changeling a true Story written by J. Michael straczynski fade in : black screen on which appear : everything you be about to see , happened the word slowly fade out , take we hard into ext . collin home - pre-dawn a small , pleasant house on a tree-line street in Los Angeles circa 1928 . 210 North Avenue 23 . not far from dodger Stadium . superimpose : los angele , MARCH 9 , 1928 . int . collin home - christine's bedroom - pre-dawn a bakelite alarm clock hit 6:30 a.m. and ring . christine collin , thirty , attractive , rumple , reach into frame to shut it off . she sit up , rub tiredly at she face , and move os , switch on a radio as she go . Music fill the air . int . bathroom - moment later she throw water on she face as the music continue . she look at herself in the mirror as the light flicker overhead . she hit the wall offhandedly , something she do every day . the flicker stop . with a last look at the mirror , she smoothes back she hair and exit , switch off the light . int . walter' bedroom - later dress now , she flick on the overhead light . walter collin be nine year old , with light brown hair , though we do not see much of it or he , he 's entangle in the sheet . it 's important that we do not see he too clearly in most of the follow scene , but without draw attention to that aspect . christine walter ... time for school , honey . she sit on the edge of the bed , run a hand through he hair . walter just ten more minute -- christine sorry , champ . ( more ) changeling a true Story 2 . christine ( cont would ) you can sleep in all you want tomorrow , that 's what Saturday be for . now hurry up or you breakfast will get cold . walter it 's cereal , it 's suppose to be cold . she smile , kiss he on the forehead , and exit . he sit on the edge of the bed , waver , then fall back into bed again . ext . pasadena avenue - morning a street - car ( know then as the Big Red ) rumble down the street in the gray light of morning , pass Ford model a 's and hudson and nash four- door sedan . int . STREET -car - continuous christine sit on one of the bench , walter 's face bury in she lap , still half - asleep . she nudge he as they come to a intersection by a grade school . it 's early enough that only a few other kid have arrive . christine we be here , sweetie . come on . she hand he a sack lunch and follow as he slouches toward the door . she watch from the curb as he head toward the school . some of the teacher loung outside nod to she as walter approach , so she know they be aware that he 's there . she wave , then hurriedly get back on the street - car as it rumble away . int . pacific telephone company - switchboard room - day locate on Grand Avenue downtown , the huge switchboard room be a maze of switch station , tangles of wire and heavy wooden headsets ... a roar of buzzer , bell , circuit open and close , and a hundred female operator speak at once . supervisor on skate roll up and down the narrow lane create by the bank of switch station , go from one operator to another as need . christine be one of they . she turn at the SOUND of a bell strike twice , then roll down the lane toward a operator frantically wave a pink sheet of paper . christine okay Sandy , what 's the prob -- the mortify operator hand she the headset and stalk off . changeling a true Story 3 . operator you deal with this one , I be not go near it . christine struggle on the headset . christine hello ? yes , this be the supervisor , mar 'am , what can I -- ( check board ) yes , I can see that you be on a party line , mar 'am , what can I -- ( beat ) I know , it 's unfortunate , but people sometimes do listen in on party line . we hope to have private line install by -- ( beat ) well , what 's he do when you be on the phone ? ( beat ) be you sure ? maybe there 's a problem with the phone line . he could be asthmatic , or -- ( beat ) oh. no , I ... I have never hear of anything like that before either . guess there 's a first time for everything , right ? no , I be afraid there 's nothing we can do about people abuse the equipment or ... themselves . I be sorry . I -- she react to the phone be hang up hard at the other end as the floor manager , BEN harris , 30 , approach . mr. harris everything all right ? christine Fine , Mr. Harris ... fine ... just someone have a problem with a... with the connection . mr. harris tell they to take the plug and shove it in and out a few time , that will usually do it . christine unfortunately that be part of the problem . if you will excuse I .... she roller-skate off toward another operator wave another pink sheet of paper . changeling a true Story 4 . ext . pacific telephone company - lunch area - day christine sit alone , eat a bag lunch and read a thick telephone company manual . work hard to advance herself . then a bell ring : time to return to work . other employee gather up they belonging and start inside . as christine close the book , she bookmark fall out . as she pick it up , we see that it 's a child 's draw : she and walter ( with arrow indicate who be who ) on a green hill , under a orange sun . she touch the draw and smile as the bell ring again . she grab she belong and head back inside . ext . school - afternoon christine wait outside the school as another bell ring , announce the end of class . kid run outside , walter among they . he fold in alongside as they start down the sidewalk . christine hey , sport . walter hey , mom . christine so how be school ? walter okay . we learn about dinosaur , and I get in a fight with billy mankowski . christine what happen ? walter he hit I . christine do you hit he back ? ( he nod ) good . rule number one : never start a fight , but always finish it . so why do he hit you ? walter because I hit he . she stop , look at he . christine wait ... you hit he first ? ( he nod ) why ? changeling a true Story 5 . walter he say my dad run off because he do not like I . christine you dad never even have a chance to meet you ... so how could he not like you ? walter then why do he leave ? christine take he hand , and they continue down the sidewalk . christine well , the same day you be bear , something else arrive . it come in the mail , in a box just slightly bigger than you . you know what be in that box ? ( he shake head ) something call responsibility . now , to some people , responsibility be fun , it 's what you live you whole life for . other people think it 's the scariest thing in the world . walter so he run away because he be scared of what be in the box ? christine yup . walter that 's dumb . christine that 's what I think . she turn and crouch down in front of he . christine walter , I decide a long time ago that I would always tell you the truth , that I would treat you like a grow - up . I can not expect you to respect I unless I respect you . ( beat ) I have never lie to you . you father leave have nothing to do with you , and everything to do with what be in the responsibility box . walter pinky-swear ? changeling a true Story 6 . christine pinky-swear . she take he pinky in hers , give a tug . he smile . christine first one to the corner store get ice cream ! he laugh and tear off . she run after he , let he stay ahead of she the whole way . ext . collin home - live room - night walter be asleep on the floor , in front of the radio , which be play the close moment of amo and Andy . christine enter and turn off the radio . he stir , look up at she . walter do I miss amo and Andy ? christine I be afraid so , sport . come on now , time for bed . she pick he up and carry he up the stair . walter be we still go to the movie tomorrow ? christine uh-huh . I hear there 's a new Charlie chaplin play down at grauman 's , and a new serial call the mysterious airman . walter who 's that ? christine I do not know . nobody do . that 's what make he so mysterious . walter oh . be I too heavy for you to carry ? christine not for year yet , walter . not for year . and she disappear upstairs . ext . collin home - morning just enough to bring we into changeling a true Story 7 . int . collin home - christine's bedroom - morning she 's get ready for the day and be almost out of the room when the phone ring . she hesitates , then pick it up . superimpose : MARCH 10 , 1928 christine hello ? ( beat ) oh , hello , Margaret . I be fine , thanks . no , I be just -- ( beat ) you be kid . when do she call in sick ? ( check watch ) what about myrna ? I know she could use the extra hour . oh . no , it 's just ... I promise walter I would take he to the movie today . there have to be somebody else .... ( beat ) all right , I ... guess we can do it tomorrow . I will get there as soon as I can . but just until four , okay ? see you in a bit . she hang up . she do not like this , but there 's no way out of it . she straighten and head out of the room . int . collin home - live room - moment later a disappointed walter sit on the couch as christine put thing together quickly . christine there 's a sandwich and milk in the icebox , and I have ask Mrs. riley if she daughter can stop by in a couple of hour , just to -- walter I can take care of myself . christine of course you can . she 's come by to check on the house , not you . she stop in front of he , kneel down to eye height . christine tomorrow , we will go to the movie . then we will ride the Big Red down to Santa monica and walk on the pier . how 's that ? that okay ? ( more ) changeling a true Story 8 . christine ( cont would ) ( he nod ) good . I will be back before it get dark . walter I be not afraid of the dark . I be not afraid of anything . christine I know you be not , honey . that 's how I raise you . ( kiss he head ) be good . see you in a bit . she head out , the screen door clatter shut behind she . ext . collin home - continuous she cross the lawn and turn at the sidewalk , glance back as walter look out at she from the window . she wave . he wave back . with one last look , she continue off . int . pacific telephone company - switchboard room - day if the place be hectic before , now it 's even worse : line buzzing , voice chatter , operator follow christine around with papers and question . operator we have get line jamme from here to Ohio ... he insist on talk to someone in charge ... I have try everything and the console 's just dead ... I need you signature here for a supply requisition .... christine glance up at the clock , 4:39 . she 's already late . but she do what 's necessary . christine all right , get I the omaha rout station , see if we can put the call through they switcher ... and let 's get that console run .... she hurry off to take care of it all , the other follow . int . pacific telephone company - hallway - later start on a clock which read 5:20 , then tilt down as christine come out of the switchboard room , pull on a sweater , ready to leave ... as the floor manager step out of he office . changeling a true Story 9 . mr. harris christine ... good , I be hope to catch you . I have be follow you work report , and I just want you to know that I be very impressed . she glance down the block . the street car be approach , but she do not want to piss off she boss by run off . mr. harris when I first suggest hire female supervisor , my superior be not big on the idea . but you have hold you own as well as any of we male supervisor , and -- christine thank you , Mr. Harris , but I -- mr. harris Ben , please . Point be , we be look for someone to take on a managerial position in we new beverly Hills office . if you be interested I can -- christine that 's great , Mr. Harris , I really appreciate the vote of confidence . mr. harris good , good ... so maybe we could -- she look up to see the streetcar right at the stop . christine I be sorry , but I really have to go . we will talk on Monday . good night ! she race out to ext . pacific telephone company - continuous run after the streetcar as it close its door . christine wait ...wait ...hold on , just a -- but the streetcar rumble away before she can catch it . frustrate , she glance at she watch and sigh resignedly . int . STREET - car - early evening christine sit on the front bench , watch as the shadow lengthen , then pull the bell . the car rumble to a stop as she step out onto the sidewalk . changeling a true Story 10 . ext . STREET - early evening she pass a grocery store , where a clock read 6:15 , and continue past other house on the pleasant , green street . we hear parent tell they kid to come in for dinner , radio play music or radio drama . peaceful , charming . christine smile , turn the corner , look to she house -- -- and it 's dark , close up . no light on inside , no music or drama on the radio . Dead silent . christine pause , then pick up she pace . no need to panic , he could be upstairs asleep , could be in the back of the house , where the light would not show . she go to the front door . it 's unlock . she enter -- int . collin home - live room - evening it 's dark , silent . she put she purse down . look around . christine walter ? nothing . she go into int . kitchen switch on light as she go . nothing . she check the refrigerator . the sandwich she make walter be untouched . she move to the staircase . christine walter ...? int . walter' room she open the door to he room . no walter . ext . collin house she cross to the sidewalk . look up and down the street . christine walter ? honey ? time to come in . a little girl on a tricycle roll past . christine susie honey , have you see walter ? girl nuh-uh . the girl continue away . christine 's concerned , but she have not hit the panic button , not yet . she cross the street to -- changeling a true Story 11 . ext . riley house -- and ring the doorbell . the door open and mrs . riley , forty , emerge . christine Mrs. riley , I be sorry to bother you at dinnertime , but I be wonder if walter be here . mrs . riley no , I be afraid not . christine do you know if Jamie be able to look in on he ? mrs . riley well , I mention it to she , but she be go to a dance with some of she friend ... you know how teenager be . be everything all right ? christine I be sure it 's fine , I just ... ( beat ) thank you , Mrs. riley . christine head away . ext . STREET christine stop at the sidewalk in front of she house , look up and down the street , arm fold against the grow chill . christine walter ...? walter .... she start walk again . faster now . look around tree and porch , anywhere a nine- year - old boy might hide . she hear child play . laugh . she pick up she pace , home in on the sound . she turn the corner to find three child play , none of they walter . she look down the ominously empty street . her worry grow , she head to the house . faster now . heel click on the hard sidewalk . int . collin house - live room she burst in , leave the door open , look around in case he come in while she be out . nothing . she cross to the phone , hesitates for just a beat , then pick up the receiver . changeling a true Story 12 . christine yes , Operator , give I the police . there 's a long pause as she wait , look out the window , then : police dispatcher ( on phone ) lincoln Heights division . christine yes , hello , my name be christine Collins , I live at 210 North Avenue 23... I be call to report a miss child ... it 's my son , he .... police dispatcher ( on phone ) how long have he be go ? christine I be not sure ... I just get home from work and ... it could be since late this morning , it could be just a hour -- police dispatcher ( on phone ) have you check around the neighborhood ? christine yes , of course , I -- police dispatcher ( on phone ) maybe he lose track of the time . christine no , he always stay around the house when it start to get dark . can you please send someone down here ? police dispatcher ( on phone ) I be sorry , but we policy be that we do not dispatch unit on miss child case for twenty - four hour . christine what ? but that 's -- police dispatcher ( on phone ) ninety - nine time out of a hundred the kid show up by morning . we do not have the resource to go chase every kid who run off with he pal and -- christine that 's not walter , he do not do that . changeling a true Story 13 . police dispatcher ( on phone ) with all due respect , mar 'am , every parent who call we say the same thing . christine please , I -- police dispatcher ( on phone ) I be sorry , but there 's nothing I can do . I will take you name and information , but that 's all until tomorrow morning at the earliest . ext . STREET - moment later christine walk down the street , arm wrap around herself . police dispatcher ( v.o. ) I be sure he will show up by then . they always do . she continue on , call walter 's name as she disappear into the shadow . int . collin home - live room - morning christine watch out the curtain live room window , eye red rimmed from worry but not from tear , not yet , as a police car finally pull up . neighbor look on as the officer get out and approach the house . hold on christine 's face , pale and worried , under : rev . briegleb ( v.o. ) we thought go out again to Mrs. christine Collins , of lincoln Heights -- ext . ST . paul' presbyterian church - day locate at 5100 coliseum Street rev . briegleb ( v.o. ) -- whose young son , walter Collins , disappear almost two week ago . int . ST . paul' church - day a large radio microphone with the call letter kgf be atop a podium , where pastor gustav briegleb stand : fifty , barrel chest , no -nonsense , a fire - and -brimstone preacher . his congregation sit in hard wooden pews , listen and nodd . rev . briegleb though she be not a member of we congregation , we pray for she today ( more ) changeling a true Story 14 . rev . briegleb ( cont would ) as we have every day since we first learn of she situation on the radio , and in the newspaper . ( beat ) we be tell that the Los Angeles Police Department be do the best it can to reunite mother and child , and I be sure that be true . ( beat ) but give its position as the most violent , corrupt and incompetent police department this side of the Rocky Mountains , that 's not say a great deal . there 's applause and cheer from the pews . he let it pass . rev . briegleb every day , new body show up along mulholland , or in ditch , the work of Police Chief James Davis and he so-called " gun squad . " every day the need of honest citizen be put second to greed and personal gain . every day , the city sink deeper into a cesspool of fear , intimidation and corruption . once the City of angel , Los Angeles be now a place where we protector have become we brutalizer ... where to be the law ... be to be above the law ... where none dare speak truth to power . ( beat ) but we will not be silent . we will continue to put they offense and they failure in full view of the public . we will not be intimidate . the place erupt into applause and cheer . int . police chief jame davis ' office - day police chief jame E. davis , 40s , hard - edge and tall , stand look out the window as the radio drone on behind he . rev . briegleb ( on radio ) because while the " gun squad " speak in the only language Chief Davis understand , we speak in the language of compassion , truth and strength . we speak for we fellow citizen , beat and kill by a renegade police department . ( more ) changeling a true Story 15 . rev . briegleb ( on radio ) ( cont would ) we speak for a innocent child , rip from he mother 's arm , now all but forget by the police . and that voice , my friend , will never be silence . more cheer and applause as Davis switch off the radio . dissolve to : int . collin home - christine's bedroom - morning the alarm go off , but christine be already awake . stare up at the ceiling . she slowly pull herself up and move os . superimpose : april 3 , 1928 int . walter' bedroom - morning christine walk past the door to he bedroom . look inside . go over to the bed . her hand linger , touch it , under : mr. harris ( v.o. ) be you sure you be ready for this , christine ? int . pacific telephone company - hallway - day christine and Mr. Harris , the floor manager , approach the door to the switchboard room . mr. harris I mean , if you need more time -- christine the police be do all they can , and frankly I could use the money . it 's be almost a month , and ... it would not do any good to find walter and bring he home if he do not have a home to come back to , right ? mr. harris of course . he smile as he say it , but there 's the sense that he do not think walter 's come back . it 's be too long . she sense it , but move past it , push open the door and enter int . switchboard room - continuous as loud as before ... until the operator see christine , and the noise stop . she try to smile , as if to say , I be okay , but can not quite manage it . changeling a true Story 16 . several woman approach and hug she as the noise level begin to climb , but nowhere near what it be a moment earlier . mr. harris well ... I will leave you to it , then . she nod as he exit , then head off herself . int . switchboard room - later christine move from station to station , the noise level still noticeably low . every time she approach a operator , they lower they voice , as if not to bother she . one operator hold up a pink request sheet . christine start toward she , but then the operator glance to another supervisor and hand it off . know she have to do something about this , she turn to the room and , in a firm , clear voice , say : christine Excuse I , can I have you attention ? the room grow quiet . everyone be look at she . christine listen , everyone , I appreciate you consideration , but I be not make of porcelain . I will not break down and cry if the station to station call to kankakee do not go through . ( a thin smile ) actually , I ... promise myself that I would not cry ... would not let myself cry ... until I know , one way or another , what .... ( beat ) Point be ... I like the noise here . so do not be afraid to talk and ... push button , and drop thing . if it be not noisy , how would I know I be in the right place ? she manage a thin smile as the place return to normal . ext . phone company lunch area - afternoon Mr. Harris step out into the lunch area where a number of the operator and supervisor be hang out . mr. harris Excuse I , have anyone see christine ? operator I think I see she in the back office . he nod he thanks , and continue off . changeling a true Story 17 . int . phone company - back office - moment later he approach the door , slow as he hear christine inside . christine ( o.s. ) -- well , if you do hear anything , would you let I know ? thanks , I appreciate it . Goodbye . a hang - up , then dial . he glance in the open doorway . christine sit at a table , phone in hand , a list of phone number in front of she . the list read las vega missing person department , SACRAMENTO missing person department , san francisco missing person department ...on and on ... with each have multiple check beside it , indicate all the time she 's call . her lunch sit untouched beside she . she put a check next to las vega missing person department then look up as someone answer at the other end of the phone . christine miss person department , please . ( beat ) yes , hello , this be christine Collins , I ...yes , fine , thank you . I be just check back to see if you have find any miss or lose child that might match the -- ( beat ) I see . no , I appreciate that , it 's just ... it never hurt to make sure all the line of communication be work . I mean , that 's what I do for a live , right ? ( beat ) well , I will try back next week . if you do hear anything in the meantime , would you be sure to let I know ? thanks . Goodbye . she hang up and tick another department off the list and dial again . Mr. Harris head away , decide that whatever it be he plan to talk to she about ... it can wait . christine miss person department , please . dissolve to : ext . diner - afternoon a single car be park in the dirt lot outside the small , roadside diner . superimpose : do kalb , illinois . JULY 10 , 1928 changeling a true Story 18 . int . diner - continuous the cook who own this dive be clean the griddle and keep a eye on the only two customer in the place : a man and a young boy , both wear hat , as be the custom . they be unkempt , dirty , like they have be on the road a long time . they finish the last of the food as the cook approach , tear off the bill and put it on the table . cook two dollar . the man reach for he wallet . pat a empty pocket . tries the other pocket . nothing . man Hell ... look like I leave my wallet at home . can I owe it to you ? cook no credit . pay up or I call the cop . I be tired of bum like you come around here . man I be not try to stiff you , chief . I just leave my wallet at home , that 's all . I will go back and get it . five , ten minute top . the cook hesitates ; he do not want the trouble of bring in the cop , but he do not want to get stick , either . cook you get any collateral ? the man glance at the Boy seat beside he . the boy 's face be dirty , partially obscure by the hat . man can not ask for better collateral than a man 's own flesh and blood , right ? ( to the boy ) you stay here , son , I will be right back . boy but -- man now do not give I any trouble . he 's a good man to trust we like this . you just sit here while I go get my wallet . okay ? changeling a true Story 19 . the boy nod reluctantly , look away as the man rise . cook ten minute , then I be call the cop . the man nod , exit and drive off . the cook squint warily at the Boy , then at the wall clock . it 's 2:00 . ext . diner - later no car . just the empty parking lot . int . diner - on clock it 's 3:15 . the cook be annoyed . he glance to the Boy , who will not meet he gaze . finally : cook ah , hell .... he go to the phone . click the receiver a few time . cook hello , myrtle ? it 's harve , down by the diner . would you get I sheriff larsen ? yeah , I will wait . he cast a sour look in the boy 's direction . cook what 's you name , son ? Son ...? the boy take a beat , look out at the road . then : boy I do not remember . cook swell . int . pacific telephone company - switchboard room - day as before , christine hurry from one station to another , lose in the barely - manage chaos . she stop at one station , glance over papers , then look over at -- -- the window to Mr. Harris ' office , where he be talk with a police officer , captain J. J. jone , 30 , serious , arch . she slow , unable to look away , a grow dread settling in she heart . Harris point out the window . point ...to she . the police captain nod and enter the switchboard room . as Jones head for she , the strength go out of christine 's leg . she hold onto the a desk as he stop before she . changeling a true Story 20 . jone Mrs. Collins ? she manage a nod . behind she eye be the terror : he 's go to tell I my son be dead . the room get very quiet . jone my name be Captain J. J. Jones , lincoln Park juvenile division . my office supervise all runaway and miss child case , include you son 's , and .... ( beat , a smile ) he 's alive , Mrs. Collins . he be pick up two day ago by local police in De kalb , Illinois . he 's safe and unhurt . he be in the company of some drifter , we have get a apb out for he now , and -- but she have not hear anything past he 's safe and unhurt . she almost go to the floor as other woman rush toward she , cry and embrace she . for the first time , christine cry , great wrack sob , all the emotion she 's be fight back all this time come out at last ... he 's okay ... he 's okay . dissolve to : ext . union station - day Jones and christine be in a police car pull up to the train station . it move through a police line hold back a crowd of reporter who shout question at the pass car . christine all this reporter ... you do not tell I -- jone your be a story with a happy end , Mrs. Collins . people love happy ending . ( check watch ) train should be pull in shortly . we would better get a move on . as christine and Jones step out , they be mobbed by the press . Jones smile splendidly for the camera , wave , one arm wrap around christine , who look stunne by it all . jone thank you ... we will have a statement for you in a little while . ( more ) changeling a true Story 21 . jone ( cont would ) right now the important thing be to re-unite this little lady with she son . so if you will excuse we .... beam , Jones escort christine into Union Station . int . train - day seat on a bench be a police matron , and beside she , the boy from the De kalb diner ... who we will identify henceforth as " walter . " he be look out the window at the pass scenery . " walter " do you know that Los Angeles be where they make the Tom mix movie ? matron no , I do not . " walter " his horse be name blue. ( beat ) you think they will let I watch they make a movie ? matron I do not know , you will have to ask . but with all this attention , who know , maybe they will . the boy turn he attention back out the window as we hear the whistle of the train pull into Union Station . int . union station - train platform - day we hear the same train whistle from this side as christine and Jones come to the ramp , police chief davis be wait . the reporter be hold back at the entrance to the platform . jone Mrs. Collins , I would like to introduce you to Chief of Police James E. Davis . christine oh , my , I do not expect -- davis we do not get a lot of positive attention from the boy in the press this day , so it 's good to be here when there 's a positive story , do not you think ? changeling a true Story 22 . but she 's distract , look off to the end of the platform , where the train be start to pull in . davis I take it you have be treat well by my boy in the department ? christine oh ...yes , of course , they have be great . well , there be that part about have to wait twenty - four hour before filing a report , but -- davis technicality aside -- the train stop . Doors begin to open . christine yes ... other than that , no complaint . they have all be wonderful . davis good , then you will not have any problem tell that to the press , and how the lapd be concerned first and foremost with the safety of -- but she 's already run down the platform as people start to step off the train . Jones exchange a look with Davis . jone woman . just a sec .... he trot off to catch up with christine , who walk alongside the train , look from window to window , anxious , eager . then : the matron get off the train , she frame momentarily block the view of the boy beside she ... but christine spot they . with Jones not far behind , she break into a run . christine walter ... walter ! she run toward they . the matron turn , see she , smile and get out of the way , revealing the boy . christine stop . stagger so hard she almost fall . she step forward slowly , a hand go to she mouth . for a moment , we be not sure what 's go through she mind . she look to the matron , who smile . look to the boy , who smile . then she step back a pace , horror sink in as Jones come jauntily alongside she . changeling a true Story 23 . jone well ? be not you go to -- christine he 's not my son . Jones freeze at the word . jone I ... what be you -- christine he 's not my son . ( beat ) he 's not my son . jone I be ... I be sure you be mistaken . christine mistaken ? jone he 's be through four long , terrible month ... he 's go through change , lose weight -- christine I know my own son . he glance over he shoulder to where the Chief of Police be wait , not aware of any of this , and beyond he ... the press . jone I be just say ... I mean , you be in shock , and he 's change , and -- he turn from she , stoops down to look at the boy . jone what 's you name , son ? can you tell I you name ? " walter " walter Collins . christine step back as though slap . this can not be . christine it 's a common name , it -- jone do you know where you live , walter ? do you know you home address ? the boy consider for a moment ... then : changeling a true Story 24 . " walter " my house be at 210 North Avenue 23 , Los Angeles , California . ( beat ) and that 's my mommy ! and he run to she , grab she around the waist , which only magnify she horror . Jones have no idea what to make of she , or this , or the boy . the only thing he know be that the chief of police be stand right over there , smile now that he think he 's see a mother and child reunion . the press be nearly insane try to get through to they . jone Mrs. Collins ... listen to I . I know you be feel uncertain right now , but that 's to be expect ... a boy this age change so fast ... but we have compensate for that in we investigation . we be expert in child identification . there 's no question that this be you son . christine it 's not walter . jone it 's not walter as you remember he . that 's why it 's important for you to take he home , on a ... trial basis . christine a trial basis ? jone once you have put he back in familiar surroundings , and give yourself time to recover from the shock of he change condition ... you will see that it be he . I swear to you , Mrs. Collins . I give you my word . trust I ... this be you son . she look from he to the boy ... who be not terribly dissimilar from walter ... so that even the audience may not be entirely sure if it 's he or not ... and part of she want desperately to believe ... the pressure be immense . jone if there 's any problem , any problem at all , come and talk to I and I will take care of it . ( beat ) Mrs. Collins ... he have nowhere else to go . changeling a true Story 25 . it 's a agonizing moment , then finally : christine I ... look , I will take he home , but only because I ... might not be think clearly right now , and -- jone thank you . without give she a moment to reconsider , he wave and the Chief of Police approach as the press rush toward they . in a instant , they be overwhelm by people shouting question , flashbulb pop , a fever of excitement . reporter how do it feel to have you son home , Mrs. Collins ? what do you think when you see he for the first time ? christine it be ... it 's ... hard to explain . jone ( jump in ) it be certainly quite a shock . at first she hardly recognize he . perfectly natural , the boy 's be through quite a ordeal . reporter how're you feel , son ? Bet it feel great to be home . " walter " yeah , it 's great ! davis the Los Angeles Police Department be thankful for all the hard work do by the De kalb County sheriff 's Department in help to make this joyful reunion possible . the lapd be dedicated to serve the public at all time , and -- another reporter can we get a photo of mother and son , Captain ? christine I -- changeling a true Story 26 . jone absolutely . he pose christine and " walter " so she be hold the boy in she arm . daze , stunne , confuse , she manage to smile for the camera . bulb flash and -- -- time slow down , the SOUND mute , as christine look around at it all as though in a dream ... reporter shouting question she do not hear ... bulb flash ... the boy beside she , smile at it all . he look at she , mouth the word mommy , as -- int . police car - moment later -- the car door slam and she and the boy sit side by side . the silence be in profound contrast to the madness of a moment earlier . a officer get in they drive off , pass Jones and the Chief of Police , talk quietly off to one side . christine look to the boy . he smile at she . int . collin house - kitchen - night the only noise be the clock on the wall , tick . christine sit at one end of the table , " walter " at the other . study he . he be finish a sandwich , not meeting she gaze . christine be the sandwich all right ? ( he nod ) would you like some more milk ? " walter " no . christine no , thank you . " walter " no , thank you . christine now you need a bath . you be cover with soot from the train ride . he turn , and head up the stair . she follow . int . hallway fronting bathroom - later carry a pair of pajamas , christine come into the hall and stop in front of the bathroom door . knock . christine I find you a pair of pajamas . I buy they for walter but he do not like the fabric , so -- changeling a true Story 27 . " walter " ( o.s. ) ow ! she hear he fall and push the door open . int . bathroom she help " walter " stand , discreetly turn away from we . christine be you all right ? " walter " I fall . stupid tub . christine do you hurt yourself ? let I see -- she stop suddenly , reacting to something we do not see . look slowly look up to he face . christine ... circumcise .... she take he hand and march he out of the bathroom . int . hallway she place he against the wall where she measure walter 's growth over the year . the mark put he four inch short than the one label March . she look at he , very serious . christine the last time I measure walter -- the last time I measure my son -- he be four inch taller than you be right now . ( beat ) who be you ? ( beat ) what be you do here ? ( beat ) who be you ? he say nothing . hold on she look of grow desperation . int . police station - hallway - day Jones walk quickly down the hall , try to look interested in a clutch of papers in he hand , christine follow after . christine he 's not my son . jone Mrs. Collins -- changeling a true Story 28 . christine I do not know who he be , or why he 's say he 's walter , but there 's clearly be some kind of mistake . jone we agree you would give he time to adjust -- christine he 's four inch short than walter . boy he age do not shrink . if anything , he should be taller . jone maybe you measurement be off . look , I be sure there 's a reasonable explanation for -- christine he 's circumcise . walter be not . Jones glance back , uncomfortable about discuss circumcision with a woman in public view . he lower he voice . jone Mrs. Collins ... you son be miss for four month . for at least part of that in the company of a as - yet unidentified drifter . who know what such a disturb individual might have do ? he could have have he ... circumcise ... might have -- christine make he smaller ? Captain , please -- he 's on the move again , step into -- int . jone ' office - continuous -- and get behind he desk as christine follow he in . christine -- why will not you listen to I ? jone I be listen , damn it , I -- ( beat , calmer ) I be listen . and I understand you feeling . he 's change , no mistake . you have both be through a terrible experience . that 's why he need you support and love to bounce back . changeling a true Story 29 . christine Captain , that boy would not bounce back as my son if you coat he in rubber and drop he off the roof . he sit , shaking he head . jone why be you do this , Mrs. Collins ? you seem perfectly capable of take care of the boy , you work pay you enough to attend to he personal need ... so I do not understand why you be try to run away from you responsibility -- christine I be not run away from anything , least of all my responsibility . I be even take care of that boy because right now I be all he have . what worry I be that you have stop look for walter . jone why should we look someone we have already find ? christine but you have not find he . he 's still out there somewhere , lose , maybe hurt .... jone his identity have be confirm by the best mind in the field of child identification , people who know what they be do . christine and I do not ? Captain , look , I do not want to cause trouble for you or the department . honestly I do not . I know you have do everything you can ... but there 's be a terrible mistake , and I need you help if we be go to correct it ... before it 's too late . please . she exit . annoy , Jones pace , then pick up the phone . jone Sara , get Dr. tarr on the phone . changeling a true Story 30 . int . collin home - day christine be cooking dinner when the doorbell ring . she open the door to find a police officer and dr . earl W. tarr , sixty , mildly eccentric in appearance . dr . tarr Mrs. Collins ? Dr. Earl W. tarr. Captain Jones send I . I consult with he from time to time on juvenile case . May I come in ? christine oh ...yes , of course . she step aside , and Dr. tarr enter , look around . christine thank you for come . I be surprised Captain Jones move so quickly . I be start to think he do not believe I . dr . tarr well , I be here now , and we will put all that to rights . where be the boy ? he look up as " walter " come downstairs . noting that he say " the boy , " not " you son , " christine look relieved . dr . tarr ah ! there he be . a handsome young man . he have you eye , do not he ? and a little bit of the nose . very fit , in spite of all he travail . a very resilient boy you have get here , Mrs. Collins . as he bend down to look more closely at " walter , " christine stiffen ... she can not have hear that right . christine Doctor tarr , I think you be here to help I . dr . tarr I be . Captain Jones say the boy have go through some extreme physical change , and ask I to look in on he ... to reassure you in this you time of motherly concern . christine my " motherly concern " be not for he because he 's not my son . changeling a true Story 31 . dr . tarr statement like that will hardly help the boy 's self - esteem , now will they ? ( beat ) Captain Jones say something about a change in height ...? christine he 's four inch short than -- dr . tarr ah , well ... hardly a mystery , Mrs. Collins . we have know for some time that trauma can affect the growth of child . give the stress of the last four month he spine may have actually shrink . it 's uncommon , but within the realm of possibility . christine what about the circumcision ? dr . tarr very likely he abductor think it appropriate . after all , circumcision be hygienically sound . must have be quite traumatic at the time . no wonder he 's submerge the memory . christine look , doctor -- dr . tarr as you can see , there 's a perfectly sound medical explanation for all of this . but it 's good for you to raise this question . you should be apprise of all change the lad go through during he absence . christine would not I know whether or not he be my son ? I be he mother . dr . tarr which mean you be in no position to be objective . you be look through the prism of extreme emotion at a boy who have change from what you remember . he be not the same boy that leave here , just as a boy who go off to war and return be not the same anymore . ( more ) changeling a true Story 32 . dr . tarr ( cont would ) a mother 's heart , drive by intuition and emotion rather than logic , see this change and rebel , insist that this can not be you son . but that do not change the fact . ( beat ) I be willing to put my theory to the test of objectivity , Mrs. Collins ... be you ? christine what be you -- before she can react , he take walter by the hand and lead he outside . christine follow they out to -- ext . collin house - continuous -- as Dr. tarr stride onward , the police officer and " walter " walk alongside as christine bring up the rear . a few house down they come to a group of child play . dr . tarr hello , child , my name be Dr. Earl W. tarr . I would like to ask you some question . 1st kid my mom say we be not suppose to talk to stranger . dr . tarr good boy . quite right . but as you see I be with the police , so it 's all right . now , I be sure you know Mrs. Collins here , and she son , walter . how many of you recognize this young boy as walter Collins ? he look from one child to the other . they do not reply . either they do not recognize he , or they be intimidate . dr . tarr now , now , no need to be afraid . surely you know walter , and play with he ? so which of you can identify walter for I , for he mother , and for the police ? this officer would want you to do the right thing as good young citizen . the kid exchange a glance . it 's clear they do not recognize the boy , but they be intimidate by the presence of tarr and the police officer . a few reluctantly raise they hand . another of they go to " walter , " who be short than he be . changeling a true Story 33 . 2 nd kid walter be as tall as I .... dr . tarr yes , precisely . he be as tall as you . now he 's not . he 's lose a little height , you see . it 's a thing call trauma . with luck , none of you will ever have to find out about it yourselves . so other than that , do you recognize this as you friend , walter Collins ? 2 nd kid I guess ... christine Dr. tarr -- dr . tarr already ahead of you , Mrs. Collins ; child can be intimidate . but not adult . shall we try a neighbor ? he head off again , like some very tall , strange bird march down the street . christine exchange a look with the kid , then head off to follow . ext . riley's house - foyer - moment later tarr , christine , Mrs. riley , the officer and " walter " stand on the porch . dr . tarr -- and we would appreciate it if you could make a positive identification for we . mrs . riley I would be happy to . I see the boy often . come closer , son . she stoops down , study " walter 's " face , turn it from side to side . squint at he . he squint back at she . note : she 's not wear glass . finally : dr . tarr take you time ... be sure . mrs . riley oh , yes ...yes ... that 's walter all right . use to come here all the time to play with my nephew , Roger . changeling a true Story 34 . dr . tarr thank you , Mrs. riley . you have be a big help , I -- christine before we go ... Mrs. riley , do you have the time ? mrs . riley certainly .... she look at she watch . hold it farther away . can not quite focus on it . pull she glass out from inside she blouse . mrs . riley my last concession to vanity ; man do not make pass at woman who wear glass , you know . ( check the watch ) five o'clock . christine thank you . Mrs. riley nod and head inside as christine look to tarr , who shrug off what be just demonstrate . dr . tarr a boy be much larger than a watch , Mrs. Collins . ( to " walter " ) come along , son . tarr take " walter 's " hand and head away , christine follow , anger grow in she eye as we hear : christine ( v.o. ) this be absolutely outrageous ! int . collin home - kitchen - day she be on the phone , " walter " finish up he dinner in bg . christine Captain , I ...no , listen to I , this so-called doctor parade I around my own neighborhood like some kind of derelict mother who could not even recognize she own -- ( beat ) he find what he expect to find , what you obviously tell he he would find , but it 's not -- ( beat ) no , I be not reassure . ( more ) changeling a true Story 35 . christine ( cont would ) I think we have a understanding , I -- ( beat ) that I be embarrassed be not the issue , the point be you be waste time when you should be look for my son , I -- ( beat ) then I want to see this report , so I can refute it , before it go to anyone else , all right ? Fine . she hang up . hard . the event of the day have she teeter on the edge , but she 's hold on . she pull herself together and go to the sink , furiously do dish for a silent beat before " walter " look up from he now - empty plate . " walter " I be finish . can I go to my room now ? christine yes . go on up . " walter " rise , as christine continue to clean dish , not look back at he . exhausted mentally , physically and emotionally . he go to the door , stop , turn . " walter " g'night , mommy . christine fumble the plate and it smashes to the floor . she turn furiously to " walter . " christine stop say that ! I be not you mother ! and you be not my son ! she move toward he , she anger come out at last . christine who be you ? why be you do this to I ? damn you ! I want my son back ! he tear off as she slump to the floor , cover she eye . christine I want my son back ...god , please ... make it stop ... just make it stop . int . walter' bedroom - night " walter " be in bed , he back to the door , as christine appear in the hallway . she step into the room , sit on the bed . changeling a true Story 36 . he do not move . her voice be soft , but firm . christine I be wrong to yell at you . you be still a child , and I think you do not really understand what you be do , the hurt you be cause . maybe this be all just some big game of pretend to you , but I need you to understand . walter be ... he 's all I have , he 's everything to I , and every day we lose because of this put he further away from where I can help he . ( beat ) whatever the police think , whatever the world think , we know the truth , do not we ? we both know you be not walter . get you to admit that may be the only chance I have to straighten this out before it 's too late . maybe you be afraid of get in trouble , that you be in too deep . but you be not . you do not have to tell I who you be , you just have to tell they who you be not . just ... tell they the truth . he do not respond . she give it a moment in case he might open up , then rise and head back into the hallway . she switch off the light and head off down the hallway . dissolve to : int . ST . paul' church - rectory - pre-dawn pastor briegleb be type out he sermon for the day . he 's exhaust . look at the clock . 6:30 a.m . he rub tiredly at he face when he hear the thump of the newspaper be deliver . he stand , stretch and step out to -- ext . ST . paul' church - continuous -- where the newspaper be visible on the front lawn . he pick it up and start into the rectory as he unfold the paper . then : he slow , stunne by something he 's read . he look up again , and hurry back into the rectory . int . collin home - christine's bedroom - pre-dawn she 's in bed , asleep , as the telephone ring downstairs . she glance at the clock : 6:45 . she clearly do not want to go down to answer it ... then reluctantly climb out of bed . changeling a true Story 37 . int . collin home - live room - moment later the telephone be still ringing as she pick it up . christine hello ? rev . briegleb ( on phone ) be this Mrs. christine Collins ? christine yes ? who be this ? rev . briegleb ( on phone ) my name be gustav briegleb , I be the pastor over at St. Paul 's -- christine oh , yes , I hear some of you radio broadcast after my son ... you be very supportive , and I appreciate -- rev . briegleb ( on phone ) Mrs. Collins ... have you see the Times today ? christine no , I -- rev . briegleb ( on phone ) you would better take a look . then come by the parish in a hour for breakfast . I think we should meet . she start to reply , but the line go dead . she hang up the phone , pull she robe closer around she , and step out to ext . collin home - pre -dawn where a copy of the Los Angeles Times sit on a neighbor 's front lawn . she look around , then dash to pick it up . she unfold it as she head back , then abruptly stop . she can not believe what she 's see . close on the newspaper . the headline read mysterious transformation in Collins Boy . ext . ST . paul' church - garden - morning briegleb be eat a big breakfast . christine , newspaper in hand , be pace , furious . she read aloud from the paper . christine " acting on the request of the Los Angeles Police Department , Dr. Earl ( more ) changeling a true Story 38 . christine ( cont would ) W. tarr , child specialist , examine walter Collins to determine the cause of he loss of weight , paleness , confusion and run-down condition notice since the return of the boy to he mother last Saturday . " rev . briegleb Lovely bit of phrasing , be not it ? noticed since the return of the boy to he mother . not only do it state clearly that you be the boy 's mother , one could infer from this that you be somehow responsible for this change ... and that the police be concerned for the boy 's welfare in you hand . ( beat ) you should try the egg , they be very good . christine ( still read ) " I examine the boy quite thoroughly , Dr. tarr say -- int . police station - night Dr. tarr be sit at a desk and speak to a handful of reporter , enjoy the attention . dr . tarr -- and it 's clear that he have something to tell . I be sure that in time he will give he boyish story of the entire affair , but not until he have faith in he listener . and that be what be lack : faith in the poor lad 's story . in the course of my examination , I find nothing to dispute the finding by the lapd . reporter how come he have not be able to tell anyone what happen while he be go ? dr . tarr I would say that the boy have either be coach or question to a point where he be largely confuse about what happen to he during ( more ) changeling a true Story 39 . dr . tarr ( cont would ) that many month . it 's possible that he mental lapse may be the result of a blow to the head or a sudden shock which bring about a possible cranial injury . I believe that this condition will pass soon . until then , I recommend that the police department continue work with he , expose he to whatever element of he previous life as may help restore he memory . back to scene as she lower the paper , incredulous . ( and yes , what you just read be exactly what the doctor really say . ) christine Captain Jones promise he would let I see the report before it go anywhere else . rev . briegleb someone in authority at the lapd lie ? good heaven , I may have to go lie down . he laugh . she turn , look stricken . he sober at once . rev . briegleb I be not laugh at you situation , Mrs. Collins . it 's just ... after one have this sort of conversation enough time , a certain degree of hysteria begin to set in . please , sit . reluctantly , she do . shake she head in disbelief . christine why be they do this ? rev . briegleb to avoid admit a mistake ... that they bring back the wrong boy . ( off she look ) anyone read that with half a brain would see through it instantly . sadly , that leave out about half the Times ' readership , but still .... christine thank you . ( more ) changeling a true Story 40 . christine ( cont would ) I have be try to get someone to say that word since ... god , I be start to think I be lose my mind . ( beat ) thank you . at least someone believe I . rev . briegleb you have no idea how many people have sit in that very chair and say that exact same word to I in relation to we friend at the Los Angeles Police Department . ( beat ) Mrs. Collins , I have make it my mission to bring to light all the thing the lapd would prefer no one know anything about ... a department rule by violence , abuse , murder , corruption and intimidation . montage start int . police station - office - day faux newsreel footage of Police Chief Davis speak before a bunch of microphone . rev . briegleb ( o.s. ) when Chief Davis take over the lapd two year ago , he say -- davis ( overlap ) we will hold court on gunman in the Los Angeles street . I want they bring in dead , not alive , and I will reprimand any officer who show the least mercy to a criminal . ext . STREET - night a crowd of police officer , armed with machine - gun , blast the hell out of a group of guy line up against a wall . rev . briegleb ( v.o. ) he pick fifty of the most dangerous cop on the force , give they machine gun and permission to shoot anyone who get in they way . he call they the gun squad . no lawyer . no trial . no question , suspension or investigation . just pile of body . changeling a true Story 41 . ext . back alley - night another guy , beat to a bloody pulp , be shove out of a move car and leave in the rain . rev . briegleb ( v.o. ) body in morgue , body in hospital , body by the side of the road , barely alive . not because the police want to wipe out crime , they just want to get rid of the competition . ext . roadside - night a pair of cop and a couple of thug inspect a truck carry booze over the border from Canada , pay the freight and watch as the truck drive off in the truck . rev . briegleb ( v.o. ) Mayor cryer and half the police force be on the take . prostitution , gambling , bootlegge , you name it . ( beat ) when the glove come off , pretty soon the rest of the department get into the brutality act . do not want the gun squad to have all the fun , after all . int . tenement build - night two officer be sexually assault a woman on the stair . rev . briegleb ( v.o . ) the more they get away with it , the worse thing get , because when you give folk the freedom to do whatever they want , as God see in the Garden of eden , they will do just that . back to scene with christine and briegleb , in the rectory garden . rev . briegleb this police department do not tolerate dissent , contradiction ... or embarrassment , Mrs. Collins . you have the power to embarrass they ... and they do not like it . not when they become the heroes of the hour the day they stand there pose with you , have rescue a lose boy from the wilderness . ( more ) changeling a true Story 42 . rev . briegleb ( cont would ) ( beat ) they will do everything they can to discredit you . I have see it happen too many time to start go blind now . that 's why I want to see you , so you would know what you be get into ... and how to fight they . christine reverend briegleb ... I appreciate what you be say , and what you be do ... but I be not on a mission . the only thing I want be to find my son , that 's all , and I just -- rev . briegleb a lot of mother ' son end up be sacrifice to expediency around here , Mrs. Collins . your would not be the first . do this right , and maybe yours will be the last . she get up from the table , pace the garden . christine if they honestly think I be wrong , that would be one thing ... but if they do not care , if they be just try to cover it up .... he pick up the article , wave it . rev . briegleb this be they attempt to win by frame the discussion they way . " why , of course it 's she son ... yes , there have be change ... we be look into it , and be not it strange that they happen after the boy get home ? " ( beat ) they be put you in the position of have to disprove what they be say ... and that 's hard . most people believe what they hear from the police or the government . if you play it they way , you ... and you son ... be go to lose . she close she eye for a beat , then look to he , she voice firmer , she decision make . christine what do I have to do ? changeling a true Story 43 . rev . briegleb Change the rule of engagement . re - define the argument . they bring in they expert , so you bring in yours . you have a advantage they do not . you know you son better than they ever will , and in that knowledge be the proof you need . ( beat ) get that information , put it out there . make they respond to you , not the other way around . he get up , walk toward she , put he hand on she shoulder . give she strength ... but also he concern . rev . briegleb once people side with the police , it 's a hard climb ... but even in a town as loud as this one , the voice of truth can be hear ... if you be willing to take it all the way in spite of the danger ... and they be very real , Mrs. Collins , make no mistake . once you open the book on this people , you be go to be look over you shoulder every day , maybe for the rest of you life . ( beat ) you up to it , Mrs. Collins ? he look in she eye ... and she meet he gaze levelly . the answer be evident . int . waiting room - angle on door - day we be in a dentist 's office . christine be wait for a beat before the door open , and dr . JOHN montgomery emerge . christine well ? dr . montgomery he have two cavity that need fill . he put up a fight , but I take care of it . christine and ...? he cast a look back at the close door , shake he head . changeling a true Story 44 . dr . montgomery you son 's upper front tooth be separate by a small muscle . make they sit about a eighth of a inch apart . the boy in that room have no such gap . christine do a gap like that get smaller with age ? because that 's what they will say . dr . montgomery in some case , yes , it 's possible . but the muscle between walter 's tooth prevent that from happen . they can never come together without a operation to sever the muscle , and I can tell you right now that he have never have such a operation . christine will you be willing to sign a letter say that officially ? dr . montgomery pardon my language , but ... hell , yes . he hear a os moan from the inner office . dr . montgomery sound like the anesthetic be wear off . ( start in , pause ) on the other hand , maybe I will write that letter first . give the little fella something to think about . he smile . int . classroom - morning small , with wooden desk , chalkboard , all the basic . " walter " stand in front of mrs . fox , fifty , wear severe glass and a equally severe expression . christine stand nearby . christine well ? what do you think ? be that the walter Collins that you remember ? mrs . fox if it be , he 's change enormously . ( to " walter " ) do you know who I be ? changeling a true Story 45 . " walter " you be a teacher . mrs . fox yes , but even teacher have name . what 's mine ? " walter " I do not remember . I know you , but I do not remember you name . mrs . fox my name be Mrs. Fox . now , take you seat . " walter " hesitates , then take a seat . the other kid laugh . mrs . fox I do not say take a seat . I say take you seat . you assign seat . you must know which one it be , you sit there for over a year . " walter " try another vacant seat . there be only three vacant seat in the room . more laughter from the kid . mrs . fox try again . here 's a hint : there 's only one more empty seat leave . he sit . Mrs. Fox look to christine . mrs . fox Mrs. Collins , if that 's you son , I will eat my yardstick . not only will I put that in write , I will swear to it in a court of law and in front of President calvin coolidge himself if I have to . for the first time , christine allow a hopeful smile . int . collin house - continuous the light be low . christine sit on the floor , sorting through a box contain artifact of affection : class project make by walter , tree and house and clay dog ; a heart - shape card mother 's Day card , hand - make , with I Love you , mommy carefully print on the front . she run she finger over it , trace the impression leave by he pencil . she start to cry , and a tear fall onto the pencil draw . she frantically dab at it , try to preserve it from distortion ... then set it down and cover she face , weep . dissolve to : changeling a true Story 46 . ext . CITY hall - morning ( rain ) a cold , wet knot of reporter and photographer be wait in the rain on the step to City Hall . christine sit in a car with briegleb , look at it all . superimpose : september 6 , 1928 rev . briegleb I will see you tonight at eight for my broadcast . I will leave the back door open and a light on . good luck . she nod , exit the car and walk up the step to the front of City Hall as he drive off . she stand before the press , look at they for a moment , then begin . christine good morning . my name be christine Collins . on March 10th , my nine year old son , walter Collins , disappear . a four month investigation result in a boy be bring to Los Angeles from De kalb , Illinois . they tell I , and all of you , that this boy be my son . they be wrong . ( beat ) the Los Angeles Police Department make a mistake ... a terrible mistake . the boy they find be not my son . that be the reason for the suppose " transformation . " I have letter from he dentist , he teacher and other confirm that this boy be not my son . the letter be be reprint now , and I should have they for you tomorrow . flashbulb pop , dazzle she . she compose herself . christine I have give the police department every opportunity to admit they mistake and renew the search for my son . since they have refuse to do so , I have no choice but to present my case before the public . I hope this will persuade the police to finish the job they start , and bring my son home to I . ( beat ) thank you . changeling a true Story 47 . as the reporter start to shout out question , we pan across to a beat cop who have be watch . he go quickly to a police call - box , unlock it and pick up the telephone . int . lincoln height station - day the glass door to Captain Jones ' office be close , but we can see he on the phone . finally , he hang up and come out of the office . his tone be cold but neutral ... we think this could go either way . he stop a officer . jone morelli , I want you to find the Collins woman and get she here . bring she in the back way , and have a couple of matron stand by . 1st cop yes , sir . he head off as Jones go into he office , close the door . ext . lincoln height station - rear entrance - day ( rain ) a police car pull up to the curb , and christine and " walter " emerge from the back seat . they dash through the rain to the back door , follow by the 1st cop . christine why be we use the back door ? 1st cop Captain 's order . Front 's jamme with reporter . christine be it ? she allow a moment of quiet satisfaction as she 's lead into int . station - bullpen where she 's direct to a wooden bench . a nearby clock read 3:45 . she sit , " walter " silent beside she . in the bg , the desk sergeant put a call on hold . desk sergeant hey ... anybody want to take a call from the Royal canadian mounties ? ybarra ? detective lester ybarra , thirty , good look , glance up . ybarra what would they do , lose a moose ? changeling a true Story 48 . desk sergeant they need a juvenile live here illegally deport back to Canada . he 's live with he cousin on some ranch near Riverside , in wineville . ybarra all right , I will take it , get nothing better to do .... ybarra take the call as Jones ' call from he office . jone Mrs. Collins . christine start to take " walter 's " hand when a matron appear . jone leave the boy for now . we will look after he . she hand " walter " over to the matron , then enter int . jone ' office he leave the door open and indicate for christine to sit . she do . he pace , work up to what he 's go to do . jone you have put we through quite a bit of trouble , Mrs. Collins . this situation have become a embarrassment for the entire department . christine it be not my intention to embarrass anyone . jone no , of course not . you just tell the papers we can not tell one boy from another as a compliment for the month we spend work on you case . be you try to make fool out of we ? be that it ? do you enjoy this ? christine no , of course not . I have to get you attention , I have to make you understand ... he 's not my son . he circle , close in on she . she become aware that the door be open , and he 's do this for the benefit of anyone who might be listen in . changeling a true Story 49 . jone you know what you problem be ? you want to shirk you responsibility as a mother . you enjoy be a free woman , do not you ? enjoy not have to worry about a young son . you could do what you want , go where you want , see anyone you want . but then we find you son . bring he back . and now he 's a inconvenience . that 's why you cook up this whole scheme , to try and throw he to the state , let the state raise he for you . christine that 's not true ! jone no ? even the boy say he 's you son . why would he do that ? how would he know to do that ? christine I do not know ! all I know be that he 's lie ! jone maybe so . maybe he be a liar . but that 's how he 's be train , be not it ? lying be bear in both of you . you be a liar and a troublemaker and if you ask I you have get no business walk the street of Los Angeles . christine just a minute -- jone because either you know you be lie , or you be not capable of know if you be lie or tell the truth . so which be it , Mrs. Collins ? be you a derelict mother ? or just nut ? because from where I sit , that be the only option . christine I be not go to sit here and take this -- Jones stand between she and the door . changeling a true Story 50 . jone you want to bring in expert ? doctor ? well , I can do that too . ( call os ) matron ? the door open , and a police matron enter . he look back to christine , he voice low , he anger replace by cool determination . this scene be about to take a abrupt change . jone Mrs. Collins ... do you still insist that the boy out there be not you son ? christine yes . he nod to the matron , who move to restrain she . christine wait ... what be you do ? the matron cuff christine 's hand behind she back . matron please do not struggle , mar 'am . you will only hurt yourself . a click , and the handcuffs be in place . jone ( to the matron ) you be to convey the prisoner to the Los Angeles County General Hospital psychopathic Ward . christine no ... wait , you can not -- jone ( still to matron ) make the follow entry in the book department : defendant state she have be deceive by police and other , and that they have give she a boy and try to make she think it be she son when she say it be not . ext . rear of police station ( montage ) christine be lead , in handcuffs , into a wait police van . ( vo have be take verbatim from the police report . ) changeling a true Story 51 . jone ( v.o. ) Mrs. Collins have be know to we since about March 10 , 1928 , when she report she nine - year - old son walter miss . int . van a stunne and daze christine ride in the back of the van jone ( v.o. ) the boy be go until July , 1928 . since he return , she have complain that he be still miss , and have make repeat request that he be find , say , " this be not my walter , " even though positive identification have be establish . ext . LA county general hospital - day the police van enter the hospital at 1200 North State Street . int . LA county general hospital - receiving area - day a sterile , dreary , white - on- white place where in the background , we can hear the sound of the insane cry out . the matron lead a stunne christine to the front desk . jone ( v.o. ) she suffer from paranoia , delusion of persecution , and dislocation from reality . she may be a threat to herself or other . we recommend that she be convey to the psychopathic ward for treatment and observation until she sense can be restore . the matron stop before the desk . the nurse barely look up . matron get another code twelve . nurse name ? matron Collins . christine . christine wait ... please , this be a mistake . nurse ( to matron ) certify officer ? changeling a true Story 52 . matron Captain J. J. Jones , lincoln Heights division . christine ( force calm ) please ... you have to listen to I . the police be do this to punish I . they try to force this boy on I and tell I he be my son , but it be not my son , and now they say I be crazy -- she stop , note the look exchange between the nurse and the matron . her story sound insane , even to she . she begin to realize the depth of she predicament . christine oh , god ... oh god , please , no .... nurse if you continue to struggle I will have to put you in a straitjacket . do you want that ? ( she shake head ) good . then behave yourself . ( to orderly ) code twelve . the matron turn christine over to two large male orderlies , who take she by the arm and lead she into the psycho ward . christine no , please , you have to listen to I ... wait ... please ! they force - march she down the hall , the scream of the insane grow louder , fall deeper into the nightmare . int . hospital - examining room christine be ushere into the room by a nurse . nurse take off you clothes . christine why ? nurse physical examination , body cavity search and de-louse . required for all new patient . the nurse begin put on a pair of rubber glove . changeling a true Story 53 . christine that 's not necessary -- nurse you can remove you clothes yourself , or I can have the orderly do it for you . which do you prefer ? reluctantly , christine begin to remove she clothes . int . shower room - moment later on christine's face as she stand in a spray of water and disinfectant , some come from the showerhead above , some from a hose spray on she by the nurse in bg . christine 's eye be close , try to shut out the sense of violation . nurse spread you leg . ( a beat ) wider . bite she lip , christine comply . int . hall - later wet hair plaster to she face , dress in a hospital gown , christine be lead down a long hall by the nurse . as she pass the close door , we hear woman weep , talk to themselves , cry out , scream , beat on the wall . finger poke through narrow view slit in the door . the nurse pull out a key-re and unlock one of the door . nurse Inside . christine enter -- int . hospital room - continuous bare , forbid , four white wall and a narrow slit of a window . it 's a two -person room . sitting on the other bed be another patient . nurse this be you room . the doctor 's leave for the day . he will see you in the morning . christine the morning ? but ... wait , I have get to talk to someone in authority -- nurse sorry . changeling a true Story 54 . patient my room ...no , no ... this be ... this be my room .... christine then if I could just use the phone . nurse phone privilege be earn by good behavior . you be not allow newspaper , magazine , radio , book or sharp object . this be for you own good . the nurse exit , close and lock the door . christine wait ... please ! there 's be a terrible mistake ! nothing . she 's alone with the other patient , who do not much like the noise and disturbance . patient my room . my room . they say it be my room ! christine I be sorry , I -- patient my room ! my room ! my room ! my room ! she start scream . christine cover she ear . ext . hospital - continuous we slowly pull away from the narrow window , and the sound of scream , into the late afternoon rain and grow darkness . CUT to : ext . old road - early evening a lone truck sit beside the road , hood open , steam come from the radiator . gordon northcott , thirty , thin and angular , finish work on the car as a police car approach . the detective we see earlier , ybarra , be inside . he roll down the window . ybarra Problem ? changeling a true Story 55 . gordon overheate , that 's all . she will be fine in a bit . ybarra listen , could you give I a hand ? I be try to find a place call the northcott ranch , up by wineville . as he answer , Gordon move casually to the back of the open truck to get a rag to wipe he hand . there be a gun on the floor of the trunk . Gordon pick it up inside the rag . gordon northcott ranch ...oh yeah . you be almost there . follow this west for about two , three mile . then the next right . that will bring you right to it . something go on ? ybarra just look into a juvenile matter . thanks for the help . ybarra drive away . as soon as he 's out of sight , Gordon slam the hood , run to the driver 's side and start the truck , still steaming . he drive off as fast as he can . ext . northcott ranch - evening a long , low house , stonework and brick and wood , behind a large open area cluttere with junked car . at the far end of the open area be a chicken coop , about fifteen foot long . ybarra drive up in front of the house , get out , look around . ybarra hello ? another angle - Pov shot someone be watch as ybarra move toward the main house . ybarra anybody home ? back to scene ybarra glance off to a rustling SOUND , and follow it to ext . chicken coop a few chicken inside , hold back by wire . a ax be nearby , its stain edge bury in a old wooden stump . a corner of the coop seem to have come down and be crudely repair . changeling a true Story 56 . back to scene as suddenly someone run across the dirt yard into the house , slamming the door . ybarra run to the porch , try the door . lock from the inside . he pound on the door . ybarra this be the police . I have a warrant for a minor name sanford Clark . open the door and stand aside . no reply . he brace himself and kick open the door . int . house - kitchen the door bang against the wall . fly buzz around the place . the kitchen be in shadow , but there 's no question it 's a mess . ybarra move cautiously through the kitchen . no sound except the wood creak beneath he foot as he enter int . hallway - continuous Old , musty , shadow . the tick of a old grandfather clock . there 's no one in sight . ybarra move down the hall , glance into two adjoin room . nothing . he continue into int . live room - continuous curtain draw , dark , cocoon against the outside world . ybarra make a circuit of the room , then stop at a creak of wood from a closet . he move toward it . pause . reaches for the doorknob ... as suddenly a clock chime loudly and the closet explode outward and -- -- sanford clark , 15 , run out . he slam into ybarra , knock he down . they go down in a tumble of limb , wrestle on the floor as sanford try to escape . ybarra stop it ! stop it or I will push you face through the floor ! breathe hard , sanford finally stop struggle . ybarra cuff sanford 's hand behind he back . ybarra on you foot . sanford stand , and as ybarra lead he out , we pan to a mantle and a photo that show sanford Clark and a man we recognize as the one we see by the road earlier : Gordon northcott . int . ybarra' car - moment later ybarra lock sanford in the car , then climb in the driver 's side . he check a cut on he face in the rear-view mirror . changeling a true Story 57 . ybarra Jesus ... what the hell 's wrong with you ? do not you know assault a cop be against the law ? sanford what difference do it make now ? ybarra we be just send you back to Canada , son , it be not the end of the world . sanford what ? ybarra you can not just stay in the U.S. as long as you want , pal . we have get a order to send you back home , and -- suddenly sanford start laugh . it 's a nearly hysterical laugh , half fear and half relief ... ybarra be not there for the reason he think . ybarra be puzzle by he reaction . ybarra do not know Canada be that funny . ybarra put the car into gear and drive off . ext . ST . paul' presbyterian church - night enough to establish , then : int . ST . paul be - continuous gustav briegleb sit behind the microphone , wait to go on the air . he look at the clock . 7:59 . glance to a aide . briegleb no word from Mrs. Collins ? ( aide shake head ) get on down to she house , make sure she 's all right . if she 's not there , call the lapd , see what they know . the aide hurry off as briegleb turn back to the microphone and touch a switch . the on the AIR lamp glow to life . briegleb this be pastor gustav A. briegleb of St. Paul 's presbyterian Church , bring you the Lord 's word on radio kgf . good evening . changeling a true Story 58 . int . hospital - mental ward - same time christine be in bed , wide awake , the sound of the asylum somewhat lessen now . her face be dimly light by moonlight . briegleb ( v.o. ) I have hope to have a guest with we tonight , but apparently she have be delay . since she can not be here to tell you what she tell the press this afternoon , I will fill in the best I can . I be go to tell you what happen , and I be go to keep tell you right here , every night ... until someone do something about it . on she face , we go to int . union station - ticket booth - night Gordon northcott make he way to the ticket booth . gordon I would like a ticket to Canada . alberta or Vancouver , whatever 's leave tonight . ticket vender do not have anything go that far tonight . best I can do be put you on a train for Seattle . from there you can transfer to one of the local or drive across the border . gordon that will be fine . ticket vender round-trip ? gordon one way . the vender move away to pull the ticket . Gordon glance at a cop head he way . stiffen . the cop continue past he . Gordon relax as the vender slide the ticket across . ticket vender that will be fifteen dollar . Gordon pay for the ticket and head toward the board gate . dissolve to : changeling a true Story 59 . ext . hospital - morning just enough to establish the transition . int . hospital room - morning christine be on top of the bed , eye open , not have sleep all night . she 's stare at the woman on the next cot . the woman be stare back at she . the second -hand on a clock behind protective chicken - wire pass 8:00 and a loud bell go off , announce the start of the day . we hear door be unlock up and down the hall . christine stand , pull she hair back , and catch she reflection in the window : pale , draw , smudge , and in a hospital gown ... look like someone who actually belong in this place . the door open and she step into the hall as a nurse pass . christine can I see the doctor ? or someone in charge -- nurse Breakfast be half a hour . christine but I -- nurse down the hall . the doctor will call for you when he 's ready . ( beat ) go or stay , either way I lock the door . christine do not want to stay , so she move off . int . hospital - mental ward - dine area - morning christine and the other patient sit at long table . a few talk in quiet whisper , but most eat silently , stare vacantly ahead . some have scar show lobotomy or electro - convulsive ( shock ) therapy . it 's a scary bunch . christine be not eat . another female patient , carol dexter , thirty , watch christine then slide closer . a beat , then : carol dexter you should eat . eat be normal . you get to do everything you can to look normal . that 's the only chance you have get . besides , you will need the strength . changeling a true Story 60 . christine be startle by the level - headedness of the advice from someone she assume be probably nut . reluctantly , she begin eat the cold - look oatmeal . carol dexter my name 's Carol dexter . what 's yours ? christine christine . christine Collins . christine react to the taste of the food , which be awful . carol dexter finish it all . I know it 's hard , but you have to try . lunch be not as bad . Close , but not as -- christine I will not be here that long . as soon as I can talk to a doctor , they will realize there 's be a terrible mistake and -- carol dexter yeah , that always work . ( beat , quieter ) I hear they talk . you be here on a code twelve , police action . the doctor , the staff , they figure that if the police send you here , there must be a good reason for it . christine then I will just have to prove that I be not insane . carol dexter yeah ? how ? the more you try to act sane , the crazier you start to look . if you smile too much , you be delusional or stifling hysteria . if you do not smile , you be depressed . if you be neutral you be emotionally withdraw and potentially catatonic . christine you seem to have give this a great deal of think . carol dexter I have . do not you get it ? you be code twelve . so be I . we be here for the same reason . ( beat ) we piss off the cop . changeling a true Story 61 . christine sit back heavily , start to understand the world more than she ever want to . carol dexter what , you think you be the only one ? ( point os ) the lady over there be marry to a cop who keep beat she up . when she try to tell somebody , they send she here . and that one ? the police beat the crap out of she brother , break both he arm . when she complain to the papers , they pick she up and ... christine what about you ? carol dexter I ... work night . ( Chris do not get it ) I mean , I work night . downtown . in some of the club . you know . it get through . hooker . christine nod . carol dexter this one client start hit I , and he would not stop . so I file a complaint . turn out he be a cop . next thing I know , I be here . christine but how can they -- carol dexter you be kid right ? hey , everybody know woman be fragile , right ? they be all emotion , no logic , nothin ' goin ' on upstairs . and sometimes , like when they say something that 's a little , y'know , inconvenient ... they just go fuck nut , pardon my french . if we be insane , nobody have to listen to we . I mean , who be you go to believe , some crazy woman try to destroy the integrity of the force , or a police officer ? then once they get we in here , we either learn to behave , and shut up , or -- ( beat ) or you do not go home ... or you go home like that . changeling a true Story 62 . she nod to a older woman whose upper temple be marre by surgical scar . lobotomize . christine turn away . carol dexter better finish up you oatmeal . want to look sane for the doctor . then I want to hear what they nail you for . numb with horror , christine force down the oatmeal . int . juvenile detention hall - day sanford Clark sit near several other juvenile be hold . pensive , nervous , he watch a kid absently tapping a ruler against he knee . feature the ruler . rising . falling . tapping . then back -- -- on sanford as we hear it continue to tap os . push in on he face . then , suddenly -- flashback -- on a hatchet , rise and fall in tune with the ruler tapping . there 's blood on the hatchet . Gordon northcott 's eye glitter insanely as he bring the hatchet down again and just as it come right at US we flash -- back to scene as sanford cry out with the memory . we pull back to see the other in the room stare at he . he turn away , will not meet they gaze . something 's terribly wrong . just then , a administrator come in . administrator Clark ... sanford Clark . sanford rise , go to the administrator . administrator paperwork 's come through . you will be deport back to Canada day after tomorrow . the police there will to decide what to do with you next . I hope you stay here have convinced you not to try crossing the border illegally in future . he start to turn and walk away when : changeling a true Story 63 . sanford wait , I ... I want to talk to the officer who bring I in . administrator I be sure he have far more important thing to do than -- sanford please . it 's important . the administrator sense that he 's sincere , and troubled . administrator he 's off - duty until tomorrow , but ... I will see what I can do . no promise . and with that , the administrator head away . ext . country road - afternoon Gordon northcott be hitch-hike by the side of the road . a truck approach , pass he ... then slow and stop . Gordon run up to the truck as the driver lean out . driver how far you go ? gordon Vancouver . driver hop in . Gordon climb into the truck and go to shove he bag under the seat ... when something metallic bang underneath . he lift out a short length of metal pipe . driver do not worry about that , pal . just a little insurance . a couple of guy try to hijack my truck a few year ago so they could run booze over the border . you can not be too safe , you know ? gordon yeah , I surely do . Gordon smile , move as if to hand the pipe back ... and suddenly slam it down on the Driver 's head ... over and over and over . blood splatter he face . breathe hard , Gordon shove the Driver out of the truck into the undergrowth then drive off . changeling a true Story 64 . int . hospital - mental ward - hallway - day wearing a bandage on one arm , christine be escort down the hall by one of the nurse . she 's lead into -- int . hospital - steele's office - continuous -- where doctor jonathan steele stand as christine enter . he 's in he fifty , heavy - set , serious . steele Mrs. Collins ... Dr. Jonathan steele . please , have a seat . the nurse leave . christine note that there be three chair in a row . could be a test . she sit in the middle chair . sit as straight as she can . try to look sane . steele I hope you stay have be comfortable so far . christine Fine . thank you . steele really ? I would think it would be quite difficult at first . christine ( catch herself ) well , it be . difficult , I mean . but comfortable . he make a note of this . she grimace . this be not go well . he motion to the bandage on she arm . steele I see they take a blood test . christine wasserman test . to check for syphilis . apparently it can affect the mind . steele the idea that someone think you should be check for syphilis ... do that upset you ? christine no . not at all . I be sure it 's ... standard procedure . she smile a force smile . try to appear level -headed . changeling a true Story 65 . steele yes. exactly . Standard procedure . we have to cover all basis , and -- christine ( cover she basis ) but ... at the same time ... I imagine that it would be ... would probably be upsetting to ... some people that someone else might ... suspect that of they . ( beat ) however inappropriate that might be . she flash another want smile . he make another note , pick up the report on he desk , glance it over . steele accord to you file , you believe the police have substitute a fake boy for you son . be that true ? christine I do not say they substitute a fake boy , just ... not the right boy . ( beat ) they bring back the wrong boy . not my son . he 's still miss . he start pull out papers from he file . steele that 's strange ... you see , I have here a newspaper article with a photo of you at the train station , welcoming you son home . that be you in the photo , be not it ? christine yes . steele so at first he be you son , but now he 's not you son . ( beat ) have this be go on for a long time ? people ... change , become something other than what they be ? christine people do not change , doctor . steele you do not think people change ? changeling a true Story 66 . christine that 's not what I -- steele and the police ... they be not out to persecute you ? christine no . of course not . steele the police be here to protect we . christine that 's right . he nod . she 's try to say what she think he want to hear . it 's a chess match that end with : steele that 's odd , because accord to the head nurse , when you be admit you accuse the police of conspire to do this deliberately , to punish you . so either she and the intern be also conspire against you ... or you be change you story . ( beat ) do you often have trouble tell reality from fantasy , Mrs. Collins ? he sit back . christine 's face tell the story . int . juvenile detention hall - day it 's raining . the administrator enter with detective ybarra . administrator I be sorry to bring you out in this weather , detective , but the boy have be quite insistent . ybarra it 's all right , I will just see what he have to say so I can go home and get dry . where be he ? administrator room seven . int . interrogation room - moment later a single table , two chair . sanford sit quietly , nervously , as ybarra hang he wet coat up on a hook . changeling a true Story 67 . ybarra it 's raining cat , dog and democrat out there , so this better be worth it . he sit across the table from sanford , light up a cigarette . sanford 's mouth work for a moment , but nothing come out . ybarra well ? sanford look , I -- this be not easy , okay ? ybarra nothing be . a long beat . sanford compose himself , begin : sanford my cousin 's Gordon northcott . he own the ranch where you find I . he let I live there in exchange for watch the place when he be go , do chore , stuff like that . Said I could stay on as long as I want to . I figure that also mean I could leave whenever I want to , but he would not let I . ybarra be you say he hold you prisoner ? ( sanford nod ) bull . when I get to the ranch you be run around free as a jaybird . could have leave any time you want . so what 's this , some kind of story to cover why you be in the country illegally ? sanford no ...no , it 's nothing like that . ybarra because I do not have time for -- sanford listen to I , please . he say -- ybarra what ? what do he -- sanford he say that if I try to leave , he would kill I ! ( more ) changeling a true Story 68 . sanford ( cont would ) you do not understand , you do not know what he 's like , what he ... what we do ... what he make I do . sanford be in tear by now . ybarra realize that there 's something real go on here , and back off . ybarra okay , let start at the beginning . what do he make you do ? sanford close he eye . take a long beat . finally .... sanford him and I ... I and Gordon , we ... ( beat , softly ) ... we kill some kid . ybarra freeze , the cigarette not move in he hand . sanford I do not mean to , I swear ... he make I help he , say if I do not he would kill I , too . please , you gotta help I ... I be scared ... I do not want to go to Hell for kill kid . ybarra what kid ? sanford I do not know ... I never know they name . ybarra how many kid ? sanford all together ? he think about it for a moment . the fact that he have to add they all up be almost as chill as what follow next . sanford about ... twenty , I guess . ybarra you be lie . sanford no , it 's true , I swear ! ybarra twenty kid . changeling a true Story 69 . sanford yeah ... thereabout ... I kinda stop count after a while , and Gordon say one or two might have get away , but -- ybarra nobody can just up and kill twenty kid -- sanford we do ... yeah , we do that .... ybarra how ? sanford look off , pause , then , softly and slowly .... sanford most time we would bring back just one or two ... sometimes as many as three . ext . northcott ranch - flashback - day Gordon be at he truck , the same one we see earlier , check the engine as sanford look on nervously . sanford ( v.o. ) I always know when he be get ready ' cause he would go through the car and clean it up , make sure the tire be good , the engine ... he be always afraid something would break down and we would be catch . Gordon slam the hood shut , look to sanford . smile . gordon time to go . ext . STREET - day a kid be walk down the street , play idly , by himself , as the truck start to approach from behind . sanford ( v.o. ) we would go a different direction every time , never hit the same part of town twice . sometimes we would go for hour , just drive around , until we find somebody . the truck come beside the kid and Gordon lean out the window . changeling a true Story 70 . sanford ( v.o. ) he would use all kind of different storey . sometimes he would say he have free ticket for the circus , or he be look for a lose dog ... that one work real good . other day -- gordon there you be , we have be look for you like mad . flash - image : to a different kid , a different street . kid you have ? gordon sure thing . you folk , they get in a accident . they send we to find you . they be hurt real bad . the police take them to the hospital , but they do not have time to come find you , so we say we would do it . now come on , hurry ... we gotta get to the hospital , see you folk . flash - image : yet another kid , who hesitates , look to sanford . sanford ( v.o. ) a lot of kid will not get in a car alone with a stranger , but when he 's get a kid there with he , that make it easier . ( beat ) they would look to I , and figure if I be safe , they would be too . that 's why he need I , see ? sanford it 's okay . come on in . flash - image : back to the first kid , who take one last beat , then get into the car . sanford ( v.o. ) every time they get in the truck , it be like I want to die . gordon good boy ! now hold on , it 's a long drive and we gotta fly . and the truck head off . changeling a true Story 71 . sanford ( v.o. ) then , as soon as we get back to the ranch ... they go in the coop . ext . northcott ranch - chicken coop - night the boy , cry , be toss into the chicken coop . there be two other boy there , also cry and scream . sanford ( v.o. ) some day he would do them right off . other day , he would wait , pick up a few more , keep them in the coop until he have like four or five , ' cause -- ( beat ) -- ' cause he like to hear them scream all at once . like they be some kinda chorus . and then .... quick image Gordon , eye insane with blood lust , stumble toward the coop . sanford ( v.o. ) ... and then .... the kid , scream . sanford look on , afraid to move , the single overhead light in the coop swinging wildly . Gordon grab a ax . raising it . on sanford 's eye , terrify . the ax begin to fall in slow motion and -- back to scene -- as the long ash at the end of ybarra 's cigarette , tumble to the floor in slow motion , end over end , shatter when it hit the floor and bring we back to full speed . sanford sometimes ... sometimes he would leave one or two of them alive ... barely anyway ... and tell I ... finish them . finish them ...or I will finish you . ( beat ) and I do ... I do ...oh god ...oh , sweet Jesus ... I kill them ... I kill them ... I kill them .... then : silence , except for sanford 's sobbing . ybarra realize he have not be breathe . he try to find he voice . changeling a true Story 72 . ybarra this ...uhm ... this kid ... do you think ... if you see they again , do you think you would recognize they ? ( sanford nod ) just a second . he go to he coat and pull out a batch of photo of miss kid bound with a rubber band . hand it to sanford . ybarra I have not update this in a while , but still , it should be .... ( beat ) just go through ... and if you see any face you recognize , put it on the table . sanford take the photo . start go through they . a photo , a face , go down on the table . then another . a third . with each photo slap down the slap get louder , booming at we . another photo . another . row after row . he 's cry , sobbing , but still put down photo . then he slam down the last one and half - fall , half - stumble out of he chair , sobbing ... go to the corner of the room and slide down the wall until he 's sit in a fetal position , hand cover he face . sob uncontrollably . numb , ybarra go to the table , pick up a photo . look at it . turn it over to the name , then pick up another . then a third . when he pick up the fourth photo and turn it over , he stop , stare at it . ybarra ... shit .... the name on the back of the photo be walter collin . jone ( v.o. ) he 's lie . int . jone ' office - day Jones be on the phone , piss and get more piss by the moment . intercut between Jones and ybarra in juvenile hall during the conversation . jone have you go soft in the head , Les ? ybarra Sir , I -- changeling a true Story 73 . jone he 's play you ! he know he 's in trouble , so he 's come up with some cock and bull story about how he be force to stay in the country -- ybarra with all due respect , sir , I do not think so . you do not see he , the kid 's scared half out of he mind -- jone he pick the Collins kid ! we find he , remember ? have not you be read the papers ? ( beat ) or maybe you have , be that it ? he backhand a newspaper on he desk , headline distraught mother claim police return wrong child . ybarra Sir , if you would just listen -- just then a secretary stick she head in the doorway . secretary I be sorry , captain , but he 's here again ... that reverend , briegleb . he 's ask about christine Collins . jone tell the sonofabitch to get the hell off police property before I have he arrest for disturbing the peace . secretary I try . he say he 's not leave ... he , or he friend . there 's a disturbance off -screen and she go to deal with it as Jones get further wound up to ninety . jone what the hell ...? he 's draw to the window by the sound of voice . he peek through the slat . several dozen placard - carry parishioner and member of the woman 's temperance League be stand in the street , beat drum and call christine 's name . jone Jesus jump down .... he realize he 's still on the phone . changeling a true Story 74 . jone ybarra ? listen . you be not to do anything except come back here . ybarra Sir , department policy require that all allegation of homicide have to be investigate . and this be kid , for chrissake -- jone departmental policy be what I say it be , you get that ? now I be order you to get you ass back here with that kid , you get that ? you bring he here and you talk to no one , get it ? nobody ! he slam the phone down . CUT back to -- -- ybarra in juvenile hall , agonizing over this . finally , he voice resign , he look into the interrogation room . ybarra all right , let 's go . int . police station - hallway - moment later Jones have come out into the hall , where briegleb , several supporter and a handful of reporter be stand at the receive officer 's desk . they approach quickly . briegleb be you Captain Jones ? jone I be . briegleb what the hell have you do with christine Collins ? do not try and lie you way out of it . I talk to several neighbor who see she be drive off in a police car . jone Mrs. Collins have be place in protective custody follow a mental breakdown . briegleb a what ?! changeling a true Story 75 . jone her statement and behavior have be find to be consistent with a delusional state of mind that could make she a danger to herself or other . in the public interest , we be look after she son while she get the help she clearly need . briegleb where ? jone sorry , we be withhold that information to respect the privacy of the family . but I can assure you that she 's get the best treatment available . that 's all . he head back the way he come as the other shout question after he , hold back by other police officer . int . hospital - mental ward - day room - afternoon patient be be corral into a line that extend to a bar window where a nurse be dispense pill . voice on PA line - up for medication . line up for medication .... christine be nudge forward by a orderly , Carol beside she . orderly go on . move up . christine what for ? orderly medication . christine what kind of medication ? orderly the kind that 's good for you . help you relax . she 's nudge to the window , where a nurse hand out a pill and water . christine I do not want to relax ... I be fine , and I will not take something unless I know what it be ! changeling a true Story 76 . nurse orderly -- christine just listen -- nurse -- we can force - feed it to you if that 's what you want . christine see Dr. steele , break away and rush to he . christine Doctor ... Doctor steele -- steele I hear . christine I do not know what 's go on , but I be not take anything until -- steele I understand . come with I . he move off into a adjoin room . Carol dexter , next in line , take she pill ... but keep a eye on christine . int . hospital - steele's office - continuous he go to he desk as she stand in the doorway . christine I do not have anything wrong with I that I should have to take medication . steele there 's nothing wrong with you . christine that 's right . steele you be fine . christine yes . he pull a type letter out of he desk , slide it across . steele then you should not have any trouble signing this . she pick it up , read as he continue : changeling a true Story 77 . steele by signing , you certify that you be wrong when you state the boy return by the police be not you son . it further stipulate that the police act properly in send you here for observation and absolve they of all responsibility for -- christine I will not sign it . steele then you condition be not improve . ( beat ) sign it , and you can be out of here first thing tomorrow . christine I will not sign it ! she tear up the sheet of paper . christine I be not wrong ! that boy be not my son ! and I be not go to stop tell the truth about this ! and you be not go to stop I , and the police be not go to stop I -- steele Mrs. Collins , you be become agitate . christine -- I will tear down the wall of this place with my bare hand if I have to , but one way or another -- steele orderly ! a orderly appear in the doorway . steele the patient be disturb , hyperactive and be threaten the staff . see to it she be properly sedate . christine no ! she burst past the orderly , run into changeling a true Story 78 . int . hospital - mental ward - hallway - continuous run , pursue by orderly , two more block she way . christine no , I will not let you ! someone , please , help I ! they tackle she and bring she down . she struggle as the other look on , and you can see in they eye that they do not like what they be see , there 's rage -- -- and a furious Carol dexter come to she aid . she jump into the struggle . bite . kick . scratch . steele come on the run just as the orderly peel Carol off the fight , spin she around to face steele , who slap she . steele stay out of this ! this be none of you business ! ( to the rest ) this be police business ! you will stay out of it if you know what 's good for you ! he look to Carol , christine restrain behind they . steele you would think you have enough trouble with the law just be a whore , would not you ? he smile . she get a hand free and slug he , hard , a nail slice he cheek . he touch he face . it come back with blood . then he look to the orderly . steele attack a staff member . room eighteen . electro-convulsive therapy . the orderly haul Carol off , kick and scream , as christine be move toward the nurse 's station . christine Carol ! no , leave she alone ! what be you -- they force a pill in she mouth , follow with water as they hold she nose , force she to swallow . she choke , swallow . they march she down the hall as steele return to he office . christine Carol ....! changeling a true Story 79 . int . room eighteen - continuous the electro-shock room . Carol struggle against the orderly who force she down onto the gurney . a nurse behind she apply conductor jelly to she temple as another orderly shove a rubber bite - guard into she mouth . then a pair of metal pincer , point cover in cloth , be press against she temple . a button be push ... and she body go rigid as a jolt of electricity blast through she body . ( this be , remember , fairly common practice for violent behavior in the 1920 . ) then she pass out , she eye roll up in she head . int . hospital room - moment later christine be peer out the narrow slot in she door as she see Carol be wheeled down the hall and put into she bed . christine , sobbing , collapse slowly to the floor , catch in a nightmare and unable to wake up . dissolve to : int . police station - day detective ybarra be sit at he desk , not happy about a lot of he life at this moment . he 's turn over the photo of the miss kid identify by sanford Clark and arrange they on he desk the way you might arrange card , play solitaire . he look up -- -- to see sanford be lead out of one of the hold area , hand cuffed , clothes in he hand . be transfer to a wait bus . the two exchange a look . ybarra look away . sanford continue toward the bus . finally , in agony , ybarra can not take it any more . he rise , go to the officer stand by the door to the bus . ybarra it 's all right , I will take it from here . officer but -- ybarra we need he for question . come on .... he lead sanford away , then stop two pass officer . changeling a true Story 80 . ybarra you two ... you have just be requisition for backup . I will explain on the way . he hurry off . the officer follow , not sure what 's up . int . hospital room - evening christine sit beside Carol 's bed . she 's awake but daze . christine dab a wet cloth against she forehead . christine you should not have do that . carol dexter ( with difficulty ) want ...to. felt ...good . Carol take she hand , hold it . carol dexter I lose ... two baby ... to back alley doctor ... no choice .... ( beat ) never have ... the chance ... to fight for they . you do . do not stop . christine I will not ... I will not . carol dexter fuck they ... and the horse ... they ride in on . christine manage a thin smile , despite she tear . christine that 's hardly appropriate language for a lady , now be it ? carol dexter Hell , yeah ... there be time ... that 's exactly the right thing to say . christine and when 's that ? carol dexter when you have get ... nothing leave to lose . christine touch she face , and we know she 's hear this . dissolve to : changeling a true Story 81 . ext . northcott ranch - evening two squad car pull up to the ranch . ybarra and the other officer get out , gun up , not know if Gordon be still there or not . superimpose : september 12 , 1928 they move quickly through the area , check the house . everything 's dark , silent . one officer run into the house , there 's a long pause ... then he poke he head out again . officer all clear . ybarra go back to the car , open the door . sanford emerge . ybarra all right . show I . sanford hesitates , then start toward a nearby barn . int . barn - continuous he slide the door open and walk to the far end . the dirt here be a strange white - yellow color . ybarra follow , still keep a wary eye out for trouble . he look down at where sanford have stop . several bag mark lye be nearby . ybarra this it ? you be sure ? sanford nod . ybarra edge toward a shovel , hand it to he . ybarra dig. ( off sanford 's look ) you put them in the ground , you can take them out of the ground . go on . sanford take the shovel and start cut out section of dirt and lye , dust rise around they . ybarra watch , pensively , as the other officer edge they way in . he 's look the other way when one of the officer react : officer Holy god .... ybarra glance back ... to see a child 's shoe be unearth . and beside it ... bone . and then ... a skull . ybarra call it in ... get the coroner and every officer in a twenty mile radius here inside the hour . ( more ) changeling a true Story 82 . ybarra ( cont would ) then put out a apb on Gordon Stewart northcott , the info be in my car . go on .... the officer race out of the barn as ybarra look to sanford , who be still digging , cry as he go . ybarra you can stop now , son . ( he do not ) you can stop now . it 's over . we can take it from here . it 's over . sob , sanford drop the shovel and collapse on the ground , hand cover he face , cry in great , heaving sob . dissolve to : int . hospital - mental ward - hallway - morning the patient be line up outside they room for inspection . steele pass down they in review . stop in front of christine , who look exhaust , wear , pale , she eye bloodshot ... but still defiant . he glance to the orderly . steele privacy , please . the orderly move all of the other patient away , except for christine , who share a glance with Carol . several other orderly remain . he glance at she chart in he hand . steele I see you have still be refuse medication , require force - feed . I see they switch to a rubber tube . I hear that can quite uncomfortable . she do not answer . her eye never leave he . he pull another copy of the letter out of the folder . steele six day , Mrs. Collins , and no progress . we may have to go to more ... strenuous therapy . ( beat ) unless you be willing to prove you be do better ... by signing this . he hold it up in front of she . she focus first on it , then on he ... and finally , she spine where it need to be even if the rest of she be in shamble , look at he and say : changeling a true Story 83 . christine fuck you .... and the horse ... you ride in on . he nod , shrug , put the letter back in the folder . turn to the orderly . steele room eighteen . they grab she and start muscle she down the hall , christine kick and scream as they go . steele continue out to int . hospital - receiving area - moment later where he come through the double - bar door just as gustav briegleb charge in the front door , carry a newspaper . briegleb I want to talk to somebody in charge ! right now ! nurse Sir , please -- briegleb who' in charge here ! steele approach . steele I be head doctor on duty . what 's the problem ? briegleb you the doctor who 's get christine Collins lock up in here ? intercut with : int . room eighteen - continuous they wheel christine into the room , struggle , fight against the strap that pin she to the gurney . int . hospital - receiving area - continuous steele turn away from briegleb , unconcern . steele sorry , we do not discuss we case with anyone other than family -- briegleb you will damned well discuss this one with I ! changeling a true Story 84 . steele Sir -- briegleb thrust the newspaper into steele 's hand . briegleb read it ! read it , damn you ! steele unfold the paper , look at the headline , which we do not see . his reaction , though , be ominous and serious . int . room eighteen - continuous the nurse behind christine apply the conductor jell to she temple . she 's fight the best she can , but it 's hopeless . the nurse pick up the electro-shock pincer . place they on christine 's temple . reaches for the button -- -- as suddenly the door open , and a nurse step in , stop the process . the nurse go to the one at the control , whisper in she ear . the nurse then say something quietly to the orderly , who start to undo the strap that hold christine to the gurney . nurse the doctor want to see you . they pull she up off the gurney . int . hospital - steele's office - moment later christine be ushere inside , where steele be wait . he look upset about something . steele Mrs. Collins . she force herself to stand straight , not easy give what she 's just be through . he approach . steele one last time . be you , or be you not , prepare to sign that letter ? she look up into he face , she resolve unshaken , she voice dry but firm for : christine no . he study she for one last beat , then turn he back . steele you be free to go . changeling a true Story 85 . christine take a moment to process this ... not sure if she hear this right , or if it 's a trick . christine ... what ? steele you clothes be in the next room . you can change there . she hesitates a second , look to the orderly , be careful in case this be a set -up . christine next door . steele that 's right . ( to the orderly ) see to it . the orderly nod . she take one last look around , then get the hell out of the room . alone , steele pick up the newspaper that have be lay face - down on he desk , look at it , and shake he head . steele Christ .... int . hospital - mental ward - day room - moment later Carol be there as christine , now in she regular clothes , come dash in . Carol see she , go to she . carol dexter you be get out ? christine I be out . carol dexter how -- christine I do not know ... but I could not go without say goodbye -- carol dexter christine , do not be stupid , get out of here fast in case they change they mind . christine I will ... but I want you to know : once I have my boy back , I be come ( more ) changeling a true Story 86 . christine ( cont would ) back here ... for you , and the other . this be wrong , and we can stop it -- carol dexter you be crazy . christine watch I . they hug . christine break the hug , and hurry away as Carol look on , cry . int . hospital - receiving area - moment later christine come to the area where she be check in . no one be look at she . she pass the nurse 's station and head toward the door . open it . Fresh air come in . freedom . she step out the front door as -- -- a moment later , briegleb pass through the hallway with a admission official , have not see she . briegleb you give I every piece of paper you have get on this case , you hear I ? every piece ! the official move on , nervous , as briegleb look to the receive nurse . briegleb when do she come down ? before she can answer , we jump out to ext . STREET - continuous where christine walk among the sidewalk traffic . free. vindicate . she start to pass a news -stand , where a news vendor be call out headline , peddle papers . news vendor Hurricane hit West Palm Beach ! Babe Ruth hit 53rd home run ! kid find murder in Riverside ! the last line stop christine ... just a bad sense that grow as she turn to the news vendor , who keep on go . news vendor biggest crime in Los Angeles History ! ( beat ) Collins Boy assume Dead on ranch ! changeling a true Story 87 . christine 's knee buckle as she hear this . she start to go down as briegleb run toward she from the hospital . rev . briegleb Mrs. Collins ... christine ...! christine no...god ...no .... and she collapse into he arm , sobbing uncontrollably , as passer - by glance over at she ... and continue walk . rev . briegleb I be sorry ... I do not want you to find out like this ... I be sorry ... I be sorry .... but they be just word . she do not hear they . int . police station - hallway - day Captain Jones be pace nervously in the hallway for a long beat when another officer step out of a office with a brass nameplate that read chief of police jame E davis . officer the chief will see you now . Jones straighten he tie and step into int . chief davis ' office - continuous lot of dark wood and filter light . Davis be sit at he desk , look at a series of newspaper in front of he as Jones step up and stand before the desk . davis I do not know if you be aware of it , Captain , but I have a exceptionally good vocabulary . I be a terror at scrabble , crossword puzzle , but even I be in awe of the vocabulary that the press and the city council have be exercise in reference to this department courtesy of the christine Collins ... incident . ( scan papers ) incompetent . cowardly . bully . reprehensible . mendacious and invidious ... that two courtesy of that prick gustav briegleb . bonus word in scrabble , both of they . especially invidious . hard to work that one into a conversation . but he manage it , all right . changeling a true Story 88 . jone Sir , I -- davis the key , of course , be the context in which word like this get use . you have to do that in scrabble , you know , when somebody challenge a word ... show how it 's use in a sentence . so " incompetent , " as in -- ( read ) " a department so incompetent that they never realize that up to twenty child be be kidnap and murder under they very nose . " ( look over ) and here : " so incompetent that they insisted they know better than a mother the identity of she own child , force he upon she , and then incarcerate she when she confront they with evidence of they own reprehensible behavior . " that be a two -fer . incompetent and reprehensible in the same sentence . guy must be a real terror at crossword puzzle . Davis get up and cross the room , look out through the slatted window at the busy Los Angeles street outside . davis Captain , you handle of the Collins case have expose this department to public ridicule . there be even the potential for civil and criminal liability . jone Sir , nobody could have know what be go on up at that ranch . not we , not the sheriff 's Department , the Marshall 's Office ... as for the Collins woman .... ( beat ) I be still not convinced that she kid be among the victim up in wineville . davis no ? jone no , sir. ( more ) changeling a true Story 89 . jone ( cont would ) there be four other photo of miss boy that look a lot like he ... this Clark kid could have be mistaken . davis maybe he be ... which raise the obvious question : so what ? jone Sir ? Davis turn back to he from the window . davis the Mayor want this to go away . I want this to go away . the way you do that be to stop insist that walter Collins be not among that kid kill up at that goddamn ranch . because if the boy you bring back be not walter Collins , and he 's not dead up at that ranch , then where the hell be he ? people will want to know why we have not find he . why we be not we do we job . ( beat ) but if , on the other hand , he be , or could be among that poor boy kill up in wineville ... then the inquiry stop . it 's a momentary embarrassment that you will have to live with ... but better a short inconvenience than a linger problem , would not you say , Captain ? Jones do not like it , but he swallow he pride . nod . jone yes , sir . davis the boy 's be go for nearly a year . if he be go to be find , it would have happen by now . whether he be up at that ranch or not , the truth be he probably be dead somewhere . better he mother accept that now rather than later , do not you think ? jone yes , sir . changeling a true Story 90 . davis good . that will be all , Captain . Jones start to leave , then look back as Davis settles back behind he desk . jone Sir , there 's talk of a investigation by the police commission . davis let I worry about the commission . but it would not hurt to find out just who the fuck that kid be you bring back from De kalb and why he do this , because the press buy into he bullshit same as we do . that we be all take in by the scheme little bastard may help take some of the sting off this . jone my boy be work on it now , sir . and he exit as we go to int . interrogation room - day detective ybarra be sit on one side of a table , a notepad in front of he , stare across at " walter , " who be not very happy right now , and be stare back with substantial venom . his true , nasty personality be free to come out at last . there 's a long beat , then : " walter " I want a glass of water . ybarra tough . " walter " ( mock ) " tough ! " ybarra what 's you name ? " walter " walter Collins . ybarra walter Collins be dead . " walter " ( shrug ) I do not do it . changeling a true Story 91 . ybarra look , let I explain something to you . because of you lie , you have ruin a woman 's life embarrassed the police department , and get the whole city up in arm over this . " walter " consider this for a beat , then smile . " walter " get a lot do , do not I ? ybarra exchange a look with the matron , then close up he notepad . ybarra all right , if that 's how you want it , then I guess we be do here . ( to matron ) tell County jail we be remand he for trial . " walter " wait ... what 's remand ? what trial ? ybarra I tell you , the real walter Collins be murder . " walter " so ? I do not do anything ! I be not even here when it happen ! ybarra by pretend to be walter Collins , you be interfere in a police investigation of a kidnap and murder . we can try you as a accomplice to murder after the fact . ( beat ) too bad . County jail be a lot worse than juvenile hall or a foster home . a lot worse . " walter " you can not do that ... I be just a kid ! ybarra sanford Clark be a kid , too . Fifteen . but he 's go to jail . all murderer and they accomplice go to jail . everyone know that . ( to the matron ) get he out of here . it 's out of my hand now . changeling a true Story 92 . he head for the door when " walter " cry out , scared . " walter " wait ! I do not want to go to jail . ybarra prove it . and on the boy 's face , we hear : ybarra ( v.o. ) Arthur hutchin . int . jone ' office - moment later ybarra be stand in the doorway to Jones ' office , speak to the Captain and look at he notepad . ybarra the boy 's real name be Arthur hutchin junior , age twelve , a runaway from Cedar rapid , Iowa . jone do you check the wire service ? ybarra hold up a miss person sheet . ybarra check out . the report be file by he divorced mother , who life in Clinton , Iowa with the boy 's grandmother . apparently he do not like live with the old lady , she do not let he get away with the stuff he usually get away with , and one day ... he up and leave . jone what about the man he show up with at the diner ? ybarra just some drifter . the boy be hungry , run into this guy who say he know how to get some food and not have to pay for it . only when they finish , he leave the kid behind while he cut out . when the police pick he up , they start go through the wire report about miss kid -- jone and he overhear they say the name walter Collins . changeling a true Story 93 . ybarra bingo . jone but why that one ? I mean , of all the police department he could have screw up , why Los Angeles ? ybarra I ask he the same question . int . interrogation room - flashback moment earlier . pushing in on " walter " for : " walter " I ... I know that Los Angeles be where they make the Tom mix movie . I figure maybe I could meet Tom mix . maybe he would even let I ride he horse . ( beat ) his horse be name Blue . do you know that ? dissolve to : int . ST . paul' church - rectory - day christine be in a bed in a small room in the rectory , a tray beside she , still recover from she experience . briegleb enter and approach a nearby chair . briegleb how be you feel ? christine a little better , thanks . the sleep help . anything new outside ? briegleb nothing that can not wait until you be stronger . the police still have a car park outside . they want to know what you next move be . christine I want to go home . briegleb and then ? she take a beat , then slowly , gingerly get out of bed . changeling a true Story 94 . christine I have be give that a great deal of think ever since I get out of that ... place . all that woman , and what they do about walter .... ( beat ) they be go to just keep on do it , be not they ? nothing 's go to change ... unless we make it change . she glance out the window , to the police car park across the street . christine I use to tell walter , " never start a fight ... but always finish it . " I do not start this fight ... but by god I be go to finish it . briegleb it 's dangerous , and you have already be through a great deal , Mrs. Collins . right now you be sufficiently high - profile that the police will hesitate to come after you out in the open ... but if they see they position threaten , that could change quickly . ( beat ) you life could be in danger . she take a beat , then turn to he from the window . christine " always finish it . always . " ext . row house - vancouver - evening a series of red-brick rowhouse line a quiet street . we see couple walk , hand in hand , kid play ... then we notice Gordon northcott come around the corner . he look around , then cut across a yard , jump over a fence to get to int . row house - live room - evening where rachel clark , 30 , be do dish as the doorbell ring . rachel clark just a minute .... she open the door and find Gordon northcott stand outside . gordon hi , sis . there 's a flicker of a pause ... be she expect he ? changeling a true Story 95 . rachel clark Gordon ... I do not know you be back in town . gordon get in a couple of day ago , figure I would surprise you . that okay ? rachel clark yes ...yes , of course . come on in . she step aside as he enter , look around . gordon where 's that little niece of mine ? rachel clark she ... go into town . should be back this evening . Bob 's here -- gordon good . need to talk to he about stay on for a few day . rachel clark stay -- gordon listen , can I use you bathroom ? it 's be a long ride and I could use a shower . rachel clark of course . he pass she and head upstairs . she step to the back of the house , where she husband , bob , be come in through the back , wiping engine grease off he hand with a towel . bob be that -- ( she nod , scared ) go next door . I will call the police . hurry . she rush past he into the other room to do just that . int . rowhouse - bathroom - later Gordon be toweling off he hair when he hear a car door slam shut . then another . he peer out the window . several Royal canadian mounted Police car have pull up along the street . mounties be get out , move quietly toward the house . changeling a true Story 96 . int . live room - night Bob quietly let the mounties in . they signal for Bob to get the hell out of there . gun in hand , they climb the stair . suddenly there 's the SOUND of break glass from above . they race up the stair to find the window break , and Gordon flee across a adjoin rooftop . mountie go around the other side ! cut he off ! the other take off as he and another mountie climb through the break window in pursuit of northcott . ext . rowhouse - night Gordon race up one rooftop , over the top , then leap to the next one as , below , mounties race to keep up with he , whistle blow furiously . he look behind he to see the other two mounties run rooftop to rooftop , come fast . Gordon run faster , go at angle to put more distance between himself and the police on the ground ... and make increasingly more difficult and dangerous leap from rooftop to rooftop . he leap across one chasm , barely make it , keep run . the rooftop mounties follow . one of they make the jump successfully , but the other fall short , plummete to the ground three storey below . a leg snap on impact . the first mountie hesitates , look down . the second one wave he on . second mountie go on ! get the bastard ! he nod and continue the chase . Gordon run for all he 's worth . the mountie keep after he . Gordon make another leap . the mountie jump ... but he 's short . he grab onto a rain gutter . Gordon see he situation , run back , and stomp on the mountie 's hand , try to get he to shake loose . the gutter start to tear free -- -- when a mountie down below fire at Gordon , make he back off . the mountie cling to the gutter start to fall , then grab a nearby pipe and crawl up to the roof . keeps come . Gordon keep run ... but come to a chasm too wide to be jump . he hesitates , start to cut back in another direction -- -- when the mountie tackle he hard . the two go down in a tangle of limb , fight , punch , kick . changeling a true Story 97 . they slide down the steeply angle roof and barely avoid go over the edge . with nowhere else to run , Gordon fight for all he 's get , the punch from both come fast and furious . finally , the mountie back off just a bit -- mountie screw this ... I be too old for this fightin ' shit .... -- and dive at Gordon , take they both off the edge of the two-story roof and down into -- -- a garden below , crashing through carefully manicure flower and tree to land with a thud , the mountie 's impact cushion by Gordon . as the other mounties come on the run , the first one stagger to he foot and yank up a bruise , bleed but otherwise intact Gordon . look at he nose - to-nose . mountie you ... be under ... arrest ! and he yank Gordon toward the other wait officer . int . christine's house - day christine open the door to find reverend briegleb and another man on she porch , S. S. hahn , late fifty . briegleb Mrs. Collins , I want you to meet a friend of mine , Mr. hahn . christine hello . hahn Mrs. Collins . my deep condolence on you loss . rev . briegleb can we come in ? christine yes ... of course . she step aside to let they in , close the door under : christine Mr. hahn , be it ? hahn yes . changeling a true Story 98 . christine I appreciate the sentiment , but so far they still have not positively identify any of the ...remain ... as walter 's . hahn but he be identify , be he not ? christine yes , but ... I guess I still can not accept it . it do not feel real to I . hahn it never do . I lose a daughter to polio five year ago . there 's not a day go by I do not think , I should mention this to claudine ... then I remember she 's not here . christine I be sorry . please , sit . they do as christine look to briegleb . christine I have be on the phone all day with the appointment secretary for the police commission . they will not let I testify at the hearing , or call witness . they say it 's not necessary . rev . briegleb I know . my source tell I the police commission be go to come out with a report that whitewash the whole thing . they be go to say that Jones and the rest of the lapd do absolutely nothing wrong , that the real blame be with the kid ... and with you , for be difficult and force they to put you away for you own safety . christine then we will just have to hire a lawyer ... bring a civil suit and try to get the City Council to call for a hearing by the Welfare board . rev . briegleb jut one problem . ( more ) changeling a true Story 99 . rev . briegleb ( cont would ) not one lawyer outside this room be willing to take on the Police Department . too risky , they say . so finally I go to the very best attorney in town , a man who 's sue the city four time and win . unfortunately , we could never afford to hire he . christine ( crestfallen ) I see .... hahn which be why I be do this pro bono . ( a smile ) it would be my honor to defend you honor , Mrs. Collins . in my fifteen year as a lawyer , I have never see anyone fight as long or as hard as you have , in what be so clearly in the cause of justice . rev . briegleb now I want you to tell Mr. hahn here the whole story , from end to end , leave nothing out , he will need it all if he 's go to get the City Council involved . christine of course . one thing , though . a personal favor . when we have finish here today , could you spare a few minute to come with I downtown . hahn of course . where downtown ? int . LA county general hospital - mental ward - day hahn march into the receive area with christine Collins and briegleb . he go to the receive nurse . nurse yes ? May I -- she see christine Collins and the sentence die midway . hahn pull out a handful of papers . hahn my name be S. S. ( more ) changeling a true Story 100 . hahn ( cont would ) hahn , and I have a court order for the immediate release of all woman be detain in this institution under the designation code twelve pend a formal inquiry into the reason for they detainment . nurse I be sorry , but the doctor in charge will not be in until tomorrow morning and -- hahn let I be clearer . either you open that door and produce the people name in that court order , or you will find yourself on the other side of that bar ... without a key . the nurse exchange a sour look with christine and head off . ext . hospital - day one by one , the code twelve patient be bring out of the hospital and into the light . one of the last to emerge be Carol dexter , who blink against the light , and see christine . she run to she , embrace she , sobbing . carol dexter I know you would come ... I know you would come back ... I know you would come .... christine it 's all right ... everything 's go to be all right now .... and in christine 's face , we see a flicker of pride and one simple truth : if she could not save she son , she could at least save this woman . as they move toward she , hahn and briegleb , we hear a train whistle that segues we into ext . union station - train platform - day Gordon northcott , handcuff , be lead out of a train by several officer . the wait PRESS rush toward he . he seem to enjoy the attention . among the shout question we hear : reporter Mr. northcott , any comment on you arrest ? gordon I be feel fine . ( more ) changeling a true Story 101 . gordon ( cont would ) I have be on a little vacation , as some of you know . it be a pleasant vacation , and the police have certainly provide I with a lot of amusement . reporter how do you avoid capture ? gordon well , I do not , do I ? do not know anyone want I until just recently . do not even try . my luggage still have my initial on it . another reporter do you know why the police be after you ? gordon no , but I figure it would be best if I stay out of it . reporter anything to say to the parent of the child you murder ? gordon no comment . and on that the police hustle Gordon away . int . chief davis ' office - day Davis be fill out paperwork as the door open . he look up as los angele mayor GEORGE cryer enter , close the door after he again . davis Mayor cryer ... this be unexpected . cryer so be this . he drop a series of court document on Davis ' desk . he pick they up , examine they . cryer subpoenas , request for deposition , interrogatory ... all courtesy of Mr. hahn and he new client , christine Collins . ( more ) changeling a true Story 102 . cryer ( cont would ) you do not have to look they over too closely , Chief , you own copy should be arrive any time now . ( beat ) the City Council have also agree to look into this , start immediately . davis goddamnit .... cryer I think this be suppose to go away . this be a election year , I can not afford this kind of press . davis it be go away , sir . I instruct Captain Jones -- cryer I be afraid fall on he sword and say he make a mistake be not go to be good enough , Chief . if we take he out of the picture for a while , it might help calm thing down until the hearing 's finish . ( beat ) there be several people on the council who be plan to run against I , and they would love to accuse I of allow a renegade police force to operate with impunity . cryer shake he head , walk off a pace . cryer we friend in the press be have a field day with this mess . I be get five hundred phone call , letter and telegram a day demand to know what the hell be go on at City Hall that we allow we police force to brutalize woman and misplace child . Christ , all this picture need now be for somebody to kick a puppy for the camera . ( beat ) this be a train , Chief , and we need to either get in front of it , or be run over by it . davis Mayor cryer ... I stand by my man . you know that . changeling a true Story 103 . cryer I do . and you know where I stand . so the question be .. be we go to stand together ... or hang together ? he let the question sit as we go to ext . CITY hall - day Mayor cryer stand beside Chief Davis and address a rather noisy and work - up press corps from behind a podium . mayor cryer gentlemen ... gentleman , please . as Mayor of Los Angeles , it be my duty to preserve the peace in we city , which have be disrupt by recent event in the case of christine Collins . as a result , we have decide that Captain J. J. Jones of the lincoln Heights division be to be suspend from active duty , effective immediately . reporter what 's the charge , Chief ? chief davis the charge be conduct unbecome a officer , and use improper and abusive language toward Mrs. Collins . it further charge that he exceed he authority as a police officer by incarcerate Mrs. Collins on the alleged charge of insanity without sufficient cause . reporter Mayor cryer , be you aware that the City Council have say it plan to open its own investigation into the Collins case ? mayor cryer I have hear this , yes . but since one of the main purpose of such a hearing by the City Council would be to suspend Captain Jones , and since that action have now be take , the question be moot . reporter which make it look like the only reason Jones be be suspend be to head off the City Council ( more ) changeling a true Story 104 . reporter ( cont would ) investigation . be you concerned that a outside investigation might go uncomfortably high up the food chain ? chief davis I will not even dignify that question with a response . good day . the two head back into int . CITY hall - hallway - continuous glancing back over they shoulder at the press outside . cryer cheer up , Chief . that little show should take the wind out of they sail . by Monday , this issue will be as cold as yesterday 's fish . never underestimate the public 's lack of attention and potential for apathy . Old news be dead news , you will see . dissolve to : int . christine's house - night she open the door as briegleb enter with three really large , dangerous look man , one of whom be carry a heavy trench coat . christine reverend , what -- briegleb sorry to barge in so late , Mrs. Collins , but it take I a while to find the right people for the right job . this three gentleman be member of my congregation who , before come to the Lord , have live life of brutality , vice and crime . now they be pledge to do god 's work ... and if this be not it , I do not know what be . christine I do not understand . briegleb people who bring charge against the police have a habit of ( more ) changeling a true Story 105 . briegleb ( cont would ) disappear right before the trial . I be a big believer in the power of prayer , Mrs. Collins ... but a little backup from time to time never hurt . the other nod as they make themselves comfortable in the live room . christine I see ... well , I ... thank you . can I get you anything ? briegleb since we do not plan on sleep , coffee would be lovely . she head off to get some coffee . as one of the man put he coat behind the sofa , we see that it contain a saw - off shotgun . briegleb look out the window , to where a police car sit , watch the house . dissolve to : int . christine's house - morning she 's dress in she best dress , put on a hat and a pair of glove . her hand be shaking . she squeeze they together , close she eye . focus . with one final , deep breath , she head out . ext . collin home - morning the same police car be there as christine get into a car with briegleb and the two drive off . the other three man get into another car and follow . the police car in turn pull away from the curb , follow both car . ext . downtown STREET - briegleb be car - moment later he 's aware that they be be follow , glance in the rear view mirror to keep a eye on thing . look over to christine , smile encouragingly . look ahead . briegleb traffic 's get heavy . we will go up spring . he turn . the other car do the same . but the traffic here be even worse . just then , briegleb look back in he rear view mirror to see -- -- another police car pull out of a driveway and cut off the car with christine 's bodyguard . changeling a true Story 106 . briegleb turn quickly , try to get ahead , but the street 's too busy . he look in the mirror to see that another police car glide into position two car behind they . traffic stop . jamme . briegleb be nervous , sense the very real possibility of a hit be set up . the traffic be line right up against park car on either side . then there 's a momentary break in traffic . briegleb hold on . he turn hard into the driveway of a close shop and shut off the engine . jump out and open the door for christine , who get out . briegleb start walk . quickly . they do . he glance back at the police car . the two inside start to open the door , but they can not get they open , be right up against park car on one side and traffic on the other . they run the siren to clear traffic , but it 's too late as -- -- christine and briegleb hurry down the street on foot , briegleb glance behind they . the foot - and car-traffic be very heavy ...we hear horn honk and , in the distance , something that could be the sound of lot of people . rev . briegleb almost there . just a few more block . christine where be all this traffic 's come from ...? briegleb glance back . the police car have pop its door , and two trench - coat officer be get out . christine stop a man pass in the opposite direction . christine Excuse I , can you tell I what the problem be up ahead ? man do not you hear ? it 's the biggest protest I have ever see . rev . briegleb protest ? officer yeah ... over that Collins broad , if you can believe that . changeling a true Story 107 . he move on . briegleb and Collins slowly exchange a look somewhere between disbelief and " oh shit . " christine he do not mean ... he could not mean -- rev . briegleb I do not know ... all I know be that I think I just stop breathe .... they walk quickly up one clogge street and down another , the police follow on foot ... move toward the SOUND of voice , drum , and car honk ... until they turn onto spring Street -- -- and find themselves in the middle of the biggest protest march ever record in the history of Los Angeles to this date . thousands of people crowd into the street , overwhelming the police presence ... not rioting , but make they voice hear . the salvation Army , the woman 's temperance Society , the Society for justice , Catholic group , Union group and ordinary citizen carry placard and sign that read we support christine collin and justice for mrs . collin and the lapd : a city's shame ... it just go on and on and on . christine look out to see she boss from the telephone company , Mr. Harris , march arm in arm with the rest . he see she , smile , tip he hat and continue march . christine be stunne ... briegleb even moreso . christine oh ...my .... rev . briegleb the Lord work in mysterious way , Mrs. Collins . he look behind they , to where the police have stop . there 's no way in hell they can make a move in the face of something as big as t he . briegleb smile . rev . briegleb Boy howdy , do he ever . come on . they continue up the street toward City Hall . thorpe ( v.o. ) lady and gentlemen ... can I have you attention , please .... int . CITY council chamber - day this be a big room , and one thousand observer fill every available chair with more stand along the wall in back . it 's a circus . christine sit with hahn . changeling a true Story 108 . briegleb be in a seat behind the main section . flashbulb pop as thorpe , a city councilman , speak . superimpose : october 24 , 1928 thorpe there be nearly one thousand people gather in this chamber , more than have ever be in this room before . ext . CITY hall - parking lot - continuous speaker be lower from the window into the parking lot where hundred of other be gather to listen . thorpe ( on pa ) I therefore ask you to refrain from demonstration of any kind . we be all here because we want to find out the real fact in this case , and everybody be go to be hear if we have to sit here for a week . back to scene as thorpe look to the other member of the Council , and the area where witness be suppose to wait to be call upon . a number of seat be empty . second councilman Mr. thorpe , I do not see any other member of the Police Commission . thorpe that 's odd ...we specifically stipulate that we would begin we hearing with testimony from the police department . be there any representative of the Police Commission in the room ? ( no answer ) be Chief Davis here ? ( no reply ) be Captain Jones here ? be there anyone here represent the police ? a reporter raise he hand , then stand . reporter Mr. Chairman ... Richard Thomas , the even Herald . both the Police Chief and Captain Jones be in San pedro for a police inspection at a station there . ( more ) changeling a true Story 109 . reporter ( cont would ) only reason I know be we have a couple of we boy out cover the thing . thorpe be you tell I they directly violate the wish of the City Council ? that they refuse to attend a vital hearing so they could conduct a routine inspection in San pedro ? and what the hell be Jones do at a inspection after be suspend ? ( beat ) I hate to call a recess before we have even start , but I think a few phone call be in order . so we will take a half hour break , then continue with the witness who have appear here today . but let it be know that Captain Jones and Police Chief Davis will be subpoena and require to appear here tomorrow morning . there 's applause from the crowd which break up into pocket of discussion as a bailiff approach hahn and whisper into he ear . hahn nod , look to christine . hahn Mrs. Collins , could you come across the street with I for just a moment ? christine but ... should not we -- hahn I think there 's something you should see . puzzle , curious , christine get up and exit with hahn . int . LA county courthouse - hallway - moment later hahn be move quickly down the hall toward a courtroom door , christine follow . hahn -- the police decide it be best to keep this off the main docket in order to avoid exactly the sort of chaos we have across the street . he get to the door , pause . look back to she . she nod . he open the door and they enter changeling a true Story 110 . int . courtroom - continuous Dead silence , in mark contrast to the city council room . as she enter , she see people sit silently in the gallery ... row after row of couple , mother and father , some weep softly . some of they notice christine 's entrance and nod to she with sadness and a strange sense of common bond ... they be all carry the same grief . one of the couple , mr. and mrs . clay , see christine and go to she , speak softly . they should be distinct enough in appearance that we will recognize they instantly when we see they again later . mrs . clay Mrs. Collins ? I be leanne clay , this be my husband , John ... I just want to pass on my sympathy . what we go through , wait to hear anything about we son David , be bad enough , and now this .... ( beat ) but there be no call for what the police do to you ... no call at all . she nod she thanks as a door at the other end of the courtroom open . they take they seat as a judge and two attorney take they place , precede by a bailiff . bailiff all rise . they do . the judge take he seat . the rest of the room also sit . he nod to the bailiff , who in turn open another door , lead to the hold area . as christine look on , Gordon Stewart northcott be ushere into the courtroom for he initial plea . some woman break into tear at the sight of he . he first seem startle by the presence of so many , then he smile . a audience . as he take he place beside he attorney , he look down the room and meet the gaze of christine Collins . her face pale , as though slap ... but she do not look away . gordon hey ... I see you in the papers . you get a lot of moxie , stand up to the police like that . the bailiff forcibly turn he around to face the judge . christine 's hand grip the seat she 's in until she knuckle turn white ... but she do not allow he the satisfaction of see she react to he comment . the judge look up . changeling a true Story 111 . judge Gordon Stewart northcott , you have be charge with three count of murder in the first degree , with a additional seventeen count under review by the district attorney 's office . how do you plea ? gordon not guilty , you honor . he glance back at he audience . the bailiff rights he again . judge in light of the defendant 's penchant for international travel , no bail will be set . this court will receive preliminary motion by tomorrow morning , with a trial date to be set for the earliest open on the court 's calendar . ( beat ) the defendant be remand into custody . bailiff .... the bailiff remove Gordon , who share one last look with he audience , and christine in particular . he wink at she . she do not give he a flicker of satisfaction with a reaction . but once he 's go , she sit heavily and cover she eye , fight tear . hahn put a hand on she shoulder , but say nothing . there 's nothing to say . jone ( v.o. ) the boy , walter Collins , be report as miss on March 10 , 1928 . int . CITY council room - day Jones be at last on the stand . hahn stand before he , the rest of the City Council , christine and the huge audience look on . jone we then institute a nationwide search . on July 10 , we receive a cable indicate that a boy match he description have be find in De kalb , Illinois . upon question , he admit to be walter Collins , and we make arrangement to transport he back to California . hahn where Mrs. Collins tell you the boy be not she son . changeling a true Story 112 . jone yes . she deny he identity in spite of all evidence point to the contrary . hahn but as subsequent event have demonstrate , she be correct . so what prompt you to send she for psychological evaluation ? jone whether or not this be in fact the correct boy be not relevant to my decision . throughout this period , she act strangely . she be often cool , aloof and unemotional , especially when present with the boy we locate in De kalb , and in we subsequent conversation . it be because of she disturbing behavior that I submit she for observation to the psychopathic ward of Los Angeles County General Hospital . hahn just like that . you snap you finger and a innocent woman be throw into the psycho ward . jone she be not -- hahn turn away , play to the council and the audience . hahn every home in this state be in grave danger when a Police Captain can take a woman into he office and , five minute later , have she throw into the psychopathic ward on he own authority ! the crowd applaud and cheer . joe fight to be hear . jone ( over the crowd ) she be not -- hahn what be that , Captain ? jone she be not throw . she be ... escort . changeling a true Story 113 . there 's laughter from the gallery . he do not like it . hahn escort , throw , the verb do not matter , Captain . what do matter be that she incarceration be order without a warrant . hahn go to the exhibit table , pick up several papers . hahn I be hold a carbon copy of the affidavit of insanity that be issue in the case of the State of California versus . christine Collins . who sign the affidavit ? jone I do . hahn and what be the date on this document ? jone September 12th . hahn but Mrs. Collins be incarcerate on September 6th . jone the form be backdate . hahn yes , so it would appear . the bottom of the page be reserve for recording where and when the warrant be serve . but it have not be fill in . May I assume from this that the warrant be never serve ? jone that 's correct . there be no need to serve the warrant since she be at that time already in custody . hahn let I see if I have this straight . a woman be throw into the psychopathic ward without a warrant , because no warrant exist , and when it be finally write six day later , there be no need to sign it or go to a judge because ( more ) changeling a true Story 114 . hahn ( cont would ) she be already in the asylum ! be this correct , Captain ? jone technically ... yes . more murmure from the crowd . jone extraordinary step be necessary because we be deal with a extraordinary situation ! be it we fault that we be be deceive by the boy who claim to be walter Collins ? no . in light of he claim and she behavior , who would not begin to wonder if there be something wrong with she ? hahn because she question you . jone because she would not listen , because she insisted on be obstinate and take matter into she own hand best leave to qualified officer , because -- hahn because she be fight for the life of she son ! a boy who may have still be alive while you be waste valuable time deny you have do anything wrong ! this silence both Jones and the crowd . you could hear a pin drop . hahn approach Jones , and now speak softly . hahn and in the end , that 's what happen , be not it ? at some point , while all this be go on , walter Collins die along with as many as nineteen other youth on the northcott ranch in wineville . be that correct , Captain ? Jones look to Chief Davis . it 's a moment . then : jone yes . it be . christine 's face fall into she hand . the place erupt . changeling a true Story 115 . hahn no further question . hahn walk away from a devastate look Jones . ext . union station - day a small crowd be assemble at the front of the station , where Chief Davis stand with the Boy who have be " walter " as a train pull up before they . chief davis -- so after much effort , we be able to identify this boy , who be have be responsible for so much recent trouble , as Arthur hutchin of Cedar rapid , Iowa . between this , and the arrest of the man suspect of murdering the real walter Collins , we have clear up two of the biggest mystery in the history of Los Angeles . ( beat ) I hope that you gentleman of the press will give as much space to the good thing we do as the mistake that be make on rare occasion . just then , he turn as a matron come off the train with janet hutchin , middle thirty , the boy 's mother . chief davis lady and gentleman , let I introduce you to the boy 's real mother , Mrs. Janet hutchin . she go to he and hug he . " walter " look like he wish he be somewhere on Mars . Davis move closer to they to be in frame while the flashbulb pop . she 's in the same pose as they get christine to take when she " accept " she lose son . mother I hope he have not be too much trouble for you . chief davis oh , no , not at all .... he towsel the boy 's head like he would like to cut it off . then he nod to a aide , who approach with a bundle of clothes . wright Mrs. hutchin ... Mrs. Collins , the woman he be stay with , want he to have this . they be the clothes she let he wear . changeling a true Story 116 . mother well , thank you . be not that nice , Arthur ? tell the nice officer thank you . " walter " I do not want them ! give them to somebody else ! davis precocious little fellow , be not he ? " walter " it 's not my fault ! it be the police ! they say I be walter Collins , not I ! it be not my idea ! she yank he away . Davis smile gamely at the reporter . chief davis there ... blame the police for you own mistake . we have see a lot of that lately , have not we ? dissolve to : montage shot mos , under music , somber and move , intercutting between the two trial . christine on the stand , speak quietly . Officer ybarra on the stand . Chief Davis on the stand . the murder jury be show photograph of the northcott ranch . walter 's dentist show a draw of walter 's tooth . his teacher , Mrs. Fox , also testify . bit of clothing enter into evidence . Dr. steele testify . ending on christine seat , reserve , hold it all in ... watch . we hold on she face to bring we into -- int . walter' bedroom - morning christine be sit on walter 's bed . she run a hand along the sheet , straighten and smoothing they out , she eye moist but not cry . we hear a knock on the front door downstairs , and the door open . changeling a true Story 117 . christine I be up here , reverend . she continue as briegleb come up the stair and enter the room . see she . take off he hat . a show of sympathy . christine when walter be ... when he be here , I would walk past he bedroom when he be asleep , and even if I could not see he , or hear he , I could ... feel he in here . rev . briegleb mother and they child be connect in amazing way . my uncle join the army during the big war , and the day he die , before we ever hear a word about it , my grandmother wake up in the middle of the night and say , " Bobby 's go . " she just ... know . christine nod , take it in , then : christine that 's why I do not think walter be dead . I can still feel he , in this room . rev . briegleb Mrs. Collins -- christine I know what the police say . but the remain ... what they find on that ranch be so ... most of it can not even be properly identify . what if that boy make a mistake when he pick walter 's picture ? rev . briegleb I understand that you do not want to accept this . what mother do ? but you have to let go ... and start over . for yourself . he would want you to move on . christine maybe . and maybe he would want I to keep look . maybe he 's wait for I , somewhere . rev . briegleb he be , christine . ( more ) changeling a true Story 118 . rev . briegleb ( cont would ) in that place where we will all be reunite with we love one someday . and on that day , he will know , front to back , end to end , heart and soul ... that you do everything you could , christine . everything . she nod absently , finish adjust the sheet . he check he watch . rev . briegleb we should go . she nod again , and stand . he head out of the room , and she linger for a moment , take one last look around before turn off the night - light , and see the draw he make of the two of they walk together beneath a orange sun . hold on that image as we hear a gavel hammer and : thorpe ( v.o. ) this meeting will now come to order . int . CITY council chamber - day pushing in on thorpe , at the center of the council 's long table , address the crowd and christine . thorpe this Committee have now hear all of the testimony , and in light of the fact present , issue the follow statement . intercut with int . courtroom - day where northcott stand before the judge , jury , and the grieve family member . judge Mr. Foreman , have the jury reach a verdict ? foreman we have , you honor . int . CITY council chamber - continuous still push in . thorpe while the City Council have no power to directly remove commissioner or ( more ) changeling a true Story 119 . thorpe ( cont would ) the employee who serve under they , it nevertheless can perform the function of make recommendation . this committee therefore report and recommend : ( beat ) first , that the majority member of the Police Commission deserve the severest condemnation for they decision to whitewash the Collins case . applause erupt from the gallery at this . int . courtroom - continuous quietly pushing in on northcott , the judge , jury , other . judge bailiff , will you bring I the verdict of the jury ? the bailiff comply . the judge read it , hand it back to the bailiff , who bring it back to the Foreman . int . CITY council chamber - continuous as before . thorpe second , we recommend that the suspension of Captain Jones be make permanent . even louder applause , some cheer . the pattern continue through the balance of the statement . int . courtroom - continuous favore northcott . judge will the defendant please rise ? northcott rise , still smile , defiant . int . CITY council chamber - continuous as before . thorpe third , that step be take to investigate a change in the prevaile law and procedure by ( more ) changeling a true Story 120 . thorpe ( cont would ) which a citizen of this city can be subject to incarceration in the county 's mental facility . ( beat ) finally , restoration of public confidence in the police department can only be achieve by the removal of its chief of police , and this committee so recommend . ( beat ) this hearing be conclude . the place explode with cheer . int . courtroom - continuous as the foreman stand again . judge you may read the verdict . foreman we the jury find the defendant , Gordon Stewart northcott ... guilty on all count of murder in the first degree . there be gasp and cry and tear ... but northcott be defiant . judge do the defendant wish to make a statement before judgment be pass ? gordon yeah , I want to make a statement . I want to make it real clear that I never once get a fair shake from you , you " honor , " or this court . the only one of you here worth a goddamn be she -- ( point to christine ) -- ' cause she 's the only one never badmouthe I to the press . she understand what it be when the police frame you for something you do not do and throw you in the hole . be not that right ? he look to she . she do not flinch . gordon I want you to know , Mrs. Collins , I never kill you boy . I -- changeling a true Story 121 . judge that 's enough ! counsel , you will get control of you client or I will have he bound and gag . the defense attorney yank Gordon around to face the judge . judge Gordon Stewart northcott , it be the judgment of this court that you will be convey to San quentin prison , where you will be hold in solitary confinement for a period of two year , until October 2nd , 1930 . on that date , you be to be hang by the neck until dead . May god have mercy on you soul . and he bring down the gavel . ext . county courthouse - afternoon christine be stand outside , put the horror of the day out of she thought , as a door open and Chief Davis come out , follow by several reporter . chief davis -- no , as I say after the hearing , I have every intention of finish my term as Chief of the Los Angeles Police Department . I will not resign . I will fight to the finish . the Collins case be merely a excuse for certain politician who have be try to have I remove for some time , and I -- he pause as he see christine . look away and continue in a lower voice . chief davis -- anyway , I remain confident that the Mayor 's office will stand firmly behind I . that 's all . the press continue after he , not really notice christine , who take one last look around at it all ... and walk slowly away . alone . black screen superimpose : two year later . tuesday , september 30 , 1930 changeling a true Story 122 . int . STREET car - morning christine , alone , ride the street car to work . the car stop in front of a school . walter 's school . she look out the window , to where child be play . then look away again as the street - car start move again . int . pacific telephone company - switchboard room - day christine be back at work again , as she have be , though some of the light have go out of she eye . she move from station to station , nodd she approval or check off form . she glance to the clock , it 's a little after two , then go to Mr. Harris , who have just come out onto the floor . christine ten minute break ? mr. harris of course . she start away , turn at : mr. harris you know ... one of this day you might consider actually take one of this ten minute break . might be good for you . christine we will see . thanks , ben. she head off toward a back room . he watch she go with a combination of awe , respect and deep sadness . int . phone company - back office - moment later christine be on the telephone , crossing off contact number on a pad of paper . christine yes , hello , this be christine Collins , we speak yesterday about my son ... fine , thank you . I be wonder if you would have a chance to go through the file on runaway in you area in case anyone resembling walter have -- ( beat ) I see . no , thank you , I appreciate the information . would it be all right if I call you again , in a month or so ? thank you . Goodbye . she check he number off she list as hahn appear in the partially open door behind she . changeling a true Story 123 . he 's hear part of the conversation , and there 's a sadness in he eye . she start to dial again when he knock on the door . she turn to see he , mid-dial . hahn Mrs. Collins . christine oh , hello , I be just -- hahn I know . that 's ... why I want to see you . his tone be grave , and she know that something 's happen . she hang up the phone , miss the cradle the first time . hahn it 's about walter . we have ... well , we receive a very strange telegram . christine from who ? hahn Gordon northcott . he 's ...he 's ask to see you . christine why ? hahn he say he know you be still look for you son , and before he die -- ( beat ) he say that he lie when he testify that he do not kill walter . he 's willing to finally admit that he do it . he say that if you come up to see he , in person ... he will tell you the truth , to you face ... so that you can get on with you life and have some peace . dissolve to : int . train - day christine be on the train head north . the telegram be in she hand . changeling a true Story 124 . hahn ( v.o . ) as you know , he 's set to be execute the day after tomorrow at San quentin , so .... ( beat ) you do not have a lot of time . ext . san francisco - san quentin prison - afternoon she get out of a taxi in front of the prison . it 's a gray , grim sight , and move toward it . hahn ( v.o. ) take I most of the morning to make all the arrangement . turn out you be the first woman in thirty year the state have allow to visit a serial killer on the night of he execution . int . san quentin - interview room - afternoon four bare wall and a long table . two chair . one window , behind bar and chicken wire . christine wait , alone . then : we hear footstep approach down the hall . a moment later , a prison guard escort northcott into the room . northcott nod to christine , then glance to the guard , who look to christine . prison guard I can stay in the room if you want , mar 'am . christine no , I be ... sure I will be fine . prison guard all right ... I will be right outside the door if you need anything . ( to northcott ) twenty minute . the guard exit , leave the two alone . gordon do not suppose you have get a cigarette ? christine no , I do not smoke . he nod , walk to the window to a nearby structure . gordon that 's where they do it , you know . that building right over there . changeling a true Story 125 . christine that 's where they do what ? gordon the hanging . ten o'clock tonight , I get to see what 's inside . I hear there 's thirteen step go up to the gallow ...' cause thirteen be unlucky . help make sure you be gonna go to hell when you die . but I get them beat . I outsmart them . he look to christine , smile nervously , glance back out the window . gordon they be gonna let I have whatever I want for dinner . get a steak come , with spinach , mashed potato and green bean . I always wonder why they do that whole last meal thing . one of the other guy on death row say when you take the drop , you foul yourself , and everything you eat ... come out the other end . so maybe that 's why they make sure you get something in you when it happen . they like know you foule yourself on the way to -- he stop himself . turn from the window . gordon sure you do not get a cigarette ? she shake she head . he nod absently for a moment . gordon the warden , Clinton duffy , he 's a good guy . he 's write a book about all the death sentence he 's carry out in this place . say it 's call " eighty - eight Men and two woman . " beat my record all to hell . christine Mr. northcott ... you ask I to come to see you . you say if I do , you would tell I the truth about my son . well , I be here . gordon yeah ... yeah , you be . but see , the thing be , I do not think you would really come , and now -- changeling a true Story 126 . he 's pace , grow more agitate and scared . christine now what ? gordon I do not expect .... ( beat ) I do not want to see you . christine what ? gordon I can not do this ... I can not talk to you ... not today , not tonight , not with what they be go to do to I . it 's one thing to send a telegram , that 's easy , but right now , right here , in person , I -- ( beat ) I can not tell you what you want to hear , Mrs. Collins . I can not , I can not -- christine why not ? gordon because I do not want to die with a lie on my lip ! he turn from she , in anguish ... but be he just play she ? gordon I do my penance , I ask God to forgive I for my sin ... and I have be good , ever since ... if I commit a sin now , if I lie now ... I be out of time , I can not be forgiven again ... I do not want to go to hell -- she go around to he , face he . christine Mr. northcott ... look at I . ( beat ) look at I . he turn almost against he will ... meet she eye . christine do you ... kill ... my son ? his eye go wide and he cry out , stumbling back and away from she . changeling a true Story 127 . gordon get away from I ... I do not know anything about it ! christine Mr. northcott -- gordon I be innocent ! ( pound door ) Guard ! Guard ! the guard enter , go to northcott . christine no , wait , please -- prison guard it 's okay , mar 'am , they always get a little nut the day of . she push past he to northcott , grab the front of he shirt . christine do you kill he ? do you kill my son ? he scream in anguish , and the guard haul he out , close the door after he . christine try to open the door , but it will not open . christine Mr. northcott ... Mr. northcott ! she slowly slide to the floor , cry as we hear the SOUND of chain clanking , and we .... dissolve to : int . execution area - night the door to the prison yard open and close as northcott be lead into the area with the scaffold . the warden be there , wait at the foot of the gallow , along with a chaplain . several other parent , include Mr. and Mrs. clay , be in the witness gallery at the back , separate from the gallow area by a large plate glass window . christine be among the parent . the clays see she , and put a hand on she arm for strength . christine nod , accept it , and move to one side . northcott , leg and arm bound in chain , make he way to the warden at the base of the gallow . a clock read 9:50 . changeling a true Story 128 . warden Gordon Stewart northcott , you have be find guilty of murder , the penalty for which be death by hang . there have be no stay or reprieve , therefore the execution will go forward as stipulate under the law of the State of California . do you have any last word ? gordon no ...nothing . ( to chaplain ) I keep clean after I confess , reverend ... just like I say I would . the chaplain nod silently as the warden look to the guard , who begin to escort northcott up the step to the gallow . gordon will it ... will it hurt ? ( no reply ) please ... not so fast ... do not make I walk so fast ! they struggle with he now , push and carry he up the last of the thirteen step to the top . they tie he leg together , and cinch he arm tightly in place . gordon thirteen step ... thirteen step ... but I do not touch all of them , you bastard ... I do not touch all of them ! they start to slip a black feel mask over he head and secure the rope . he look desperately to the witness . gordon a prayer ! please , somebody , say a prayer for I ! the mask go on and be tightened into place . the executioner approach the handle that will open the trap door . the warden look to the clock ...9:59 . from beneath the hood we hear , in a terrify , shaking voice : gordon Silent night ... holy night ... all be calm ... all be bright ... round yon virgin mother and child ... holy infant so tender and mild -- just then the warden nod to the executioner who pull the lever and the trap door jerk OPEN . changeling a true Story 129 . northcott fall through the door six foot then there 's a SNAP ... and the body bounce in slow motion at the end of the rope ... as we hear the sound of he heart slow ... slow ... until it finally stop . christine cover she eye . there be no cheer in the witness room . only the sound of weep . ext . san quentin - night slowly , the witness exit the prison . we find christine among they . she nod good - night to some of they , include the clays , then start off on she own , head into the night . dissolve to : black screen superimpose : five year later . february 27 , 1935 and : seven year after the disappearance of walter collin ext . pacific telephone company - afternoon just to establish , then : int . telephone company - christine's office - afternoon the brass plate on the partially open door announce c. collin , assistant manager . she 's fill out paperwork as there 's a knock and a group of other employee and operator appear in the doorway . operator hey , Chris ... we be have a oscar party tonight at my apartment , you want to come ? christine I can not ... I have get a million form to fill out -- operator c'mon , please , they can wait -- christine Sandy , you guy blow out the phone line between here and Baltimore , someone have to clean up the mess , and that 's I . besides , I have get a radio right here , I can follow the whole thing . operator you be sure ? changeling a true Story 130 . christine positive . go on , have fun . they head off . christine focus on she work . there 's another knock on the door . christine I say I can not go -- mr. harris be you sure ? she look up to see Ben Harris in the doorway . he smile . mr. harris I be meeting some friend for dinner at musso and Frank 's on Hollywood . they be go to pipe the oscar ceremony through to the restaurant . should be quite a night . I would love it if you would come . christine Ben , that 's very sweet , and I wish I could ... but I really need to stay and finish this . he nod , take the rejection well . start off when : christine Ben ...? I put down two dollar on " it happen one night " for best picture . seem I be the only one here who think it have a chance against " cleopatra . " if I win , how about we have dinner tomorrow night to celebrate ? mr. harris you have get a deal , christine . good night . christine ' night . mr. harris how about I call you if you win ? christine I will be here . and with a smile , he 's go . changeling a true Story 131 . int . telephone company - switchboard room - night the night shift operator be work , a smaller group but still busy . we pan through they until we start to hear the sound of radio-miked applause , then : irwin S. cobb ( on radio ) thank you . and now , it give I distinct honor to present the category of best picture for 1934 . int . christine's office - continuous where christine be still work as the Academy Award of 1935 play themselves out on the radio . irwin S. cobb ( on radio ) the nominee be " the Gay divorcee , " " here come the navy , " " the barret of wimpole Street , " " one night of Love , " " the thin man , " " cleopatra " -- christine over-rated .... irwin S. cobb ( on radio ) " Viva villa , " " the White parade , " and " it happen one night . " christine Clark gable , claudette Colbert . I rest my case . irwin S. cobb ( on radio ) and the oscar for best picture go to .... ( beat ) " it happen one night . " applause come through the radio ... and christine be as pleased as if she would just win herself . christine ( call out door ) I know it ... I know it ! I tell you so ! she 's just about to go back to she work when the phone ring . she pick it up , smile . changeling a true Story 132 . christine Ben , it look like dinner be on I , I -- she stop . it 's not Ben on the phone . christine yes , this be she . Mrs. clay ? no , of course I remember you , how be you ? be everything -- she freeze at something she hear . christine when ? where do they -- ( beat ) no , of course ... I will be right there . she hang up , grab she coat , and race out the door . ext . police station - night christine climb out of a taxi and rush into the station . int . interview room - viewing room - moment later christine be ushere into a room with a long two - way mirror that look out into a interview room . Mr. and Mrs. clay be already there . in the other room be detective ybarra , and a young boy , david , age 13 . Mrs. clay see she , and they embrace . mrs . clay I want to go to he right off , but they say it be important to talk to he alone first . christine be they sure it 's -- mrs . clay they be sure , but more important , I be sure . ( beat ) it 's my boy , all right ... it 's David . he 's alive , christine . they find he up in hysperia . christine but how -- Mr. clay motion for they to shush . they turn they attention to the other room , where ybarra look up from make note . changeling a true Story 133 . ybarra all right , so after you get into the car , what happen next ? david they drive I around for a long time , then we end up at this ranch -- ext . northcott ranch - flashback - night David be shove into the chicken coop . several other boy be already there , scared , cry . they lunge at the door , try to get out , but it slam shut in they face . they scream , try to get out . Gordon slam a arm against the door , scare they . gordon shut up ! ( grin ) I will see you boy later .... he laugh and move off , sanford accompany he , look very guilty . ybarra ( v.o. ) be there other boy present ? david ( v.o. ) yeah ... six , I think . it be a long time ago . ybarra ( v.o. ) do you speak to they ? do you remember any of they name ? int . chicken coop - later panning the boy huddle against one wall , scared . david ( v.o. ) yeah ... two of they be brother , I think they last name be winslow , something like that . the oldest be Jeffrey , I think he be around eleven .... ( beat ) ... and walter . we stop pan on the last kid ...on walter Collins , at last . int . interview room - viewing room as christine react to this , she hand fly to she mouth . not dare to breathe . changeling a true Story 134 . ybarra walter . david yeah . ybarra do you remember he last name ? david Collins . christine cover she face . can barely stand up . ybarra so if you only remember some of the name of the rest , how come you remember he full name ? david because of what happen . int . chicken coop - night two of the kid , walter and Jeffrey , be sit in a corner , talk quietly , urgently . david ( v.o. ) walter and Jeffrey be talk when everybody else be scream . they be scared , same as the rest of we , but they be not scared stupid . they keep check around until they find a part of the coop where the chicken wire be all mess up . they pull at the wiring . part of the roof weaken and dust sift down . david ( v.o. ) they figure we might be able to yank the chicken wire and bring down the corner , maybe make enough room to get out of there and run ... but it would make a awful lot of noise and if it be not wide enough , we would be stick . it might even bring the whole place down . walter we gotta try it ! first winslow boy no ! what he hear -- changeling a true Story 135 . jeffrey we have to get out of here ! first winslow boy I be afraid ! and in a echo of what he tell he mother the last time he see she : walter I be not . I be not afraid of anything . ( beat ) do not you want to go home ? do not you want to see you mom again ? the winslow kid nod , and start cry . Jeffrey and walter look to the rest . jeffrey anybody else ? David hold up he hand . jeffrey okay . anybody who do not want to come , get over at that end in case this come down . the winslow boy and two other scramble to the other end , too terrify to try and escape . Jeffrey , David and walter go to the weaken corner of the coop . jeffrey when we get out , we split up , go in different direction , they can not catch all of we . ready ? they nod , and get into position , each take a part of the wire framework . jeffrey pull ! they do so , pull for all they be worth ... struggle ... the ceiling shift above they , dirt fall all over the place ... they pull harder , the wire cut into finger , but still pull ... then suddenly -- -- the corner fall away , part of the roof start to come down with it . the noise be substantial . jeffrey go ! changeling a true Story 136 . they race out the open , Jeffrey first , then walter , then David ... but just as the first two get clear -- david help ! walter turn to see David stick in the wiring . light go on around the ranch . he hesitates ... then run back to David , help to untangle he . they hear a shotgun blast , and feet run they way . david hurry ! walter get he untangle , and the two race away from the coop , run for all they be worth as a flashlight hit first one , then the other . they run -- -- and David catch one last glimpse of walter run , head for the line of tree .... ybarra ( v.o. ) and that 's the last you see of he ? int . interview room - viewing room - night as the interview continue . David nod . david that 's the last I see of any of them . ybarra so you do not know if either of the other two be capture ? david no . all I know be , if he have not come back for I ... I do not think I ever would have get out of there . ybarra what happen after that ? david I hide in the wood for two day , too scared to move , because I be sure they would find I . I finally start walk , but every time a car come up I be afraid it be they . so I keep off the main road until I see a train stop at a crossing , and I jump in . changeling a true Story 137 . ybarra why do not you tell anyone what have happen ? david I be afraid ! I think they would come after I , or my folk ... so I do not tell anybody . I be on my own until I get a free meal from this lady , Mrs. lansing . I tell she I be a orphan , on my own . she say I could stay on , and ... I do . ( beat ) every night , I would wake up , think they be right outside my window . then I hear the police talk on the radio about what happen at the ranch , and I think , for sure I can not go back now . ybarra why not ? david since I do not tell anybody what happen , I be afraid they would blame I for that kid be dead . so I just ... stay away . ybarra so what make you come forward now , after all this time ? David look away , he eye tear up . finally : david I miss my mom ... I miss my dad ... I just ... I just want to go home . and it 's all Mrs. clay can take . sob , she run out of the view room and into the interview room , where she go to she son and embrace he , hold he , the two cry into one another 's arm . ext . police station - night christine and ybarra watch as Mr. and Mrs. clay lead they son into they car . as they drive off , christine finally break the silence . ybarra still can not believe it . five year , case close , everyone think he 's dead ... and there he be . ( more ) changeling a true Story 138 . ybarra ( cont would ) and he would not be , if it be not for walter . ( beat ) you son do a brave thing , Mrs. Collins . you should be very proud of he . christine I be . ybarra you do not think he 's still out there , do you ? christine why not ? Three boy make a run for it that night , detective . if one get out , maybe either or both of the other do too . maybe walter go through the same fear he do . afraid to come home or identify himself , afraid he would get into trouble , that people might think it be he fault . either way , it give I something I do not have before tonight . ybarra what 's that ? she look at he ... and smile . christine hope . she turn and walk off into the night , as we superimpose : Gordon Stewart northcott be hang on October 2 , 1935 in exchange for he cooperation and a guilty plea , sanford wesley Clark be sentence to the whittier State School for boy for five year . upon be release in 1934 , he return home to Canada , and be never hear from again . upon return to duty after he suspension , Captain J. J. Jones be demote to Lieutenant and subsequently sue by christine Collins in civil court . he be find guilty and fine $ 10,800 ( equal to $ 125,000 in 2006 dollar ) . he never pay . one year after the City Council recommend the removal of the Los Angeles Chief of Police , James E Davis resign from office and be replace by Roy E. steckel . changeling a true Story 139 . Davis reclaim that office in 1933 , where he create the Red squad , notorious for attack Communists and they office , but be force to resign a second time under a cloud of police corruption . in the aftermath of the City Council hearing , the criminal justice system in California be revise to prevent woman from be incarcerate or institutionalized for the crime of disagreeing with a male police officer . strict medical procedure be set in place to prevent future abuse . in November 1929 , Los Angeles Mayor George E. cryer be vote out of office after three term . he be later find to have be the front man for the Crawford organize crime syndicate , which run prostitution and gambling racket throughout Southern California . for the rest of he life , reverend gustav A. briegleb use he radio show to expose police misconduct and political corruption . he also publish " the layman 's handbook of Daniel . " the California community of wineville , near Riverside , become synonymous with the infamous northcott murder ranch . in order to shake free of the scandal , the resident change its name to mira loma . christine Collins never stop search for she son . the fate of walter Collins remain a mystery . if he be able to escape the northcott ranch , he would be 86 year old today . fade out : the end