chaos written by tony giglio shoot script March 15th , 2004 fade in : begin open credit : A1 ext . pearl STREET bridge - night A1 close on ... a bronze plaque which read , " pearl STREET bridge . " on the bridge ... rain pour down . a suv steer out of control and crash into a stall out vehicle . it 's quiet now , except for the incessant pound rain . in the distance , police light approach . smash CUT to : 1 ext . pearl STREET bridge - night 1 through a television camera ... the image be grainy and frenetic . a heavy rain pour down on a melee of activity . police car block either end , they light ignite the sky in a dizzying red and blue design . the attention center on ... the suv and the crashed vehicle lay in the middle of the bridge . a man , 30' , madness on he face , he right hand hold a hostage , a woman , 20' , rack with fear , tight to he body . his leave hold a gun ! two detective , slowly approach the man . only see the detective from behind . a News reporter , karen cross , 30' , blond with energy to burn , shield herself from the rain , step in front of the camera ... karen cross ... Police on scene be approach the suspect . they be at the center of the Bridge now . the man wave he gun wildly , scream at the detective . the hostage , tear stream down she face , scream out ! fade to black . suddenly ... three gun shot , almost simultaneously , ring out ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 2 . karen cross ( os ) we have shot fire . Shots have be fire ... both the suspect and he hostage be down ... Police be move in ... oh my God . fade in : 2 int . live room - conner apartment - night 2 a loft apartment , scarcely furnish , except for book , hundred of they , fill stack of shelf . hear but not watch the television , meticulously prepare a gin and tonic , be ... detective quentin conner , a grizzle , intense veteran . his charisma , which he have in spade , get he into as much trouble as it get he out of . at present a somber mood . the shadow from the rain stream down conner 's face . in the glass' reflection ... the tv report play . ( note : most of , if not all , of the tv report will in reflection . ) karen cross ( os ) after a two month investigation , det. Jason York have be relieved of duty for he role in the Pearl Street Bridge shoot death of Lisa reann and John curtis . Key testimony against York come from det. Bernard callo , who be on scene that night . the Seattle Police Department be hand this case over to the King County District Attorney 's office . criminal charge be expect . 3 on a television screen -- 3 the image cut to a earlier interview with ... captain martin jenkins , 50' , chronically tired and unsympathetic . jenkins in a civilized society , the man and woman entrust with serve and protect the community be to be hold accountable just like everyone else . simply put ... just because you be a cop , do not mean law do not apply to you . this be no longer the wild , wild west . 3a ext . king county courthouse - day ( through tv camera ) 3a karen cross stand on the step , a photo of conner appear . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 3 . karen cross this same review board last week find quentin conner , det . York 's partner , " not responsible " for the same shoot . he remain on suspension without pay . 3b int . live room - conner apartment - night 3b conner turn off the tv , lay the remote next to a photo of conner and a young woman ( teddy ) during happy time . he stare at the photo , finish he drink . fade to black . end open credit . 4 ext . seattle - day - establishing 4 a cool , crisp Pacific Northwestern day . mount rainier loom in the distance . the space needle overlook downtown . while the sun shine now , the overcast sky on the horizon foreshadows a impending STORM . in the heart of the city ... 5 ext . american national bank - day 5 a impressive structure on a busy CITY corner . traffic , street and pedestrian , go about they business . across the STREET ... a black truck screech to a stop . 6 int . black truck - day 6 lorenz , 40' , sit behind the steering wheel . his eye cold , merciless . he 's join by four other men , all black clad - heavily armed with body armor ! lorenz stare out at the bank , a last moment of peace . simultaneously , all four door OPEN and ... 7 ext . american national bank - day 7 lorenz and the Black clad exit , quickly cross the street , head for the bank ! each carry a large black bag . 7a int . lobby - american national bank 7a patron in line , wait impatiently . a security guard in the corner yawn . tellers count out cash , access account on computer . grainy security camera image depict a average , business day . the calm before the STORM . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 4 . 7b ext . american national bank - day 7b lorenz and the Black clad arrive at the door . they raise there mask and ... 8 int . lobby - american national bank 8 off the crooked eyebrow of a bank teller ... at the front door -- the black clad STORM the bank ! four of the Black clad move into position . lorenz stand center stage . gun in hand , he aim at the ceiling , pull the trigger ... bam ! a gunshot ring out ! loren Drop to the floor ! slowly ! no sudden move ! ( to the teller ) you ! hand on head , drop to you knee . now ! do it ! patron and tellers hit the ground , terrified ! lorenz be in complete and utter control . black clad # 4 and # 3 keep watch on the teller behind the counter ! one on one side , one on the other . black clad # 2 usher people out of side office , gun -point they into the lobby ! black clad # 1 race upstairs , gather people from the 2nd level , force they downstairs . from the corner of lorenz 's eye ... the security guard 's hand creep toward he gun . lorenz that ... you do not want to do . the Security Guard reluctantly obey . black clad # 1 disarm the Guard , then gun butt he over the head ! the Guard drop , unconscious ! customer , employees scream out . Black clad # 1 rip key from the Guard 's belt , toss they to Black clad # 2 ! lorenz y'all pick the wrong day not to use the ATM . ( beat ) you will not be harme if you do exactly what I say , when I say it . you ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 5 . lorenz ( cont would ) take you chance if you choose not to listen . black clad # 2 , key in hand , fly across the counter , carry a large duffel bag ... head to the vault ! lorenz no one will say I do not give you a choice . 9 int . safety deposit vault - american national bank 9 Black clad # 2 arrive , drop he bag , unzipping ... black clad # 2 ( into he headset ) I be in . 10 int . the lobby - american national bank 10 lorenz get the message , find the bank manager cower behind he desk . lorenz you , up . ( the Bank manager obey ) you understand what I just say ? bank manager yes . lorenz you security system , you can electronically lock all entrance ... bank manager yes . right -right away . lorenz with that attitude , you and I be go to get along famously . now go . the Bank manager nod nervously . black clad # 4 hold open he bag . he stride by the customer who deposit cellphone , pager , inside . 10a int . bank manager' office 10 a the Bank manager tap on he computer keyboard . bank manager it 's do . we be lock down . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 6 . lorenz nod . 10b int . the lobby -- 10b black clad # 1 flip the " bank close " sign around . 11 int . motel bedroom - day 11 Jenkins fasten he cufflink . in the bed behind he ... heather " teddy " galloway , 30' , normally a force to reckon with , appear vulnerable with only a sheet wrap around she . jenkins have you see my watch ? teddy gesture to the night stand . Jenkins retrieve the watch . he also slide he wedding ring back on . this be not love , this be a relationship of convenience . Jenkins slip on he jacket , secure he tie and , after one last check in the mirror ... jenkins this be fun . you should get out of bed . you will be late for work . and with that , Jenkins exit . teddy wait for the door to close , then collapse back onto the bed . 12 int . safety deposit vault - american national bank 12 plastic explosive line the wall , connect all the safety deposit box together ! black clad # 2 , take cover , ready the detonation device and ... black clad # 2 ( into he headset ) Fire in the hole . he flip a switch and ... ka - boom ! a explosion rip through the vault ! 13 int . lobby - american national bank 13 a pillow of smoke blows into the lobby ! lorenz stand unflinching . the explosion be expect . behind the customer service window -- a eager teller , 30' , seize the moment . he reach up and presses the silent alarm button ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 7 . black clad # 4 turn just in time to see it , quickly fire he weapon ! the eager teller slump against the wall , bleed profusely from he neck , not dead yet . lorenz hustle over to Black clad # 4 . lorenz what do you think you be do ? black clad # 4 fucker push the alarm . lorenz glare disgustedly at he accomplice . lorenz it would have make more sense to shoot he before he push the fuck alarm . not after . ( look at the eager teller ) Jesus . lorenz level , very calmly , he weapon at the eager teller 's head and ... lorenz and ... if you be go to do something . ( fire he weapon ! ) do it right . the eager 's teller 's body keel over , dead . lorenz check he watch ... 9:26 a.m. lorenz ( into microphone ) alarm 's trip . we be on a clock . ( to Black clad # 4 ) get this people out of the way . a14 ext . motel - day - establishing a14 the four season it be not . 14 int . shower / motel bathroom - day 14 there 's not enough soap on the planet for teddy to feel clean . doubt and fear present on she face . she turn off the water , and step out ... when she do her pager , off screen , chime ! 15 int . motel bedroom - day 15 teddy , a towel wrap around she , pick up the pager . the number : 911 . she pick up the telephone , dial . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 8 . teddy ( beat , then ) this be detective galloway . 16 ext . american national bank - day 16 siren blare ... police car brake hard , block traffic . officer fly out , shotgun out ! helicopter circle . news van speed onto the scene as the crowd build . stand in the center of thing ... detective bernie callo , 40' , a stern , by -the-book cop . not a popular member of the force . two officer , 30' , follow he . callo ( into he radio ) I want all point of entry identify and cover . we need swat here now . have emergency crew stand by ! officer at bank ( be : the media ) do not take they long . callo set a perimeter . move them back . officer at bank how far ? callo Portland . a17 int . SMALL office - american national bank - day a17 a phone cord be yanked from the wall ! Black clad # 1 and # 4 push customer and employee inside ! they door slam shut . 17 int . private office - american national - day 17 Pov of lorenz - callo approach the tech Van . lorenz peek through the curtain . a phone press between he shoulder and ear . he place a voice modulator over the phone 's mouthpiece ( this will leave he voice sounding lifeless and distorted to that on the receive end ) . intercut with : shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 9 . 18 ext . american national bank - day 18 callo arrive at the police tech van . so state - of - the-art NASA be green with envy . brendan dax , 30' , the techno-wizard , with headphone on , hand callo a phone . several other officer listen in . dax we have they on the line . dax press a series of button . dax we be hot . callo ( into phone ) this be detective callo , Seattle p.d . who be I speak with ? lorenz no question . it 's time to set the rule . I be in complete control of this facility . no one get in or out without my say and I will execute every last man , woman and child in here if my need be not meet . do not test I . today , I be a man of zero patience . callo I be listen . lorenz see if you can not screw this up , detective ... I have but one demand . one and only demand . 19 omit ( combined into sc. 17/18 ) 19 20 int . conner apartment - day 20 conner wear a T-shirt and some sweat , open he refrigerator , grab a bottle of water . when he close the door ... he notice Jenkins and a young detective on he deck . conner cross , open the door for Jenkins and detective shane dekker , late - 20 . dekker 's all business when it come to be a cop . Green , but eager to prove himself . after a long beat ... conner do you have a warrant ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 10 . jenkins I need to speak to you , quentin . conner there 's where you shit out of luck because I do not need to speak to you . jenkins it 's important . conner and Jenkins trade serious stare . conner finally relent . Jenkins and dekker enter . dekker notice - the stack and stack of book . jenkins quentin , this be detective Shane dekker . conner huh ? you do not look like much of a detective . dekker funny . I be go to say the same about you . conner charm . jenkins Shane just transfer in from Tacoma . his father ... conner save you breath . I really do not care . before Jenkins can respond , from the bedroom , a tall , blond woman , 20 , emerge , completely nude . the man watch as the woman , paying they no attention , retrieve a bottle of water from the fridge , then return to the bedroom . no word speak at all . after the moment have pass ... conner why do not we can the chit-chat . get to what 's on you mind . jenkins we have get a hostage situation , american National Bank . the sonsabitch say they would not talk to anyone but you . conner no shit ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 11 . jenkins no shit . I need you to do this . conner why should I ? dekker because people 's life be at stake . that take priority over you ego . conner ( to Jenkins ; be : dekker ) you may want to put a leash on he . ( beat ; think ) say I do want to help ... I be still suspend or do that slip you mind ? jenkins the commissioner 's office have order I to reinstate you . as of now , you be back on the force . conner just like that ? jenkins just like that . ( beat ) I will not , however , unleash you alone . conner always a catch . jenkins Shane , here , be you new partner . consider he a young version of I , look over you shoulder , watch every move you make . the idea of a new partner do not sit well with conner . jenkins do not think I endorse this . if it be my call , you would be with you partner ... conner you mean ex-partner . jenkins ... on the unemployment line with he . conner for a moment there , I think you care . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 12 . jenkins I care about that innocent people down there . I hope to God someone have not make a monumental mistake let you back in . conner I appreciate the word of encouragement and the confidence you have in I . I look forward to the continue , positive relationship we have share in the past . 21 omit ( combined into sc . 20 ) 21 22 omit 22 23 omit 23 24 omit 24 25 omit 25 26 ext . american national bank - 10:27 am - day 26 police corral the ever-grow group of spectator . a swat truck pull up , the back door fly OPEN ! swat exit in a flurry , race into position . amidst the commotion ... jenkins ' car navigate the scene , stop next to ... karen cross immediately recognize conner , order she cameraman to center on he . conner , dekker and Jenkins climb out of the car , head towards the crime scene , when ... karen cross detective conner ? detective , can we have a few word ? conner turn , recognize Karen . relishing the moment ... conner I will give you two ... ( pause for effect ) blow I . if you need a follow - up comment let I know ? ( to dekker ) cunt make she career off I . at the police tech van -- shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 13 . conner , dekker and Jenkins arrive , find teddy , she hair still wet , with she partner , det . vincent durano , 40' , a middle of the road , never out on a limb type cop . callo look on , the rage boil inside of he . conner teddy , Vincent ... ( completely ignore callo ) ... Nice to see you both . jenkins conner have be reinstate to full active duty . it 's he scene . this info come as a surprise . especially to callo . callo the last hostage situation this guy head , a innocent civilian die . conner I be not responsible ... callo you never be . that girl would be alive today if it be not for you cowboy antic . you destroy life . conner fuck you . look who 's talk about destroy life . jenkins decision 's be make , bernie . callo I be first on scene and I have seniority . ( plead ) do not do this , Martin . jenkins we will talk about it later . take a hike . callo ( beat ) Fine . I will watch this train wreck from home . callo exit . conner ( sarcastic ) I be go to miss he . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 14 . jenkins swat , because of the special circumstance will defer to conner . he 's in charge . vincent first time I have hear swat defer to anyone . jenkins ( pull aside conner ) second chance do not come around often . do not blow it . Jenkins skeptically eye conner before step away . he motion for dekker to walk with he . jenkins anything questionable happen today , you let I know . dekker yes , Captain . out of earshot , conner watch dekker and Jenkins . teddy look like you get yourself a baby - sitter . conner glare at teddy out the corner of he eye , then dismiss the comment . time CUT to : 27 ext . american national bank - day 27 more spectator , more media . conner , dekker , teddy and Vincent hover behind the first barricade . conner unwrap gum , stick it in he mouth . vincent we have approximately four to seven , heavily armed man hold a unspecified number of customer and employee hostage . conner you be just a wealth of knowledge , be not you ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 15 . teddy witnesses hear shot fire and some kind of explosion . and they only demand have be to speak with you . conner I be sure it will not be the last . get I a line into the bank . let 's see what they really want . time CUT to : 28 int . private office - american national bank 28 a phone ring ... lorenz enter , shut the door and remove he mask . he let a few ring pass , before answering . lorenz ( into voice modulator ) detective conner ? intercut with : 29 ext . american national bank - day 29 conner and company gather outside of the Police tech Van . dekker pull a pad and a pen , prepare to take note . dax sit , headphone don , record the entire conversation . conner who be I speak with ? lorenz for now ... you can call I lorenz . dekker write , " lorenz . " conner okay , lorenz , how be we do in there ? can we get you anything ? food , medical supplies . we hear a explosion . lorenz everyone who matter be fine . of course , I would have prefer not have the authority involved at all . we be not plan to be here this long . but , since Seattle 's finest need a presence on the scene , I be glad it 's you . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 16 . conner my fame proceed I . lorenz do not be flatter . I need someone who 's be through the experience before . hopefully this time it will go better for all involved . I plan on live a full , long and rich life . I do not , however , expect they to find you so quickly . I think you be suspend . dekker write , " in the know , " on he pad . conner I be , but I be back . you be information 's old . lorenz you never get what you pay for . ( back to business ) you want to know about the hostage ? how many and be they okay ? dekker scribbles , " pro " . conner yes . lorenz approximately forty , they be fine , consider . all except one . we have a situation . conner someone 's dead ? lorenz Theory ... put to practice be not always perfect . can not expect to keep the hostage in check if a bad deed go unpunish or they may ... randomly decide to revolt . Chaos ... have some order to it . ( conner drift in think ) detective ? be you still with I ? teddy snap she finger . that get conner attention . there 's a new intensity to he demeanor . conner what else will I be look for ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 17 . lorenz demand ... probably too much to ask for you and you colleague to pack up and go home ? conner safe to say . lorenz stay by the phone . I will contact you shortly . conner lorenz ... lorenz do not worry , I have no plan until sunrise tomorrow , so hunker down . it 's go to be a long one . conner wait , we be talk here ... lorenz patience , detective . we do not want another Pearl Street Bridge , do we ? conner 's throw by the mention of Pearl Street Bridge . lorenz abruptly hang up . dax he 's off . 30 ext . american national bank - day 30 the crowd grow . the media build up intensifies . through a television camera ... Karen Cross report : karen cross this standoff be approach two hour now . we have be tell detective have make contact with the perpetrator inside the bank . whether any specific demand have be make , we cannot confirm . as soon as we know something , we will pass it on to you . report live , Karen Cross , channel two news . cameraman ( os ) we be clear . karen cross who the hell write this shit ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 18 . 30a int . lobby - american national bank 30 a Black clad # 1 and # 4 remove from they bag - rope , pulley , a iron spike and hammer . # 1 also remove ... a spear-gun . # 1 connect the rope to a spear . fire the spear into the wall above the bank 's front window ! he snag a 2nd spear , repeat . 31 police tech van -- 31 the detective huddle . impatience level high . conner ( to dax ) try again . dax he 's not pick up . conner ( stern ) try again . dax , humble , do as order . conner ( glance about ) where 's we fearless Captain ? dekker go uptown to brief the commissioner . conner so you be here in he place . conner fumble with the wrapper , but eventually stick another piece of gum in he mouth . teddy notice . conner nicotine gum . teddy ( shock ) you quit smoking ? conner caffeine , too , if you must know . ( another shock ) what ? a man 's capable of change . teddy a man , yes . you ... I be not so sure . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 19 . conner do not worry , I still have a vice or two . dax Fifteen ring . no answer . conner try again in five . teddy what be they do in there ? vincent wasting we time . time . the word ring in conner 's head . he start to put it together . conner precisely . he know police protocol , not to mention the shit in we own precinct . he 's disguise he voice , mean he 's get a record and have do this before . he 's heavily armed and well - connect . he know he 's surround . he have not ask for a damned thing . he drop that hint about sunrise , prepping we for a long wait . he 's buy time . why ? vincent ( brainstorm ) to figure out he next move . he be not expect we . dekker no , he be not expect you . he say , he think you be still suspend . conner probably think it would take the whole day for you to find I . give he the time he need . teddy he 's stalling . dekker he almost have what he come for . conner nod , eye dekker as if for the first time . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 20 . conner or ... he 's get what he come for and he 's wait for he ticket out of here . ( the decision ) we be go in . teddy what ? conner the bank have three point of entry . teddy and Vincent , take a swat team , head to the West side . we will have the swat Commander take the East . dekker , you be with I . where be the swat Commander ? vincent I will find he . Vincent leave conner with dekker and teddy . teddy ( to conner ; concern ) that 's a big call , quentin . think about what you be do ? conner you question I , teddy ? teddy unfortunately ... yeah . conner I question how you can fuck that asshole and still manage to look in the mirror . teddy I be not go to get into this now . and you be one to talk . I hear ... conner ( interrupt ) the hostage be in imminent danger . they have confess to kill someone , a automatic murder one charge - that 's a life sentence , maybe a needle for all of they . so why keep witness around to testify ? long we wait , the great the risk . we need to go in . now . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 21 . teddy ( beat ; then relent ) okay . even dekker seem to agree with that theory . Vincent arrive with the swat commander , 40' , a former navy seal with a " do not fuck with I " attitude . swat commander I get sniper up top and ten soldier on the ground . conner what 's the best way in ? swat commander tear gas , blow the door ... conner hold on . no explosive . I get forty civilian in there , too great a chance . any other way ? swat commander there 's no pussy way in . the door be lock electronically from the inside . we be not get in without force . conner ( beat ; think ) what if we cut the power ? that will disable the system and we can open the lock manually , come in that way ? swat commander ( think ; concede ) that will work . conner so we will take the pussy way , Commander . we cut the power and go in at 11:15 sharp ! time CUT to : 32 ext . american national bank - 11:13 am - day 32 sniper on rooftop ready they weapon . swat team move into position , cover all bank entrance . at the tech van -- conner and dekker slip into bulletproof vest . teddy , Vincent and the swat Commander arrive . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 22 . teddy the bank 's equip with emergency generator , which once the power 's down , will kick back on in approximately 3 - 6 minute . conner it will be over before that . Commander , you man in position ? swat commander stand by . conner I will call for the power to be cut . once down , wait for my signal and enter . no one move until I give the " go " , understand ? they all nod . they be ready . conner you have do this before , right ? wait ... I do not want to know . 33 int . side office - american national bank 33 various shot of hostage . it 's quiet , until ... Black clad # 1 and # 4 burst , grab two random hostage , drag they out ! they put up some fight , but quickly concede . the hostage sit shaking , cry ... scare beyond belief . 34 int . behind customer service - american national bank 34 lorenz watch out the window ... Pov of lorenz - swat , police get into position . lorenz turn from the window . lorenz they be comin' . 34 a in the lobby -- 34 a Black clad # 1 and # 4 drag the two random hostage , kicking and scream , towards the anchor / pulley ! random hostage # 1 what be you do ?! let I go ! # 1 &amp ; # 4 fasten the hostages to rope connect to the pulley ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 23 . 35 ext . front entrance - american national bank - day 35 behind a barricade , conner crouch down beside dekker and he swat team . conner ( into radio ) let 's go around the horn . 36 on the west side -- 36 teddy , Vincent and a swat team ... teddy one , check . 37 omit 37 38 on the east side -- 38 the swat Commander and he team ... swat commander two , check . 39 rooftop # 1 -- 39 a sniper hold he eye to the scope . sniper # 1 Three , check . 40 rooftop # 2 -- 40 sniper # 2 four , check . 41 at the MAIN entrance -- 41 conner glance at he watch ... conner here we go ... cut the power . 42 int . american national bank 42 instantly ... everything black out ! light , computer , etc . the hostage grab each other tightly . panic evident . lorenz and the Black clad calmly react . 43 ext . american national bank 43 conner make the call ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 24 . conner Doors ! each team make they move , when ... 44 int . private office - american national bank 44 lorenz ( into he headset ) now ! 44a int . lobby - american national bank 44a Black clad # 1 pull a cord , instantly ... all the curtain drop ! 45 ext . MAIN entrance - american national bank 45 conner freeze ... conner ( into radio ) hold it . what just happen ? 45a int . lobby - american national bank 45a Black clad # 3 flip a switch . suddenly , a canister attach to the pulley race up the rope ! the hostage have they foot yank out from under they , then shoot into the AIR ! they smash through a glass handrail on the second floor , then ... 45b ext . MAIN entrance - american national bank - day 45 B shoot to the top of the wall - length window ! they hang , dangle helplessly ! on full display for the outside to see ! dekker ( look up at the window ) Holy shit ...?! dekker . conner . swat . onlooker . everyone in the vicinity react in horror ! the news crews , lead by Karen Cross , race to grab the story . 46 on the east side -- 46 the swat Commander : swat commander we be go in ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 25 . 47 at the MAIN entrance -- 47 officer try to control the situation , but can not . pedestrian racing around . conner , in the middle of the anarchy ... conner no . do not go in . it 's a trap ! swat commander ( vo ) stand down , detective . this be my show now . conner ( flustered ) sonofabitch ! 48 on the east side -- 48 the swat Commander make he own call ... swat commander on my count ... one ... two ... three ... the swat team bum rush the bank , just as ... kaboom ! a fireball blast through the door , blows off its hinge ! the swat guy be blow off they foot ! then ... 48a ext . american national bank - day 48a the front window blow out ! a explosion ! FIRE shoot in all direction ! a police barricade blows over ! everyone outside be blown off there feet ! conner , dekker hit the deck ! shard of glass fly ! smoke flood into the street ! simultaneously , a explosion blast out the west side door ! the detective and swat team duck from the blast ! 49 across the STREET -- 49 the black clad' truck explode , flip in the AIR ! it 's a genuine war zone ! smoke , FIRE and debris litter the area around the bank ! 50 from the bank -- 50 conner peer up as ... the hostage run out , scream in terror ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 26 . conner and dekker head for the bank , pass two group of four uniformed officer ... dekker ( to the first group ) round up all the hostage , anyone that come out , grab them ! conner glare at dekker . conner ( to the second ) the rest of you , come with we . the officer rush to protect the hostage , pull they to safety . camera crews and reporter pounce on the opportunity . conner and dekker lead the charge inside , gun draw . 51 int . lobby - american national bank 51 emergency light burn ! glass crackle under foot as conner , dekker and the officer move through . caution with each step . the lobby 's clear . conner pull the officer close . conner ( whisper ; to dekker ) we split up . ( whisper ; to the officer ) you two with he . you two with I . ( to dekker ) check the back . dekker nod , lead he group away . conner proceed ... 52 behind the counter -- 52 nothing . conner spot a door in the back mark , " Bank employee only . " 53 the vault -- 53 dekker check it out , but it 's empty . the remnant of the explosion remain . suddenly ... the generator roar to life ! the power blink back on ! dekker jump , startle by the sudden blast of light . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 27 . 54 employee's only office -- 54 all the light come up , as ... conner kick in the door , but ... it 's empty . 55 a bank corridor -- 55 dekker lead he group . his heart pounding through he chest . his gun up and ready . suddenly ... a noise up ahead ... he bare down , take a deep breath , carefully proceed until ... teddy and Vincent emerge . teddy exhales , lower she weapon . so do dekker . 55a int . lobby - american national bank 55 a conner stride out from behind the counter ... conner ( to Vincent ) see anyone come you way ? vincent no . no one go by I . the swat commander approach hold a couple of the black mask , some black body armor . swat commander detective ... we find this . conner take one of the mask in he hand . conner we let they walk right past we . dekker , teddy , the swat Commander , officer , Vincent and the swat team stand in the middle of the lobby , stunned . conner , he anger simmer to a boil , until finally ... conner shit ! time CUT to : 56 ext . american national bank - 11:48 am - day 56 a officer unfurl a fresh roll of " police : caution " tape around the scene . still mayhem , but gradually come under control . Police interview hostage , so do reporter . paramedics administer oxygen . two coroner load the eager teller 's body into they truck . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 28 . 57 int . lobby - american national bank 57 Vincent , cover in debris , confer with conner . vincent we get the one teller dead , the two that be strung up be alive , but in critical condition . a few swat incur 2nd degree burn , but that 's the worst of it . now , depend on who you talk to ... there be anywhere from five to nine perp . and nobody get a good look at any of them , wear they mask the whole time . dax be round up the security tape now . that should give we a firm number . conner I want background check on every hostage . they be all suspect until they be not . vincent you do not think one of they 's still here ? conner after this , nothing would surprise I . 58 ext . tech van - american national bank - day 58 dax pull cable , power cord , etc. , get set to go inside with they . dekker approach . dekker Excuse I ... I need to listen to the conversation between lorenz and conner again ? dax it will have to wait . dekker how long ? dax hour. maybe more . dekker ( too long ) show I how to play it myself ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 29 . dax look , this be not how it work . I do not take order from you . I do not know you and no one touch my stuff . you be go to have to wait . dax get he shit , start to go . dekker wait , then proceed into the van . dax turn , notice . 59 int . tech van 59 dekker inspect the equipment , when ... dax what the hell be you do ? dekker along with whatever they steal and this war zone they leave behind ... a man 's dead , and the killer be run free . I do not have time to wait . ( look at the equipment ) I will figure it out . thanks for you help . dax ( relent , demonstrate ) here . this dat machine . play , stop , rewind ... it 's just like use a tape player . headphone be jack in . tape 's already inside . dekker thank you . 60 ext . american national bank - day 60 a car pull up ... Jenkins step out . stare out over the scene , the mess . he 's a volcano ready to erupt . 61 int . security room - american national bank 61 a series of EIGHT black and white video monitor ... as we rewind . seven of the eight show record image of the bank . the eighth show only static . dax sit in front of the monitor . conner stand nearby . conner ( be : the eighth monitor ) what 's with this one ? dax that 's the camera in the vault . it blow in the first explosion . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 30 . the seven different monitor all begin in sync . on screen ... timecode burn in the corner . the hostage be drag across the lobby , where the Black clad hook they up to the pulley . the Black clad get into position . conner carefully scrutinize the image . on screen ... the timecode clock : Hit " 11:15:00 am " and ... static fill the screen ! dax that 's when you cut the power . conner so we can not id they . dax there 's a four minute , fifty - two second gap , before the image return . but ... conner they be long go by then . ( beat ; think ) go to the head of the tape , from when they first go in . document each move they have make for the two hour they be inside . dax you get it . hey ... awful lotta news camera outside . maybe one get a look at they come out ? conner ( good idea ) have Vincent check it out . teddy enter ... teddy conner , you better come out here . 62 int . lobby 62 conner and teddy walk in to discover ... Captain Jenkins confer with four FBI agent in suit . conner ( to teddy ) shit. fed . Jenkins turn to conner , gesture he over . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 31 . jenkins detective conner , join we , would you ? 63 int . tech van 63 dekker listen through headphone make note as he go . conner ( vo ) ( beat ; stern ) what do that mean ? lorenz ( vo ) Theory ... put to practice be not always perfect . can not expect to keep the hostage in check if a bad deed go unpunish or they may ... randomly decide to revolt . Chaos ... have some order to it . dekker , hit stop , then rewind . he check he ... in he notebook -- several word and phrase fill the page . " lorenz , sunrise , pro Theory , 40 hostage , Theory , randomly revolt , and Chaos . " dekker study the word intently , figure something out . he press play on the dat machine . lorenz ( vo ) Theory ... put to practice be not always perfect . can not expect to keep the hostage in check if a bad deed go unpunish or they may ... randomly decide to revolt . Chaos ... have some order to it . dekker press stop . dekker find a pattern , circle the word , " lorenz , Chaos , Theory . " 64 int . lobby - american national bank 64 conner , Jenkins and teddy converse with agent victor doyle , 40' , and the bank manager still a bit rattle . agent doyle Prince amar alle alban be one of the wealthiest and least popular Arabs in the Middle East . there 's be countless threat on he life and fortune in the past . but for better of worse ... he be a ally to the United States . the Prince keep a safe deposit box in twenty institution ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 32 . agent doyle ( cont would ) across the country . along with this bank , he also have a box at Eastern Federal saving in Charlotte , North Carolina , which be hit last month . same m.o . teddy what be in the box ? bank manager we do not keep record . the box be private . since 9/11 , we screen for live tissue , viruse or explosive , but if it pass that test , we do not ask . conner this be all real fascinating shit , but what about the money ? Bank robber still like cash , do not they ? bank manager the cash drawer do not appear touch . neither do the cash vault . teddy so they break into a bank and do not steal any money ? odd glance all about . agent doyle we believe the Prince 's box be the target . we be try to reach he now . jenkins thank you . agent doyle and the Bank manager leave . jenkins helluva come back , conner . be you familiar with the term franchise - size fuck - up ... conner depend , be we talk about you sex life ? because I have hear shortcomings . jenkins you get play , quentin . congratulation , you just top Pearl Street Bridge . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 33 . teddy that 's not fair . it be by the book . everything be accord to standard procedure . Jenkins ignore teddy . conner you come to I . I do not ask for this . jenkins commissioner 's office be scramble to cover they ass . they need a scapegoat ... and I have zero problem serve you up . conner you want this to happen . jenkins no . but if it have to happen to somebody . Jenkins exit . 64a ext . at the tech van - american national bank - day 64a conner approach ... dekker I think this lorenz be try to tell we something . conner you do not say . dekker the way he speak ... he pause before certain word . have you ever hear of the Chaos Theory ? conner what ? 65 int . diner near the bank - day 65 a grade " B " rating , top . customer dine , choke down coffee . at a booth -- empty plate and crumpled napkin litter the table . conner finish a cup of coffee , enjoy a slice of pie . dekker , all about work , go over he note . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 34 . dekker Edward lorenz invent the Chaos Theory in the 1960' . it 's the study of phenomenon that appear random , but in fact have a element of regularity which can be describe mathematically . conner ( confuse ) try that again ? dekker pretty much ... initial state of event may seem unrelated and random , but eventually pattern emerge and in the end all the piece fit together . the waitress refill conner ' coffee , lay down the check . waitress anything else , officer ? conner that will be all . ( to dekker ) you be a College boy . which one ? someplace I have hear of or one of that inbred state school no one 's hear of ? dekker U dub. conner not exactly Princeton , but not bad . how do you end up on the force ? dekker it 's kind of the family business . conner family business ? what , you dad , dad 's dad and so on and so back ? dekker squirm when it come to revealing personal info . dekker do we really need all this " get to know you " crap ? couple hour ago you do not give a shit . conner you have grow on I . besides , I be entrust my life to you . I should know something about you . I would ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 35 . conner ( cont would ) think you would like to know a little something about I . dekker I know about you , detective . everyone do . conner you do not say that with much enthusiasm . dekker not much to be enthusiastic about . conner reach he limit . time to put he in place . conner listen , my reputation often proceed I . you , however , have no reputation ; a fact I need to deal with . after you have be through the shit I have , then you can judge I . now ... we can try to work together , make the best of a bad situation or we can compare Dick size all day ... up to you . but since this be you first day here ... today ... mine 's bigger . vincent ( vo ) ( over radio ) conner , come in ? both man hold steely stare on one another . until ... conner ( into radio ) go. vincent ( vo ) get something you will want to see . conner drop a ten dollar bill on the table . conner lastly ... I do not like the pac - 10 . it 's overrate . I be a ivy League guy . conner get up , head for the door . dekker , humble , scoops up conner 's ten , put it in he wallet and drop a twenty down on the table , slide out of the booth . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 36 . 66 ext . american national bank - day 66 conner , dekker and teddy approach a news truck . Vincent stand with Karen Cross and she cameraman who sport two black eye and a bloody nose . karen cross ( to conner ; with a smile ) detective ... can not keep away from I , can you ? conner ignore she , but dekker do not . he give she the once over . she notice , smile . vincent watch . he point to a monitor in the van , press play . 66a on screen -- 66a handheld image of the post bank melee . hostage scatter in all direction . cop race into the bank . a shaggy brown haire man , 40' , with a moustache and a angry expression , charge toward the camera and barrel over it ! knock the camera and the cameraman down ! conner ( to the cameraman ) well , that explain you . vincent ( to Karen ) Rewind it a little bit . ( she do , until ... ) okay . there . stop . on screen ... the image freeze on the shaggy man' face . vincent damon Richards . career loser . busted he two year ago on attempt robbery of the western Federal Bank . stupid bastard . never learn . dekker what 's he do back on the street ? vincent he give up he partner and cut a deal with the d.a. shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 37 . teddy gotta love the system . conner get a address ? vincent only thing on file be in spokane , but I recall he do have a girlfriend in town . gina , I believe . 67 ext . biker bar - lower CLASS neighborhood - 1:13 pm - day 67 the street be quiet . a row of harley davidson park in front . above the bar , a small , lower class apartment complex . 68 int . hallway - lower CLASS apartment 68 two police officer along with conner , dekker , teddy and vincent position themselves by the apartment . Vincent knock he fist on the door ... vincent gina , it 's the police . open up . there 's no response . but sound can be hear on the opposite side of the door . vincent ( pound louder ) we can hear you . again no response . it 's quiet . too quiet . conner ( to Vincent ; low ) step back . clear the door . now . just as Vincent do ... bam ! a gunshot blows apart the door ! fire from the inside of the apartment ! bam ! bam ! bam ! the blast keep coming ! everyone 's pin down , on the defensive . a woman scream from inside the apartment ! dekker gather himself together . conner turn into the OPEN doorway , fire a full clip into the apartment ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 38 . conner reload . everything 's quiet . conner look ... 69 in the apartment -- 69 a thin layer of smoke hover . but that 's all . nobody in sight . 70 in the apartment hallway -- 70 conner step inside , just as he reach the live room ... bam ! another blast ! this one from the bedroom ! conner drop to the floor , fall back into the kitchen ! teddy quentin ! dekker enter the apartment . 70a in the hallway -- 70 a teddy ( into radio ) Shots fire , officer down ! need a ambulance and back up . 70b apartment hallway / kitchen -- 70 B dekker pass the kitchen door , look in on conner . dekker you hit ? conner ( in pain ) I be fine . off screen : a window break ... from the bedroom . dekker head that way . 71 in the bedroom / live room 71 damon richard crawl onto the FIRE escape ! dekker ( in the doorway ) freeze ! but Richards do not . he fire another shotgun blast ! dekker duck back into the live room . he aim he gun into the bedroom without look ... rapid fire ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 39 . a bullet hit Richards in the shoulder ! he yelp in pain , but manage to ... 71a ext . FIRE escape - lower CLASS apartment build 71a Richards scramble out . 71b int . bedroom / live room - lower CLASS apartment 71b dekker look inside the bedroom , do not see Richards . he take one step inside when ... gina , 20' , latino , wear only a pair of red panty with no bra , run up behind dekker and jump on he back , fist flying ! dekker push she down , aim he gun at she . dekker stay down ! Vincent enter , grab gina . dekker Control she ! he do . dekker run to the bedroom window , peek out over ... 72 omit 72 73 omit 73 74 omit 74 75 omit 75 76 i/e FIRE escape / lower CLASS apartment - day 76 Richards ... floor below . clutch he shoulder in pain , yet fearlessly charge downward . dekker ( into radio ) suspect flee on foot . North on curson . he 's armed and dangerous . I be in pursuit . dispatch officer ( vo ) ( a beat ; over radio ) and who be you ? but he 's already go . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 40 . dekker hop onto the fire escape , hoof down the iron stair . Richards ... drop to the pavement . head for the street . dekker , a flight from the bottom , realize he disadvantage and hurl himself over the rail ! Hit the ground hard , wipe out ! jump up , shaking it off . stays in pursuit ! 77 ext . biker bar - lower CLASS apartment - day 77 dekker race around the corner ... a ford f-350 spin the corner . targeting dekker ! dekker jerk out he Glock . fire ! bullet ricochet off the grill , SPARKS fly ! windshield spiderweb . but this train be not slow down . the f-350 swerve , clip a harley . dekker jump before impact , bounce off the hood and roll away . the truck hit the street , speed away . dekker , grimace through the pain , scrape himself off the pavement . dekker 's eye dance ... spot the harley . dekker I be a police officer in pursuit of a murder suspect . I need you bike , now ! the biker ( beat ; toss the key ) it 's all yours . dekker pick up the bike , hop on . fire up the engine . 78 i/e harley -richards's truck / CITY street - day 78 Richards ' truck speed around a slow moving vehicle and whip into a alley . the slow vehicle skid to a stop ! dekker 's hog , cut inside , between the vehicle and the sidewalk , rip into the alley . 78a i/e harley -richard ' truck / alley # 1 - day 78a Richards fishtail down the alley . barely maintain control . garbage dumpster be litter about create a obstacle course . dekker pursue . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 41 . 78b i/e harley -richards's ford truck / intersection - day 78b Richards barrel out of the alley , through the intersection and into another alley . oppose traffic skid out . angry driver let he have it . dekker skid sideways , steer around the blockage . catch sight of ... down the block ... a patrol car speed down hastings Street . dekker revs the engine , maneuver around the angry driver and follow Richards into the second alley ! 78c i/e patrol car / hasting STREET - day 78c conner , behind the wheel , speed towards the scene . 78d i/e harley -richards's truck / alley # 2 - day 78d Richards race , check the rearview mirror ... dekker 's hog close in . up ahead ... the alley exit onto richard STREET . Richards approach the mouth of the alley , just as a STREET cleaner appear , start to block the exit . Richards stamp on the accelerator , speed through the small open , just past the Street cleaner ! dekker 's not so lucky . see the Street cleaner too late ... lay out the hog and roll just as ... the hog slide into the Street cleaner ! 78e i/e richard ' truck / STREET intersection / patrol car - day 78e dekker get up , look down the street , sees ... Richards get away , speed down the street , through another intersection , when ... crash ! conner , in a patrol car , plow into the rear of the truck , spin it around . dekker race towards the crash site . conner climb out of the car . Richards shake he head , clear it . blood squirt from he mouth . he see , through the windshield , conner come for he . he scramble for he handgun , look up to see conner , but he 's not there . Richards turn as ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 42 . conner appear in the Driver 's side window , grab the back of Richards ' head and slam it into the steering wheel ! again ! conner reach inside , grab the handgun . as dekker arrive ... richard I want ... my ... lawyer . his last word before passing out . 79 int . live room - lower CLASS apartment 79 a half a dozen crime scene investigator go through the place . 79a int . hallway - lower CLASS apartment 79 a gina , a cop 's jacket around she , be lead away in handcuffs . dekker smirk . 79b int . live room - lower CLASS apartment 79 B a paramedic , 30' , check conner out . teddy conclude she cellphone conversation . teddy ( to conner ; be : Richards ) he 's unconscious , with a nice knot on he forehead , but stable . Three officer be watch the room . conner he wake , they call . ( to the paramedic ) hey quincy , give it a rest , I be fine . paramedic ( beat ) quincy be a coroner . you may have a crack rib . you should go to the hospital . conner I should do a lot of thing . the paramedic give up , exit . teddy lean down beside conner . teddy you sure you be all right ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 43 . conner I be fine . conner and teddy share a look , when ... dekker enter . dekker girl 's name be gina Lopez , twenty - eight . done some time for possession , have two kid ... be I interrupt ? conner no . teddy Excuse I . teddy exit . dekker gina claim she do not know anything about a bank robbery . conner of course she do not . Vincent ! Vincent trudge out of the kitchen . conner have them put Ms. Lopez in interrogation one and turn the a/c on full . leave she alone and cold . let I know when she nipple can cut glass . vincent will do . ( to dekker ) detective ... I do not realize when we first meet who you be . I work with you father . it be only for a brief time when I first get outta the academy , but it be a honor . conner ( surprised ) you father be Harry dekker ? vincent I wish it could have be for longer . dekker thanks . Vincent exit . conner look at dekker in a new light . dekker start away , until ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 44 . conner ( new subject ) that be some fancy riding . you have a bike ? dekker use to , but I sell it . ( show he scrape on he arm ) they be dangerous . marnie rollins , 20' , a CSI officer , wear glove , poke she head in the room . marnie detective . ready for you . 80 the bedroom -- 80 two large suitcase rest OPEN on the bed . marnie prepare a report . conner somebody go on a trip ? marnie look like it , do not it ? conner marnie , you be look well . marnie Heard you be back , conner ... and keep dream . marnie give dekker a amorous glance , which he return . marnie ( to dekker ) you , on the other hand ... I gotta bike myself . maybe we can go for a ride sometime ? or maybe I can just ride you . conner look at both of they . conner can we get back to work ? marnie we get passport , sun tan lotion , bermuda short , thong bikini , hopefully hers and this ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 45 . she open a large duffel bag . conner and dekker look inside the bag ... it 's full of cash ! all denomination . dekker must be a fifty large there easy . his cut ? marnie you would think , right ? dekker it 's not ? marnie do not put word in my mouth , but ... two thing jump out here . first , each bank branch have they own money band . this be not american National 's . after a little check , it belong to Pacific saving of Seattle . dekker that sound familiar . marnie it should . four month ago , a half million dollar be steal in a armed robbery there . just a smash - n- grab job . they catch the guy a day later , recover about $ 400,000 . that guy have be in lock up since and they trial 's still pend . which lead we to point number two . do you smell that ? dekker ( smell the bill ; grimace ) what be it ? marnie when evidence be take in , any physical contact might affect the ability to lift print , so , to mark it , we now spray a scent solution directly on the bill . conner be that new ? marnie Wave of the future . gotta keep up with the time , conner . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 46 . dekker so this money 's not from we bank . marnie no . this be the money from the Pacific saving job and we evidence room . ( smile ; to dekker ) now ... for a list of thing you can put in my mouth . 81 int . hallway - lower CLASS apartment - day 81 conner and dekker confer with teddy and Vincent . conner do you remember who head up the Pacific saving case ? teddy I think it be callo . why ? conner no reason . just think out loud . 82 i/e conners' car / CITY street - day 82 conner and dekker head back to the police station . it 's quiet between this two , until ... conner when you say it be you " family business " I do not think ... I guess I just do not connect the dot . dekker do not worry about it . conner you father be a hero . dekker yes he be . conner at first I think maybe you be related to the Captain . dekker no . no relation . conner the Captain , he just kind of " discover " you . through the academy , to excellent evaluation report , while ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 47 . conner ( cont would ) on the beat , to the high test score on the detective 's exam . dekker something like that . conner that 's how he find I . this surprise dekker . conner maybe we be not as different as you think . 83 int . interrogation room - seattle police department 83 a small , cold room with a large mirror along the west wall . gina sit at the table , shiver . her breath visible , so be she nipple through a white , seattle p.d. t-shirt . conner pace around she like a circle shark . dekker 's in the corner , observe . conner we find the money . gina that money be dwayne 's ... conner that money come from we evidence room . gina I tell you . I do not know nothing about a bank robbery . whatever damon be into , I do not know ! conner so , where be you go ? gina vacation . conner this be not possession or solicitation , gina . this be felony - murder one . you could get life . gina I !? I do not do nothing ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 48 . conner ( frustrated ) it 's " I do not do anything . " " do not do nothing " be a double negative , infer the positive . the grammar in this country suck . gina then I do not do any - thing ! conner take a seat next to gina . his eye burn through she . conner this be not go away . you want to walk out of here , you tell I something ... now . gina I swear I do not know . now I be do talk . I want a lawyer . dekker lower he head . disappointed . conner you sure that 's what you want ? gina yeah . conner Fine . then it 's two phone call I will make . the first will be to the public defender 's office . the second to child 's service . gina what ? suddenly gina 's bravado disappear . suddenly a scared and lonely girl . conner it 's simple ... if you insist on a lawyer , I take you kid . gina no . conner not like you care about they anyway . you be ready to fly the coop with " shit-for-brain . " shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 49 . gina no . you can not do that . conner I can and I will . gina do not . conner tell I what I want to know ! dekker stare incredulously at conner . gina ( break ) I do not know anything . please do not take my kid . please . conner stare into gina 's eye . she 's tell the truth . conner wrap he coat around gina 's shoulder . conner get she some coffee ... something hot . 84 int . bullpen - seattle police department - day 84 dekker and conner ... dekker you believe she ? conner I think for the first time in that girl 's life she 's tell the truth . dekker you have to know , once she ask for a lawyer anything she tell we would have be inadmissable . conner who would have know ? it would have be my word against hers . who do you think the jury would have believe ? dekker justice by any mean . even if you cross the line . conner the only line around here be the `blue line ' , you cross that one , then you get ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 50 . conner ( cont would ) problem . ask callo , he know what I be talk about . teddy enter , hand conner a sheet of paper with : " evidence : item # 4958378 " scribble on it . teddy that serial number marnie fax I ... accord to we computer , that money should be downstairs . 85 int . evidence room - seattle police department 85 occupies almost the entire basement of the police station . a steel cage protect the content . at the front counter -- conner and dekker wait . no one 's work at present . dekker peer inside , anxiously look for someone . dekker ring the service bell . finally ... harry hume , 50' , the cop on watch , limp to the desk . crotchety , with a overgrown belly , Frank 's see better day . there 's no love loss between Harry and conner . conner ( cold ) buzz we in . harry ( colder ) you gotta sign first . conner and dekker scribble they signature down . harry I hear you be back . kinda like not have you around , conner . Harry take the clipboard , examine it until satisfied . then reluctantly buzy they in . conner have another donut , frankie . dekker and conner proceed inside . they walk along the vast rows of evidence , scan the shelf , check the number . conner that fat fuck be the sole guardian of the city 's biggest source of contraband . drugs. weapon . Cash . ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 51 . conner ( cont would ) all totalled , about $ 50 million or so just sit here for the take . finally , find the right row , they turn in . dekker you would have to have some major firepower , not to mention a extra large set of ball to try and knock off a police station . conner not if you be a cop . you could just walk right in and ... a empty space , mark in tape , " item # 4958378 . " conner ... take whatever you want . shit . 85a at the front desk -- 85 a dekker and conner surround Harry as he dig through he file box . after a few moment , grab a clipboard . harry here be it . line seventeen . dekker bernie callo . harry like I say ... no one take anything out of here , unless they sign for it . conner so what ... he show you a warrant ? what ? harry he must have . conner you do not remember ? harry you know how many time someone sign shit in and out ? I see the same guy all the time . I can not remember one instance two week ago . but if he signature 's there , that mean he sign for it . take it up with he ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 52 . 86 int . captain jenkins' office - seattle police department 86 Jenkins listen as conner and crew brief the situation . conner the money from Richards 's place trace back to the Pacific saving heist a few month ago , a case callo head up . teddy callo sign the money out of evidence two week ago . jenkins how much ? teddy $ 433,000 . vincent if it 's callo , it would explain how they know police protocol and how we department operate . teddy also explain why he be so piss this morning about be replace by conner . he want to be the point so everything go accord to plan . conner he do not need another reason to be piss at I . jenkins what about motive ? do we have one ? vincent pressure might have be get to he . he 's be get the cold shoulder from cop since he testify about Pearl Street Bridge . jenkins no . do not buy that . teddy ( beat ) he be also get divorced . this be news to everyone . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 53 . teddy about a month ago , he tell I he and he wife might be split . ask if I know a lawyer who would not clean he out . I do not think it be this bad . jenkins ( conflict ) bernie callo be a first rate cop . a boy scout . this do not make any sense . conner they never do , Captain . jenkins do not act like you be not enjoy this , conner . I know what you think of he . conner do not matter what I think . fact here speak for themselves . dekker no they do not . we have not ask the question ... why , if callo 's involved , do not they ask for he at the bank ? ( point to conner ) they ask for you . all eye find conner . then , Jenkins ' phone ring ... jenkins ( answer the phone ) Jenkins . time CUT to : 87 ext . bernie callo' home - 4:18 pm - day 87 the small home in a rural area be now completely surrounded by cop car . 88 int . bernie callo' home 88 a typical family - theme home . family picture adorn the wall . everything in its right place . except for ... mrs. callo , 40' , sit in the kitchen sobbing . Police encircle she . in the center of the live room ... bernie callo lie dead , a bullet wound right between the eye . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 54 . several uniformed officer and CSI officer muddle through every nook and cranny of the tiny home . conner , teddy and dekker be lead around by a uniformed officer ... officer at callo house wife come home approximately forty - five minute ago . found he here . none of the neighbor hear anything . there 's no force entry and no one see anyone flee the scene . Vincent enter from the basement carry a large BOX . vincent blueprint from the bank , schematics , picture ... also , about a dozen internet article on the Saudi Prince . found it behind the furnace . conner nod . dekker well , that 's it , right ? suddenly ... the house telephone ring ! everyone peer around . after the second ring , the answering machine pick up ... callo ( vo ) you have reach the callo residence . no one can get to the phone right now . please leave a message . then ... after the tone ... lorenz ( vo ) ( from the machine ) detective conner ... be you there ? conner and everyone turn , listen . intercut with : 89 int . dark bedroom - night 89 lorenz stare ahead , transfix by something . lorenz be you connect the dot ? be you put it together ? be the pattern emerge ? they would not punish you , but I will . conner grab the phone ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 55 . lorenz Vengeance will be mine , detective . conner then come and get I you piece of shit . lorenz smile , hang up . he resume stare at the wall in front of he . reveal : hundred of photograph , newspaper clipping - all of conner - decorate the wall ! 90 ext . bernie callo' home - day 90 dekker lean back against the car , conner approach ... conner what they tell callo be the plan and what the plan really be may be two different thing . clearly this be not part of a plan callo would have agree with . dekker you would think a cop would be smarter . conner as cop we come across every temptation in the book . money , drug , power . we would all like to think we can resist any urge , but ... we be not saint . dekker so , callo be involved and now they be drag you into it . why ? conner man say he want vengeance . dekker piss anyone off lately ? conner I ? both can not help but smile . Jenkins walk up . jenkins I just get off the phone with agent doyle . after the Charlotte break in , the Prince withdraw all he possession from every safe deposit box in this country . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 56 . dekker let I get this straight , they do not touch the cash or the safe deposit box . so , they ... break into a bank , blow it up , and steal nothing ? ( to conner ) still make sense to you ? conner nothing about today make sense . dekker watch as bernie callo 's body be load into the coroner 's vehicle . teddy assist mrs . callo into a police car . Vincent carry the box of evidence from the home . dekker 's mind work overtime , then ... dekker " return to the earth now if you mind be troubled and you heart be uncertain . for it be by return to the beginning that we can clearly see the path . " conner and Jenkins share a confuse look . conner ( to Jenkins ) do not look at I , he 's you find . jenkins say that again , detective ? dekker we go back to where this all start . we go to the bank . 91 ext . seattle - 6:08 pm - night 91 the sun sink below the horizon . 91 a ext . american national bank - night 91 a as night settles , police and emt worker be still on site . 92 int . security room - american national bank 92 dekker and conner watch as dax operate . dax the tape confirm five bad guy , but since the vault cam blow in the explosion what they do in there be a mystery . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 57 . on a computer monitor - the EIGHT security camera angle appear . on the multiple screen ... just as in the open , lorenz lead this crew through the bank . immediately the group split up . in the vault ... one of the Black clad arrive and radio in . dax I have be through this tape twenty time already and nothing ... conner shutup . monitor # 5 ... in the vault , Black clad # 2 fire the explosive ! the image go to static . dekker wait , hold on a second . do you see it ? dax see what ? dekker go back a little . conner what ? dekker notice the camera angle , they be all fix . they do not rotate or pan . dax rewind , to before the explosion ... dekker there. stop. play it . look closely , camera five , the vault cam , dominate we attention because of the explosion . but while that 's happen , check out camera two , customer service . on screen ... several bank employees cower to the Black clad . suddenly , another Black clad disappear underneath the security camera . dax where would he go ? on screen ... as the explosion goe off , camera # 2 pan away from the customer service section , toward the lobby . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 58 . conner he move it . change the angle . he do not want we to see something . dekker what 's in that corner they do not want we to see ? dax rewind the tape again , before the camera be move and freeze frame on : a lone computer terminal in the corner . 93 int . american national bank 93 at the computer terminal ... a forensics technician , 30' , carefully dust the computer keyboard for fingerprint . dekker and conner look on . dekker be you at all concerned that there 's some whacko out there look to get you ? conner if I worried about every threat make against I , I would never leave the house . the technician turn on a black light and ... fingerprint appear all over the keyboard ! conner look to dekker , impressed . conner ( to the technician ) that be priority one . if he 's get a record , I want a i.d. yesterday . forensics technician I be on my way . conner dax , can you hack in there and find out what they be do on this machine ? dax hack into a nationwide bank 's central computer system ? Love to . dekker what do we do in the meantime ? conner you like italian ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 59 . 94 int . italian restaurant - night 94 the italian restaurant host , 50' , jolly with a thick accent , greet conner and dekker . italian host detective , where you be ? much too long . sit , sit . I give you best table in house . it will just be the two ? conner no , four . more be come . italian host wonderful , wonderful . who 's this young man ? conner for all intent and purpose ... he 's Big brother . italian host ( confuse ) he 's you brother ? conner no . italian host no matter , no matter ... I bring you bottle of house wine ! dekker we be still on duty . no wine . italian host ( insulted ) no wine ? conner a little wine . italian host that 's better . they get to the table , conner look at it . conner last time I be here , you say that table in the corner be the " best in the house . " shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 60 . italian host it be . anywhere you sit become best table in house . now relax , I bring you food . 95 later , still at the restaurant -- 95 a piano player recreate the sweet sound of Italy . patron sing along . eat , drink and be merry . at the detective's table -- Vincent and teddy have join conner and dekker . a mountain of food still remain . a couple bottle of wine have be consume , empty plate and basket roll spread about . the mood be happy , light . not think about they day . conner tell a anecdote , something that teddy and Vincent have hear before , but do not care . dekker watch the detective , admire in they closeness . conner Shane , what be that thing you say back at the house about " return to the beginning path " or something ? dekker it 's a Buddhist story . conner we be all ear . dekker one day the buddha find he heart in turmoil . so he retreat to the forest , to the earth , to the base of a great tree and , I be paraphrase , but ... this elephant come up and tell buddha he do not like see he discourage . teddy he can talk to a elephant ? dekker he 's the buddha . he 's attain the 6th level of consciousness . he 's capable of communicate with plant , tree ... even rock . vincent rock ? dekker you ask . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 61 . conner continue . dekker the buddha be troubled so he go back to where he come from , the beginning , to find the path , the answer . so when you hit a dead end , go back to the beginning to find you way . or something like that . conner we have a genuine philosopher in we midst . vincent you be a Buddhist ? dekker no. just something I pick up along the way . teddy but you be religious ? dekker not particularly . conner stare curiously at he new partner . then excuse himself to go to the men' room . dekker you be all pretty tight . teddy we have be through a lot together . dekker I guess I just think ... I do not know . with all the trouble he 's be in lately , come back from suspension , everyone would treat he differently . vincent you can not believe what you read or see on tv . if anything , we tie to conner be stronger . he 's one of the best . even when thing get pretty wild today and everyone else panicked , he be in control . that do not just happen . he 's just that good . teddy Excuse I . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 62 . teddy head for the lady room . vincent what be the buddha look for ? dekker the divine in himself . Art 's confuse . dekker 's cellphone ring . dekker how long do it usually take to for fingerprint to be id would ? vincent hour , maybe day . we could be wait a while . dekker ( answer ) dekker . / okay . ( snap the phone shut ... ) they get a match . 96 int . by the restroom - italian restaurant - night 96 long curtain divide the room . conner exit the men' room , teddy appear and before a word can be speak ... she kiss he hard , passionately on the lip . conner give in for just a moment . he break the embrace . conner what be you do ? teddy I realize something today . be around you , all that 's happen ... I can not ... I think I make a mistake . conner it 's too late . you have make you choice . live with it . this jab hurt teddy and conner know it . dekker part the curtain ... dekker we get a match . teddy separate from conner . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 63 . conner you get a name ? dekker Chris lei. conner ( a know disgust ) sonofabitch . 97 int . conners' car - night 97 conner drive , dekker read Chris lei 's file . on top of the file be a mugshot photo of , " lei , CHRIS " . he 's a early - 30 's chinese - american with a " weasel factor " off the chart . conner prick use to work for some big-time software company until they catch he dip into the company 's slush fund . they do not want the publicity so they do not press charge . couple year later , he be bust for looting the pension plan of retire cop . for a genius ... he 's a fuck moron . dekker this be you case . you and York . you make the bust . why do not it stick ? conner his lawyer put we on trial . Said we be crooked , abusive , that we plant evidence ... we be in the midst of the Pearl Street Bridge fallout . jury buy it . they let he walk and we be the scapegoat . dekker be it true ? conner the guy be guilty . he be scum . that be the truth . ( beat ) there 's something they do not teach you . the system break down . you have to compensate to get result . dekker that give you the right to break the rule ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 64 . conner break , no . Bend ... if it mean justice ... absolutely . dekker another thing they do not teach you . 98 ext . chris' house - night 98 off the main road , sit a dark , two - story home on a hillside . 99 int . chris' house - night 99 the design be modern , flawless and cold . every room be equip with video cameras and monitor . on the monitor ... the screen be divide into 16 small box show the action simultaneously throughout the house . we concentration settles on BOX # 7 ... 100 int . bedroom - chris' house - night 100 CHRIS lei , live and in the flesh , quickly stuff belonging into a suitcase . he 's nervous , tense . from the top drawer of he dresser , he grab a armful of underwear , sock , dump they into the suitcase . what Chris do not see ... in the reflection of the mirror on the dresser ... lorenz ! 101 ext . chris' house - night 101 conner pull the car to the curb . he and dekker hop out . 102 int . computer room - chris' house - night 102 from he second floor window , Chris see conner and dekker . CHRIS shit . Chris turn , find himself staring down a barrel ! lorenz fare thee well , Chris . Chris swallow , lorenz pull the trigger and ... 103 ext . chris' house - night 103 bam ! the gunshot echoes outside . conner and dekker draw they weapon , quickly descend on the house ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 65 . 104 int . front hall - chris' house - night 104 the front door kick in ! dekker and conner cautiously enter . they move the way veteran partner would . no indication that this two just meet today . the House be almost pitch black . conner motion that he 's go up , signal for dekker to take the back of the house . 105 int . kitchen - chris' house - night 105 dekker proceed inside . after a scan , the kitchen 's clean . 106 int . upstair hallway - chris' house - night 106 conner emerge from the stairway . 107 int . live room - chris' house - night 107 dekker step from the back hallway into the darkened live room . eye straight ahead and sharp . what he do not see ... lorenz step from the darkness . 108 int . computer room - chris' house - night 108 conner move from the hall , into the bedroom where he find ... Chris 's dead body . he check for a pulse when he notice ... on the monitor ... conner see a shadowy figure behind dekker ! 109 int . live room - chris' house - night 109 dekker , oblivious to lorenz 's presence , continue on . head for the front hallway . lorenz raise he gun , narrow he site on dekker . simultaneously ... conner dive , tackle dekker behind the live room wall -- lorenz open FIRE , unload a full clip ! a bullet graze dekker' shoulder ! the rest litter the wall , blow apart a mirror ! conner and dekker , behind the wall , regroup . conner retaliate . fire four round at lorenz , but ... 110 omit 110 111 omit 111 shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 66 . 112 ext . backyard - chris' house 112 lorenz burst through the back door , down the stair ! 113 int . live room - chris' house 113 conner and dekker ... conner you okay ? dekker yeah . 114 ext . backyard - chris' house - night 114 dekker and conner emerge from the house ... lorenz , on the other end of the yard , open FIRE ! the detective dive for cover ! lorenz exit through the fence 's door ... 114a int . alley behind CHRIS lei be house - night 114a ... and climb into a black mercede - benz , quickly peel away ! 114b ext . backyard - chris' house 114b dekker and conner bounce up , run out the back fence , but ... 114c ext . alley behind CHRIS lei be house - night 114c as they get there ... lorenz mercede , turn out of the alley and disappear into the night . dekker stare out , deflate . dissolve to : 115 omit 115 116 omit 116 116a omit 116a 116b omit 116b 117 omit 117 118 ext . CHRIS lei be house - night 118 police and emergency crews surround the house . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 67 . a emergency medical technician , 30' , attend to dekker 's injure shoulder . dekker grimace from the pain . conner approach ... conner first day in the city and you have already be shot . emergency medical tech it just graze he . dekker why do not I " just graze " you with a bullet and see how you feel . police officer # 3 you damon Richards be awake . 119 ext . hospital - night 119 to establish . 120 int . trauma room - hospital 120 handcuff lock Richards to he bed . Richards be hook up to a iv and a tube 's up he nose . a heart rate monitor chime rhythmically . two uniformed officer look on as conner and dekker enter . conner ( to the officer ) take five , guy . the officer exit . conner lock the door , walk to the bed , lean over Richards . conner hiya , damon . how you feel ? dekker ( tap conner ) May I ? conner concede the floor . dekker address Richards . dekker you remember I , do not you ? ( damon give a evil glare ) think so . dekker turn he attention to Richards ' iv , the tube which carry medication into he body . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 68 . from a nearby medicine cabinet , dekker rummages around . dekker I be ski about three year ago . aspen . beautiful country . ever be ? never mind . I hit a mogul , land on a sheet of ice and slam into a tree . break myself up pretty bad . kinda like you do today . I be in a hospital bed for three month . have it not be for ... here it be . ( he find ) morphine . without this stuff , I would not have make it . dekker fill a syringe with the entire bottle . dekker now this iv drip administer a small dosage every minute . make you feel relaxed and calm . no pain . but ... dekker stick the syringe needle tip into the iv bag . dekker if I be to inject this whole thing ... that would be all she write for damon . richard you do not have the ball . dekker presses down on the syringe , just a little , but enough to go into the bag . Richards can not believe it . dekker this equipment malfunction all the time . overdose be quite common . besides , I do not think the da 's go to launch a full - scale investigation over a scum like you . Richards attempt to signal for a nurse , but dekker pull the call button away . dekker you do not have to tell we a damn thing . plead the fifth ... roll the dice . dekker squeezy in some more , until ... Richards give in , signal that he will talk . 120a ext . hospital - night 120a conner and dekker exit , head to they car ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 69 . conner you fuckin ' hypocrite . you give I shit for my interrogate skill ... least I do not threaten they with a lethal overdose . dekker hold the empty vile up , hand it to conner . dekker there 's never be a single case in record medical history of someone overdose on 200 milliliter of saline . conner check the label , smile . dekker Bend , not break . that 's what you say , right ? a121 ext . seattle suburb - night a121 lorenz , aka scott curtis , enter he car . jenkins ( vo ) lorenz 's true identity be Scott curtis . he 's want in connection to three other bank robbery , extorsion and kidnap . 121 int . bullpen - seattle police department - night 121 Jenkins stand before conner , dekker , teddy , Vincent and two new detective - det . tommy branch , 40' and det . jerome knight , 50' . jenkins he 's also the brother of John curtis , the perp conner shot at Pearl Street Bridge . ( move on ) Richards testify that he be hire by curtis to pull the bank job with a dirty cop on the inside , bernie callo . curtis hope that conner would take the fall for american National turn ugly , disgrace he even further . we also have the name of two more accomplice , lamar galt and Xander harrington . everyone be set to meet tonight at ten and we have that address . ( beat ) after find callo and lei dead today , ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 70 . jenkins ( cont would ) it do not take a rocket scientist to know curtis be eliminate he accomplice . do not matter what curtis tell galt and harrington , he 's go to finish they off tonight . 122 i/e conners' car / CITY street - night - travelling 122 conner drive , dekker shotgun . conner more intense than normal . conner you never think of the repercussion . the suspect 's mother , father ... brother . how you decision affect they . ( beat ) he have murder in he eye . dekker John curtis . conner it be pour . light everywhere . if he have only do what I say . CUT to : 123 ext . pearl STREET bridge - night - flashback 123 conner , rain pounding down , aim he gun , mouth the word ... conner ( vo ) Drop the weapon . JOHN curtis , the kidnapper on the bridge , aim he gun , fire ! conner fire ! bam ! smash CUT back to : 124 i/e conners' car / CITY street - night - travelling 124 conner but it be not to be . dekker my father die when I be twelve . he walk into a liquor store in the middle of a stick up . guy just open fire . never even have time to react . they say he be a hero . know what ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 71 . dekker ( cont would ) that mean to a twelve year old ? ( beat ) because he die on the job , he 's a hero ? never make sense to I . conner so why become a cop ? dekker finish what he start . every day he go out , try to do some good . help the people who could not help themselves , just give them a chance be what he always say . do not always work out right , but he try . you try to help save that girl on the bridge . if you be not there , the girl still would have die . she have a chance because you be there . that 's all we can do . 125 ext . house - 10:25 pm 125 a two story house sit on a quiet corner in a quaint neighborhood . cricket chirp , break the silence of the night . two car sit in a gravel driveway . 125a on the front porch -- 125a through the open window ... two man , lamar galt , 40' , and xander harrington , 30' , sit in silence . they patience thinning . a125a in conners' car -- a125 a in the shadow ... in various hiding spot ... conner and dekker look out at the house . 125b in det . branch car -- 125b det . branch , look at he watch , then to det . knight . branch ( frustrated ; into radio ) it 's twenty - five after . how much longer we wait ? 125c in conners' car -- 125c conner ( into radio ) we go now all we get be galt and harrington . we want curtis . now relax and keep the line free . ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 72 . conner ( cont would ) ( to dekker ) this prick 's drive I crazy . conner dig into he pocket , realize ... conner shit . dekker what ? conner I be out of gum . teddy ( vo ) ( over radio ) head 's up . car 's come . 125d ext . house - night 125d a brown chevy drive past the house , but keep go . 125e in conners' car -- 125e dekker shit . 125f on the front porch -- 125f galt and harrington react the same to the car drive by . harrington check he watch , bark at galt . head for he car . 125g in teddy' car -- 125g teddy and Vincent watch ... teddy ( into she radio ) conner , we get a problem . 125h in conners' car -- 125h conner ( into radio ) we hold . no one move . 125i in det . branch car -- 125i branch ( into radio ) we can not let he walk . we have to go now . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 73 . 125j conners' car -- 125 J conner ( into radio ) no. stand down . 125k omit 125 k 125l teddy' car -- 125l vincent ( into radio ) we be go to lose them , conner . 125m in conners' car -- 125 m conner ( into radio ) no. no go . we wait . 125n at the house -- 125n harrington curse at galt who stand on the front porch . harrington wait while galt he make a cellphone call . 125p in teddy' car -- 125 p vincent ( into radio ) we bust they now , we get something . but if they get in that car we do not have jack squat . 125q in conners' car -- 125q conner we have three car here and uniform backup in all direction , if they ride , we will get they . I want curtis . we do not go in that house until I say ! 126 at the house -- 126 galt hang up . harrington unlock he car door . 127 i/e house and all car - night 127 teddy' pager chime ! harrington 's the first to hear it . in the dead silence , everyone soon do . just as teddy 's able to silence it ... harrington spot she car , do not think twice , just start firing ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 74 . his bullet keep Vincent and teddy pin down . knight hurry out of the car ... harrington see this , fire ! the bullet strike knight in the neck ! galt fire ! simultaneously ... branch fire ! harrington fire ! the bullet rip into harrington be arm ! he 's hit , but not down . he and galt duck back inside the house ! branch take a bullet in the leg . he go down . 128 in conners' car -- 128 conner trigger happy , son of bitch ! 129 around the house -- 129 conner , dekker , Vincent , teddy converge on the house . conner we take they alive ! dekker ( into radio ) all unit , all unit . Shots fire ! requesting backup immediately ! they all rush inside ... 130 int . house 130 conner and dekker make they way up the stair ... 131 downstair hallway -- 131 teddy and Vincent head down the hall ... 132 upstair hallway -- 132 conner and dekker move carefully . conner point for dekker to go in the other direction . dekker obey , slide down the other side of the hall . 133 in the kitchen -- 133 teddy 's on she toe . she smell something , but keep move . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 75 . on the floor ... a trail of blood lead to the dine room . teddy signal to Vincent . " that way . " 134 first bedroom -- 134 conner enter , check it out . 135 second bedroom -- 135 dekker stand outside the closet . he open it quickly , but it 's empty . except for ... on the far wall -- hundred of picture of conner . the same shrine we see lorenz in front of earlier . 135a dine room -- 135 a Vincent swing in from one entrance , teddy the other . she take a cautious step out , when ... bam ! a bullet zing past teddy - hit the wall beside her head ! harrington , from the corner , take aim again ! vincent drop to the floor , aim through the dining room table leg and fire ! the bullet tear into harrington's shin ! he scream in pain , drop to the floor ! 135b first bedroom -- 135b conner hear the shot , run out of the room . 136 second bedroom -- 136 so do dekker . 136a dine room -- 136a teddy move in on harrington . teddy Drop the gun ! harrington hold he gun up and out towards teddy . be he aim or surrender ? teddy Drop it now . last warning . but he do not . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 76 . bam ! teddy put a hole in harrington's chest ! he slump down , dead . 137 upstair hallway -- 137 conner and dekker meet by the top of the stair . conner teddy !? what 's happen ? Vincent appear at the bottom of the stair . vincent we get one down . he 's dead . 138 upstair hallway / staircase -- 138 dekker and conner share a look , disappointed . but then something catch conner 's eye . behind dekker ... a door open ... lamar galt aim he weapon ! conner gun ! galt fire ! conner push dekker out of the way , just in the nick of time ! dekker tumble down the stair ! Vincent break he fall . galt fire at conner , until he 's out of bullet . he duck back behind a door . conner fire ! but do he hit anyone ? conner pursue ... 138a at the bottom of the stair -- 138a dekker grab he head , in pain , but okay . 138b dine room -- 138b teddy lean against the wall , spot a vent ... a flash goe by ! 139 upstair bathroom -- 139 conner creep inside the partially open doorway . it 's quiet , until ... lamar galt lunge , tackle conner ! his gun fly from he hand . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 77 . 140 dine room -- 140 teddy 's eye fall to ... on the floor ... next to the base of the door be a fuse . it run from the wall into the vent . she follow it into the kitchen . teddy gas. ( loud ) get out of here ! get out of here now ! 141 front hallway -- 141 Vincent and dekker get up . dekker look upstairs ... dekker conner ! 142 upstair bathroom -- 142 conner and galt struggle . conner punch galt , send he back ! he then slam galt against the wall , galt knee conner in the gut . galt go for the gun , conner kick out he leg from underneath he ! but before conner can get the upper hand , galt fight back ! the two continue ... 143 int . kitchen 143 the fuse come out of the vent ... it's lit ! the oven ... hear the gas emission ... 144 ext . house - night 144 teddy rush from the house ... teddy everyone get down ! 145 int . kitchen 145 the spark . the gas. the explosion ! 146 int . front hallway 146 the blast blows dekker and vincent through the front door and out of the house ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 78 . 147 int . upstair bathroom 147 the explosion knock conner and galt off there feet ! conner hit the floor hard ! galt 's head slam against the toilet . 148 ext . house - night 148 teddy watch as ... a couple of uniformed cop race to Vincent and dekker , drag they away . 148a upstair bathroom -- 148a conner lean over galt , a giant gash across he forehead , feel for a pulse . he 's dead . conner look into the hallway , sees the FIRE ! 148b ext . house - night 148b dekker look around ... dekker where 's conner ? dekker and teddy look to the house , when ... ka - boom ! a second explosion ! the entire house blows ! dekker , vincent and the two officer duck for cover ! teddy stare at the house , horrified ! dekker get up , watch the flame consume the house ! teddy run towards the house , when ... dekker stop she . teddy no ! no , we have to go save he ! dekker we can not . teddy we have to . dekker teddy ... teddy no ! they both stare at the house . dekker hold she , she 's a mess . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 79 . 149 ext . a few mile away - night 149 lorenz aka scott curtis watch through a pair of binocular . no emotion evident . dissolve to : 150 ext . house - 11:10 pm - night 150 FIRE truck , police car and emergency vehicle surround the house . the light flash a eerie red across the scene . firemen try to extinguish the flame . several news truck have arrive , always after the story . a coroner , 40' , zip shut a body bag . Inside the badly burnt body of detective conner . the badge on he belt still visible . they load he into the truck . teddy , she face drain of life , stare at the truck . a fireman walk behind they , back towards the fire truck . jenkins huddle with a group of detective . jenkins ... if it have to be someone ... teddy and dekker overhear this . teddy ( to Jenkins ) you sonofabitch . jenkins teddy ... teddy you have always be jealous of he . jenkins jealous ? teddy it 's because he be not only a better cop ... he be a better man . jenkins detective . go home . teddy really want to explode , but do not . she walk away . Jenkins digest what she say , then he eye find dekker ... jenkins you have something you want to say ? shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 80 . dekker no , Captain . she say it perfectly . CUT to : karen cross find teddy , have she cameraman focus in on she . karen cross detective galloway , could you give we a comment ? teddy look straight into the camera , but can not say a thing . that 's when dekker grab the camera , push it out of she face . karen cross we just want a statement . dekker shame on you . karen cross this be more than just news for we . american National 's cfo sit on the board of Channel two . they have a vested interest in what 's go on . dekker find another source . Karen and she cameraman leave teddy and dekker alone . teddy conner be right . we should have never go in . how many more mistake can we make in one day ? he be eliminate he accomplice . we think he be go to show up ? we do not even think he could do this ... how dumb be we ? 151 int . bullpen - seattle police department 151 quiet , mostly dark . a few fluorescent light and a desk lamp ... dekker sit at conner ' desk . a somber moment , reflect on the man , he career . he shut off the lamp , head for the door . dax detective ? dekker turn to find ... dax , cradling a 3,000 page document . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 81 . dax I know what they be do inside the bank . dekker and dax -- dax flip through the huge document . dax this be today 's transaction record from the bank . a average day produce about 400 page , give or take . today , there be over 3,000 page . dekker meaning ? dax we have just witness the large heist in history . somewhere in the neighborhood of a billion dollar . dekker come again ? dax it 's a computer virus . " the Computer virus . " it randomly withdraw money from all the account and deposit it into the bad guy ' account . if you check the transaction , no two withdrawal amount be the same and none of them be over $ 100 . most security system work on the size of the money , not number of transaction . Wire out one million from a handful of account and red flag go up . Wire out a less than a hundred from ten million account , no flag . dekker where 's the money now ? dax I try follow one of the transaction . it take I a hour and when I finally have it ... it go away . dekker how be that possible ? dax the virus create a host of phantom account where the money go ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 82 . dax ( cont would ) temporarily , then transfer to another account , then to another . it 's never in one place long enough to get a accurate fix . dekker it 's still move the money around ? dax yeah . any deposit or withdrawal from any bank do not usually go into affect until the next business day . so it 's go to keep jump around until it clear at 9 am tomorrow . dekker ( realize ) or 6 am Pacific time . sunrise . so why break in ? if they be just wiring money ? could not they do that from anywhere ? dax that 's the regional manager 's computer terminal . there 's no outside / remote access to it . there you have unlimited entry to the bank 's mainframe . no password to work around , no " hack " in . it 's all nice and clean . dekker a billion dollar be miss and we be only discover this now ? dax ironically , when the power go out , it help hide the virus and buy it time to work . dekker so they be not try to make it look like they be robbing a bank , to rip off a Saudi Prince ? they be make it look like they rip off a Saudi Prince to rob a bank . ( realize ) the Chaos Theory . dissolve to : 152 ext . seattle police department - night 152 dekker shuffles to he car , he cellphone ring . answer ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 83 . dekker dekker . dispatch officer ( vo ) detective dekker , there 's a call for you . say it 's urgent . dekker put it through . lorenz / curtis ( vo ) good evening detective . I just want to compliment you on a fine day . you be a unexpected adversary that be most challenging . dekker it 's not over yet . lorenz / curtis ( vo ) wishful think . dekker no . my wish be to catch you . you be a murderer . a cop killer at that . lorenz / curtis ( vo ) I do not kill anyone who do not deserve it . callo be insignificant and conner cross I . in year to come you will thank I for get rid of he before he corrupt you . dekker I know about the money . you steal a billion dollar ... they will find you . lorenz / curtis ( vo ) a risk I be willing to take . it 's almost sunrise . fare thee well . lorenz hang up . dekker surprisingly calm , hang up the phone , head back inside the station . 153 int . bullpen - seattle police department - night 153 dekker at he desk , pile through mound of paperwork . not sure what to look for , he go through everything . his note from the bank . the file on galt , harrington , Chris lei . he even dig through conner and finally ... callo 's file . Jenkins head for the exit . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 84 . jenkins you be still here ? dekker ( in complete work mode ) callo 's insignificant . jenkins what ? dekker that 's what he say , callo 's insignificant . but he be not . jenkins what be you talk about ? dekker lorenz ... curtis ... call I . jenkins he call you ? dekker he say he do not kill anyone who do not deserve it . he say callo be insignificant . but without callo he would not have have the knowledge of we department and ... ( grab a clipboard ) ... he would not have have the front money to hire the crew . jenkins he be screwing with you head . go home , Shane . you do good today . you dad would be proud . get some sleep . there will be more bad guy tomorrow . Jenkins exit . dekker fall back into he chair . then ... discover ... callo 's file ... the property room sign - out sheet . the signature . 154 int . interrogation room - seattle P. D. - 1:43 am 154 Harry hume , the evidence room cop , out of uniform , walk inside , sit across from ... dekker , already here , with two different file available to he . harry I be in bed already . this could not wait till morning . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 85 . dekker ( cold ) how do he come at you , Harry ? it 's the only thing that do not make sense . harry what be you talk about ? dekker all day long we think callo be the dirty cop . all day long we be wrong . dekker slide some papers in front of Harry . dekker that 's the sign - out sheet from the evidence room . here 's one of callo 's report . here 's another one ... and another -- the signature be different , but Harry do not even examine they . he know . dekker they be not the same signature , Harry . they be not even close . harry ( shrug it off ) maybe he have a cramp in he hand . I do not know . dekker ( be : file # 1 ) this be you file ... you be reprimand , a month ago after you confront callo at the courthouse . you punch he . that ring a bell ? harry and I would do it again . cop who testify against cop should not be breathe the same air I do . there 's a line you do not cross ! dekker so you set he up ! you forge callo 's signature , you give he the money and you help he with he plan because you think he get a raw deal at Pearl Street Bridge ! do not deny it , Harry cause I know . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 86 . harry of course he got a RAW deal at pearl STREET bridge ! everybody got a RAW deal ! 155 omit 155 156 omit 156 157 ext . pearl STREET bridge - night - flashback 157 image flash before we eye ... the rain pour down ! a suv crash into a stall - out vehicle . JOHN curtis ( the kidnapper ) crawl out of the suv ! he see cop 's light approach . he drag lisa reann ( the victim ) out of the truck . a bright light ( from a helicopter ) strike John in the eye ! light ! everywhere bright ! it 's all very blinding ! cop block both side of the bridge ! tv reporter at either end of the bridge ! John hold the gun up to Lisa 's head as ... over john' shoulder ... conner approach , gun drawn ! Lisa struggle , tear stream down she face . a flash of light envelop conner ! close on ... a gun fire ! John drop lifeless to the pavement . back to : 158 int . interrogation room - seattle police department 158 Harry pound the table ... dekker you be help a cop killer , Harry . you be a year from pension . this be how you want to go out ? harry my conscience be clean . dekker this have be a very long , try day . and I be tired . we be chase a ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 87 . dekker ( cont would ) phantom . just when we have he ... he disappear . he 's be two step ahead of conner and I all day . harry of course he have . who know conner better than he ? dekker ( what ? ) how the hell do curtis know conner better than anyone ? Harry go silent . realize he just let the cat out of the bag . dekker ( realize ) we be not talk about curtis , be we , Harry ? ( still no response ) who would know conner better than anyone ? who would you protect ? and who in you mind get the raw deal at Pearl Street Bridge ? 159 ext . pearl STREET bridge - night - flashback 159 in reverse motion - JOHN curtis get up ... the bullet re - enter conners' gun ... lisa reann scream ! reveal the entire scene : lorenz / curtis stand next to conner on the bridge holding a gun . lorenz / curtis be york ! now resume action ... conner and York aim they gun at ... John hold Lisa tight . conner Drop the weapon . let the girl go . John push the barrel of the gun tighter into Lisa 's temple . york that , you do not want to do . York narrow he aim on John curtis . JOHN curtis one step closer and the girl die . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 88 . conner think about this ... you kill she , where be you go to ... simultaneously ... york fire just as Lisa struggle , move ! the bullet intend for John curtis , hit Lisa , kill she instantly . Lisa 's body crumple to the ground . conner and York look on in horror , know York 's bullet fell a innocent . John turn to fire on the detective ... conner fire - kill John curtis ! John 's body hit pavement . rain pour down ! 160 int . interrogation room 160 dekker put it together ... dekker it be York who be the bad cop . he assume Scott curtis 's identity to throw we off the trail . 161 int . the other side of the glass 161 dax and teddy be speechless . 162 int . interrogation room 162 dekker York play he old partner , know all he move , frame he enemy for the crime , kill he too and pull off the biggest robbery in history . harry do what you want to I . he call to tell I he be go and he 's go and you be not never go to find he . dekker watch I . 163 int . bullpen - seattle police department 163 dax and dekker gather at dax 's desk . dax be on the phone . dax the number York use to call Harry hume be a cellphone number . ran it through ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 89 . dax ( cont would ) local service provider . nextel get a match . dekker can they get a location on he ? dax that particular phone he 's use be equip with the latest gps technology . should be able to trace he location within 100 meter or less . ( into phone ) yeah ? ( to dekker ) they get he . 163a int . dax be office - seattle police department - night 163a dekker and dax examine a map . dax the signal 's come from around 175th street . that 's about fifteen mile north of we . ( deflate ) from the harbor he can take a boat or a sea-plane out . he 's go . dekker ( beat ; think ) no . if there 's a signal . means he 's still here . he 's wait for something or someone . dax wait ? where ? ai not nothing down there that 's open at this hour . dekker ( think ) 175th street ... there 's be one place . 164 ext . parking lot - seattle police department - night 164 dekker run to he car and as he get there , teddy 's wait for he . teddy I be go with you . dekker detective galloway ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 90 . teddy ( with / a steel glare ) it 's not a request . 165 ext . harbor near puget SOUND - night 165 a beautiful , bright full moon hang in the dark sky . dozen of commercial liner , cargo ship and seaplane line the pier . 166 ext . diner near puget SOUND - night 166 open twenty - four hour a day , 365 day a year . a handful of car occupy the space out front . include the mercede . 167 int . diner near puget SOUND - night 167 a scatter of patron , some at the counter , some in booth . a pretty waitress , 20' , ring up a bill . pretty waitress that will be $ 8.48 , please . york aka lorenz / curtis hand the cashier a twenty . york keep the change . pretty waitress thanks , mister . a bus boy , 19 , carry some garbage out the back . York head for the exit , open the door and ... step outside ! 168 ext . diner near puget SOUND - night 168 York hoof two step outside when ... a bright spotlight strike york' face ! he shield he eye ... behind the light ... dekker and teddy aim they pistol . dekker Jason York ... this be the police . put you hand in the air and slowly get on you knee . do it . now ! york do not shoot . you win . York raise he hand high , take a small step backwards . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 91 . dekker get down on the pavement ! york I be cooperate . you win . York take another tiny back -step . dekker get down now ! final warning ! york I say ... I ... give ... up ! York bend down to one knee , draw a 9 mm ... fire ! dekker and teddy duck for cover ! york rush back into the restaurant ! dekker and teddy return FIRE ! the glass window door explode ! dekker ( to teddy ) take the back ! 169 int . diner near puget SOUND - night 169 customer scream as ... dekker enter , survey the restaurant . a loud banging from the kitchen ! dekker approach the kitchen door , push it open and ... bam ! bam ! bam ! bullet rip apart the kitchen door ! dekker spin out of the way . as gunfire stop , dekker kick through the door ! leans in gun first ... 170 the kitchen -- 170 in the center of the room ... York neck -hold the pretty waitress , gun to she head . dekker move in ... york be it Harry ? it be Harry , right ? that fat fuck ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 92 . dekker let the girl go . it 's over . York 's eye blaze with activity ! something brewing . york easy for you to say . I be a plane ride away from a King 's ransom . through a side door ... teddy slide in , unnotice . dekker Drop the weapon , let the girl go . york and spend the rest of my day in a cage ? let I ponder ... ( beat ) do not think so . if you be go to stop I ... I be gonna make you earn it . dekker that you do not want to do . york ( realize ) that 's exactly what I say to he . do you see the irony here ? be I the only one ? two month ago I be in you shoe . some punk hold a gun to a innocent girl . what should you do ? ( beat ) you'd do exactly what I did ! a glint sparkles in he eye . his tooth grind . his gun grip tightens ! teddy move into position from the side ! then ... the bus boy enter from the same door teddy come in . the door bang close behind he . York spin , fire in that direction ! teddy 's hit ! the Bus Boy retreat out the side door ! york turn on dekker , fire ! dekker duck away safely . York drag the pretty waitress to the back ! dekker run over , check on teddy . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 93 . dekker shit . teddy I be fine . go get he . dekker look she in the eye , then dart away . 171 ext . diner near puget SOUND - night 171 dekker exit the back . find the pretty waitress . shook up . dekker which way do he go ? pretty waitress that way . down towards the pier . 172 ext . harbor near puget SOUND - night 172 York sprint across the street . dekker follow . 173 i/e steel container yard - night 173 hundred of giant steel cargo container litter the yard ... make the place look and feel like a giant maze . York disappear into the steel maze . dekker enter , slow to a walk . carefully proceed forward . gun draw . second guess each turn . york ( os ) you have really screw yourself ... Jenkins be go to expect this kind of result from you everyday . dekker FBI 's get a team of 40 computer technician figure out lei 's virus . they will break it . dekker round a corner ... york you conviction would be admirable , if it be not just so sad . at the far end of the container , York fire ! dekker duck back . York take a look out , do not see dekker . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 94 . york get it through you head ... the calvary be not come . no heroes be come to save the day . the bad guy get away at the end of this story . dekker peer around the corner ... York 's go . york ( os ) but I will give you credit ... you turn out to be quite the little thorn , do not you ? dekker speed - walk , continue the search . york ( os ) I think conner would be sorry that you die . but not I . dekker stop , eye a full 360 . the container all look alike . dekker wonder if he 's just go around in circle . until ... bam ! bam ! bam ! bullet ricochet all around dekker ! he dive -roll for cover as ... on top of a container ... York unleashes , until ... click ! out of ammo . dekker , hearing this , pop up , return FIRE ! York leap off the backside of the container ! dekker give chase . as he circle the container ... no york. instead , he find a dock . 174 ext . dock - night 174 a narrow wooden dock . there 's a few small boat , a tug boat and at the end ... a seaplane . dekker approach the tug . each step slow and deliberate . eye transfixed on the seaplane . as he near the seaplane ... a shadow rise from behind he . from on top of the tug boat ! dekker turn just as ... York throw a fishing net on top of dekker . as dekker struggle in the net , he gun discharge ! York with a pike pole in hand , leap down , clubbing dekker over the head with the weapon . dekker go down ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 95 . dekker 's gun slide off the dock , into the water . York charge dekker with the pike pole , ready to stab , when ... at the last second ... dekker roll away ! the pike pole break a wooden plank to piece , stick into the ground beneath the water . dekker , still tangle in the net , kick out York 's leg . he fall to the plank . York quickly rebound . he pounce on dekker , from behind he wrap he arm around dekker 's throat , choking he . dekker struggle to breathe . York squeezy harder . york I have come this far ... I will not be deny . dekker fight , arm flail . he reach blindly behind York , grab a hold of the pike pole . the pole snap in two ! dekker wildly swing at York who dodge easily . York slam dekker into the side of the tug . still choke . dekker , on he last gasp , push off the tug ! York stumble backwards , get he foot caught in the hole ! he twist , spin around , fall down onto ... ... the remaining pike spear ! the Pike punch through he chest ... pop out he back ! York , blood and life escape he , he eye find dekker . then go dead . dekker step close . hold a cold , remorseless stare at York 's body . dissolve to : 175 ext . diner near puget SOUND - 3:41 am - night 175 light flash from the ambulance and police car . a helicopter hover overhead . Karen Cross interview Jenkins . 176 int . diner near puget SOUND - night 176 teddy , arm in sling , and dekker sip on some already cold coffee . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 96 . teddy we use to spend all day Sunday just read in bed . I would read the paper and he would read one of he billion book . I do not deserve he . I know that . but I still love he . teddy stare out the window ... Pov of teddy - Jenkins speak to Karen Cross . teddy he 's the only man I ever love . ( beat ) do we all get shot today ? they can not help but laugh . dekker they say in the city I would be busy . every day like this ? teddy pretty much . dekker great . I wonder what 's next ? teddy for I ... a long vacation . teddy excuse herself to the bathroom . dekker go to pay the check . at the cashier ... dekker reach for he wallet , open it . dekker how much ? pretty waitress do you think I be go to charge you after all that ? go on . dekker thanks . dekker notice the tip jar by the register . he remove a ten dollar bill , about to stuff it in the jar ... that 's when the smell hit he . a strange , but familiar odor come from dekker 's wallet or more accurately ... the ten dollar bill ! but what be it ? flash back to : shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 97 . 177 int . bedroom - richards's apartment - day 177 marnie explain to dekker and conner ... marnie do you smell that ? dekker ( smell the bill ; grimace ) what be it ? marnie when evidence be take in , any physical mark might effect the ability to lift print , so , to mark it , we spray it with a scent solution . off of conner ' look . back to : 178 int . diner near puget SOUND - night - the present 178 dekker realize it 's the same smell , but how do this ten get in he wallet ? flash back to : 179 int . diner - day 179 conner and dekker get to know one another ... the waitress lay down the check . waitress anything else , officer ? jump CUT to : conner drop a ten dollar bill on the table . jump CUT to : dekker scoops up conner 's ten , put it in he wallet and drop a twenty down on the table . back to : 180 int . diner near puget SOUND - night 180 dekker , a million thought spiral at once , run from the diner ! teddy exit the lady room , but dekker be go . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 98 . 181 int . live room - conner apartment - night 181 paper and book litter the floor . dekker trashes the place , look for a clue of any kind . he rifle through the bookshelve , cabinet . all to no avail . that 's when he find ... a medium -size paperback , dog -ear and wear . the title of the book ... " chaos " by James gleick . dekker flip through the book . page be mark , high - light . Key word we find include , " edward lorenz , chaos theory , birth of a new science . " time CUT to : 181a int . live room - conner apartment - later 181a dekker hold the " Chaos " book in he hand , pace ... dekker ( into phone ) you try they all ? / nothing for conner or lorenz ? / I do not know . no , maybe he 's not on a flight . dekker then notice - the book . the author 's name . dekker try again . but try gleick . James gleick . CUT to : 182 ext . seattle airport - 6:22 am day - establishing 182 early morning travellers converge . 183 int . western airline terminal - day 183 dekker scan the line up of people . nothing . by the men' room -- a man , 40' , in disguise ( Brown wig ) , spie dekker . he pick up a cellphone , dial ... dekker' cellphone ring . he quickly pick it up . conner ( vo ) there 's a passage in the surangama sutra which , roughly translate mean : " thing be not what they appear to be : nor be they otherwise . " shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 99 . dekker conner ? dekker again scan the line -- he 's not there . he scan all the face again , but still nothing . conner ( vo ) think about that a minute ... do not that blow you mind ? ( beat ) what give I away ? dekker ten buck . conner ( vo ) at the diner . that 's right ... well , to err be human . dekker spot a man on a cellphone , he run up to he , spin he around , but ... it 's not conner . conner ( vo ) be it Harry that give he up ? dekker Harry and the phone call . he call I , say callo be insignificant . threw up a red flag . conner ( vo ) that be not he . that be my mistake . I call you . 184 omit 184 185 omit 185 186 int . conner apartment - night ( flashback ) 186 conner on he phone , with attach Voice modulater . conner I do not kill anyone who do not deserve it . 187 ext . seattle police department - night ( flashback ) 187 dekker at he car ... on the phone , listen . but on this end it sound like ... shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 100 . lorenz / curtis ( vo ) callo be insignificant ... back to : 188 int . western airline terminal - day - the present 188 conner ( vo ) York always think " the plan " be flawless . he be cocky . I tell he you have to leave room for error . you can not always predict how it 's all go to play out . a random camera catch a image of Richards , the scent on the money ... you . you be the biggest wrench of the day . the Chaos Theory ... when you get that ... I be impressed . dekker all day long , we be try to find out who the inside source be ... it be you . conner the more information you gather , from as many source as possible , no matter how unpleasant the method be , the better . and while I would like to take sole credit it be a team effort . dekker ( beat ) teddy 's pretty devastate about you death . conner ( vo ) she will get over it . flash back to : 189 int . upstair hallway - house - night 189 conner push dekker out of the way , just in the nick of time ! dekker tumble down the stair ! Vincent break he fall . conner fire toward the door ! after ... conner take out a small remote detonator . pushes the first button ! a vent ... a flash goe by ! shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 101 . 190 omit 190 191 dine room -- 191 on the floor ... next to the base of the door be a fuse . it run from the wall into the vent . teddy follow it into the kitchen . teddy Gas . get out of here ! get out of here now ! the fuse come out of the vent ... it's lit ! the oven ... hear the gas emission ... the spark . the Gas . the first explosion ! 192 int . upstair bathroom - house 192 conner lean over galt , a giant gash across he head , feel for a pulse . he 's dead . conner look into the hallway , sees the FIRE ! conner get up , and reach into the bathtub , drag out ... a corpse , hook he badge onto the corpse's belt and lay he on the floor . conner quickly open a laundry shoot , shimmy inside and slide down ... 193 int . basement - house 193 conner land safely on a mattress he leave on the floor . once settle , he push the second button on the detonator and ... 194 ext . house - night 194 ka - boom ! a second explosion ! the entire house blows ! 195 int . basement - house 195 conner open a trunk , inside be a fireman' rain coat , helmet and visor ! flash CUT to : 196 ext . house - night 196 in the aftermath of the fire ... several fireman , police , reporter , etc. be on scene . shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 102 . dekker and teddy do not see ... a fireman pass behind they , turn he head slightly , reveal through the visor it's conner ! back to : 197 int . western airline terminal - day 197 dekker continue he search for conner all to no avail . he turn he back , just as ... a man walk right past dekker carrying a cellphone ! dekker so the corpse in the morgue with you name on its toe ...? conner ( vo ) Scott curtis will not be bother anyone again . dekker you be a serial killer . conner ( vo ) who get kill ? curtis ? harrington , galt , lei . they be all hood . the world 's safer with they go . the kid at the bank ... that be unfortunate . but ... you live with you decision . you choose to take this road ... there be no half way . it 's all or nothing . that 's why other fail . they do not make the commitment . I will not make that same mistake . dekker you say they be all hood ... what about , callo ? conner callo deserve he fate . it 's he fault . dekker this be callo 's fault ? conner if it be not for he , York and I would have never do this . one random act , cause another , cause another , and in the end ... the pattern emerge . that 's the Chaos Theory . ( beat ) it 's after six . the money 's clear . I be a wealthy man . lei , for all he ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 103 . conner ( cont would ) evil , be one smart sonofabitch . the fed will be trace false lead for week . dekker lei ... you tank he trial on purpose . conner they should have suspend I after I testify . what do they expect ? dekker and because the " bitch that make she career off you " work for Channel two , that 's why american National be the target . conner everybody who screw we , get screw . everything in its right place . dekker why not kill I ? you have plenty of opportunity . conner this be not about kill , Shane . this be about stand up for what matter . besides ... you kinda grow on I . dekker you be not go to get away . conner ( vo ) I already have . I be not even here now . this be a very valuable lesson for you to learn , and it 's good to have learn it early . dekker what 's that ? conner ( vo ) you do not always win . dekker all you year of service for not . you be a hypocrite . conner ( vo ) I be a opportunist . I would have gladly die in the line of duty , but they take that away . if they have be as faithful to I , as I to they none of ( more ) shoot script MARCH 15 , 2004 104 . conner ( vo ) ( cont would ) this would have happen . the system break down . good luck , detective . it would have be a interesting partnership , but I have to go now . as dekker continue he search , he cellphone cut off ! dekker conner ? conner ? dekker do not notice ... the man walk past security and out of the western Airlines terminal . 198 int . private plane terminal - airport - day 198 conner walk through the small area , proceed out to ... 199 int . private plane - day 199 conner walk down the aisle , find he seat . stewardess good morning , Sir . I will let the Captain know we be ready . she hand he a glass of champagne . stewardess will there be anything else ? conner no thank you . I be fine . 200 ext . runway - day 200 the private plane take off ! fade to black . fade out . the end