barry " chapter Seven : loud , fast , and keep go " written by Liz sarnoff directed by alec berg 701 702 barry - 107 - final shoot script 1 . fade in : ext . palm desert - morning ( d12 ) 701 the sun be almost up . smog clear . a small private plane come in for a landing . ext . airfield - moment later ( d12 ) 702 as the plane touch down , we see a black suv , a thug on a motorcycle ( we will call he ponch ) , and two other man await . as the three man on the ground look on , the plane taxi to a stop , kill its engine . silence , then -- we hear something - be that music ? ever so faint . it sound a little like pantera 's '' Cowboys from Hell . '' the bodyguard turn to see -- across the airfield , in the distance - taylor's car . scream towards they . and we can really start to hear it now , the pantera . we stay behind the bodyguard as they raise scoped assault rifle ; shoulder they . the car shriek closer . the bodyguard take AIM and FIRE off a volley of shot . blam . blam . blam . blam . blam . the car get hit ! it flip over several time , land on its side in the dirt , a couple hundred yard away . the bodyguard and ponch look to each other , as , behind they -- a bodyguard emerge from the plane , hold the door open for ... cristobal sifuentes . he look intimidating , but there 's something about he demeanor that 's a little Zen. cristobal that be a rough one . I hate this little plane . guy ! you be not gonna believe this . the pilot be from the same village as my grandfather in Bolivia - fuck crazy right ? then ...he see the cloud of dust billow from the crash car . ( continued ) 702 703 704 705 barry - 107 - final shoot script 2 . continued : 702 cristobal ( cont would ) whoa , what happen ? ( to bodyguard ) I have only be here two minute and you already shot someone ? the bodyguard say something in Spanish . cristobal ( cont would ) a bum rush ? ( to ponch ) ver por ellos ! ponch peel off toward the flip car . and we be -- ext . airfield , taylor 's car — moment later ( d12 ) 703 ponch peer into Taylor 's wreck car . in the front seat ; two body , taylor and vaughan . Dead . the back seat ? empty . ponch produce a walkie , key it . ponch do muertos -- he look at Taylor and vaughan in bloody tactical gear . ponch ( cont would ) -- soldados . intercut : ext . airfield , near the plane - continuous ( d12 ) 704 with cristobal . one of he goons hold a radio out for cristobal to listen to . cristobal soldados ? ( to bodyguard ) gimme you phone . ext . airfield , taylor be car - same ( d12 ) 705 ponch circle the car , spot a bloody handprint on the car . that 's odd . foot track and fresh blood lead from the backseat , head away from the flip car down the runway , away from the plane . barry - 107 - final shoot script 3 . 706 ext . pazar house , cabana — same ( d12 ) 706 pazar be angrily set out cup and saucer as noho hank emerge from the garage with a large box . noho hank okay , goran , I think this be all of vacha 's thing . maybe we donate this tool to local veterinarian ? pazar throw they out . I tell he not to go after Barry and he fuck do it anyway . noho hank eye the cup and saucer . noho hank oh . be we have guest ? pazar I be put this out for when the fuck cop come to ask I question . noho hank should I go get a babka ? two babkas , maybe ? his cell phone ring . pazar look at it . pazar ( into phone ) hello ? yes , this be he . intercut : 707 ext . airfield - same ( d12 ) 707 cristobal hold he cell phone , warmly respond . cristobal hey , goran . this be cristobal sifuentes , from Bolivia ? how be you ? pazar I be okay . ( cover phone ) it 's cristobal . noho hank how be he still alive ? ( continued ) 707 continued : pazar cover barry - 107 - final shoot script 4 . 707 pazar how be you , cristobal ? cristobal complicate question . see , I fly in because my guy say you take my stash house , and just now two military guy try to kill I . I hope this aggression be not just about business , because if you want in on the stash house , all you have to do be call I . you know that , right ? noho hank be he angry ? pazar ( cover phone ) I can not tell ... cristobal you know , I have be a fan of yours for a while . like , when you send I that bullet via dhl , I be like , wow . this guy be next level . plus we have the same job , you and I . and I know how hard it be to break in in Los Angeles . we should be work together , not against each other . no ? noho hank ( sotto ) what 's happen ? the phone . pazar ( bum out ) he 's a super nice guy . noho hank ( sotto ) that 's great . pazar ( cover phone ) we fuck up . ( into phone ) cristobal , it seem I get bad information . I be tell to attack you because you be bloodthirsty maniac . ( continued ) barry - 107 - final shoot script 5 . 707 continued : ( 2 ) 707 cristobal whoa , whoever tell you that be just wrong . pazar ( cover phone ) we need to kill fuches . cristobal I mean , you just assume I be a mean guy without meeting I ? do you know the book the ' four agreement ' ? you owe it to yourself . it 's life - change . agreement three in the book be " do not make assumption . " pazar ( into phone ) do not make assumption ? noho hank be that ' the four agreement ' ? such a great book . pazar ( into phone ) maybe we could take two step backwards , start over ? cristobal oh , I wish we could . but you kill a bunch of my guy , so now I gotta kill a bunch of you guy . you know how this shit go -- pazar my family be already quite a bit angry with I for some thing that have happen here . and you say man I just send be dead -- noho hank Barry be dead ? pazar -- same military guy you just kill , he kill a few of my guy too , so maybe we be now all even Kevin ? cristobal if only , man . agreement number one be " be impeccable with you word . " ( more ) ( continued ) 707 708 barry - 107 - final shoot script 6 . continued : ( 3 ) 707 cristobal ( cont would ) I have to back my people here . so , yeah man , it 's a war now . pazar War ? this be really not good news for I . cristobal well , next time you should just reach out . lesson learn . and if you wishlist ' the four agreement ' on amazon , I will buy it for you . you really never read it ? pazar my wife give I Mars / venus book , but I could not get through it . cristobal that 's get some good stuff , but it 's a little psych one - oh- one for I . have you read ' the alchemist ' ? ext . airfield , brush - continuous ( d12 ) 708 ponch crest a hill at the edge of the airfield , and down into a hollow strewn with junk , wreck car , etc . he ride slowly along , keep a eye out . reveal : behind a junked car , Barry cower , listen as ponch ride past . Barry be pretty worse for wear after the suv flip . when suddenly -- ponch ( 0.c. ) quien ere ? reveal : ponch stand behind Barry , gun draw . ponch quien ere ? por quien trabajas ? Barry stare at ponch , then spot ... over ponch' shoulder , CHRIS emerge , hold the bushmaster . he have the drop on ponch . ponch ( cont would ) diga I ! quien ere ? ( continued ) 708 709 barry - 107 - final shoot script 7 . continued : 708 barry ( without look at he ) Chris ... ponch chingate ! estas muerto . ponch reach into he jacket , pull out he radio . barry Chris . he call he boy we be dead . Chris , Chris ... CHRIS ! just as ponch key he radio , Chris shoot he . Barry get up quickly , know they need to go . barry ( cont would ) c'mon . Chris can not stop look at ponch 's body . barry ( cont would ) dude . let 's go . Chris drop the gun -- barry ( cont would ) no. pick that up . we will get rid of it . c'mon ! Barry pull he toward ponch 's nearby motorcycle -- Barry 's phone buzze . a text from Sally : " where the F be you ? rehearsal 's start ! " int . radisson HOTEL , lobby - minute later ( d12 ) 709 fuches be sit in the lobby , nursing a coffee , nervously wait for Barry . he take a tum , check he watch -- fuches ( to himself ) what be go on ? he dial he cell -- intercut : 710 711 barry - 107 - final shoot script 8 . int . pazar house , kitchen - continuous ( d12 ) 710 noho hank be prepare a plate of babka . he answer he phone . noho hank this be noho hank . fuches hey , bud . Barry have not call you to tell you how well the job go , have he ? cuz usually he call I . and I have not hear from he . noho hank look around ... he should not really be talk to fuches . noho hank do Barry do this job with someone else ? a military buddy , perhaps ? fuches ( 0.c. ) maybe . why ? noho hank because if he do ... Barry be dead . fuches what ...? it land on fuches hard . noho hank ( 0.c . ) yeah , it really have not hit I yet . really break up about it . Big kick in the ball . fuches drop he cell down on the table , stunne . as he try to not publicly flip out . int . lapd office - day ( d12 ) 711 moss , loach and several other cop listen to a recording . cristobal ( v.0 . ) oh , I wish we could . but you kill a bunch of my guy , so now I gotta kill a bunch of you guy . you know how this shit go -- ( continued ) 711 continued : barry - 107 - final shoot script 9 . 711 pazar ( v.o. ) my family be already quite a bit angry with I for some thing that have happen here . and you say man I just send be dead ... same military guy you just kill , he kill a few of my guy too , so maybe we be now all even Kevin ? moss military ... cristobal ( v.0 . ) if only , man . agreement number one be " be impeccable with you word . " I have to back my people here . so , yeah man , it 's a war now . pazar ( v.o. ) this be really not good news for I . cristobal ( v.0 . ) well , next time you should just reach out . lesson learn . and if you wishlist ' the four agreement 's on amazon , I will buy it for you . you really never read it ? pazar ( v.o. ) my wife give I Mars / venus book , but I could not get through it . cristobal ( v.0 . ) that 's get some good stuff , but it 's a little psych one - oh- one for I . have you read ' the alchemist ' ? loach stop the playback . loach there 's about ten more minute of discussion of ' the four agreement ' and other self - help book , many of which be terrific . there 's no shame in seek help be my point . anyway , it 's all in the transcript . the upshot be we be look for two db at some sort of air strip , one or both possible military . I guarantee you one of they be we bigfoot here . loach hold up a blow - up of the lipstick cam still . ( continued ) 711 712 713 barry - 107 - final shoot script 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 711 the cop get up , start to file out past moss , who 's look at Barry 's photo on the board . she take it down , exit . int . theater , workspace — day ( d12 ) 712 Barry enter from the backdoor , spot himself in the mirror . Jesus , he look like hell . Sally pass by in the hallway , spot he , descend like a heat -seek missile . sally Barry , where have you be ? Jesus , you look like shit . barry oh , I just -- sally the cop come and find money hide in the theater , and they shot a guy . they think Ryan be involved with the mob . barry what ? sally also , we change the scene , I be macbeth and you line be different . Sally turn to go . barry what ?! int . theater , auditorium - moment later ( d12 ) 713 Sally on stage , run the scene . she utterly suck . sally ( as macbeth ) I have almost forget the taste of fear the time have be my sense would have cool -- wooden . stiff . self-conscious . ( continued ) 713 barry - 107 - final shoot script 11 . continued : 713 in the wing : Barry arrive , watch she perform for a beat , when -- backstage : Natalie and sasha walk through toward the dress area . natalie there 's no way that be Ryan 's money . he borrow money from I , like , fifteen time . sasha and if he have all that cash , why do not he take new headshot ? natalie exactly . hello . his still have bang . onstage : Sally continue to struggle . sally to hear a night - shriek , and my fall of hair would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir as life be in 't . then , she break character . sally gene , I could really use some direction here ? any thought ? cousineau , slump in he seat , look like he sleep in he car , still reeling from he break - up with moss . cousineau I think ... to use a technical term , it suck . maybe we go back to Lady macbeth ? chalk all this up to a overreach ? sally no. I be play macbeth . cousineau you sure ? Barry can scream he one line in either scene . in the wing : Barry 's phone ring , he check he phone , roll he eye , answer . ( continued ) barry - 107 - final shoot script 12 . 713 continued : ( 2 ) 713 barry Chris , man , you gotta stop call I . CHRIS ( v.o . ) I need to talk to you , man . barry you need to chill the fuck out . onstage : Sally resume . sally I have supped full with horror . direness , familiar to my slaughterous thought ! can not once start I . she glance to the wing . this be Barry 's entrance . where the fuck be he ? angle : Barry 's still on the phone . barry Chris , calm the fuck down , dude . onstage : Sally repeat : sally -- can not once start I ! barry ( into phone ) fuck . I will call you back . finally Barry stumble out , a complete mess . barry ( as seyton ) ( yell ) my Queen , my Lord , the Lord be dead . sally that 's not ... I can not . I just can not . she head off . cousineau let 's take a tight five people . tight five . 714 715 barry - 107 - final shoot script 13 . int . theater , auditorium - moment later ( d12 ) 714 Barry slump into a seat . cousineau pipe up from he seat nearby . cousineau that be something . you charge out there , equal part loud and wrong . eye like saucer . blood in you hair . Barry feel he hair . it may actually be ponch 's blood . cousineau grab a chair , flip it around and sit face Barry . cousineau ( cont would ) it 's drug , be not it Barry ? look , get clean be a important part of the actor 's journey . Quick story to illustrate : I be do Long Day 's journey into night at the pasadena playhouse with a bunch of cokehead . it 's normally a three hour show , but we could bring it in in just under thirty - seven minute . we feel great , but apparently it be completely unintelligible . it be the beginning of the bad year , Barry . I feel -- barry I be not on drug , mister cousineau . cousineau oh . well , that 's not good news . because it 's one line , Barry . cousineau put he chair back where he find it . cousineau ( cont would ) and tonight , if you be not high , and you still can not successfully deliver one line ? well , I be afraid this may not be for you . cousineau saunter off leave Barry alone in the theater . Barry 's phone buzze again . Chris be call . int . lapd office , bullpen - day ( d12 ) 715 moss be on she computer . she 's on facebook , search for " Barry berkman " but there 's no hit . that 's odd . ( continued ) 715 716 barry - 107 - final shoot script 14 . continued : 715 loach approach . loach hey . lancaster 's sheriff 's get a shot up car near a air strip - two db - both Marines . moss ( cocky ) let I guess . ( slam down Barry 's picture ) one of they be this guy ? loach no . but if you would be right , that would have be cool . int . taylor 's apartment — day ( d12 ) 716 moss and loach pass two uniform cop at the door and enter the apartment , in the process of a search . two forensics guy , dress much like the tid guy , wear glove . two other detective in raid jacket . a lieutenant . and a photographer be present as well . moss and loach eye Taylor 's Marine photo . loach his name 's Taylor garrett . six foot . he 's 415 , a real hot head , and some 390s , drunk in public ... break a guy 's jaw in a bar once ... he gesture to a shrink - wrap brick of money . it have a familiar appearance . loach ( cont would ) same brick as at the theater . same exact amount . they split it . this guy and Ryan be work together . moss slow down . we need to connect they to each other . moss spot something on a nearby shelf . a familiar face stare back at she . she cross to it . ( continued ) barry - 107 - final shoot script 15 . 716 continued : 716 moss ( cont would ) ( to photographer ) you shoot this already ? the photographer nod . moss pull a glove out of she notebook , pull it on , reach for a book . it 's cousineau 's book . his face on the cover smile back at she . moss open the cover page . written inside , in cursive crayon : Ryan madison . moss motion to the photographer , ' get a shot of this . ' loach look over she shoulder . loach I would say that 's a connection , would not you ? say it . say it ... finally -- moss this be we guy . this be we bigfoot . she look down at cousineau 's smile face . 717 + int . radisson HOTEL suite , live area - day ( d12 ) 717 curtain draw . fuches sit in a chair next to a half bottle of whiskey , he phone in he hand , talk in a emotional voice . fuches he could not have be more than five when I see he dumb face the first time . sweetest kid you ever see . intercut : 718 int . noho hank's car , outside pazar house - same ( d12 ) 718 hank 's get he seat all the way back , whisper into he phone . noho hank you know how sometimes when you meet a person you can tell exactly what they look like when they be a kid ? that 's how I feel about my Barry . ( continued ) 718 719 barry - 107 - final shoot script 16 . continued : 718 fuches I know what you mean . it 's a child 's eye look back at you . it 's why he need I so much . noho hank I go to the store this morning . and I see a man there and just for one second I think , " Barry ? " but it be not he . it be not Barry . fuches you know ... he never get a chance to apologize to I . and now ... it 's too late . ( then ) so , where be we after all this ? be we okay ? noho hank well , to be honest , goran be very upset you tell he to start war with bolivian , who be super nice guy . so no matter where you go , we will find you and kill you . but not before we get duck in a row with bolivian , so maybe a week or two ? be that okay ? beat . fuches no . int . CHRIS ' car - dusk ( d12 ) 719 a car park in a isolate turnout deep in the canyon north of the valley . it 's quiet . a occasional car whizze by on the highway in the distance . Chris be in the driver 's seat . Barry , the passenger . CHRIS dude , Taylor and vaughan ... they be dead . fuckin ' dead . barry relax . CHRIS we just leave they body out there . what ... what do I do next time I see vaughan 's girlfriend . what do I say ? ( continued ) 719 continued : barry - 107 - final shoot script 17 . 719 barry say you do not know anything . we just gotta lay low , man . and keep quiet about all this . CHRIS I fuckin ' kill a guy . I ... I be not in the shit , man , I be in logistic . I never shot anyone . barry you have to do it . CHRIS I can not stop think about it . it just play in my head over and over . I do not even want to do it . you make I do it . barry Chris . you need to relax , man . you hear I ? relax . do not say anything to anyone , and this will all blow over . Chris stew for a moment . he can not relax . CHRIS listen : I think we need to go to the cop . barry Chris . CHRIS we can say it be self - defense -- that they attack we . who be they gonna believe ? we be fuck Marines -- they be criminal ! barry Chris ... what do you think we be do out there ? what do you think I do for a live ? ( beat ) the guy who hire I to do that job be already piss I fuck it up . they send a dude after I . we need to -- CHRIS I can not live like this ! we could go to jail . ( continued ) 719 continued : beat . barry - 107 - final shoot script 18 . ( 2 ) 719 barry the only way anyone be go to jail be if you call the police . and this guy I work for will come find you family . understand what I be say ? we be good . we be just gonna stay quiet and safe . CHRIS what if I just turn myself in ? I would not have to say anything about you -- barry we be link , Chris . CHRIS nothing about you -- barry we be link on Facebook . you wife meet I . if you turn yourself in , the cop be gonna find I . CHRIS no , they would not , they would not have to -- barry they would , they would find out about I and fuches , and the act class - everyone would die . Chris explode . CHRIS I do not fuck care , Barry ! I kill a guy . you might be fine with this shit , but I be not . I get a wife and a kid . the minute I get home , she know something be up . I lie and say I be go to the gym just now . but , I be tell ya , she know something be up and it 's gonna come out . so , I be go to the cop and I be tell the truth . if I have to serve some time , fine , but I be come clean . barry why do you just say that ? ( continued ) barry - 107 - final shoot script 19 . 719 continued : ( 3 ) 719 CHRIS can not believe you facebook I , dude . you be a fuck hitman and you Facebook I ?! barry why do you say that ? a beat . Barry stare at Chris . barry ( cont would ) i_told you to get out of the fuck car ! on CHRIS . he feel something . a shift in the energy . CHRIS y'know what ? it 's fine . I can keep it quiet . I just need to vent . but , I be good . I can keep quiet . Barry say nothing . CHRIS ( cont would ) and , I do not tell my wife I be go to the gym . I say I be come to see you . Barry say nothing . just then , another car pull off to the side of the road a hundred yard away . a dude get out , tie down the stuff on the roof-rack extra tight . Barry and Chris watch . here 's Chris 's chance . be he gonna flag the dude down ? CHRIS ( cont would ) I know you be not gonna do anything crazy , Barry . I know you be a good guy . the dude get back in he car , drive off . CHRIS I be go to drop you off , and I will go home and keep my fat trap shut . Chris start the car . on barry -- CHRIS ( 0.c . ) and I promise you , no one will ever -- ( continued ) 719 720 721 722 barry - 107 - final shoot script 20 . continued : ( 4 ) 719 Chris have both hand on the wheel now . Barry clap a hand on Chris 's right hand and pin it to the wheel , pull out he Glock and as Chris flail with he free hand -- bang -- Barry shoot Chris . ext . CHRIS ' car - continuous ( d12 ) 720 now Barry 's voice , from inside the car , a terrible scream : barry ( 0.c. ) fuuuuuuuuuck . we move in tighter . Barry get out of the run car . we push past barry to see inside the car : Chris . his head slump in death . the gun now clench in he own right hand . the car door close . Barry grab a piece of brush , sweep he track as he walk away , down the dark road . int . theater , auditorium - night ( n12 ) 721 full house . a buzz in the air . the theater be pack . the performance be about to start . cousineau can be see ushere VIP guest to they tape off reserve seat . int . theater , dressing room - night ( n12 ) 722 Chaos . the entire class be put on costume , apply make - up , work elaborate hair style . Antonio and Natalie be do vocal exercise , bent over a chair , repeat : ANTONIO / natalie many man make much money . many man make much money . many man make much money -- cousineau come fly backstage . cousineau everyone ! bring it in . jermaine , Nick . nick ( as puck ) who be this Nick of whom you speak ? a nick , a scratch upon this skin that doth draw blood ? ( continued ) 722 723 724 barry - 107 - final shoot script 21 . continued : 722 sasha he 's in character . cousineau we be do that now , be we ? alright . puck , take a knee . the actor surround he . cousineau ( cont would ) two minute to curtain , all ! it 'sa veritable who 's who of Hollywood out there . the red-headed - reader from icm , that no -one - know - what - she - do from 3 Arts . Daniel meldman from gersh . Sally perk up . sally he come ? cousineau I wish you godspeed . I wish you courage . and remember , whatever happen , loud , fast , and just keep go . he head off . everyone go back to get ready . except Sally . sally have anyone see Barry ? int . uber — night ( n12 ) 723 Barry in the backseat of a uber . he look like hell . he look out the window in a daze . int . theater , auditorium - night ( daydream ) 724 a gauzy idealize version of a performance . sally be center stage in a male elizabethan costume deliver macbeth to the delight of the elegantly dress crowd . sally ( as macbeth ) I have supped full with horror . direness , familiar to my slaughterous thought , can not once start I . ( continued ) 724 725 726 barry - 107 - final shoot script 22 . continued : 724 now , Barry enter to a soupcon of applause , which he both graciously accept and modestly shrug off . he be reminiscent of Sir laurence olivier , full british accent . barry ( as seyton ) the Queen , my Lord , be dead . there 's a audible gasp from the audience . Barry humbly exit . Sally brilliantly continue . sally ( as macbeth ) she should have die hereafter . there would have be a time for such a word . she 's unreal . Barry behold she from the wing , amaze and in love . and then -- sally ( as macbeth ) ( cont would ) tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , creep in this petty pace from day to day -- flash on : Chris , flail as Barry hold a gun to he head , fire . int . uber - a little later ( n12 ) 725 Barry start . the daydream have turn to a nightmare . CUT to : int . theater , auditorium - night ( n12 ) 726 we be with the audience as the light be come down . cousineau start clap , try to ignite a pre-show round of applause . it go nowhere . light up . sasha enter and come to center stage . sasha lady and gentleman , welcome . recently , we friend Ryan madison be take from we too soon . because of this , all of the proceed from tonight 's show will go toward the fight against violence . she walk off as a few confuse people clap . ( continued ) 726 727 barry - 107 - final shoot script 23 . continued : 726 the curtain open . jermaine ( in tight hold a skull ) dramatically take stage , cross to a mark , take a breath , then flub he very first line . jermaine alapse poor -- blub-alub . uch . I be gonna come in again . he walk off stage . cousineau look around . this be worse than he think it would be . int . theater , backstage - same ( n12 ) 727 Sally dash up to Natalie and Antonio . ANTONIO I be just say we really need to lean into the sexuality . natalie oh , boy , I -- sally Barry 's not here , and I need someone to do he stupid part . be there any way one of you guy could help I ? natalie ( fake italian accent ) sorry . we no can 'a do that . we have 'a to keep we Italiano accent for we 'a scene from two gentlemen from verona . ANTONIO ( normal accent ) she be exactly right . if we do not keep speak in this accent , we will lose they . sally it 's one line . natalie ( fake italian ) we have 'a say in 'a Italy . you make 'a you bed . she turn to Nick . ( continued ) 727 728 729 730 barry - 107 - final shoot script 24 . continued : 727 sally Nick , do you think you could please -- nick Nick ? never hear 'eth of he . Nick blow past she . sally fuck ... int . theater , auditorium - later ( n12 ) 728 the show continue . Eric and sasha do a Chicago gangster version of titus andronicus . Natalie and Antonio perform something vaguely resembling two gentlemen from verona . Antonio lean into the sexuality . Natalie retreat . the audience endure . cousineau ride it out . Daniel meldman from gersh get a lot of texting do . int . theater , backstage - moment later ( n12 ) 729 Barry enter in a daze . a frantic Sally spot he . sally you be here . and you be not in costume . well ... fuck it . we be up ! put this on . it 's something . she grab a Hamilton - style jacket from a rack , thrust it at Barry , who start to put it on over he street clothes . sally ( cont would ) come on ! it 's place . now . she push Barry into the wing . int . theater , wing - continuous ( n12 ) 730 Nick 's on stage do puck . Sally and Barry in the wing . barry ( sotto , nervous ) my Lord , the queen be dead . my Lord , the queen be dead . my Lord , the queen be dead -- ( continued ) 730 731 barry - 107 - final shoot script 25 . continued : 730 sally Barry , look at I . here 's what 's happen . you see that guy out there on he phone ? angle : a guy in the audience do a bad job of pretend not to be on he phone . sally ( cont would ) that 's Daniel meldman from gersh . he be Emma Stone 's agent until she get too big for he and fire he . he 's here to see I . but if I do not do well , it 's over for I . he will never sign I . I will never get he to work for I . and I will certainly never get to fire he . so please , please , please give I something to work with . can you do that ? Barry 's in a fog . barry what ? sally fuck. just ... whatever . the light go down on stage . a smatter of applause . Sally take a deep breath . Nick walk off past Sally . nick well , puck just take a big dump out there . that guy suck ... Sally head on stage leave Barry alone in the wing . int . theater , auditorium - moment later ( n12 ) 731 it 's entirely dark . we hear , but can not really see , Sally frantically take she place center stage . a buzz of light as they come up . sally ( as macbeth ) I have almost forget the taste of fear . the time have be my sense would have cool -- angle : cousineau . slump down in he seat . she stink . 732 733 734 barry - 107 - final shoot script 26 . int . theater , wing - same ( n12 ) 732 Barry , hand over he face , try to concentrate , keep himself together . intercut : int . barry daydream ( quick flash ) 733 flash on : a family photo of Chris , he wife , sharon , they kid . flash on : sharon' kitchen - Sharon enter frame , answer a phone . back to : Barry try to shake it off . flash : Sharon get the bad news . her feature collapse . her heart race . she cry . back to : Barry once again try to shake it off . flash on : Chris ' son cry . Sharon try to hug he , to comfort he . back to : Barry hit himself , try to make it stop . flash on : mother and son cry over a casket . back to : Barry hit himself again , harder . flash on : Sharon answer the phone . flash on : Sharon drop the phone , slump to the floor , cry . back to : Barry hit he head on the wall . and then we hear : sally ( as macbeth ) ( 0.c . ) -- can not once start I . Barry 's cue . he turn , stumble out -- int . theater , auditorium - continuous ( n12 ) 734 Barry have enter . Sally , expect the stiff , wooden idiot she 's be rehearse with , turn to see : ( continued ) 734 barry - 107 - final shoot script 27 . continued : 734 Barry , cry . Real tear of wrenching grief . frustration . desperation . through this squall , with monumental effort , he bravely speak : barry ( as seyton ) my lord , the queen , be dead . and then he just weep . all the emotion spill out . the self - loathing , the regret , the guilt , the shame . Barry sob as he stumble blindly off the stage . the crowd be stunne and confuse . but Sally ? she think all he emotion be summon for her . she absorb it , revel in it - be utterly invigorate by it . his catharsis be fuel to she own sputter emotional flame . she turn back to the audience with new confidence : sally ( as macbeth ) she should have die hereafter . there would have be a time for such a word . tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , creep in this petty pace from day to day -- angle : push in on the audience . Daniel from gersh actually start look up from he phone . the red-headed reader from icm , what 's - she - face from 3 Arts , they be all engage . sally ( as macbeth ) ( 0.c . ) to the last syllable of record time , and all we yesterday have light fool . a small smile come to cousineau 's lip . cousineau ( low ) Atta girl . back on sally : as she amp up for the big finish . sally ( as macbeth ) the way to dusty death . out , out , brief candle ! life 's but a walk shadow , a poor player that strut and fret he hour upon the stage ( more ) ( continued ) 734 735 736 barry - 107 - final shoot script 28 . continued : ( 2 ) 734 sally ( as macbeth ) ( cont would ) and then be hear no more . it be a tale told by a idiot , full of sound and fury , signify nothing . she 's amazing . cousineau leap to he foot , clap . the crowd politely applaud with he . if nothing else , she 's get they attention . Daniel from gersh make a face , " not bad . " the light go down . Sally beam in the darkness . then , light up , and the rest of the cast come out for the curtain call . Sally look around , no Barry . she look to the wing for Barry , he 's not there . int . theater , workspace — moment later ( n12 ) 735 Barry pace like a cage animal , still manic , cry . he tear off the Hamilton jacket . when suddenly we hear : clap . clap . clap . Barry look up . cousineau be at the door . cousineau bravo . you go to a place just now that I have never see you go . so , bravo to you for -- Barry punch the frame photo of cousineau and judd Hirsch . cousineau ( cont would ) I see that you be still in that place . I will leave you to you process . I have a couple of small note on the scene . but , that 's for later . as Barry continue to reel , cousineau back out of the room . int . theater , backstage — later ( n12 ) 736 the backstage area which be now crowded with jubilant actor , some of they friend and family , bouquet of flower , etc . ( continued ) 736 737 barry - 107 - final shoot script 29 . continued : 736 Barry emerge in a daze . as he head toward the exit try not to be see . int . theater , auditorium - same ( n12 ) 737 the houselight be up . a smatter of people remain . Barry come out from backstage , head for the aisle and the exit . Barry look up to see Sally shaking Daniel from gersh 's hand . as he head out Sally turn and spot Barry . sally hey , Barry ! she run up . sally ( cont would ) look ! she hold up Daniel 's business card . sally ( cont would ) Daniel . from gersh . he tell I to call he . he say there be a lot to work with there . barry oh. cool . sally Barry . thank you . for do that for I . that be ... amazing . I do not even have to act . you just give it to I . everything I need . God , you be so generous . that be act , Barry . you be a real actor . barry I be ? sally yes . whatever you do to get to that place today , that be you new process . all you have to do be do that , every time , okay ? I be go to go change . we be all go out for drink ! thanks , Barry ! she give he a kiss , run backstage . ( continued ) 737 barry - 107 - final shoot script 30 . continued : 737 hold on Barry as he look around the theater . wide shot of Barry stand alone on the stage . do that again ? CUT to black .