099741 NBC ses universal television studio heroes written by : Tim kring Network draft December 2 , 2005 NBC universal Television studios 100 universal City Plaza bldg. 1320 suite 4 m universal City , CA 91608 copyright '' 2005 NBC universal television studio , inc . all rights reserve , not to be duplicated without permission . tis material be the property of NBC universal Television studios and be intend solely for use by its personnel . the sale , copying , reproduction or exploitation of this materiel in any form be prohibit . distribution or disclosure of this ' material to unauthorize person be also prohibit , written by Tim kring y } ie a " a '' a a heroe volume one '' Genesis '' 12/2/05 act_one over black : a title card : chapter one " in his own image " a pair of eye intense . focus . fill with trepidation . but underneath this fear , a hint of resolve . whatever this eye be stare at , it 's a seminal moment , one that have to be do . the only sound - wind , just wind , swirling all around we . widen to find this eye belong to ethan cambell ( mid - 30 's ) , a kind face , a little innocent . he 's dress in a male nurse's uniform . a chiron say , '' midtown manhattan , new york " . the SOUND of distant CITY traffic begin to seep in . louder now , as we arm down he body to reveal he stand on the very edge of a seventy story skyscraper , the toe of he converse hang two inch over the ledge . teeter dizzily . we be get vertigo just look at it . Holy shit , this guy be about to jump . and you know what , he do -- he stretch he arm out in a swan dive position and leans forward and fall . we watch in a subjective shot as he leave the ledge and plummet down the side of the building at 127 mph . the street below race towards we , faster and faster ... until ... whoosh ! he stop . in mid - AIR . ( still subjective camera ) hover for a beat , then just as quickly , bank left and take off ! and now he 's actually fuck flying . thirty floor above the STREET and soaring in the most beautiful and exhilate ( subjective camera ) flying sequence you have ever see ! sailing through the canyon of manhattan swooping and diving , rolling and tumbling at a hundred and fifty mph . rolling , banking , tumbling , he soar down to a busy street and come to a floating stop , hovering fifty foot above the crowded sidewalk , rocking slowly , rhythmically in mid AIR . no one seem to notice except one lone man , he head crane back stare up at we . ( we will soon come to know this man as harrison cambell , ethan 's brother . ) as he stare up at he curiously -- heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 2. cabbie ( 0.s. ) ( Arabic accent ) you stop , sir . smash CUT to : int . taxi - morning 1 ethan wake with a start to find himself in the back seat . he take a moment to get he bearing , obviously rattle by the odd dream . the Middle Eastern cabbie stare through the partition at hin . cabbie you get out here , yes ? ethan oh ... yeah . sorry . I have not be sleep much lately and ... sorry . he pull a couple bill out of he wallet and hand they to the cabbie . climb out . ext . CITY STREET - continuous 2 ethan , still reeling from the dream , stand on this busy sidewalk , orient himself . he look up at a stately old apartment building , then down at a bus roaring past . someone have plaster a campaign poster on the side -- the smile face of harrison cambell . ( the guy ethan just see in the fly dream ) underneath it read , " Harrison cambell -- State Senate -- for a New tomorrow " . ethan stare for a beat , then start towards the entrance of the apartment building . he stop . look down at a cockroach crossing he path . fascinate by it , he watch as it crawl to the gutter and into drainage grate , and -- suresh ( v.0 . ) man be a narcissistic species by nature . CUT to : int . lecture hall - day 3 that same cockroach or at least one that look like it , crawl out of a crack in the wall and scurries along the floor . a hand reach into frame and pick it up . widen to meet Professor mohinder suresh , ( mid -30 's ) , a slightly nerdy bast indian academician , stand in at the front of this lecture hall in a old , fade british colonial building . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 a chiron tell we this be " the university of madras , india " . suresh but we be not the pinnacle of so-called evolution . behind he , he 's write he lecture in hindi on the blackboard . ( all but one word in English - '' 'teraforma '' . ) he let the cockroach crawl along the back of he hand as he speak to a pathetically small group of five student scattered among the empty seat in this large classroom . suresh ( cont 'd ) that honor belong to the lowly cockroach . a creature who have adapt and evolve for 250 million year . capable of live for month without food . remain alive headless for week at a time . as suresh speak , he look up to see -- the dean a elderly brahmin , stand at the back of the class . suresh be little flustered by he presence . he continue -- suresb ( cont 'd ) its female need only be impregnate once to Lay over a million egg in she lifetime . resistant to radiation , it be the only species who will survive a nuclear winter . if God have indeed create himself in he own image , then I submit to you that God be a cockroach . the class stare at he , unsure what to make of this strange pronouncement . the Dean nod , unamuse . he clap he hand loud , twice , to get everyone 's attention . dean you be all dismiss . this class have be cancel . the five student stand , a little confuse and shuffle out as the Dean approach Professor suresh . ( they conversation be in hindi with English subtitles . ) suresh Sir , I know the enrollment be down a little this semester , but -- dean I be afraid this institution can no longer support you tenure , Dr. suresh ... % heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 suresh what be you say ? dean you be be dismiss from the faculty . suresh what ? dean you theory be unfounded . suresh {a body blow ) but ... this be my life 's work ! fhe truth be , no one believe in you work and no one want to publish you theory . suresh but it's happening now ! the world need to know ! dean I be ... sorry . we decision be final . and off suresh 's stunne look -~ int . hallway outside suresh' apartment ~ day professor suresh come up the staircase of this four story walk - up carry he briefcase and 4 net bag full of grocery . he move to he door , fumble for he key , then stop . something be wrong . very wrong . it 's the door . it 's OPEN a tiny crack . suresh go into full panic mode . this be something he have dread , but have not fully prepare for . '' think , think ... " he gather he courage and gently push the door open far enough to see inside -- suresh' Pov -- the place be torn apart . his gaze move to a huge map of he world take up a entire wail . the map have dozen of colored push pin place into different location around the world . a shadow wash over it . shit , someone 's in there } suresh pull back , lean against the wall . breathes . force himself to think . then , steeling himself , he push open the door and slink into -- heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 5. int . suresh' apartment - continuous 5 a dark , cluttere two room apartment . stack of book and research . the home of a obsessive , single - minded academic . suresh slink to a desk , quietly try to open a drawer . shit , it 's stuck . he pull hard and the desk shake as the drawer pop OPEN . something falis off the desk and land at he foot . a paix of horned rimmed glass . he pick they up . look at they curiously . this be clearly not he . q.s. we hear someone ransacking the adjacent room . he set the glass back down and reach into the drawer . pull out a small camera . aim it at the map on the wali . snap a photo . the flash goe off ! shit . he cringe , as the 0.8 . ransacking suddenly stop . they have notice . suresh rush up to the map , reach up and pull out a white push pin that 's right over manhattan , turn and sprint out of the apartment . and one second later , the figure of a man , step into the foreground . stands here , take in the room , he back to we . cold , calculate . we do not see the man 's face , but he reach down and pick up the horn rimmed glass , slip they on . step up to the map on the wall . Studies it , sense that something 's different . we push right past he and onto a push pin insert into the map right over the central part of nevada , . as we push in farther , nevada morph to the white sand of a satellite image over the entire state . we slam in , racing down as detail begin to emerge ~- the city of las vega — past the strip and into the suburb ~ where we finally come to a stop over a the rooftop of a small tract house , and -- bleed to white : int . niki sander ' garage - morning 6 fade in on a pair of lacy pantie as they slide slowly , sexily off a woman 's shapely rear end . widen to find niki sander , ( 33 ) , showgirl look , completely naked ( strategically pose ) , hold the panty teasingly in front of she . she coo and make a pouty , sexy face . the chiron say , " las vega , nevada " . we pull further back to see she pose on a bed with a blue satin bedspread . shiny gold curtain hang behind the bed . further back now and we realize that we be in a garage . this be a set . niki be perform for a webcam on a tripod . a cable stretch from the camera to a computer on a desk . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 niki slip on a tiny silk robe and cross to the computer . type quickly . on the computer screen we see the word , " time 's up " , the cursor blink as it wait for a response . a beat , then we see the response , '' just a little more . please . I be almost there . " niki 's answer this by type -- " it will cost you another 39 buck . " niki wait for the response . the blinking cursor , then -- " bitch ! " niki ( under she breath ) creep . she turn and head for the door , but stop . a odd look on she face . a little scared . she whip around , as though expect someone to be there . she stare across the room at a mirror . her own reflection stare back . something about it disturb she . she back slowly to the door that lead into -- 7 int . niki sander ' house - morning a tiny cracker box of a house . niki make she way down the narrow hallway , step over a baseball glove . niki time to wake up , micah ! she come to a stop at a bedroom doorway . look into -~ micah' bedroom the domain of a messy ten year old boy . the bed be unmade , but micah be nowhere to be see . ( note : we see niki 's reflection in a mirror on the back of the door . her profile . ) niki stare at the empty bed . then suddenly a little panicked , as a terrible think dawns on she -- niki ( cont 'd ) micah ! she turn and hurry down the hall . but as she do , she reflection in the mirror sp ! second lo ! than she do . this be barely perceptible and a little weird . in live room heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 niki stop , look . tacky furnishings , no frill . this be people live at the bottom of the american dream . niki ( cont 'd ) micah ! she head into -- the kitchen where we see micah , ( 10 ) , of mix race , half black , sit at the small table eat a bowl of fruit loops , as he examine a shoe BOX next to he . he look up innocently . micah what ? niki ( relieved ) dammit , micah , do not do that to I . micah do what ? niki nothing . just ... you need to be careful , that 's all . I do not want you talk to any stranger , you understand ? whoa , where 's this come from ? micah I be just have breakfast . niki that 's not breakfast . that stuff ' 1l rot you brain . micah just go back to work on the shoe BOX , poke a whole into the lid with a pen . niki ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? micah make a pinhole camera ... it 's for the eclipse , ( off she confuse look ) the moon 's gonna cover up the sun today . we be suppose to look at it at school . niki speak of which , go get ready . we can not be late . not today . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 micah I be already dress and pack my own lunch , ( point ) that 's what I have be do this morning . what about you ? niki hey , do not get smart with I . I have be work to pay we bill ! micah then why would they turn off we gas again ? she do not have a comeback for that , micah ( cont 'd ) why can not you go back to work at the casino ? you make a lot of money there . niki because I can not , alright . and you be not the adult here , I be . micah ( under he breath ) yeah , sure you be . before she can respond , the doorbell ring . niki stop . a panicked look cross she face . niki ( ominous ) grab you stuff and wait by the back door . micah why ? niki just do it ! niki turn and head into ~- the live room where she cross to the window and pull back the curtain . her Pov - through the window two men stand at she front door . one be a little weasel of a guy in a tight leather jacket . the other be big , and I mean big . the weasel be slip on a pair of leather glove . trust I , it 's not that cold outside , heroe volume one '' Genesis " 12/2/05 9 . niki shut the curtain . eye wide . the doorbell ring again . shit . at the back door niki , now in a bra and shimmy into a pair of jeans , . wrestle a t-shirt over she head as she meet up with micah . he wait with he backpack . and now he 's scared , micah Mom , what 's go on ? niki nevermind , just keep you voice down and stay close to I . they head out the door . smash CUT to : ext . neighbor's side yard - second later 8 a fence , as niki and micah drop over it and scurry quickly to a old datson b210 park at the curb . micah jump into the passenger side . niki unhook the wire that 's hold the driver 's side door shut and climb in . in a billow of exhaust smoke , the car lurch , then fishtail down the street . we rise up as it disappear around the corner and ~- smash CUT to : int , niki sander ' live room ~ same 9 wham ! the front door splinter off its hinge ! kicked open . the weasel and the big guy step into the room , take it in . as they move off to search the place -- fade out : int . bedroom - penthouse apartment — day 10 and fade in on ethan ( we guy with the fly dream ) lean against the headboard of a big bed , read aloud from the New York Times stock page . a headline on the fold page face we read : " Skies clear for solar eclipse " . on the bed , next to ethan , a old man , ( 83 ) , thin , frail , lie die , a breathe tube in he nose . ethan be a hospice nurse , hence the uniform . a warm and gentle soul , selfless , almost a saint . we're on the 3lst floor of the stately old apartment that we see earlier . a chiron say , " upper east side , manhatt : I heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 10 . ethan ( read ) " be cor sell at 68 and a half . gencom be down two to fifteen and a eighth . " that 's sound like a bargain to I , old man ( painful , barely audible ) money ... shit . the goddamn hippie have it right . in the end it 's only love that matter . ethan I would like to think so . old man I be ... ( can not find the word ) ethan thirsty . here . he take a glass of water from the night stand , tip it gently into the Old man 's mouth . he swallow painfully . old man how do you do that ... know what I want before I say it ? ethan just smile warmly at he . old man ( cont 'd ) I be go to be dead soon , ethan ( matter-of - fact ) I know . old man I want to do it right . make it worth something . ethan I think it 's about let go . old man I know . but how ? ethan look out the window there . see how beautiful it be today ? he gesture to a large open window . lace curtain billow in the sunny breeze , outside , a magnificent manhattan skyline . 11 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 qi . ethan ( cont 'd ) there 's freedom out there . peace . no more pain , no more iv 's . when you be ready , just let yourself go there . let yourself ... fly . old man can you show I ? ethan look at he , a little confuse . old man ( cont 'd ) can you show I how ? ethan stare at he , then nod . he stand and turn towards the window . start walk slowly towards it , pick up speed . and just as we think he 's about to jump out -- stella ( v.o. ) how 's he do ? smash CUT to : int . bedroom ~ penthouse apartment - same 11 ethan wake , still on the bed , the New York Times rest on he chest . the Old man next to he lie unconscious . ethan look up to see stella , ( 28 ) , beautiful , bohemian , in a colorful cotton dress . she 's the Old man 's daughter . stella I be sorry , do I scare you ? ethan no , it 's just ... I keep have this weird dream every time I close my eye ... ( be : the newspaper ) he like I to read he the stock page . stella have he be conscious ? ethan no . be nine day now . I think he 's close . couple day maybe . stella nod , fight she emotion . stella I do not know what he would do without you , ethan . you have get a real gift . ethan dust do my job . 12 heroe volume one '' Genesis '' 12/2/05 12 . stella no , you be like a son to he . ethan smile , a little embarrassed -- ethan then that would make we like brother and sister . could be a little awkward if I ever want to ask you out . and now it 's stella who look at he embarrassed . he be serious and they both realize it . he 's get a crush on she . and why not ? so do we . ethan ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , that be really inappropriate . stella no , you be sweet . it 's just ... I be kinda see somebody and -~ ethan yeah , it 's okay , really . ( excuse himself ) I have gotta change he iv ... as he walk off , stella sit next to she father . ethan walk towards the window that he fly out of in he dream . it 's close , curtain drawn . as he stop and stare at it , the sight of it upsetting he -- int . boiler room - sing sing prison - morning 12 we be in real tight on the face of d.l. hawkins , ( 31 ) . a white man 's nightmare , d.l. be a black man do life in prison with nothing to lose and mean as hell . but right now , he 's as peaceful as a baby -- sound asleep on the floor . the chiron say , " sing sing prison , new yt a 0.s. we hear dog barking and footstep approach . both be grow louder . and as they become deafening -- d.l. 's eye SNAP open . he Pov - ( sideways , ground angle ) four rottweiler tug at they leash pull a posse of prison guard , load for bear with shotguns and rifle . d.l. sit up quickly and scoot back on he hand to a wall . prison guard freeze ! hand above you head ! the dog be taut on they leash , inch away from rip he apart , teeth flaring , drool flying . he 's scare shitless . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 13 . prison guard ( cont 'd ) how do you get out of you cell ?! d.l. just look around , thoroughly confuse . prison guard ( cont 'd ) how the fuck do you get out of you goddamn cell ?! dl . I do not ... I do not know . and he 's dead serious . he really have no idea . ext . campaign headquarters - day 13 close on the smiling face of harrison cambell widen to find this image be one of several campaign poster plaster on the window of a storefront campaign headquarters . ethan head towards the entrance , but stop as a wave of people head out , make they way towards two black expedition park at the curb . harrison cambell , ( 34 ) , ethan 's fraternal twin brother , dress in a armani suit , turn and see ethan . where ethan be a lose dreamer , Harrison be a golden boy . a star . a look of trepidation cross he face and he hurry over to see ethan . harrison I have get two speech and a fund raiser . I be late ... ethan it happen two more time . and you be in both of they . earrison I can not do this , ethan . not now . ethan they be not just dream , Harrison . they be too real , what if they be tell I something ? rarrison what be you talk about ? telling you what ? ethan what if they be tell I I can fly ? there . he say it . Harrison look at he like he 's nut . 3 heroe volume one " Genesis '' 12/2/05 14 . @ ethan ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly desperate ) when I get out of bed this morning , my foot hover before it hit the floor for a split second . like I be float . it 's so real I be afraid to go to sleep . Harrison grab he and pull he against the wall . harrison you need to snap the fuck out of this , you understand ?! go see a doctor , get some drug . just do not go pull a Roger Clinton on I . I have get ten day leave and I be two point down . ethan I know , I know . I be sorry . it 's just ... I have a feel you be the only one who understand this . harrison ( piss ) why ?! why the hell would I understand that you think you can fly ?! ee ethan because you be my twin brother ! we share a womb -- Harrison 's cell phone ring , interrupt . he answer . harrison ( to phone ) Mom . I can not talk ... what ? where ? I will be there in ten minute . he hang up . ethan what be it ? what happen ? harrison ( stunne ) Mom just get arrest . ethan arrested for what ? harrison shoplift . @ off the two of they , what the hell ? ~- é 14 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 int . loft - day a bucket of paint be toss onto a painting , destroy what be a brilliant photo-realist image of a plane crashing into a bridge . pull back to meet isaac borolo , ( 28 ) , a wiry , handsome , but strung - out junkie . Black jeans , a " be John malkovitch " the shirt , barefoot , with a five - day growth on he face . we be not sure what 's go on with he , but he 's frantic about something and have a really bad day . we're in a huge artist loft with tin foil cover the large window . only tiny crack of sunlight seep through . the chiron read , '' lower east side , manhattan " . Isaac pull another painting from a stack against the wall . another photo-realist image - this one of a build burning . Isaac grab the bucket of paint and rear back to toss it -- stella ( 0.5 . ) what the hell be you do ?! he stop and turn to see stella ( the old die man 's daughter ) stand in the doorway , sunlight silhouett she , one hand lean on the doorjamb . he fill the bucket up with more paint . she approach . piss , confuse -~ stella ( cont 'd ) be you high ? isaac no . yes . I do not know . he toss paint on another painting . this one have the image of a total eclipse of the SUN . stella would you stop ! what be you , crazy ?! isaac clearly . stella you be chase , be not you ? he look at she . whatever that mean , he 's verify it with he silence . she move to the destroy painting . look at they like they be dead kitten . stella ( cont 'd ) when do you do this ? 15 . 14 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 he do not answer . stella ( cont 'd ) this be fantastic . there 's enough here for a show . JI can call arni , he can get you gallery space ... isaac not I can not . stella why not ?! isaac because I do not even remember do they . I can only paint when I be high . stella it do not matter . we will get you back into a program . it will work this time . isaac they be evil . stella what be you talk about ? he angrily cross the painting . lift one from the stack . it 's big , five foot wide . a photo-realism image of three race horse crossing a finish line . isaac this horse ? name be applejax . this be he win the Santa anita derby in the sixth race . I paint it three week ago . stella stare at it , confuse . stella yeah ? so ? Isaac stride over to a table . pick up a newspaper . flip through it . shove a page right into she face . stella stare , confuse . and now we see the page . it 's a photograph in the Sports section . it 's the identical image . isaac that 's this morning 's paper . the race be yesterday . Fucking yesterday ! stella just blink , try to process what he 's get at . stella but that 's ... 16 . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 isaac impossible ? apparently not . stella you tell I you can paint the future ? Isaac do not answer . just fill the bucket again . stella ( cont 'd ) it 's just a coincidence . you be high . for all you know you could have paint it this morning . Isaac angrily pull out another painting from the stack . isaac no . this one I paint this morning ! he spin it around for we to see . the image be of stella stand in the doorway wear the same flowery dress . the exact image we first see of she -- sunlight silhouett she from behind , one hand lean on the doorjamb above she head . she stare at it , now a little freak . isaac ( cont 'd ) something 's . wrong. with I . stella ( desperate ) we will get you help , Isaac . isaac I have try that . twice . there 's only one way leave . stella you can not do that . not alone . I can help you . I love you . please . isaac no ! I will drag you down with I , I swear to God I will . dust leave I alone . ( off she stare ) get out of here ! now ! stella hold he gaze . what she get for fall in love with a junkie . she neds and slowly back away , turn and walk out . Isaac watch she . then stare at the painting . a moment of decision . he 's get a plan and he 's stick to it . he cross quickly to a desk . yank open a drawer and pull out a rolled up t-shirt . unroll it onto the desk . 17 , heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 Inside be fix kit - a syringe , a spoon , a burner , a bag of heroin . another drawer yank open and he reach in , pull out a pair of handcuff . stride to the middle of the room . lay the fix kit down on the floor , open it . he walk back to the wall , sit , cross he leg . take one end of the handcuffs and snap they onto he wrist . take the other end and snap it onto the radiator . he stare at the heroin , ten foot away . so close , but now impossible to get to . off he steely determination -- ext . rock quarry - day we be look at a shaky home video image of claire bennet , ( 17 ) , stand on the edge of a two hundre foot cliff at a rock quarry , stare over the precipice . Claire have " girl - next - door " look , and to complete the cliché , she 's dress in a cheerlead outfit . a chiron print out across the screen -- " odessa , TEXAS " . Claire 's life up until now have be as ordinary as any kid in rural America . but right now it 's anything but ordinary . because at this moment , she arm outstretch and she lean forward and ... step off the ledge . like she 's fly . except she 's not fly . she 's falling . and fast ! we watch this horrible incident like a bad '' shock video '' tv moment . until splat ! she hit the ground full force . it 's fuck awful . the camera run up to she , like assassination footage . we hear the labored breathing of whoever be shoot this video footage . the camera stop and aim down at she broken , { jwisted body . blood on the rock . a long beat , then Claire begin to stir . slowly . she pop she dislocate leg back into its socket . her joint squish and SNAP into place . ' then she pries she bloody face off the rock and look right into camera -- claire this be Claire bennet ... and that be attempt number six . and off she placid expression -- fade out : end of act one chapter two > ) no > . @e k é '' vm be follow by a Moon shadow '' J 16 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 19 . aact two over black : a title card : chapter two " I be be follow by a moonshadow " fade in : int . yamagato industries - 23rd floor - day 16 close on a clock face that read 1:47 . the sweep hand tick off the second rhythmically . tick , tick , tick ... adjust to see hiro tanaka , ( 24 ) , stare at the clock intensely . he 's two foot away from it , he stare practically poring a hole into it . his face be actually shaking , he 's concentrate so hard on it . widen to find hiro at he cluttere desk in a tiny office cubicle , the wall cover with japanese anime character pin to every surface . the chiron say , '' tokyo , japan " . hiro be slight and nondescript in he short white sleeve shirt and black tie . a worker bee in sea of worker bee . however , hiro have a hint of the nonconformist in he . a little " spike " to he hairstyle . his tie a little too thin . a small " punk " bracelet tucking out of he sleeve . we hold on he , as he fervent stare intensify on the clock - eye bulg , forehead sweat . and then ... miraculously -- the sweep hand stop ! quiver and click one second back - before resume its normal forward rhythm . hiro thrust both fist into the air . hiro bonsai ! he leap out of he chair and lunge out of the cubicle . we track with he as he sprint down the long aisle , past what seem like a hundred other cubicle in this bee hive of worker . in another cubicle close on a computer screen a live video image of niki ( we webcam stripper ) slip into she tiny robe . she 's on the set in she garage - heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ( this be the very same scene we see earlier ) . niki walk past the camera , leave just the image of the empty bed . under which , we see the word , " time 's up " type out across the computer screen . widen to meet ando masahashi , ( 28 ) , a little more conservative look than hiro , and frankly a bit of a killjoy . where hiro 's cubicle be a cluttere mess , ando 's be exemplary in its neatness . ando type he response to niki . '' just a little more . please . I be almost there . " the cursor blink , then niki 's response , " it will cost you another 39 buck .... " ando stare at the blinking cursor , then type '' bitch ! '' just then , hiro slide around a corner and into the cubicle . ando quickly hit a button on he keyboard - a screen saver for " Star Wars - revenge of the sith '' take over the screen . hiro catch he breath for a beat , before -- ( they conversation be in japanese - subtitle to English . ) hiro ( cont 'd ) I do it ! I do it ! ando ( impatient ) what now ? hiro I have break the space / time continuum ! ando ( thoroughly uninterested ) good for you . hiro my clock . I make it go back one second , use only my mind , my thought . ando too bad you be not pay by the hour . you would be onto something . hiro I be serious . this explain the subway this morning . ando it be fourteen second late . Big deal . hiro ( for the 10th time ) that train be never late . 20 . 17 18 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 21 . ando ( humoring he ) until you make it late ... use only you mind . hiro yes . I have discover power beyond any mere mortal . ando right . you and spock . biro ( finally , you get it ) yes. like spock . exactly . suddenly , hiro be grab by the scruff of he shirt . it 's he boss , who start yelling at he as he drag he away . we be not sure what he 's yell , but we can guess it have something to do with get he ass back to work . ando poke he head out of he cubicle and watch with a smile as hiro be drag humiliatingly away -~ ando ( yell after ) use you ' death grip ' , spock ! the ' death grip 's ! off ando , laugh at he friend -- int . waiting room - principal be office - day 17 a pair of tennis shoed feet swing nonchalantly . widen to find micah by himself in this sterile wait room , bored . he look up to see he mom , niki , through the glass wall of the principal 's office . int . principal be office - same 18 niki sit across the desk from principal kearn , a tweedy ex - hippie . beard , corduroy jacket . niki be pretty agitate , and this conversation be not help matter . kearn I would like to tell you it 's only he test score , but it 's pervasive . niki he 's just a little behind though , right ? and she barely contain she desperation . kearn just hold she gaze , not give in . she lower she voice -~ heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 niki ( cont 'd ) look , I be a single mom and I work night a lot , but ... he can work harder at it ... we both can . kearn it 's not just hard work , there be basic developmental issue at play here . I be afraid he 's just not a good fit here . niki ( stunne ) but ... he 's make friend . he 's on the soccer team . kearn people pay a lot of money to send they child to this school ... niki yeah , well so do I ! kearn they expect a academic standard that we simply can not fall below . we do not have the resource to deal with you son 's special -- niki I write a check for twenty five thousand dollar to get he into this snobfestl I be tell that 's what it take ! not to mention the fourteen grand a year for tuition ! in the b.g. , micah have notice thing heating up in here . kearn kearn and you donation be very appreciate . niki well I want it back . just look at she . niki ( cont 'd ) I want it back now . preferably in cash . kearn that donation go into the capital campaign for the new wing . it 's already be spend . niki then un -spend it ! 19 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 23 . kearn I be sorry . we can certainly discuss a partial refund of this year 's tuition . niki reach across the desk and grab he by the collar , hoist he out of he seat . niki fuck you , I want my money back ! kearn that 's ... not possible . niki , seethe , shove he back into he chair -- smash CUT to : int , waiting room - principal be office - second later 19 kearn 's office door fly open and niki stride out . kearn stand in the b.g. niki grab micah by the hand . niki come on , let 's get outta here . ( look back at kearn ) you be too good for this lousy school . she pull micah towards the door , but pass a mirror along the way . she catch she reflection in it . stop . look at herself . something about it piss she off . she stride up to the mirror , stare . then rear she hand pack . and just as she 's about to strike she palm into the glass - she reflection slide up and out of the frame . wham ! she shatter the empty mirror with she palm . then follow the trajectory of where the reflection went . she stare up at the corner of the ceiling at something we cannot see . a long and strange beat , as everyone stare at she . micah ( concerned ) Mom ? niki ( at something unseen ) leave I alone ! niki shield micah behind she and back away , open the office door and rush off with she son in tow . off kearn , what the hell be that all about --? 20 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 24 . ext . outside a 7- eleven - day 20 we're in a West Texas suburban wasteland . we tilt down off the 7 - eleven sign to find Claire , still in she cheerlead outfit , sit on the curb next to 2z0e , ( 16 ) , a kind of artsy look gawky kid hold a video camera at she side while drink a slurpee . Claire have she chin on she knee , stare out at nothing . she 's completely clean up from she fall , look normal . claire I be so depressed . 20e why ? Claire turn and give she one of that teenager look . zoe ( cont 'd ) besides the fact that it be so gross I almost fudge myself , this be the single coolest thing to happen in this town in like a hundred year . claire not if nobody find out , it be not . zoe then why would you want I to tape it ? claire I have my reason . 20e I still can not believe you ask I . you stop talk to I in sixth grade . claire safer this way . zoe why , cuz I be not popular and no one would believe I even if I do tell , which I will not ? claire something like that . zoe I mean , it 's not like you be not go be popular anymore . heroe volume one '' Genesis '' 12/2/05 claire ( snap ) popular ?! who 's talk about popular ?! my life as I know it , be over , okay ?! I have get the Bishop game next week , the sat 's in October , homecome 's three week from today , and I be a freak show ! z0e you be be a little dramatic , do not you think ? claire no ! I do not think . look at I . I bust like every bone in my body , stab myself in the chest , shove a two foot steel rod through my neck and there 's not a scratch on I . zoe then what do you call that ? Zoe point down to Claire 's leg . Claire look down to see a bloody , horrific compound fracture poking through she shin . it 's almost too gross and bloody to look at . claire ( only slightly annoyed ) great ... Claire reach down and pop the bone back into she flesh . it make a sickening SOUND as it snap into place . she look back up at Zoe -~ claire ( cont 'd ) just give I the tape , okay ? she hold out she hand , impatiently snap she finger . Z0e relent . open the camera , pull out the tiny digital cassette and hand it to she . Claire stand and start to walk off , limping slightly . Zoe watch she . 20e you do not want a ride ? claire no . I '' just gonna walk . then Claire stop . turn and look back at Zoe. soften -- claire ( cont 'd ) thanks , okay ? i'11 talk to you in front of people at school tomorrow . I promise . 21 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 zoe nod . behind they , a FIRE truck roar past , siren blaring . Claire look at it , watch it round the corner . and as she walk off in its direction , she limp lessen with each stride -- int . interrogation room - police precinct - day al alice cambell , ( 76 ) , sit with she purse in she lap at a tiny interrogation table . do not let she sweet appearance fool you , this be a formidable woman , in this incongruous set . a uniform cop let ethan and Harrison into the room then leave . Alice look up at they , shrug sheepishly . harrison Mom , for God sake ... ethan be you okay ? alice they drop the charge . I have to fill out a form . it 's no big deal . harrison no big deal ?! do you have any idea what this will do to I if it get out ?! and what could you possibly need so badly that you have to steal it ?! ( then , disgust ) nevermind ! I do not even wanna know . alice sock . harrison what ?! Jesus ! dad leave you a fortune . what be you think ?! be you sick ? delusional ? ethan ( snap ) leave she alone ! she 's okay , that 's all that matter . harrison oh sure , we mom be a criminal , but thank God she 's fine . next thing we know she will be tell we she 's a crack whore . nstart pace ) I have gotta keep this outa the press . ethan you know what ? get outa here ! just go worry about you image ! I will handle this . 22 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 27 . harrison I be gonna call the d.a. 's office , make sure this thing be bury . and Harrison stride out of the room , leave ethan and Alice to look at one another . ethan ( sweetly ) what be you think , mom ? alice I just want to feel alive again . off ethan , nodd , he understand -- int . holding room - sing sing prison - day 22 close on a tattoo of a cockroach . we tilt off it to find this tattoo on d.l. hawkins 's right arm . he 's sit in the only chair in this cement room . stare straight ahead . the warden , a intense woman in a suit pace in front of he , look at a file . two guard stand nearby . warden you be do two consecutive life term , Mr. hawkins . might as well be dog year . and since you be go to be here a while , it would be wise for we to build a little trust . d.l. say nothing . just stare straight ahead . warden ( cont 'd ) in 2002 we install a pneumatic lock - down system . State of the art , four fail safe backup . you cell be lock up tighter than a cat 's butt last night . so I be gonna ask you one more time -- how do you get out ? d.l. just look at she . she cross and stand right in front of he , lean in close to he face . warden ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I do not catch that . dl. ( calmly ) I tell you , I just wake up there . the warden sigh . thinks a bit . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 warden ( to Guards ) transfer he to unit 9 . as the guard move towards d.l. , another guard step into the room and approach the warden -- whisper in she ear . she look up at d.l. as he 's be lead out the door . warden ( cont 'd ) Mr. hawkins . d.l. turn , warden ( cont 'd ) seem you have a phone call . which for some reason I feel inclined to let you take . ( then ) do not mistake this for a charitable gesture . I just happen to believe in the importance of family . and she walk away . off d.l. 's confuse eye -~ ext . porch - TEXAS tina's house - day a finger ring a doorbell and we widen to find niki stand with micah at the front door of a small tract house . micah I hate it here . she do not even have a tv ... niki I will be right back . I be just gonna pack up some stuff and we will leave tonight , go visit you dad -- micah be someone try to hurt we ? niki look at he . kneel to he eye level . niki I make some mistake , I admit it . micah like what ? niki nevermind . but you have to understand , I would never let anything happen to you , I promise . micah why would you break that mirror , mom ? heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 a beat , as niki try to think of how to answer . before she can , the door open , revealing TEXAS tina , a tough former show girl , a half dozen year older than niki . she size they up . know exactly why they be here . TEXAS tina how long ? niki couple hour , top ? TEXAS tina ( beat , to micah ) there 's some ice-cream in the frige . micah look up at niki for she approval . she nod and he rush into the house , leave Texas Tina and niki stare at each other . TEXAS tina ( cont 'd ) what happen ? niki I need money . I go to see linderman . TEXAS tina ( shake she head , disgust ) how much ? niki thirty . TEXAS tina you gambling again ? niki wo. just ... bill and ... use the rest to get micah into a private school . they want to hold he back another year at public school and ... I just need they to think we have the money . TEXAS tina from a loan shark ? shit niki , you be not bear yesterday . niki I be two week overdue . I think I could handle it ... but ... I be under a lot of stress . e@ TEXAS tina gee , I wonder why . niki I be start to lose it a little . ( more ) 24 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 niki ( cont 'd ) ( lower she voice ) I be see thing . TEXAS tina ( suspicious ) like ? niki look around , not sure how to say this . then ~~ niki I keep feel like someone 's watch I . TEXAS tina no shit , sherlock . the dude want he money back . he 's send some mouth breather to put you in the hospital . niki it 's not just they . it 's someone else . someone I can not see . do that make any sense ? fina just look at she , confuse . TEXAS tina no , not much . niki I be sorry , I should not be tell you -- TEXAS tina but let I tell you what do make sense . you have to come up with the thirty grand , plus interest , now . or you gotta run . that 's what make sense . off niki 's frighten stare , know what she have to do ~- ext . brownstone STREET ~ upper east side - day ethan and he mom , Alice , stroll down the shady sidewalk . ethan he only care about himself . alice you father be the same way . Alpha dog , both of they . you , in the meantime , for all you selflessness , sit with die people ... you gonna retire on what you make ? ethan maybe I will start shoplift my sock . 30 , 24 volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 alice do not get smart . when you put everyone else first , you end up last . you always put Harrison first and he take advantage . ethan he 's my brother . I love he . alice Love be overrate . ethan and he love I too . I know it . we have always be so close . alice Rose color glass . ethan that 's cruel . alice it 's the truth . ethan we have we own language ' till we be five . alice four . he stop before you do . ethan it 's biological . I can not help it . I have always have this intense connection with he . ( stop , look at she ) I have never tell you this ... but when Harrison have the accident ... I know it . alice we all get the same call . ethan no . I mean I know it before the call . Three hundred mile away , I wake up and I know he would be hurt . Alice just look at he . ethan ( cont 'd ) I know it 's not right to be so connect @ to he . I be mean for something special of my own . but when ? é she stop and look at he . there 's something cold in she eye . volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 alice I be you mother , and I love you . but the truth be , I give up hope for you a long time ago . he just stare , crush by this terrible word . she kiss he on the cheek and start up the stair of the brownstone . ethan lean back against the railing of the step . close he eye . we push in on he and whoosh -~ ext . canyon of new york CITY - day we be suddenly in another ( subjective camera} flying dream . soaring , swooping , diving . conner Oberst 's ( Bright eye ) '' Road to Joy '' rise onto tbe soundtrack , as we tumble , twist and roll . we bank and start to rise above the skyscraper , higher and higher until we reach ~- the SUN hot and fiery in a cloudless sky , slowly beginning to darken on one edge . we realize we be watch the beginning of a solar eclipse . and as the music continue -- fade out and into : ext . rooftop ~ yamagato industries - day from high above we be look down fifty office worker do calisthenics in regiment unison . side bend , deep knee bend , etc . it look like a precision drill team . all but one lone figure , whom we pick out among the mass . it 's hiro . he 's just stand there in the middle of the pack , stare up at the eclipse . as the moon 's shadow creep over the rooftop -- fade out and into : int . loft - day from high angle look down at Isaac , we junkie artist , lie on the floor , shaking violently . he look awful , in full - blow withdrawals . a streak of light cut across he face , seeping in through a crack in the tin-foil cover window . that light suddenly darken , and in a moment of lucidity , Isaac look up and focus on the SUN as it 's be obscure by the moon . we drift off of he , and -- fade out and into : 30 31 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ext . CITY STREET - day we be looking down at ethan hail a taxi on a crowded corner . a taxi slow to stop , as the sunlight around he begin to darken . he climb into the back of the taxi . close on the taxi be rear side window as ethan stare out of it , look up at the sun we -- fade out and into : ext . burning build - odessa , TEXAS ~ day we tilt down from the sky to a two story apartment house on FIRE . ( this be the same image that we see a painting of in Isaac 's loft . ) FIRE truck , police , news van , dozen of on - looker behind a barricade across the street . we pan they face until we find claire , stand among they , still in she cheerlead outfit . while everyone 's eye be glue to the burn building , Claire 's gaze be skyward , squinting to look at the eclipse . and as we rise above she , the shadow of the moon wash over the entire scene and we -- fade out and into : int . cell block ~ sing sing prison - day 30 two Guards lead d.l. down the long cell block , past cell with harden look convict . the light stream through the high window suddenly darken . d.l. seem to be the only one who notice . and when he do , it stop he in he track . it 's as though it mean something to he . and off he intense stare -- fade out and into : int . niki sander ' live room —- day 31 niki carefully enter through the splintered front door . on edge , she cock her head to hear if anyone be in here . every step cautious , like walk on break glass . she stop in the room , look around . it 's be ransacked . her gaze fall on the shoe BOX ( micah 's pinhole camera ) on a end table , sunlight stream down on it from the window . she cross , pick it up . lift the lid , peek inside -- close on the inside of the BOX through the pinhole -- a image of the nearly complete eclipse illuminate the bottom of the box . as conner oberst be '' Road to Joy " fade out , niki pull she eye away from the box and set it down . then hear a noise . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 34 . she spin around and see the big guy who bust down she door earlier . he 's in the kitchen , he back to she . he clearly do not know she 's here . she freeze . shit . what should she do ? she slowly start to back towards the front door , when ~- she 's grabbed from behind ! she turn to see the weasel look guy . weasel welcome home . and off niki 's fearful eye -- fade out : act two chapter three '' dreamtime '' heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 act three over black : a title card : chapter three '' dreamtime '' fade in : ext . burning build - day it 's be only second since we last see Claire . she lower she gaze from the eclipse to the FIRE truck in the distance . we notice a few people , inconsolable , sobbing , as some " love one " be clearly trap in this building . Claire turn to look at a small cluster of firemen and cop confer nearby . another cop rush up to they . we can barely make out they conversation . cop # 1 .-- four year old in a wheelchair . live in the middle apartment , second floor . they all glance up at the building . fireman # 1 the staircase be go , fire 's take out eighty percent of the top floor . they all stare , paralyze by they impedance . Claire turn back , look at the building . then without much think , she climb over the barricade and start across the street . we move with she as she walk towards the building . in the chaos , no one notice , until -- fireman # 1 ( cont 'd ) hey ! what do you think you be do ?! but it 's too late , Claire be almost to the entrance of the building . a news crew rush forward , capture she image just as she disappear into the flame . the cop and firemen come rush up , but there 's nothing they can do but watch . we move in on the building and hold for a long beat . and just when we be not sure where we go from here -- claire emerge from the flame , carry a unconscious four year old boy in she arm , she expression still blank . two firemen run up to she . she hand over the boy , as the news crew rush up to she , point they camera in she face . as we move 360 degree around she , we -~ 33 34 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 36 . int . phone bank ~ sing sing prison - day 33 a old institutional phone handset be lift off its wall - mount receiver . we follow it up to a tight cu of d.l. he 's sit in a plexiglas booth , ina long row of other plexiglas booth , each contain a prisoner on the phone . d.l. hello ? we hear only he side of the call as speak softly -- d.l. ( cont 'd ) yeah ... ( hard to say ) I miss you too . ( listen ) when ? be you sure ?... do you see what they look like ?... as he listen , he lower he head in defeat fatigue . d.l. ( cont 'd ) ioca not ... help you right now . you know that . so you need to listen to I . you gotta be the man for now . a man 's get responsibility . to he family . that 's you job now . ( more to himself ) that 's you job . he look up as the Guard tap on the glass , '' wrap it up '' . d.l. ( cont 'd ) zi gotta go . you and you mama be gonna be okay . tell she I promise she something ... ( lower he voice to a whisper ) I be gonna find a way outa here . and he slowly hang up the phone . blink hard to clear the tear from he eye and we -~ cur to : int . TEXAS tina's kitchen - day 34 micah , stand at the counter , slowly hang up the phone . there be tear in he eye as well . TEXAS tina ( 0.8 . ) who be you talk to ? 35 36 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 37 . micah turn , startle to see Texas Tina stand in the doorway . he hesitates , then -- micah no one . off Texas Tina , not buy it -~ ext . CITY STREET - tokyo - night 35 hiro and ando stroll down the sidewalk . hiro be all amp up . ando the somber skeptic . ( again , they conversation be in japanese . ) hiro the yogis in India have be do this for thousand of year . ' the aborigine in Australia bend time and space when they enter the dreamtime . ando Fine , I will humor you . let 's say you really do have this power ... what do you do with it ? join the circus ? I mnean , no one ever get laid by stop the second hand of a clock . biro that 's just the beginning . as I develop my power , I will learn to bend space , too . then I can tele - port myself anywhere on the planet . ando like Star Trek . hiro yeah , like Star Trek . in every hero myth , the hero must learn he purpose . when he do , he will be test and call to greatness . ando stop in front of a karioki bar , consider this . ando tI think I be go to have to be drunk to finish this conversation . ( head towards bar ) " beam we up , scotty " . and he laugh as hiro follow he into the bar -- ext . back of a paramedics truck - day 36 tt 's be four and half minute since Claire walk out of the fire . she sit on the tailgate , wrap in a blanket . 37 heroe volume one " Genesis '' 12/2/05 38. a paramedic apply a salve to she face . that glaze look in she eye be still there , the FIRE chief step up to she . FIRE chief you wanna tell I how you pull that off ? Claire shrug . pire chief ( cont 'd ) how would you get to the second floor ? there be no staircase anymore . claire ( deadpan , numb ) I do not know . FIRE chief how would you know where he be ? ( off she blank look ) it 's over eight hundred degree in there . how the hell do you do that ? claire I do not know . I do not know ... and off she numb expression -- cuT to ; int . loft ~ day 37 a doorknob twist open . tilt up to reveal stella . she step into the dark loft . feel for the light switch . find it , flip it on . nothing . no electricity . stella Isaac ! no answer . she walk cautiously into the room . come around a corner and stop , as she see something . it 's Isaac . lying on the floor , handcuffed to the radiator . he 's shaking , convulse in the throes of withdrawal . she stare at he , piss and horrify all at once . he look up at she . stella ( cont 'd ) I should leave you here to die . isaac ( weakly ) finally , something that make sense . 3 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 @ stella but I have get too many people drop dead on I already . she bend down to he . isaac get away from I . stella I be take you to the hospital . isaac I say , leave I alone ! stella where 's the key ? isaac I do not have it , stella where 's the goddamn key ?! Isaac just turn away . stella , piss , cross to the kitchen , yank open the cupboard under the sink . pull out a toolbox . carry it back and drop it on the floor . she open it and dig around . find a hammer . start pounding the shit out of the chain of the handcuffs . isaac it 's better this way . you will forget about I after a while . stella bang for a few second , then stop . it 's futile . she reach into the toolbox and pull out a saw . she start try to cut the chain with it , but it 's a fuck wood saw . she drop it on the floor in frustration . start digging through the toolbox for something else . isaac ( cont 'd ) I never love you , stella . I want you money . JI want the sex . that 's all it be . think you should know that in case I die . stella just stare at he , crush by he word . she stand and look down at he . stella Fine . you wanna die ? die. I be not gonna stop you . she turn and walk away . Isaac watch she until she step out the door . 38 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 40 . a long beat , then he conflict eye focus onto something -- isaac' Pov -- five foot away - the saw lie on the floor . we rack focus to it . off Isaac 's eye , the seed plant for this unthinkable idea -- int . cell - u9 - sing sing prison - day 38 a key unlock a prison cell door . widen to find d.l. be pushed into a cell by the two Guards . this be a american version of " Midnight Express " . it 's fuck up . depress , windowless , cold . across the hali , another cell face it . in here , ezekiel taylor , a older black man in he sixty , watch . Wise but dangerous eye . the Guards shove d.l. in and lock the cell behind he . guard you keep a eye on he , zeke . this boy like to wander . the Guards walk off , leave d.l. and " Zeke " stare at one another across the hall . it 's a awkward moment . finally -- zeke musta do something real bad - get you ass throw down here . d.l. just look at he . cross and sit on he bed . zeke ( cont 'd ) quiet type . good. mlaugh to himself ) last dude talk too much anyway . zeke lift some rolled up object , two foot long . carry it to the center of he cell as he talk -- zeke ( cont 'd ) either you get nothing to say , of ... zeke stop and look at he , study he eye . zeke ( cont 'd ) you scared . uh huh ... I see you kind in here thirty seven year now . he unroll the object in he hand and we see that it 's a persian prayer rug . herce volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 39 zeke ( cont 'd ) like every other swinging dick . kill someone , rob the wrong white lady , end up look at the world from the inside out . till one day it dawns on you sorry ass that it 's over , the so-called dream you call " life " . now , most man go one way when face with that inevitability . prison livin ' inside you , ' stead of the other way ' round . he lay the prayer rug down on the floor . zeke ( cont 'd ) there 's a lotta way a man can do the time . but be not but one of they lead to the real way out . geke lift a book from the stool by he bed . cross to the bar and look ominously at d.l. he whisper , as though revealing a secret ~- zeke ( cont 'd ) you can teach you soul to go anywhere it want . he bend down , place the book on the floor . slide it across the hall . it come to a stop right outside d.l. 's cell . zeke ( cont 'd ) taught mine to go to Mecca five time a day . zeke turn and walk to the prayer rug , stand over it , obviously face Mecca . zeke ( cont 'd ) ( be : the book ) I know where to find you when I need it back . he raise he palm skyward . mutter a prayer under he breath and drop to he knee , then prostrate onto the floor . d.l. watch this odd ritual , then look down at the book on the floor . stands and cross to it . pick it up . look at the cover . '' the Koran " off d.l. , watch Zeke pray ~- int . karioki bar ~ night 39 hiro and ando sit at a back table . they be a little tipsy now and have to shout to be hear over the really bad karioki . hiro be still all work up -- heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 42. hiro see , most people perceive time as a straight line , always go forward . like this . hiro dip a chopstick into he small dish of soy sauce . he draw a soy sauce line on he paper place mat . hiro ( cont 'd ) but time be actually more like this ... he take he finger and smear the soy sauce into a circle . ando where do you learn all this ? hiro X - Men , issue 117 , when wolverine break into Professor xavier 's lair -- ando a comic book ? hiro ( duh ... ) well ... yeah . there be not a ten year old on the planet who have not secretly wish for super power . and I , hiro tanaka , get they . I of all people . last in my class , last on the sport field . I be not a loser anymore . ando consider this . wow , he friend be really serious about this shit . ando alright , look ... tell I one useful thing you could do with this power . can you make money ? hiro a super hero do not use he power for personal gain . ando then what good be it ? can you tele - port yourself into the woman 's bathroom ? now , there 's something useful . you will not learn you " purpose " in there , but you might learn something about life . hiro Fine . if I have to , yes , I could tele - port myself into the woman 's bathroom . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ando great , then do it . I will grab two more beer . and ando get up , head for the bar . hiro watch he go , then turn he gaze towards the woman 's bathroom at the back of the bar . what the hell , he take a deep breath and stare intensely at the bathroom door . off hiro , concentrate hard -- smash CUT to : int . dine room - claire' house ~ evening a static wide shot of Claire 's family around a very normal middle class dinner table - very kubrick . Claire , dress now in jeans and a sweatshirt , sit with she mom , sandra , ( 41 ) , dad , kent , ( 43 ) and brother , lyle , ( 14 ) . Sandra be all wound up -- sandra ... I think carla be perfectly nice and very capable , but if they think I be go to take order from she ... she look up from she plate to see that no one be really pay that much attention . sandra ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . it just get my goat . kent it 's understandable , sweetheart . you have be work checkout for fourteen year . I feel the same way about Ted . sandra alright , enough about I . what would everybody else do today ? Kent look to he two kid . lyle just shrug . Claire push she food around the plate . kent I sell a fully load lebaron to a guy from midland . put thirty percent down . Three more car and that trip to maui be ours this year . aloooha . ( to lyle ) how 'bout you , buddy ? anything happen today ? lyle Doug and I see this mexican guy , a homeless dude , on we way to school . we think he be dead ... but he be not . Al heroe volume one " Genesis '' 12/2/05 44 . Kent just nod . not exactly what he be hope for , but . oe he and Sandra turn to Claire , expectantly . without hesitation -- claire I jump off a cliff ... and I do not die . Dead silence as everyone look at she , try to figure out what that could possibly mean . Kent , do he best to relate -- kent I know you be at that secretive age , sweetheart , but what do you mean by that ? Claire , on the spot , hesitates . sandra I know what she mean . Claire look at she , a mixture of fear and relief . sandra ( cont 'd ) here I be talk about get pass over for a silly little raise , and you go and say something really profound . we come to all kind of cliff in we life . and when we face we fear and jump , we usually do not get hurt . ( welling up ) you be very wise , sweetheart . whatever it be you do , I be proud of you . off Claire 's tiny , force smile -- int . taxi - late afternoon 41 ethan climb into back seat of the cab , stare out the window up at the sky . the light have darken from eclipse , and we realize we be right where and when we last leave he . ethan ( to 0.s. driver ) the corner of Center and Canal , please . the taxi pull away and ethan stare out the window up to the sky . close on the rear view mirror as a hand reach up to adjust it . in its reflection we see ethan from the driver 's perspective . a voyeuristic moment , as ethan have no idea he 's be spy upon . suresh ( 0.s. ) a solar eclipse . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ethan look up at the driver , it 's professor suresh , look as anonymous as any other third World cabbie in Manhattan . ethan oh. yeah . wonder if it 's gonna be total ? suresh not here , no . some other part of the world , yes . a true global event . make one appreciate how small we planet really be . ethan look at suresh , intrigue by he observation . suresh ( cont 'd ) but then , we be all rather small , be not we ? ethan nod as he stare at suresh . it 's a odd stare , a instant and overwhelming need to open up this conversation . a perfect stranger , no string . what 's the harm ? ethan what 's you name ? suresh mohinder . ethan I be ethan . ( beat ) let I ask you something , mohinder . you ever have the feel you be mean to do something extraordinary ? suresh I be drive a cab . you may have notice . ethan I be not talk about what you do . I be talk about who you be . I be talk about be special . suresh we be all special . ethan ( frustrated ) that 's not what I mean . suresh some individual , it be true , be more special . this be natural selection . volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 % , ethan ( interesting ... ) like evolution . suresh what be it that make a species , after million of year , suddenly adapt to catastrophic change in they environment ? overnight . literally . we push in on ethan as suresh continue . ethan be rivete . suresh ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the ice age hit and a hundred thousand species go extinct immediately . ( snap he finger ) like that . while other , no more unique ox complex , change and adapt in extraordinary way , insure the survival of they species . the cockroach , for instance . we push in on ethan as suresh 's lecture continue . ethan be rivete . this be speak to the very core of he be . suresh ( cont 'd ) it begin with a single individual , bear or hatched like every other member of they species , anonymous , seemingly ordinary . except they be not . they carry inside they the genetic code that will take they species to the next evolutionary rung . ethan be now stare off at nothing . slowly nodd he head . suresh ( cont 'd ) so if one feel they be special , that they have unique ability , then they have a evolutionary imperative to discover that ability . it 's they destiny . ethan swallow . he look like he 's about to leap out of he skin . no word have ever rung truer . and break this strange silence -~ ring , he cell , ethan jump , then answer . ethan ( to phone ) hello ?... stella ... I be just go home , but ... no , it 's no problem . I can be there in ten minute . that 's okay , I will see you there . he hang up . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ethan ( cont 'd ) can I get out here , please ? suresh study he for a beat , then pulis the cab over . ethan reach into he pocket and pull out a ten , drop it through the window of the partition . he open the door and start to get out . ethan hold he gaze for a beat , unable to speak . then turn and rush off . suresh watch he as another man slide into the back seat . we do not see he face , but he be dress in a dark suit . and for a split second we think we catch just a glimpse of he horn rimmed glass . suresh turn and look at the man . suresh where to , my friend ? fade out : end of act three é , chapter four : '' Genesis '' ; i cs '' I n.. é '' how | learn to stop worry and Love the bomb '' heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 act four over black : a title card : chapter four '' Genesis '' or " how I learned to stop worry and Love the bomb '' fade in : int . niki sander ' garage - night tight on the luscious wave and fold of the blue satin bedspread that we see when we first meet niki . they be disrupt as -- weasel ( 0.8 . ) fifty grand be a lot of money . niki be throw onto she bed . violently . ( only a minute and fourteen second have pass since last we see she . ) she look up at -- the weasel and the big guy stand over she . weasel ( cont 'd ) but we wanna be fair about this . niki fifty ? it be thirty . even with interest - — weasel shoulda read the fine print . the weasel pull up a chair as the Big guy check out she computer and camera . niki look at they desperately -- niki look , I have a son . I be all he 's get . please . I can get the money . weasel tell you what , let 's start with a little business proposition . you make , what , forty buck every twenty minute for take off you clothes ? niki look at they , unsure what he 's get at . weasel ( cont 'd ) I be gonna give you a chance to work off a little of you debt . see where it go from there . 43 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 vhe Big guy hit the record button on the camera . niki look at the red light on the camera . the slow whir of the tape turning echoe in the garage . weasel ( cont 'd ) ( lean back ) go on , let 's see what you get . niki sit up on she knee on the bed and slowly , timidly begin to rub she hand seductively up and down she body . she start to cry , but stop herself . get into character . undoe the button on she shirt -- start at the top and work she way down . one by one . slow as she can . the two man smile . and as she undoe the top button of she jeans -~ she stop . look at something just behind the two man . they notice . turn and look back behind they to see -- niki' reflection din the mirror that we see the first time we be here . nothing unusual . they look back at niki . but she keep look at she reflection . weasel ( cont 'd ) what 's the problem , baby ? it 's just get good . but niki do not respond . she just keep stare at the reflection . the weasel be piss . he stand , cross to she , backhand she across the face . weasel ( cont 'd ) I say , what 's you problem ?! niki get back up . scowl at he defiantly -- niki fuck you . the weasel rear back and deliver a straight hard punch . and as he fist come right into camera , we ~ — slam to black : int . taxi - late afternoon professor suresh look back at the man with horned rimmed glass , wait for he to respond . ( we be right where we leave off last time we be with suresh . ) horned rimmed glass the United Nations , please . suresh turn and start drive . after a long , tense beat . 43 volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 horned rimmed glass ( cont 'd ) suresh , huh ? suresh , startle , look back over he shoulder . suresh I be sorry ? horned rimmed glass you name . on you license there . suresh look down at he license and photo , display on the dash . and now we get we first real look at the man with the horned rimmed glass . a sort of young Max von sydow -type . sophisticate , unknowable . he 's toy with suresh . he know exactly who he be . horned rimmed glass ( cont 'd ) that 's indian , yes ? suresh stare at he through he rear view mirror . that glass . he know they . it land . hard . horned rimmed glass ( cont 'd ) ( muse ) probably lot of suresh 's where you from . like Smith or anderso -- skiiiddddd ! the tire lock as suresh slam on the brake . the man go flying into the plexiglas partition , smashing he glass against it . it stun he . when he regains he bearing , he lock up to see suresh be gone . ext . STREET - same we crane up over the taxi , its driver 's door wide open , and see suresh sprint down the middle of the street , weaving in and out of the traffic . and as horn rimmed glass slowly climb out and watch he disappear into the distance -- int . karioki bar - night 45 ando stand at the bar . ( about forty second of time have pass since we last see they . ) he take two bottle of asahi and turn back towards the table where he and hiro be sit . hiro be go . he see a commotion near the back of the place . a bouncer be drag hiro out of the woman 's bathroom as two women scream angrily at he . ando watch the bouncer drag hiro right past he and out the front door , toss he onto the sidewalk . ando look down at the beer in he hand , shake he head and set they down . he head for the door . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ext . CITY STREET - tokyo - second later hiro lie in a heap on the sidewalk as ando step out the door . hiro {sore , but excited ) do you see I ? I do it . I be in the woman 's bathroom . ando great . now you be a pervert . hiro nget up slowly ) I tele - ported myself ! ando enough ! there be no such thing as break the space / time continuum , alright ?! hiro Fine , do not believe I . ando there be twelve and a half million people in this city . not one of they can bend space and time . why do you want to be different ?! hiro no . the question be , why do you want to be the same ?! ando because , that 's what I be ! the same . hiro exactly . it 's what we all be . look at we . we dress the same . we look the same . we do the same job . just like everyone else . homogeneous . yogurt . ando ( now he 's mad ) yogurt , huh ? last year at the company banquet , the whole department sing karioki . madonna , tear for fear , Abba , Duran Duran ... but who sing Barry White ? me. that 's different enough . hiro sure . for you . but I want to be special . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 ando we be not special ! we be japanese ! hiro Fine . stay here . be just like everyone else . I wanna go boldly where no man have go before . and he walk off . ando watch he go . ando that 's right , you be special ! you be '' Super hiro " ! go find you purpose ! go save the world ! and as hiro walk off into the night -- int . penthouse apartment - late afternoon ethan enter , look up to see stella rifling through the drawer of the night stand by the bed where she father lay die . she look a little craze . ethan what be you look for ? stella morphine . ethan what for ? she stop . look up at he . stella I need you to come with I someplace . ethan where ? stella you will see . she grab some vial and stuff they inte she purse . ethan cross to she . he 's more confident and determine than we have ever see he . ethan look , I can not work for you father anymore . stella ( confuse ) what ? what be you talk about ? heroe volume one '' Genesis '' 12/2/05 ethan I can not , I need to make some change in my life . I can not keep live for other people . I need to spread my wing , you know ? stella ( snap ) we will talk about this later ! right now I need you to come with I . you be a nurse , you can give a shot . you can help he . ethan help who ? but she do not answer , as she stride towards the door . off ethan , wonder what he 's get into -- int . cell - sing sing prison ~ night zeke lie asleep in he bed . he stir and open he eye . sit up , as something get he attention . across the hall d.l. stand by the bar of he cell , a strange glaze look on he face . zeke somethin 's you want , brother ? d.l. do not answer . Zeke stand and cross to the bar of he own cell . stare at d.l. , study he . zeke ( cont 'd ) you okay ? still no response from d.l. , just the strange expression . zeke ( cont 'd ) orealize ) damn ... you be sleepwalk , be not you ? ( then ) go back to bed . I be serious . this be not natural . go back to bed . he wait to see if d.l. will comply . he do not . Zeke turn and walk back to bed . climb under the cover and roll over , he back to d.l . off d.l. , stand near the bar , asleep on he foot -~ heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 int . kitchen - claire' house - evening Claire do dish . Sandra be in the b.g. , clear the table in the dining room . sandra ( 0.s. ) I think we would go to the movie this Saturday . maybe try on some shoe at the new mall in gardenville . claire sure . ( then , out of the blue ) I love you mom . sandra ( 0.s. ) but ? claire but nothing . I just want to tell you that . sandra ( 0.s. ) no , you think I be try to be you best friend again , admit it . claire it 's alright , really , we can go to the movie together . it 's no big deal . she turn on the garbage disposal , scrap a plate of food into it . sandra ( 0.s. ) ( voice rise over noise ) I just miss you , that 's all . I want to be you mom , I want to give you advice , but I do not want to push you away . Claire look back towards she desperately , but Sandra 's still in the other room , clear the table . claire I want advice . I do . I will not push you away , I promise . and just then , she CLASS ring slip off she finger and into the disposal . without think , Claire plunge she hand in to retrieve it . the disposal whirs and grind hideously as she finger be ground in it . she pull she hand out , and in she bloody , mangle finger , she hold the ring . she stare at it , in no pain at all . herce volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 sandra { 0.s. ) I just do not think you should be so worried about fitting in all the time , about be so popular . and Sandra come back into the room . Claire turn quickly and hide she bloody hand behind she back , as Sandra step right up to she and take she lovingly by the shoulder . sandra ( cont 'd ) I do not want to see you make mistake like I do . I want to be someone more interesting than I be . claire you be interesting . floor the blood dripping next to Claire 's foot . drip . sandra no , I want to hitchhike across Europe , study art , fall in love with some poetry quote frenchman . not that you dad be not wonderful , but my point be , you should be who you be and know that it 's enough . because who you be be special . Claire nod , look into she mother 's eye . want to tell she . claire about that , mom ... there 's something I need to say . something I have not talk about because I think it would upset you and dad . sandra sweetheart , you can say anything to we , you know that . claire ( really hard to say } I think I be old enough now for you to tell I who my real parent be . well , we do not see that one come . Sandra look at she , then pull she into she arm . @ sandra a of course you be . heroe volume one '' Genesis '' 12/2/05 Claire instinctive hug she back . she lift she hand and look at it behind Sandra 's back , it 's perfectly normal now . kent ( 0.s. ) honey ?! Claire ?! come take a look at this ! Claire and Sandra separate and head into -- int . live room ~- claire' house —- continuous where they find Kent stand in front of the tv . he 's get he back to they , obscure the tv from they view . sandra what be it ? kent ( numbly ) the news . he step aside and we see on the tv - the footage from the FIRE . Claire be carrying the boy out of the burn building , there for all the world to see this miraculous feat . Sandra and Kent both turn in unison to stare at Claire , speechless . off Claire 's enigmatic expression -- and one second before she be about to speak we -- int . niki sander ' garage - night we be in real tight on niki 's face , lie in a smear of she own blood on the blue satin bedcover . she slowly wake . disorient , she start to sit up , wonder where the hell she be . then it hit she like a ton of brick as she see something and gasp . niki be Pov - the place look like a fuck tornado ripped through it . we two bad guy , the weasel and the big guy lay dead on the floor . and I mean real dead . there 's blood everywhere . they have be savagely beaten . broken mirror shard be everywhere . one large piece be stick out of the weasel 's neck , he eye still wide open . the Big guy 's own gun be shove into he mouth , a pool of blood behind he head . niki stand up and stagger off the bed . she turn all the way around , totally freak , look for the unseen culprit of this insane killing spree . she back up , step over the Big guy 's dead carcass and bump into the webcam 's tripod . catch it . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 suddenly realize that the camera 's red light be still on . it dawns on she in a flash . she shut off the camera and unclip it from the tripod . carry it , she start to turn when something catch she eye . look over her shoulder from behind she , we now see what it be -- the busted mirror , half the glass break out of its frame . in the mirror - her own reflection . she stare at herself in the crack piece of glass , divide she like a jigsaw puzzle . and suddenly , like something out of a freaky horror film , she reflection move , independent of she . it raise its blood drench hand and wipe it nonchalantly on she shirt . and off niki , she life suddenly upside down -- ext . sing sing prison - night we be tight on d.l. 's face . again , like when we first meet he , he 's asleep . then cha chunk ! the unmistakable sound of a shotgun cocking . he wake with a start . look up , eye wide . adjust to see two guard stand over he . we crane up to discover that we be right outside the razor wire fence of the prison . d.l. look around , no idea how he get here . as we slowly rise to find the moon in the sky -- ext . CITY STREET - tokyo - niget we tilt down from that same moon to find hiro strolling down the empty sidewalk in this quiet business district . he weave slightly from too much to drink , he pass a TRAVEL agency . stop and stare at he own reflection the window . along with the various TRAVEL poster on display , there be wall of clock display the different time zone around the world . he close he eye from fatigue , pinching the bridge of he nose . as he do , we see every clock begin to spin wildly . he open he eye back up and they stop . he do not notice . he nonchalantly glance up at a poster of time square in New York City , all light up at night . he stare it , smile and slowly turn to walk away . he take a couple of step and stop . a stunne look on he face . he stare up and all around he and we slowly pull back to find that hiro be now stand smack in the middle of -- time square we rise up as hiro spin around , take in this extraordinary sight and -- 54 heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 58. int . loft - night 54 the door open and stella and ethan enter the dark room , stella have a flashlight . ethan I be just say it 's impossible . no one can predict the future . stella I see it with my own eye . ( yell ) Isaac ?! I bring someone to help you . he 's a nurse . there 's no response . ethan follow behind she , but stop , as something crunch beneath he foot . she aim she light down . it 's a syringe . ethan stare at it . stella aim the light up towards the radiator that Isaac handcuff himself to , he 's not there . closer now and she see -~ the handcuff one cuff be still lock to the radiator . in the other cuff , a hand , sawed off at the wrist , stella ( cont 'd ) oh god ... ethan over there . stella whip the flashlight beam across the room to find isaac lie on the floor , unconscious , he bloody stump wrap in a towel . in he one hand , a paintbrush . stella rush up to he . stella Jesus , Isaac , what have you do ? but ethan have come to a stop , he 's see something . we do not see it yet , but it have stop he dead in he track . then -- ethan's Pov - a painting on a easel , half finish . it 's ethan ! he 's leaping off a building , wear the same clothes he 's wear right now , arm outstretch , like a swan dive . ethan step right up to the painting . reaches out and touch he own image , suspend in mid-air . heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 stella tend to Isaac . stella ( cont 'd ) I be call 911 . we will get you to a hospital . Isaac 's eye flutter open . isaac ( barely audible ) we have to stop it . and he eye drift off , indicate something " over there " . stella follow he gaze and lock onto what he 's look at -- the wall have be wildly painted , like a crazy person on a psychedelic bender . giant , bold brush stroke in half paint and half blood -- the image of a huge nuclear mushroom cloud rise over the skyline of New York City . ethan , still freeze by he own image leaping off a building , finally sense something and turn to see the huge painting on the wall . and as he take it all in -- fade out and into : ext . rooftop of build ~- night Close on a pair of shoe dangling in mid-air . we rise up to find ethan sit on the ledge of a fifteen story building , leg over the side . he look down , see a taxi pull up to the alley below . harrison hop out , rush to the edge of the building , look up at he , ethan stand up on the ledge . harrison ( feign nonchalance ) I get you message ! what be you do here , ethan ?! ethan find out who I be ! harrison you know who you be ! you be my brother ! my better half ! the nicest guy on the planet ! ethan ( welling up ) yeah ! that 's I ! or at least it use to be ! I can fly , Harrison ! I just need to do it ! I need to take the leap ! heroe volume one " Genesis " 12/2/05 harrison and if you can not ?! etban then at least I 'il find out ! I be bear right next to you , I guess I will die that way , too ! ethan step closer to the edge . harrison ethan , dammit , stop screwing around ! ethan no . it 's my turn to be somebody now ! and he leap off the ledge , arm outstretch , just like the painting ! like he can fly . but he do not ... and he drop . actually , plummet be a better word . like a stone ! falling and flail ! its awful . and just as we be convinced we be about to witness a horrible death -- he stop ! in mid air ! it 's like in the first dream . except -- he look down to see -~ harrison holding he up , floating in mid - AIR himself ! he can fly ! they stare into each other 's eye , both as freak by this as the other . ethan ( cont 'd ) you ...$ how do you ...? harrison I ... I do not know . ethan be heavy , and Harrison unsteady . he can not hold he up . ethan slip out of Harrison 's arm ! Harrison grab onto ethan 's hand , suspending beneath he , dangle by the tip of he finger . harrison ( cont 'd ) ethan ... oh god ... a desperate beat , as they try to hold on . ethan it 's okay . I love you , Harrison . and as ethan 's finger begin to slip , Harrison hold on for dear life , as we -- slam to black :