charade written by Peter Stone base on a story by Peter Stone and Marc behm October 1st , 1962 fade in ( before title ) ext . french countryside -- dusk silence -- complete silence for the urbanite , though the oncoming darkness be punctuate by the sound of farm country -- a few bird , a distant rumble of thunder from some heavy cloud on the horizon , a dog 's bark . camera pan the green , square - off flatland , light only by a fine sunset in its final throes . then , gradually , start from nothing , a rumble be hear , quickly grow louder and louder until the sound of a train can be recognize . camera pan quickly , discover the railroad line atop a man-made rise of land , and the speed passenger train be upon we , flash by with a roar . then , as if from nowhere , the figure of a man hit the embankment and roll crazily down to the bottom into the thick underbrush alongside the track . close shot -- body it lie in the bush , still , unmove -- dead . camera pan away to the quiet peaceful countryside as the sound of the train fade off until there be silence once more . title music begin with a crash . ( MAIN title ) deleted fade in : ext . megeve -- day a handsome and elegant hotel perch on the mountain - side overlook the french resort town . a large , open sun deck -- table , gaily color parasol , sun bather . one of the latter be regina lampert , a lovely young girl . she be , besides take in the sun , involved in she favorite activity -- eat . then -- a dark , ominous shape intrude in the f.g. focus change to bring into sharp relief a revolver -- shine , black and ugly in the sunlight . reggie , unaware of she danger , continue to eat . the finger tighten around the trigger and finally the gun shoot -- a stream of water arc , with unerr aim , straight into reggie 's face . another angle include jean -louis , a french boy of six or so . reggie look at he sternly . jean-louis ( in for trouble ) oh , la . reggie do not tell I you do not know it be load . ( call ) sylvie ! wider angle sylvie gaudet , french , attractive , blonde , in she early thirty , come from the railing of the sun deck to join reggie and jean -louis . reggie be not there something constructive he can do -- like start a avalanche ? sylvie ( to jean - louis ) va jouer , mon ange . jean -louis scamper off , content to have get off so lightly . sylvie notice reggie 's lunch which consist of cold chicken , potato salad , roll and butter , wine and coffee . sylvie when you start to eat like this something be the matter . no answer from reggie . sylvie begin read a magazine as reggie continue eat . reggie sylvie -- I be get a divorce . sylvie Ça alor ! from Charles ? reggie he 's the only husband I have get . I try to make it work , I really have -- but -- sylvie but what ? reggie I do not know how to explain it . I be just too miserable . reggie pick up a chicken leg and start off . sylvie regards the devastate table before follow . sylvie it be infuriate that you unhappiness do not turn to fat ! int . swimming pool -- day a magnificent indoor , glass - enclose pool , the vista of snow - cover mountain see through the ceiling - high window beyond . reggie and sylvie be pass through , they conversation continue . sylvie but why do you want a divorce ? reggie because I do not love he . sylvie but that be no reason to get a divorce ! ext . HOTEL terrace -- day a open balcony run around two side of the pool , sun - worshipper lie in deck -chair . reggie and sylvie appear , they conversation continue . sylvie with a rich husband and this year 's clothes you will not find it difficult to make some new friend . reggie ( sit ) I admit I move to Paris because I be tired of american provincial , but that do not mean I be ready for french traditional . I loathe the idea of divorce , sylvie , but -- if only Charles have be honest with I -- that 's all I ask of anybody -- the simple truth . but with he , everything be secrecy and lie . he 's hide something -- something frightening -- something terrible -- and evil . she stop as she be aware of a weird figure hover over she . she wheel , terrify . close shot -- peruvian snow-mask a strange , grotesque knitted mask that completely cover the face except for eye , nose and mouth . the eye inside this particular mask stare down at reggie . man do this belong to you ? camera pan down to include jean - louis , he hand hold firmly by the man in the mask . wider angle include reggie , man , sylvie and jean - louis . reggie be too terrify to answer . realizing this , the man , peter joshua , take off the snow - mask to reveal a handsome , tan face . peter oh , forgive I . ( indicate jean-louis ) be this yours ? reggie ( indicate sylvie ) it 's hers . where would you find he , robbing a bank ? peter he be throw snowballs at Baron rothschild . ( a pause ) we do not know each other , do we ? reggie why , do you think we be go to ? peter I do not know -- how would I know ? reggie I be afraid I already know a great many people . until one of they die I could not possibly meet anyone else . peter ( smile ) yes , of course . but you will let I know if anyone go on the critical list ( he start off ) reggie quitter . peter ( turn ) how 's that ? reggie you give up awfully easy , do not you ? eyeing one , then the other , sylvie size up the situation and rise . sylvie vien , Jean-Louis , let we take a walk . I have never see a rothschild before . sylvie and jean - louis start off , but not before the boy squirt peter with he pistol . peter ( drying ) clever fellow -- almost miss I . reggie I be afraid you be block my view . peter ( move ) sorry . which view would you like ? reggie the one you be block . this be the last chance I have -- I be fly back to Paris this afternoon . what 's you name ? peter Peter joshua . reggie I be Regina lampert . peter be there a Mr. lampert ? reggie yes . peter good for you . reggie no , it be not . I be get a divorce . peter please , not on my account . reggie no , you see , I do not really love he . peter well , you be honest , anyway . reggie yes , I be -- I be compulsive about it -- dishonesty infuriate I . like when you go into a drugstore . peter I be not sure I -- reggie well , you go in and you ask for some toothpaste -- the small size -- and the man bring you the large size . you tell he you want the small size but he say the large size be the small size . I always think the large size be the large size , but he say that the family size , the economy size and the giant size be all larger than the large size -- that the large size be the smallest size there be . peter oh. I guess . reggie be there a Mrs. joshua ? peter yes , but we be divorced . reggie that be not a proposal -- I be just curious . peter be you husband with you ? reggie oh , Charles be hardly ever with I . first it be separate room -- now we be try it with city . what do people call you -- Pete ? peter Mr. joshua . ( turn to go ) well , I have enjoy talk with you . reggie now you be angry . peter no , I be not -- I have get some pack to do . I be also go back to Paris today . reggie oh. well , be not it Shakespeare who say : " when stranger do meet they should erelong see one another again " ? peter Shakespeare never say that . reggie how do you know ? peter it 's terrible -- you just make it up . reggie well , the idea 's right , anyway . be you go to call I ? peter be you in the book ? reggie Charles be . peter be there only one Charles lampert ? deleted close shot -- reggie her face clouding . reggie Lord , I hope so . ext . avenue foch -- lampert apartment house -- day the Arc de triomphe at the far end of the Avenue . camera pan to pick up a taxi as it pull up before the handsome building . Inside be reggie , sylvie and jean -louis . mo . shot -- taxi -- lampert apartment house as reggie climb out and the driver begin unload she suitcase . reggie Goodbye , sylvie , and thanks . ( she turn toward the house ) jean -louis stick he head out of the taxi window . jean -louis when you get you divorce will you be go back to America ? mo . shot -- the taxi reggie look at sylvie , surprised . sylvie he know everything . reggie ( to jean -louis ) do not you want I to stay ? jean -louis yes , of course -- but if you go back and write I a letter -- reggie -- you could have the stamp . I will get you some here , okay ? jean -louis okay . reggie walk toward the house with the driver , who carry she case . she press the button that electrically open the front door . deleted int . apartment landing -- day as the elevator rise reggie get out , follow by the driver . he put down the bag in front of the apartment door . reggie ( hand he a tip ) merci . the driver leave . she go to the door and press the minuterie , the button that turn on the time - light , and the light come on . then she ring the doorbell . there be no answer . she ring again . still nothing . sigh , she dig out she key and start to fit it into the lock . at this moment the minuterie expire , plunging the scene into darkness . reggie' voice wonderful . she find the button and the light go on again . she insert the key and turn it . int . lampert apartment -- entrance hall -- day close shot -- door as it open and reggie step into the close shot . she stop , she expression change . reverse shot from reggie 's p.o.v. as camera pan the entrance hall . it be bare -- no furniture , no rug , no picture , no nothing . mo . shot -- reggie she stare for a moment , then go back out into the landing . int . apartment landing -- day as reggie step back outside . she look at the nameplate beside the door . insert nameplate it read " mr . and mrs . charle lampert . " int . apartment landing -- day reggie look at the plate in disbelief , then turn and hurry back into the apartment . int . lampert apartment -- day as reggie hurry into the entrance hall . reggie honorine -- ! no answer . now , camera following , she go into the salon . it be also empty -- stripped bare . there be square of the wall 's original color where painting use to hang , the hook still in the wall . she rush now , go into the bedroom , camera following crazily , lurching and careen behind she . the bedroom , too , be empty . she go to the build - in wardrobe closet and throw open all the door . only some hanger remain . she pull open the drawer -- nothing ! reggie Charles -- ! she turn , and run now , go through another door to the library , camera following . the row of shelf be as empty as the rest of the apartment . she begin to turn in a circle , look for something , anything . in a panic she turn and run out , collide suddenly with a man whom she ( and we ) have not notice until the moment of impact . reggie scream . close shot -- inspector grandpierre a heavy - set man of no particular age with tobacco- color hair , and thick glass . grandpierre Madame Charles lampert ? wider angle include reggie , in a state of near-shock . reggie yes . grandpierre I be Inspector edouard grandpierre of the Police judiciaire . would you be so kind as to come with I , please ? int . morgue -- day we see a large metal drawer be open and a all - too - familiar shape outline under a damp sheet of muslin . another angle -- overhead look straight down at the top of reggie 's , grandpierre 's and a attendant 's head and smack into the open drawer . grandpierre lift a corner of the sheet at the bottom and reveal a bare foot with a ticket tie to its big toe . he stoops to read it . satisfied , he recover the foot , then move to the other end to uncover the head . as the sheet start to lift : reverse shot reggie as she look down into the camera . she close she eye for a moment , then look again . grandpierre's voice ( o.s. ) well , Madame -- ? she nod . grandpierre's voice ( o.s. ) you be positive ? she nod again . grandpierre move into the shot . grandpierre you love he ? reggie I be very cold . grandpierre nod as he turn to the unseen attendant . camera suddenly move as the ' drawer ' be sly back into the wall . blackness come with a loud clang and continue while the echo die . int . grandpierre's office -- day close shot -- desk drawer ( from above ) as it be pull open . a photograph of Charles lampert lie face up in the drawer . a hand reach in and pull it out . wider angle include grandpierre sit behind he desk , and reggie , sit across from he . the office be as bare as most policeman 's office . grandpierre study the photo . grandpierre we discover you husband 's body lie next to the track of the paris- bourdeaux railroad line . he be dress only in he pajamas . do you know of any reason why he might have wish to leave France ? reggie leave ? grandpierre you husband possess a ticket of passage on the ' maranguape . ' it sail from bordeaux for maracaibo this morning at seven . reggie ( a pause ) I be very confuse . she start to rummage through she bag . grandpierre shove a package of french cigarettes across the desk to she . but she pull a package of nut out of she bag . she begin separate the shell with she thumb nail and eat the nut , deposit the shell in the ashtray . grandpierre watch this for a instant . grandpierre he be american ? reggie swiss . grandpierre oh. swiss . his profession ? reggie he do not have one . grandpierre he be a wealthy man ? reggie I do not know . I suppose so . grandpierre about how wealthy would you say ? reggie I do not know . grandpierre where do he keep he money ? reggie I do not know . grandpierre besides yourself , who be he nearest relation ? reggie I do not know . grandpierre ( explode ) c'est absurde , Madame . to-tale - ment absurde ! reggie I know . ( pause ) I be sorry . grandpierre it be all right . grandpierre sigh , put down he pencil and push a button on the desk . he remove a cigar from he desk and insert it into he mouth . grandpierre be it all right ? reggie I wish you would not . he rip the cigar out of he mouth and slam it back into the drawer , close it fiercely . a uniformed policeman stick he head in the door . grandpierre Les effet de lampert . the policeman leave and close the door . grandpierre on Wednesday last you husband sell the entire content of the apartment at public auction . Furniture , clothing , kitchenware -- everything . the gallery , in comply with he wish , pay he in cash . one million two hundred and fifty thousand New francs . in dollar , a quarter of a million . the authority in bordeaux have searched he compartment on the train . they have searched it thoroughly . they do not find $ 250,000 , Madame . he open the desk drawer , put the cigar back in he mouth and light a match by scratch it against the glass desk - top before he remember reggie 's request . he put it back in the drawer again . the door open and the policeman enter again , this time carry a wicker basket which he deposit on grandpierre 's desk , and leave . grandpierre peer into the basket . grandpierre this few thing be all that be find in the train compartment . there be no other baggage . you husband must have be in a great hurry . he begin to take they out , place they on the desk , identify each item as he do . grandpierre one wallet contain four thousand francs -- one agenda -- ( pause , he open the notebook ) -- he last notation be make yesterday -- Thursday -- ( read ) " five p.m . -- jardin des champ - elysé " ( look up ) why there ? reggie I do not know . perhaps he meet somebody . grandpierre ( dryly ) obviously . ( return to the item in the basket ) one ticket of passage to South America -- one letter , stamp but unseal , address to you -- reggie ( lighting up ) a letter ? May I see it ? grandpierre hand she the letter and watch she closely as she read it . reggie ( read ) " my dear Regina : I hope you be enjoy you holiday . megeve can be so lovely this time of year . the day pass very slowly and I hope to see you soon . as always , Charles . p.s. you dentist call yesterday . you appointment have be change . " ( she look up , puzzle ) not very much , be it ? grandpierre we take the liberty of call you dentist -- we think , perhaps , we would learn something . reggie do you ? grandpierre yes . you appointment have be change . ( he smile at he little joke , then return to the basket ) one key to you apartment -- one comb -- one fountain pen -- one toothbrush -- one tin of tooth powder ( he look up ) -- that be all . he slide a sheet of paper and pen across to she , then start to put the thing back into the basket while he speak : grandpierre if you will sign this list you may take the thing with you . reggie ( sighing ) be that all ? can I go now ? grandpierre one more question . be this you husband 's passport ? he reach into the desk drawer and pull out a passport which he hand to she . insert -- passport the cover indicate that it be swiss . reggie 's hand open it to a picture of a man -- the man we see in grandpierre 's photo . under it be the name : " charle lampert . " mo . shot -- reggie and grandpierre reggie of course it be . grandpierre and this ? he hand she another passport . insert -- second passport the cover be american . when it be open , we see the identical picture , but the name under it read : " charle voss . " mo . shot -- reggie and grandpierre reggie I do not understand . grandpierre and this ? and this ? he hand she , one at a time , two more passport . insert -- third and FOURTH passport one be italian which , when open , show the same photo with the name " carlo fabri . " the other be venezuelan , the same photo , and the name " carlo moreno . " mo . shot -- reggie and grandpierre grandpierre have you nothing to say , Madame ? reggie look down at the four passport , then back to grandpierre . reggie ( hopefully ) it 's all right if you want to smoke you cigar now . int . lampert apartment -- dusk the house be empty as before . now it be silent , the late afternoon light come from outside . reggie stand by a window . a canvas airline bag rest on the floor nearby . suddenly there be the noise of a door open . closer shot -- reggie as she head turn , in alarm , toward the noise . there be a moment of silence , then footstep be hear , come closer . another angle as peter enter . reggie ( surprised ) what be you do here ? peter I phone but nobody answer . I want to tell you how sorry I be -- and to find out if there be anything I could do . reggie how do you find out ? peter it 's in all the afternoon papers . I be very sorry . reggie thank you . a silence . peter I ring the bell but I do not think it 's work . reggie yes it be -- I hear it this morning . he look around for the light switch , then go to it and flick it on -- nothing happen . he flick it a few more time . reggie they must have turn off the electricity . she shake she head . peter look around . peter where do everything go ? reggie Charles sell it all -- at auction . peter do you know what you be go to do ? reggie try and get my old job back at UNESCO , I suppose . peter do what ? reggie I be a simultaneous translator -- like sylvie , only she 's English to french -- I be french to English . that 's what I do before I marry Charles . the police probably think I kill he . peter instant divorce you mean ? reggie something like that . but I be sorry it end like this -- toss off a train like a sack of third - class mail . peter ( take she hand ) come on . you can not stay here . reggie I do not know where to go . peter we will find you a hotel . reggie not too expensive -- I be not a lady of leisure anymore . peter something modest but clean -- and near enough to UNESCO so you can take a cab when it rain -- okay ? she nod . he pick up the airline bag and they start out . reggie stop at the door and look back . reggie I love this room -- but Charles never see it -- only what be in it . all that exquisite thing -- ( look around ) I think I prefer it like this . int . funeral chapel -- day close shot of a phonograph . a hand appear , start the record on it spin , then place the arm at the beginning . a instant later organ music start with a roar . int . funeral chapel -- day close shot of the coffin . it rest on a low platform , with a bouquet or two of flower near the head , the lid open . Inside , the face make up to look lifelike ( but fail ) , lie the remnant of Charles lampert . close shot -- grandpierre the inspector sit quietly , eye downcast , stare at he hand in a prayer - like attitude . camera pull back , revealing row after row of empty wooden bench - like seat in the large , dimly - light , high - ceiling room . finally , in the first row , reggie and sylvie be discover . besides grandpierre , they be the only one present . reggie turn around to look at the empty room . they speak in whisper . reggie it 's not exactly what I would call a large turn - out . sylvie do not Charles have any friend ? reggie do not ask I -- I be only the widow . ( indicate grandpierre ) if Charles have die in bed we would not even have he . sylvie at least he know how to behave at funeral . close shot -- grandpierre his eye still lower . camera pan down to feature he hand -- he be methodically trimming he nail with a small clipper . two shot -- sylvie and reggie sylvie have you no idea who could have do it ? reggie until two day ago all I really know about Charles be he name -- now it turn out I do not even know that . the front door of the Chapel be hear open and a shaft of daylight stream in . the women turn . mo . shot -- chapel door the short , heavy - set figure of a man be outline against the bright outdoor light . he stand for a moment , then close the door after he . leopold gideon , short -sighted , bald , in he middle forty , glance around nervously , like a barnyard bird . then he walk down one of the side aisle of the Chapel . close shot -- grandpierre as he watch gideon . close shot -- reggie as she watch he . mo . shot -- the bier gideon arrive at the coffin . he stop , look down at lampert 's body for a moment . then , suddenly , in rapid succession , he sneeze six time . he take a small bottle from he pocket , shake a pill from it and swallow it dry . he turn and walk back up the aisle , look for a place to sit . he come face to face with grandpierre , stop , turn to sit somewhere else . two shot -- reggie and sylvie sylvie do you know he ? reggie I have never see he before . sylvie he must have know Charles pretty well . reggie how can you tell ? sylvie he 's allergic to he . sylvie turn and glance at gideon . again , the sound of the door open interrupt they . they turn to look . mo . shot -- chapel door again the figure of a man be outline in silhouette against the outside brightness . when he close the door we can see " tex " penthollow , a slim , rangy man with sandy - color hair , a weatherbeaten face , wash - out blue -eye -- also in he forty . he wear a velvet - corduroy suit , string tie and a bright yellow flower in he lapel . a bulldurham tag hang from he outside breast pocket , dangle from its string . he start down the aisle toward the bier , camera leading he , and we notice he unsteady gait . he turn to look at the other present . traveling shot -- tex be p.o.v. moving down the aisle . grandpierre 's face , then gideon 's , then reggie 's and sylvie 's -- all stare at camera . mo . shot -- the bier as tex arrive . he stand stare at lampert 's body , sway on he foot until he reach out and grab the side of the coffin to steady himself . then he take the flower from he lapel and throw it into the open box . close shot -- tex tex ( heavy Texas accent ) ariva durchy , Charlie . wider angle as tex turn away from the coffin and approach reggie and sylvie , address the latter -- after have first reach for he hat which he discover he be not wear . tex miz lampert , mar 'am ... sylvie point to reggie . unruffle , tex start over . address reggie this time . tex miz lampert , mar 'am ... reggie yes ? tex Charlie have no call to handle it this - a- way . he sure do not . no siree . reggie I do not understa -- but tex have nodd he head and move off to find a seat . when he spot gideon , the two man stare at each other . finally , tex choose a seat away from he and sit . mo . shot -- chapel door it fly open , this time with a bang , and the large man who appear almost fill the frame . closer shot -- tex as the loud noise awaken he with a snort , mid-snore . mo . shot -- the door close the door , we see herman scobie , a heavy - weight -- tall and wide , but not fat -- with black hair comb straight back and heavy bushy eyebrow of a match color , which meet over he nose and join up . about the same age as the first two man , scobie be dress in a batter raincoat , he hand thrust deep in the pocket . he march down the aisle . look straight ahead , camera panning with he . he stop before the coffin and stare into it . close shot -- scobie as he stare down into the coffin , he tongue try to dislodge a bit of food catch in he tooth . he stare hard at the body , squinting he eye . then he remove one hand from he pocket , remove a pin from the inside of he lapel , pick he tooth with it , then slowly let the hand down , into the coffin . close shot -- scobie' hand the pin hold between thumb and forefinger , he jab it slowly but positively deep into the back of one of the dead man 's hand . there be no reaction . close shot -- scobie he watch the dead man carefully , still squinting . then finally satisfied , he return the pin to he lapel and walk back up the aisle and out of the door , slamm it after he . close shot -- reggie have watch scobie exit . suddenly a hand fall on she shoulder . she jump in alarm and utter a little cry of fright . another angle feature a funeral attendant , a cadaverous type ( be not they all ) with a black cut - away coat and a over- solicitous , unctuous manner . he be eternally bent at the waist , in a sort of half bow . he offer reggie a letter which she take . reggie merci , monsieur . attendant pas du tout , madame , pardon -- pardon -- pardon . he back off and be go . reggie look at the letter , back and front , then start to open it . sylvie who be it from ? reggie the american embassy . she pull out the letter and start to read it . insert -- the letter it bear the great seal as a letterhead and the type message read : " dear Mrs. lampert : please drop by my office tomorrow at noon-thirty . I be anxious to discuss the matter of you late husband 's death . sincerely , ( sign ) H. bartholomew . " two shot -- reggie and sylvie sylvie have be read over reggie 's shoulder . sylvie what be it about ? reggie I do not know . but if this be a sample of american diplomacy I be buy a fallout shelter . ext . the american embassy -- establishing -- day the fine old building in the rue Gabriel . deleted int . embassy corridor -- day as reggie leave the elevator two young diplomatic type step in , immerse in conversation . 1st diplomatic type I bluff the Old man out of the last pot -- with a pair of deuce . 2 nd diplomatic type what 's so depress about that ? 1st diplomatic type if I can do it , what be the Russians do to he ? the elevator door close on they . reggie react to this and start down the hall , finally stop at the door . mo . shot -- door it be mark " 307 -a H. bartholomew . " reggie check the letter , then open the door . int . bartholomew's outer office -- day the office be empty , the typewriter on the secretary 's desk be cover with its plastic shroud . reggie enter , look for somebody , notice that the door to the private office be slightly ajar . reggie ( tentatively ) hello -- ? ( there be no answer ) hello ? bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) ( from the private office ) be there anything wrong , miss tompkin ? reggie uh -- miss tompkin be not here . bartholomew come to the door and look in . he be a pale grey-haire man who look , on first examination , older than he forty - odd year . sickly would be the word that describe he best -- pallid , consumptive - look . he wear heavy tortoise - frame glass which fall down he nose and cause he to push they back in place every so often with a quick automatic motion . bartholomew I be sorry -- my secretary must have go to lunch . you be -- ? reggie Mrs. lampert -- Mrs. Charles lampert . bartholomew ( look at he watch ) come in , Mrs. lampert . you be quite late . he motion for she to enter , stand aside to let she do so . int . bartholomew's private office -- day a small cubicle -- there be a silver - frame photo of three kid on the desk . bartholomew indicate a chair , then go behind he desk and sit . a can of lighter fluid stand open on the desk and a crumpled hankie beside it . bartholomew Excuse I for a moment , Mrs. lampert -- it 's a stubborn little devil . he work at a stain on he necktie with lighter fluid and hankie . bartholomew dry-cleaningwise , thing be all foule up . I have a good man -- a excellent man on the rue ponthieu , but h.q. ask we to use the plant here in the building -- to ease the gold outflow . reggie Mr. bartholomew -- be you sure you know who I be ? bartholomew ( look up ) Charles lampert 's widow -- yes ? ( go back to the tie ) last time I send out a tie only the spot come back . he look up at she , laugh silently , then go back to he tie . bartholomew voilà ! as they say . he put away the lighter fluid in a desk drawer , smell the hankie , pass on it , then stick it in he pocket . he open another drawer and pull out various sandwich wrap in waxpaper , a salt and pepper shaker , a tube of mustard , a bottle of red wine and two Dixie cup . bartholomew have some , please . I have get ... ( check ) ... liverwurst -- liverwurst -- chicken and -- liverwurst . reggie no thanks . he uncork the wine , fill a cup and begin eat . bartholomew do you know what c.i.a. be , Mrs. lampert ? reggie I do not suppose it 's a airline , be it ? bartholomew Central Intelligence Agency -- c.i.a . reggie you mean spy and thing like that ? bartholomew only we call they agent . reggie we ? you mean you be --? bartholomew someone have to do it , Mrs. lampert -- reggie I be sorry , it 's just that I do not think that you people be suppose to admit -- bartholomew I be not a agent , Mrs. lampert -- I be a administrator -- a desk jockey -- try to run a bureau of overworked man with under- allocate fund . Congress seem to think that all a spy need -- reggie agent . bartholomew yes -- that all he need be a code book and a cyanide pill and he 's in business . reggie what 's all this get to do with I , Mr. bartholomew ? bartholomew ( he mouth full ) you husband be want by the U. S. government . reggie May I have a sandwich , please ? he hand she a sandwich and fill a wine - cup for she . bartholomew to be more specific , he be want by this agency . reggie ( eat ) so that be it . bartholomew yes . we know he , of course , by he real name . reggie ( almost choke ) his -- real -- ? bartholomew voss -- Charles voss . all right , Mrs. voss -- ( take a photo from he desk ) -- I would like you to look at this photograph , please -- by the way , you see this one , do not you ? ( indicate the kid on the desk ) Scott , Cathy , and Ham , Jr . reggie very sweet . bartholomew be not they ? now look at this one , Mrs. voss , and -- reggie stop call I that ! lampert 's the name on the marriage license . bartholomew yes -- and tell I if you recognize anyone . just a moment . have a good look . he reach back into the drawer and pull out a glass which he give she . close shot -- photo four men , all in army uniform , sit behind a table . the glass be hold over the first , magnify the face . closer shot -- photo it 's a photo of a young charle lampert . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) it 's Charles ! bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) very good . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) he look so young -- when be this take ? bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) 1944 . the next face , please . the glass and camera move to the next man -- a young tex . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) it 's the man who come to the funeral yesterday -- I be sure of it -- a tall man in a corduroy suit and string tie . bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) do the name tex penthollow mean anything to you ? reggie' voice ( o.s. ) no. bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) next , please . the glass and camera move to the third face -- a young gideon . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) yes -- and he be there , too -- a little fatter now -- and less hair -- but it 's the same one . bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) do you know he , Mrs. Vo -- Mrs. lampert ? Leopold W. gideon ? reggie' voice ( o.s. ) no. bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) the last one , please . the glass and camera move to the fourth face -- a young scobie . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) that 's a face you do not forget -- he be there too -- bartholomew's voice ( o.s. ) herman scobie . and you have never see he before , either ? reggie' voice ( o.s. ) no , thank heaven . mo . shot -- reggie and bartholomew bartholomew ( a pause , regard she ) Mrs. lampert , I be afraid you be in a great deal of danger . reggie danger ? why should I be in any danger ? bartholomew you be Charles voss 's wife -- now that he 's dead you be they only lead . reggie Mr. bartholomew -- if you be try to frighten I you be do a really first - rate job ! ( she take another sandwich ) bartholomew please , do what we ask , Mrs. lampert -- it 's you only chance . reggie gladly , only I do not know what you want ! you have not tell I . bartholomew oh , have not I ? the money -- Mrs. lampert -- the money . the $ 250,000 Charles voss receive from the auction . that three man want it , too -- they want it very badly . reggie but it 's Charles 's money , not theirs . bartholomew ( laugh ) oh , Mrs. lampert ! I would love to see you try and convince they of that ! ( drying he eye ) oh , dear . reggie then whose be it ? his or theirs ? bartholomew our . reggie ( she look at he for a moment ) oh , I see . bartholomew and I be afraid we want it back . reggie but I do not have it . bartholomew that 's impossible . you be the only one who could have it . reggie I be sorry it 's impossible . it 's the truth . bartholomew be silent for a moment , think . bartholomew I believe you . reggie thanks very much . bartholomew oh , you have get the money all right -- you just do not know you have get it . reggie Mr. bartholomew -- if I have a quarter of a million dollar , believe I , I would know it . bartholomew nevertheless , Mrs lampert -- you have get it . reggie you mean it 's just lie around someplace -- all that cash ? bartholomew or a safe deposit key , a certified check , a baggage claim -- you look for it , Mrs. lampert -- I be quite sure you will find it . reggie but -- bartholomew look for it , Mrs. lampert -- look just as hard and as fast as you can . you may not have a great deal of time . that man know you have it just as surely as we do . you will not be safe until the money 's in we hand . be that clear ? reggie nod . he write something on a pad of paper and tear it off , hand it to she . bartholomew here 's where you be to call I -- day or night . it 's a direct line to both my office and my apartment . do not lose it , Mrs. lampert -- and please do not tell anyone about come to see I . it could prove fatal for they as well as yourself . reggie wait a minute -- you think that three man kill Charles , do not you ? bartholomew we have no proof , of course , but we rather think so , yes . reggie well , there you be ! Charles have the money with he -- so whoever kill he have it -- they have it ! bartholomew shake he head . reggie why not ? bartholomew ( grimly ) because they be still here . reggie oh . bartholomew like I say , Mrs lampert -- I be afraid you be in a great deal of danger . remember what happen to Charles . reggie take the last sandwich and begin eat furiously . deleted ext . esplanade des champ -ely -- day mo . shot -- guignol . one of the french punch and Judy show set up on certain day in the small park alongside the broad avenue between the Rond Point and the place de la concorde . at the moment , Judy , as always , be beat punch with a bat . the sound of child laugh and scream can be hear . various close shot -- the child sitting on small bench line up to face the stage . they attention be fix on the show , they belief totally suspend by the play as only child 's can be -- laugh at the slapstick , boo the villain , frighten by the peril . mo . shot -- reggie sitting on the last bench , next to some child . they be laugh but she be not -- she just watch , she attention catch up but she face void of emotion . the bench be too low for she , force she knee up almost under she chin . after a moment , peter come up behind she and , step over the bench , sit beside she . she do not seem to notice . [ throughout the follow scene the child and the actor can be hear in the b.g . ] peter Reggie -- ? she turn and look at he for a moment . reggie ( vaguely ) hallo , Peter . peter you telephone I to meet you . I have be stand on the corner back there -- wait for you . reggie I be sorry -- I hear the child laugh . a roar from the child . reggie and peter turn toward the stage . mo . shot -- guignol punch and judy be argue loudly . two shot -- reggie and peter peter what 's go on ? reggie do not you understand french ? peter I be still have trouble with English . reggie the man and the woman be marry -- close shot -- guignol stage punch and judy be bat each other on the head . peter' voice ( o.s. ) yes , I can see that -- they be bat each other over the head with club . finally , judy knock punch out of sight and a puppet wear a three - cornere hat appear . peter' voice ( o.s. ) who 's that with the hat ? mo shot -- grandpierre wearing a hat , he stand off in the background , watch . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) that 's the policeman -- he want to arrest Judy for kill punch . close shot -- guignol stage judy and the policeman be bat one another . peter' voice ( o.s. ) what 's she say now ? reggie' voice ( o.s. ) that she 's innocent -- she do not do it . peter' voice ( o.s. ) she do it , all right -- take it from I . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) I believe she . punch 's head appear on the other side of the stage , say something , then duck out . peter' voice ( o.s. ) who be that ? reggie' voice ( o.s. ) punch , of course . two shot -- reggie and peter peter of course ? I think he be dead . reggie he 's only pretend , to teach she a lesson -- only -- ( she face clouding ) only he be dead , Peter -- I see he -- he 's not pretend . somebody throw he off a train . what be I go to do ? Charles be mix up in something terrible . peter I wish you would let I help you . whatever it be , it do not sound like the sort of thing that a woman can handle all by herself . close shot -- guignol stage judy have get the upper hand be now bat the policeman 's brain out . close shot -- grandpierre as he wince . two shot -- reggie and peter peter have you get a mirror ? ( she nod ) give it to I . she hand it to he and he hold it in front of she face . peter right there , between you eye -- see ? worry line . you be much too young and too pretty to have anything like that . how about make I vice - president in charge of cheer you up ? reggie ( jump at the suggest ) start tonight ? int . nightclub -- night mo . shot -- emcee . he stand on the dance floor in front of a five piece Latin dance band , a spotlight on he , wear he professional smile as he speak into a mike . emcee bonsoir mesdame et messieur , good evening lady and gentleman , gute abend , meine damen und herren -- ce soir , comme tous les soir , l'attraction ici , au Black sheep Club , c'est vous ! venez , mesdame et messieur , step right up , lady and gentleman , kommen sie she , meine damen en herren , avanti , signore e signori -- avanti ! mo . shot -- reggie and peter at they table . reggie be dress in a lovely givenchy dress . peter what be all that ? reggie fun and game . evidently we be the floorshow . peter you mean you and I ? reggie no , everyone . come on -- avanti , avanti ! she rise and pull he along . wide angle include the dance floor as most of the patron go to it , laugh self - consciously and look around . emcee Écoutez bien -- les règles sont tre simple -- the rule be very easy -- deux équipe -- two team -- each with one orange -- une orange -- eine apfelsine -- un ' arrancia -- hold under the chin , like so -- ( do it ) comme ça -- and pass to the player behind you -- san vous servir de vos main -- use nothing but the chin -- no hand -- and keep the orange at all cost from touch the floor . commencez , mesdame et messieur -- begin , lady and gentleman -- signore e signori , comminciate ! the emcee now circulate , form team , tell the patron to line up , make sure there be a woman next to every man . reggie and peter be the second couple in they line . then the emcee pick up a basket of orange and place one under the chin , hold securely against the chest , of each man at the head of the line . blow a whistle , a signal for the game to begin and the band to play , the man turn to the woman behind they and attempt to transfer the orange from under they chin to under the chin of the woman -- without use they hand . ( this maneuver can only be accomplish by embrace one 's partner passionately and firmly press the orange against the partner 's throat until he or she can grip it tightly enough with the chin to turn and offer it to the person next in line , where the process begin anew . however , the slight miscalculation , which can be bring about by any number of human frailty -- haste , modesty , inhibition or lack of co - ordination -- will surely result in lose control of the orange so that it either fall to the floor [ where it can only be pick up by the chin ] or it start to roll and slide from its proper place to some other , less proper , spot on the human anatomy , force the man or the woman to retrieve it -- again , with the chin only . this latter be a activity which can prove extremely satisfy to old friend , or even new friend who wish to become old friend , but can only be a torment for total stranger and / or the English ) . various shot -- orange game some of the couple in various state of confusion , entanglement and intimacy -- all of they , naturally , hilarious . two shot -- peter and girl it be he turn to take the orange from a very short , but quite shapely young girl in a strapless dress ( hold up by a abundance of cantilever ) . peter ' take ' when he see the twin obstacle which might -- and probably will -- encumber the game but increase he worldly experience . the contest begin : because of she stature he be force to move in low , make the ordinary embrace need for success difficult , if not impossible . then , inexorably , the orange start to slip down the girl 's front . manfully he go after it . close shot -- reggie she be enjoy it thoroughly . two shot -- peter and girl bend over backwards , in a sort of frontal half - nelson , peter make a last valiant effort and voilà , grip the orange under he chin -- amid much cheer and congratulation from member of he team . now he turn to reggie and they face one another for a moment . peter en garde . reggie Lay on , macduff . they go at it , work they body together to make it all possible . then , for a moment , the game and the onlooker seem less important than they proximity . but , ala , they be too good despite themselves and the transfer be accomplish -- again with appreciative cheer from the team . reggie , with the orange now tuck firmly under she chin , turn to the next team - member in line and be lock in a embrace before she realize she partner be leopold gideon , the short , fat , bald man see at the funeral and later in bartholomew 's photo . reggie start to draw back but gideon hold she tightly . put he chin around the orange he be able to speak quietly in reggie 's ear . close two shot -- reggie and gideon her eye show she fright as he whisper : gideon Mrs. lampert -- reggie what do you want ? gideon do not Charles tell you , Mrs. lampert ? reggie tell I what ? gideon it do not belong to you , Mrs. lampert -- you do know that , do not you ? reggie I do not know anything . gideon Mrs. lampert , any morning now you could wake up dead . reggie leave I alone -- ! gideon Dead , Mrs. lampert -- like last week 's news -- like Charles , Mrs. lampert -- reggie ( shout ) stop it ! close shot -- reggie' and gideone feet as reggie haul off and kick gideon full in the shin . close shot -- gideon he stiffen as the pain register . instead of shouting he merely close he eye . wider angle include reggie and gideon and peter stand by , as well as some spectator . peter come quickly forward . peter Reggie -- what 's the trouble ? reggie realize that gideon no longer offer any resistance . she step back , leave gideon hold the orange , foolishly , under he chin , he eye still close . reggie stare at he for a moment . reggie he -- he be step on my foot . close shot -- gideon slowly , he eye open and tear stream from they , roll down he cheek . he speak while hold the orange . gideon forgive I -- it be quite unintentional , I be sure . wider angle gideon turn to the woman behind he and the game resume . reggie ( start off ) wait for I -- I will not be long . she go off toward the rear of the club and start down a flight of stair . close shot -- peter watch she go , a concerned look on he face . int . nightclub lounge -- night a small , dimly light area with a door to the combination I n's - woman 's room and a ' phone cabin with a solid door . the music and shouting from upstairs float down . reggie come down the stair and go to the ' phone , flick on the light and close the door after she . int . phone booth -- night reggie take a jeton ( ' phone token ) from she bag and drop it in the slot . then she take out a slip of paper ( the one give she by bartholomew ) and dial the number write on it . she listen to it ring , then evidently he answer . reggie ( into ' phone ) Mr. bartholomew -- it 's I , Reggie lampert -- listen Mr. bartholomew : I have see one of the ( she stop ) Mr. bartholomew ? can you hear I ? she realize she have not push the button which take she coin and allow the party at the other end to hear she voice . reggie hello -- Mr. bartholomew -- it 's I , Regina Lam ... suddenly the door of the booth open and reggie wheel to look , slamm the receiver down as she do . reverse shot -- ' phone booth -- night tex penthollow , the second man from the funeral ( and photo ) , the man in the corduroy suit and string tie , stand in the doorway , he face calm , a hand - roll but unlit cigarette in he mouth . he have put one foot up against the side of the door so she can not leave . reggie stare at he , terrify . tex howdy , miz lampert . reggie wha -- what do you want ? tex take a book of match from he pocket . tex you know what I want , miz lampert ... reggie no -- no , I be do not . tex come on now -- sure you do . a ' you would better give it to I , miz lampert -- cuz I be not foolin' . no sireebob ! he strike a match and light he cigarette , hold the burn match in he hand afterward . reggie I do not know what -- tex , without a word , throw the still - light match into the booth , onto reggie 's lap . she beat it out frantically . reggie what be you do ? tex light another match and throw it into she lap . she beat this one out too . reggie stop that ! tex do not make too much noise , miz lampert -- he light another match and reach out toward she hair with it . she shrink back . tex it could get a whole lot worse . then he throw it into she lap . as he continue to speak he punctuate each phrase or so with another light match . reggie be too busy beat they out to do anything else . tex it belong to I , miz lampert -- a ' if you do not give it to I you life be not gonna be worth the paper it 's print on . you savvy what I be sayin ' , miz lampert ? reggie please stop -- please ! tex you think on it real careful - like , miz lampert -- y'hear ? close shot -- reggie as she frantically beat out the match , she eye on she work . reggie you be insane , absolutely insane ! she look up , then blink she eye . int . ' phone booth over reggie' shoulder there be no one there . reggie rise and step out of the booth . int . nightclub lounge -- night as reggie look around . there be no one there . int . phone booth as reggie return , sit and start to put another jeton into the slot . she notice she hand be shaking . she reach back into she bag , remove a piece of candy , put it into she mouth and lean she head back against the wall , close she eye . suddenly the door open and reggie shriek -- but this time it be peter . peter what be you do in here ? reggie ( a sigh of relief ) have a nervous breakdown . int . HOTEL lobby -- night reggie and peter enter the desert lobby . peter you have not say a word since we leave the club -- what happen back there ? reggie I -- I be not sure if I be suppose to tell you or not . peter I do not think I follow you . reggie he say if I tell anybody it could prove fatal for they as well as I . peter who say ? reggie that 's what I be not suppose to say . peter stop this nonsense ! if you be in some sort of trouble I want to know about it . reggie stop bully I . everybody 's bully I . peter I be not -- reggie yes , you be -- you call it nonsense . be murder in cold blood be not nonsense . wait until it happen to you sometime . she go to the desk , follow by peter , where the night clerk greet they sleepily . night clerk bonsoir . reggie bonsoir . quarante - deux , s'il vous plait . the night clerk get the key off a hook and hand it to reggie . night clerk bonne nuit . reggie ( to peter ) would you mind see I to the door ? peter of course not . they go to the elevator where he open the door for she . int . elevator -- night as reggie and peter enter the small cage . it be somewhat cramped , force they to stand close together . reggie this be quite a place for make friend , be not it ? he press the button and the elevator start to rise . peter you say this afternoon that you husband be mix up in something . reggie ( busy examine the cleft in he chin ) how do you shave in there ? peter what be it ? reggie what be what ? peter what you husband be mix up in . reggie look , I know it 's ask you to stretch you imagination , but can not you pretend for a moment that I be a woman and that you be a -- peter do not you know I could already be arrest for transport a minor above the first floor ? the elevator stop . peter we be here . reggie where ? peter on the street where you live . reggie how about once more around the park ? he reach across she and open the door . peter out . int . HOTEL corridor third landing -- night as reggie leave the elevator , follow by peter . they walk to she door . there be a moment of silence as she look at he . reggie ( imitate peter ) him : ' do you mind if I come in for a nightcap , Reggie ? ' her : ' well -- it be awfully late . ' him : ' just one , all right ? ' her : ' promise you will behave yourself . ' him : ' sorry , baby , I never make promise I can not keep . ' peter how would you like a spanking ? reggie how would you like a punch in the nose ? stop treat I like a child . peter then stop act like one . if you be really in some kind of trouble , I would like to hear about it . otherwise , it 's late , I be tired and I be go home to bed . reggie do you know what 's wrong with you ? peter what ? reggie nothing . good night . peter good night . he turn and leave . she smile slightly , then turn and put the key into the door and open it . int . reggie' room -- night feature the door . reggie enter , then stop abruptly , the doorknob still in she hand . another angle the room have be tear apart . and stand in the center be herman scobie , the large man in the batter raincoat . he start slowly advance toward reggie . scobie where be it , lady -- where have you get it ? close shot -- reggie reggie ( terrify ) I do not know -- I do not know ! I do not -- she stop as she see something . close shot -- scobie' hand instead of a human hand there be a twin-pronged metal one . wider angle scobie see where reggie be stare ; look down at it himself , then lunge at she , raise the hand to strike . scobie I want it -- give it to I -- it 's mine ! the hand be start to come down . reggie , move quickly , turn and fly out . reggie ( scream ) Peter -- ! Peter -- ! int . HOTEL corridor third landing -- night as reggie run out , slamm the door after she , the metal hand crash against the wooden panel inside the door and splinter through it , visible on this side now . petrify with fear , reggie can only stare dumbly at the protrude claw . another angle as peter come run up to she . he see the metal hand . reggie a man -- he try to kill I ! pull she aside , peter take hold of the key ( still in the outside lock ) and turn it slowly and quietly . then , use all he weight , he slam the door open as far as it will go , make sure to hold it that way as he step in . int . reggie' room -- night Inside , peter pull back the door and slug the startle scobie full on the jaw . his head bang against the wall but he manage to raise a foot and push peter violently away , send he sprawling back , toppling across the bed and over , head first , onto the floor on the other side , where he disappear . hurrying , scobie put he foot against the door and push it away , rip he metal hand free . he then rush to the open window and climb out . int . HOTEL corridor third landing -- night reggie wait anxiously . when she hear nothing , she gingerly look into the room . int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( enter cautiously ) Peter -- ? ( alarmed ) Peter ! where be you ? another angle show the disarranged room , empty of people . then , slowly peter 's hand appear from behind the bed , shaking groggily . reggie rush to he and help he sit on the bed . reggie Peter -- be you all right ? peter I think I sprain my pride . ( he look around ) where would he go ? reggie out of the window , I guess -- I do not see he . peter go , unsteady on he foot , to the window and look out . he then turn back . peter lock the door and the window -- and do not let anyone in except I . I will be back in a minute . reggie be careful , Peter . peter ( one leg over the sill ) you take the word right out of my mouth . he climb out . ext . HOTEL window third floor -- night outside the window to reggie 's room be a small , false balcony , consist mostly of railing , with barely enough room between it and the building 's facade for a man to stand . peter appear and look down over the railing . ext . HOTEL sidewalk ( from above ) -- night shoot straight down ; there be no one on the street and it be too far to jump . mo . shot -- peter -- balcony he now look around . reggie 's be the last such balcony on one side , but there be two or three on the other . peter climb over the railing and , hold on to it with one hand , reach for the railing on the next balcony . close shot -- peter' hand as it stretch for the railing ; it be several inch short of touch it . mo . shot -- peter as he straighten up and prepare to jump . ext . HOTEL facade -- night from the ground . peter , high above , jump to the next balcony . mo . shot -- peter as he climb over the railing of the second balcony . he see a light come through the window and look in . woman' voice ( o.s. ) oh ! peter leave the window quickly , climb over the railing on he way to the next balcony . as he do , the follow exchange be hear ( in british English ) . man' voice ( o.s. ) what be it now , pamela ? woman' voice ( o.s. ) it happen again , Henry -- another strange man peer in the window at I and then go away . man' voice ( o.s. ) bad luck , pamela . ext . HOTEL facade -- night from the ground as peter jump to the next balcony . mo . shot -- peter as he climb over the rail to the third balcony . there be a light come from this window , too . peter look in . mo . shot -- window -- over peter' shoulder Inside the room be gideon , tex , and scobie in the midst of a heat discussion . gideon that be a dumb move , herman -- a dumb move . tex and then some . if you would only tell we you be goin ' to she room we could have keep them busy -- int . gideone HOTEL room -- night tex -- but sneakin ' in there on you own that - a- way , why , man , you be bound to get yore tokus kick . I mean , what would you think he would do -- walk up and ' shake you by that hand o' yore ? peter' voice ( o.s. ) that 's right , herman -- you do not leave I much choice . they all turn toward the window . wider angle as peter climb in through the window and join they . peter ( to scobie ) I do not hurt you , do I ? scobie shake he head and turn away . gideon ( eagerly ) never mind that -- do you get the money ? peter how could I with the three marx Brothers breathe down my neck ? you say you would let I handle it alone -- ! the girl trust I . if she 's get it , I will find out about it . but you have get to leave I alone . scobie ( to gideon and tex ) we take all the chance . the money belong to we , not he ! tex do not be un - neighborly - like , herman -- do not forget he do we a little ol ' favor . scobie yeah ? what 's that ? tex he take care of Charlie for we . gideon ( to peter ) we appreciate it , really we do . scobie but who ask he ? Three share be enough -- I would say he 's out ! peter a third of nothing be nothing , herman . make up you mind -- she 's wait for I . gideon ( thoughtfully ) I do not see how another twenty - four hour could hurt . tex shoot no , not after all this year . scobie then he get it out of you share , not mine ! not mine ! scobie turn and storm out of the door , slamm it . gideon begin sneezing , take a bottle of pill from he pocket and swallow two white tablet . gideon I suggest you get about you business -- nothing soothes herman like success . tex ( chuckle ) that 's right -- it 's like ticklin ' a alligator 's belly . peter who 's get the room next to hers ? tex me. how come ? peter get another one , will you ? I be go to need it . peter start for the door . tex if you do find the money -- you will not forget t' tell we about it , will you , fella ? peter ( turn at the door ) do not worry . tex oh , I be not worryin ' -- but see this pudgy little fella here ? ( indicate gideon ) he worry -- a ' he 's even meaner and I be . int . reggie' room -- night as she wait anxiously , smoking a cigarette . there be a knock at the door . reggie who be it ? peter' voice ( o.s. ) it 's I . Peter . reggie unlock the door and open it . peter enter and she close the door again -- peter there be no trace of he . all right , Reggie -- suppose you tell I what this be all about . reggie there be three man -- he 's one of they -- they think I have something that belong to they . peter what ? reggie a quarter of a million dollar . peter be silent for a moment . peter go on . reggie that 's all . peter no , it be not -- where 's the money ? reggie I do not know . that man kill Charles to get it . but he must not have have it with he on the train . peter so they think he leave it with you . reggie but he do not ! I have look everywhere -- ( tear welling ) and if I do not find it -- ( wail ) that man go to kill I . she fall in he arm to be comfort . peter no , they will not -- I will not let they . reggie ( sobbing ) please help I , Peter -- you be the only one I can trust . peter of course I will help -- I tell you I would , do not I ? come on now -- he take out he handkerchief and dry she eye . reggie I be so hungry I could faint . ( try to smile ) I have -- I have get you suit all wet . peter that 's all right -- it 's a drip -dry . reggie Peter , you have get to promise I something . promise you will never lie the way Charles do . why do people have to tell lie ? peter usually it 's because they want something -- and they be afraid the truth will not get it for they . reggie do you tell lie ? a pause . the phone ring . reggie answer it . reggie ( into the phone ) hello ? int . outdoor ' phone booth -- night scobie hold the receiver in he metal hand . scobie Mrs. lampert ? -- it 's I -- the man who be in you room a few minute ago -- int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) what do you want ? peter ( whisper ) who be it ? reggie ( cover the receiver ) the man you have the fight with . int . phone booth -- night scobie ( on the phone ) be dyle with you ? int . reggie' room -- night close shot -- reggie reggie who ? int . phone booth -- night scobie ( on the phone ) the man who hit I , lady -- dyle -- that 's he name . what 's wrong -- be he still there ? int . reggie' room -- night reggie 's back be turn to peter so he can not see she face . he watch she . reggie ( on the phone ) yes -- that 's right . peter what be it , Reggie -- what 's he say ? she shake she head . int . phone booth -- night scobie ( on the phone ) do not trust he -- do not tell he anything . he 's after the money . he hang up . int . reggie' room -- night slowly , reggie lower the ' phone from she ear and hang it up . she hesitates a moment . peter what would he say ? reggie he -- he say if I do not give the money , he will kill I . peter I would not take that too seriously . reggie I believe what he say . peter they be only try to scare you , that 's all . reggie how do you know what they be do ? peter I do not -- but as long as they think you have the money , or know where it be , or have it without know where it be , or do not even know you have it -- reggie what be you talk about ? peter you must not let what he say bother you . it be only word . reggie ( softly ) word can hurt very much . peter ( a pause ) go to sleep -- I will see you in the morning . reggie do not put yourself out . peter hey -- I be on you side . remember that . reggie yes , I will remember . good night . peter good night . he start out , pause by the door and examine the hole scobie make in it . peter but if you will take my advice -- ( smile ) you will undress in the closet . oh , and if you need I , just bang on the wall . I will be next door . int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- night as peter ( now call dyle ) leave reggie 's room and close the door . he pause for a moment , listen , hear nothing , then bend down and start pull at a loose thread in one of he sock . as usual , the thread unravel -- and unravel -- and unravel some more until it seem that the entire sock have come unknit . now , take the long thread , he bend down near the door and , take he tie-pin , attaches one end of the thread to the bottom of reggie 's door . he then run the thread along the floor to he door ( next door ) and work it underneath . int . dyle's room -- night as dyle enter , the thread in he hand . he go to a nearby table where he attaches the thread to the heavy room key , which he then balance on the extreme edge of the table . int . reggie' room -- night reggie be on the phone . reggie ( excited ) -- but I be calm , Mr. bartholomew -- what I call to tell you be there 's someone else -- someone who be not in that photograph you show I . he say he name be Peter joshua -- but it be not -- it 's dyle. ( a pause ) Mr. bartholomew ? -- be you still there ? int . bartholomew's apartment -- night bartholomew on the phone . he be silent for a moment , he face troubled . bartholomew I do not know who this Mr. dyle be , but it 's just possible we be wrong about who kill you husband . int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) you mean he might have -- Mr. bartholomew , I be catch the next plane out of here -- I be not go to sit here and wait for someone to make chop liver out of I ! deleted int . bartholomew's apartment -- night bartholomew ( on the phone ) where be you now -- can you meet I ? do you know Les halle ? int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) yes , where ? ( a pause ) -- in fifteen minute . I will be there . deleted int . reggie' room -- night reggie hang up the phone , pick up she bag , check she hair in the mirror , then start for the door . she stop as she notice the connect door lead to the room next door , dyle 's room . she go to it , silently slip out the key and bend to peer through the keyhole . int . dyle's room -- night ( through keyhole ) dyle be remove he coat . before he lay it over a chair , he take a gun from the inside pocket , check it , and tuck it into he belt . int . reggie' room -- night reggie react in surprise and fright , jump quickly away from the door . she hurry to the door lead to the hall and reach for the knob . int . dyle's room -- night close shot -- room key . the thread attach to it be pull ( by the action of reggie 's door open ) and the key fall to the floor with a clatter . wide angle include dyle as he react , he head wheeling to look at the key . snatch he coat , he run for the door . int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- night as reggie sneak past dyle 's door . when she have pass , the door open and dyle appear . reggie take off on the run , turn the corner and start down the stair . dyle Reggie -- ! he start after she . int . HOTEL lobby -- night it be desert , except for the sleep night porter , as reggie come run down the stair . dyle's voice ( o.s. ) Reggie ... ! she turn , look back towards the sound of he voice , but do not slacken she speed . she run out the front door . ext . HOTEL entrance -- night as reggie run out . she look up the street , see a taxi and hail it . reggie taxi -- ! it pull over to the curb . look once more over she shoulder she take a bill out of she pocket , open the cab door , slam it loudly without get in and hand the bill to the driver . reggie n'importe où -- vite ! allez-y ! she jump back into the shadow of a nearby doorway as the taxi pull away . at the same time dyle run out of the hotel . another taxi be come down the street . dyle hail it frantically . dyle taxi -- ! taxi -- ! it pull up and dyle open the door . dyle ( point ) follow that taxi . driver comment ? dyle taxi ! follow ! driver je not comprend rien . desperately , dyle reach into he coat pocket and pull out a small dictionary and begin flipping through the page . close shot -- reggie in the shadow . she lift she eye in annoyance . mo . shot -- taxi dyle ( find the word ) suivre -- el taxi ! driver ah! oui , monsieur . another angle reggie come out of the shadow , look after dyle 's taxi , then hail another one which pull up . reggie ( to driver ) aux halle -- vite ! deleted ext . les halle -- night reggie and bartholomew walk . the Central market be teeming with activity -- truck creep around other truck , case of fruit and vegetable stack on every inch of sidewalk , worker of all type milling around , unload truck and stack crate , little electric cart scoot in and out -- and nearby , one of the huge , high - roofed shed where the butcher work . two shot -- reggie and bartholomew camera leading they as they walk . bartholomew ( look around ) incredible , be not it ? Zola call it 'le ventre de Paris ' -- the womb of Paris , the belly . she take a banana from a nearby stall . reggie ( peel it ) what do you want to see I about , Mr. bartholomew ? bartholomew ( leave a coin on the crate ) be you follow ? reggie yes , but I lose he . I really do it quite brilliantly . I be beginning to think woman make the best spy . bartholomew Agents . reggie he have a gun , Mr. bartholomew -- I see it . bartholomew who ? reggie dyle , or whatever he name be . bartholomew what do you Mr. dyle look like , Mrs. lampert ? reggie he 's hardly my Mr. dyle . bartholomew describe he . reggie well -- he 's tall -- over six foot -- rather thin -- in good physical shape , I would say -- dark eye -- quite handsome , really . bartholomew ( shaking he head ) no . reggie no , what ? bartholomew that 's not carson dyle . reggie ( stop ) carson ? bartholomew there 's only one dyle connect with this affair , Mrs. lampert -- that 's carson . reggie you mean you have know about he all along ? why do not you tell I ? bartholomew look at she for a moment , then glance around ; he attention be draw inside the doorway . bartholomew it 's enough to make you a vegetarian , be not it ? int . les halle butcher ' shed -- night almost as far as the eye can see , row upon row of beef side , hang on hook . two shot -- reggie and bartholomew ( traveling ) as reggie look at the hang beef . reggie it 's just lucky that I be not hang next to one of that thing right now . she shudder , throw away she banana and turn back to bartholomew . reggie Mr. bartholomew -- why do not you tell I you know about dyle ? bartholomew I do not see any point . dyle 's dead . reggie Dead ? Mr. bartholomew -- maybe you would better tell I what this thing 's all about . deleted int . les halle bistro -- night line up at a zinc bar be several butcher , they white smock stain with blood . reggie and bartholomew sit at the table . bartholomew I suppose you be old enough to have hear of World War two ? reggie barely , yes . bartholomew in 1944 , five member of the o.s.s. -- the military espionage unit -- be order behind the german line for the purpose of deliver $ 250,000 in gold to the french Underground . the five man -- a waiter arrive . waiter vous désirez ? reggie ( smile ) they always do that . bartholomew ( to the waiter ) café . reggie gratinée , choucroute garnie , salade de pomme -- et un ballon de rouge . bartholomew Mrs. lampert , I really have not plan on spend the entire night here . reggie can I at least keep the onion soup ? bartholomew shrug . reggie ( to the waiter ) La soupe tout simplement . the waiter nod and go . reggie ( anxiously ) go on , please -- five man -- $ 250,000 -- the french Underground -- bartholomew yes . the five man . they be , of course , you husband , Charles , the three man who show up at he funeral yesterday , and carson dyle . but something go wrong and they be unable to locate they contact . it must have be at that point that they decide to steal the money . reggie steal it how ? bartholomew by bury it , and then report that the Germans have capture it . all they have to do be come back after the war , dig it up and split it five way -- a quarter of a million dollar with no question ask . reggie ( fascinate ) May I have a cigarette , please ? bartholomew pull out a package and she take one , look at it and rip off the filter tip . he wince . reggie I hate this thing -- it 's like drink coffee through a veil . she put the other end in she mouth , then pick up the match and light it . bartholomew everything go smoothly enough until after the gold be bury -- then , before they could get out , they be ambush by a german patrol . a machine gun separate scobie from he right hand -- and catch carson dyle full in the stomach . reggie take another cigarette from he pack , rip off the filter ( he wince again ) and put it into she mouth . bartholomew what 's wrong with that one ? he point to the cigarette she just light , still practically brand - new in the ashtray . reggie oh. nothing , I guess . what happen then ? she hand over the new one to bartholomew , who sadly examine its mutilate end while reggie return to the first cigarette . bartholomew have you any idea what this thing cost over here ? reggie please go on , Mr. bartholomew -- what happen then ? bartholomew scobie be able to travel , but carson dyle be clearly die , so they -- the waiter return with the coffee and onion soup . waiter La soupe , c'est pour qui ? reggie pour moi . go on , Mr. bartholomew . the waiter put down the cup and bowl and leave . bartholomew carson be die so they be force to leave he . they finally get back to the base , make they report , and wait for the war to end . only Charles could not wait quite as long as the other . he beat they back to the gold , take everything for himself and disappear . it 's take gideon , tex and scobie all this time to catch up with he again . reggie but if they steal all that money -- why can not you arrest they ? bartholomew we know what happen from the bit and piece we be able to paste together -- but we still have no proof . reggie but what have all this get to do with the c.i.o .? bartholomew c.i.a. , Mrs. lampert . we be a extension of the wartime o.s.s . it be we money and we want it back . reggie I be sorry , Mr. bartholomew , but nothing you have tell I have change my mind . I still intend leave Paris -- tonight . bartholomew I would not advise that , Mrs. lampert . you would better consider what happen to you husband when he try to leave . that man will not be very far away -- no matter where you go . in fact , I do not even see any point in you change hotel . please help we , Mrs. lampert . you government be count on you . reggie well , if I be go to die , I might as well do it for my country . bartholomew that 's the spirit . reggie oh , stop it . what do you want I to do ? bartholomew we be anxious to know who this man be -- the one call himself dyle . reggie maybe he really be dyle . he could still be alive . bartholomew no , Mrs. lampert . reggie but no one actually see he die . bartholomew no , Mrs. lampert . his death be register with the War Department in Washington . reggie oh . then who 's this one ? bartholomew I do not know -- but I think you would better find out , do not you ? reggie I ? why I ? bartholomew you be in a ideal position -- he trust you . ( grin ) besides , you say yourself , woman make the best spy . reggie ( resign ) Agents . ext . HOTEL ( place ST . andré des art ) -- late afternoon dyle leave the hotel and turn into the place . a moment later , reggie come cautiously from the hotel . as she watch dyle , a sandwich - man advertising a drive school pass the hotel . reggie fall in behind he , he tall placard hide she from view . ext . place ST . andré des art -- late afternoon first come dyle , pass a sidewalk cafe on the corner , then the sandwich - man and reggie . the sandwich - man turn off , leave reggie out in the open . a moment later , dyle pass a girl painting a canvas , she easel set up in the middle of the sidewalk . he stop when he have pass she and turn to look at she work . reggie , not know what to do , and afraid she will be see by dyle , who be now look she way , spin and sit at the sidewalk cafe 's nearest table , she back to dyle . it be already occupy by a middle - age tourist . two shot -- reggie and tourist the tourist , complete with camera , beret and guide book , look up from he coffee , surprised . he stare at reggie and she stare back . finally , not know what else to do , she smile , then take a portion of he brioche and eat it . he smile back emptily , not know what to make of she . reggie turn to look at dyle . mo . shot -- dyle he have make he judgment of the painting and now move on . two shot -- reggie and tourist the tourist have finally find the courage to speak . as he open he mouth to make a sound , reggie , she eye on dyle , rise quickly from the table and go , leave a very confuse tourist with he mouth open . he blink , then leave some money on the table and start after she . ext . place ST . andré des art -- late afternoon reggie follow dyle . as she pass the girl painting , she cannot resist turn to see the work . close shot -- painting a abstract jumble , nothing recognizable . close shot -- reggie as she look from the painting to reality . ext . place ST . andré des art -- late afternoon as the scene really look . mo . shot -- reggie she shrug , continue after dyle . now we see that the tourist , in turn , be follow she . tourist ( call ) fraulein -- reggie do not stop . tourist fraulein -- reggie ( turn but continue ) what be you do , follow I ? stop it -- we be go to look like a parade . she continue after dyle . the tourist hesitates , then continue after she . mo . shot -- dyle he go to the curb and start to step off , attempt to cross the rue danton , but find the light against he . he turn back in reggie 's direction . mo . shot -- reggie realizing she have to do something before dyle spot she , she turn and take the tourist 's arm and start walk with he back toward the cafe . reggie ( smile and rattling on ) how be you ? when do you arrive in town ? be you enjoy Paris ? it 's lovely , be not it ? so many wonderful thing to see and do , it make one 's head spin to think of it . she look back over she shoulder and see that dyle be now crossing the rue danton , head for the platform of a bus now stop at the curb . tourist ( smile ) fraulein -- reggie pull away from he . reggie if you do not stop follow I I will call the police . she leave he stand there , more confuse than ever , as she start after dyle again . dyle have hop on the back of the bus as it pull away . reggie hurry across the street , hail a taxi . reggie taxi -- ! int . american express -- late afternoon dyle enter . camera panning with he to the head of a stairway lead downstairs , a sign indicate that it lead to the " mail room &amp ; telephone . " camera pan back to the door as reggie enter . deleted int . american express mail room -- late afternoon dyle walk to one of several window . a sign over it read : " a - D . " mo . shot -- stair reggie come down the stair . suddenly she stop . mo . shot -- dyle camera zoom in to sign on " D . " close shot -- reggie a confuse look on she face . mo . shot -- dyle as he turn come , he address the clerk dyle dyle , please ... D - y - L - E. clerk yes , Mr. dyle . I remember . close shot -- reggie watch . mo . shot -- mail window the clerk take out a bundle of letter and quickly sort through it . clerk I be sorry , Mr. dyle -- nothing today . dyle thanks -- see you soon . he turn and head out , start up the stair where reggie be but be no longer . as he reach the fourth or fifth step , a voice be hear over the loudspeaker . voice ( o.s. ) Mr. dyle , please -- you be want on the telephone -- Mr. dyle. cabin 4 . dyle stop in he track , ponder what to do . voice ( o.s. ) Mr. dyle. cabin 4 , please . he stop and come down the stair , go to the back of the room and into the cabin mark " 4 . " dyle ( pick up the phone ) yes ? camera dolly across a empty cabin to discover reggie in the third one , on the phone . int . reggie' cabin reggie on the phone . int . dyle's cabin dyle on the phone . reggie good morning , Mr. dyle . dyle Reggie ? reggie it 's the only name I have get . how about you ? dyle no cat and mouse -- you have get I . what do you want to know ? reggie why you lie to I . dyle I have to -- for all I know you could have be in on the whole thing . reggie well , you know now , so please tell I who you be . dyle but you know my name -- it 's dyle . reggie carson dyle be dead . dyle yes , he be . he be my brother . reggie you -- dyle the army think he be kill in action by the Germans , but I think they do it -- tex , gideon and scobie -- and you husband -- because he would not go along with they scheme to steal the gold . I think he threaten to turn they in and they kill he . I be try to prove it . they think I be work with they . but I be not , and that 's the truth . I be on you side , Reggie -- please believe that . reggie how can I ? you lie to I -- the way Charles do -- and after promise you would not . oh , I want to believe you , Peter ... oh , but I can not call you that anymore , can I ? it will take I a while to get use to you new name -- which I do not even know yet . what be it ? ( pause ) be not you go to tell I ? ( pause ) hello -- ? she open the door of the cabin and start out . mo . shot -- phone cabin as reggie step out of she cabin and start look in the other . they be all occupy except one and she look inside it . close shot -- empty cabin the receiver hang by its cord , swinging back and forth . mo . shot -- reggie as she look at it , confuse . int . american express -- day dyle and scobie stand together , wait for the elevator , scobie clearly hold a gun in the pocket of he raincoat . scobie ( quietly ) if you do anything funny , or try to talk to anyone , I will kill you , dyle -- here and now . okay ? dyle you will wreck you raincoat . the self - service elevator door open , one or two passengers come out and dyle and scobie enter . a young girl start in after they . scobie next car , please . he reach out and press the top button with he metal hand . the door close . deleted int . top floor landing -- late afternoon as scobie follow dyle out of the elevator . scobie look around -- there be a open door at the end of a short hall . he and dyle go to it , camera following . through the door , which scobie close behind they , be a flight of stair , lead up to a second floor . scobie okay -- turn around . dyle turn to find scobie 's gun out of the pocket and point at he . scobie now transfer it to he metal hand and go to dyle , where he proceed to frisk he . find the gun dyle carry in he inside coat pocket , scobie remove it . during the follow conversation he will shake open the revolve magazine and let the bullet fall out onto the floor before hand back the emptied gun to dyle . then he will transfer he own gun back to he good hand . scobie sit down . shrugge , dyle sit on the third step . dyle what now ? scobie we wait -- with we mouth shut . int . american express -- night the last employees leave the building as the watchman lock the front door after they . int . top floor landing -- night in the semi-darkness , dyle be still sit on the third step , scobie still face he with a gun . dyle how long do you intend -- ? scobie I say with the mouth shut . dyle yawn wide . dyle sorry about that . scobie okay -- up there . dyle get to he foot and start up the stair , follow by scobie . dyle stop at the door . dyle do I knock or something ? scobie open it . dyle open the door . the stair continue up . scobie keep go . dyle the view have better be worth it . ext . american express -- rooftop -- night a spectacular view of the Paris rooftop and the city light beyond . dyle and scobie come out onto a level portion of roof . on the street side , the roof angle down abruptly into a steep , slate - cover pitch , break only by two widely separate oval - shape dormer window . below this be a rain gutter , then nothing -- for seven storey . dyle very pretty . now what ? scobie I will give you a chance , dyle -- which be more than you would give I . where 's the money ? dyle be that why you drag I all the way up here -- to ask I that ? she have it -- you know that . scobie and I say maybe you both have it ! one more time , dyle -- where be it ? dyle suppose I do have it -- which I do not -- do you really think I would hand it over ? scobie you be out , dyle -- right now ! scobie aim the gun and start advance toward dyle . scobie step back . dyle turn and look -- there be nothing behind he but a sheer drop to the street . dyle back where ? scobie that 's the idea . move quickly , dyle lash out and hack scobie 's gun hand with the side of he palm and the gun fall to the roof . follow through , dyle punch the large man full in the jaw , but instead of fall , scobie wrap he arm around dyle , hold on tightly until he head clear . then , to he amazement , dyle be lift into the air and , unable to break the bear-hold , carry toward the edge of the roof . work he arm between they two body , dyle suddenly flail they out with all he strength and the hold be break , but at the price of he coat and the flesh on he back as scobie 's metal claw rip through both , a wound extend from the center of dyle 's back to he shoulder . both man look around for the gun , spot it simultaneously and leap for it , both landing short of the mark . now they grapple with one another , each try to break free and reach for the gun . close shot -- there hand two hand , one real , one metal , inch toward the gun . mo . shot -- dyle and scobie the battle be go to scobie whose weight and strength be beginning to tire dyle , who be now on he back , try to stop scobie from crawl over he . he have the large man by both lapel of the raincoat in a last-ditch effort to hold he . but scobie , he face horribly distort from the strain , continue to inch forward toward the gun . suddenly , dyle release he hold . with nothing restrain he , scobie lurch forward , tumble past the gun , he momentum carry he onto the sloping part of the roof , where he begin slide down . scobie beat wildly at the the slate with he claw , try to gouge a grip . close shot -- scobie' claw as it slide across the slate , make a hideous scratch sound and cause spark to fly . mo . shot -- scobie as he slide over the edge and disappear . close shot -- dyle as he watch , hypnotize . close shot -- roof edge there appear to be no sign of scobie . then camera zoom in for a tight close shot of scobie be metal hand , grip the rain gutter at the very edge . mo . shot -- dyle have see the claw , he rise and walk to the very edge of the level part of the roof . dyle herman ? mo . shot -- scobie as he hang , seven storey over the street , by he metal hand . scobie yeah ? mo . shot -- dyle he find it hard to believe . dyle how be you do ? scobie' voice ( o.s. ) how do you think ? dyle if you get bored , try write ' Love thy neighbor ' a hundred time on the side of the building . dyle turn and leave go down the stair . int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- night the HOTEL manager be busy taping a piece of cardboard over the hole rip in reggie 's door by scobie 's metal hand the night before . dyle leave the elevator and go to he own door . the manager eye he coldly . dyle " take " the look . dyle I do not do it . manager the next time madame forget she key , there be another one at the desk . dyle smile , then enter he room . int . dyle's room -- night he close the door and start to remove he tear coat , wince . int . reggie' room -- night reggie , smoking on the bed , sit up when she hear dyle move about in he room . she go to the connect door , unlock she side , try the knob , find it still bolt from he side and knock . reggie be that you ? int . dyle's room -- night dyle go to the door , throw back the bolt and open the door . reggie enter . reggie do not anyone ever tell you it 's impolite to -- ( see he injure back ) what happen ? dyle I meet a man with sharp nail . reggie scobie ? dyle I leave he hang around the american Express . reggie come on -- I have get something that sting like crazy . she lead he into she room . int . reggie' room -- night as reggie and dyle enter from he room . she lead he to the bed . reggie take off you shirt and lie down . as reggie go to the bathroom , dyle take off he tear shirt , revealing a tear and bloody T-shirt . he lie face downward on the bed . reggie return , carry cotton , gauze , tape , scissors , and disinfectant . she sit next to he and lift up he T-shirt to examine the wound . dyle ( wince ) listen -- all I really want be a estimate . reggie it 's not so bad . you may not be able to lie on you back for a few day -- but , then , you can lie from any position , can not you ? she wet the cotton with disinfectant and begin clean the wound . he wince . reggie do it hurt ? dyle have not you get a bullet I can bite ? she continue work on he back , clean it , then bandage it while they talk . reggie be you really carson dyle 's brother ? dyle would you like to see my passport ? reggie you passport ! what kind of a proof be that ? dyle would you like to see where I be tattooe ? reggie sure . dyle okay , I will drive you around there some day . ( he back sting ) ouch ! reggie ha ha . you could at least tell I what you first name be this day . dyle Alexander . reggie be there a Mrs. dyle ? dyle yes , but we be divorced . reggie I think that be Peter joshua . dyle ( smile ) I be no easier to live with than he be . reggie ( finish the bandage ) there -- you be a new man . as they continue talk , he rise from the bed and go into he own room . reggie remain on the bed , watch he through the open door as he put on a fresh T-shirt and shirt . dyle I be sorry I could not tell you the truth , but I have to find out you part in all this . reggie Alex -- how can you tell if someone be lie or not ? dyle you can not . reggie there must be some way . dyle there 's a old riddle about two tribe of Indians -- the whitefeet always tell the truth and the blackfeet always lie . so one day you meet a indian , you ask he if he 's a truthful whitefoot or a lie blackfoot ? he tell you he 's a truthful whitefoot , but which one be he ? reggie why could not you just look at he foot ? dyle because he 's wear moccasin . reggie oh. well , then he 's a truthful whitefoot , of course . dyle why not a lie blackfoot ? reggie ( confuse ) which one be you ? dyle ( enter , smile ) whitefoot , of course . reggie come here . he go to the bed . reggie sit down . he sit . reggie I hope it turn out you be a whitefoot , Alex -- I could be very happy hang around the tepee . dyle Reggie -- listen to I -- reggie oh-oh -- here it come . the fatherly talk . you forget I be already a widow . dyle so be juliet -- at fifteen . reggie I be not fifteen . dyle well , there 's you trouble right there -- you be too old for I . reggie why can not you be serious ? dyle there , you say it . reggie Said what ? dyle serious . when a man get to be my age that 's the last word he ever want to hear . I do not want to be serious -- and I especially do not want you to be . reggie okay -- I will tell you what -- we will just sit around all day long be frivolous -- how about that ? she start kissing he on the neck , on the chin , on the cheek . dyle now please , Reggie -- cut it out . reggie ( pull back ) okay . dyle what be you do ? reggie cut it out . dyle who tell you to do that ? reggie you do . dyle but I be not through complain yet . reggie oh . ( she start kissing he again ) dyle now please , Reggie -- cut it out . reggie I think I love you , Alex -- she kiss he on the mouth . the phone ring . he try to talk as she continue kissing he . dyle ( mumble ) the phone 's ringing -- reggie whoever it be will not give up -- and neither will I . the phone continue to ring and she continue to kiss he . finally , reggie reach out to the bedstand and take the phone off the hook . she bring the receiver up to they mouth and mumble into it . reggie ( on phone ) sorry -- I be just -- uh -- nibble on something . int . tex's room -- night tex speak into the phone . tex miz lampert , my buddy and I , we would oblige it mighty highly if you could mosey on across the hall and chew the fat with we for a spell . int . reggie' room -- night dyle be watch she . reggie ( on the phone ) can you give I one good reason why I should ? int . tex's room -- night tex ( on the phone ) yes , mar 'am . a little one -- ' bout seven or eight year old . th' little tyke keep callin ' you he aunt Reggie -- be not that cute ? int . reggie' room -- night she cover the phone and turn to dyle in alarm . reggie they have get Jean-Louis ! dyle that sound like they problem . reggie ( into the phone ) I will be right there . int . tex's room -- night tex ( on the phone ) we will be waitin ' in room forty - seven , miz lampert -- so you just wiggle on over . int . reggie' room -- night as reggie hang up . reggie what day be it ? dyle Tuesday . reggie Lord , I forget all about it -- sylvie work late Tuesday night -- she always leave he with I . they would not do anything to a little boy , would they ? dyle I do not know -- it depend on whether or not they have already eat . int . tex's room -- night close shot -- jean -louis . he look around , uncertainly , first one way , then the other . camera pull back to show he sit on scobie 's knee , the large man hold he with he good hand , the metal one in he pocket . tex sit next to they while gideon nervously pace the floor . when gideon begin sneezing he take the small bottle of pill from he pocket and downs one or two , swallow some water . scobie hey , tex -- move the kid to the other knee or something , will you ? my leg 's go to sleep . tex lift jean -louis and put he down on scobie 's other knee . tex upsy-daisy . jean-louis be you a real cowboy ? tex sure be . jean-louis then where be you gun ? tex ( take out he gun ) right here -- see ? gideon will you put that thing away ! a knock at the door . gideon go to open it . reggie and dyle enter . she see jean - louis and tex 's gun . reggie Jean-Louis ! she snatch he off scobie 's lap . tex howdy , miz lampert . scobie ( glaring at dyle ) who invite you ? dyle hello , herman , it be a happy landing , I see . reggie I would better call sylvie -- she must be frantic . she start for the door with jean - louis . gideon block she way . gideon I be afraid that will have to wait , Mrs. lampert . reggie but he mother -- gideon she be not go to be anybody 's mother unless you answer some question . tex this be not no game , miz lampert . scobie we want that money -- now ! dyle ( forcefully ) be quiet , all of you ! the three men look at he , surprised by he tone . dyle and stop threaten that boy . he do not have the money . Mrs. lampert do not either . scobie then who do ? dyle I do not know , herman -- maybe you do . scobie I ? dyle ( to tex ) or you -- ( to gideon ) or you -- gideon , tex &amp ; scobie ( together ) that 's the most ridiculous -- ! you go loco ? listen to the man ! dyle slowly . suppose one of you find Charles here in Paris , follow he , cornere he on the train , throw he out the window and take the money . scobie ( after a pause ) that 's a crock ! if one of we do that he would not hang around here wait for the other two to wise up . dyle but he would have to . if he leave he would be admit he guilt -- and the other would know what happen . whoever it be have to wait here , pretend to look for the money , wait for the rest of we to give up and go home . that 's when he will be safe and not a minute before . a pause as the three men look at one another . gideon up till now we always figure she have the money -- but you know so much about it , maybe you have get it . dyle then what be I do here ? you do not know anything about I -- I be the only one who could have take it and keep right on go . scobie he 's just tryin ' to throw we off ! they have get it , I tell you ! why do not we search they room ? dyle ( exchange look with reggie ) it 's all right with we -- tex ( rise ) what be we wastin ' time for ? let 's go . dyle and while we be wait , we might as well go through yours . scobie ( stop ) not my room ! dyle what 's wrong , herman -- have you get something to hide ? ( a pause , then smile ) then I take it there be no objection . the three men look at one another unhappily . dyle we would better exchange key . here 's mine . scobie I will take that . he take dyle 's key and give dyle he . gideon go to reggie , take she key and give she he own . tex mine 's in the door . ariva durchy , y'all . the three men file out . dyle and reggie exchange look . dyle come on -- let 's get busy . who get you vote ? reggie scobie -- he 's the one that object . dyle ( hand she the boy ) he 's all yours . I will do tex and gideon . take Jean-Louis with you -- and make sure you bolt the door from inside . reggie vien , Jean-Louis -- we be go to have a treasure hunt . jean -louis ( join they ) oh , la ! if I find the treasure , will I win a prize ? reggie ( to dyle ) what should we give he ? dyle how about $ 25,000 ? or do you think it would spoil he ? she smile , take jean - louis ' hand and leave . dyle turn to survey tex 's room . he go first to the drawer in the night table -- empty ; and the bed , look in it and under it . then he go to the desk and open the drawer -- also empty . the bureau be next -- he open all three double drawer and they , too , be completely empty . frown , he go to the armoire and open it -- shelf and hang bar be likewise bare . then , camera panning down , he see the only thing he 's find so far in the room -- a pair of fine cowboy boot . int . reggie' room -- night close shot -- airline bag . camera pull back to include gideon , stare down at it as it lie on the table in the center of the room . gideon ( eye on the bag ) tex ? another angle include tex , busy go through the bureau . he look up , then join gideon . tex what 's that ? gideon empty the content of the bag on the table , then start examine the various item . he open the wallet . insert - wallet Inside , the initial " c.l. " be print in gold . tex's voice ( o.s. ) Charlie 's stuff ? gideone voice ( o.s. ) look like it . mo . shot -- tex &amp ; gideon tex mebbe we would better call herman . gideon have put the wallet aside and now pick up the letter , remove it from the envelope and read it . gideon what for ? if it 's not here , why bother he ? tex and if it be ? gideon ( a pause ) why bother he ? a broad grin from tex . they continue go through the item from the bag . tex you sure nuthin 's missin ' ? gideon no . the police have kindly provide we with a list . tex take the list , examine it , then fold it and put it in he pocket . they finish with the item from the bag . tex there sure be not nothin ' here worth no quarter of a million . gideon not unless we be blind . tex ( stare at gideon ) you think that mebbe we be fishin ' the wrong stream ? gideon meaning what ? tex you do not s'pose one o' we have it , like the man say -- I mean , that would be pretty distasteful -- we bein ' vet aran o' the same war and ' all . gideon ( very sincerely ) you know I would tell you if I have it . tex nachurly . jus ' like I would tell you . gideon nachurly . and that go for herman , too . tex &amp ; gideon ( together ) nachurly ! the two men look at one another , then smile -- then laugh . deleted int . scobie' room -- night reggie on the phone , jean - louis stand by . reggie -- he 's all right , sylvie , honestly . just hurry up and get here . she hang up and turn to jean -louis . reggie come on , now -- if you want to hide something , where would you put it ? jean-louis I know . I would bury it in the garden . reggie swell -- only this man do not have a garden . jean -louis oh. ( afterthought ) neither do i. ( see something ) voilà ! reggie voilà what ? jean -louis ( point ) up there ! I would put it up there ! reggie look to where jean - louis be point -- to the top of the high armoire . reggie you know something , cookie ? why not ? take one of the straight chair to the armoire , she stand on it . although she be still not high enough to see anything , by stand on tip -toe she be able to reach with she hand over the top and grope around blindly . reggie I hope I do not find any little hairy thing live up here -- wait ! there be something ! if I can just -- yes , I be get it -- a case of some sort -- it 's heavy . jean-louis ( jump up and down ) I find it ! I find it ! reggie if you think you be get credit for this , you be crazy . jean -louis ( ecstatic ) we win ! we win ! reggie have finally manage to pull down the case -- a rectangular black bag about the size and shape of a trombone case . as he climb off the chair , jean - louis suddenly run to the door , unbolt it and run into the hall , camera panning with he . int . HOTEL corridor - third landing - night as jean -louis run out into the hall , shouting . jean -louis we find it ! we find it ! dyle be the first one to appear , come out of gideon 's room . tex have also appear from reggie 's room , follow by gideon . jean-louis we find it ! the three men rush by jean - louis and squeeze simultaneously into scobie 's room . int . scobie' room -- night as dyle , tex and gideon enter , reggie be place the little straight black chair to its original position . there be no sign of the black case . dyle Reggie -- ? do you find it ? reggie no . gideon what do you mean , no ? tex the kid say -- jean -louis ( point atop the armoire ) up there ! it be up there ! reggie no , Jean-Louis . tex grab the chair and move it to the armoire , climb up on it and grab the bag . reggie it 's nothing , I tell you ! he bring it to the table as dyle and gideon crowd around he , anxious to see . close shot ( panning ) the ring of face , one at a time . tex , he jaw muscle work feverishly ; dyle , he eye unblink , a slight smile on he lip ; gideon , he mouth open greedily . group shot as tex finally spring the latch and open the lid . close shot -- case Inside , neatly pack in velvet fitting , like the part of a musical instrument , be various portion of and attachment for a metal artificial hand . tex's voice ( o.s. ) jumpin ' frejole -- it 's herman 's spare . group shot -- the three men as they stare at the case , surprised and just a little embarrassed . slowly tex lower the lid . the men avoid look at one another . wider angle include reggie and jean - louis by the door . reggie where be he ? the men look at one another . tex hey , that 's right ! dyle ( already run ) he 's in my room . the three men hurry past reggie and jean - louis and out of the door . jean-louis what be the matter ? int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- night dyle , tex , and gideon , follow by reggie and jean - louis cross the hall to dyle 's room . dyle turn the key which be still in the door . he enter , follow by the other . int . dyle's room -- night dyle , tex and gideon stand in the center of the room , look around . reggie and jean - louis wait in the open doorway . the room look like a cyclone hit the place , but there be no sign of scobie . the sound of run water can be hear come from behind the close door to the bathroom and dyle be the first to notice the water beginning to leak out from under the door . dyle Reggie -- you and the boy better wait here . int . bath -- night scobie , still dress in he raincoat , lie face up , he head submerge in the fill tub , the water now pour over the edge . his face be distort . dyle 's hand appear and turn off the water . deleted reverse shot dyle , tex and gideon stare at camera . tex now who 'da do a mean thing like that ? dyle ( look carefully at both ) I be not quite sure . tex this be not my room . gideon mine , either . dyle ( consider the situation ) the police be not go to like this one bit . gideon ( helpful ) we could dry he off and take he down the hall to he own room . ( look at the body ) he really do not look so bad . tex we could put he to bed and let one o' they fem- de-chamber find he in the mornin' . dyle and gideon look at one another . tex poor ol ' herman -- he and good luck always be stranger . maybe now he will meet up with he other hand someplace -- but I sure hope it be not waitin ' for he in Heaven . int . scobie' room -- day close shot -- scobie . the dead man' eye be open , he jaw hang , he head lie crazily on the pillow . camera pull back to show he lie in bed , dress in he pajamas . camera whirl for a tight close shot of a maid , she eye widen as the realization that the man be dead strike she . then she scream . int . grandpierre's office -- late afternoon close shot -- grandpierre . the policeman be apoplectic . grandpierre no ! no! no! no ! camera pull back to include , reggie , dyle , tex and gideon , all sit silently in the inspector 's office . grandpierre a man drown in he bed -- impossible ! and in he pajamas -- the second one in he pajamas -- c'est trop bête ! stop lie to I -- ( tapping the side of he nose ) this nose tell I when you be lie -- it be never mistaken , not in twenty - three year -- this nose will make I commissaire of police . ( tapping he finger on he desk ) Mr. dyle or Mr. joshua -- which be it ? dyle dyle . grandpierre and yet you register in megeve as Mr. joshua . do you know it be against the law to register under a assume name ? dyle no , I do not . reggie it 's do in America all the time . grandpierre rap for silence on he desk . during the pause , he look into each face in turn . grandpierre none of you will be permit to leave Paris -- until this matter be clear up . only I warn you -- I will be watch . we use the guillotine in this country -- I have always suspect that the blade come down cause no more than a slight tickle sensation on the back of the neck . it be only a guess , of course -- I hope none of you ever find out for certain . deleted ext . quai montebello -- late afternoon ( traveling ) reggie and dyle walk along the quai , next to the seine , camera leading . reggie who do you think do it -- gideon ? dyle maybe . reggie or tex ? dyle maybe . reggie you be a big help . can I have one of that ? they have pass a ice-cream wagon on the corner of the pont au double . dyle shrug . reggie ( to the vendor ) vanille-chocolat . during the follow , the vendor make a double - decker cone and hand it to reggie . dyle pay and they resume they walk -- all with no break in the dialogue . reggie I think tex do it . dyle why ? reggie because I really suspect gideon -- and it be always the person you do not suspect . dyle do woman think it 's feminine to be so illogical -- or can not they help it ? reggie what 's so illogical about that ? dyle a ) it 's always the person you do not suspect ; B ) that mean you think it 's tex because you really suspect gideon ; therefore C ) if you think it 's tex , it have to be someone else -- gideon . reggie oh . I guess they just can not help it . dyle who ? reggie woman . you know , I can not help feel rather sorry for scobie . ( a pause ) would not it be nice if we be like that ? dyle what -- like scobie ? reggie no -- gene Kelly . remember the way he dance down there next to the river in ' american in Paris ' -- without a care in the world ? this be good , want some ? she offer he she cone , thrust it forward with enough force to dislodge the ice-cream . it land right next to he lapel , over he outside breast pocket . dyle ( frown ) I would love some , thanks . reggie I be sorry . he pull open the pocket with two sticky finger and look inside , then shake he head sadly at what he see . reggie still hold the empty cone , not know what to do with it . see this , he take it and stick it into he pocket . dyle no sense mess up the street . reggie Alex -- dyle hm ? reggie I be scared . dyle do not worry , I be not go to hit you . reggie no , about scobie , I mean . I can not think of any reason why he be kill . they resume walk . dyle maybe somebody feel that four share be too many -- reggie what make you think that this somebody will be satisfied with three ? he want it all , Alex -- that mean we be in he way , too . dyle yes , I know . reggie first you brother , then Charles , now scobie -- we have get to do something ! any minute now we could be assassinate ! would you do anything like that ? dyle ( surprised ) what ? assassinate somebody ? reggie no -- another angle include the Cathedral of notre dame in the background . reggie -- swing down from there on a rope to save the woman you love -- like Charles laughton in ' the hunchback of Notre Dame ' ? int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- late afternoon as reggie and dyle step from the elevator . reggie hurry up and change -- I be starve . dyle let I know what you want -- I will pick a suit that match . he go into he room and she go into hers . deleted int . reggie' room -- late afternoon she enter , fix she hair in the mirror , then go to the door connect she room with dyle 's . she unlock it , try to open it , but find it lock . disappointed , she knock . dyle's voice ( o.s. ) what do you want ? reggie it 's the house detective -- why have not you get a girl in there ? int . dyle's room -- late afternoon he call to she through the close door as he empty he pocket . dyle Lord , you be a pest . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) can I come in ? dyle I would like to take a bath . int . reggie' room -- late afternoon reggie would not it be better if you do it in my room ? dyle's voice ( o.s. ) what for ? reggie I would not want to use that tub . besides , I do not want to be alone . I be afraid . int . dyle's room -- late afternoon dyle I be only next door -- if anything happen , holler . he sit down to take off he shoe , but be interrupt by the sound of reggie scream . he race for the connect door , pull back the bolt and rush in . deleted int . reggie' room -- late afternoon as dyle enter . dyle Reggie ! he wheel as the door be slam and reggie , who have be stand behind it , lock it and pocket the key . reggie get you . dyle do you ever hear the story of the boy who cry wolf ? reggie the shower 's in there . he go to the door lead to the hall and find that lock as well . she smile at he . dyle ( warning ) Reggie -- open the door . reggie this be a ludicrous situation . there must be dozen of man die to use my shower . dyle then I suggest you call one of they . reggie I dare you . dyle look at she , then sit down and start to remove he shoe . reggie ( have she go too far ? ) what be you do ? dyle have you ever hear of anyone take a shower with he shoe on ? ( to himself ) what a nut . shoe off , dyle start for the bathroom , hum . dyle I usually sing a medley of old favorite when I bathe -- any request ? reggie shut the door ! dyle I do not think I know that one . test the water with he hand , he now step in fully dress . reggie can not believe she eye . she go to the open door for a closer look . reggie what on earth be you do ? int . bathroom -- late afternoon mo . shot -- dyle in the shower , make sure he suit get uniformly soak . dyle ( explain pleasantly ) drip-dry ! he take the soap and begin wash as if he be wash himself without the suit . dyle the suit need it more than I do , anyway . reggie how often do you go through this little ritual ? as he take out he handkerchief and rinse it . dyle every day . the manufacturer recommend it . reggie I do not believe it . he open he coat and read a label inside . dyle " wearing this suit during wash will help protect its shape . " he flick a little water in she face , then take the nail - brush and scrub he watch and watch -band . he hold up he wrist so she can see the watch . dyle waterproof . he begin unbuttone he suit . she turn and leave , slamm the door after she . deleted int . reggie' room -- late afternoon as reggie go to the armoire to select a dress . the phone ring and she answer it . reggie ( into phone ) yes -- ? int . bartholomew's apartment -- late afternoon close shot -- bartholomew bartholomew ( on the phone ) Mrs. lampert ? -- bartholomew . I have speak to Washington , Mrs. lampert -- int . reggie' room -- late afternoon reggie ( on the phone ) go ahead , Mr. bartholomew -- I be listen . int . bartholomew's apartment -- late afternoon bartholomew ( on the phone ) I tell they what you say -- about this man be carson dyle 's brother . I ask they what they know about it and they tell I -- you be not gonna like this , Mrs. lampert -- they tell I carson dyle have no brother . int . reggie' room -- late afternoon close shot -- reggie on the phone , look like the rug have be pull out from under she . reggie ( pause , quietly ) be you sure there 's no mistake ? int . bartholomew's apartment -- late afternoon bartholomew ( on the phone ) none whatsoever . please , Mrs. lampert -- be careful . int . reggie' room -- late afternoon reggie slowly lower the phone to its cradle , a worried expression on she face . then the bathroom door open and dyle appear dress in a large bath towel . her back be to he . dyle I leave all my drip -dry drip -- be it all right ? she do not answer . dyle Reggie -- be something wrong ? she shake she head . dyle you be probably weak from hunger . you have only have five meal today . hurry up and we will go out . she turn and look at he . reggie do you mind if we go someplace crowded ? I -- I feel like lot of people tonight . ext . seine - bâteau mouche -- dusk the large motor launch , move along the river , gaily ablaze with light . mo . shot -- reggie and dyle ( process ) at a table for two by the rail , the city slowly pass in the b.g. dyle Reggie -- you have not speak a word in twenty minute . reggie I keep think about Charles and scobie -- and the one who 's go to be next -- I ? dyle nothing 's go to happen to you while I be around -- I want you to believe that . reggie how can I believe it when you do not even know who the killer be ? I have get that right , have not I ? you do not know who do it . dyle no -- not yet . reggie but then if we sit back and wait , the field should start narrowing down , should not it ? whoever 's leave alive at the end will pretty well have sewn up the nomination , would not you say so ? dyle be you try to say that I might have kill Charles and scobie ? she do not answer . dyle what do I have to do to satisfy you -- become the next victim ? reggie it 's a start , anyway . dyle I do not understand you at all -- one minute you be chase I around the shower room and the next you be accuse I of murder . reggie carson dyle do not have a brother . wider angle she rise from the table and walk away . dyle hesitates a moment , then follow . dyle I can explain if you will just listen . will you listen ? reggie ( look at the river ) I can not very well leave without a pair of water wing . dyle okay . then get set for the story of my life -- not that it would ever make the best - seller list . reggie fiction or non-fiction ? dyle why do not you shut up ! reggie well ! dyle be you go to listen ? reggie go on . dyle after I graduate college I be all set to go into my father business . umbrella frame -- that 's what he make . it be a sensible business , I suppose , but I do not have the sense to be interested in anything sensible . reggie I suppose all this be lead somewhere ? dyle it lead I away from umbrella frame , for one thing . but that leave I without any honest mean of support . reggie what do you mean ? dyle when a man have no profession except the one he loathes , what 's leave ? I begin look for people with more money than they would ever need -- include some they would barely miss . reggie ( astonished ) you mean , you be a thief ? dyle well , it be not exactly the term I would have choose , but I suppose it capture the spirit of the thing . reggie I do not believe it . dyle well , I can not really blame you -- not now . reggie but I do believe it -- that 's what I do not believe . so it 's goodbye Alexander dyle -- welcome home Peter joshua . dyle sorry , the name 's Adam canfield . reggie Adam canfield . wonderful . do you realize you have have three name in the past two day ? I do not even know who I be talk to any more . dyle ( now call adam ) the man 's the same , even if the name be not . reggie no -- he 's not the same . Alexander dyle be interested in clear up he brother 's death . Adam canfield be a crook . and with all the advantage you have get -- brain , charm , education , a handsome face -- adam oh , come on ! reggie -- there have to be a darn good reason for live the way you do . I want to know what it be . adam it 's simple . I like what I do -- I enjoy do it . there be not many man who love they work as much as I do . look around some time . reggie be there a Mrs. canfield ? adam yes , but -- adam and reggie ( together ) -- we be divorced . adam right . now go eat you dinner . another angle they walk back to the table , where a waiter be busy put food on it , mostly on reggie 's side . reggie ( miserably ) I could eat a horse . adam ( look at all the food ) I think that 's what you order . reggie do not you dare to be civil with I ! all this time you be lead I on -- adam how be I lead you on ? reggie all that marvelous rejection -- you know I could not resist it . now it turn out you be only interested in the money . adam that 's right . reggie ( hurt ) oh ! adam what would you like I to say -- that a pretty girl with a outrageous manner mean more to a old pro like I than a quarter of a million dollar ? reggie no -- I guess not . adam it 's a toss - up , I can tell you that . reggie what ? adam do not you know I be have a tough time keep my eye off of you ? reggie react in surprise . adam oh , you should see you face . reggie what about it ? adam ( take she hand , nicely ) it 's lovely . she look at he with happy amazement , then push she plate away . adam what 's the matter ? reggie I be not hungry -- be not it glorious ? the light go out . reggie ( alarmed ) Adam ! adam it 's all right -- look . ext . seine bâteau mouche -- night a searchlight near the boat 's bridge have go on and now begin sweeping the river bank . on bench by the water 's edge , lover be surprised by the bright light which suddenly and without warning discover they in various attitude of mutual affection . some be embarrassed , some be amused and some ( the most intimate ) damn annoyed . one even shake he fist at the light . mo . shot -- reggie and adam who , like everyone else , leave the table and stand together at the rail watch . reggie you do not look so bad in this light . adam why do you think I bring you here ? reggie ( indicate the lover ) I think maybe you want I to see the kind of work the competition be turn out . adam pretty good , huh ? I teach they everything they do . reggie oh ? do they do that sort of thing way back in you day ? adam how do you think I get here ? she rise on tip -toe and kiss he gently ; he only reaction be to look at she . reggie be not you allow to kiss back ? adam no . the doctor say it would be bad for my -- thermostat . she kiss he again . he respond a little better . adam when you come on , you really come on . reggie well -- come on . she start to kiss he again , but he stop she . reggie I know why you be not take -- no one can catch up with you . adam relax -- you be gain . deleted int . gideon be room -- night mo . shot -- gideon . as he sit bolt upright in bed , startle . the room be dark and the phone be ringing . he switch on the lamp , look at the clock ( it read 3:30 ) and shake he head before pick up the receiver . gideon huh ? you must be crazy -- it 's three - thirty in the morning -- you mean now ? -- all right -- I will be down in a minute . he hang up , swing he foot out of bed and spear he slipper , reach for he robe at the same time . then he shuffles sleepily to the door . int . HOTEL corridor -- third floor landing -- night as gideon come out of he room and go to the elevator . the cage be there . he open the door and enter . int . elevator -- night gideon close the slide grill and press a button . the cage start down . gideon begin sneezing . suddenly the elevator stop between floor and the light go out . gideon hey ! turn on the light ! just as suddenly the light go back on and the elevator start move down again . gideon shake he head and lean back , whistling again . the cage come to he floor and start past it . see this , gideon look confuse . int . HOTEL lobby -- night the night porter be asleep behind the desk . the elevator , gideon inside , keep come down . it pass the lobby level and keep right on go , toward the basement . gideon hey ! how do you stop this thing ? the elevator pass out of sight , still go down . there be a silence as the motor stop , and then a series of sneeze that end with a terrifying shriek . the night porter , rudely awaken , run to the elevator shaft , he shoe squeaking horribly . he look up , see nothing , then look down . he press the call button and the motor start . a instant later the cage appear and stop . the night porter open the gate , pull back the grill and the camera rush past he to pick up gideon . his body be sit on the floor of the cage , its grotesque sprawling attitude resembling a puppet 's with its string cut . except that gideon have no string to cut -- only a throat . from ear to ear . int . HOTEL corridor -- night close shot -- grandpierre . he be now doubly apoplectic . grandpierre Three of they -- all in they pajamas ! c'est ridicule ! what be it , some new american fad ? camera pull back to reveal reggie and adam , in they bathrobe . grandpierre and now you friend -- the one from Texas -- he have disappear -- check out -- pouf ! into thin air ! where be he ? adam I do not know . grandpierre Madame ? reggie shrug . grandpierre tell I , Mr. dyle -- where be you at three - thirty ? adam in my room , asleep . grandpierre and you , Mrs. lampert ? reggie I be , too . grandpierre in Mr. dyle 's room ? reggie ( bitterly ) no -- in my room . grandpierre ( pause , lighting cigar ) it stand to reason you be tell the truth -- for why would you invent such a ridiculous story ? reggie and adam exchange look . grandpierre and if I be you , I would not stay in my pajamas . good night . grandpierre turn and leave . reggie and adam start down the hall toward they own room . adam that wrap it up -- tex have the money . go back to bed -- I will let you know when I have find he . reggie you be go to look for he -- now ? adam if the police find he first they be not very likely to turn over a quarter of a million dollar to we , be they ? reggie Adam -- adam there 's no time -- I will call you in the morning . adam disappear into he own room . int . adam' room -- night as adam enter , go to the closet to remove he suit . the phone ring . he answer it . adam yes ? int . phone booth -- night close shot -- tex . as he speak on the phone . tex now dyle , you listen to I -- my mama do not raise no stupid child . I know who 's get the money and I be not disappear till I get my share -- and ' my share 's growin ' a whole lot bigger ev'ry day . int . adam' room -- night adam ( on the phone ) where be you , ol ' buddy ? int . phone booth -- night tex ( on the phone ) ( laugh ) I will tell you what , fella -- you want t' find I , you jus ' turn ' round -- from now on I will be right behind you . ( hang up ) int . adam' room -- night adam , before hang up , reflect on tex 's word , then look behind he . smiling softly , he hang up the phone and start for reggie 's door . int . reggie' room -- night reggie slip back into she robe and go to the connect door . reggie what be it ? adam open up . she undoe the bolt and open the door . adam enter . adam I think we be wrong about tex have the money . reggie why ? adam I just hear from he -- he 's still hungry . that mean kill gideon do not get it for he -- so he 's narrow it down to we . you have get it . reggie I have look , Adam -- you know I have -- adam where 's that airline bag ? reggie Lord , you be stubborn . adam I sure be . get it . she go to the closet and get the bag . adam Charles must have have the money with he on the train , and tex miss it . he take the bag to the bed where he dump out the content . reggie but everyone and he aunt lilian 's be through that bag . somebody would have see it . adam let 's look anyway . reggie Lord , you be stubborn . adam I mean , it 's there , Reggie . if only we could see it . we be look at it right now . close shot -- bed with charle ' belonging adam' voice ( o.s. ) something on that bed be worth a quarter of a million dollar . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) yes , but what ? adam' voice ( o.s. ) I do not know -- I just do not know . mo . shot -- reggie and adam as adam begin to examine the item one by one . adam electric razor -- comb -- steamship ticket -- fountain pen -- four passport -- toothbrush -- wallet -- ( he go through the wallet , find nothing ) key -- what about that ? reggie to the apartment -- it match mine perfectly . adam the letter -- he take it out of the envelope and take out he glass before read it . reggie I will bet you do not really need that . he hand she the glass and she look through they . reggie you need they . ( she hand they back ) adam ( read the letter ) it still do not make sense , but it be not worth any quarter of a million either . have we forget anything ? reggie the tooth powder . wait a minute -- could you recognize heroin just by taste it ? he shake some powder into he hand and taste it . reggie watch expectantly . adam heroin -- peppermint - flavor heroin . reggie well , I guess that 's it -- dead end . adam go to bed . you have get to be at work in the morning . there 's nothing more we can do tonight . reggie ( pause ) I love you , Adam . adam yes , you tell I . reggie no -- last time I say " I love you , Alex . " ext . UNESCO build -- establishing -- day the ultra-modern glass and concrete structure behind the ecole militaire . int . UNESCO conference room -- day several delegete identify by little plaque in front of they list they respective nation , and they aide , sit around the large table . they be all wear earphone . the italian delegate be speak . italian delegate -- di conseguenza , il governo Italiano ` decisamente a favore per l'incoraggiamento , in accordo con le tradizioni etniche rispettive delle culture basilari dei passi in via di sviluppo . per esempio , pregare i vietnamiti di aggiungere alle loro risaie ed be loro campi di soja tradizionali una raccolta di semola , non solo sconvolgerebbe le loro secolari tradizioni mar , oltre tutto , e questo ` molto importante per il governo che io ho l'onore di rappresentare disturberebbe l'esportazione delle derrate farinose italiane in questa parte del mondo . signori delegati vi ringrazio della vostra attenzione . int . reggie' booth -- day reggie , wear she headset , be talk with sylvie . reggie I hope Jean-Louis understand about last night -- it 's just not safe for he to be around I right now . sylvie do not be silly -- he would not do anything . he be not yet old enough to be interested in girl . he say collect stamp be much more satisfy to a man of he age . reggie hold it -- Italy just finish . they be recognize great Britain . sylvie oh la vache ! sylvie jump up and rush next door into she booth , shutting the door after she . int . conference room -- day the british delegate rise to speak , continue through the next scene . british delegate Mr. Chairman , fellow delegate -- my distinguished colleague from Italy . her majesty 's delegation have listen with great patience to the Southern european position on this problem , and while we find it charmingly state , we cannot possibly agree with its content . in 1937 , in the british colony of kenya , uganda and tanganyika -- and , if I be not mistaken , more or less in somaliland -- a programme of crop rotation be institute vis-à-vis arable land which have never before know the plough , beginning before the soil be able to know the sort of fatigue now plague most of western Europe . in 1937 , therefore , her majesty 's government -- at that time his majesty 's government -- be able to properly assay the situation . we therefore oppose the resolution . int . reggie' booth -- day the door from the hall open and adam enter . adam Reggie -- I think I have find -- ( stop ) be you on ? reggie no , it 's all right . what 's wrong , Adam ? adam nothing 's wrong . I think I find something . I be snooping around tex 's room and I find this in the waste basket . I have stick it back together . he hand she a paper . insert -- police receipt the one grandpierre give reggie . it have be tear in half and scotch - tape back together . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) it 's the receipt Inspector grandpierre give I -- for Charles 's thing . I do not see how that 's go to -- mo . shot -- reggie and adam adam you do not look . last night , when we go through the airline bag , something be miss . see -- ? ( show she the list ) " one agenda . " it be not there . reggie you be right . I remember grandpierre look through it . but there be nothing in it -- at least , nothing that the police think be very important . adam can you remember anything at all ? reggie grandpierre ask I about a appointment Charles have -- on the day he be kill . adam with whom ? where ? reggie I think it only say where -- but I can not -- adam think , Reggie , you have get to think -- it may be what we be look for . reggie that money 's not ours , Adam -- if we keep it , we will be break the law . adam nonsense . we do not steal it . there 's no law against steal steal money . reggie of course there be ! adam there be ? well , I can not say I think very much of a silly law like that . think , Reggie -- please think -- what be write in Charles ' notebook ? reggie well -- it be a place -- a street corner , I think . but I do not -- ( hearing something through she earpiece ) hold it . I be on . she turn back to the conference , flip a switch and start speak into she headset . reggie ( translate ) Mr. Chairman , fellow delegate -- my distinguished colleague from great Britain -- int . conference room -- day the french delegate be speak . french delegate monsieur le président , messieur les délégué -- mon distingué collègue de la Grande bretagne -- le problème vu par mon gouvernement n'est pas aussi simple que nos amis les anglais voudraient nous le faire croire . mais leur pay n'est pas , apr7 tout , un pay agricole , n'est - ce pas ? La position française , ainsi que nous l'avon soulignée dan le rapport numéro trente- neuf bar oblique cinquante - deux de la conférence de l'hémisphère occidental qui a eu lieu le 22 mar -- int . reggie' booth -- day reggie be busy translate . reggie as outline in report number three - nine-stroke- five - two of the western hemisphere Conference hold on March 22 -- ( she stop ) no wait ! it be last Thursday , five o'clock at the jardin des champ - Élysé ! Adam -- that be it ! the garden ! adam it 's Thursday today -- and it 's almost five -- come on ! mo . shot -- conference table from reggie' and adam' angle . all the delegete and they aide suddenly turn , surprised , and look at camera . reverse shot -- window from the delegate's angle . Inside the booth , reggie and adam can be see head for the door in a hurry . mo . shot -- conference table as the delegete look at one another , confuse . ext . guignol -- late afternoon two shot -- reggie and adam by the lock gate . reggie now what ? adam five o'clock -- Thursday -- the Garden -- it 's get to be something around here . reggie but Charles ' appointment be last week , not -- adam I know , but this be all we have get leave . reggie well , you be right there . ten minute ago I have a job . adam stop grouse . if we find the money I will buy you a international conference all you own . now start look . you take this side and I will poke around over there . various shot -- what they see a quick succession of shot show : 1 . Children 's merry-go-round 2 . Rond Point de champ - elysé with fountain play 3 . Children 's swing 4 . Restaurant Laurent 5 . balloon salesman ext . fountain -- late afternoon adam stand by the large fountain , stare off at something as reggie join he . reggie it 's hopeless -- I do not even know what we be look for . adam it 's all right -- I do not think tex do , either . reggie tex ? you mean he 's here , too ? adam look . mo . shot -- tex he stand near the merry - go-round , look at something in he hand : Charles ' agenda . now he close it and move off , disappear behind a hedge . two shot -- reggie and adam adam I would better see what he 's up to . stay here -- I will not be long . adam start off . reggie ( concerned ) be careful , Adam -- please . he 's already kill three man . deleted ext . rue gabriel -- late afternoon between the curb and the jardin , several temporary wooden booth have be set up . they have collect quite a crowd . into this area come tex , follow at a safe distance by adam . suddenly tex stop . deleted close shot -- tex as he stare wide - eye at something . close shot -- stamp neatly display on a counter of one of the booth . close shot -- tex as he wheel to look at another booth . close shot -- more stamp in another arrangement . close shot -- tex he turn crazily to look at another booth , then another . close shot -- even more stamp various flash shot of stamp of all size , shape and color . mo . shot -- tex as he understand . he turn to rush off and bump smack into adam . tex be startle . tex sorry , fella -- he rush off past adam , who watch he for a moment , confuse , then turn toward the booth , not yet have see the stamp . mo . shot -- booth from adam 's angle . there be one or two person stand at the booth . camera zoom in on the display of stamp . close shot -- adam adam ( amaze ) the letter . he quickly turn to find tex . mo . shot -- tex as he hop into the back of a taxi and it pull away from the curb . adam run toward another taxi . adam taxi ! -- taxi ! deleted int . HOTEL corridor -- third floor landing -- late afternoon as adam come up the stair and go to reggie 's door . whipping out he gun , he fling open the door . int . reggie' room -- late afternoon from adam 's angle . tex sit in the armchair , stare at camera . next to he be the airline bag , its content dumped on the floor . another angle include adam as he enter , he gun train on tex . without speak he go to the airline bag , then stoops down to go through the spill content , keep one eye all the time on tex . but he can not find what he 's look for . adam ( quietly ) all right -- where 's the letter ? tex the letter ? the letter be not worth nuthin' . adam you know what I mean -- the envelope with the stamp . I want it . tex ( a pause , then beginning to laugh ) you greenhorn -- you half - witted , thick -skull , hare - brain , greenhorn ! they wuz both too smart for we ! adam what be you talk about ? tex first she husband , now she -- she hoodwink you ! she bat all they big eye and you go and fall for it - like a egg from a tall chicken ! here ! ( hold out the envelope ) you want ? here -- it 's yours ! adam take it and look at it . insert -- envelope the corner contain the stamp be miss , tear off . mo . shot -- adam and tex tex see the expression on adam 's face and begin laugh , hysterically . tex look at you ! horn -swoggle by a purty face and all they sweet word ! you kill all three of them for nothin ' ! you greenhorn ! you block -headed jackass ! you clod -- you booby -- you nincompoop -- ! ext . rond point -- late afternoon reggie be look around for adam . she see something across the street . camera spin around to discover sylvie , sit alone on a bench near the stamp market , read a newspaper . mo . shot -- sylvie as reggie approach she . reggie sylvie -- ? what be you do here ? sylvie ( look up ) hello , Reggie -- I be wait for Jean-Louis . reggie ( look around ) what 's he up to ? sylvie he be so excited -- when he get the stamp you give he this morning . he say he have never see any like they . reggie I be glad . but what 's all this ? sylvie the stamp market , of course -- it be here every Thursday afternoon . this be where Jean-Louis trade he -- reggie ( as it dawns ) good Lord ! the stamp ! where be he ? sylvie -- we have get to find he ! sylvie what 's the matter , chérie ? reggie that stamp -- they be worth a fortune ! sylvie ( jump up ) what ? reggie a fortune ! hurry -- we have get to find he ! they rush off into the market . two shot -- reggie and sylvie as they stop among the booth , look around . reggie I do not see he . sylvie we will separate -- you look over there . they go off in opposite direction . mo . shot -- reggie as she hurry along a row of stall , weaving around small group of men stand together , show each other stamp . mo . shot -- sylvie search in another section of the market . sylvie ( call ) Jean-Louis -- ? mo . shot -- reggie spot a boy , she run to he and spin he around . reggie Jean-Louis ! but it be not . mo . shot -- sylvie look everywhere . suddenly she see something . close shot -- group of men -- there legs only a small boy 's elbow and part of he arm show , the rest hide by all the leg . mo . shot -- sylvie she recognize he from this fragment . sylvie Jean-Louis ! she rush to he , camera panning with her . jean -louis stand look at some stamp . sylvie grab he . sylvie Jean-Louis -- les timbrés -- où sont - il ? smiling , jean -louis hold up a enormous sack of assort stamp -- hundred of they . sylvie oh , zut ! ( call ) Reggie -- Reggie -- ! reggie run up and join they . reggie Jean-Louis -- thank heaven ! do you have -- ! ( spot the sack of stamp ) what 's that ? jean-louis a man trade with I -- all that for only four . reggie oh no ! what man , Jean-Louis -- where ? jean -louis look in one direction , then in the other , try to remember . sylvie vite , mon ange -- vite ! jean -louis là bas -- monsieur félix . they all run off down the line of booth . jean - louis stop and point off . jean-louis Il est là! mo . shot -- stamp booth close , desert , empty . mo . shot -- reggie , sylvie and jean -louis jean-louis but he be go . reggie I do not blame he . Jean-Louis -- do you know where this monsieur félix life ? jean -louis no -- but I will ask . he go to the close booth and shake the coat sleeve of the proprietor . jean -louis monsieur théophile -- théophile oui , jeune homme ? jean -louis monsieur félix , où habite - il ? théophile a Montmartre -- demande à monsieur August au bar des artistes -- place blanche . jean -louis merci , monsieur théophile . ( return to reggie and sylvie ) he say to ask monsieur August at the -- before he can finish , sylvie , who have hear théophile , have jean - louis by the hand , drag he off at full speed , reggie right alongside . deleted int . félix be room -- dusk a bare , unkempt little room . félix , a man in he sixty , sit at a table , smoking a pipe . there be stamp and album everywhere . he hold a magnify glass in he hand , busy study something on the table . there be a knock . he look up . another knock . félix entrez . the door open and reggie , follow by sylvie and jean - louis , enter . reggie monsieur félix -- ? félix ( without look up ) I be expect you . you be american too , of course . reggie ( look at sylvie ) yes . félix the man who buy they last week be american . I do not see he but I hear . I know you would come . he gesture for reggie to come closer . together with sylvie and jean - louis , she go to the table and look at the stamp . félix look at they , Madame . insert -- stamp four of they -- a red , a yellow , a blue , and a green , still attach to the portion of the tear envelope . félix ( o.s. ) have you ever , in you entire life , see anything so beautiful ? mo . shot -- reggie , félix , sylvie and jean -louis reggie I be -- I be sorry -- I do not know anything about stamp . félix I know they as one know he own face , even though I have never see they . this yellow one -- a swedish four shilling -- call ' De gula fyraskillingen ' -- issue in 1854 . reggie how much be it worth ? félix the money be unimportant . reggie I be afraid it be important . félix ( shrugging ) in you money , perhaps $ 65,000 . reggie do you mind if I sit down ? ( she sit ) what about the blue one ? félix it be call ' the Hawaiian Blue ' and there be only seven leave . in 1894 the owner of one be murder by a rival collector who be obsessed to own it . reggie what 's its value today ? félix in human life ? in greed ? in suffer ? reggie in money . félix forty -five thousand . reggie ( to sylvie ) do you have anything to eat ? ( to félix ) and the orange one -- what about the orange one ? félix a two -penny mauritius -- issue in 1856 . not so rare as the other -- $ 30,000 perhaps . reggie and the last one ? félix the best for the last -- le chef - d'oeuvre de la collection . the masterpiece . it be the most valuable stamp in the world . it be call ' the gazette guyanne . ' it be print by hand on color paper in 1852 and mark with the initial of the printer . ( look at it through the glass ) today it have a value of $ 100,000 . ( a pause ) eh , bien -- I be not a thief . I know there be some mistake . take they . reggie ( hesitate ) you give the boy quite a lot of stamp in return , monsieur félix -- be they for sale now ? félix ( look at the large bag ) let I see . there be 350 european , 200 asian , 175 american , 100 African and twelve princess Grace commemorative -- which come to nine francs fifty . reggie ( fishing money from she purse ) here 's ten . félix go to he wallet for the change . reggie please keep it . félix I be a tradesman , Madame , not a doorman . and do not forget this . he hand she the four stamp and she change . reggie I be -- I be sorry . close shot -- félix félix no . for a few minute they be mine -- that be enough . int . HOTEL corridor -- third floor landing -- night as reggie come hurry up the stair . she go first to adam 's room and knock . reggie Adam ? Adam ? it 's I , Reggie -- ! there be no answer . she go to she own door and , to she surprise , find it a inch or two ajar . int . reggie' room -- night as reggie enter . she freeze , have see something on the floor . mo . shot -- tex his dead body lie on the floor , the wrist of he extend arm tie to the leg of the bed , he ankle to the steam radiator . and tie around he head be a plastic , transparent bag , inside of which the suffocate man 's face , the eye bulg against the plastic cling tight to he feature , can be see all too clearly . reggie enter the shot , bend down to see if he 's alive . then she see something beside he hand near the leg of the bed . close shot -- carpet with he die effort , tex have trace a name against the grain of the maroon carpet -- ' dyle . ' close shot -- reggie astonish and horrify . reggie ( gasp ) dyle -- wider angle as she get to she foot and hurry to the phone . reggie ( on the phone ) hello -- balzac 30 - 04 , s'il vous plait -- ( wait ) Mr. bartholomew ! thank God you be there ! tex be dead , Mr. bartholomew -- smother -- and Adam do it -- he kill they all ! int . bartholomew's apartment -- night bartholomew , he face lather for a shave , be on the phone . bartholomew just a minute , Mrs. lampert -- you would better give that to I slowly . who 's Adam ? int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) the one who say he be dyle 's brother -- of course I be sure -- tex write the word ' dyle ' before he die . he 's the murderer I tell you -- he 's the only one leave ! you have get to do something ! int . bartholomew's apartment -- night bartholomew ( on the phone ) calm down , Mrs. lampert -- please . do he have the money ? int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) no , I do -- it be the stamp on that letter Charles have with he on the train . they be in plain sight all the time , but no one ever bother look at the envelope . int . bartholomew's apartment -- night bartholomew ( on the phone ) the envelope -- imagine that . Mrs. lampert , listen to I -- you be not safe as long as you have get this stamp . go to the embassy right away -- wait , I would better meet you halfway -- it 's quick . now , let 's see -- do you know the center garden at the palais Royal ? -- yes , by the colonnade -- as soon as you can get there . hurry , Mrs. lampert . int . reggie' room -- night reggie ( on the phone ) yes , I be leave now -- goodbye . she hang up , look briefly at tex 's body , shudder , then hurry to the door . int . HOTEL corridor -- third landing -- night as reggie leave she room and go to the elevator . she press the button , then notice it be in use . she go to the stair and start down . int . HOTEL staircase -- night between the landing . the stair curve around the open elevator shaft . as reggie come down the stair , the cage rise into view . Inside be adam . for a moment , she stop and they eye meet . adam Reggie -- the stamp -- what have you do with --? reggie start run downstairs . adam where be you go ? wait ! adam push the emergency stop button and then start the cage down . adam Reggie ! int . HOTEL corridor -- second landing -- night as reggie come off the stair , pass the elevator gate and start down toward the lobby , the cage a few foot behind she . adam Reggie ! int . HOTEL corridor -- first landing -- night as reggie continue to run . int . HOTEL stairway -- night between the first landing and the lobby . reggie run , the elevator follow . adam Reggie -- stop ! reggie why ? so you can kill I too ? tex be dead , I have see he ! he say dyle do it ! adam I be not dyle -- you know that ! reggie but tex do not -- he still think -- ! adam do not be a idiot ! int . HOTEL lobby -- night reggie reach the lobby first and , without hesitation , race toward the front door and out . the confuse hotel manager behind the desk can only stare in surprise . the elevator , adam inside , have not yet reach the bottom . adam Reggie -- ! I want that stamp ! ext . HOTEL lobby -- night a taxi stand by the curb . reggie leave the hotel and run to it . reggie ( indicate the direction ) palais Royal -- vite ! calmly , the driver point to the little print sign on he windshield read " italie . " driver ( point the other way ) Porte d' italie , moi . reggie mais c'est try vite ! on veut I teur ! driver ( shaking he head ) italie . she look around and see adam come out of the hotel and straight toward she . she turn and run off toward the place St. Michel . ext . place ST . michel -- night as reggie come to the corner . she stop , see the métro station ( " St. Michel " ) and rush to it , scamper down the stair . adam be behind she . int . ST . michel métro station -- night reggie come fly down the stair and run past the ticket booth , fishing in she bag for she carnet ( booklet of ticket ) , casting a quick look behind she . camera pan quickly to adam just come off the stair , who run after she . deleted int . métro ticket gate -- night reggie get to the gate ahead of adam and manage to crowd in front of some other about to pass through . barely stop , she hold out she ticket to the guard to be punch , then head down the platform , still run . adam get to the gate but the guard stop he as he try to pass through . guard billet , monsieur . adam ( breathless ) I do not want to go anywhere -- I be only try -- guard ( point off ) billet , monsieur . adam try to look past he , to see reggie , but give it up and go back toward the ticket booth , on the run . int . métro passageway -- night camera leading reggie as she run -- the passageway be nearly empty . her footstep echo against the tile and concrete wall . close shot -- passageway wall ( traveling ) the jumble of advertising poster as it pass rapidly , form a move band of letter , woman , cartoon and color . int . métro passageway -- night reggie stop and pause for a moment at a sign indicate two different direction , a arrow for each . " direction : pte d'orlean pte do clignancourt ------- " choose " clignancourt , " she run off . camera pan sharply , 180 degree , to pick up adam round the corner in hot pursuit . int . métro platform -- night reggie start down the platform , look behind she every few step . suddenly she look up in surprise -- there , across the track on the opposite platform be adam . he have evidently make the wrong turn back in the passageway . they stare at each other for a moment . then the bell ring , announce the arrival of a train . adam turn , run back through the exit behind he . not know what to do , reggie look into the darkness of the tunnel . the approach train can be hear . reggie ( to herself ) come on -- please -- she turn to look at the gate -- slowly , the pneumatic door start to close . as it do , the train roar into the station . int . métro passageway -- night the gate can be see slowly close . adam run to it , try to force it back but cannot . finally , he jump up and , commando style , vault over it . int . métro platform -- night reggie be just enter the red center car ( the two on either side be dark green ) . adam run for the red car and just manage to make it as the door shut in unison , the latch fall with a concerted click and the little whistle blow to inform the motor- man to depart . the train start to move . int . métro car -- night the entire length of the car separate adam and reggie . for a moment , they eye meet , then adam start to weave he way past the other passengers , on he way to she . suddenly , he be stop . adam turn to see a train guard . train guard billet , monsieur . adam show he he yellow ticket and start past he , but again the train guard stop he . train guard vous ute dan le premier classe , monsieur . adam what ? train guard ( heavy accent ) this car be for first class only -- you have a second - class ticket . adam but that 's what they give I . he try to pull away from the train guard and find himself stare into the serious face of a gendarme . gendarme monsieur -- ? adam look at the gendarme , then at reggie . int . " palais - royal " métro platform -- night as the train pull in and come to a stop . int . métro car -- night the gendarme open the door for adam and escort he out . adam turn once more to look at reggie as he go . she remain in the car . int . métro platform -- night the gendarme gesture for adam to enter the green , second - class car behind the red , first - class one . reluctantly , adam do . int . métro car -- night as adam enter and go to the door through which he can see reggie in the car ahead . she be go . move quickly , he return to the exit door and look at the platform . int . métro platform -- night from adam be p.o.v . she be hurry toward a exit mark " sortie . " another angle feature adam as he hurry from the car . he find he way block by five nun in large , white butterfly hat . it take he a few precious second to work he way around they . deleted int . métro sortie -- night reggie have enter a area lead to the exit . but as she reach the stairway lead up to the street level , she be confront with a iron grill barring she way . she try to open it , but it be firmly padlock . a sign hang on it read " fermé les weekend . " she turn , desperately look for some way out . int . métro platform -- night adam be off the train . he stand on the platform as the train door slam shut , the latch click , the whistle blow and the train pull out . he look around in all direction , look for some sign of reggie . he spot the exit mark " sortie " ( the same one use by reggie ) and start toward it . int . métro sortie -- night as adam enter the desert area . there be , miraculously , no sign of reggie . he go to the lock grill and try it , testing the padlock . camera pan to a phone booth ( solid door with a window in the upper half ) and we see reggie 's hand reach up to dial a number . int . phone booth -- night reggie sit on the floor of the booth , dial . reggie ( to herself , as she dial ) balzac 3 - 0 - 0 - 4 . she hold the receiver to she ear . the number can be hear ringing but no one answer . she hang up and reach for the phone book , leaf through its page . reggie Embassies -- embassy -- int . métro sortie -- night adam stand for a minute , look around , not know what to do . int . phone booth -- night reggie have finish dial she number and now push the button . it click loudly . reggie shh. ( into the phone , whisper ) american embassy ? Mr. bartholomew 's office , please -- Mr. bartholomew 's office -- int . embassy switchboard -- night a operator speak into a headset . operator could you speak out , please ? I can not quite hear you . int . phone booth -- night reggie ( on the phone ) no , I can not speak any louder -- Hamilton bartholomew -- B as in -- uh -- bartholomew -- that 's right , and the rest as in bartholomew ! int . embassy switchboard -- night operator ( on the phone ) I be sorry , but Mr. bartholomew have leave for the day . int . phone booth -- night reggie ( on the phone ) but someone 's try to kill I -- you have get to send word to he -- in the center garden of the palais Royal , by the colonnade -- tell he I be trap in a phone booth , below he in the métro station . and my name 's lampert . int . embassy switchboard -- night operator ( on the phone ) all right , Mrs. lampert -- I will see what I can do . Goodbye . she unplug the call , plug in another one and dial quickly . operator hello , Mr. bartholomew ? -- there be a call for you just now , Mr. bartholomew -- it sound quite urgent -- a Mrs. lampert . int . bartholomew's study -- night it be a man we have never see before , the physical opposite of the old bartholomew . real bartholomew lampert ? I do not know any Mrs. lampert -- trap in a métro station ? who do she think I be , the c.i.a .? all right , you would better call the french police . int . métro sortie -- night mo . shot -- phone booth . as reggie 's head appear , peek cautiously over the bottom of the window . reverse shot from inside the phone booth . through the glass adam can be see , leave the sortie area . mo . shot -- phone booth carefully , reggie open the door and come out . she go to the corner and look around it . int . métro platform -- night from reggie' p.o.v. as adam walk away from camera , down the platform . camera pan to reggie , peek around the corner . she look the opposite way , see another exit at the other end of the platform ( also mark " sortie " ) . she look back once more at adam , then make up she mind and start run towards the exit . mo . shot -- adam as the bell ring announce the next train . he turn to look and see reggie . adam ( call ) Reggie -- ! he take off , run after she . mo . shot -- reggie as she run , adam several yard behind she . adam ( in b.g. , call ) Reggie -- wait ! she turn into the exit . int . métro stairway -- night as reggie start up the long , steep flight of stone step lead to the street level . adam appear behind she , climb two at a time and gain . adam Reggie -- why will not you listen ? reggie I be through listen to you ! he be rapidly close the gap between they . it be clear that reggie be tiring . adam but I do not kill anybody . reggie then who do ? you be the only one leave . passersby , descend the stair , stand aside to let the two strange Americans pass , watch in wonderment . adam be only a few step behind now . adam Reggie -- please believe I ! reggie no ! as reggie wearily gain the top , adam lunge for she . he manage to grab she foot as he fall forward , but all he wind up with be a shoe which have come loose in he hand . reggie shriek , then regain she balance , continue run , limping in she one shoe . adam scramble to he foot and start after she again . int . métro ticket booth area -- night as reggie , still hobbling , run through and toward the stair , lead to the street . camera pan to adam , as he , too , run through . he be again several yard behind she . ext . place palais royal -- night as reggie come up the stair from the métro . she stop long enough to kick off she other shoe , then run across the street , ignore the traffic , toward the rue de valois ( which form one side of the palais Royal ) . adam be gain on she again . ext . palais royal courtyard -- colonnade -- night the smaller court at the comédie - française end of the palais garden , separate from the larger garden by a double peristyle consist of two twin row ( this separate from each other by a small marble court ) of twenty column each -- in all , eighty column . the only person in sight be the man we have know as bartholomew , wait at the far end of the column , look at he watch impatiently . then , from the rue de valois side of the palais , reggie run into the court . she spot " bartholomew " and fish in she bag for the stamp as she run , take they out and wave they . reggie Mr. bartholomew -- he 's chase I ! adam have run into the court and now skid to a stop at the near end of the colonnade as he spot " bartholomew . " reggie , still run , be halfway between the two man . " bartholomew " draw he gun but can not get a shot at adam , who have duck in among the column . adam Reggie -- stop ! that 's carson dyle ! this news hit reggie hard and she stop , in alarm . reggie ( breathless ) carson -- ? she look at " bartholomew , " then back at adam , who have draw he own gun . ( note : both " bartholomew " and adam be in among the stone column at opposite end of the colonnade , keep out of each other 's sight . reggie stand out in the open , the stamp in she hand , confuse as to which man she should go to ) . " bartholomew " ( calmly ) we all know carson dyle be dead , Mrs. lampert . adam it 's carson dyle , I tell you ! " bartholomew " you be not go to believe he , Mrs. lampert -- it 's too fantastic . he 's try to trick you again . reggie look at one , then the other , not know what to do . adam tex recognize he -- that 's why he say dyle . if you give he that stamp , he will kill you too ! reggie take a step toward adam . " bartholomew " Mrs. lampert -- if I be who he say , what 's prevent I from kill you right now ? reggie stop , turn back to " bartholomew . " adam because he would have to come out to get the stamp -- he know he would never make it . " bartholomew " what 's the matter with you , Mrs. lampert ? be you go to believe every lie he tell you ? he want the money for himself -- that 's all he 's ever want . reggie ( to adam , explain ) he 's -- with the c.i.a . -- I have see he at the embassy . adam do not be a fool ! he 's carson dyle ! " bartholomew " that 's right , Mrs. lampert -- I be a dead man -- look at I . reggie I do not know who anybody be any more ! adam Reggie -- listen to I ! reggie you lie to I so many time -- adam ( gently ) Reggie -- trust I once more -- please . reggie can I really believe you this time , Adam ? adam ( a pause ) there 's not a reason on earth why you should . she look toward adam for a moment , then back to " bartholomew " , then slowly start toward adam . reggie all right , Adam . " bartholomew " stop right now , Mrs. lampert , or I will kill you . reggie stop in alarm . adam it will not get you the stamp , dyle -- you will have to come out to get they , and I be not likely to miss at this range . " bartholomew " ( now call carson ) maybe not -- but it take a lot of bullet to kill I . they leave I there with five of they in my leg and my stomach -- they know I be still alive but they leave I . I spend ten month in a german camp -- with nothing to stop the pain and no food -- they be willing to take all this chance for the money , but not for I . they deserve to die ! mo . shot -- adam during the follow , he look around , look for some way out . reggie' voice ( o.s. ) but I do not have anything to do with -- carson' voice ( o.s. ) you have get the money . it belong to I now ! please believe I , Mrs. lampert -- I will kill you -- a little more blood will not matter . during this adam have move out from behind the column , creep cautiously across the open space between the two colonnade and finally , behind the second . mo . shot -- reggie and carson carson I will give you five to make up you mind , Mrs. lampert . she have see adam 's move from she angle , but do not know quite what to do . reggie wait , please ! I need some time to think ! carson one -- mo . shot -- adam as he slowly move along behind the second colonnade , he gun ready , try to get a angle on carson . carson' voice ( o.s. ) -- two -- suddenly adam stop -- he have catch sight of carson through the column . but he will have a difficult shot . carson' voice ( o.s. ) -- three -- close shot -- carson carson -- four -- camera pan down to he gun . as he finger tighten on the trigger and the hammer move slowly back . close shot -- reggie reggie Adam -- please ! mo . shot -- adam as he aim carefully and fire . close shot -- column as the bullet crease it . close shot -- carson as the deflect bullet rip the shoulder of he coat , leave he unharme . he wheel . mo . shot -- adam with carson in the b.g. , who fire at he . adam duck behind the column as the bullet hit it and scream off . quickly , he peer back out and throw another shot . mo . shot -- reggie see carson otherwise occupy , she turn and run toward the open stage door of the comédie française behind she . ( beside the door be a poster announce the forthcoming schedule of presentation . ) another angle include carson who , see reggie run to the door , turn and fire at she . but he be too late -- she be safely inside . carson look quickly back toward adam , then take off after reggie . mo . shot -- adam over he shoulder we see a break picture of carson run toward the theatre door , flash by the near and far column . adam try to get a shot at he , but can not . finally he run after he . int . comédie française -- backstage -- night as carson enter and slam the door behind he , lock it . int . comédie française -- stage door -- night adam arrive at the door , bang on it , then look around , frustrated . several yard away he see a short stairway lead down to a door below the street level . he run to it , try the door and enter . int . comédie française -- orchestra -- night as carson enter the auditorium and look around . carson be p.o.v. as the camera sweep the magnificent old theatre -- box , seat , stage , but there be no sign of reggie . another angle as carson walk up the aisle check between the row of seat . int . comédie française -- traproom -- night a large room , light by a single bare bulb , under the stage . adam appear , move cautiously , gun ready . he creep along next to the wall , look around at all the various scenic piece which fill the room . int . comédie française -- stage -- night as carson move carefully across the darken stage near the footlight , look for reggie . at mid-stage , camera pan down to he foot , only a few inch from the prompter 's box . Inside , huddle down , be a terrify reggie , hold she breath as she watch he . another angle as carson move into the opposite wing , see the light board and throw on all the switch . the stage be bath in light . he return to the stage . int . traproom -- night adam be look up , have hear the footstep on the stage over he head -- and hearing they now . he look around and see a narrow , curving staircase lead up . he go to it , and , start up , find a door . he try the knob -- the door be lock . int . prompter be BOX -- night reggie , cring back from the bright light , notice the doorknob turn . it make a slight click sound . int . comédie française -- stage -- night carson , upstage , look behind a piece of classic scenery , hear the doorknob and turn suddenly . carson be p.o.v. we catch a quick glimpse of reggie as she duck down out of sight . too late . close shot -- carson carson all right , Mrs. lampert . the game 's over . come out of there . wider angle reggie do not appear . carson I do not want to kill you , Mrs. lampert -- but I will -- int . traproom -- night adam come down the stair from the prompter 's box and look up at the ceiling . mo . shot -- ceiling it be divide into thirty - six square section , each numbered and lettere -- from 1a to 6f . they be trapdoor . mo . shot -- adam he look from the ceiling to a row of lever on one wall . close shot -- lever thirty -six of they , numbered and lettere to correspond to the trap . int . comédie française -- stage -- night as carson take a few step towards the prompter 's box , he gun ready . carson do you hear I , Mrs. lampert -- ? int . prompter be BOX -- night reggie huddle inside . int . traproom -- night adam be listen carefully , try to figure out where carson be stand , watch the ceiling . close shot -- trap it be mark C - 4. carson' voice ( o.s. ) I will not wait much longer , Mrs. lampert mo . shot -- adam as he turn to the lever and reach for the one mark C - 4 . he be about to pull it . int . comédie française -- stage -- night carson take a few more step forward . int . traproom -- night adam stop himself from pull the lever just in time . he let he hold breath escape . he look back at the ceiling . close shot -- trap the one mark C - 4 . as carson 's voice be hear , camera move to the next trap , mark D - 4 . carson' voice ( o.s. ) I know you be in there , Mrs. lampert -- mo . shot -- adam he look at the lever mark D - 4 . he be perspire heavily . now he slowly reach for the lever . int . comédie française -- stage -- night carson be about to move closer to the prompter 's box when suddenly the stage under he open and he plummet through out of sight . at the same time we hear a shot . close shot -- prompter's BOX as reggie slowly peer out . reggie' p.o.v. the empty stage , without be able to see the open trap from this low angle . mo . shot -- reggie as she climb out of the booth and , see the open trap now , run to it , look down through it . mo . shot -- OPEN trap from above , over reggie 's head . she can see carson sprawle on the floor below , face down and dead . adam stand beside the body , look up at reggie and smile . another angle as grandpierre and he two assistant , gun draw , walk onto the stage from the wing . they go to the open trap and look down at adam . grandpierre Mr. dyle -- you be under arrest for the murder of Charles lampert , herman scobie , Joseph penthollow , Leopold gideon , and whoever that be down there . adam be surprised , then shake he head . adam Reggie -- you would better tell he . he would not dare hit a girl . ext . rue do rivoli -- night as a taxi roll by the arcade , camera panning with it . int . taxi -- night ( process ) reggie and adam in the rear of the cab . reggie have one of she foot in she hand , shoe off , rub it . reggie you do not have to chase I so hard -- adam here , give it to I . he start to take the foot but she pull it back and offer he the other one . reggie that one 's do -- start on this one . he take the foot and begin rub it . reggie I be sorry I think you be the murderer , Adam -- how do I know that he be as big a liar as you be ? adam and that 's all the gratitude I get for save you hide . reggie the truth , now -- be it my hide -- or the stamp ? adam what a terrible thing to say . how could you even think that ? reggie all right , prove it to I -- tell I to go to the embassy first thing in the morning and turn in that stamp . adam say nothing . reggie I say , tell I to go to the -- adam I hear you , I hear you . reggie then say it . adam Reggie -- listen to I -- reggie never mind -- I will go by myself . adam what make you think they be even interested ? it 's only a quarter of a million -- it will cost more than that to fix up they bookkeeping . as a taxpayer -- ext . american embassy -- MAIN entrance -- day as reggie and adam approach the marine in full - dress uniform always on guard at the embassy . reggie ( to adam ) who 's a taxpayer ? crook do not pay tax . Excuse I , soldier -- marine Marine , mar 'am . reggie forgive I . whom would I see regard the return of steal government money ? marine you might try the treasury Department , mar 'am -- room 216 , second floor , Mr. cruikshank . reggie cruikshank , 216 . thank you , Marine . int . embassy corridor -- day feature a door mark " 216 . " reggie and adam appear . adam do you mind if I wait out here ? the sight of all that money be give away might make I break out . int . embassy treasury office -- day a secretary sit behind a desk . she look up as reggie enter . reggie Mr. cruikshank , please -- my name be lampert . the secretary pick up she phone and press a button . secretary Mr. cruikshank , a miss -- reggie Mrs. secretary -- a Mrs. lampert to see you -- yes sir . ( to reggie ) go right in . reggie go to the door lead to the private office . int . cruikshank's office -- day feature the door as reggie enter . she stop suddenly . another angle feature the desk . behind it sit adam ( now cruikshank ) . reggie stare at he , unbelievingly , then look around , confuse . by way of explanation he indicate the door to the hall . reggie ( blow up ) well , of all the mean , rotten , contemptible , crooked -- cruikshank crook ? I should think you would be glad to find out I be not crooked . reggie you could not even be honest about be dishonest . why do not you say something ? cruikshank we be not allow to tell . May I have the stamp , please ? reggie ( reach into she bag ) here -- ( hesitate ) wait a minute -- how do carson dyle get a office in here , anyway ? cruikshank when do you see he -- what time , I mean ? reggie around one . cruikshank the lunch hour . he probably work it out in advance . he find a office that be usually leave open and just move in for the time you be here . reggie then how do I know this be you office ? cruikshank ( pick up the phone ) Mrs. Foster -- send a memo to bartholomew at Security recommend that -- reggie bartholomew ? cruikshank -- recommend that all embassy office be lock during the lunch hour . reggie start with he own . cruikshank ( hang up ) okay , now -- hand over that stamp . reggie what 's you first name today ? cruikshank Brian . reggie Brian cruikshank -- it would serve I right if I get stick with that one . cruikshank who ask you to get stick with any of they ? reggie be there a Mrs. cruikshank ? cruikshank yes . reggie but you be -- divorced ? cruikshank no . reggie ( crestfallen ) oh. cruikshank my mother -- she life in Detroit . come on now -- give I that stamp . reggie only if you can prove to I that you be really Brian cruikshank . cruikshank how about if next week some time I put it on a marriage license -- that ought to -- reggie quit stalling -- I want to see some identification -- now ! cruikshank I would not lie on a thing like that -- I could go to jail . reggie you would lie about anything . cruikshank well , maybe we would better forget about it , then . reggie you can not prove it , can you ? you be still try to -- ( the coin drop into the slot ) marriage license ! do you say -- ? cruikshank I do not say anything . will you give I that stamp ? reggie you do too say it -- I hear you . oh , I love you Adam -- I mean Alex -- er , Peter -- Brian . I hope we have lot of boy -- we can name they all after you . cruikshank before we start on that , do you mind hand over the stamp ? fade out : the end bonus item -- lyric to the theme song of the film : charade Music by Henry mancini , word by johnny mercer when we play we charade we be like child pose , play at game , act out name , guess the part we play . oh , what a hit we make . we come on next to close best on the bill , lover until love leave the masquerade . fate seem to pull the string , I turn and you be go . while from the darken wing the music box play on . sad little serenade , song of my heart 's compose , I hear it still , I always will , best on the bill charade .