by Ed Solomon and John August current revision by Zak Penn early draft August 11 , 1999 charlie' angel - 8/18/99 fade in : ext . the big blue sky - day a virgin AIR 747 burst through the cloud and level off . int . virgin AIR 747 - day we move through the first CLASS cabin . it 's the regular mix of first class people : old money in gucci enjoy freshly baked cookie , a millionaire in jeans and a T - shirt , business people relax after a tough day , and ... ... a very nervous man . shifty -ey . alone in a aisle seat , the emergency row . we hold on he for a moment , but not for too long . then we continue move into -- the coach section stop at the lavatory , the " occupied " sign switch to " vacant " and ... jame earl jone ( or actually , a James Earl Jones type , who for ease of description , we will simply refer to as James Earl Jones ) step out of the restroom , in full African regalia : multi-color dashiki , mufti ( it 's a kind of hat ) , the work . he head up the aisle towards -- the first CLASS cabin where he be stop by a -- flight attendant I be sorry , sir . this cabin be restrict to first cl ... Mr. Jones now remove a first CLASS ticket . jame earl jone be this what you be look for ? she look at it -- a little confuse as to why he 's just hand it to she now -- but then she nod . as he pass : flight attendant oh , I be sorry . please . be there anything I can get you ? jame earl jone scotch , blend . straight . he continue into the first class cabin and toward -- charlie' angel - 8/18/99 2. the first CLASS emergency room where he slide in past the nervous , shifty - eye man ( he name be pasqual ) and sit by the window . after a moment , pasqual quietly clear he throat and lean , slightly , towards Jones . pasqual ( tentatively ) they say bird can not fly this high . jame earl jone they say only angel can . now pasqual nod . nervously begin to remove something from he pocket when they be interrupt by -- flight attendant shall I pour you scotch ? jame earl jone no -- I will take the bottle . thank you . she hand he the airplane-sized bottle -- he wave off the glass . she shrug , leave ... pasqual to resume what he be do . slowly , he remove a roll of cert . he look to Jones -- " well ? what about you end of the bargain ? " from within he dashiki , Jones pull out a black velvet pouch . he hand it to pasqual , who open it to find diamond . a helluva lot of diamond . pasqual smile . he hand the roll of cert to Jones . it 's not breath candy at all , but a tiny roll of explosive , with a tiny , high - tech trigger mechanism . jame earl jone ah , c- 5 . the most dangerous explosive material ever invent . hard to believe that this little contraption could blow up ten city block . pasqual be careful with it , huh ? both man smile . pasqual 's very relieved that the deal be do . then suddenly , the light blink out . pasqual look around , nervous . but it 's just the in - flight movie beginning . Cloud , and a woman hold a torch . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 3. continued : Columbia picture present ... David spade and Adam sandler in " bosom buddy : the movie . " James Earl Jones shake he head , roll he eye . jame earl jone another movie from a old tv show ? pasqual well , what be you gonna do ? jame earl jone walk out . pasqual that 's very funny . but James Earl Jones be dead serious . jame earl jone no . it be not . Jones grab pascal in a headlock and turn toward the back of the plane , shouting : jame earl jone ( cont 'd ) everyone ! fasten you seat belt ! now Jones do the unthinkable . holding pasqual tight , he yank open the emergency door release . with a rush , the cabin decompress . panic erupt as air , paper and everything not belt in scream out of the open door , include -- ext . the big blue sky - falling away from the 747 - day -- James Earl Jones , still hold pasqual in a bear hug . they plummet , wind violently tear at they . pasqual 's frantic scream doppler quite nicely . dropping with they they continue to fall , gain speed . pasqual be terrify , but Jones do not seem worried . in fact , casually , he glance at he watch , and then look -- far below they - across the sky at the tiny black speck gradually grow larger in the distance ... charlie' angel - 8/18/99 4. closer - on that black speck it 's a jet helicopter . its door open , and now a skydiver leap out , helmet down , arm back , streaking across the sky in aerodynamic perfection , head directly towards jone and pasqual who be still plummete toward the earth at terminal velocity . Jones begin to let go of pasqual , who scream and try to clutch onto he , desperate . jame earl jone ( over the rush wind ) pull yourself together . we have company . pasqual what ? suddenly -- whommppph !! -- the skydiver spread-eagle , stop the wild dive directly behind pasqual , and immediately bind he arm and strap a parachute on he . all three be still free-falling . James Earl Jones nod at the skydiver who , even under the helmet and goggle , be clearly a beautiful woman . meet alexandra " alex " munday , one of Charlie 's angel . she 's a sultry bombshell -- a classic femme fatale -- only she 's play for the good guy . she give James Earl Jones a wink , then jerk pasqual 's rip cord and -- whoomph . pasqual 's chute deploy . he fly upward , leave -- Alex and James Earl Jones , both still fall . below the ocean scream up at they . not much time leave . James Earl Jones pull he belt -- and he mufti fly up . it 's actually a tiny drogue chute , deploy he entire dashiki . his outfit hide a parachute rig . Alex pull she own rip cord and -- whoomph -- she chute unfurl , and now ... Alex and James Earl Jones gently float towards -- ext . the big blue sea - day a cigarette boat float through the choppy water , a gorgeous young woman expertly throttling up the growl V - 8 . say hello to natalie thompson , Charlie 's second angel . at a glance , she 's the brainy - shy girl next door . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 5 . continued : but put she behind the wheel of any vehicle , and she 's unstoppable . Natalie glance ahead , maneuver the boat perfectly under Alex , who drop on deck . Alex gather she chute , then whip off she helmet to give she cascade mane a wild shake . here come James Earl Jones . Natalie gun the boat underneath ... a perfect catch . Alex help he with he dashiki-chute , and then all three look up ... here come pasqual . Natalie whip the boat around , catch he as he helplessly drop into the seat , still bound , still scared out of he wit . he gape wild - eye at the two angel , then whirl on James Earl Jones . pasqual you crazy bastard ! jame earl jone I think you mean crazy bitch . with that , James Earl Jones reach up and pull he face off . latex rip free , and stand there ( without he dashiki , James Earl Jones have a great figure ) be ... ... stunningly beautiful dylan sander , angel number three . she 's the wild one . pasqual 's jaw drop as Dylan shake she hair free , then reach in she mouth -- dylan ( still with James Earl Jones ' voice ) do not need this anymore . -- and extract a voice- modify chip . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( now in she real voice ) but I sure could use this . and she pull from she pocket the airplane- size bottle of johnnie Walker Black . she twist it open and downs it . dylan ( cont 'd ) damn I hate to fly . ext . beach dock - day now , men in " FBI " windbreakers haul pasqual away , two of they carefully handle the cert -explosive . a harmless fellow push he way past they and onto the dock . it 's JOHN bosley , Charlie 's lieutenant . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 6. continued : he reach the boat , which Natalie tie off while Alex and Dylan neatly fold they parachute . bosley well , angel , the experimental explosive be back in the hand of the government , and the free world can breathe just a lit-tle bit easier tonight , thanks to you three . Alex , Natalie and Dylan stroll from the dock onto the sand , each start to unzip / unbutton / unsnap they action gear and hand it to bosley as they continue walk . natalie and thanks to you , too , Bos . alex we could not have redirected the flight path without you help . bosley puff , proud . he speak over the ever-grow pile of chute , body suit , goggle , the dashiki ... bosley nothing a little teamwork can not do . at least , that 's what Charlie 's always tell we , right lady ? dylan Charlie will be join we , will not he ? bosley he send he regret . but he want you to know that dinner be on he , so feel free to celebrate . by now , the angel have stripped off all of they equipment , revealing eye-popping evening gowns . alex if it 's on Charlie , we will . the angel share a laugh as they arrive in they sassy dud at a private beach club , where a waiter greet they with a tray of champagne flute . they each take a glass , turn to each other and raise they . another angel mystery ... case close . freeze frame . and the title sequence begins ... charlie ( v.o. ) once upon a time ... ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 7. continued : three FOURTH grade school photo fill the frame , side by side by side . this be three very different girl . natalie , with a page - boy cut and wear a Catholic schoolgirl 's uniform , sport glass and brace ; a bit awkward and gangly , even shy . alex , formally dress with perfect pig-tail , be sophisticated and self - possess ; a class act , even at ten . dylan , wild blond hair and fade T-shirt , have a jade , street - wise smirk ; even at this young age , she isolation and disillusionment be mask by seem confidence . charlie ( cont 'd ) ... there be three very different little girl . the triptych remain on screen . now it shift into : video tape - the three girl ( still in triptych ) now teenager , on home video . natalie , work the a-v equipment at school , hide she face in embarrassment , uncomfortable with the camera . freeze . alex , in riding gear , accept she steeple - chase trophy . she know where to look for the camera . freeze . dylan , smoking with she tough - girl friend in the girl ' room of she reform school , be catch on camera . she flip it off . freeze . charlie ( cont 'd ) who grow up into three very different woman . triptych continue they're all women now , in they early twenty . natalie , a research fellow at MIT ( and beautiful , but not flaunt it ) demonstrate a chess - play computer program to a room of impressed advisor . alex , valedictorian at Oxford , passionately deliver she address to a crowd of rapt student , faculty and parent . dylan , in leather and a helmet , step off a harley . she see a punk with a mohawk slapping around he girlfriend . she deck he , then enter the back door of a seedy punk bar . charlie ( cont 'd ) with three thing in common ... charlie' angel - 8/18/99 8. triptych end with photograph again . the woman , as they be now : Natalie , Alex , Dylan . all gorgeous , all self - assure . charlie ( cont 'd ) they be brilliant . they be beautiful . and they work for I . now , fireball explosion completely fill the screen . charlie ( cont 'd ) my name be Charlie . angel silhouettes appear , in flame . New music kick in . " charlie' angel " ... and a new title sequence take over : various shot : montage ( over music ) credit continue as we watch the angel in action ( from , presumably , previous adventure ... ) -- a microscope- peer Natalie cut a ruby , drop it in a laser housing , shoot a red beam . -- Dylan , wield kendo stick , spar with two yakzuza . -- Alex side - kick two bad , spin , drop a third . zoom back : she be at the parthenon . -- a motocross race . Natalie dig in for the finish , attack the last jump with gusto . -- Dylan , in traditional Islamic robe , find a secret switch . she push back a bookcase to reveal secret stair . -- at a ballroom dance competition , Alex wow the crowd while keep she eye on a nefarious couple . -- bosley , as " luka , the bad ass pimp , " bitch - slap a couple of " ho 's " -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then wink at they as unsuspecting drug dealer back off , scared . -- Natalie bite into a messy hot -dog , have to just laugh . -- the three angel elbow they way through a roller - derby match . -- in orange prison jumpsuit , Alex and Dylan work in female chain -gang . -- window - washer Natalie peer into a skyscraper office , surreptitiously photograph the meeting inside . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 9. continued : -- on a italian street , the three angel buy a paper , grin at the headline , " mystery woman save european Union . " as they high - five , Dylan 's cone of gelato drop to the sidewalk . the angel look at it , look at each other ... and just have to laugh . title sequence end . over black we hear a digital ring ... int . tiny houseboat bedroom - day close on Dylan as she wake up in a tangle of ugly sheet , disorient and a bit hungover . she hear the ringing -- where be it come from ? why be it drilling into she head ? check the floor , she find she jeans . dig in the pocket to find she cell phone . answer ... dylan hi. ( recognize voice ) hi. okay . I will be right in . she click the phone off , then start look around . where the fuck be she ? from the next room , we hear a male voice sing " my sharona . " she check under the sheet . oh God . she 's naked . she pull she shirt from the floor , put it on . close she eye , she pray ... dylan ( cont 'd ) not he . not he , not he , not he . the voice ' Morning starfish . dylan oh God no . at the door , skinny shirtless chad hold a skillet of egg . chad hungry ? ext . chad' crappy boat - day blind by the daylight , Dylan emerge from below , relieved to see the boat be dock . Chad follow she outside , plead ... chad c'mon Dylan . you + me. it 's magic . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 10 . continued : dylan it 's a mistake . a horrible , horrible mistake . she jump onto the dock . chad then how come we keep get back together ? it 's fate . Dylan just keep walk . chad ( yell after ) be it because I live on a boat ? whip to : closeup - man' face this be Jason gibbon , handsome , action - movie stud . he 's concentrate fiercely . alex ( o.s. ) if you do not defuse this bomb , Logan , L.A. 's go to be a new underwater attraction . a bead of sweat drop down Jason 's face . jason get off my back , sanchez . I know what I be do . reveal alex , she face right next to he . alex which wire ? the red one or the blue one ? jason marix have a thing for red . Red car , red boat , red-headed hooker . alex so the red one . jason that 's why I be gonna say blue . he make a " snip " motion . they both breathe a sigh of relief . alex you save the world again , Logan . she lean forward , closer and closer , right in he face . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 11 . continued : jason that 's my job . Alex kiss he . it 's a damn good kiss . Jason 's into it , but pull away for a second . jason ( cont 'd ) I do not think sanchez would kiss I . he 's a forty - year - old man . pull back to reveal ... alex and jason be in a fully mack out airstream , sit on a bed , lean over a open screenplay . we can tell from we surroundings that Jason be a big deal Hollywood action star , and this trailer be he home away from home . she lick the bridge of he nose , then kiss he again . alex let 's have it rewritten . as she smile , a cell phone ring . both Alex and Jason reach for they phone . it 's hers . alex ( cont 'd ) hello ? ext . jason's airstream - day Jason stand in the doorway in he robe as Alex toss she stuff in the back of a very excellent car . jason so when you come back ? alex not sure . whenever I can . I will call you . jason oh , great , that 's helpful . ( watch she prepare to go ) I do not get it , what kind of executive assistant be on 24 hour call ? alex a very good one . jason you ask I , you boss be a asshole . ( beat ) when do I get to meet this Charlie guy , anyway ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 12 . continued : alex Charlie 's not very social . jason yeah , well I think you should quit . alex Charlie need I . jason I need you . Alex look back -- that be more personally revealing than she expect . a p.a. come up next to Jason . p.a. Mr. gibbon ? we be ready for you on the set . Jason nod , then back to Alex . jason I gotta go save the world . Alex smile at the irony of that . alex my hero . she blow he a kiss and speed off . ext . beach apartment walkway - day Natalie knock on the door to 113 . a beat later , the door swing open to reveal bob . Natalie scream in astonishment . bob ( freak ) what ! Natalie , what ? natalie I think you be dead . she push past he . int . bob' apartment - day Natalie make a beeline for he key on the table . start take one key off the ring . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 13. continued : natalie I think the police might be here . or you neighbor . or you parent , here to identify you remain . he have no idea what she 's talk about . she go to the bathroom , where she retrieve a toothbrush . natalie ( cont 'd ) I see you car be here , so I know you be not carjack and brutally beat , leave to die on the highway . her cell phone ring . bob I be not ... she hold up a finger , just a sec . natalie ( answer phone ) hello . absolutely . I will be right in . she hang up . bob I be not dead . natalie but you can understand why I think so . you miss we date last night . you do not call or anything . I be just sit there by myself . angle on Bob . what can he say ? natalie ( cont 'd ) I can tolerate a lot , but punctuality and attendance , that rank very high in my list of dating priority . bob I can explain . behind Natalie , a door open . a topless blonde look out . blonde Bobby ? bob ( to Natalie ) I can explain . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 14 . continued : behind the blonde , isaac haye look out . he 's also topless . isaac haye Bobby ? bob damn . Beyond weird out , Natalie just leave . CUT to : ext . sunset boulevard - day pass car reveal the one and only charle townsend detective agency . that 's what the sign say . int . charle townsend detective agency - day in foreground , a blender whirr . still hungover , Dylan cringe from the sound . Natalie pour out three fruit smoothies for the angel . natalie just once , I want to date a normal man , without a wife , or a drug addiction , or bondage issue . dylan here here . she and Natalie toast . Alex be only half - in . off they look ... alex what ? I have get a great relationship . dylan you boyfriend think you be a secretary . alex that way , he do not ask about my work . bosley walk in with a folder . he eye they drink . natalie I be sorry , bosley . I only make enough for three . bosley no , that 's ... that 's okay . it 's not okay , but that 's we bosley . he take he seat behind he desk . now we see the biggest addition to the office , the angel Wall of Fame . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 15 . continued : picture of every angel , from the original cast member to some fictitious one we have never see before . the rest of the office be exactly as we remember it , right down to the speakerphone . charlie' voice good morning , angel . angel ( sing -songy ) good morning , Charlie . the angel take a seat on couch and chair . charlie' voice I be sorry to call you back from vacation , but we have get a case that just can not wait . as he 's talk , the far blind close themselves . a white screen lower from the ceiling , ready to catch the project video : a handsome man in he 20' in a CNN profile . the sound be mute , be we see he attend a gala ; in a office surround by computer ; rock climb ; smile in a sit-down interview . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) meet Eric knox . natalie he 's cute . bosley he be . oops , do bosley say that out loud ? charlie' voice he 's 28 - year old , and in three day he will be a billionaire , when he company , knox Technologies , go public . dylan it 's good to be he . alex so what 's the catch ? charlie' voice last night , knox be kidnap from he own office . on video : surveillance camera footage of a parking garage . two men in hood shove knox into black car . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 16 . continued : natalie any ransom ? charlie' voice no one 's hear a thing from the kidnapper . a woman' voice they do not want money . they just want to sink we company . a strike woman in a suit stand in the doorway . charlie' voice angel , meet vivian Wu , vice president of finance for knox Technologies . she 's hire we to find knox . vivian wu ( enter ) the initial public offer be in three day . if we do not get Mr. knox back , or if word get out that he 's miss , the company stand to lose a billion dollar . she seem to direct this next sentence right to Natalie . vivian wu ( cont 'd ) we need you help . alex Charlie , where do we start ? charlie' voice Alex , I want you and bosley to stake out Roger corwin . bosley be excited to hear he name mention . on video : Roger corwin . he 's a unpleasant - look man , who 's even nastier when he try to smile . we see logo for he company , Red Star system charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) for the past year , he 's be try to buy knox 's company and they new browser software . knox refuse to sell . his company , Red start system , have the most to gain from knox 's disappearance . alex kidnap the founder and you sink the company . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 17 . continued : charlie' voice exactly , Alex . let 's keep we eye on Mr. corwin , angel . if knox be still alive , corwin might lead we to he . dylan we be on it . natalie any chance you can join we , Charlie ? CUT to : charlie' Pov we see he chalky finger grab into a hand hold . we be halfway up the face of yosemite 's El capitan -- the ground be hundred of foot below . charlie ( o.s. ) I would love to , angel , but I have get my hand full this morning . two beautiful and buxomly climbing buddy smile at he . wipe to : ext . palm spring spa - day establish ... ext . spa deck / outside walkway - day built into the Palm Springs Hills , this very exclusive spa have a fantastic view of the desert . dress in a crisp spa uniform , Alex have a sidebar with a white - robe bosley . she show he a tiny electronic device shape like a bullet . alex this be a transmitter . I will be able to hear everything you say . bosley where do I hide it ? ( lean close ) I will be nude . Alex take a plastic cup , drop the transmitter into it . cover it over with ice chip from a nearby bucket . bosley nod , clever . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 18 . continued : alex try to get corwin to talk about the industry , knox , anything . bosley understood . she point he in the direction of the men' spa . but he 's freeze with excitement . bosley ( cont 'd ) I be go undercover . alex I know . you will do great . int . men' steam room - day a burst of steam clear , revealing bosley . he waddle forward in he shower clog , which squish with every step . he 's wear two towel : one around he waist , and a second around he chest . as more steam dissipate , we see there be seven men sit on the riser . six be gorgeous , range from calvin klein model to marlboro Men . bosley look around , take a keen interest . maybe he 's check they out , maybe he be not . we just do not know . the seventh man be roger corwin , who we recognize from the videotape . he 's lean forward , a gold chain dangle . it 's beside he that bosley take a seat . he set the ice cup -- and the transmitter -- in a strategic location . notice that none of the other man have towel around they bosom , bosley nervously undoe he , revealing skin the color of cook salmon . he fluff up he sparse chest hair , then decide to smush it back down . he try to make eye contact with corwin , work way too hard . annoy , corwin finally look over . bosley hot in here , be not it ? corwin shake he head , idiot . bosley ( cont 'd ) just come here to unwind a little . Business this day be go go go . my company just hold a initial pubic offer . yes , he say " pubic . " he 's about to correct himself when a very hot guy across from he move he towel to wipe off ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 19 . continued : some sweat . we do not see the promise land , but bosley do . it fluster he . he see another guy eat ice chip . good idea . bosley do the same . he eat another . and another . bosley ( cont 'd ) ( re-compose ) so , what business be you in ? corwin seem wary , but bosley be clearly harmless . corwin Computers . Software . bosley Computers , hunh ? what do you know about this new browser from knox Technologies ? corwin bristle at the mention . bosley ( cont 'd ) Word on the street be , once they raise capital , they will rule the industry . corwin I do not see that happen . bosley really ? why not ? the door open , a rush of steam . adonis himself enter . pick a seat behind bosley , he pull off he towel as he pass . we just see a bit of ass , but bosley be face - to - face with the babymaker . one ice chip be not go to do it . he chug the rest of he cup , include the transmitter which bleep . corwin and other look over . what the hell be that ? the device still in he mouth , bosley have no choice but to smile and swallow . his eye go wide as he choke it down . corwin get up to leave . bosley ( cont 'd ) Nice talk with you . another bleep . he shut he mouth tight . smile . rub he chest a bit , try to get the transmitter down . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 20 . int . private massage room - day corwin walk into a lushly - appoint private massage room . a masseuse dress in a skimpy robe , she back to we , oil up she hand sensuously near the window . masseuse ( german accent ) please to take off clothes , Mr. corvin . corwin get under the sheet , on he stomach . the masseuse turn around , and now we see that it 's Alex . Alex start to work on he back . she be clearly a expert at this . this be a legit place , but there 's something undeniably sensual about the whole experience . alex you be carry a lot of tension along ze fourth und fifth vertebrae . let I see if I can vork it out . under the table , we look up to see corwin 's face in the cradle . he 's in a torture rapture . Alex work along corwin 's back and neck . she pull he arm out to the side . alex ( cont 'd ) the human body be a amazing instrument . just by activate ze right energy point , you can improve ze circulation , alleviate pain , or ... corwin go limp . alex ( cont 'd ) ( lose the accent ) ... knock a man unconscious . confident corwin be out cold , she slide the key strap off he wrist . int . executive locker room - day make sure she 's alone , Alex use the key to open a locker . she carefully sort through corwin 's thing , find he Palm Pilot organizer . she click it into a special device , which blip as it download all he information . put the Palm Pilot away , she shut the locker . int . massage room - day close on corwin as he suddenly wake up , disorient . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 21 . continued : just when we think Alex 's plan have fail , we tilt up to see Alex be right there . she 's massage he . alex you must have doze off . a beat . yeah , he must have . a patent angel flip lead we to ... CUT to : int . natalie' excellent convertible - day the angel be all in the car together , cruise down sunset boulevard . Dylan drive , Alex in the passenger seat , Natalie in the back seat with she computer on she lap . natalie can you not drive my car so fast , dyl ? I be try to type . dylan ( to Alex , under she breath ) I drive too fast . look who 's talk . she pull into a in not out Burger , right up to the drive through . dylan ( cont 'd ) Three double double , animal style . fries . Three chocolate shake . while they wait for they order , Natalie punch something up on she computer . natalie here 's corwin 's itinerary . onscreen -- we see a list of all corwin 's plan for the next week . two event in particular stand out : tuesday night -- investor reception , biltmore HOTEL thursday -- san diego raceway Dylan glance over the schedule . dylan alright , we will hit the reception tonight . I only wish we have a clue to go on . the food come , Dylan take it . natalie hold that think . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 22 . continued : Natalie go back to the computer again , slip a CD into the drive . Dylan hand out the food , spilling a lot of it . a big glop of chocolate shake land on the keyboard . natalie ( cont 'd ) uh , hello ? expensive equipment . dylan sorry . Natalie lick the shake off she finger , tape away at the keyboard . natalie check this out . New program I just get from a friend in the Bureau . we take that footage from the kidnap ... on screen , the footage download from the CD , into the program . Natalie fast forward through it until she come to a shot of one of the kidnapper where he mask be partly pull away from he face . natalie ( cont 'd ) ... isolate the part of the suspect 's face that 's reveal , then retriangulate he bone structure ... the program zoom in on the reveal part of he face , then run a series of calculation . a new draw start to appear . natalie ( cont 'd ) ... and voila ! we have get a composite . Natalie 's portable printer spit out a simulate composite of one skinny , bad -look dude . Dylan grab it , look it over . dylan sweet . now we have get someone to look for . she hand it to Alex to inspect . alex oh yeah . he will be easy to spot with that open head wound . she turn the composite around , revealing that Dylan have smudge he head with ketchup . they all just have to laugh . wipe to : charlie' angel - 8/18/99 23 . int . biltmore ballroom - day a sophisticated reception be in full swing , a ocean of smart suit and power tie . dress as a catering waitress , Natalie carry a tray of hor d'oeuvre . moving with she , we pass roger corwin , who talk with another suit , and further on , a conservatively - dress dylan who chat up a group of wall STREET type . dylan the average investor see technology stock as discrete entity , " this one be up 50 point , this one be down 10 . " it 's only through derivative analysis that one see the real power of that sector . a few nod . she make a good point . broker guy which analysis method do you prefer ? on Dylan . shit . she try to stall ... dylan well , there be so many option . I mean , who can say what the one best choice be ? across the room still walk , Natalie talk to no one ... natalie keppler-wilson . back with dylan dylan for my money , keppler - Wilson be a strong choice . more nod , ad-libbed agreement . the broker guy be impressed . excuse herself , Dylan turn and subtly touch she ear , where she 's wear a hide radio . dylan ( cont 'd ) thanks . at the bar Natalie load champagne flute onto she tray . natalie anytime . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 24 . continued : man' voice ( o.s. ) anytime what ? she look up to see a very cute bartender , pete ( 26 ) . she do not realize he be so close . natalie ( cover ) anytime , day or night , I be ... excited ... to be hand out champagne . oh God . what do she just say ? but he smile anyway . she head back out into the crowd . you can almost see the big L on she forehead . by the fountain Dylan have be watch this . we intercut between she and Natalie . dylan he 's cute . natalie I be work . dylan sixty -five percent of relationship begin in the workplace . natalie he 's a bartender . I need dependable . I need reliable . I need a volvo man . Natalie walk past Dylan , not acknowledge she . Dylan snap she finger . natalie miss ! miss ! I would love some champagne . Natalie come back , a little annoyed . Dylan take a glass for herself , then foist the other glass on everyone around she , whether they want it or not . dylan ( cont 'd ) ( to Natalie ) why do not you get some more ? she nudge Natalie in that direction . at the bar we tilt up from a japanese comic book to Pete . he suddenly realize Natalie be wait for he . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 25 . continued : pete sorry . he start fill more flute . natalie what be you read ? he hold it up . natalie ( cont 'd ) that 's the new michio kazura . that 's not even out in America . pete you know michio kazura ? natalie hello ? Warrior of the Broken Earth ? classic . pete I know . I just move back from Tokyo . it be the biggest thing since haikiri nomura . natalie tomuru nasgawa ishi Tokyo sen ! pete nagada quing - go no . ni zeru . imagine that . Natalie take she tray and reluctantly head off . on dylan dylan ask he out . ask he out . on natalie she turn and head back . natalie I be Natalie . pete pete. good to meet you . natalie listen , there 's a animation festival at the egyptian this week . I be wonder if you might want to ... pete tomorrow night ? eight o'clock ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 26 . continued : natalie I will meet you there . on dylan she smile , hearing the deal close . push through a cluster of investor , she bump into a thin man . dylan pardon I . he do not respond , but something about this man raise she suspicion . where have she see he before ? as he move out of earshot ... dylan ( cont 'd ) Natalie . nine o'clock . thin man . on natalie natalie I be on it . spot the thin man , she head he way . natalie ( offer ) vegetarian spring roll ? he wave she away , no . oops , she drop a napkin in front of he . she kneel down to get it . as we move in very close on she tray , we see that there 's a tiny digital display . a metal detector be build into the rim . it blip as she move past he ankle . and again as she rise up past he chest . the man just keep walk . natalie ( cont 'd ) ( to earpiece ) two gun . one ankle , one shoulder . dylan you call it . natalie you take point . I will circle behind . dylan copy . int . hallway - day the thin man be head down the hall . look back , we see Dylan enter from the ballroom . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 27 . continued : dylan Excuse I ? he do not turn back . dylan ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , do you know which way the lady ' room be ? the man take a sudden right into a service hallway . dylan ( cont 'd ) why do they always run ? she slip off she heel to give chase . int . service hallway - day the thin man come around the corner . we stay tight on he , until he suddenly stop . natalie have come around from the other side . his bad guy instinct tell he this woman be work together . he 's box in . and then , a ding ! Elevator door open beside he . he look in to see the clue - less bellboy , who have a funky groove go on he headphone . in a single motion , the thin man yank the guy out into the hallway and take he place . Hit the button . from opposite direction , Natalie and Dylan run to the elevator , but the door have already shut . check the panel . dylan he 's go down . they take the stair . int . basement service hallway - day Natalie and Dylan emerge from the staircase to find the elevator empty . to the leave , exit door swing tellingly . ext . downtown los angele - day nat and Dylan smash through the exit door and out into the sun-drenched street of beautiful , downtown Los Angeles . Natalie immediately spot the thin man , book down the alley . natalie that way . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 28. continued : and they take off after he . what ensue be the fastest , wildest , two chick and one guy foot chase you have ever see . here be some highlight : -- thin man pull himself , clumsily , over a chain link fence . Dylan and Natalie pull a old Jackie Chan trick and run up the side wall and hop over easily . -- thin man , still on foot , wait for traffic to slow , then dart across the Harbor freeway . by the time Dylan and Natalie get there , traffic be roaring again . undeterred , they make they way through , tucking and roll under the wheel of a move semi . -- Dylan be racing down a alley , when a car come barrel at she . she leap up onto the hood of the car as it drive underneath she , a la one of that that 's incredible ! stunt . -- they chase the thin man into a industrial laundromat . the scene go something like this : int . industrial laundry room thunderously loud , with industrial washer and dryer operate at full tilt . Natalie and Dylan be just enter when three shot ring out . they dive for cover behind a massive washer assembly . natalie there be time I wish we carry gun . dylan where 's the challenge in that ? angle on the thin man , plan he next move . with no good shot at the angel , he aim high , both gun blazing . he shot out the pipe over they head , send down a cascade of hot water . Dylan and Natalie scramble back to avoid get scald . other pipe shatter from the change in pressure , lead to a interior thunderstorm . steam fill the room as a inch of water grow on the floor . Natalie and Dylan push roll laundry cart in the thin man 's direction . he shoot at they , but quickly realize they be just try to waste he bullet . holster one of he gun , he dial he cell phone . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 29 . continued : on the far wall , Natalie switch on the overhead hook , which circle on a wire like a ski lift . the thin man look up , distract , not notice -- dylan as she creep up behind the cover of the roll laundry cart . she 's succeed in circle behind the thin man as he talk on the phone . she clear she throat . the thin man turn . she kick he in the jaw . knocked back , he drop the phone , which crack and slip under a wash machine . he crab-walk back , then suddenly spring back to he foot . we be not expect that kind of ninja move out of this guy . he turn to see natalie right behind he . with a coiled towel , she grab he gun arm and expertly flip he . but he react smoothly , roll over to charge at Natalie , pick she up like a sack of potato . as he do , he grab she right in the tit . natalie hey ! hand off , assh .... before she can finish she sentence , the thin man throw Natalie at Dylan , knock they both down . he jump up , and with a single motion grab a overhead pipe and kick another , release a wall of steam -- we can not see a thing . by the time the fog clear , the thin man be long go . natalie okay , to summarize ? damn . lying down in the water , Dylan reach under the washer to fish out the thin man 's bust cell phone . int . townsend agency back room - day Natalie sit at a glow computer monitor , the thin man 's cell phone connect by a data cable to the townsend Agency computer . rapidly touch the screen , she call up a list of the last thirty - five phone call he receive . they be all from the same location . bosley well . that be easy . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 30 . continued : natalie no , it be not . she point to some code next to the number . natalie ( cont 'd ) I have see this before , he 's scramble he call through a secondary location . bosley in English ? natalie we need to tap this phone line at the source , then we will know where he call be come from . dylan ( check out the number ) 503 ? that 's not local , where be it ? natalie Bos , can we check a directory ? alex do not bother . I know where it be . I use to spend every winter there . as she say it ... CUT to : ext . aspen - night the sign say it : welcome to aspen . various establishing shot of the gorgeous mountain town , still somehow quaint despite its astonish wealth . ext . cowboy bar -- night a rowdy establishment just outside of town . int . cowboy bar -- continuous the kind of place that rich weekend skier do not come . lot of over - aggressive , cowboy - biker type , drink more than they should . there be only a few woman in the place , and they be either waitress or biker chick . suddenly , everyone stop what they be do and turn to the door . charlie' angel have enter the room . dress in they stylish ensemble , they could not possibly look more out of place . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 31 . continued : natalie hey look ! mechanical bull . dylan eye on the prize , nat . we gotta tap the phone . alex that look like we target . she point to a door at the back of the bar that lead into a glass - in office . two , beefy bouncer type be guard the door . alex ( cont 'd ) I be gonna need a distraction . Dylan and Natalie smile at each other . dylan I think that can be arrange . the Three angel split up , bosley tagging along with Dylan . dylan sidle up to the bar . a group of three redneck be down shot , one after another . dylan ( cont 'd ) Three shot of tequila , please . ( bosley whisper in she ear ) and one Tom Collins . the redneck stare at Dylan , drool . Dylan turn to the first one . redneck hey baby , why do not you ditch that stiff and come sit on mar lap ? bosley try to make himself small . dylan ooh , that be a entice offer . but I get a better idea . how about a shot contest ? my treat ? the three redneck hoot and holler . dylan ( cont 'd ) okay , I will take that as a yes . bartender ? bring ten shot of tequila over to my table . and keep they come . by the mechanical bull ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 32 . continued : a group of wanna bes be wait they turn at the mechanical bull . Natalie wander over behind they . natalie mind if I try ? the crowd part for she , and Natalie hop up on the bull . she crank it up , and let by the bar -- Dylan downs a shot , slam it on the table . countless other glass surround she . reveal that two of the redneck be down for the count , one fall out of he chair , the other pass out on the table . the third redneck be slurring badly , try to keep up with Dylan . dylan hey , I have get a idea . now let 's have a chair throw contest . redneck hunh ? dylan chair throw ? never hear of it ? you just pick up you chair and throw it as far as you can . the redneck nod , lift up he chair and heave it across the bar . okay , herex a outline of what will happen in the rest of this scene : Dylan and Natalie create a distraction , while Alex sneak into the back office with bosley to get the phone number of the chalet . ext . high mountain road - night a vw van climb the wind road . as we get closer , we see the side read , " chalet gram . " a ding -dong ding -ding -dong doorbell ring . int . mountain house / great room - night two thug with shoulder holster look up , hearing the bell . one be tend to the fire . thug one we expect somebody ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 33. continued : thug two shake he head . check he gun , thug one grab for he windbreaker . put it on over . ext . front porch - night thug one open the door to find Dylan and Natalie dress in swiss miss outfit , complete with blonde braid . dylan gute tag ! natalie ( correct Dylan ) gute morgen ! dylan ( correct Natalie ) gute nacht ! dylan and natalie ( to each other ) gute freund ! the girl lean in and hug each other , butt stick out . to the leave , bosley start play oommpa oommpa oommpa oommpa on a wrap -around tuba . he 's wear lederhosen , with a feather in he hat . Natalie begin to yodel . Dylan hand a fancy envelope to the bewilder thug . thug two be approach from behind , curious what the hell be go on . Dylan begin to talk - sing a song in german about a too - curious goat and he worried mistress . even with the pantomime , we have no idea what 's happen . it seem wholesome , but occasionally one of the girl touch the other in a weirdly coquettish , oddly sexual way . thug two look at the address on the envelope . thug two ( low ) they get the wrong address . thug one shut up . as the angel continue they routine , the camera rise , three quick cut to take we to ... charlie' angel - 8/18/99 34 . ext . the roof - night ... where a black cat-suite Alex stand at the chimney ... a ribbon of smoke curl from the stack . pull the pin from a canister , she drop it down the chimney . int . mountain house great room - night a cheerful fire burn in the over-size fireplace . the canister drop into the flame from above , suddenly venting a hissing cloud of halon gas . the fire die immediately , the log cover with a violent frost . int . the chimney - night Alex do not even need a rope . her foot press to the sooty wall , she expertly slide to the bottom . int . great room - night Alex back out of the fireplace to find a waiting bad guy swinging a fireplace poker at she head . she duck just in time . the poker ching against the stone , make a spark . Rolling , jump and diving , Alex scurries as pokerman slashes and stab . she duck behind a chair , which pokerman catch with the hook , wing it across the room . back against the wall , Alex yank on the heavy curtain , pull they down , along with the wooden curtain rod . a spin , a flourish of velvet and the curtain ring drop off to leave she with a trusty quarterstaff . she go on the offensive . thrust , parry , spin . but he 's a worthy adversary . one good karate kick break she staff in two . she use both piece to club he in the knee , then roll back to the fireplace . she grab the remain tool : the fireplace tong . pokerman swing . Alex catch he weapon in the tong scissors , yanking it free with such force the point stick in the wall . a quick kick knock pokerman to the floor , where Alex roll on top of he . she catch he head in the tong , squeezing he temple . his eye bulge . alex where 's knox ? charlie' angel - 8/18/99 35 . int . windowless room - night Young billionaire eric knox pace . he 's grungy , with two day of stubble , but still a darn attractive guy . hear a kick at the door , he turn . a second kick blow the door open . it 's Alex . knox who be you ? alex the calvary . giddy up . ext . front porch - night bosley be about to hyper-ventilate on the tuba , sweaty and a little blue . Dylan and Natalie 's new song have they share the saddle of a imaginary horse . when Dylan reach back to slap the " horse , " she hit Natalie in the rump . both woman tee-hee . the thug think it 's pretty hot . Dylan whisper a secret to Natalie . Natalie whisper back . turn to the thug , they each lean in to whisper into a different thug 's ear . as the man smile , the angel suddenly bonk the two men' head together . both man fall , knock out . stepping over the body , Dylan head inside . int . mountain house hallway - night look for the way out , Alex lead knox to a close door . she open it to find ... int . tv room - night ... two more thug sit in front the big-screen tv , watch a college basketball game ( Duke vs. maryland , in case you care . ) the guard look back , spot Alex with knox . that would not be so bad , if it be not for the fifteen other thug watch the game with they . angle on Alex . it 's a oh-shit moment . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 36 . continued : alex sorry . wrong room . ( to knox ) back ! run! the thug be out of they seat a moment later , each of they pull out a firearm . ext . front porch - night holding down three key on the tuba , bosley talk into the mouthpiece . it have a secret radio . bosley Alex , what 's you status ? int . staircase - night running , Alex push knox ahead of she , check they back . she talk into a wrist-mic . alex good news : I find knox . another thug step out in front of she . she kick he down the step . alex ( cont 'd ) bad news : I find company . reaching the bottom of the step , knox be surprised to be grab by Dylan . dylan this way . at this point , he will do whatever they say . ext . front of mountain house - night Dylan rush knox across the driveway to the wait van -- Natalie be pull it around . overhead , bright security light switch on . back at the front door , Alex pull it shut . she attaches a carabiner clip to the handle , run a thin steel cord from it around the porch column . int . foyer - night the first of the thug reach the door , try to pull it open but can not . the next few guard try to help he , while the rest start smash through the window . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 37 . ext . front of mountain house - night running with the tuba , bosley stop for a moment to catch he breath , hand on he knee . okay , ready to run again . he 's the last to be pull into the van . a spray of gravel and they be off . int . the van - night everyone be pile on top of each other . Dylan and knox have a few awkward moment as they get untangle . bosley keep make inappropriate tuba noise . at the wheel , Natalie be fierce and focus , in total control . look out the back window , Alex see the kidnapper pile into jeep to give chase . from the side of the house , more thug appear on motorbike . alex they be come after we . dylan ( to knox , confident ) we be expect that . natalie okay , new problem . everyone 's attention whip forward to see the headlight of giant logging truck come up the high mountain road . it straddle the center line , block both direction . there 's no way around it . natalie ( cont 'd ) thought , suggestion , point to consider ? bosley I do not suppose give up would be a ... no , it would not . then -- dylan right ! natalie there be no right . dylan there ! ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 38 . continued : she point to a fade " close " sign that hang from a chain . in the darkness , who know what it 's block . but as we hear the thunderous horn from the oncoming truck , we know there 's no choice . Natalie cut a hard right , smashing through the sign . the van thump and bump its way across the low grass , its headlight only show ten foot ahead . at any moment , the ground could stop in a cliff . like now . the van leap into empty space . tire spin , helpless . the van fall . everyone scream . bosley be the loudest . and then , touchdown . the van hit the ground , hard but not catastrophically . Natalie hit the brake , cut the wheel hard to avoid hit a concrete wall in front of they . everyone take a beat to acknowledge they be alive . dylan where be we ? suddenly , a bright light go on overhead . ext . the mountain - night one by one , a series of arc light switch on , form a snake all the way to the bottom of the mountain . int . the van - night look out the back window ... alex it 's a bobsle run . they be face backwards . up ahead , the kidnapper be charge down the access road . the first of two jeep make the jump into the bobsle chute . natalie if it go down the mountain , that 's all I need . throw it into reverse , Natalie peel out . the jeep follow . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 39 . ext . bobsled run - night the vw Van lead the way down the mountain , tail - first . as it build speed , it start to climb the wall , each turn get steeper and steeper . the two jeep be follow . facing the right direction , they have a much easier time of it . int . van - night everything be shaking so violently , it look like a NASA launch . alex ( look out the back ) hard leave ! hard left ! Natalie make the turn . the van rise up , nearly tilting over . but they make it through the turn . knox ( to Dylan ) be this part of the plan ? dylan yes . except for the bobsle run , and the backwards part , it 's go exactly accord to plan . a beat . he smile at she . he have a nice smile . ext . bobsled run - night one of the jeep make a move , close the distance to the van . a rifleman lean out the passenger window , lining up a shot . he fire . int . the van - night the shot blast cleanly through the top of the windshield , through the horn of bosley 's tuba , then out the back window . it miss hit somebody by millimeter . Natalie be still focus , make each turn as Alex call it . ext . bobsled run - night` the front jeep get even more aggressive , building speed . it hit the next turn too fast , rise up too high along the wall . it tip further , and further , finally roll over onto its back . it scrape across the concrete , a shower of spark as it slow down . with nowhere to go , the second jeep brake hard , but can not stop . it smashes into the first jeep , a tangle of steel . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 40 . continued : the combine mass continue slide down the run , like a jag pinball in the chute . int . the van - night Dylan look out through the windshield as the jeep combo recede farther and farther away . dylan I think we be in the clear . just then , two motorbike race up along the chute wall , pass the crippled jeep . two more motorbike jump in from above . dylan or maybe not . suddenly , Natalie gasp , remember something . natalie oh God , no . dylan what be it ? whip CUT to : ext . egyptian theatre - night a deject Pete stand in front of the sign for the anime festival , two ticket in hand . whip back to : int . the van - night natalie I have a date with Pete . right now . dylan ouch . alex hard right ! Natalie make the hard right . the motorcycle be gain on they , but Natalie and Dylan have to talk through this first . dylan call he , he will totally understand . natalie " gee , sorry Pete . I have to rescue a billionaire . " ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 41 . continued : alex hard leave ! she make the leave . natalie I will sound like a flake . I can not stand flake . dylan he will so give you the second chance . natalie you think ? dylan hello , I see the way he look at you . one motorcycle charge , come up just foot from the windshield . Natalie tap on the brake . the freak out guy can not slow down in time . he smack into the windshield , then go fly . alex we be at the bottom ! indeed , we be . the concrete wall end , leave open ground . slam on the brake , Natalie turn the van around . everyone go fly . bosley be still on the phone with Charlie . ext . base of the mountain - night back face the right direction , the van charge onward . the motorcycle race up to the passenger side , grab for the door . int . the van - night Dylan slam open the door , knock one rider off . the slide door open , another rider outside try to get in . think fast , knox grab bosley 's tuba and shove it at the motorcyclist , who tumble , take out the fourth rider in the process . dylan ( genuinely impressed ) well do . knox thanks . CUT to : charlie' angel - 8/18/99 42. helicopter thunder over . we be ... int . the helicopter - night Natalie be at the control , bosley beside she . Alex lean forward from the second row . bosley I think that go very well . Charlie should send I on more mission . alex we could not have do it without you , Bos . Natalie pat he on the arm . she and Alex exchange a quick glance . they have to just laugh . in the back row , knox be look out over the gorgeous light of aspen . dylan cocktail ? she offer he a airplane-sized bottle of johnnie Walker black . he take it and toast . they both down they drink in a single shot . a smile , and then ... music rise . the angel triptych descend . the act be over . after a beat , we wipe to reveal : ext . charle townsend detective agency - day re-establish . int . charle townsend detective agency - ( the next ) day Charlie be on the speakerphone . the angel be in they usual loung position . charlie' voice good work , angel . not only do you save knox , you save he company as well . dylan I think that earn we a vacation . natalie say , fiji ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 43. continued : alex ( to Natalie ) any special guy you be think of invite ? Natalie grin a guilty smile . charlie' voice sorry , angel . we work be only half - do . knox enter . clean -shaven and neatly press , he 's still a darn good - look man . vivian Wu follow he . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) meet you new client , Eric knox . knox first off , thank you . you rescue I , for which I be eternally grateful . he 's talk to all the angel , but he gaze seem to fall most upon Dylan . she notice it . knox ( cont 'd ) but there 's still a problem . whoever kidnap I be not just try to screw up we ipo . they also steal the proprietary software for we new web browser . I be sure it be Roger corwin , but I need proof . charlie' voice that 's where you come in , angel . circle around , we see the video image of corwin and the Red Star system logo on the big screen . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) we need to break into Red Star 's computer system to see if Mr. knox 's software be indeed be convert for Red Star 's use . natalie sound like a plan . charlie' voice not as easy as that , Natalie . Red Star 's headquarters be as tightly guard as a military facility . we be go to need reconnaissance on they mainframe computer system , and the best way to get that be through Mr. corwin himself . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 44 . continued : a video image of corwin 's Palm Pilot schedule come up the bigscreen . the shot pull in close on " san diego speedway . " charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) we need to pin a camera on he to get footage of the inside of the building . thanks to Alex 's work at the health spa , we know that corwin will be at the San Diego speedway on Thursday . get close to he angel , but do not tip you hand . alex consider it do . charlie' voice Dylan , I need you to arrange for Mr. knox 's security . I would hate to have he kidnap again . dylan absolutely . but we would all feel safer if you could join we , Charlie . CUT to : underwater from Charlie 's p.o.v. , look up at the sunlight . Three manta-rays swim above we . we can hear the bubble from Charlie 's regulator . charlie I would love to angel . but I be in a bit over my head at the moment . a manta-ray swim past , super -close , let we ... wipe to : ext . knox house - dusk a majestic craftsman in the hill , Frank Lloyd wright meet conspicuous consumption . int . knox house attic - dusk a flashlight beam sweep past , revealing Dylan . with just she shoulder above the rafter , she 's check a dusty crawl space . she find nothing suspicious . int . knox be walk -in closet - dusk knox stand below , Dylan 's boot on he shoulder . the heel dig in a bit , but he 's not complain . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 45 . continued : dylan we be good . he move to help she down , but she do a reverse - pullup to handle it by herself . she lead the way ... int . knox be bedroom - dusk the room be huge . through the floor- to-ceil window , we see that we be up in the hill . knox follow she as she walk . dylan I have get surveillance on all the window . do not answer the door , do not answer the phone . we continue ... int . knox live room - dusk just as big , just as beautiful . knox , or he decorator , have great taste . everything be top quality , but unpretentious . dylan also , stay away from the window . knox they be bullet - proof . the last owner be paranoid . dylan ( a smile ) lucky for we . she take a marker - size device off the table . dylan ( cont 'd ) this be a panic button . ( toss it to he ) Press it and one of we can be here in ten minute . knox which one of you ? dylan whoever 's close . she take she jacket off the couch , ready to go . knox I have a better idea . dylan what ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 46 . continued : he toss she the panic button . knox stay for dinner . ( preempt objection ) I be a pretty good cook . dylan I can not Mr. knox . I be sorry . if you ... knox ( quickly ) I be scared . Dylan be surprised by this . knox ( cont 'd ) look , I do not want to admit it , but I be . I be kidnap once , and it be not fun . I know , you probably have other plan , but it would be very reassure . Dylan look he over . normally , she would be suspicious , but the guy be just kidnap , and he seem sincere . knox ( cont 'd ) come on , do not make I beg . I be embarrassed already . she smile . dylan do not be . she throw she coat back on the sofa . int . knox live room - night we pan off a half - play scrabble game to find Dylan and knox at the window . Dylan pick up a family photo , knox as a little boy with a father in a military uniform . dylan that 's you , hunh ? cute kid . cute family . knox thanks . ( take the photo ) it 's the only picture I have of I with my parent . they die a week later . dylan oh . oh , I be sorry . I have no idea ... ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 47 . continued : knox please , do not apologize . I be too young to understand . ( look at the photo ) I never know how they die . when I be a kid , when I get shuffle from one foster home to another , I always think they just disappear . dylan but ...? knox I only find out later , my father be in the military . he and my mother be kill while he be on assignment , somewhere in Eastern Europe . ( mostly to himself ) the file be classified , but I read enough to know that he be a good man . apparently , he be betrayed by one of he own team . dylan wow . that 's a lot for a kid to live with . knox yeah , but it motivate I , lose my family . it still do . I do not take anything for grant . Dylan nod . dylan Boy do I have you peg wrong . knox ( intrigue ) how do you mean ? dylan well , to be honest , I think you be a rich kid who inherite everything . but that 's pretty typical . I have get instinct for the job , but when it come to man ? well ... knox I be glad you do not see I as just a client . he brushes he hand against hers . she brushes back , finger against finger . a long beat . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 48. continued : dylan oh. well , you be , so ... knox be there someone you need to be go home to ? dylan no. ( beat ) but I ... he kiss she . after a moment , she break off . it 's not that it be a bad kiss . it be a damn good kiss . it 's just ... dylan ( cont 'd ) I should not . knox move towards she . knox should not you ? Dylan hold he back . dylan ( firmly ) no. I should not . she stand up . dylan ( cont 'd ) thank you for dinner , Mr. knox . and lock the door behind I . she get up and leave . CUT to : formula -one race car roaring past on the track . it 's all thunder , smoke and asphalt . we be ... ext . san diego speedway - day with a roar , another blur of racer whip past , with heat and noise and speed . the lead car bear the familiar marking of red STAR industries . Roger corwin be at the wheel , steering calmly to a comfortable lead , when he be suddenly bumped . corwin what the ...? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 49 . continued : another bump send he screeching to the leave . he almost crash , then get back on course , just as he 's pass by ... a sleek , black car , sponsor by the sony corporation , and manned by a mysterious driver with TEXAS tornado inscripted on the helmet . we follow the black car as it pull into the pit . ext . freeway pit - day the racer pull off she helmet as the pit crew surround she . of course , the racer be Natalie , aka betty lou hobert , the Texas tornado . pit boss ( yell over the engine noise ) nice racing ! ( beat ) can't believe you 've never raced this track before ! natalie ( Texas accent ) back where ah'm from , we race in swamp and back road ! this all be a piece a cake ! Natalie shake out she hair , wink at the pit boss . the pit Crew race in to make repair . dylan , dress in a pit suit , kneel by Natalie 's front tire . Natalie crouch down next to she so they can talk . natalie ( cont 'd ) I nick he . should give you enough time to do the deed . dylan I be on it . Dylan steal away , head for ... corwin' pit crew -- corwin be seethe mad as he pull into he pit . corwin let' go ! we're losing time here ! the pit repair he car as corwin be approach by another racer , also wear a Red Star racing suit . he lean into corwin 's car and now we see that 's it 's ... the thin man . thin man you okay , boss ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 50 . continued : corwin no thanks to you ! you be suppose to be my head of security ! who be that bitch ?! the thin man peer over at Natalie , but she 's get she back to he . thin man do not know . I will keep a eye out . corwin yeah . you do that . corwin peel out onto the track again , almost crush the thin man in the process . as corwin pull out Dylan sneak in . in all the cacophony , no one notice as she grab corwin' suitcase out of the back seat of he regular car , a bitching mercede . she check both way to see if she 's be watch . bosley ( o.s. ) Coast be clear , Dylan . CUT to : ext . the winner' circle where Alex , dress as a trophy girl , watch the race through binocular and keep a eye on she pal . she nod to bosley , who be dress as the flag waver . he speak into a walkie talkie . bosley let 's make the switch . back in the pit -- Dylan pull a briefcase out of she jumpsuit , and swap it with one in corwin 's car . she carefully switch all he file from the old briefcase to the new one , then give Alex a thumb up . meanwhile back in the race -- natalie roar back onto the track , keep corwin in she sight . then she spot another Red Star car , come up right next to she . she lock eye with the thin man . the two of they recognize each other at the exact same instant . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 51 . continued : the thin man , realize he 's be make , jam on the brake and skid off to the right , which lead to a ramp that head out of the stadium . Natalie , not want to lose he , do something crazy . even though she 's at the front of the pack , she brake hard , swerve into a full 180 degree u-turn , and start head the wrong way on the race track . startle driver pull off to the leave and right as she follow the thin man out of the racetrack . ext . speedway access road - day to a chorus of car horn , the thin man 's blue racer weave through the spectator traffic enter the speedway . look back , we see Natalie be gain on he . finally clear of the traffic , both car let it rip . CUT to : helicopter video footage look down on a freeway , where a ubiquitous police pursuit be in progress . tv anchor voice if you be just join we , we be approach hour five of a pursuit that have lead we all across the southland , at speed up to 80 mile a hour . a beat - up gray Chrysler lead a phalanx of police car down the empty freeway . it 's oddly calm and hypnotize . female anchor voice Chuck , time and again we hear the question , " why do not the police just ram the other car , or shoot out the tire ? " the lapd have a policy of hang back and follow unless ... suddenly , the blue formula one car come screeching past the cop and the suspect , over 200 mile per hour . tv anchor voice what be that ? int . natalie' red car / on the freeway - day still hot on the thin man 's tail , Natalie have the engine roaring . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 52 . continued : as she pass the police car , we see several officer look over -- what the hell ? Natalie catch up to the gray Chrysler . look over to see the wild - eyed suspect , hunch over the wheel . he look back at she . a beat later , she 's pass he , just taillight on the freeway . ext . freeway - day with the lane clear for the other chase , there be nothing prevent the formula one car from hit top speed -- which they do . Natalie be catch up to the thin man . as they head under a overpass , we see kide cheering . int . blue car - day the thin man check he gauge . the gas dial be perilously close to empty -- this car be mean to be refill often . up ahead , he see a exit . he start to slow down ... ext . freeway - day ... but when you be go 200 mile per hour , that can take a while . he miss the exit . Natalie be try to match he speed . the thin man pull over to the side , stop fully . brake as hard as she can , Natalie still pass he . the thin man throw a u-turn , head up the freeway on -ramp . Natalie follow . ext . san diego shipyard - day we catch glimpsis behind fence and between train car -- the two racer glide slowly down the narrow road , like lion pace . int . natalie' red car - day pull off she helmet , Natalie scan right and leave for the blue car -- she 's lose sight of he . the narrow windshield of this racer do not make it any easier . ext . shipyard - day we look down on Natalie 's car as she round a corner , still search . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 53. ext . pier - day Natalie spot the blue racer reach the end of the long pier . it pull a U -turn to face she , then stop , engine idling . there 's only way off the pier , and it 's past Natalie . the thin man revs he engine . Natalie revs hers . angle on a white seagull , peck at something on the pier , halfway between the two racer . the bird look up , hearing the engine . angle on the thin man . he pull he harness tighter . revs he engine higher . angle on Natalie . if it 's a game of chicken he want , she will give it to he . she revs she engine higher still . the noise scare the bird , who suddenly fly off . like a flag be drop , that 's the signal for both racer to peel out . a cloud of smoke . rubber on asphalt . already reach a tremendous speed , the racer be on a collision course . the thin man be not go to turn away . neither be Natalie . Racing faster , and faster still , there 's only one way this can turn out . but then , at the very last moment , the thin man wuss out . he cut the wheel right , miss Natalie and careen off the edge of the pier . in slow motion , we watch as he racer hang in mid-air , wheel still spin . back -heavy , the tail hit the water first . Natalie brake hard , cut the wheel to avoid go off the far end of the pier . she finally stop , the rear tire just 1 / 4 inch from the edge . craning up along the side of the pier , we find Natalie look into the water where the blue racer go in . there 's just a slick of oil and a steady stream of bubbles . CUT to : video / camera' p.o.v. we see lot of hallway , doorway and security lock , all from the Pov of a man 's hip . the footage be from the camera in the switch briefcase that corwin be now carry with he . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 54 . continued : we pull back from the video to see we be actually watch it ... int . charle townsend agency - day ... on the big screen . the angel and bosley watch the footage , along with knox and vivian wu. vivian have seat herself close to Natalie . so close , in fact , that Natalie keep have to shift a few inch . Dylan , meanwhile , sit across the room from knox , deliberately avoid eye contact . on the big screen : as the videocamera pass a room mark with a intimidating warning sign ... knox there ! video freeze . knox ( cont 'd ) that 's the room with the mainframe . everything at Red Star go through that system . charlie' voice so if we want to find proof that Red Star steal knox 's technology , that 's the computer to tap . knox exactly . but they have heavy firewall and encryption . you can not jack in from outside . you will have to physically be in that room to get at the data . alex even if we do get inside , there will not be time to search for it . there 's get to be a hundred terabyte of information there . it could take day . natalie so you install a transmitter . all eye go over to Natalie . natalie ( cont 'd ) patch in directly to the relay , broadcast on a high frequency . that way , you can have access to the mainframe from the comfort of you own home . and they have no idea that you can peek inside . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 55 . continued : knox be impressed . the other angel nod . it 's a good idea . vivian wu that 's all fine in theory . but you still have to get inside that room to install it . what about security ? alex Red Star have a lot of government contract , so security be tight . Key - card badge throughout . redundant security at all red-line area with biometric scanner and weekly keycode . pervasive video surveillance , laser , air-displacement sensor . plus a hard - wire fail - safe at the relay to prevent exactly this kind of tapping . vivian wu it sound impossible . Alex check with she fellow angel . they be in agreement . dylan it sound like fun . with a subtle rush , we move into a stylize montage that show how they do it . it feature whip pan , freeze frame and zoom to show we only the highlight . natalie ( v.o. ) only the two director can disengage the fail - safe . we have to get they key . whip CUT to : int . nude nude nude girl - day angle on director # 1 , 40' , part of the lunchtime crowd . Alex and Natalie be on the catwalk , in the middle of a grind routine . pay for he drink , he fumble with he wallet . his waitress help he find the right bill . as she walk away , we see the waitress be Dylan . freeze frame . we zoom in on the orange key-card she 's grab from he . ext . back yard birthday part - day angle on bosley , do up in full clown makeup . he try to twist a balloon animal , but no luck . finally it pop . the child cry . entertain the adult , magician Alex whip open she silk handkerchief to reveal that the " item " have disappear . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 56 . continued : angle on director # 2 , who look very worried . magician 's assistant Dylan take off she giant hat to reveal the director 's billfold be underneath . get it back , he 's relieved . pass behind Dylan , Natalie take the orange keycard Dylan hand off . freeze frame . zoom in . alex ( v.o. ) then we have to get back into Red Star . Problem be , they biometric sensor be too good . dylan ( v.o. ) we need someone 's help . whip to : ext . STREET off mulholland - day angle on Roger corwin , drive he mercede . he slow , a road crew work ahead . angle on Dylan , dress in a orange vest , man the slow / stop sign . she make corwin stop , lean in to apologize for the delay . behind the mercede , Natalie sneak up . she quickly pick the trunk lock , then quietly climb in . she hoist in a large duffel bag , then shut herself inside . int . trunk of corwin' mercede - day we hear the car move again . stripped down to a bra , Natalie attaches a illuminate mirror to the underside of the trunk lid . start to pull more item from she duffel bag : black shoe , a dress shirt , a tie . ext . red STAR - day establish . we see corwin 's mercede pull into the parking garage . int . parking garage / red STAR - day walk away from the car , corwin hit the remote . the mercede bwoops . a beat later , a hand come out from under the trunk lid . Natalie climb out , only she 's not Natalie anymore . she 's become corwin -- identical to the last detail . she tuck the last of the latex mask under she collar as she walk . freeze frame . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 57 . int . security station - day corwin put he right hand on the sensor grid . a laser scan it . approve . the Security Guard hit the button , release the gate . he go back to he magazine as corwin pass through . a beat , then ... a voice Tommy ? you gonna let I through or what ? Tommy the Guard look up , see corwin be still at the counter . tommy the guard ( confuse ) oh. yeah , sorry Mr. corwin . he hit the button again , let corwin through . Tommy go back to he magazine , still a little perplex . int . secure hallway - day the same place we see on the videotape . Natalie - as - corwin swipe the two steal failsafe card in a reader , send the light from red to green . freeze frame . she splice in a transmitter the size of a cigarette pack . pull up a tiny antenna . freeze frame . int . secure hallway - day corwin walk down the hall , still talk with he colleague . natalie- as - corwin be walk right towards they . she turn away as she pass . he do not even spot she . she smile . CUT to : ext . posh beverly hill HOTEL - day establish ... int . restaurant - day as a group , the angel move through the upscale lunch crowd to find knox and vivian Wu at a booth . Alex open a slim Sony laptop , set it on the table . alex it 's do . Red Star 's mainframe be open for business . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 58 . continued : astonish , vivian Wu hit some key , check that what they say be true . dylan ( to a pass waiter ) Champagne , please . you best . smiling , knox motion for they to take a seat . knox now I know why I hire you . you be the best . a look between the angel . they know it 's true . vivian wu ( to knox , be : laptop ) I will have system get to work on this right away . she reach for the laptop . bosley snatch it away . bosley uh , actually miss Wu , we will get to work on this right away . any evidence we find will be turn over to you and the proper authority . vivian wu I do not think you understand how important that data be , Mr ... bosley oh , indeed I do . and that 's why I will take very good care of it when I find it . vivian wu ( reach for the laptop ) but ... knox vivian , please . do as the man say . reluctantly , vivian Wu pull she hand away . bosley tuck the laptop into a steel briefcase , then stand . dylan where you off to , Bos ? bosley vacation . natalie uh oh , lemme guess . you be off to chase bikinis at some tropical resort ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 59 . continued : bosley exactly ! Fire Island , here I come ! Dylan do a spit take , the other two angel roll they eye . bosley ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , angel . Mr. knox. ( coldly ) Ms. wu. as bosley exit the restaurant , vivian Wu eye he carefully . knox raise a glass to toast the angel . knox more champagne ? natalie have to go . plan tonight . alex I too . as they get up ... knox ( to Dylan ) and you ? she notice the other angel stare at she . she do not answer at first . dylan um ... well ... Natalie quickly pick up what 's go on . she glance at Alex , then clear she throat . natalie hey Dylan , can we talk to you for a second ? the lady room Natalie , Alex , and Dylan kibbitz near the sink . natalie ( cont 'd ) there 's something go on between you and knox . be not there ? dylan so what , so I like he . be that so wrong ? natalie uh , yeah Dylan , it be . he 's a client . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 60 . continued : dylan be a client . we finish the job . alex she 's get a point . natalie what ? she do not have any point , Alex , I can not believe you be siding with she . alex I be not siding with anyone , but technically , he be no longer ... natalie you know Charlie would never approve of this . alex oh come on , Charlie would not care . I think you be just be overly cautious . dylan uh , guy ? guy ! they turn to look at she . dylan ( cont 'd ) I be a big girl . I make my own decision . I be go out with he . she walk out of the lady ' room . CUT to : int . parking garage / beverly hill - day bosley hum " in the navy " to himself as he walk through a parking garage . he 's alone in the echo-y garage , and everything we know about movie tell we this means trouble . bweep bweep as he alarm shut off . just as he 's about to lift the handle , he stop . look back over he shoulder . do he hear something ? he scan the empty garage . no one in sight . must have be he imagination . int . bosley's mercede - day bosley climb in , shutting the door behind he . he 's put the key in the ignition , when ... a hand clamp a chloroformed rag over he mouth . it 's the thin man . bosley struggle , but in moment , he 's unconscious . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 61 . outside the car the thin man stuff bosley in the trunk , slam it shut , revealing ... vivian wu ( o.s. ) sweet dream . vivian Wu , stand beside the thin man . she 's hold the case bosley refuse to give she before . the thin man so , now we have the transmitter , what do we do with fat boy ? dirt nap time ? vivian wu no ! not until I have get the information I need . we will take he to the compound , hold he there . ( beat ) in the meantime , we have get to tie up some loose end . thin man whenever you say something like that , it mean more work for I . vivian wu ( ignore he ) the angel will figure out they be dupe . we can not afford they jeopardize we plan . the thin man here it come ... vivian wu ( coldly ) we have to kill Charlie 's angel . the thin man sigh , whip out he cell phone . the thin man guess I will cancel my weekend plan . and speak of weekend plan ... CUT to : ext . italian STREET - night Jason and Alex be walk down a beautiful , tree -line cobblestone street , hold hand . the building and outdoor cafe be reminiscent of a quaint , vaguely european town . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 62 . continued : jason Alex , I can not tell you how happy I be you come . alex I too . jason no , I mean , it 's weird . it 's weird I out how happy I be when you be around . be I sick or something ? alex ( smile ) get I . jason the only bummer be , I start to jone when you be not around . what the hell be I gonna do this weekend , if you be not with I ? alex we will get you some sedative . you will be fine . he stop , take she in he arm . with the moonlight shine down , it 's very romantic . they kiss . then ... jason hey . wait a second . come with I ! alex come with you ? jason Miami , on the Sony jet . I have get two ticket to the final four . alex Jason , I do not ... jason wait , before you say no , let I just say something , okay ? I be sick of how little we see each other . I be sick of steal a day here , or a week there . alex it 's my job , Jason . I can not explain it , but I have to be on call , all the time , and ... jason what if I change all that ? ( more ) ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 63. continued : jason ( cont 'd ) what if I tell you to quit you job , and come live with I . what I be say , Alex , be that I want you to ... blam ! blam ! gunshot ring out ! alex gunfire ! get down ! Alex , in angel mode , immediately throw he to the ground and cover he . she feel something wet , look down to see Jason 's chest , cover in blood . alex ( cont 'd ) my God , you be hit . you be ... jason Fine . I be fine . ( he laugh ) they be squib , it 's fake . see ? he wipe off a little , put it on she tongue . finally convinced , she almost let herself laugh . reveal that we be in a soundstage , the cobblestone street be just a set . the gunfire be come from some effect guy , who be test fire gun for the upcoming action scene just outside the soundstage , visible through the open load door . jason ( cont 'd ) Fake gun , too . they be just set up for the next scene . he help she up . alex sorry about that , I ... jason ( smile ) God , I love that . the way you yell and everything ? baby , you be watch too many movie . ( he kiss she on the nose ) alright , I gotta go reset this . don't go anywhere . I want to finish this conversation . as he walk out of the soundstage , Alex be leave behind , alone . she clean herself off , shaking she head at she own paranoia . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 64 . continued : alex Nice , Alex . Real nice . thipp ! a wall next to she spray a cloud of plaster . Alex look at the hole . that 's strange . thip , thip ! two more little explosion , this barely miss she face . alex ( cont 'd ) hey , be someone fire more squib or ... suddenly , without warning , the wall be plaster with silenced gunfire . it 's only Alex 's instinct that let she duck in time to avoid be turn into swiss cheese . she tuck and roll behind a styrofoam set as ... two gunmen with silence sniper rifle fan out on the fake city street . on alex -- crouch behind a wall . she look both way . if she try to break for the open load door , she will lead the gunman right back to Jason . only way out of here be to head for the far wall , all the way across the building , where there 's a fire exit . take a deep breath , she dart across the fake street . the gunmen fire at she , one of they pull off he silencer and go to machine gun mode . the sound of the gunshot be cover by the sound of the effect guy , test fire gun outside . alex -- see that the set be hold up by wooden support beam . she lift she leg and deliver a solid blow , crack the two - by-four in half . the gunmen move slowly through the fake street set . suddenly , they hear a creak sound . they look up to see the whole , fake building set collapse ! they dive out of the way , just in time to see Alex race through the fire door . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 65 . ext . backlot - night Alex race out of the soundstage and jump into she car , park nearby . the gunmen emerge from the stage and spot she , just as she get the car start . she peel out as a hail of gunfire just miss she windshield . ext . opposite side of the soundstage Jason have just get he squib refitted . he 's face the opposite direction , so he do not see Alex 's car whizz away in the background . int . soundstage Jason walk into the soundstage , follow by the effect crew . jason Alex ? alex ? of course , she 's nowhere to be find . while he look around , one of the effect guy finger a bullet hole in the set wall . he press against it and a flattened bullet fall out . he think for a moment , then shake he head . could not be . CUT to : int . egyptian theatre - night a pass filmgoer reveal Natalie and Pete . seat near the aisle , they share a giant tub of popcorn . the movie have not start yet , but there 's a slide show of various anime heroes and villain . natalie thanks for the second chance . I swear , I be really not a flake . he shrug it off . pete how can I deny any woman who 's see all 23 " lord of wind and power " ? natalie I bet there 's a dozen woman here who fit that description . she 's right . pete honestly -- there 's a look component as well . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 66 . continued : natalie really . pete you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see this close up . how can she not be flatter by that ? she would say something back , but the moment have get so electrify that each little glance just bring on more goofy - in - loveness . the only solution be to leave ... natalie lady room . I will be back in two minute . pete I will be here . int . lady room - night a wee bit smitten , Natalie enter as the last woman leave . we hear just the drip drip drip of a faucet and the muzak version of power Station 's " some like it hot . " natalie in a stall Natalie shut the door behind herself , then set to work put down a tissue - paper seat cover . sweeping across the floor we look under stall door to find a pair of black man 's boot step down from inside . Natalie be not alone . in her stall Natalie be about to hoist she skirt when she stop . her spider sense be tingling . a door latch click open . we tilt up to see a well -dress man . he 's at least 6'3 " . he stop at Natalie 's stall door , draw he gun . a beat , then he kick the door open , revealing ... a empty stall . the automatic toilet flush itself . the man take a half - step in , confuse . suddenly -- ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 67 . continued : the door swing back , smashing into he right hand . he drop the gun , look up to see natalie , who be perch atop the stall wall . she push the door with she foot . grabbing a overhead pipe , she perform a acrobatic swing , landing both foot on the guy 's head . he fall into the next row of stall . Natalie reach for the gun , but the man grab she ankle . he pull she back across the tile floor , flipping she over . that just make it easier for she to kick he where it count . with a scissors lock around he neck , Natalie be pull up while the man fall . she land a knee on he windpipe . natalie who do you work for ? he try to pull she off . she lean in harder . natalie ( cont 'd ) speak now or never again . the man ( motion with eye ) jacket pocket . suspicious , she dig inside he coat to pull out a leather billfold . flip it open to reveal a i.d. that read ... natalie National Security Agency ? you be with the NSA ? the man I have be follow you . I do not know which side you be on . ( beat ) this be bigger than you think . int . movie theater - night the anime classic be play . Pete keep look back towards the door . he 's be ditch again . just when he 's about to give up hope , Natalie be there . natalie I be so sorry , but I have to go . I can not explain . ( hand card ) this be my cell phone number . please call I tomorrow . please . I be sorry . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 68 . continued : with that , she go . a beat , then she come back . kiss he once , hard . then go for real . CUT to : ext . hollywood hill - night Dylan and knox walk hand in hand up a quaint , woodsy path behind knox 's home . we can hear music drift up from the hill in front of they . dylan where 's that music come from ? knox you will see . just a little farther . he help she up a steep part of the path . as she come over the crest of a hill . dylan oh ... ( take in the view ) oh wow . dylan' Pov -- the hill behind knox 's house have a magnificent view right into the Hollywood bowl . the music be the symphony play something very romantic . dylan ( cont 'd ) that 's amazing . they stand there , together , just listen to the music , knox watch she reaction closely . knox can I ask you a personal question ? dylan maybe . knox how much do you know about Charlie ? Dylan seem surprised by this question . knox ( cont 'd ) I just find it strange that you work for a man you have never meet . dylan well , I do not know what he look like , but I feel like I know he . we all do . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 69 . continued : knox and none of you have any clue who he actually be ? dylan nope . knox and you be never curious to find out ? dylan of course , but believe I , it 's impossible . I have try . ( beat ) let 's not talk about Charlie , okay ? or work . she smile t he , motion for they to go back up to knox 's house . dylan ( cont 'd ) in fact , let 's not talk at all . wipe to : int . knox be house - night Dylan and knox be asleep in he bed , when the doorbell chime . Dylan bolt upright . she slip out of bed , peer out the window . vivian Wu be wait by the front door . dylan Eric , it 's vivian . knox hmmm . I wonder what she 's here for ? dylan want I to tell she to come back , or ... knox no , no . I would better deal . ( he kiss she ) you go back to bed . knox pull on a robe , go downstairs . stay on dylan -- as she pull on she clothes , she cell phone ring . she grab it . dylan hello ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 70 . continued : natalie Dylan , we be set up . vivian Wu be not who she say she be . she 's a former assassin and a all around bitch . dylan oh no . oh shit . Natalie , she 's here ! natalie what ?! dylan I be at knox 's , she just show up ! ext . freeway - night driving she own highly excellent car , Natalie have it floor . intercut natalie I be ten minute away . wait until I get there . dylan I can not do that . call Alex and meet I here . natalie Dylan ... but Dylan 's already hang up . cursing she partner , Natalie race the car even harder . int . knox be live room - night knox be sit at the coffee table , signing papers . vivian , sit across from he , have she cell phone open . they be both surprised to see Dylan walk into the room . vivian wu I see you take you bodyguard service seriously . still , I worry that no one be watch the door . dylan ( cover ) oh , I be watch it . in fact , I just call for back up . from she bag , vivian pull a silver 9mm . vivian wu all the same , I be concerned about Mr. knox 's safety . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 71 . continued : although knox be clueless , it 's clear the message vivian be send to Dylan . she 's in control here . vivian set the gun on the table , in easy reach . knox ( explain ) vivian just come over to run through some number for the ipo . vivian wu please , take a seat . I be almost finish . with a know glance at Dylan , she go back to she phone call . no alternative , Dylan take a seat beside knox . both face vivian , whose hand be very near the gun . Dylan look at knox as he read through he papers . he have no idea there 's anything wrong . vivian wu ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) really . how disappoint . vivian gesture to the abandon scrabble game on the table . why not play ? dylan I be not much for game . vivian wu pity . as knox flip page in the report , Dylan casually begin push scrabble letter around , nothing serious . but she 's manage to spell ... enemy she get knox 's attention , look to the word , up to vivian . knox follow she intention , but do not seem to believe it . while vivian continue to talk on the phone , knox set he report down . pushes around some letter of he own . the word finally come out as ... I know close on Dylan . what do that mean ? vivian snap she phone shut . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 72 . continued : vivian wu ( cont 'd ) ( to knox ) bad news : the other angel be still alive . good news : everything else proceeding apace . Dylan stand up . what the hell be go on ? vivian draw the gun on she . knox move over toward vivian 's side . knox sorry Dylan . I know this moment would come sooner or later . I be just hope for later . a long beat , Dylan try to wrap she head around this . dylan all this time , we think Red Star be behind this , but it be you . ( realize ) you fake you kidnap . knox tap he nose . she 's get it . dylan ( cont 'd ) why ? knox to gain you trust . and get you help . ( beat ) I want you to know , my personal attraction to you be a sincere and unrelated complication . dylan oh , well , in that case I feel a lot better about you be a lie pole smoker . Dylan look like she 's about to leap forward and tear knox 's throat out . vivian gesture for Dylan to keep step back . dylan ( cont 'd ) I can not believe I trust you . knox why not ? you trust Charlie and you have never even meet he . Dylan cross the sill , out onto the balcony . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 73. continued : knox ( cont 'd ) and believe I , there 's a lot about he that you do not know . anyway , I be not go to be a idiot and stand here talk when we could do something useful , like kill you . Goodbye , Dylan , I will miss you ... how right he be , because as soon as vivian squeeze the trigger ... Dylan drop to the floor , then roll . blam ! the bullet miss Dylan and slam into the bulletproof window cause a spider - web crack to spread . Dylan see she opportunity and head right for the window while vivian pump off shot . as she come to the window , Dylan jump up in the air and do a fly kick , hit right at the spot where the bullet impact . smash ! the bulletproof glass shatter outward , and Dylan fly out the window , onto the ledge . knox ( cont 'd ) wow. ( to vivian ) I have never see you do something like that . vivian wu oh , shut up . CUT to : ext . balcony - night Dylan look over the edge of the balcony . the drop-off be incredibly steep -- the house be build on stilt -- and the fall look like it would kill she . but she do not have much choice . knox and vivian come run out onto the balcony , just in time to see Dylan jump . they rush to the edge , look down into a forbid thicket of tree . vivian wu she can not have survive . it 's too far . ( more ) ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 74 . continued : vivian wu ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) still , I should probably check ... knox shake he head . knox we have get more important thing to do . the two of they head back inside . as they do ... we hold on the railing , then slowly start to drift down , to the underside of the balcony . Dylan have attach she belt to the bottom of the railing , and be hang in the rafter . as she pull herself back up ... wipe to : ext . airport -- night a black sedan pull onto the tarmac . knox and vivian Wu emerge , then hustle into a wait private plane . int . angel detective agency Natalie , Dylan and Alex nurse they wound and compare note . dylan I can not believe knox try to kill I . I mean , I have be lie to , I have be cheat on , but no guy have ever try to shoot I before . ( coldly ) I be gonna get he for that . alex he play we from the very start . it be all just so he could get we to tap into Red Star . he could not figure out a way to do it himself . natalie who know that we be actually tapping into the main server for the National Security Agency ? dylan and now , thanks to we , he 's have hour to download whatever top secret information he want , for God know what reason . the angel take a beat to let they indignation grow . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 75 . continued : natalie wait a minute . we install the transmitter , yes , but we never give he the receiver . alex what ? natalie that laptop be the only way to access the transmitter . and we give the laptop to ... they look at each other ... angel bosley ! and on that note ... ext . beachfront compound - florida coastline - day we push in over the water to reveal the massive complex -- half - villa , half - castle . built into the green hill , it 's flanke by oversize windmills . ext . staircase - day armed guard , as if they be necessary , make sure no one go up or down a staircase that lean up into the tower , where they dangerous prisoner be be hold . int . compound tower - day bosley 's cell , as such , be a round room . bosley flit about in a panic . he 's hardly touch the gourmet food on he tray . except for the pudding . he love pudding . jump CUT to : still a-twitter , bosley flip through the 500 channel on he big-screen tv . he watch a few moment of E ! jump CUT to : as the thin man take the tray away , bosley suddenly attack he with the silverware . with a single hand to bosley 's forehead , the thin man hold he at arm 's length , harmless . he take the weapon away . jump CUT to : bosley whistle to a bright red songbird who have land on the windowsill . the bird whistle back . bosley think they be have a conversation . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 76 . continued : bosley be go a little insane . jump CUT to : in he spacious bathroom , bosley be sit on the toilet , rock as he make spaceman noise . we hear a plop in the water , and then a bleep bleep . curious , he stand up and look in the bowl . he 's surprised by what he see . CUT to : int . townsend agency - day Alex be on the phone , frantically dial number . alex come on , bosley , answer . ( she hang up , then , to the angel ) I have try all he number and page he five time . no answer . natalie I do not even want to think about what I be think right now . dylan do not ! he 's alive , he 's gotta be . if ... ( she pause ) what be that ? there 's a very faint voice come from bosley 's desk drawer . Dylan walk around the desk , yank it open ... bosley ( o.s. ) angel ! angel , can you hear I ! Dylan grab the radio receiver from the drawer , hold he up . bosley 's voice get louder . bosley ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know if you can hear I . I do not know if this thing be even work . the angel crowd around Dylan and the receiver . it seem impossible . ext . compound tower - day close on a satellite mini-dish mount to the roof . we crane down to look in a tower window , where bosley be hunch over the tv . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 77 . int . compound tower - day on the top of the tv , a wire run from the satellite feed to -- the tiny radio that bosley swallow at the spa . it 's work its way through he system . bosley I know you can not answer , but ... I really hope you can hear this . ext . ruins of townsend agency - day the angel still can not believe they be hearing he voice . dylan can we trace he ? natalie not off a boost signal . we would have to be within 20 mile . alex come on , bosley . tell we where you be . int . compound tower - day bosley I do not know where I be , really . I be in a round room . the wall be white . well . not white - white . more of a cream , or a eggshell . vanilla . yes , I be go to say vanilla . intercut this be not help . bosley ( cont 'd ) I can see the ocean . alex bingo . Dylan find a globe amid the wreckage . wipe off the soot . bosley I do not know which ocean . I be blindfolded the whole time . we be fly . it must have be three or four hour . maybe more . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 78 . continued : with she finger , Dylan figure out how far he could have fly . estimate the circumference . dylan ( frustrated ) he could be anywhere in North America . the bird bosley be whistling to land on the tv , look at the transmitter , curious . sing its song . bosley wherever it be , they have really good pudding . Natalie hold up a finger -- stop . dylan ( incredulous ) what , pudding ? the bird sing its song again . Natalie smile . natalie hear that ? that 's a blue spot egret . they only live in one place . alex Florida . the music revs up , as we ... CUT to : ext . villa courtyard a helicopter touch down inside the villa gate . knox and vivian emerge . int . compound - day knox and vivian walk into a fully mack computer room , where the thin man be supervise a techie as he tap away at bosley 's laptop . knox well ? thin man we access be cut off at the source . knox goddamnit ! thin man but not before we retrieve the information you want . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 79 . continued : the thin man pull a piece of paper out of a printer , hand they to knox . thin man ( cont 'd ) the National Security Agency 's secret file on the man know as Charles townsend . knox smile . take the print-out . knox finally . ( beat ) how about bosley ? do we get the information we want ? thin man once we we drugge he , he sing like a bird . the thin man hand knox another print-out . knox hmmm . Miami Arena . prepations have be make ? thin man yes . we move out tonight . knox excellent . ( beat ) where be bosley ? thin man in the tower . we be wait till you give the word . knox well ? no time like the present . the thin man nod . int . knox compound - day the thin man cock he gun as he head to the tower to do away with bosley . then ... henchman Sir ? you should take a look at this . the henchman lead thin man into ... security room a room line with monitor that survey the courtyard . henchman point to one in the corner . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 80 . continued : henchman ( cont 'd ) see here ? look at the timer on the camera . thin man it 's not move . ( beat ) oh , this be the oldest one in the book . punch up camera three . another camera angle come up , this also a view of the empty courtyard . thin man ( cont 'd ) now pan leave . the henchman do what he 's tell and , on the monitor ... we see dylan , dress in a black cat suit , as she rewire a security camera . she glance around , make sure no one see she . thin man ( cont 'd ) the old re-loop the video camera trick . and look , she 's not even carry a gun . ( beat ) what be this , amateur hour ? CUT to : ext . courtyard - day Dylan sneak she way through the courtyard , do a admirable job of try to stick to the wall . as she come around the corner . thin man ( o.s. ) um , excuse I ? I think you be trespasp . she whip around to see the thin man , stand right behind she . she instantly swing at he , he block it . she 's about to swing again when five gun get cocked against she temple . she 's surround by guard . now -- the thin man and he boy lead Dylan into the house . thin man ( cont 'd ) no offense , but as " storming the castle " plan go , this one suck . dylan oh yeah ? and I suppose you could do better ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 81 . continued : thin man yeah , I sure as hell could . dylan oh , right . thin man how about a underwater entry ? or hang glide over the main tower ? there 's a million good way in , if you just do you homework . Dylan glare at he , and as she do ... we move in close on Dylan 's funky belt buckle . there 's a tiny camera conceal there . ext . outside the compound - day Natalie and Alex huddle around a three - inch monitor , get live video from Dylan 's camera . alex you hear the man . natalie Nice work , dyl . they move into action . ext . second story verandah - day Dylan be lead inside by the thin man . knox be wait for she . thin man present for you , sir . knox Dylan , how nice . welcome to my Florida home . not as tasteful as the one in LA , but much more private . she shrug off the goons -- enough already . dylan so tell I , knox , what 's the brilliant plan ? you gonna sell a list of we foreign spy to the high bidder ? blackmail the President ? knox the first plan be too complicated , and the second be virtually impossible . ( more ) ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 82. continued : knox ( cont 'd ) besides , I already have all the money I need and my motivation be much simpler ... ( lean in close to she ) ... revenge . dylan revenge ? against who ? knox you know what ? I be not in a gabby mood right now . I have get a score to settle . he flip shut a suitcase fill with C - 5 explosive , the same stuff we see pascal sell in the open scene . dylan seem like you be go a bit overboard . knox no , just leave myself plenty of margin for error . Goodbye , Dylan . with that , he walk out of the room . the thin man signal to the henchmen . two of they force Dylan to sit in one of the wooden deck chair . then , with the thick pack tape , they begin bind she arm to the arm of the chair . as they do : dylan I do not know why you bother . I have already win . thin man be that so ? dylan every moment I sit here be a moment I be use to figure out how to take you down . in fact , this statement -- this one I be make right here -- be just I stalling for time while I decide which of you goons I be go to flatten first . ( whisper ) it 's gonna be the guy behind I . the thin man can not help but be amused . after all , there be six guard and one blonde -- who be now tape to a chair . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 83. continued : the thin man really ? dylan by the time you guy be fire , I will be at about 180 on my reverse invert 360 , which will land I on fat Boy there , as promise . ( nod to the second guard ) he will take the chair seat in the chin . ( be : two other ; very slowly ) now ... I be warning both of you : I be go to get you to shoot each other . I know . cliche as that sound . ( then to the last two ) last , you guy -- hell , I will make something up . we will have fun . the thin man smirk oh-so-confidently . the thin man and what will you do to I ? dylan you will not even be here . I mean , I do not want to tell you how to do you job , but you should have kill I by now . because I already know that you people be onto my people , which mean any moment now you be go to be call out to go and deal -- suddenly the door fly open and -- dylan ( cont 'd ) ah! see ? henchman at the door we have intruder . with a glare to Dylan , the thin man follow he out . int . underwater grotto Alex , dress in a sexy bikini , emerge from the water and instantly take out two guard . ext . SMALL garden - day natalie hang -glide into a courtyard , knock out two henchmen as she do . Alex catch up with she , as Natalie pull out a small scanner . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 84 . continued : natalie bosley 's close . alex you find he . I will get Dylan . Natalie head leave . Alex go right . int . tower office - day Racing up the stair , Natalie enter a round room with open window on all side . a gentle breeze stir the curtain . there 's a amazing 360 degree view , from hill to ocean . accord to she scanner , bosley should be here , but there 's no one . natalie ( yell ) bosley ! bosley , can you hear I ? int . bosley's round room day hear she voice , the feral bosley look up . bosley Natalie ! be that you ? int . tower office - day she hear he . she keep yell -- so do he -- until they both realize that he room be above hers . natalie how do I get up to you ? bosley there 's a staircase . look for a switch . she begin frantically check the desk , the shelf , everything . her cell phone ring . she answer it . natalie hello ?... Pete , hi ! how be you ? int . biltmore HOTEL - day on break , Pete be talk on a pay phone . pete I be good . I just -- you say you want I to call . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 85 . int . tower office - day Natalie keep check the shelf , look for a secret switch . natalie I do . I do . I mean , thank you for call . intercut pete I be not a insecure person or anything , and I have really enjoy the very brief time we have spend together . two goons race up the stair into the office . Natalie turn to face they . pete ( cont 'd ) I be just wonder if it 's something I say or do that 's make this whole thing so weird between we . the goons approach . natalie ( into phone ) can you hold on a sec ? hitting mute , Natalie kick the chair behind she and dive under the desk . she come up on the other side with a surge suppressor , electric cord attach . she backhand it into the goons , who jerk and twitch as electricity shoot through they body . natalie ( cont 'd ) ( un-mute ) one more sec . she re-mute . with a roundhouse kick , she flatten one of the goons , whack the other with the cell phone . the first goon charge at she , but she sidestep at the last moment , leave goon one to hit goon two . both man topple through the open window , fall . yikes . natalie ( cont 'd ) ( un-mute ) sorry about that . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 86 . continued : pete listen , be this a bad time ? natalie no . not at all . she start search again for the switch . pete you just sound distract . natalie you know , work this week have be really busy . it 's be hard to focus . behind natalie , vivian Wu reach the top of the stair . she move stealthily . Natalie have no idea she 's there . natalie ( cont 'd ) see , the thing be , I be not a full - time waitress . I should have be more up - front about that , it 's just ... at the last moment , Natalie catch a move reflection in a shiny trophy . turn to find vivian Wu swinging a antique chair at she head . she duck . the chair shatter the display case . scramble to get away , Natalie drop the phone . pete Natalie , what be that ? natalie ( yell to phone ) everything 's fine ! vivian wu hate to disagree . vivian upend the desk , nearly crush Natalie . vivian jump on top , ready to kick the shit out of we angel . as we probably suspect , vivian Wu be one hell of a martial artist . fortunately , so be Natalie . in they first series of blow , vivian seem to have the upper hand , but Natalie rally hard . vivian surprise she with a floor-sweeping kick , knock she down . vivian grab the phone off the floor . vivian wu ( cont 'd ) be this the famous Charlie ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 87 . continued : pete ( confuse ) no , it 's Pete . vivian look at the phone . who the fuck care ? she throw the phone out the open window . get up , Natalie stare she down , incredulity building to rage . natalie you bitch ! I like that guy . mock , vivian wipe away a tear . Natalie let forth a typhoon of fury , a full - out mortal kombat . vivian be throw back against the bookcase , where she knock over a candlestick . that 's the trigger for the bookcase to begin sink into the floor . circle around the room , each set of shelf drop to a different level , form step that lead to the upstairs room . as Natalie and vivian continue to fight , bosley stick he head down from above , watch the brawl . Natalie be kick ass . natalie ( cont 'd ) ( to vivian ) do you have any idea how difficult it be to find a quality man in Los Angeles ? she slam vivian into the wall . grab she again , hand around she head . vivian wu to be honest ? vivian suddenly lean forward and kiss she , right on the lip . vivian wu ( cont 'd ) I do not care . Natalie be surprised for a moment , which give vivian the chance to swing at she . she miss . natalie I can handle villainy . I can even handle super-villainy . ( vivian swing and miss again ) but what you do be just wrong . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 88. continued : she head -butt vivian , knock she out cold . she throw the limp body on the floor . a beat , then Natalie look up to see bosley . natalie ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly chipper ) hi , Bos ! he wave . ext . verandah - day from below , we hear security whistle . the compound have be breach . Dylan look at the six armed guard surround she . dylan here we go . and now she do exactly what she tell the thin man she would do : she pitch forward , ducking she head so the chair 's back crash into the railing , tear it off . she stand . dylan ( cont 'd ) okay , that part work . the Guards FIRE -- but Dylan have already launch herself from the railing into that backflip , which land she on the head of -- fat Boy , flatten he bad , and smash the rest of the chair into kindling . she grab the wooden seat and whip it up , catch bullet from Guard # 3 before fling it like a frisbee at Guard # 2 , nail he right on the chin . quickly she stand again , between Guards # 3 and 4 . dylan ( cont 'd ) now , guy , I warn you . this be where you shoot each other . the two man scoff , disbely . then Dylan do a head fake , both Guards panic , and fire , but Dylan drop , leave each man a clear shot at the other . both gape . both fall . just Guards # 5 and 6 leave . Dylan 's chair arm be still tape to she forearm . dylan ( cont 'd ) okay , here 's where we improvise . in a whirl , she overhead - chop Guard # 5 . drive she right arm into he shoulder while swinging she leave arm into the back of the Guard # 6's head . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 89 . continued : a few more blow , then both man fall . now Dylan drop into a second chair , half - exhaust , half - amused with herself . have one brief beat to take it all in , then -- bosley step onto the veranda , see Dylan sit in the chair . from he point of view : it look like Dylan -- whose arm be still strapped to the arm of the first chair -- be tape to the chair she now sit in . bosley oh my God , let I help you . bosley hurry over , " freeing she . " amuse , Dylan let he . Natalie step out from inside , pause to kick one guard who be start to revive . CUT to : ext . knox compound - day knox , carry the briefcase bomb , get into he wait helicopter , follow closely by the thin man . knox let 's go ! the helicopter quick ascend , just as ... dylan ( o.s. ) damn ! the three angel run into the courtyard . natalie do not worry , we will get he . dylan you do not understand . he 's get a pound of C - 5 in that briefcase . alex the question be , where 's he head ? bosley ( o.s. ) Miami . the three angel turn to see bosley , huffing and puffing he way into the courtyard . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 90 . continued : bosley ( cont 'd ) the man knox be try to kill have two general admission ticket to the duke- maryland game at Miami Arena . he 's go to blow up the arena and kill he target . dylan not that I do not believe you , but how exactly do you know all this ? bosley because angel , I be the one who purchase that ticket . natalie but bosley , you hate sport , why would you ... ( suddenly get it ) you do not buy they for yourself . alex you buy they for ... bosley lower he head . suddenly all the angel understand . angel charlie ! they race out the courtyard , in hot pursuit . CUT to : int . miami - day Racing across the water , we find thong - clad beach babe move to a Latin beat . Art Deco building flank sun-kiss street . the people be sexy , the daiquiris strong , and every night 's a fiesta -- welcome to miami . running down the street , towards Miami Arena , the three angel pass three other women rollerblade by : jill monroe , sabrina duncan and kelly garrett . nothing be say , but a cool moment just happen . CUT to : int . long , long , hallway -- later the three angel be run down a very long hallway . they voice be the only sound that echoe off this wall , although there be a faint hum that grow louder as they approach two , metal fire door . dylan what do you think he look like ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 91 . continued : alex sixty , tall , well - build . natalie I always see he as young . dylan definitely . with black hair . natalie no , silver hair . and tan . alex he 's not George Hamilton . natalie he 's outside a lot . dylan we will know he when we see he , that 's for sure . alex if we see he . natalie how hard can it be to spot Charlie ? they slam into the door , and we ... CUT to : int . miami arena - night we reverse angle to reveal the inside of Miami Arena . the first thing that hit we be the wall of SOUND , the noise make by twenty thousand people in a basketball induce frenzy . the next thing that hit we be the sheer magnitude of the job face the angel . hard to spot ? the crowd be one , enormous , teeming mass of brightly color humanity . dylan aw , shit . the game be in progress , Duke versus . North Carolina , and it 's a barn burner . a one point game with six minute to go . ball player pull up and swishes a three pointer , Duke by two . the crowd go apeshit . by the mezzanine the angel huddle , yell over the deafen noise of the crowd ... dylan ( cont 'd ) we have to split up ! ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 92 . continued : alex I will take the luxury box . dylan I will take the mezzanine . natalie I get the floor . they split up . Dylan lead the charge down the loge section , blow past the security woman , who yell after she . int . arena floor - night behind the rim , college player # 2 pull down a brick , slam home the rebound . the crowd roar . int . luxury box -- jason gibbon , famous movie star and North Carolina alumnus , pump he fist in the air . his luxury box be load with fellow tar heel and nameless studio executive . he repeatedly high fives a Hollywood type in sunglass and armani . jason yes , yes ! when suddenly , the door to the luxury box be flung open . alex ( yell ) Charlie !? Charles townsend ! Jason whip around and lock eye with Alex . jason Alex ? alex Jason ? ( beat ) shit . realizing she have no time to explain , and that Charlie be not in here , she turn and leave . jason alex ! hey ... while everyone watch , confuse , Jason push he way through the box and follow Alex into the hall . CUT to : charlie' angel - 8/18/99 93. int . arena -- mezzanine Dylan race past row of seat , pissing off plenty of fan in the process . dylan ( look everywhere ) Charlie ! Charlie ! flash FIRE in the stand . statistician scribble at they monitor . Natalie run behind they , scan the crowd . whip pan , from one man to another to another . stop on a likely candidate ... natalie Charlie ? likely candidate who ? the scoreboard clock count down . :60 . :59 . :58. int . luxury box - night Alex burst in . it 's a crowd of fifteen cocktail - drink business men . alex Charles townsend ? anybody , Charles townsend ? she duck back into the hallway . int . hallway -- continuous Alex walk out into the hallway , frustrated . then , miraculously , she spot he ... knox . he walk out of one of the luxury box , hold a large , metal briefcase . he head for the elevator . alex immediately go to intercept he , but ... thin man ( o.s. ) do not move . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 94 . continued : it 's the thin man , stand behind she , with a gun in she back . thin man ( cont 'd ) you move , you say anything , I perforate you . get it ? knox glance back at the thin man , nod to he . then he get in the elevator . the thin man start edging Alex towards some emergency exit door , gun still in she back . Alex be try to think of a escape , quickly . she know that the second he get she out of this public space , he 's gonna shoot she . the door get closer and closer ... jason ( o.s. ) Alex ?! Jesus , what be go on ? the thin man and Alex turn around to face Jason , who be sweaty and exasperate from chase she . alex Jason , hi , I ... the thin man dig the gun deeper into she back . alex ( cont 'd ) can I talk to you later ? jason no you can talk to I now . I want to know what the hell be go on . first , you disappear with no explanation , not even a goodbye . alex I be sorry , I ... jason now , I see you here , but you be with some other guy . thin man hey , movie star , do yourself a favor and get lose . Jason double take . he 's not use to someone talk to he like that . jason lemme guess . you must be Charlie ? alex Jason , please ... ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 95 . continued : jason no , no I be sick of this shit . I be sick of this asshole tell you what you can and can not do . and then , with no warning , he haul off and punch the thin man . now , Jason 's just a actor , not a ass-kick super detective , so he punch be not all that great . in fact , it leave Jason shaking he hand in pain . the thin man , a trickle of blood run from he lip , smile . thin man that be stupid . first , he pop Jason right in the jaw . Jason stumble backward , daze . then he reach for he gun , in the process , loosen he grip on Alex ... alex Jason , get down ! Alex spin out of the thin man 's grasp and do a full roundhouse kick , knock the gun out of the thin man 's hand . the thin man immediately respond , throw two quick punch , which Alex expertly block and then follow with a hitch - kick to the chin . Jason , daze and confuse , think he must be hallucinate . jason what the hell be go on ? what 's go on be a world class ass -kick , courtesy of he girlfriend . while the action star watch in amazement , Alex unload a arsenal of bad ass kung fu move that would make jet Li green with envy . the thin man do not stand a chance . a fly side kick send he stumbling backwards into the stairwell . we follow the fight ... int . stairwell -- continuous ... to the first landing . the thin man , batter and bruise , reach down to he ankle holster to get he spare gun , but Alex be too fast for he . she stamp on he hand , then drop a knee to he throat . alex right now , just by lean forward , I could crush you windpipe . you would die a slow and painful death . you do not want that , do you ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 96 . continued : the thin man shake he head " no . " alex ( cont 'd ) where be the bomb , when 's it go off ? she press harder . int . hallway Jason slam out into the stairwell , look for Alex . he find she on she walkie talkie , the thin man handcuff to the staircase . alex hi , Jason . gimme one second ? Jason nod , sure . we go to another triptych , all three angel on they cell phone in different part of arena . alex ( cont 'd ) angel ! knox plant the bomb in the basement , and it 's time to go off when the game clock hit zero ! natalie ( o.s. ) Roger that , Alex , I will stop the clock ! dylan ( o.s. ) I will look for the bomb ! Alex turn back to Jason . he 's clearly have a difficult time processing everything he 's just see . alex I lie to you Jason . I be not a secretary . jason yeah , I can see that . alex ( refer to the thin man ) and that be not Charlie . jason right . alex I be actually here to stop a madman from kill everyone in this building . would it be okay if we talk later ? ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 97 . continued : jason go save the world , honey . ( beat ) I will be wait for you . Alex smile . run off . int . arena Natalie stare up at the clock ... :30 . : 29 . the whistle blows . referee time out ! whew , that be close . but it will start up any second . she have to keep it stop . but how ? she glance to the sideline and get a idea . on the court -- music start from overhead , the respective team ' cheerleader come out for one last routine . as they kick into gear , Natalie come out with they , dress as a Duke cheerleader . she follow along with the dancer , a bit timid at first , then more confident as she get into it . int . arena basement -- beneath the court Dylan race through the basement , look for the briefcase . then she spot it , hook into some wire that snake up into ceiling above . Dylan approach it cautiously . she slowly open the top ... dylan ( to herself ) alright , Dylan , all we have to do be figure out which wire to cut . reveal the bomb -- there be about fifty different wire , in every color in the Crayola box . dylan ( cont 'd ) oh , shit . int . courtside Alex , still search for Charlie , notice something strange . alex you be kid I . charlie' angel - 8/18/99 98 . natalie be fully transformed on the court , from wallflower to full - out cheerleader . it 's not that she 's as good as the other cheerleader . she 's better . on the court the song end . the cheerleader vacate the court , but Natalie keep dance she heart out . she have 18,000 fan watch she , and she 's totally in the moment . but there 's another agenda as well ... courtside radio announcer the time out be over , but one cheerleader do not seem to notice . official can not start the clock again while she 's on the court . CUT to : int . miami arena -- continuous Dylan have pick two wire . dylan chartreuse and magenta . this have gotta be it . she prepare to snip they with she wire cutter , when ... knox ( o.s. ) I would not do that , if I be you . she spin to see knox , stand behind she . knox ( cont 'd ) see , if you snip any of that wire , the bomb will blow up . dylan it 's gonna blow anyway , once the clock get to zero . knox who tell you that , my idiotic henchman ? do you think I tell he anything that 's confidential ? he hold up a small triggering device . it 's the same one we see pascal try to sell in the open scene . knox ( cont 'd ) this be what triggers that bomb . so if you will kindly step away , I will refrain from kill both of we . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 99 . continued : realizing she have no choice , Dylan stand up and back away . knox ( cont 'd ) in different circumstance , Dylan , I think you and I could have work out . we have a lot in common . dylan yeah , I fall for asshole , and you be one . knox laugh . knox good one . ( beat , as he back up ) well , I must be go . if you like you body part attach to you torso , I suggest you do the same . knox turn to go , but the other angel be block he way . alex give it up , knox . you be surround . natalie give we the detonator . knox no ! stumble backwards , knox hold it up high . knox ( cont 'd ) I will blow this building sky high , I swear ! charlie ( o.s. ) do not do it , Eric . it 's I you want , not all this innocent people . everyone turn , as one , to a figure emerge from the shadow . knox Charlie ? that 's right , it 's Charlie . finally , after all this year , we get a look at he , and boy be it ... disappoint . he 's not what we expect . short , portly , dress in a " we be # 1 " t-shirt ; the angel be absolutely floor by Charlie 's appearance . angel Charlie ? Charlie ignore they stare and address knox directly . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 100 . continued : charlie you father be a double agent , Eric . yes , I reveal he , but he be kill by he own people before we could throw he in jail . ( beat ) he be my friend . knox it 's still you fault , you arrogant prick ! you still kill my father ! charlie maybe . maybe I do . but why should you kill all this people ? if you hate I so much , just shoot I . just shoot I , Eric . Charlie spread he arm , leave knox a plenty wide target . it 's a horribly tense moment . the angel be freeze , watch knox decide Charlie 's fate . knox be sweat , debate he choice . can he really do this ? Charlie 's not the glamorous , smug asshole he imagine . he start lowering he gun . knox okay . you be right . ( quickly ) I will just kill you . blam ! it all happen in the blink of a eye . knox fire , hit Charlie in the chest . Natalie leap out and tackle knox . Alex dive and grab the detonator , before it have a chance to go off . Dylan run to Charlie 's side . dylan Charlie , no . no ! she hold shim in she arm as the other angel gather round they fall leader . he gasp for air . dylan ( cont 'd ) he 's try to say something . then Dylan notice something weird . he 's not gasp for air , there 's something stick in he mouth . with a great , hack cough , he spit it out . it 's a voice chip , like the one Dylan use in the open scene . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 101 . continued : voice ucch , that taste terrible ! the voice be not Charlie 's . Dylan reach down and rip off Charlie 's mask , revealing ... natalie bosley ! be you okay ? bosley think so . he pull back the pad from the suit , revealing a small wound where the bullet graze he side . bosley ( cont 'd ) hurt , but it look like it will heel . Dylan laugh , Alex ruffle he hair . dylan hey , wait a second . if bosley 's here ... then where 's Charlie ? the angel all look at each other . no one know . ext . CENTER passage - day in gorgeous slow motion , the three angel walk side - by-side with a calm assurance , fireballs explode behind they . they win . as music rise , the angel triptych descend , then peel away to reveal ... ext . gorgeous beach - day the angel kick back on the white sand , tropical drink in - hand . bosley be there as well , with a grass hat and zinc on he sniffer . Charlie be on the cellular speakerphone . charlie' voice great work , angel . you will be happy to know you receive another presidential commendation . the angel , and bosley , clink glass . charlie' voice ( cont 'd ) enjoy you vacation , angel . the angel thank you Charlie . ( continued ) charlie' angel - 8/18/99 102. continued : they toast the speakerphone . charlie' voice Alex , Natalie -- I know you have be put in some long hour on this case , so I think you might enjoy a chance to catch up with some old friend . natalie and alex turn to see peter and jason walk across the beach towards they . each be carry a drink of he own . they wave . damn that man look good . Alex and Natalie share a smile . dylan any chance you will be join we , Charlie ? CUT to : a sunny deck we're in Charlie 's point - of-view . we can see part of he reflection in the window -- not enough to see he face , but we get some sense of the man . he turn away , begin walk . step down onto the sand . charlie ( to cell phone ) I would love to , angel . but I have some precious treasure to watch over . with that , he hang up . we stay in he p.o.v. , walk across the beach . and it 's not just any beach . to the left , we notice pete and jason approach . we be on the same beach . look right , we see the back of the angel and bosley . they have no idea that Charlie be walk right behind they . a beat , then Dylan look back . she look directly as we -- at Charlie -- tracking as we move past . do she somehow recognize it 's Charlie ? from she reaction , it 's not clear . a beat , then we ... charlie' angel - 8/18/99 103. reverse angle / not p.o.v. Dylan look back forward again . do she just see Charlie ? her smile tell we she think she do . she raise a toast . dylan to Charlie . the angel and bosley to Charlie . they knock glass . right at the moment we should probably fade out , bosley spill he icy drink in he lap . his eye go wide . the angel just have to laugh . we freeze frame , then ... CUT to black . the end