< !-- document . be trellix = 1 ; // --> illustrate script : charlie chan's chance function twenavbarpreload ( imgsrc , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { eval ( img obj + ' = new image ( ) ' ) ; eval ( img obj +'.src = " '+ img src + ' " ' ) ; } } function twenavbarchangeimage ( imgName , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { document [ imgName ].src = eval ( img obj + " .src " ) ; } } twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527b " ) ; Post -production script : charlie chan's chance charlie chan's chance screen play & dialog : phillip klein and barry connor cameraman : joseph august SOUND man : albert protzman art director : gordon wile costume : david cox film editor : alex . troffey business manager : SAM wurtzel assistant director : jasper blystone director : J. G. blystone cast of character Charlie Chan : warner oland Inspector flannery : jame kirkwood Inspector fife : H. B. warner Barry kirk : ralph morgan Kenneth dunwood : jame todd paradise : charle mcnaughton shirley marlowe : marion nixon gloria garland : linda watkins John Douglas : alexander kirkwood garrick enderby : herbert bunston kee lin : jame wang Doctor : joe brown Li gung : edward peil , sr . screen continuity date : January 9 , 1932 fade in wide shot exterior STREET outside the office of the criminal investigation bureau . traffic see go along the street - dissolve to - close shot on bronze panel in the wall of the building , show that in the building be the office of the New York Police Department . dissolve to title - title : " bureau of criminal investigation " dissolve to - close shot - interior bureau - on a fingerprint apparatus as the hand of official roll the roller over the ink preparatory to take fingerprint - as he do this and as he take the impression of each of the prisoner ' finger he speak : voice : come on - give we the other one - come on - come on . put it in there . ' fraid to get it dirty ? what 's the matter ? you have do this before . this be nothing new to you . nothing strange about it . okay . dissolve to - a shot along the file in the record room of the bureau - the camera move along the long row of file - voice of flannery hear before he be see - flannery's voice : this be we rogues ' Gallery . the camera take in flannery as he move to one of the file , draw out a slide from it - CUT to insert of the book of photograph of criminal , as flannery 's hand turn over the page , show the " rogues ' Gallery " - CUT to closeup on flannery stand at the record file - continue : you police department in honolulu have not any collection like this , have it Mr. Chan ? camera pan over to take in chan in closeup - as he reply : chan : not so many . the Islands be not yet so civilized as New York . ( turn ) Inspector fife , perhaps , have as many in Scotland yard . as he say this last camera pan to closeup on Inspector fife - fife : yes . unfortunately , the british Islands be also more civilized than the Hawaiian . camera pan back to the three man stand together by record file . flannery with the record before he . he point to one - flannery : here . here 's a man who 's - CUT to insert of the picture of criminal - voice of flannery continue through shot -- - hard to arrest . always have to be clubbed into submission . CUT to close shot on the three by file as flannery finish : he 's a hard nut . chan : hard nut ? flannery : yes - hard nut . chan : ( as he get this ) oh , I see . some head , like hard nut , much better if well crack . ( all laugh ) flannery : right . ( put record away in file ) I want you to see the lineup . this criminal be more interesting in the flesh . ( the three man start from the scene ) dissolve to - medium shot door to auditorium as flannery and the other two man enter to it - flannery open the door through which the big auditorium be see - and the three man go inside . voice heard as the door be open and they go inside - they move toward the background where there be a platform , and the wall back of it be mark out with a line scale - the area around platform more brightly light than the rest of the hall . flannery go up on the platform . Chan and fife stand nearby . flannery : ( address the audience of police officer before he ) boy - CUT to medium close shot on flannery on the platform , Chan and fife stand nearby as flannery continue : - this gentleman be Inspector fife of Scotland yard -- ( applause come through shot ) CUT to close shot on flannery as he speak - - and this gentleman be Inspector Chan of the honolulu Police , who 's be send here to study New York police method . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife stand before platform as flannery 's voice continue through shot - we have hear of sherlock holme , arsene lupin and now we have with we one equally know - Charlie - CUT to full shot in the hall , as the people applaud - flannery 's voice hear through shot - - chan. CUT to close shot on Chan and fife as they take bow . CUT to close shot on flannery as he continue : ( indicate audience ) and that boy be what I consider one of the finest detective organization in the world . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife stand together . chan : could not be otherwise . under strong general there be - CUT to medium shot of the group of three - flannery , Chan and fife as Chan finish : - no weak soldier . CUT to full shot by platform - flannery turn around to address someone stand before platform . flannery : ready with the lineup ? voice : all ready , Inspector . ( Calling off [ scene ] ) John hawkins . CUT to close shot on platform as big burly man come on - the man stand close before platform - back to camera address hawkins . man : hawkins . stand on the platform ... look straight out in front of you - take you hat off . CUT to medium close shot on flannery stand before a light read desk - audience glimpse dimly back of he as he speak . flannery : last night in Washington Heights he put a man to sleep with a blackjack - CUT to medium shot on Chan and fife stand in the aisle near platform as the voice of flannery continue through shot - flannery's voice : - kick all he tooth out and rob he of fifty dollar . what do you do for a live ? CUT to closeup on hawkins - ugly and insolent as he speak : hawkins : I be a dentist . CUT to close shot on flannery at the read desk as he speak : flannery : dentist , eh ? and you use a blackjack instead of gas . some idea . CUT to full shot by the platform hawkins here - man stand before platform - flannery and other in shot . flannery finish : take he off . hawkins exit - next prisoner be call . voice : isador rosenblatt ! put you hat on - ( hawkins exit the platform ) CUT to medium close shot on rosenblatt stand on platform - mike [ microphone ] see before he . voice continue through shot - look straight to the front . flannery's voice : this man be charge with enter a delicatess store on 116th Street and steal a ham . CUT to close shot - flannery continue : how do you come to steal a ham ? CUT to closeup on rosenblatt . rosenblatt : you be Inspector flannery , be not you ? flannery's voice : never mind my name . why do you do it ? rosenblatt : well , I will tell you the truth , Inspector . I take that ham for a poor starve irish family name flannery . CUT to medium shot by Chan and fife - flannery 's voice come through shot - flannery's voice : take he out . voice : step down off the platform . CUT to medium shot on platform as girl come to the platform . voice : Evelyn vandelear . flannery's voice : look straight out in front of you . CUT to close shot on flannery at read desk - flannery : this girl be charge with blackmail a man out of eight - CUT to closeup on Evelyn on platform , very tough - flannery finish : - hundred dollar . evelyn : eight hundred dollar ? say , that thirty - cent millionaire be just eight dollar short of have twenty cent , so wipe you nose on that one ! CUT to full shot by platform , flannery in foreground . flannery : ( to Chan and fife ) this young lady be what we call a live wire . CUT to close shot group and audience - flannery at read desk . flannery : right . CUT to full shot of platform . voice : take she off ! the rajah mangapore . CUT to close shot on platform as benny dress in tall hat and morning coat come on - man 's voice hear as he give instruction - voice : look straight ahead of you and take that steeple off . CUT to medium close shot on flannery stand before read desk as he speak : flannery : this man claim to be the seventh son of a seventh son - bear with - CUT to close shot on Chan and fife as voice of flannery continue : - a veil . he 's charge with fortune tell and swindling . CUT to close shot on flannery - continue : what have you to say for yourself ? cut to medium shot on benny stand on platform - as he speak - use extravagant gesture to illustrate he word . benny : I be no fortuneteller , you honor - I predict the future event by virtue of the science of astrology . CUT to medium shot by flannery - group and audience back of he . flannery : come on out from behind that whisker , benny . ( turn around to address audience back of he ) this be benny the dip . he use to imagine he be a pick - pocket but he could not get he hand in and out - CUT to medium shot on benny on platform as voice of flannery finish : - of a sugar barrel . benny : go on ! I be better than anyone you ever - CUT to medium close shot on flannery - benny 's voice finish : - knock off . flannery : well , you would better consult the star and find out how long it will be - CUT to full shot group and flannery , platform see background as flannery finish : - before you get out . benny : oh yes . flannery : take he off . man : step down - put that hat on . medium close shot flannery . flannery : ( to Chan and fife ) well , you have have enough of this , I guess . CUT to medium close shot on Chan and fife , fife look toward flannery off scene and speak : fife : it 's be very interesting , Inspector . thanks very much . chan : thank you so much . CUT to full shot in auditorium - as flannery , Chan and fife start down the aisle - fife : come on , Charlie . ( audience rise and applaud as they exit ) dissolve to exterior shot - STREET in Chinatown - traffic noise hear . dissolve to - interior kee lin' restaurant - medium close shot on Chan , fife and kee lin seat together in room - kee lin : ( in chinese ) you have hear the story about the mule who try to come down from the attic on a ladder . fife : ( turn to Chan as the latter laugh ) what be that ? chan : I will tell you later . fife : ( take out he watch and look at it ) come on , Charlie , we must be go . ( rise - shake hand with kee lin ) thank you , kee lin , for a most enjoyable - CUT to closeup on kee lin as fife finish : - dinner . kee lin : when you foot enter my humble dwelling I be honore - CUT to medium shot of the group as kee lin finish : - more than I deserve . fife : that 's nice of you . chan : ( rising ) good kitchen kill more man than sharp sword . ( telephone bell hear ) kee lin : telephone ! ( exit from scene ) CUT to full shot in another corner of restaurant as kee lin come down to the telephone in foreground , pick it up and speak into it - CUT to closer shot on kee lin at phone - kee lin : hi! hi! hello -- ( turn and call ) CUT to wider shot by kee lin - Chan enter from background to kee lin at phone - take phone from kee lin who exit from scene . chan : hello . what ? yes , Inspector fife be here . one moment . CUT to full shot in the restaurant as fife enter from background and take the phone from Chan . fife : thank you , Charlie . ( Chan move to background ) yes - yes - CUT to closeup on Chan listen . fife 's voice continue through shot . how long ago ? CUT to closeup on fife speak in phone : oh this be terrible . very well - I will be there as soon as possible . CUT to medium shot by Chan and fife - kee lin tip in shot - chan : something have happen ? fife : ( turn in direction of Chan ) Sir lionel Gray , former Chief of Scotland yard , have just drop dead in Barry kirk 's office in Wall Street . chan : so sorry . can I be of service ? fife : ( turn to Chan ) come with I , Charlie , will you ? ( to kee lin ) I be afraid we must go , kee lin . goodnight . kee lin : ( as fife make a step toward Chan then stop ) May blessing come and sit on you doorstep . ( in chinese ) goodnight . chan : goodnight . fife : goodnight to you . dissolve to - interior barry office - closeup on Doctor hammond . dr . hammond : unquestionably , gentleman , a case of heart failure . I should say Sir lionel have be dead over a hour . fife : he die in the line of duty . although retire , he be still investigate unsolve case . CUT to closeup on Chan . chan : this be you office , Mr. kirk ? CUT to closeup on kirk and fife . kirk : yes I - I turn they over to Sir lionel and he 's be stop with I in my penthouse upstairs . CUT to medium shot shoot down on fife , Chan and kirk -- Doctor tip in foreground . fife : do he complain of illness ? CUT to full shot on group around the desk - across which Sir lionel be sprawle . kirk : on the contrary , he be in fine spirit . Said he be on the verge of solving a important case . chan : do he name case ? kirk : no . CUT to closeup on kirk and fife as kirk continue : he ask I to invite several guest here tonight -- they be upstairs now . CUT to closeup on fife and Chan . kirk 's voice continue through shot - then unexpectedly someone telephone he for a appointment here . CUT to medium shot on fife , Chan and kirk - Doctor in foreground tip in . ( shoot down ) fife : who ? kirk : he give he name -- I do not recall it . CUT to closeup on kirk and fife . kirk continue : however , after Sir lionel have be absent a hour , I send my butler down and he find he - CUT to full shot on the group around the desk as kirk finish : - as you see he . chan : ( address doctor ) you be positive , honorable Sir , this man die of - CUT to closeup -- on Dr. hammond - Chan 's voice finish through shot - - heart failure ? dr . hammond : positive , sir . I would stake my professional - CUT to closeup on Chan and fife . Dr. hammond 's voice finish through shot - - reputation on it . chan : but who or what stop heart ? fife : ( turn to Chan ) what do you mean , Charlie ? chan : ( look at fife ) I have see strange thing in this room . fife : what ? chan : House cat have not move or take breath since we come . CUT to medium shot on group of four . kirk : cat ? why where ? chan : under that chair . CUT to full shot in the room - Chan move toward foreground where a chair stand , and push chair a little back -- below it lie cat . chan ( continue ) : Dead ! fife : be that you cat , Mr. kirk ? kirk : yes. fife : when do you last see it ? kirk : upstair - CUT to closeup on Chan listen to voice continue through shot . kirk voice : - just before dinner . fife' voice : that 's strange . chan : very strange . cat be like rich man 's heir -- never die out of sympathy . CUT to medium shot on the four man around desk at which Sir lionel lie dead . kirk : well , you do not think there 's a connection ? chan : ( indicating Sir lionel ) prominent detective be about to catch criminal -- at this point detective be find dead . fife : that may be mere coincidence , Charlie . chan : I always suspect coincidence - ( indicate he nose ) - same as nose always suspect ancient cheese . CUT to close shot on fife , Chan and kirk . fife : you really think -- CUT to full shot on the group around desk - chan : yes . hold guest upstairs . telephone Inspector flannery . this be murder . the man turn - fife move down to the desk telephone and as he raise it to call number - fade out . fade in interior barry kirk penthouse . medium shot on group in room . flannery : ( to paradise ) well go on , what happen then ? paradise : why sir , Mr. kirk send I below for Sir lionel and I find the office door and the window open and breeze blow all the papers about , sir . so I close the window , go into the private office and there , sir , I - I find Sir lionel . fife : have not I see you before , somewhere ? paradise : ( turn to fife ) I think not , sir . flannery turn - camera move over with he to take in the guest . flannery : if anyone can throw any light on this affair I would like it now . it will be much pleasanter all around than if I have to dig it up later . CUT to closeup on kirk , as he stand very thoughtful . CUT to closeup on gloria - seat . CUT to full shot of the group - seat in the room . CUT to close shot on enderby . CUT to close shot on Mrs. enderby - very nervous . CUT to close shot on Mrs. enderby 's hand play with pearl necklace . CUT to full shot of the guest in room . CUT to closeup on dunwood - watch . CUT to closeup on flannery - he turn around . CUT to closeup on gloria - watch . CUT to shot of the room as flannery move over and come to pause before gloria 's chair . flannery : miss garland , you say you be a actress ? gloria : yes , and a lot of other have say it too . flannery : I will take you word for it -- ever play England ? gloria : yes , often . fife move over closer to gloria stand before she as he speak : fife : have you ever meet Sir lionel before tonight , miss garland ? gloria : never . fife : what time do you arrive here tonight - CUT to close shot on gloria - as fife 's voice continue : - for dinner ? gloria : I have intend arrive at eight but come up the stair I break my string of pearl - CUT to close shot on Chan , fife and flannery , voice of gloria continue : - and I spend about twenty minute - CUT to close shot on gloria , as she finish : - pick they up - make sure I - CUT to full shot of the group as she finish : - have not lose any . fife : I see . flannery : ( move over to corner where enderby and wife sit ) Mr. enderby - Sir lionel be evidently look for a englishman . you be bear in England , be not you ? CUT to medium close shot on Mr. and Mrs. enderby - enderby - very indignant as he reply : enderby : be that a offense ? mrs . enderby : garrick ! please . he 's not accuse you of anything . enderby : bah ! I do not like this question . be we suspect ? CUT to close shot on Chan and fife . fife : every guest here have the opportunity during the bridge game after dinner to leave this room . CUT to medium shot on enderby and Mrs. enderby as fife 's voice finish through shot - do you ? enderby : ( indignantly ) no I do not . mrs . enderby : ( interrupt ) oh , but garrick you -- enderby : ( glaring down at Mrs. enderby ) bah , must you contradict ? what be you go to say ? mrs . enderby : nothing . CUT to closeup on dunwood - dunwood : but you leave the room just after we lose the third rubber - CUT to medium close shot by enderby and Mrs. enderby - dunwood 's voice finish : - do not you ? enderby : you be quite mistaken . I have not leave the room this evening . CUT to full shot on the group in the corner of the penthouse apartment . dunwood : my error - sorry . enderby : ( indignantly ) sorry - bah ! ( exit ) CUT to closeup on dunwood and flannery - flannery : and you , Mr. dunwood ? dunwood : yes , I be out quite a while - in the garden - admire the skyline . kirk : ( enter to the two ) I can vouch for Mr. dunwood - I bring he out a drink . dunwood : oh , but I do not drink it , Inspector . kirk : my error . I should not have mention it before the Inspector . sorry . flannery : ( to dunwood ) be it a good drink ? dunwood : excellent . flannery : how do you know it be ? dunwood : ( smiling ) you have I there . flannery : you be a englishman too , be not you ? dunwood : Australian , educate in London and Heidelberg . flannery : and you office be in this building ? kirk : he be my first important tenant . that 's how we become friend . now he attend to all my investment . CUT to full shot in the room , the group in corner -- flannery back to camera . flannery : thank you , lady and gentleman . I will not keep you any longer . let 's look around . ( move over as he finish and go through door ) CUT to full shot other side of door as flannery enter through it - two man here - he address they - Chan and fife follow flannery . flannery : all right , boy - report to headquarters . man : okay Chief . ( the two man exit ) CUT to exterior roof of penthouse . medium shot on Chan , fife and flannery stand by parapet look over - the apartment be see through window - two man stand inside - flannery : ( point over parapet ) there 's we financial district , Charlie . CUT to long shot on the financial district - night - building with light window . CUT to medium shot on the group on penthouse roof - interior see through window . that 's the battery down there . that light you see - that 's the Brooklyn Bridge . chan : I must see it in daytime . flannery : I wonder who make that telephone appointment with Sir lionel . chan : he be interested in one of this guest . which one ? fife : I have see that butler in the prisoner ' dock in England somewhere . chan : yes ? fife : yes. Scotland yard will have the record . CUT to closeup on fife and Chan , as fife continue : what do you think of enderby ? chan : enderby ? oh he remind I of little lamb . fife : what ? chan : every few second - CUT to full shot of the three on the penthouse roof as Chan finish : - he say bah ! bah ! fife : very rude to he wife , be not he ? CUT to closeup on Chan and fife . chan : maybe some people on sea of matrimony wish they have miss boat . CUT to full shot on penthouse roof as kirk come out from inside to the group . flannery : Mr. kirk , I wish you could remember the name of the man who make that telephone appointment . kirk : it be John something . I be sure I would recognize it if I hear it again . fife : ( to flannery ) I wonder if you man have find any fingerprint ? flannery : I be go down and see . ( exit right foreground ) CUT to long shot on the step that lead down from the roof as flannery go down from the roof . CUT to medium shot on Chan , fife and kirk on penthouse roof . chan : ( move forward ) be possible for any of the party to have go downstairs to office below ? ( indicate direction as he speak ) kirk : yes it be . chan : let we go down . ( exit from scene ) CUT to interior kirk office . flannery come in through the door - two man be here by the desk - with apparatus for photograph fingerprint . flannery : any print ? expert : yes , sir , about ten of they - they look very good , too . flannery : ( stand before desk , spread he finger on the desk as he speak ) yes , someone stand here with he finger on the desk - face Sir lionel . shoot they down to headquarters - for classification . ( move to telephone and pick it up ) expert : yes sir . flannery : ( speak into phone ) Operator , I want you to get I spring 7-3100 . CUT to shadow shot on door - and wall - the shadow move along and then Chan come into the scene , walk along close to wall , look around he --- move along , enter the office , stand back to camera as he speak : chan : do Sir lionel keep papers in this safe ? kirk : ( enter to Chan ) yes . chan : open please . kirk go through raile part of office to safe - CUT to medium shot on flannery at the phone , expert by he . flannery speak into phone . flannery : flannery speak . give I the Lieutenant . CUT to closeup on flannery as he continue , into phone - Lieutenant , I want you to trace all call make on hanover 2-7700 in the last twenty - four hour . CUT to close shot on kirk , Chan and fife in office by safe - kirk be take picture , etc. from open safe . kirk : ( as he empty last papers from safe ) why that 's odd - he must have remove the papers . chan : ( paper in he hand ) perhaps person who remove he also remove papers . what be this ? ( examine card ) CUT to insert of cosmopolitan membership card -- kirk 's voice come through shot - kirk voice : that 's the membership book to the cosmopolitan Club - CUT to medium close shot on Chan and kirk as kirk finish : I procure a two week ' guest card for Sir lionel . chan : ( indicating name in book ) know any of this ? kirk : no . CUT to full shot of the group in room - kirk and other be see . background - flannery move toward they from foreground . fife : ( as flannery enter ) we find the safe have be rob - CUT to medium shot by the group - fife finish : - of all Sir lionel 's papers . flannery : there 's you motive , gentleman . fife : undoubtedly . CUT to close shot on flannery . flannery : I think the autopsy will - CUT to medium close shot on Chan , kirk and fife . flannery 's voice continue : - show he be kill by with gas . chan : a almost perfect crime . Doctor extremely positive verdict be heart failure . CUT to full shot on group - Chan and kirk hold papers in hand . fife : yes and we would have believe he but thanks to you , Charlie . chan : no , thanks to honorable cat . CUT to close shot on Chan and kirk as Chan continue - hold membership card in hand - here 's number write - thirteen thirteen . ( move over - camera with he to flannery ) you think this mean something ? flannery : I do not think so . chan : sometimes very small cloud hide sun . CUT to full shot of the group - telephone bell ring - flannery pick up phone - flannery : ( into phone ) hello , yes - yes . CUT to closeup on flannery as he continue into phone . what 's the number ? how 's the telephone list ? CUT to full shot on the four man as flannery speak in to phone : what name ? John R. Douglas . kirk : ( look toward flannery ) that 's the name - John R. Douglas . flannery : ( holding up hand to silence kirk ) what 's the address ? what 's he business ? right . ( put phone down ) gentlemen , guess what this man 's business be ? fife : what ? CUT to close shot on flannery . flannery : hes a manufacturer of chemical . fit - CUT to close shot on Chan , kirk and fife . flannery continue : flannery's voice : - do not it ? chan : yes - like duck 's foot in mud pond . CUT to full shot on the four man . flannery : hm - I think we be after the right man . I will give you a ring as soon as we pick he up . ( exit ) kirk : thanks . CUT to closeup on fife , smile as he speak : fife : Quick work , what ? he 's what you Americans call a hot shot . CUT to medium shot Chan , fife and kirk . chan : chef who cook with gunpowder make quick fire . kirk : well , gentleman , may I offer you a drink ? chan : no thanks . CUT to close shot on Chan and kirk as Chan continue : on subject of drink I be one-round prize-fighter . second round always knock - out . kirk : I hope flannery be after the right man . CUT to full shot on the three . fife : think I will telephone Scotland yard . will you get it for I , Mr. kirk ? kirk : certainly . ( lift phone ) fife : thank you . kirk : ( into phone ) hello - CUT to close shot on kirk and Chan , as kirk continue into phone . - get I transatlantic Operator , please . I want to speak to Scotland yard , London , England . CUT to interior exchange - close shot on operator at switch board - ( girl ) . operator : what be you number , please ? CUT to interior kirk office . close shot on kirk at phone . kirk : hanover 2-7700 . CUT to interior exchange - closeup on operator ( girl ) at switch board - girl : Scotland yard , London . CUT to another exchange - medium close shot on male operator at big switch board as he raise phone , plug in - man : be you through to London ? CUT to closeup on dial indicator as the hand travel around the face of the dial . CUT to wide shot on open country with the high tower - from which the spark of the electric current be see - as it come from the top of the tower and travel across the sky - night . fade to wide shot over ocean - show the electric current pass through space over the ocean - night . fade to wide shot country location light from small house see - the electric wave pass through space toward large receive tower - night . CUT to exterior london telephone exchange - man with earphone at switch board operate key . dissolve to - close shot of girl at switch board . girl : hello - be you there ? this be London . I will put you through to Scotland yard . CUT to close shot on girl operate switch board . CUT to a exterior shot . CUT to interior scotland yard office of Chief - medium shot - Chief seat at desk - clerk stand at desk speak into phone . clerk : hello , be you there ? yes , this be Scotland yard . ( to Chief ) here 's New York on the telephone , sir . chief : ( as he take phone from clerk ) thank you . ( into phone ) hello . CUT to interior kirk office . close shot on kirk , Chan and fife - fife speak into phone . CUT to closeup of fife speak in phone : I be sorry to report - Sir lionel grey be murder here tonight . CUT to interior scotland yard . close shot on Chief speak into phone . chief : oh , terrible ! CUT to interior kirk office . closeup on fife at phone . fife : please cable I immediately , in code , name of case in which he be interested and full detail . also complete data on a man name - CUT to closeup on Chan and kirk . Voice of fife finish through shot - - stanley paradise . CUT to interior scotland yard - close shot on Chief at desk , speak into phone - chief : yes , you shall have it forthwith . CUT to interior kirk office - medium close shot on fife , kirk and Chan . fife : thank you . ( put phone down ) kirk : ( to fife ) be you investigate my butler ? fife : ( turn to kirk ) merely a matter of routine , Mr. kirk . kirk : oh. well , gentleman , I will see you upstairs . CUT to full shot in office as kirk exit . Chan move down to foreground where fife stand . fife : strange lack of clue , Charlie . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife . chan : remember , nothing but the wind can pass the sun without casting shadow . fife : ( indicating direction ) let 's take a look in here . CUT to full shot as Chan and fife exit - camera with they , as they move through to another part of office where two man be . man : ( to other man as Chan and fife enter ) all right , mac. mac : goodnight , Inspector . man : goodnight . ( Mac and the man exit ) CUT to close shot on Chan and fife at the desk . fife : Charlie , I be go to make a important inquiry . chan : yes ? fife : you have solve some extraordinary case . I wish I could make you stay and help I . chan : ( take out envelope from pocket ) you forget , there 's new baby in we family in honolulu . fife : no I do not . it 's a boy , be not it ? chan : oh yes , a boy . most fortunate . out of eleven opportunity , I have be unfortunate three time . fife : ( laugh ) that 's splendid . chan : well , I must send cable . ( sit down at desk ) baby will have to wait a while to see old papa . ( take out cable blank ) fife : ( stand at desk ) you mean you will stay , Charlie ? CUT to close shot on Chan look up in direction of fife . chan : when friend ask , friend give . CUT to medium close shot on Chan and fife . fife : that 's splendid . thank you , Charlie . CUT to close shot on Chan at the desk - take up pen , dip it into ink , and try to write with it . unsuccessful - so pick up another pen . CUT to medium close shot on Chan seat at desk , fife stand by he - Chan draw the ink stand to he - CUT to close shot Chan dip pen into ink again - as he do so the pen come into contact with something in ink well - Chan lean forward as he get this . CUT to closeup on Chan 's hand hold the pen as it stir around in the ink well - CUT to close shot on Chan , take up small piece of blotting paper and blot the ink out of the ink well . CUT to close shot on fife watch this operation . CUT to close shot on Chan as he extract pearl from ink well . CUT to closeup on Chan 's hand - it lift the pearl between finger . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife as Chan examine the pearl . CUT to close shot of he two - another angle . chan : Pearl from string . fife : the break necklace . CUT to close shot - different angle of two . dissolve to - wide shot exterior road house cafe night - as a car drive up to the door of the cafe . disolve to - interior lobby of cafe as shirley come up the stair in background , move down to foreground where waiter stand near entrance to dining room . waiter : how do you do , madam . CUT to medium close shot on shirley and waiter near entrance to dining room . shirley : Mr. John R. Douglas - I be to meet he here . waiter : oh , yes madam - ( glance through doorway to cafe ) - this way please . CUT to full shot as the waiter and shirley start down into the cafe pass table and on to a corner table - CUT to another shot by corner table as the waiter bring shirley to Douglas , who be there . waiter : here 's the lady , sir . JOHN : hello , shirley . shirley : hello . be I late ? JOHN : no . you must have hurried . shirley : oh I do . CUT to close shot by John , shirley and waiter at table . waiter : ( handing menu to John ) Supper sir ? JOHN : ( to shirley ) Supper ? shirley : oh - oh no , thank you , nothing to eat . just coffee . JOHN : the same for I , please . waiter : yes sir . ( exit ) CUT to closeup on shirley . shirley : you know , I have a feel I be be follow . CUT to medium close shot on the two at table . JOHN : so do i. shirley : you do ? CUT to closeup on shirley as she continue : do you see Sir lionel ? CUT to closeup on John . JOHN : yes , but it be not easy . CUT to closeup on shirley . shirley : he do not refuse to see you ? CUT to closeup on John . JOHN : oh no , no . he be attend a bridge party in Barry kirk 's penthouse and I be oblige to wait in the office below . CUT to medium close shot on the two as John continue : he seem surprised when he find I would come from you - try to trick I into tell he where you live and you name . shirley : but you do not ? JOHN : of course not . CUT to closeup a John as he continue : I tell he I would not unless he promise to protect you . CUT to closeup on shirley as John 's voice continue though shot -- but he refuse to compromise . CUT to medium close shot of the two . shirley : what will he do ? CUT to closeup on John . JOHN : he say if you do not tell he where Alan Raleigh be and testify against he - CUT to medium close shot on the two as John continue : - he would find you , take you back to England and try you as a accessory after the fact for shield a murderer . CUT to full shot by table - the waiter enter with coffee and cup on a tray and start put they on the table . CUT to close shot on John and shirley as the cup and coffee be put down on the table before they . CUT to medium close shot on the group at table - waiter finish put cup , etc. down . CUT to closeup on shirley , she head a little avert . CUT to medium shot as waiter exit . CUT to close shot on John and shirley . John continue - now that waiter have go . I plead with he - tell he he be heaping tragedy on a girl who have suffer too much already . but he 's a iceberg . CUT to closeup on shirley much distress as she speak . shirley : but do not you tell he I do not know where Alan be ? that I would never see he since that night in London ? CUT to closeup on John . JOHN : he do not believe it . I tell he he be ask too much of you -- of any girl -- to send a man she once love to a hangman . CUT to medium close shot of the two . shirley : could not he understand that ? JOHN : ( fold he hand on the table ) he agree to think it over - he tell I to come back tomorrow afternoon at - CUT to closeup on shirley . John 's voice finish : - three o'clock . shirley : maybe he say that so he can have you follow and find I . CUT to medium close shot on the two . JOHN : in that case I would better not see he again . ( he take up coffee pot to pour coffee ) shirley : ( stop he ) I do not think I even want coffee , John . do you mind take I home ? JOHN : of course not . ( put coffee pot down again ) ( call off [ scene ] ) check , please . CUT to full shot by the table as waiter to the table with check , which John take , pay waiter - waiter : thank you . as John and shirley rise from table - dissolve to - exterior shirley' apartment house . they get out of the car and start up step to door . CUT to close shot on shirley and John outside apartment house door - he kiss she - JOHN : goodnight , dear . think it over . marry I and we will go away together . CUT to medium close shot on the two . shirley : oh , I would like to . I love you better than anything else in the world , but do not ask I to decide now . goodnight , dear . ( they kiss again - John open the door for she and she go inside ) CUT to exterior STREET by car as John come down to the car , get into driver 's seat and start car - CUT to full shot exterior apartment house as John drive out in car . dissolve to - full shot exterior street near fill station - flannery stand in foreground with fill station man - newsboy enter from background shouting papers - newsboy : extra ! all about the Wall Street murder ! all about the Wall Street murder . extra - paper . flannery : hey , boy ! the boy come down from foreground to flannery with paper -- in the background a car drive into scene toward fill station . newsboy go away shouting he ware . his voice continue throughout the scene as he shout : newsboy : paper ! extra ! all about the Wall Street murder . thank you . Paper , sir ? here you be . medium shot on John 's car go along . CUT to medium shot by fill station as John drive he car in to the foreground , stop just where flannery and the fill station man stand . newsboy 's voice continue shouting : Paper ! Paper ! all about the Wall Street murder ! Paper - extra ! extra ! even Journal ! all about the Wall Street murder . CUT to close shot on the fill station man , stand by car in which John sit - man give broad and know wink to flannery - CUT to medium shot on flannery and John - who be in car - as flannery open the door of the car and speak : flannery : come on - get out on this side . CUT to close shot by John and flannery - JOHN : what for ? flannery : ride down to headquarters . JOHN : why ? flannery : take a look at that headline . as he say this , flannery hand the paper he have just buy to John . John take it and study it - CUT to insert on the paper with glaring headline about murder of Sir lionel grey . CUT to medium close shot by John and flannery as John look up from the paper to flannery - fade out . fade in interior kirk office - medium shot as flannery enter to fife and Chan , who stand back to camera . flannery : the autopsy show no sign of poisoning in the stomach but the lung show - CUT to close shot fife with Chan , as flannery finish : - gas . fife : have Douglas decide to talk yet ? CUT to closeup on flannery . flannery : he deny he be here last night but the fingerprint we find on the desk be he . CUT to close shot on Chan , fife and flannery - chan : what about the elevator boy ? flannery : identify he positively - CUT to another close shot of the group as flannery continue : - as the man he bring up and take down just about the time of the murder . when we prove Douglas be lie he shut up like a clam . fife : that look bad for he . flannery : he 's guilty . if he be not , why do he lie ? why be he afraid to talk ? CUT to another close shot of the three man . chan : silence be golden except in police station ... flannery : I be go down and give he another grill . where can I reach you ? ( this to fife ) fife : we be stay here - CUT to another medium close angle of the group as fife continue : Mr. kirk insisted upon we be he guest during the investigation . flannery : we ? ( to Chan ) think you be on you way to honolulu . CUT to another close angle of the three . fife : no - Mr. Chan have kindly consent to stay . flannery : oh - think we need help , Charlie ? chan : ( indicating fife ) Inspector fife - ( change tone ) oh , I want to go home and meet new boy . fife and flannery laugh . flannery : do you mean to say I have the wrong man ? CUT to close shot of the three - different angle . flannery tip in . chan : can happen . even wise fly sometimes mistake spider web for old - CUT to full shot on the three , Chan finish : - man 's whisker . flannery : well I hope you dig up something . it sometimes take two head to . chan : ( make gesture ) also take two head to make empty barrel . flannery : see you later . ( exit ) CUT to medium close shot on door as flannery exit through it . CUT to close shot by Chan and fife - fife : yeah . Charlie , tell I , why - why do you pay so -- ( pause as he see Chan look off scene - look that way also ) CUT to close shot on door with glass panel against which man 's shadow be see . CUT to close shot by Chan and fife , fife start away . CUT to medium shot in room as fife go to the door and open it quickly , disclose paradise outside , listen . paradise : pardon , sir - I -- CUT to close shot on Chan - he be watch suspiciously toward direction of paradise ( off [ scene ] ) . Voice of paradise continue through shot -- paradise's voice : I be just about to knock . CUT to medium shot on fife and paradise at door - as paradise continue : letter address to Sir lionel - ( hand large envelope to fife ) - CUT to medium shot by group of three - camera shoot toward Chan through doorway at which fife and paradise stand . paradise continue : - and miss garland 's wait upstairs , sir . fife : thank you . paradise : yes , sir . CUT to close shot on Chan - watch toward direction of paradise . CUT to medium shot by Chan . fife enter to he with the envelope in he hand . fife : from Scotland yard to Thomas cook and sons. chan : be not garrick enderby with cook and Son ? fife : ( open the letter ) yes. ( examine content of envelope ) a blank sheet of paper ! ( hold up envelope and examine it closely ) Charlie , this envelope have be steam and re-seal . ( Chan have the paper in he hand and be examine it through magnify glass ) chan : ( examine paper through glass ) and whoever do this forget to cleanse he hand . fife : why ? chan : there 's one fine thumb print . fife : show I . ( take paper and glass from Chan - examine paper ) hm. I be go to try and match that thumb print at Thomas cook and son . Charlie , I will get you to interview miss garland for I - will you ? chan : me? fife : ( nodding he head ) yes . Charlie search through he pocket and take out pearl , hold it between he finger - exit from scene . CUT to interior room in kirk penthouse apartment - medium shot on dunwood and gloria - as they speak the camera move closer to they . dunwood : well I leave you to the tender mercy of the police . gloria : stay here with I - I be frighten . CUT to close shot of the two - dunwood face camera . dunwood : great Scott ! you do not know anything to tell they do you ? CUT to close shot of the two - different angle - gloria face camera . gloria : no. CUT to close shot of the two . dunwood face camera . dunwood : oh , well in that case speak freely . ( he turn ) CUT to fuller shot of the two as dunwood continue : kirk 's wait for I - I will see you later . dunwood exit - gloria move toward the table at background near window - camera move back as she go . paradise : ( enter from foreground ) May I bring you something to drink while you be wait , miss garland ? gloria : ( as she take out cigarette and light lighter ) no , thank you . paradise exit , gloria light she cigarette - Chan see enter scene outside on the roof - Chan come into the room . chan : good morning , miss garland . Inspector fife appoint I unworthy - CUT to closeup on gloria as she turn - Chan 's voice finish through shot . - substitute . gloria : ( rising ) I tell Inspector flannery everything I know about this last night . CUT to close shot on Chan . chan : humbly begging pardon , I be in great hurry . CUT to full shot of the two - gloria be move away from Chan . Chan enter to she - camera move up on the two as Chan continue : how do this pearl from you break string mix itself with ink on Sir lionel 's desk ? ( hold up pearl as he speak ) gloria : it be not mine . ( she move away - Chan follow she ) chan : do not tangle foot on fringe of murder . ( gloria move down ) ( Chan follow ) only foolish mouse play with cat . be you in Sir lionel 's office last night before he die or after ? gloria turn from Chan without answer and move to window seat in background where she sit . Chan move after she . CUT to closeup on Chan and gloria , as Chan seat himself by gloria . gloria : ( realizing she have get to speak ) wait - I will tell you everything . he stop I as I pass the office on my way up here . he tell I he have ask Mr. kirk to invite I here for a special request . chan : and that reason be --? gloria : he ask I about a girl who disappear from a show four year ago in London - a girl I play with . he want to know if I would see she in New York . I tell he no . chan : why do you tell he no ? gloria : we be dear friend . she 's a lovely girl . I be afraid I might get she into some trouble . chan : where can I find she ? what be she name ? gloria : she 's know as the masked dancer at the folly . chan : the masked dancer at the folly ? CUT to medium close shot on the two - Chan speak to someone off [ scene ] . paradise , my hat . ( rise ) ( to gloria ) pardon haste . thank you so much . ( hand she pearl as he say ) oh , you pearl . gloria : ( rising ) be that all you want to know - just that one thing ? chan : one at a time be good fishing . CUT to wide shot in the room as paradise enter with Chan 's hat , hand it to he - open door for Chan - who go out . fade out . fade in interior stage of folly - full shot shoot down on the masked dancer as she run on to the stage - center - take she bow to the applause which come through the shot . the curtain come down - dancer move toward wing to exit . CUT to full shot shoot down on to the stage , show other dancer around - as shirley ( the masked dancer ) run along stage toward the stair up which she start . CUT to shot on the stair as shirley run up the stair - another shot - she come to door to dress room at top , through which she go . CUT to interior dressing room full shot as shirley come in and sit down at dresser . CUT to medium shot in wing of stage - Chan be here with stage hand - the stage hand point in the direction of the stair . man : there 's she room - number one - right up there . chan : thank you so much - ( Chan exit from the scene ) CUT to interior dressing room - shirley seat at the dress table , prepare to remove make up . CUT to interior dressing room door by stair , as Chan come to it - take out card from he pocket and write on it - knock on door . CUT to interior dressing room - full shot - as knock be hear shirley speak to may . shirley : see who it be . ( rise - may go to door ) CUT to exterior of door - may open it . chan : ( handing card to may - off scene ) will you give card to lady , please ? maid be voice : yes sir . Chan stand by the door - up the stair come the chorus girl on they way to dress room - they pass Chan as he stand at the door watch they . chorus girl : ( as she pass Chan ) who order chop suey ? CUT to another shot on the stair . more chorus girl run up the stair . second chorus girl : no laundry today . CUT to medium shot shoot from the stair toward Chan who stand by dress room door watch the girl as they run up the stair - they costume decidedly scanty . chan : so I notice . CUT to close shot interior dressing room by door as the may open it to Chan outside - say : maid : can not you see Mademoiselle after the matinee , sir ? chan : tell she I be afraid person Sir lionel seek may disappear again . shirley' voice : ask he to come in . Chan come into the room - camera move over with he as he cross to shirley at dress table - she speak to may -- shirley : Tanya , would you wait outside , please ? CUT to closer shot on Chan and shirley - she be seat at the dresser - Chan stand by she . chan : I must ask you please to remove mask . shirley : I always wear it to and from the theatre and while I be here . CUT to medium close shot on the two . chan : also , perhaps , to avoid recognition . ( shirley rise ) CUT to closeup on shirley as she remove she mask . CUT to medium shot of the two . shirley : well ? chan : you look like nice girl ... ( she turn away from Chan ) - you have not be happy since that night in London four year ago when you disappear ? CUT to close shot on shirley , distress as she speak : shirley : you be make sure I will never be happy again , be not you ? chan's voice : I seek only truth . CUT to medium shot on the two as Chan continue : a man have be arrest and charge with murder . I do not believe he 's guilty . CUT to closeup on shirley as she speak a little wildly . shirley : he be not -- he 's innocent . why , he do not even know Sir lionel be dead . he be go back this afternoon to see he . CUT to medium shot of the two . chan : you know he be there then ? shirley : he go to Sir lionel to plead for I . chan : he be shield you ? that be why he will not talk . ( turn around look down toward chair ) May I take seat ? shirley : of course . chan : thank you . now tell I ... shirley : you will only use what I tell you - CUT to closeup on Chan - shirley 's voice finish through shot - - against I . chan : you forget police be also human being . you can trust I . CUT to closeup on shirley as she sit down . CUT to medium shot on Chan and shirley - as she turn in Chan 's direction - CUT to closeup on shirley as she start to speak : shirley : well I be in love with Alan Raleigh . we be to be marry - I be young - infatuated . the day after he aunt 's death I discover he be guilty of the crime . CUT to close shot on Chan - chan : that be why you disappear . CUT to closeup on shirley as Chan finish : shirley : oh , I have love he . I could not give he up to justice . but ever since , I have be hunt - hunt - as if I myself be guilty . CUT to medium shot of the two . chan : do you go with he ? shirley : no. I have never see he since that day in London , but I think he 's in New York . chan : why ? shirley : I have see he chinese servant here . CUT to close shot on Chan - he become more interested . chan : do you remember name of servant ? CUT to closeup on shirley - shirley : in London he be call Li gung . CUT to close shot on Chan repeat the name . chan : Li gung - Li gung. CUT to closeup on shirley become more worried . shirley : what will they do to John ? chan be voice : you be much interested in he ? shirley : oh , he must be freed . if necessary I will tell they everything - I will even let they take I back and - CUT to medium shot on Chan and shirley as she finish : - try I . chan : no - no . more important to find Alan Raleigh . for present keep secret . I will keep also - like good friend . shirley : ( put she hand in he ) oh , I need a friend . John and I both need a friend - desperately . chan : I will try to be that friend . CUT to close shot of the two as they get up from chair - Chan still hold she hand . shirley : oh thank you . I be sure you can help we . chan : I be only insignificant , clumsy person , and it be difficult to pick up needle with box glove . ( exit ) dissolve to - interior kee lin' restaurant . medium shot on kee lin and Chan seat together in room . kee lin : no matter how great the difficulty , fortune always leave a open door , through which can come remedy . chan : you encourage I , honorable friend . kee lin : tell I how I can help you ? chan : you have do so already . Friends , like fiddle string , should not be stretch too tight . kee lin : ask . CUT to closeup on Chan . chan : I seek man name Li gung . where can I find he , wise one ? CUT to closeup on kee lin - he consider this - put finger to forehead . kee lin : Li gung . on Lee Street . number thirteen thirteen , there be a man call Henry Li -- he have a cousin Li gung who some time come to visit he . CUT to medium shot on the two . chan : thirteen thirteen . and this Li gung - what be know of he ? kee lin : very little except he once live in limehouse - London . chan : limehouse - London . out of the darkness of the unknown come bright spark of light . my humble gratitude be yours . ( take up hat ) duty say I must walk my way . ( rise from chair ) kee lin : ( bow - in chinese ) Goodbye . chan : ( bow - in chinese ) Goodbye . ( exit ) dissolve to - interior hallway of Li gung 's apartment house - full shot as Chan come up the stair - pause by door and listen - then start up on the next flight of stair till he reach the corner , turn here and start down a step or two again - stumble and clatter down the remain step of the flight till he come to position near door - he hold he ankle as though he have hurt it . CUT to medium shot on door as it open and Henry come out to where Chan be sit on the stair . henry : what 's the matter - do you hurt yourself ? chan : ( rubbing he ankle ) I have give my ankle a bad turn - if only I could rest a little . henry : sure . ( cross to Chan and help he to he foot ) here let I help you . come on . ( he help Chan in through doorway ) CUT to interior li gung room . full shot as Henry help Chan in Li gung be there - henry : say uncle , this gentleman hurt himself . li gung : ( rising from chair and go toward the two ) condescend to enter my contemptible abode . chan : thank you . CUT to closer shot by three as Chan sit . CUT to medium close shot on Henry and Chan near door . henry : I go get first aid kit . ( move toward background ) chan : injury not serious enough for first aid kit . CUT to closeup on Henry . henry : but every day Boy scout have get to do one good deed . CUT to full shot by group in room as Henry turn and exit through door . CUT to medium close shot on Chan and Li gung . chan : every day one good deed - nice boy . Accident overwhelm I while in search of my old friend Li gung . li gung : ( become suspicious - look at Chan ) you be friend of Li gung ? ( look toward a photograph on table - Chan 's eye look in the same direction ) CUT to insert of photograph of chinese man in european clothes . Voice of Chan hear through shot . chan be voice : yes -- CUT to medium close shot on Chan and Li gung . Chan continue : that be excellent likeness of he . li gung : yes -- he be here this morning . chan : where can - CUT to closeup on Li gung - Chan 's voice finish through shot - - I find he ? li gung : he disappear on business of he own . CUT to closeup on Chan as he say : he still work for same englishman ? CUT to closeup on Li gung as he say : my cousin speak little of he affair . CUT to closeup on Chan , turn away as he say : chan : hm - probably why he be so valuable to he employer . CUT to full shot in the room as the door open and Henry come in with Doctor , who carry kit bag . henry : here 's Doctor Bloom - he 's get a first aid kit . doctor : ( look from Chan to Li gung ) a accident - which one of you ? henry : ( indicating Chan ) his ankle . doctor : oh. ( move forward to where Chan be sit ) CUT to medium close shot on Chan and the Doctor as Doctor enter to Chan and kneel before he . chan : but I do not need a doctor - it - it be not serious . ( Doctor start to take off Chan 's sock as he speak ) doctor : all sprain be serious . it 's a good thing you send for I in time . chan : but I do not send for you . henry : no - I do - that 's my good deed for today . chan : hm . CUT to close shot on Chan as Doctor take off the sock and examine foot - twist foot . CUT to wider shot as Doctor twist foot - doctor : what 's the idea ? there 's nothing wrong with this ankle . CUT to another shot of the group . chan : I tell you it be nothing . CUT to wider shot by the group as the Doctor rise to he foot - hold out he hand to Chan as he speak : doctor : five dollar please ... ( Chan count out money ) CUT to full shot in the room as Chan count out money and give it to Doctor . doctor : thank you . good day . ( bow to Chan ) good day sir . ( bow to Li gung and exit ) chan : ( put on sock ) a fool and he money never become old - CUT to closeup on Li gung as Chan finish : - acquaintance . li gung : so I observe . CUT to close shot on Chan work with he shoe , out of scene . chan : this doctor - five dollar for this - what would he charge for a break neck ? CUT to medium shot on Chan and Li gung - as Li gung pick up Chan 's hat and hand it to Chan . li gung : here 's you hat . chan : oh I see - guest - CUT to close shot on Chan and Li gung as Chan continue : - who linger too long become stale like unused fish . li gung : you be second man who have come here for Li gung . chan : yes ? li gung : the other be englishman - do I not read in paper of he death ? chan : possibly . CUT to full shot in the room as Chan exit through door . CUT to medium shot by the door to apartment and stairway as Chan come out - Li gung stand in the doorway . li gung : if you will accept humble advice -- step carefully - rain quench unguard fire . CUT to close shot on Chan and Li gung . chan : ah yes - but it take very rainy day to drow duck . Li gung slam door shut . CUT to another shot of the stair , as Chan start down the stair - shoot to Chan go down , through banister . Henry enter down the stair to Chan with sock as he call : henry : hey mister - ( enter to Chan on stair ) - you forget you sock . CUT to another shot on the two . Chan take the sock , pat Henry 's shoulder and smile at boy as he say : chan : thank you so much . and every day when you be do kind deed , remember kind heart elephant who try to help hen hatch chicken . henry : what do he do ? chan : he sit down on hen 's egg . ( exit down the stair , Henry stand , open mouth stare after Chan - then after a pause call down stair ) henry : I get you . fade out . fade in interior kirk office - medium close shot on fife seat at desk , dunwood seat in chair by he . dunwood : but if the police find several gas mask in Douglas ' chemical factory - why advertise -- CUT to medium close shot on fife , kirk and dunwood - different angle . dunwood finish : why offer a reward ? fife : just about the place you would expect to find they , be not it ? Mr. kirk - ( rising from chair ) kirk : yes sir . fife : ( hand write ad to kirk ) will you be so kind ? kirk : I will see that it go in all the morning and evening papers . dunwood : thank you . but I do not think it will bring any result - look like a slim chance . CUT to full shot in the room as Chan enter - dunwood move background . fife : ah Charlie -- kirk : good evening - good evening . fife : ( seat on edge of desk ) I will wager you have be busy . chan : oh - busy as one - eye cat watch six mouse hole . fife : you find anything ? chan : my day 's work have be useless as life preserver for fish . fife : too bad - CUT to close shot on fife as he continue : - anything happen after you telephone ? what about Li gung ? CUT to close shot on Chan . chan : Boy scout perpetrate good deed and updumped - CUT to full shot on group at desk as Chan finish : - apple cart . kirk : I will attend to the ad - we will be on we way . ( look toward desk where fife be seat ) oh , you get the cable . fife : yes - thanks . dunwood : ( come up to desk ) cheerio - better luck another day . fife : thank you . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife at desk . chan : what do you find at cook and son ? fife : Charlie , the thumb print on this blank sheet of paper be not enderby 's . chan : no ? fife : no - here 's a photograph of it ... someone else be open Sir lionel 's mail - CUT to medium shot on paradise as he enter with tray . CUT to close shot on Chan - watch . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife at desk - fife speak to paradise . fife : bring it here , will you ? CUT to full shot as paradise enter to the desk with tray and set it on desk - CUT to medium close shot on fife at desk , paradise by he - paradise hand paper to fife . paradise : I find this in Sir lionel 's room behind the dresser , sir -- might be important . fife : thank you . CUT to full shot as fife sit . paradise : ( in background - to Chan ) you hat , sir ? ( take Chan 's hat ) ( exit ) fife : Charlie -- CUT to close shot on Chan and fife at desk - examine letter , fife continue - - my cable and this letter prove that you dancer be tell the truth . chan : I think so . fife : Sir lionel be look for a englishman name Alan Raleigh . chan : this butler , paradise -- also English and also have opportunity to handle mail . ( indicate paper fife hold in hand ) look at date of post mark on that envelope . fife : ( examine the envelope ) you be right , Charlie -- the letter be steal from this envelope . CUT to another shot by the two as fife lift tray into scene across desk and set it down - continue : quickly -- see if you can find a thumb print on this tray . CUT to close shot on Chan and fife examine the tray . chan : look ! ( hand glass to fife ) CUT to close shot of the two - different angle , as fife examine tray through glass . CUT to another close angle shot of he two examine the tray . CUT to close shot - different angle , as Chan pour some solution from bottle on to the tray - CUT to medium shot of the two as they examine the tray with solution on it . CUT to closeup on the tray show Chan 's hand in shot glass be hold over the thumb print on tray . CUT to medium close shot on Chan and fife - Chan be look at the tray and paper through glass . chan : identical ! fife : positive ? chan : could not be mistaken . fife : it seem impossible we have blindly stumble on the solution of this crime . chan : ( put glass away in he pocket ) the impossible sometimes permit itself the luxury of occur . fife : I think I will take this man in charge . chan : no --- wait -- we can watch . do not wave stick when try to catch dog . I be sorry this happen . fife : why ? chan : it add more water to a ocean of puzzlement . ( tick off name on finger as he speak ) John R. Douglas -- Alan Raleigh -- Li gung -- enderby -- and now paradise . innocent and guilty in this case be harder to separate than siamese twin . CUT to interior dressing room . close shot on shirley seat at table write note - CUT to insert of letter which read as follow : " dear Mr. Chan : May I see you at once . I have decide to tell the police everything . " CUT to medium shot in dress room - may here with shirley . maid have head dress of shirley 's costume in she hand and be arrange it . shirley : be my car outside ? maid : I do not know . shall I go and see , Mademoiselle ? CUT to close shot on shirley . shirley : no - never mind - ( pause in she write - look ahead ) I be go to tell the police everything , Tanya . ( the shadow of a man be see in background on wall ) CUT to full shot in the room - Tanya , the may , stand watch shirley . CUT to exterior stage door as car drive up - the chauffeur get out of the car -- camera truck up to the car as a hand come in , feel along the top of the window , then wind the window shut - CUT to interior dressing room . full shot - shirley at dresser hand note to may . shirley : tell the chauffeur to deliver this at once -- the gentleman may come back with he . maid : yes , Mademoiselle . CUT to interior car - close shot as a hand throw bottle into car . close shot on the floor show the small bottle burst on the floor and fume rise - the door be shut . CUT to exterior stage door as may come out to the chauffeur - hand he the note as she say : maid : Mademoiselle want you to deliver this at once - a gentleman may come with you - and hurry . chauffeur : okay honey . move to the car , camera pan with he - get into car - close door and start car . CUT to wide shot show the car drive along street . CUT to close shot on chauffeur inside car - drive . CUT to wide shot in a street , car go along . CUT to closeup on the chauffeur in car as he struggle with he collar as if try to get air . CUT to shot in street show car travel along from foreground . CUT to close shot on the chauffeur inside the car as he slump in he seat . CUT to shot of the car go along street - begin to wobble in its course . CUT to shot of the car - shoot through the windshield to the street - ahead . CUT to wide shot in street as car come along and crash into a large obstacle . CUT to full shot by car in street as people in the street start run to it , crowd around it . CUT to closer shot on people crowd around the car - voice heard . voice : be he dead ? certainly . oh my ! CUT to close shot by the car . policeman at the door open it and stoops down toward chauffeur inside ( off [ scene ] ) . CUT to closer shot as people crowd around car - another policeman come into scene - CUT to close shot by first policeman as he lean into the car and take another look at the chauffeur , straighten from car as he speak : policeman : this fellow 's dead - ( start to hustle the people around he back ) - get back there - all get back -- get back . CUT to wider shot as people move back . voice : do you see it ? no I be down the street a way . policeman call to another - policeman : hey sully . CUT to close shot on sully and policeman at car - as the one name sully come to he near car door . policeman ( continue ) : ( show he object ) - come here - look at this . sully : what do you make of it ? policeman : I do not think the crash kill he - you would better phone the Inspector . CUT to closer shot by the car a man come into scene , dress in chauffeur 's uniform - go to get in car - policeman stop he . policeman : you know who this car belong to ? man : it belong to the masked dancer at the folly - she name 's marlowe - she 's over at the theatre now . policeman : guess we will go and see that dancer . I will phone the Inspector from the theatre . ( start away ) sully : ( as he move the people back from the car ) okay . come on , get back folk - step back . dissolve to - medium shot outside dress room door and stair as the policeman come up the stair to the door and knock on it . CUT to interior dressing room . full shot - shirley and may here as knock hear . shirley : give I my robe - see who it be . ( maid go to the door and open it ) policeman : ( enter to shirley ) I have some bad news for you , miss -- you chauffeur 's -- CUT to close shot on shirley as she listen - the policeman 's voice finish through shot -- - just be murder . shirley : murdered ? how ? policeman' voice : look like gas . shirley : ( as she get this ) that be mean for I . CUT to full shot on shirley and policeman . policeman : ( handing note to she ) do you write this letter ? CUT to close shot on shirley . the policeman 's hand hold note , see in the shot . shirley : you would better open it -- CUT to medium close shot on the two as policeman open letter . start to read over it . close shot on shirley as she watch policeman ( off scene ) - frighten . CUT to close shot on policeman . policeman : what be all this you be - CUT to close shot on shirley as she turn - policeman 's voice continue through shot . policeman' voice : - go to tell the police . guess you would better come down to headquarters . I will be wait for you outside . CUT to full shot in dress room as policeman exit . maid close the door behind he . fade out . fade in interior headquarters - medium shot - shirley and flannery be seat by desk - Chan stand by desk . he be question she . shirley : this be just as I tell it to Mr. Chan -- and there 's nothing I can add to it . flannery : would you recognize this Alan Raleigh - CUT to closeup on the girl and flannery - CUT to another close shot of the two at desk - as flannery finish : - would you ? CUT to another close shot of girl and flannery - shirley : I think so - but he may have change . CUT to close shot of shirley and flannery , different angle . flannery : we may have he here this afternoon -- CUT to full shot by desk as flannery rise from the desk -- continue : will you wait in the next office ? shirley rise from she chair , cross back of flannery to leave of scene and then turn - CUT to closeup on shirley and flannery - she be very much distress as she speak : shirley : after what happen last night you must be convinced that Mr. Douglas be innocent . CUT to medium shot on shirley and flannery - flannery : there 's one thing we be sure of - it be not Douglas who kill you - CUT to closeup on shirley and flannery as he finish : - chauffeur . ( shirley start away ) CUT to medium shot in room as shirley exit - Chan open the door for she to go out . flannery ( continue ) : ( as Chan move back to he ) that one be shield Raleigh -- ( step to dictograph at desk and speak into it ) send Douglas in here . CUT to medium shot by the door as it be open by policeman who show John Douglas in to the room . Douglas move over to desk . sit down Douglas . ( John sit down ) well we finally find out why you will not talk . JOHN : have you ? flannery : yes . do you know a girl name shirley marlowe ? CUT to close shot on John - flannery tip in shot . JOHN : no - no - I do not know anyone of that name . CUT to another close shot of the three - flannery : think again - she 's know as the masked dancer of the folly . CUT to close shot . JOHN : sorry - I do not know she . CUT to close shot - flannery . flannery : do not happen to be engage to marry she , eh? CUT to close shot John - and flannery . JOHN : hardly - since I have never hear of she . flannery : ( lean farther into shot ) do you know someone try to kill she last night ? JOHN : ( startle ) what ? flannery : well I think you do not - CUT to full shot in the room as flannery continue : - know she . will you ask she to come in , Charlie ? chan : ( move over to door to other room - camera with he , open door and say ) will you come in please ? CUT to another shot by the door as shirley come in . CUT to close shot on John as he see she . recognition in he face . CUT to close shot on group - flannery : never see this girl before , eh? CUT to close shot on John . JOHN : no. CUT to medium close shot by shirley - she move over . shirley : ( enter to John ) John - it 's no use - I have tell they everything . JOHN : oh shirley -- CUT to closeup on shirley and John as he continue : - why do you ? shirley : because I want they to know that you be innocent . CUT to medium shot on the group of four - flannery : Douglas , we know why you call on Sir lionel - will you answer just one question ? JOHN : if I can . flannery : do you see anyone in the office - CUT to close shot on John and shirley as flannery 's voice finish : - or the building ? JOHN : yes. flannery's voice : who ? JOHN : as I be wait for the elevator , I see a chinaman with a basket on he arm start - CUT to close shot Chan and flannery as John 's voice continue through shot - - to walk up the stair . chan : oh - perhaps Li gung . flannery : I think I will leave Li gung to you Charlie . chan : thank you - you give I easy job . CUT to full shot of the group of four - flannery : we be take up the matter of bail for you with the District Attorney . JOHN : thanks . CUT to closeup on shirley and John as he look down on she . continue : I owe this to you , dear . be careful - we can not have anything happen to you . flannery's voice : ( come through shot ) I be take care of that -- CUT to full shot of the group of four as flannery continue : I have assign a detective - ( to John ) will you wait in the other office ? John move over to the door to the other room and open it - man enter the doorway as John go out . policeman : ( stand in doorway ) Inspector fife be here . flannery's voice : send he in . fife come through the door - enter to the desk by flannery - flannery : well Inspector -- where be enderby ? fife : ( indicating shirley ) be this young woman miss marlowe ? flannery : yes. fife : I be sorry - we can not have enderby here to meet she . flannery : why ? CUT to close shot on fife and shirley . fife : he leave town last night - nobody seem to know where he 's go or when he will be back . CUT to medium close shot on the group of four - we will find he . ( to shirley ) miss marlowe , you can go -- ( she turn and look at flannery ) - we will have to ask you to come back again . ( as shirley start to pull fur neckpiece on ) pardon , Inspector - be not you overlook something ? flannery : what ? fife : this young woman be want by Scotland yard . ( there be a long pause in which shirley look at fife ) CUT to close shot on Chan - watch - he face fill with pity for shirley . CUT to medium shot on shirley , Chan and flannery - flannery move over to the phone , camera with he , pick up the phone , as bell ring . flannery : flannery speak . what 's that ? tug boat ' o. Kay '? seventieth Street . no - I will attend to this myself . ( turn to shirley ) miss marlowe , will you wait in the - CUT to close shot on shirley as she get this . flannery finish : - other office please . CUT to close shot on Chan and flannery . gentlemen , a gas mask have be find in the East River . I will order a police boat to find the tug that pick it up . ( speak into dictograph ) have a boat ready for I at nine o'clock . fade out . fade in exterior STREET outside building , as Chan , flannery and fife come to a car stand by curb and get into car . flannery : ( as he get to car ) Harbor police - and step on it . CUT to exterior STREET - through traffic - car be come along toward camera through street - CUT to close shot on Chan , fife and flannery seat in the car , camera shoot toward they as car travel along . CUT to another shot in street show the car drive along street . dissolve to - wide shot - dock - as the car drive in to the dock edge . CUT to another shot - flannery and other get out of the car . CUT to another medium shot on the dock , near police boat as flannery enter to man by boat , Chan and fife with he . man : ( as flannery come in ) how be you Inspector ? flannery : hello Mike . we be look for a tug boat call the ' o. Kay . ' usually tie up around seventieth Street - East River - make it snappy . man : right sir . CUT to full shot by the boat and dock as Chan , fife and flannery get into the police boat . CUT to shot on river show the boat move away from the dock - the man stand on it . dissolve to - closer shot on the police boat , Chan , fife and flannery see stand on the boat , sky scraper see on the river bank background . dissolve to - closer shot of the three man stand on the tug boat - another sky scraper line background . chan : advertise for gas mask better idea than I think . fife : I only hope it prove to be the right one , Charlie . flannery : man say he be stand on the pier and see the tug boat ' o. Kay ' pick it up . if we can find it , it might lead to something . chan : ( turn around to face flannery ) if not - it may be long time before the beginning and end of this case shake hand . flannery : cheer up , Charlie - the Big town be not get you , be it ? CUT to close shot on Chan and fife , river background - chan : oh no - but I be very lonesome for new boy in honolulu . fife : how many child have you , Charlie ? twelve , be not it ? chan : ( turn to fife ) oh no - only eleven ! fife : only eleven ! CUT to medium close shot on Chan , fife and flannery , river in background . flannery : what be you try to do , Charlie - raise enough voter to elect yourself sheriff of honolulu ? chan : ( laugh ) I never think of that - but sound like good idea . ( turn look toward sky line again ) flannery : be the boy bear in hospital ? chan : ( turn back to flannery ) oh no - home make ! ( all laugh ) dissolve - to another medium shot of the three on boat - they be near the dock side , and a light from the tug boat be travel along some boat dock there CUT to full shot on the side of tug ' o. Kay ' as the light pick up the name on it - CUT to medium shot on the three man on the police boat as the light pan over the ' o. Kay . ' flannery : there she be , Charlie . CUT to another shot on police boat as it come up alongside of the ' o. Kay ' - flannery step off the police boat on to the ' o. Kay . ' CUT to a closer shot on board the ' o. Kay ' - police boat alongside . CUT to closer shot as flannery get to boat - flannery : hey you - come out here ! man : ( enter through door to deck ) well - what do you want ? flannery : be you the owner of this boat ? CUT to closeup on policeman watch scene ( off [ scene ] ) . CUT to close shot on man and flannery - the man become uneasy and speak bombastically : man : now listen , gent - you be make a mistake ... you - you get the wrong guy ... I be not there - and I do not know anything about it ... I get six witness can prove I be in donovan 's - CUT to close shot on Chan and fife as they watch - voice of man finish through shot - - when it happen . chan : when what happen ? CUT to close shot on man and flannery - man get upset - man : I do not know . flannery : what do you mean you do not know ? man : well I think you be accuse I of something . flannery : where 's the mask you pick up in the river ? man : be that what you want ? flannery : yeah . man : well why do not you say so ? CUT to full shot on the boat - police boat stand by ' o. Kay , ' as the man turn inside the door to cabin . re-enter to flannery with mask - hand it to flannery - man : here it be . flannery : ( examine the mask ) where would you pick it up ? man : right off the ninety - Sixth Street pier . flannery : when ? man : early last Tuesday . chan : that be day after murder . flannery : yes - and here 's the number . CUT to close shot on man and flannery - flannery : I will find out who sell this and maybe who buy it . fife' voice : all right . man : ( become belligerent ) hey listen - there ought to be something come to I for this - have not there ? flannery : if you ever get what 's come to you it will probably be twenty year . man : say do not I even get a new hat out of this ? CUT to full shot of the group on ' o. Kay ' and police boat . chan : good head always get own new hat . ( flannery step off the ' o. Kay ' on to police boat ) fade out . fade in interior li gung be room - closeup on Li gung 's hand as he pour something down barrel of gun he hold in he hand - CUT to closeup on Li gung , gun in hand , stand near window where there be a table with gold fish bowl on it - he be put something down the gun barrel . CUT to full shot on Li gung , stand by the window - cross from the window to other side of room , arrange a chair to face a certain position go back to table at window , pick up piece of paper and hold it close to bowl . CUT to close shot on Li gung by the table , hold paper close to the bowl . he move around the table and start to fix gun in position near bowl . CUT to close shot on Li gung , different angle , he be back to camera and be arrange the gun so that it point in the direction of the chair in background . CUT to closeup on gun as Li gung 's hand fix it - CUT to close shot on Li gung by bowl - he take something from he pocket . put he hand around the bowl . CUT to medium close shot by Li gung as he draw the window shade up , move to the bowl , put he hand around the bowl to feel effect of sun 's ray . CUT to full shot by Li gung in room - he take up a picture frame and set it in a position before the bowl - cross to the door - knock have be hear , and open it - admit two man . the two man start into the room . first chinaman : ( as Li gung open door - in chinese ) hello . second chinaman : ( in chinese ) hello . li gung : you be on time . I be expect visitor whom I cannot trust . man : Police ? li gung : I need you for witness . come . ( move across room ) first chinaman : ( as he follow Li gung across room ) ( in chinese ) I wonder what he want ? second chinaman : ( move across room ) ( in chinese ) he will tell we . CUT to interior stair as Chan and Henry come up the stair to the door - start in . CUT to full shot in the room as the door open and Henry usher Chan inside . henry : ( to Li gung ) here 's Mr. Chan . li gung : oh , hello . CUT to close shot on Chan and Henry stand near door - chan : ( to Li gung ) hello - ( indicate Henry ) Big scout very full of rice - he find I . CUT to full shot in room - by door - Li gung indicate the arm chair he have previously arrange to face window . li gung : please be seat . chan : thank you . ( sit in chair ) li gung : ( go to Henry who stand at door ) oh , I have business to talk . henry : ( protest ) I have no place to go . li gung : ( hustling Henry to door ) go - do good deed . ( Henry exit - Li gung close door - move back to Chan ) chan : you have news of Li gung ? li gung : yes . ( look out in direction front ) my friend po ki and loo Tom - CUT to close shot on the two man whom Li gung have admit previously - voice of Li gung continue through shot - - also friend of - CUT to medium shot on Chan and Li gung as Li gung finish : - Li gung . chan : really ? li gung : let 's have light . Li gung cross the room to the window and raise the shade . CUT to close shot on Chan watch , suspicion in he face . CUT to medium shot on Li gung by the window , very suave as he turn toward direction of Chan and speak : li gung : the ray of the sun accomplish many desirable thing in this world . CUT to close shot Chan - make bow . CUT to shot by Li - he move over - camera with he and enter to Chan . chan : ( as Li gung sit down ) where be Li gung ? li gung : patience -- CUT to full shot of the two in room seat together - Li gung continue : ( bowl see in shot ) - I have prepare startling surprise for you . chan : I shall be most happy - CUT to closeup on the gun place in position by bowl . Chan 's voice continue through shot - - to receive it . CUT to full shot on the two man . Chan turn and glance toward the picture he have previously take to be picture of Li gung - continue : my old friend Li gung look well . CUT to close shot on Li gung , shake he head and speak grimly : li gung : that be not Li gung . CUT to close shot on Chan , manage to conceal he discomfiture at this news . chan : no - long time since I have see he . CUT to close shot on Li gung . li gung : you see he now - I be Li gung ! what do you want ? CUT to close shot on Chan . chan : I must be sure that you be - CUT to closeup on the gun , the sun 's ray strike it through bowl - Chan 's voice finish : - Li gung. CUT to a full shot on Chan and Li gung . li gung : you want to know about Alan Raleigh ? chan : where be he ? li gung : in New York - I see he recently . CUT to close shot on Chan . Li gung 's voice finish : chan : perhaps at the death of Sir lionel grey ? CUT to close shot on Li gung - li gung : you wish to know who kill he ? CUT to medium close shot on black cat walk around table by bowl . CUT to closeup on the cat 's foot as they move the gun around to a different direction . CUT to medium close shot on the cat move over table -- exit . through the above shot of the cat the voice of Chan and Li gung be hear - chan's voice : that would favor I too much . li gung be voice : I shall tell you all . chan be voice : go on . li gung be voice : but you will never use this information . chan's voice : why not ? CUT to medium shot Chan and Li gung - li gung : because dead man tell no secret . CUT to close shot on the gun , the sun 's ray strike it fully now , it go off - CUT to medium close shot by Chan as he rise from he chair , alarmed . CUT to full shot in room - the two friend run forward from foreground . Li gung slump forward from he chair to the floor . CUT to another shot as the two man exit - CUT to medium shot by Chan as he move to the table at window , stoops down and pick up something from floor . CUT to close shot on Chan as he straighten - examine the gun he hold in he hand . examine the gold fish bowl - put hand before it . CUT to full shot in the room - through the door crowd a group of excited neighbor - chinese - chorus of voice hear as they crowd in , look at the body of Li gung on the floor . voice : ( in chinese ) what be it ? what happen ? be he hurt ? policeman : ( push he way in ) let I in here - what 's go on here ? CUT to medium close shot Chan and policeman - Chan hold up he official badge to policeman as he speak : chan : I be Inspector Chan of honolulu Police - this man try to commit murder - but make slight mistake in subject . policeman : very well , Mr. Chan ... I will know where to find you . dissolve to - CUT to closeup on a badge [ tag ] with the number 118 on it - it be hold in man 's hand . CUT to interior headquarters . close shot on bespectacle clerk as he examine mask to which badge [ a little aluminum number tag show serial number ] be attach . clerk : yes sir , absolutely - that 's the mask I sell . camera move back to take in flannery . flannery : how many of this have you sell in the last week ? clerk : oh just that one . flannery : you could not be mistaken about who buy it ? clerk : absolutely not , it be a chinaman . flannery : be you sure you would recognize this chinaman if you see he again ? clerk : absolutely . CUT to medium shot by door as it open and Chan come in . CUT to medium shot by clerk , as he look up and see Chan ( off [ scene ] ) recognition in he face . CUT to close shot on Chan move along - clerk 's voice continue through shot - why there he be -- that 's the man ! CUT to shot of the group - watch Chan , as clerk watch he wide eye . CUT to close shot on Chan - clerk 's voice continue : he 's wear different clothes but I would know he anywhere . flannery's voice : what ? clerk voice : absolutely -- CUT to close shot on clerk and flannery as clerk continue : - that 's the man that I sell the gas mask to . CUT to medium wide shot on Chan , flannery and clerk . flannery : that 's where this blow up -- what do you think about it , Charlie ? CUT to close shot on Chan by door - chan : well I be surprised to find out I myself man I be - CUT to full shot on group - Chan finish : - look for . flannery : thanks . we will call you when we want you again . send this gentleman home . ( clerk rise from he chair at desk ) CUT to medium shot by Chan and flannery at desk - they sit down at it - flannery continue : well , Charlie , you be right . Li gung be the man we want . I will find he if I have to comb the whole town . chan : too late . flannery : why ? CUT to close shot on Chan and flannery . chan : even now Li gung be prepare to attend he own unworthy funeral . CUT to medium shot on Chan and flannery as the later get this . flannery : Dead ? chan : Dead as sardine in honorable tin can . he invite I into trap but catch wrong fox . flannery : ( tapping Chan on chest ) do you kill he ? CUT to close shot of the two - chan : no - he save I trouble by politely kill himself . flannery : do you find out anything ? chan : only that Alan Raleigh be in New York . CUT to medium shot of the two . flannery : yes and enderby be still miss . I wonder if fife could be right - CUT to close shot on the two - flannery finish : - about he . chan : I do not know - sometimes hope become scarce as midnight rainbow . CUT to medium shot of the two . flannery : yes - and we only arrest be out on bail - ( rise from chair ) Charlie we're on the spot -- even now the New York and London papers be after we . CUT to close shot on Chan - distress as he speak - chan : my stupidity overwhelm I -- perhaps all I have accomplish be to send unhappy girl back to England . CUT to full shot on Chan and flannery . flannery : yes and that 's where fife will take she - unless we find Raleigh . chan : I have only one miserable hope leave . flannery : what 's that ? chan : could you introduce I to cosmopolitan Club ? flannery : I can make arrangement . ( shake he head dubiously ) but there 's nothing there , Charlie - I think we be all wet . chan : but man be not incurably drown - if he still know he be all wet . dissolve to - interior cosmopolitan club - medium shot in lobby - on manager and Chan stand together - manager : certainly , Inspector -- right over here - ( start toward check room ) John , give this gentleman any information he wish . CUT to closer shot by check room . clerk : yes sir . chan : ( to manager ) thank you so much . ( take out membership card and examine it as he continue - to clerk ) do check number run as high as this ? clerk : ( as he look at card ) yes sir . chan : something be check on that number now ? clerk : ( look around toward background of checkroom ) yes - a briefcase . ( turn back to Chan as he say this ) chan : May I examine it ? clerk : very well . ( exit from scene and re-enter with brief case ) CUT to medium shot on manager and Chan - Chan with case . manager : do that belong to some chinese gentleman ? chan : why do you ask ? CUT to another medium shot by the check room - as manager continue : manager : a chinaman come here a few day ago try to get it - we would not give it to he because he would not tell we who send he . chan : if you will allow I please . ( exit ) manager : certainly . CUT to wider shot in hallway of club as Chan move forward with the case and down to a table , lay case on table and open it . CUT to close shot on manager watch . CUT to closeup on Chan as he take papers from case -- glance through they , smile - put they back in the case - lock the case and take up membership book . chan : be name of all member in this book ? CUT to medium close shot on Chan and manager - manager : yes - alphabetically . chan : ( look through the book ) you have new application ? manager : yes - right here . ( start away from the scene . Charlie follow he to the case , camera move with they ) CUT to medium shot in hallway by a big board of number on the wall - Chan come to the board , indicate a number and say : chan : that one . manager : a guest card be send to he last night . chan : be he in club now ? manager : no - but he receive he card this morning -- he may be here any minute . chan : May I use telephone ? manager : certainly . CUT to another full shot of hall as Chan come to the foreground sit down at phone . chan : ( speak into phone ) hello - spring 7-3100 - Inspector flannery please ... quickly - hm ? Charlie Chan . dissolve to - full shot in the club hallway - Chan be in foreground . flannery enter from background to he - Chan rise as flannery come down . flannery : have he come yet ? chan : not yet - Chan and flannery move over - the camera with they to a position by wall where they stand together . - if he call for the brief case we can see . flannery : be you sure it 's Sir lionel 's brief case ? chan : yes - it be check here soon after the murder . flannery : by whom ? chan : wait and see . CUT to full shot in club - as a page boy go along , paging a number - call out loudly as he walk toward background . page boy : Mr. garrick enderby - Mr. garrick enderby --- CUT to close shot on Chan and flannery stand back to wall - voice of page hear through shot - Mr. garrick enderby -- CUT to full shot in lobby as the page catch sight of Chan and flannery by wall - look at they inquiringly and move a step to they as he repeat : Mr. enderby ? CUT to close shot on Chan and flannery at wall . flannery : do you think he will put up a fight ? chan : do not know - get gun ? flannery : no - have you ? chan : get gun -- but -- flannery : well - fife will have the marlowe girl at kirk 's - she will identify he . CUT to full shot in lobby near check room as kirk , and other man come along toward check room . CUT to medium shot by the group at check room as they start get they belonging from clerk in check room . man : well up to that time you have lead a virtuous life - I suppose ? kirk : well you be not suggest it 's not be that way all along - after all you be not ruin my reputation . second man : ( as he get he coat ) well be you come we way , Barry ? kirk : no thanks - I be go down town . man : well so long . kirk : so long . ( move up to the check room desk ) man : goodnight . CUT to full shot in lobby - kirk at check room counter . kirk move down the hallway to background . CUT to close shot on Chan and flannery watch kirk off scene . CUT to wide shot in hallway as kirk turn back and move toward the check room again . CUT to medium shot by check room as kirk come to the counter - say to clerk as he put down check for brief case . kirk : I almost forget this . CUT to insert of the check 1313 on counter . CUT to close shot Chan and flannery watch . CUT to another shot in hallway by check room as Chan and flannery come in to where kirk stand . chan : oh , hello . kirk : oh hello , how be you ? chan : ( to clerk ) my hat and coat please . ( to kirk ) be that you brief case ? kirk : no - it belong to a friend of mine . flannery : really ? kirk : yes -- he leave it here at noon - he ask I to stop for it . flannery : where be you take it ? kirk : Home . chan : perhaps it good idea we all go home . kirk : yes of course . come along . Chan take up he coat from check room clerk , then turn back to where manager stand . chan : thank you so much . you make Charlie Chan look like slender chinese boy . good night . manager : ( laugh ) goodnight . CUT to interior apartment - medium shot by door as shirley , John and fife come into room . fife : ( cross the room as he speak ) I will not detain you long , miss marlowe - a man will be here in a moment whom I would like you to take a good look at . ( ring bell ) just a moment please . CUT to medium shot John and shirley - anxious . CUT to full shot - as paradise enter - say : paradise : ( enter ) do you ring , sir ? fife : yes . CUT to close shot on fife as he continue : have you ever see this man before , miss marlowe ? CUT to close shot on shirley and John , stand together as she look toward direction of paradise . CUT to close shot on paradise . CUT to close shot on shirley and John . shirley : no I have not . CUT to medium close shot on fife , shirley and John . fife : be you quite sure ? shirley : yes. CUT to full shot on the group in room - as fife continue : I see - would you mind step out in the garden ? JOHN : of course not . as he say this , John and shirley move through the door in background . fife : ( as they go out ) thank you . ( to paradise ) come here . why do you steal that letter from Sir lionel 's mail ? paradise : I - I do not sir ... fife : ( interrupt he ) now do not lie -- we find you thumb print on a blank sheet of paper in the Scotland yard envelope . paradise : I be absolutely innocent of the charge , sir . fife : I know - you be acquitted - the yard inform I . CUT to reverse close shot of the two as fife continue : but you be afraid of Sir lionel . paradise : when I see that letter be from Scotland yard , I think it be about I and I be panic stricken , sir . oh please , sir - you be - you be not go to tell Mr. kirk . fife : hm. ( sound of ringing bell hear ) CUT to full shot in the room . fife continue : perhaps you would better see who that be , paradise . paradise : thank you sir - thank you sir . ( move to the door - camera with he - he open the door and enderby enter - move to fife , camera travel with he ) enderby : ( as he go along ) what ? ( move over to fife ) well , sir - you send for I - here I be . CUT to close shot on fife and enderby . fife : so I see , Mr. enderby . enderby : well now I be here , what do you want of I ? can not a man take a little jaunt without the police ask question ? if I be guilty of anything arrest I and I will answer you - CUT to another close angle of the two as enderby finish : - question in court . fife : just a moment . ( move over toward door ) CUT to exterior roof of penthouse apartment - full shot - shirley and John here . fife enter scene through door in background - call : miss marlowe - Mr. Douglas ! CUT to a medium close shot on enderby , about to explode as he say : enderby : miss marlowe - Mr. Douglas - what 's it all about ? what 's it about ? CUT to medium shot by the door to roof garden as shirley and John with fife come in - pause there . fife : miss marlowe , do you recognize this man ? shirley : no. CUT to close shot on enderby , fife 's voice come through shot -- fife' voice : be you quite sure he be not Alan Raleigh ? CUT to close shot on shirley and John . shirley : of course . I have never - CUT to close shot on enderby , as she finish : - see he before . enderby : be that why you bring I here ? CUT to medium close shot on fife , John and shirley by door . fife : I be sorry - I hope we have not inconvenience you . CUT to full shot in room - take in the group there . enderby : ( very much annoyed ) sorry , bah ---- bring I here on a fool 's errand . ( exit as he say this ) CUT to close shot on John , fife and shirley . JOHN : Inspector , be not it possible that if the british Home Secretary know the fact of this case he would waive extradition ? fife : I doubt it . CUT to close shot on John and shirley - JOHN : but if he know that miss marlowe be not guilty of this crime -- that she merely shield a man through a human - CUT to closeup on fife - voice of John finish through shot -- JOHN be voice : - forgivable impulse ? fife : I be afraid I cannot predict what the Home Secretary would do . CUT to full shot in the room as the door open and Chan , kirk and flannery enter room . fife 's voice come through shot - CUT to another shot by shirley and John - fife' voice : ( as the two come into group ) good evening , Charlie . chan : miss marlowe , you have never see Mr. kirk before ? CUT to closeup on shirley . shirley : why - why yes . CUT to medium close shot on Chan , kirk and flannery . flannery : where ? CUT to closeup on shirley . shirley : I do not know . CUT to close shot on Chan , shirley and John - by door - JOHN : shirley -- flannery's voice : what do you mean , miss marlowe - you say that -- chan : just one moment - we wish to speak privately - if you do not mind please . CUT to full shot by the door - Chan , shirley and John here - Chan by they , shut the door after John and shirley make they exit . chan ( continue ) : Mr. kirk - the brief case . CUT to medium shot on Chan and fife at door , Chan with the brief case . fife : Sir lionel 's brief case ... where do you get it ? chan : we be indebted to Mr. kirk . CUT to medium shot of the group of four man - watch toward Chan and fife . CUT to close shot on fife and Chan . fife : we would better have a look at the content . chan : yes. CUT to full shot in the room as Chan and fife move down to table , where Chan open the case . CUT to close shot on flannery , kirk and fife - bell hear ringing . flannery : ( stop Chan and fife ) fife - wait -- ( to kirk ) Mr. kirk will you open that door and pretend you be alone ? kirk : ( after a pause in which he study the group ) why yes . CUT to full shot of the group as they start to go away . CUT to flannery - flannery : leave the brief case here - and you two go in there , will you please ? CUT to full shot in room as fife and Chan exit through a door . CUT to medium close shot on a door as flannery exit , pause a moment . CUT to full shot in the room - kirk move forward , take off coat and scarf lay they on chair , go toward door . CUT to close shot on flannery as he look through half close door toward room . CUT to medium shot room as kirk open door to hallway , admit dunwood . dunwood : hello Barry ! you alone ? kirk : come in . dunwood : ( move over , take off coat and scarf ) oh I have have a busy day . CUT to close shot on dunwood - smile as he see something off scene - continue : oh , I see you get my case for I - thanks . CUT to medium wide shot by the two - dunwood move to table in corner with case . kirk : when do you get you membership card ? CUT to close shot kirk and dunwood - dunwood : this morning - lunched at the club and forget my case . CUT to reverse close shot of the two as dunwood finish : why do you ask ? kirk : look here , dunwood , you would not cast suspicion on a old friend , would you ? CUT to reverse close shot of the two - kirk : I be tell you have not be to the club today . CUT to reverse close shot of the two - dunwood : you have be misinform - CUT to full shot in the room as dunwood move a few step down - door in background open as he say : - now if you will excuse I I will -- flannery : ( enter ) if you will excuse I ... dunwood : what ? flannery : what be you do with Sir lionel Gray 's papers ? CUT to another shot as dunwood move forward . dunwood : oh there 's be a frightful mistake . chan : ( holding gun to cover dunwood ) yes - that be when you and you assistant Li gung kill - CUT to close shot on dunwood - he face terrify - Chan 's voice finish through shot -- - Sir lionel Gray . fife' voice : and another mistake you make be try to murder the masked dancer . flannery : miss marlowe , will you come in please ? CUT to medium shot by door as shirley and John enter to group - flannery continue : ( indicating dunwood - off [ scene ] ) do you mean this man ? CUT to closeup on shirley - terrify as she recognize dunwood - shirley : Alan Raleigh ! CUT to close shot on dunwood - as he turn . dunwood : ( speak rapidly ) yes - I deny everything - I never see this woman before -- CUT to close shot on Chan , get sneezing fit , drop gun - dunwood 's voice continue through shot -- - she never see I . CUT to full shot by the group as dunwood make a grab for the fall gun - other move quickly to prevent he from get it . flannery : watch out ! dunwood hold the gun , cover the group as he stand back to the window . dunwood : ( keeping the group cover ) thanks , Mr. Chan -- I be Alan Raleigh -- CUT to close shot on dunwood - hold the gun as he continue : - I do kill Sir lionel - it be he life or mine . you may keep the brief case - I do not need it - I be leave - now get over there . CUT to close shot on Chan . chan : sorry - but no -- you be more - CUT to full shot on the group around dunwood as Chan move forward , as he continue : - important than brief case . dunwood : ( threateningly ) I will shoot - CUT to full shot by the group as they struggle with dunwood for the gun . fife : look out , Charlie - look out he will kill you ! flannery : get he Charlie . chan : yes. CUT to another shot in the room by the group as handcuffs be put on dunwood . CUT to close shot on the group as the handcuffs be make secure on dunwood 's wrist . flannery : that 's it - get he - all right - put they on -- fife : that 's it , Charlie - he might have kill you . CUT to close shot of Chan and fife - chan : ( empty gun ) oh no - old habit - wife never like load gun , on account of child . flannery's voice : clever trick , Charlie - now we have get he confession . CUT to close shot on dunwood and flannery --- dunwood : yes - you have get it . overlook the essential clue - thirteen - thirteen - doubly bad luck . dissolve to - shot by the door lead to exterior as Chan - with other come in . shirley and John have they arm around each other . chan : I could be happy man if I have not be the cause of this young lady 's return to England . fife : well I think under the circumstance , Scotland yard will call this case close . shirley turn around to face fife , then turn to John - JOHN : shirley , that mean you do not have to go back . shirley : ( turn toward fife and Chan ) ah , thank you , Inspector . flannery : ( move down a little ) well , Charlie , I guess the honor go to you . CUT to closer shot as Chan put fife 's hand in flannery 's - chan : ah - no - the geese who laid the egg deserve the credit . fade out ------- the end