< !-- document . be trellix = 1 ; // --> illustrate script : charlie chan carry on function twenavbarpreload ( imgsrc , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { eval ( img obj + ' = new image ( ) ' ) ; eval ( img obj +'.src = " '+ img src + ' " ' ) ; } } function twenavbarchangeimage ( imgName , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { document [ imgName ].src = eval ( img obj + " .src " ) ; } } twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527b " ) ; production script : charlie chan carry on note : the charater Inspector hayley be erroneously note as Inspector hanley in the cast list in this script . this error seem to have carry over to record elsewhere which list the character , play by lumsden Hare , as Inspector hanley . however , very reliable information indicate that in the final version of Charlie Chan carry on the caracter be refer to as Inspector hayley , just as we find in the follow script . charlie chan carry on by earl derr bigger continuity & dialogue by philip klein & barry connor cameraman : GEORGE schneiderman SOUND : GEORGE P. costello art director : joe wright costume : sophie wachner film editor : al do gaetano assistant director : SAM wurtzel director : hamilton macfadden character charlie chan : Inspector , honolulu Police chief inspector duff : Scotland yard inspector hayley : Scotland yard pamela potter : granddaughter of murder drake dr . lofton : courier of round the world tour walter honywood : theatrical manager from New York patrick tait : former criminal lawyer MARK kennaway : tait 's young companion , from Boston JOHN ross : lumberman from Washington elmer benbow : a tire manufacturer , from akron , Ohio nettie benbow : his wife captain keane : a traveler max minchin : former Chicago racketeer sadie minchin : his wife sybil conway : actress -- honywood 's estrange wife martin : floor waiter at Broome 's Hotel mrs . chan : Charlie 's wife henry chan : Charlie 's son ship' captain : Captain of ' President Arthur ' cast Warner oland : charlie chan John garrick : MARK kenaway marguerite churchill : pamela potter Warren hymer : max minchin marjorie White : sadie minchin c. Henry Gordon : JOHN ross William Holden : patrick tait George Brent : captain ronald keane Peter gawthorne : inspector duff John T. Murray : dr . lofton John swon : elmer benbow goodee Montgomery : mrs . benbow Jason robards sr. : walter honywood lumsden Hare : inspector hanley Zeffie tilbury : mrs . luce Betty Francisco : sybil conway Harry Beresford : kent John Rogers : martin J. G. Davis : eben adaptation & dialogue by philip klein and barry conner final shoot script date : December 23 , 1930 fade in on a person [ ?] shot - of the exterior of scotland yard . over this - superimpose title : " scotland yard " disolve to interior inspector hayley' office as duff enter , remove he drip hat and ulster . duff : Morning , hayley . hayley : Morning , duff . happy to see you . I be in need of a bit of cheer . duff : I bring some with I . just have a letter from we old chinese friend , Charlie Chan . hayley : ( please ) where be he ? still in honolulu ? duff : yes . he 's Inspector of detective there , now . and he send a photograph of what he call he multitudinous blessing . ( handing photograph to hayley ) say he 's name he youngest child after I -- duff Chan . close shot -- insert -- Charlie Chan at the right . Mrs. Chan at the leave , and between they ten child , range from a boy of eighteen to a baby of two -- the three youngest in chinese dress . all wear happy smile . hayley : great Scott ! look like something out the ' birth of a Nation , ' do not it ? duff turn photo over . in bold hand - write be the inscription : " each man think he own cuckoos better than next man 's nightingale . Charles Chan " duff : pity he 's waste in a place like honolulu , be not it ? hayley : can not be any worse than here . wish something would happen - I need action ! duff : do not hunt trouble ; it 's bad luck . remember what Chan use to say about that , do not you ? hayley : ( grin ) what ? duff : ( quote -- smilingly ) " always very hard winter when honorable cheese run after mouse . " duff restore photograph to he pocket , pick up coat as if to go . telephone ring -- hayley answer . hayley : ( into phone ) yes ? Inspector duff be here now . ( motion to duff ) duff : ( take phone ) yes -- duff speak ... what ?... Party of american tourist on a trip around the world ? what about it ?.... murdered ? what 's he name ?... where be he murder ?...... I will come at once ! ( he hang up -- address hayley ) wealthy american name Hugh Morris drake , murder at Broome 's Hotel . better come along . disolve to : close shot of tightly clench fist . a pair of hand force finger open , take from they a piece of platinum chain to which be attach safe - deposit box key . on SOUND track throughout action be hear the distract sobbing of a girl . camera move back , disclose duff in room 28 , Broome 's Hotel - the hand and arm of a murder man , and girl kneel at foot of bed , head bow in arm , body convulse with sob . hayley gently lift the girl to she foot . hayley : please , miss , you would better go -- this be Inspector duff from Scotland yard . the girl , unresist , still sobbing , cover face with hand , as they lead she gently away . almost at door she stop and speak . pam : ( brokenly ) he be so good -- so kind to everyone -- how could anyone do it ? they lead she to the door . duff : I should like to speak to you later , miss . pam : very well . ( exit ) hayley : that 's he grand -daughter . she be make the trip around the world with he . duff examine key . duff : number 3260 . Dietrich safe and lock company , canton , ohio. ( softly ) good old boy . try to help we . tore off the end of he assailant 's watch - chain , and keep it for we . hayley : ( nod ) that 's something . again duff bend over bed -- hayley watch . he turn , hold , with a handkerchief , a thin , black leather strap . duff : strangle with this . hayley nod . camera follows duff as he move to dresser near alcove . from dresser , duff , still use handkerchief , pick up a pair of earphone , examine they carefully , put they back . duff : ( to himself ) deaf . through open window , from street below , come the note of " Silver thread among the gold , " duff turn from dresser , move to window , look out , then examine lock carefully -- close window , then open it again . he turn from window to a door connect room 28 and 29 . with he handkerchief , he test knob . it be lock . he stand a moment , puzzle , then turn to hayley , who enter to he , hold a small chamois bag in he hand . hayley : ( give he bag ) found this at the head of the bed . duff take the bag , open it -- pour part of the content into he hand . it be fill with small round pebble , which duff examine closely . duff : pebbles . hayley : what do you make of it , Chief ? duff : ( recapitulate as he pour pebble back into bag ) a harmless old man -- very deaf , strangle to death -- yet no evidence of any struggle . ( as though think aloud ) not even the nap of the carpet have be disturb . ( gazing thoughtfully about he ) I believe he be not murder in this room . Kent , manager of Hotel , and Dr. lofton , enter from hall . kent : pardon I , inspector , Doctor lofton , conductor of the tour . ( present Dr. lofton ) this be Inspector duff of Scotland yard . lofton : I be not precisely a conductor . for fifteen year , I have be manage director of lofton 's round - the-world tour . duff : ( dryly ) yes ? lofton : this year I have a comparatively small group -- thirteen ; at least , there be thirteen last night . duff : ( noding ) ah , yes . be there any trouble on the tour before last night ? anything that seem like enmity ? lofton : ( indignantly ) absurd ! the member of the party scarcely know one another as yet . duff eye he . he continue excitedly . do not begin with the idea that some member of the party kill Hugh drake ! it 's impossible -- some sneak thief -- some hotel servant -- duff : why do you wish I to think that ? lofton : ( almost plead as he lay he hand on duff 's arm ) Inspector , this be a serious situation to I -- my reputation -- everything be liable to be ruin by this -- duff : ( holding out thin black strap with which drake be murder ) I understand . have you ever note this strap on the luggage of any of you guest ? he stop at the surprised look on lofton 's face . lofton : this be odd ! I have a strap identically like that on one of my bag . duff : will you get it , please ? lofton : gladly , Inspector . duff : have you assemble the member of you party in the draw room ? lofton : some of they be out , but I have get most of they together . duff : thank you , Dr. lofton . lofton exit . duff turn to Kent . who occupy the room next to this ? ( point to door between room ) kent : a Mr. honywood , sir . member of this party . duff : can you open it ? kent : yes . he turn to door and with pass - key unlock it . he stand aside as duff go into honywood 's room . camera follows with duff . room 29 be much smaller than room 28 . there be a sense of mustiness about it , the window be tightly close . duff go to window , try to open it , but cannot . he take out notebook -- glance around room -- make memorandum . he notice half - pack gladstone bag . as he bend over it -- SOUND of key be inserted in lock . walter honywood enter room - a dissipate look man in late thirty . duff : come in , Mr. honywood . a expression of alarm appear on honywood 's face , at see duff in he room . sit down , please . you know what 's happen , of course ? honywood nod . you hear no cry -- no struggle during the night ? honywood : ( nervously ) nothing -- I be sound asleep when the murder be commit . duff : ( with lightning rapidity ) oh , you know when it occur , then ? honywood : well -- no . of course not . I merely assume I must have be asleep . ( mopping he brow ) duff : ( watch he with deep interest ) I seem to have hear you name somewhere . honywood : I be a theatrical manager . perhaps you have also hear of my wife , miss sybil conway ? duff : ( nod ) she 's with you ? honywood : no . we have a estrangement about two month ago . she 's at San remo on the riviera . we tour touch there , and I hope to persuade she to join I . honywood take out cigarette and hold lighter to it . his hand tremble violently , he look up -- see duff watch he . this affair have be a great shock . you see , I recently have a nervous breakdown . duff : ( ironically ) Rather odd , be not it , Mr. honywood , that a man who have just have a nervous breakdown should be such a -- sound sleeper ? honywood : ( start ) why -- I -- I never have any trouble that way . duff : will you wait for I below , please ? honywood make a effort to pull himself together , and exit . duff re-enter room 28 , where finger - print expert and hayley be still work . any finger print ? hayley : not yet . duff start from room . at door the excited lofton almost bump into he . lofton : ( enter excitedly ) my strap be go ! duff : really ? ( point to the strap on a small table near the door ) then perhaps this be yours ? lofton : ( look closely -- then frighten ) I be afraid it be -- duff : ( noting lofton 's aggitation ) well go into this matter of the strap , later . will you wait downstairs , please ? lofton exit . kent : ( enter with a old man ) this be we night watchman . he wish to make a statement . eben : it 's this way , sir . while I be make my round last night at two o'clock , I see a gentleman stand in front of room 27 . when he hear I he say , " I be afraid Im on the wrong floor . my room be below . " duff : you see he face ? eben : yes , sir . I can identify he if hes still about . then , at four o'clock , on the upper floor , someone in the dark knock I down . duff : the same man ? eben : can not say , sir . as I fall my torch show a gray suit . I seize the pocket of the coat and hear the cloth tear . then he hit I again -- and when I come to , he be go . duff : ( knit brow ) thank you , eben . wait downstairs . ( to hayley ) look for a gray coat with a tear pocket -- or the other end of this chain . hayley : ( as duff be about to go ) this may interest you ; do you know there 's a retire Chicago racketeer in this party ? duff : really ? hayley : yes -- man name Max minchin -- the New York police have ask we to keep a kindly eye on he . duff : thank you , hayley -- we shall . CUT to : the lounge member of the party be assemble , include Max and sadie minchin . the lounge be do in red plush and walnut decoration . there be book -case of dusty volume -- old sport print . outside , the sun have pierce through the fog , and be casting weird light into the room , illuminate the face of the lofton party . Max minchin , who have make himself the center of interest in group , address they . max : the first thing to remember if anybody here do it , do not say nothin ' until you see a lawyer . sadie : come on , maxie , it 's no use nursing a grouch , nobody 's accusin ' you . max : patrol you own beat , I be takin ' no info from a skirt ! mrs . luce : what language be he speak ? CUT to : lobby of broome's HOTEL Dr. lofton have join duff . as they move down lobby in direction of lounge , a dignify man enter from one of he side corridor . he be distinguished in appearance -- have a shock of snow - white hair . lofton stop he as he pass . lofton : Mr. tait ! Inspector duff of Scotland yard . ( to duff ) Mr. tait be a criminal lawyer from New York . tait : ( holding out hand ) how do you do , sir . what be this about murder ? duff : step inside , Mr. tait . you will know all the detail in a moment . tait turn with duff and with a firm step cross the threshold of the lounge . he stand a moment , look about at group inside , then give little strangle cry and pitch forward onto floor . duff be beside he in a instant , turn he over with deep concern -- look at he face . it be as blank as that of the dead man upstairs . immediately a young man enter and kneel down beside tait . he be good -look , with frank eye - but he manner be somewhat startle . removing a small , pearl - like object from a bottle , he crush it in handkerchief and hold it under tait 's nose . MARK kennaway : ( to duff ) amyl nitrate . it will bring he around in a moment . duff : you be Mr. tait 's travel companion ? MARK : yes. I be Mark kennaway . Mr. tait be subject to this sort of thing . that 's why he employ I to come with he . tait stir ; start breathe heavily as he come to . duff indicate that they have better get he out of there . together they carry he into a little coffee room lead from lobby , and place he on a couch . duff : ( to Mark ) let I know when he 's fully recover . he start from room as Martin come in . duff stop he . Martin be a servant with a rather blank face - much young than eben . he be obviously nervous . duff : be you Martin ? martin : yes , sir . duff : you discover Mr. drake 's body this morning ? martin : yes , sir . duff : tell I about it . martin : ( nervous - stumbling in speech ) I awoke Mr. drake every morning , sir . he be very deaf and it take a bit of do . duff : and this morning ? martin : I knock many time , but there be no answer . duff : what then ? martin : I get the housekeeper 's key , and enter the room . then I notify the management at once , and that 's all I can tell you , Inspector . duff : thank you , Martin . martin : yes , sir . duff start from the coffee room and get into lounge . he close door behind he - walk to center of room , address that await he . duff : allow I to introduce myself . Inspector duff of Scotland yard . the various member of the group look at he with anxious eye . duff turn to captain ronald keane , a man of about 38 , with a hawk - like nose , well - dress , and seemingly at ease . at duff 's look of inquiry , he introduce himself . keane : I be Captain Ronald keane . duff : military man ? keane : why - yes . mrs . luce : Captain keane tell I that he be in the british Army and have see service in India and South Africa . duff : ( to keane ) be that true ? keane : ( hesitates ) well -- no -- not precisely . I be just - well - romance a bit . you see - duff : ( interrupt ) be you ever in any army ? keane : ( again hesitate - afraid to tell another lie ) well - no -- the title be really honorary . duff : ( make a note , come very close to he ) just what be you business ? keane : none , at present -- retire -- duff : what be you ? keane : well , once I be a engineer -- just put I down as -- as -- gentleman . duff : be out of the hotel this morning ? keane : yes , to cash a check . duff turn to Mrs. luce . duff : and you ? retired lady . she smile widely and glance at keane . duff , get the shaft , smile . duff : just travel ? mrs. luce : my fourth trip around he world . duff : ( look at list ) you occupy room 27 , madam ? Mrs. luce nod . you hear no sound last night in the room where -- mrs . luce : not last night - but - there be a row the night before . duff look at she with interest . Mrs. luce hesitates a moment , look at Dr. lofton . perhaps Dr. lofton would like to tell you , himself . lofton rise , very ill at ease , as duff turn to he . duff : just what occur the night before last , Dr. lofton ? lofton : ( a bit panicky ) I be in Mr. drake 's room . he object to several member of the party . they presence upset he . I be merely try to explain my position . duff give he a long look and make note . he turn , look in direction of small alcove . as duff nod , a tall man in tweed suit , rise . he carry a heavy walk stick , and one leg be hold rather stiffly as he limp toward duff . duff : you name , sir , ross : John Ross . I be a lumberman from Tacoma , Washington . duff : know anything about this murder ? ross : not a thing , Inspector . duff : you know drake , of course ? ross : yes . Nice old fellow - get to know he pretty well on board ship . I like he a lot . duff : be out this morning ? ross : yes . I go for a walk . duff : that will be all . duff make a memorandum in book as Ross return to alcove . Mark kennaway enter from coffee room . MARK : pardon I , Inspector . Mr. tait have recover . duff nod and turn to occupant of room . duff : you will kindly wait here a moment . camera follows with duff - as he enter coffee room . Patrick tait be sit erect on couch , a glass of spirit in he hand , which Martin , the waiter , have just serve he . as Martin pass duff , he stop he . duff : ask eben , the night watchman , to step in the lounge . I will be there in a moment . martin : ( mutter ) yes , sir . ( exit quickly ) duff 's eye follow he for a moment , then he turn to tait . duff : feeling better , Mr. tait ? tait : ( apologetically ) yes -- a bit too much excitement , I fear . but I still do not know who be murder ! duff : Hugh Morris drake ! you occupy number thirty , near he room . what time do you retire ? tait look at Mark . MARK : it be about twelve , Inspector . you see , I read to Mr. tait every night before he go to sleep . duff : Mr. tait , what be it you see in the lounge that bring on this attack ? tait : ( become very excited - eye glaze ) the attack come like that . duff : do you see someone in the lounge ? tait : ( rising -- almost scream ) no -- no ! he suddenly catch he leave side . Mark step forward quickly . MARK : Inspector - please . this man be ill . duff : I be sorry . I apologize . tait bow acknowledgement . nevertheless , Mr. tait - I intend to find out what it be that shocked a retire criminal lawyer into a heart attack . duff turn from he and re-enter the lounge . camera move with duff - to where eben , the old night watchman have be study the face of the man in the room . first , lofton , then Ross , then -- suddenly he point . duff have be watch he closely . eben : ( firmly ) that 's the man . he be point at keane , who sit up . keane : what do you mean ? eben : I mean it 's you I meet on my two o'clock round , last night . duff : be it true ? keane : ( look rather anxiously about he ) why , yes . I be up there . you see , I could not sleep and wish to borrow a book from Mr. tait . duff : it 's pretty old - that want - to- read - a- book stuff . why do you say you would mistaken the number of you room ? keane : ( fumble about ) why , I just say the first thing that come into my head . duff : Rather a habit with you , be not it ? duff make memorandum in he book - then dismiss eben . suddenly he wheel on honywood . just one thing more , Mr. honywood . honywood start violently as duff approach he . duff hold out small chamois bag fill with pebble . he pour a few into he hand for honywood 's inspection . do this mean anything to you ? honywood : ( shake he head ) I never see they before in my life . duff return bag and pebble to pocket . honywood stop to pick up cigarette he have drop on carpet . duff turn to the minchin , he eye lighting with interest . duff : you be - ( look at list ) -- Mr. minchin ? max : what about it ? sadie : ( angrily ) Max ! nobody 's accusin ' you ! answer the man 's question ! max : what for ? he 's a dick , be not he ? I should help he ! duff : one moment , please , Mr. minchin . allow I to warn you - max : ( interrupt ) I know - that everything I say will be use against I . I hear that one before . sadie : Max ! max : all right . ( to duff ) what do you want to know ? duff : where be you from ? max : we be from Chicago -- and never mind the funny crack about the daily casualty list . duff : Casualty list ? I do not understand - max : that 's what they call the newspaper out there -- duff : I will not annoy you with more question , Mr. minchin . we be already supply with considerable information about you . elmer benbow , short , stout -- germanic ancestry , enter , follow by Mrs. benbow . he carry a small motion picture camera . go to duff he take he hand -- shake it enthusiastically . benbow : please to meet you , Inspector . this will be something to talk about when we get back to akron . mix up in a murder -- Scotland yard , and all that ! meet the missus ! duff : ( a trifle coldly ) how do you do ? benbow : just be out try to get some move picture . anything we can do to help you , Inspector ? duff : do you know anything about this murder ? benbow : if you mean -- do we do it -- we certainly do not . Mr. drake be a automobile manufacturer and I make tire . can you imagine a tire manufacturer kill off one of he best customer ? duff : ( smiling ) hardly . ( he show benbow platinum chain and key ) ever see this before ? benbow : no . but it be make in canton , Ohio . ( turn to wife ) that 's funny , isnt it ? duff : what be ? have you see any member of this party carry anything like it ? benbow : no . I just think it be strange that it be make so near to we home . duff : ah , yes . ( to other ) that will be all for the present , thank you . none of you must leave London without permission of the yard . duff stand at door as the group pass he . he watch they closely . keane , with he sly face ; honywood , with a assume nonchalance ; Ross , with he frank manner and slight limp ; Max minchin , with he sullen slouch , follow by he be-jewel wife ; smile benbow and he mate ; then Patrick tait , now walk with a firm step . while duff watch they speculatively , pamela Potter enter . she still show evidence of grief , but be calm now , and wear a air of angry determination . pam : be it true , Mr. duff - that you think the crime be commit by some member of this party ? duff : I regret to say that I do . pam : in that case , I shall cable my mother and my aunt to come to London , and I shall continue with the tour . duff : do you think that be advisable ? pam : please do not try to dissuade I , Mr. duff . I want to help find out who do this cowardly thing . duff : and we , for we part , may need you assistance . pam : I might discover some clew - one of they might let something slip . duff : quite probable , indeed . I have a chinese friend who use to say : " only a very sly man can shoot off a cannon quietly . " Mark enter . he come to Pam , stand for a moment before she - slowly offer he hand . MARK : I have not have the opportunity to tell you how very sorry I be , miss Potter . if there be anything I may do to help you , please ask I . pam : ( who have take he hand ) thank you , Mr. kennaway . they leave together -- duff join hayley and finger print man in lobby . hayley : not a trace of the chain or the gray coat . duff : I think as much - every one of they have be out of the hotel before we get here . duff and the two man move to the entrance of hotel . at door , duff give some instruction to Kent , the hotel manager . Kent signifies he understand . CUT to upper hallway Martin , the waiter , look fearfully over he shoulder , take two piece of paper from he pocket , and tuck they under carpet on the floor . cutback to STREET as duff reach it , come out of hotel . benbow be stand on sidewalk . benbow : say , listen , Inspector -- just turn around and face I , will you ? duff turn , see benbow smile , with he motion picture camera levele and ready for action . duff : ( annoy ) oh , say -- if you do not mind -- benbow : mind ? I be delighted . just take off the benny , will you -- the lid , you know -- the hat . this light be not very good . duff : but you do not understand -- it be not customary , you know -- benbow : just let I shoot this -- the neighbor back in akron will eat it up -- " Inspector from Scotland yard leave hotel after murder " -- this will be a wow ! duff : if you do not mind , I would rather not . duff turn abruptly to enter he little green police car . benbow : ( laugh genially and call after he -- turn crank ) that 's all right ; I will just ontitle this one : " Scotland yard Inspector refuse to be shot ! " fade out . fade in interior hayley' office scotland yard duff , puffing furiously at he pipe , pace about room . hayley be seat . hayley : too bad we be not able to hold they . this look like the end of the case -- just another unsolve murder . duff : but we could not hold they . the american ambassador himself ask I -- where be we proof ? -- what be the motive ? hayley : yes -- and tonight they be in Paris , then Nice -- San remo -- Egypt -- Singapore -- honolulu - - around the world . duff : and the murderer travel with they -- unknown . sergeant burke enter . there be a cheerful excited air about he . burke : I think we have get something , Chief . the man say he 's ready to talk . duff : bring he in . burke , in the open door , motion to someone without . Martin , the waiter from Broome 's Hotel , enter , very frighten . duff point to a chair . sit there , please . Martin do so . duff , rise , stand over he . where do you get all that money you have be spend ? do not tell I you be play the race ! come on , the truth ! he jerk Martin to he foot . martin : you will not send I to prison , sir ? duff : I be give you one chance ; where do you get that hundred pound ? martin : Mr. honywood give it to I . duff : what for ? martin : I will tell you everything , sir . at ten o'clock that night I go upstairs with a cablegram for Mr. drake . I knock at he door -- duff : then what ? martin : Mr. honywood open it . duff : honywood in drake 's room ? martin : yes , sir . I give he the envelope . he say : " you will find Mr. drake in my room . we have change room for the night . " duff give hayley a quick glance of exaltation , then to Martin : duff : what then ? martin : I knock on the door of Mr. honywood 's room . Mr. drake come to the door , take the cablegram and thank I . duff : and the hundred pound ? martin : at seven o'clock the next morning , Mr. honywood send for I , hand I two fifty - pound note and make I promise not to say anything about the exchange of room . duff : ( turn to hayley and pound he fist in he hand ) what do I tell you ? drake be not murder in he own room . I be right ! hayley : honywood ! duff : ( his spirit soar ) we have he , my boy ! ( look at he watch ) I have just time to catch the night boat to dieppe . hayley : the party be leave Paris for Nice , tonight . duff : and the riviera Express will get I there a day later . hayley : ( grasp duff 's hand -- shake it heartily ) good luck and congratulation ! duff : ( start from room ) thanks , old chap . dissolve to : close shot man 's gray - glove hand as they search bureau drawer . articles be pull out -- perhaps a bit of feminine lingerie -- then thrust back into drawer again . disolve to : same hand open black leather case . reel of motion picture film be pull out , then drop back . disolve to : trunk , hand take letter out of tray . hand open letter , which read : insert : " if anything happen to I , notify my wife , sybil conway , Palace Hotel , San remo . " Hand crush letter as if crush a victim . dissolve to : same pair of hand -- they fasten lifeless third hand on revolver with finger engage trigger . a faint wisp of smoke be issue from barrel of gun . dissolve to : lobby of lounge of Hotel excelsior Grande in Nice . Sun shine through window overlook terrace garden and Mediterranean . Pam be hold animated conversation with bearded gendarme , resplendent in gold lace uniform . Dr. lofton be with they . gendarme : you notice nothing in he manner except nervousness ? pam : nothing . on the contrary , he seem in good spirit . gendarme : but Mademoiselle -- lofton : I scarcely expect you so soon ! duff : expected I ? lofton : walter honywood kill himself in the grounds of this hotel last night . Mrs. luce have join the group , and overhear lofton 's last remark . mrs . luce : suicide , you grandmother ! Inspector duff , -- you be need here ! this be another murder ! duff : murder ? mrs. luce : absolutely . Mr. honywood expect something to happen -- he try to leave a letter with I . I suggest that Dr. lofton be the proper person to give it to , but he insisted that Dr. lofton be decidedly not the proper person . lofton : ( hastily ) I telephone Mrs. honywood at San remo -- when she hear the news I believe she faint . duff turn to the gendarme -- draw he aside from group . duff : if you like , I will take charge of this -- there be another murder in London , and I believe the two be connect . camera follows as they move down lobby they pass a group in which be tait , Mark , Ross and the benbow . they all appear apprehensive as duff pass they . as the two man near telephone booth , duff pause . I will report any progress . gendarme bow , exit . duff enter booth . as he do so , sadie and Max minchin pass booth . max : ( look towards duff in booth ) hm ! ' nother guy put on the spot and the place be swarm with bull . sadie : uh - huh . max : gee -- do not it make you homesick ? sadie : uh - huh . CUT to : inside telephone booth duff : it be not suicide , Mrs. honywood , you husband be murder ..... what ! you know who murder he ? he 's with the party ?.... but he name -- he name ... what name be he use now ?.... you do not know .... ( wiggles receiver up and down ) be you still there ?..... very well , I will be at you hotel at six this evening with the lofton party ..... thank you . he hang up . as he come out of booth he almost collide with lofton . duff : Doctor , you may leave for San remo at 4:30 as you have plan . the party will not be detain here . lofton give he a curious look as duff walk away . dissolve to : palace HOTEL , san remo sitting room of sybil conway . she be a beautiful woman , attractively gown . duff : you say the man who kill honywood be name Jim everhard ? sybil : yes. duff : why do he kill he ? sybil : I be marry to Jim everhard , but we be unhappy . then I meet walter honywood -- and we run away -- everhard swore he would kill we both . duff : ( take out chamois bag with pebble ) ever see this before ? sybil : no -- but I know what they mean . when we run away , I take two bag of diamond with we , but they be not everhard 's -- he have steal they , too . duff : all this in South Africa ? sybil : yes. duff : be you sure , Mrs. honywood , that you will be able to recognize Jim everhard when you see he ? sybil : positive . duff : very well . there be some palm just out side the dining room door -- you will have a clear view of the lofton party . all you need to do be point he out to I . ready ? sybil : yes . they move from the room to hall , which be in semi-darkness . they step to the elevator and enter . it be a narrow cage - like contraption . duff press button -- slowly they begin to descend . suddenly there be a sharp explosion above they head -- duff get the fleeting impression of a blurred form above , lean over shaft . the woman at he side collapse . he be just in time to catch she in he arm . a small object hurtle through the air and land at he foot . duff try to stop the car but cannot until it stop automatically at first floor . as he pull the gate open , CUT to : darkened hallway -- FOURTH floor Mark kennaway be rapping at door of a room . MARK : Mr. tait ! Mr. tait ! -- be you there ? keane glide up to he . keane : what 's happen ? MARK : Mr. tait be here a moment ago . ( catch himself ) I be just wonder where he be . CUT back to : first floor duff place sybil conway on a sofa -- opposite elevator . Pam and one or two other guest hide the body from view of the camera . pam : ( to duff ) shall I call a doctor ? duff : too late . the woman be dead . fade out . fade in platform of station at san remo duff : you will not forget to write the letter you promise I ? pam : certainly not . will you join we again , Inspector ? duff : probably . Im go to America . ( smile ) meanwhile , if anything important come up , cable I at Scotland yard . pam : ( eagerly ) oh , I know something will -- I feel sure we have only to wait -- duff : wait will not do , we have get to work . as my chinese friend express it : " sitting man must hold mouth open very long time before roast goose fly in . " Pam laugh and extend she hand . pam : Goodbye , Inspector . duff : miss Potter , take care of yourself . Guard blow he whistle and compartment door be bang shut . duff assist Pam into she compartment and close door after she . train start to pull out . duff stand on platform watch member of party as they look out of window of they compartment . one by one they pass he -- Mark as he lean forward , talk to Pam , benbow , as he stand at window with motion picture camera grind final shot , Ross with Malacca stick , head of which he tap against he lip and chin ; Captain keane , with he sly , fox - like expression ; Max minchin and bejewel wife , Max wave he farewell with a know wink ; lofton , pull at beard nervously ; and the last face -- Patrick tait -- worried , old before he time -- white as death . as duff watch the last of party disappear , a puzzle expression come over he feature . in he hand he be hold thin platinum chain and key . as he twirl around finger -- fade out . fade in : on a series of TRAVEL disolve short flash of Egypt , pyramid . dissolve to : STREET in hongkong show chinese shop , bazaar , member of Dr. lofton 's party walk about look in shop window , etc . Mark kennaway , hold sunshade over Mrs. luce , pose in front of a shop with Mr. benbow take motion picture . Mrs. benbow , smile , stand beside he . benbow : ( stop cranking ) there -- that will be enough , I guess . mrs. luce : thank you , Mr. benbow . benbow and wife turn to new scene . Mrs. luce smile at Mark . thank you , Mr. kennaway , very sweet of you to devote yourself to a old lady like I , but if I be a young man -- MARK : if you be go to talk about miss Potter again , please do not . the subject irritate I . mrs. luce : ( look at he with interest ) oh I be sorry -- you be together so much until the last few day , I think -- MARK : ( irritably ) so do everyone else , but it be not so . mrs. luce : ( pretend surprise ) what be not . MARK : one can not be nice to a rich girl without everyone 's think -- mrs . luce : what she think be all that matter , be not it ? MARK : probably she think so , too . she 's deliberately avoid I . it 's a bit of a curse to be bear as rich as she be . ( start with surprise -- hand she sunshade ) will you excuse I , please ? mrs. luce : ( see Pam come ) oh ! I think you say she be avoid you . MARK : it 's sort of a mutual agreement . he walk away and enter a jewelry shop . mrs. luce : ( wait for Pam ) I be just talk about you with a very charming young man who do not quite know what 's the matter with he . pam : ( somberly ) he know very well what 's the matter with he , and he 's proud of it . mrs. luce : my dear ! all that beautiful moonlight night together and then -- this ? what have occur ? pam : I be bear in the wrong town . in the eye of superior person from Boston , I be insufferably mid-western , and then , of course , there 's my misfortune . mrs. luce : what do you mean ? pam : it 's a sort of disgrace to be the grandchild of a man who have brain enough to make a lot of money . do not you know ? mrs. luce : ( smiling ) have it ever occur to you , my dear -- that it may be embarrassing for a self - respect young man to court a wealthy girl ? pam : ( as if the idea be quite new to she , pause , search Mrs. luce 's eye ) do you really suppose that 's what 's the matter with that aristocratic iceberg ? mrs . luce : I be positive . ( as Pam start away ) where be you go ? pam : ( happily ) perhaps I can fix this little matter . she go to the shop Mark have enter , but near the door stop and saunter casually in apparently unaware of he presence . near the door she meet Max and sadie minchin engage in a argument . sadie , carry a paste-board box about the size of a bushel basket , face with angry glare , the equally angry Max . sadie : ( defiantly ) well , anyway , I want it and I get it , and I be goin ' to keep it , so what ? max : sure , buy a lot of junk you do not even know what to do with . and how be you go to carry that thing all around the world ? pam : ( anxious to conciliate ) what do you get , Mrs. minchin ? sadie : ( please with herself ) a read lamp . max : ( in utter disgust ) yeah -- a readin ' lamp . next thing you know , she will be wantin ' to buy a book to go with it . he walk angrily out of the shop . sadie : ( Calling after he ) no . we will not either have to buy a book to go with it - ' cause I get a book ! she angrily march out after he . pam : ( pretend surprise at see Mark ) oh , Mr. kennaway - MARK : I be sorry . pam : ( pretend amazement ) what about ? MARK : ( embarrass ) I think - perhaps - my presence might annoy you . pam : we be go to miss this old war when it 's over , be not we ? MARK : you will not mind -- you will be have one with someone else . I can not imagine you without a war . pam : ( smiling ) be I really so awful ? what would a girl from beacon Street , Boston , do in a case like this ? MARK : ( angrily ) I wish you would leave beacon Street out of it -- it 's cease to be funny . pam : all right ; let 's declare a armistice . if you will forget mid-western barbarian - I will forget beacon Street . MARK : ( forced to smile ) will you keep the truce ? pam : of course ! on this party we be force to meet each other . let 's disguise we true feeling and pretend to be friend . ( impulsively offer she hand ) be that agree ? MARK : ( take hand - smile ) agreed ! at this moment , chinese proprietor of shop approach with tray of jewelry . Pam be immediately interested , and select a beautiful string of jade . pam : how much be this ? chinaman : two hundred and eighty dollar . Pam hold it up for Mark 's inspection . pam : beautiful , be not it ? Mark nod , turn away -- it be too rich for he pocket . Pam pick up another piece of jewelry . as she do so , another chinaman enter scene . suddenly he break into a excited string of chinese ; point in direction of street , conclude he speech with the English word : jim everhard . Pam start and look in direction of street . from her angle we see five member of lofton party as they move past shop . in the group be keane , lofton , tait , Ross and benbow . Pam turn to Mark excitedly . pam : Jim everhard ! the name of the man who kill my grandfather ! ( to chinaman ) which one be Jim everhard ? the chinaman shrug ; indicate he do not understand . Pam rush to door , follow by Mark . the party have move about twenty yard away . pam : ( excitedly ) that 's the man Inspector duff want - who be he look at ? which one do he mean ? MARK : I be sorry I could not tell . Pam turn back to door of the shop to question the chinaman , but he have disappear . she hurry after the group . Mark follow . when she reach a point about ten yard from they , she call sharply : pam : Jim everhard ! she wait to see who turn at the name . all five man do . her trick have fail . but she try to carry it through - look from one to the other , she say : the chinaman in that shop point out Jim everhard - I be hope to catch he before all of you , but I know he - ( she turn quickly to Mark ) come on - they walk away , leave the five man stare at one another . CUT to : Mark and Pam hurry down the street . MARK : I be sorry you do that - you do not realize what you have do . pam : what ? MARK : you have put yourself in danger . Jim everhard be in that group - he think you know he , but you do not . we do not know whom to watch - and you be liable to be next . pam : ( as the deadly possibility dawns upon she ) where 's the telegraph office ? I be go to cable Inspector duff . as they start off - dissolve to interior cable office nearby - Pam take cable blank , stand at a high desk directly in front of a stand lamp , and start to write a cable . Mark stand beside she . as he glance around , he see a glove hand hold a pistol around the jamb of the side door , the barrel aim straight at Pam . CUT to Mark - swiftly seize Pam and whirling she out of range , just as the weapon be discharge shatter the lamp , before which Pam be stand . frightened , Mark hold she a moment , then release she and run to the door - look up and down the street . he see no one who might have make the attempt . he then turn back to she with a blank , worried face . pam : ( faintly ) thank you . I guess -- I guess you save my life . she seem so frighten that Mark run to she and take she in he arm protectingly , as we - fade out . fade in chan's office police station , honolulu . Chan be seat at a table -- before he be duff 's brief case and papers . duff be pace the room , smoking he pipe . duff : when miss Potter 's cable reach I , I be on my way to Tacoma . I change my plan , fly to San Francisco and take the first boat . I be glad I arrive before anything happen to she . chan : ( leans across the table ) when she shout the name Jim everhard at hongkong - no man look around -- quick ? duff : no . she try to trick he , but fail . what should she have do , Charlie ? chan : too late now . advice after mistake be like medicine after dead man 's funeral . duff : strange situation , Charlie - that the man who commit that murder have the nerve to remain with the party . chan : yes . only very brave mouse make nest in cat 's ear . duff : ( look at he watch ) this visit will remain a pleasant memory , Charlie , but the lofton party sail at ten . where can I call a taxi ? chan : ( rising ) not to be consider . I will take you . I have brand new , second - hand 1919 model y. duff : model why ? chan : must be -- that 's what everyone ask I , -- why . ( go to door of room ) I will get . ( he exit ) duff bend over the table and return he papers to brief case . as he do so , a glove hand hold a revolver be see outline against a open window overlook back alley of police station . the gun be aim directly at duff , and be fire . duff whirl , stagger a step or two in direction of window and lunge forward to floor . a instant later a small object be throw through the window , land on floor beside duff 's body . Chan open door of office , see duff lie on the floor , give a startle exclamation - run forward and bend over he . duff 's face be pale as death . quickly Chan feel pulse , then reach up and press button on desk . again he bend over the prostrate figure of he friend . at duff 's side , Chan 's eye come to rest on a replica of the three little chinese monkey . he pick they up , and as he look at they , they significance as a threat dawns upon he . he put they in he pocket . the door open -- a native Hawaiian policeman enter . chan : telephone for ambulance and surgeon at once , then ask the chief to come here . Quick ! Chan look helplessly about , then he eye take in the window and the misty darkness outside . on the table be duff 's open brief case . some of the papers be still in the case , other be strewn about carelessly , scattered by the wind . Chan quickly restore papers to case . as he do so , the Chief enter . chief : what 's this , Charlie ? his eye light on the prostrate figure of duff . chan : shot in back from bullet enter from there . ( point to open window ) poor Inspector duff . he come to quiet city of honolulu in search of murderer . now this -- chief : shot down in the honolulu police station ! impertinence ! chan : ( nodding ) even worse than that -- insult ! shot down in very office of Inspector of detective . ( indicating himself ) I be laugh stock of world -- very well , then , I shall sail tonight on ' President Arthur . ' Chan start strapping up duff 's brief case . chief : but Charlie -- you can not do that ! chan : ( interrupt ) please omit argument , otherwise resignation effective at once . no time to lose . ( grabbing phone - give number ) hello ! -- this you , Henry ?.... honorable father speak ... I sail half -hour on ' President Arthur ' .... what ?.... kindly omit surprised feeling .... pack bag with amazing speed -- tooth - brush , other suit , razor . bring bag with you mother to dock . you will understand speed be essential . thank you so much . ( hang up receiver ) chief : but Charlie , listen ! this job be dangerous ! the man 's a killer ! chan : if I do not have that man before San Francisco , retire forever in sack - cloth with ash . Chan kneel beside duff who stir slightly . duff : ( whisper faintly ) Charlie ! chan : tell I , Inspector -- do you see face of assailant ? duff : ( half unconscious ) lofton -- tait -- keane -- Ross -- benbow -- there be a expression of increase amazement on Chan 's face , then duff continue : which one be it - Charlie ? he relapse into unconsciousness . chan : take best care -- get to hospital -- send I wireless . if he wake , tell he Charlie Chan carry on . as Chan start from office with duff 's brief case under he arm - dissolve to : sadie and Max near small fruit stand . the vendor be absent . Max and sadie be examine a box of avocados . sadie 's arm be so full of bundle she can not use she hand . sadie : ( to Max , who be bend over fruit ) before you buy they , you better pinch they to see if they be soft . max : ( look at she with compassion ) to see if they be soft ? there 's nobody lookin ' -- what about just pinchin ' they ? Chan note this conversation . sadie , suddenly aware of Chan 's nearness , nudge Max and nod toward Chan . Max , who have already pick up one of the avocados , and be about to take another , look around at Chan . max : oh , hello chink ! how 's the laundry business ? chan : ( smile ) pretty much like yours -- quietly pick up . max : ( to cover ) wonder where the guy be that run this stand ? Max put avocados back on stand and go aboard . Chan stand look after they . Mrs. Chan and Henry enter to he . the boat be just about to sail ; steward beat warning go . mrs . chan : ( look at she husband with timid eye ) wheh you go now , please ? chan : ( give she a kindly pat on back ) event explode suddenly like firecracker in the face of innocent passerby . do not worry . she hold up little travel bag to he . mrs . chan : not enough clo'e . you must wait and get big trunk . chan : ( shake head firmly ) no . too late to dig well when honorable house be on fire . he kiss she in occidental fashion , then turn to Henry . in my absence you will show you mother every deference , and guard family well . henry : okay . and say , pop -- can I use you bus ' till you come back ? chan : ( nodding ) ha ! I foresee this request . but please treat bus with unusual kindness . the deep whistle of the boat be hear . Chan turn toward gangplank and start up . he wave to he family . fade out . fade in Chan and the Captain be walk along the deck the same night . the ship be on its way to San Francisco . captain : I have send word to the party ask they to wait for you in the smoking room . I be back of you , Charlie , I hope you get you man . chan : you invent picture of very happy event . thank you so much . he bow and leave . CUT to : interior smoking room the man of the lofton party be assemble . there be a atmosphere of sullen resentment . benbow : more question -- and what good do it do ? max : that 's all right . answer they -- only do not tell they nothin' . lofton : for my part , I be sick of question . nothing have ever come of they , and nothing ever will . chan : ( enter and bow , smilingly ) May I extend courteous greeting . you be surprised to find I here -- I also . yesterday Inspector duff come to honolulu -- paradise of Pacific . tonight , history repeat itself . serpent appear in paradise - Inspector duff be in hospital , insultingly wounded . and so , reluctantly , I must force my inspeakable presence upon you . so sorry -- but must ask question . tait : allow I , sir -- to point out to you that we be no longer under the jurisdiction of the honolulu authority . chan : of course , if anyone have something to hide -- tait : I will not allow you to maneuver I into that position . why do you imagine I have anything to hide ? chan : ( smile and shrug ) man seldom scratch where he do not itch . tait : ( resentfully ) I be simply remind you that there be such a thing as proper legal procedure . chan : which be always criminal 's best friend . we understand that , you and I , Mr. tait -- do we not ? lofton : I do not blame Mr. tait ; from the very first we have be annoyed by question by incompetent police official . chan : ( bow ) stupidity humbly acknowledge . but sometimes dull stone make very sharp knife . ross : perhaps , Mr. Chan , it would be advisable to postpone the cross-examination until you suspect be in better humor . chan : possibly you be right . time do not press and talk will not cook rice . he dismiss they with a polite gesture . thank you - so much . all turn to leave except minchin . max : you see what happen to Inspector duff , do not you ? you better get yourself some iron underwear -- you know b.v.d 's . chan : oh , I see . b.v.d. - before very dead . thank you , so much . he bow pleasantly , and as Chan walk from the smoking room -- dissolve to : Chan , in the interior of he promenade deck cabin , in the act of open Inspector duff 's brief case . from the case he take a small chamois bag and the platinum chain to which be attach the safe - deposit box key . he place the brief case on top of a dresser directly under the window , and move under the light to better examine the chain and key . he place this in he pocket , then open the bag and pour the small pebble from the bag into the palm of he hand . Chan look up suddenly , and in the mirror of he dress table , he see the reflection of the window through which appear a hand -- the same hand that searched in the trunk in Nice , and place the revolver in the lifeless hand of honywood . the hand be reach for the brief case . it have the case in its grasp when suddenly Chan wheel and jump for the porthole . he be just in time to wrench the case from the intruder 's grasp , and tear the glove from it at the same time . he throw the case down quickly , then jump up to the window and look out onto the dimly light deck . about thirty yard away he see a man lean over the rail . the man 's back be toward he , but as he turn he head , Chan see it be Dr. lofton . he study lofton a moment , then return to the light and very carefully examine the glove . he be startle by a sharp , insistent knock on he door . he go to it , open it , and discover the frighten Pam . pam : Mr. Chan -- chan : you be frighten - what have happen ? come in . Pam enter and close the door after she . pam : some person have be in my stateroom . chan : how do you know ? pam : I be out of it for a moment -- when I come back , this be on my dresser ! she show he a little cardboard box with a cover over it . I think perhaps Mrs. luce have give I a present , but she know nothing about it . that 's why I have come to you . Chan take the box from she , remove the lid and hold up the famous three chinese monkey with they paw respectively over they eye , ear and mouth . chan : it be a warning - ( look at monkey ) ' see nothing , hear nothing - say nothing . ' ( Chan exit ) fade out . fade in Chan be show on deck in the morning sunshine . the wireless operator come to he and hand he a paper . operator : wireless for you , Mr. Chan , from honolulu . chan : ( a expression of worry crossing he face ) from honolulu ... ( open envelope and read with stare eye -- expression of pleasure come over he face ) from friend in hospital -- thank you , so much . he turn and hurry along deck where Pam and Mark be play shuffle - board . pam : ( to Mark , teasingly ) well , at least you might pretend that I do not annoy you . ( she see Chan ) any news yet , Mr. Chan ? chan : yes . cable say operation be success . honorable duff do very well . pam : I be so glad to hear that ! any development in the case ? chan : not yet -- patience and a mulberry leaf become a silk shawl . ( he bow and exit ) dissolve to : Chan in stateroom , as he search rapidly in the baggage and bureau drawer . at last , from under the mattress of the berth , he find a gray glove , mate to the one he tore from the hand that come through he window on the previous night . he have just stop to examine it , when the door be suddenly push open , and lofton confront he . lofton : I will not submit to this sort of thing ! what be you do in my cabin ? chan : only try to seize truth with my fumble hand . will you kindly explain this interesting exhibit ? he hold out glove to lofton . lofton : what do that mean ? chan : that be what I wish to find out . be it you glove ? lofton : no . be you pretend you find it here ? chan : pretend -- no . I do find it here . you have never see it before ? lofton : certainly not . what do you hope to accomplish with this absurd trick ? do you imagine you can frighten I into confess something ? chan : oh -- have you something you would not wish to confess ? lofton : no . do not tell I you suspect I of complicity in this thing ! it 's absurd -- impossible ! chan : I be only try to find the criminal who commit this crime , and punish he . ( he look keenly at lofton ) he who feed the chicken , deserve the egg . he bow . thank you -- so much . as he exit from cabin -- dissolve to : Chan on deck , under the dim deck light . he stand partly conceal , watch the door of a stateroom . his figure retreat from view as the door be stealthily open . keane emerge , look carefully forward and aft on the deck , then carry a small bundle , steal quietly towards the rail and near where Chan be conceal . he be about to throw the bundle overboard , when Chan , with a leap , restrain he . the effect upon keane be devastating . Chan unroll the bundle -- it be a gray coat with the right -hand pocket tear . keane : what do you want ? chan : this gray coat - with tear pocket . you should have dispose of this , long ago . keane : what do you mean ? chan : watchman in Broome 's Hotel , London -- tore right -hand pocket of murderer 's suit . keane : I know he do - I hear it at the inquest . that 's why I try to get rid of this . ( eagerly ) please believe I - someone just tore the pocket of this coat - someone 's try to put suspicion on I . if this be the suit , I would not have keep it . do you think I be a fool ? chan : ( shrug ) who shall say ? every man must wear out at least one pair of fool shoe . he smile blandly and make a little bow . thank you so much . the apparently terrify keane watch Chan with stare eye as he bow himself away , carry the coat . dissolve to : exterior tait' cabin Chan knock on the door and enter . he find Mark busy with he tie . on the dress table be a neat little silver frame , enclose Pam 's photograph . MARK : come in , Mr. Chan . ( adjusting tie ) I be just get ready to go out and give the lady a treat . Chan 's eye smilingly rest upon the photograph of pamela . chan : May I wish luck ? good wife best household furniture . MARK : if you mean miss Potter - there be not a chance . there 's something I want to tell you . chan : yes ? Mark open dresser drawer - take out two set of chinese monkey , show they to Chan . MARK : miss pamela tell I you find one of this beside Inspector duff , and that another be put in she stateroom as a warning . chan : where do Mr. tait buy this ? MARK : that 's what I can not understand . he say he do not buy they , and have no idea how they get into this room . what do you make of it ? chan : very strange . but wait -- Chan drop to he knee , and drag from beneath Mark 's berth a suitcase on which be paste a label from the great Eastern Hotel in Calcutta . near the label be the initial " m.k . " he point to label . you will regard that , please . MARK : ( move closer ) what about it ? chan : please feel with finger . Mark bend down and rub he hand over the label . he frown . MARK : feel like a key . chan : it be a key - duplicate of one find in hand of murder man in London . he take the duplicate key with the platinum chain attach from he pocket , and show it to Mark , who stare in surprise . MARK : who put that on my bag ? he look around cabin for a moment , then he eye rest on a pair of pajamas on the berth occupy by tait . he continue : do you think -- can it be possible -- that Mr. tait -- why do not you ask he to explain ? chan : not yet . man should never hurry ' cept when go to catch flea . ( point to key ) keep open eye on this -- it will be remove before ship reach port . let I know moment it be go . MARK : I will , Mr. Chan . chan : thank you so much . ( he exit ) CUT to : Pam stand near a flight of stair lead up to the deck above . as Chan emerge from tait 's room , she motion to he urgently . Chan go to she . chan : ( as he approach she ) you have find something ? pam : I do not know whether it 's important or not - have you the little bag of pebble ? chan : ( take bag from pocket ) this ? pam : ( take one of they - look at it carefully ) yes . they be the same . I be in Mrs. benbow 's cabin today , and she have a bag exactly like they . chan : maybe very important . be you sure -- pam : I be positive . even the same color draw string . she use it for a jewelry bag . chan : do she know you see it ? pam : yes - that 's why I think I better tell you . when she see I look at it , she pick it up quickly and put it away . do you think , Mr. Chan , that Mr. benbow could be -- suddenly , Chan look up , as a slight noise above attract he attention . then swiftly he seize Pam and whirl she out of the way . as he do so , a long knife flash down , and stand quivering in the deck at they foot . Chan swiftly but guardedly run up the stair along the deck to the other side . he see a limping man make a hurried escape , a cane hold in he leave hand , and tapping sharply on the deck . the man hastily descend stair to lower deck . hurriedly , Chan descend the stair and run swiftly around the deck to intercept the man . at the corner of the companionway , he encounter Ross , walk leisurely along - smoking a cigar . his attitude and expression cause Ross to speak . ross : ( calmly and pleasantly ) what 's wrong , Mr. Chan ? chan : ( still show amazement ) I think -- you be on upper deck a moment ago . ross : no , I just come out of my cabin . why do you ask ? chan : ( a sudden change come over he - he look at Ross ' cane which he carry in he right hand ) oh , I be so sorry , Mr. Ross . I have make mistake . I just see man with cane in wrong hand , and no rubber tip . you wear rubber tip on you cane , always , not so ? ross : yes - always . it 's safer for a man of my disability . I always carry it on the lame side . chan : ( bow ) of course . please overlook incident . someone , I think , be try to impersonate you . ross : really ? ( he laugh ) well , someone have be try to throw suspicion on all the other member of this party . apparently it be my turn now . chan : apparently . please excuse . thank you so much . fade out . fade in Chan be seat in corner of salon , very downcast in appearance . fog horn blows . max : ( enter ) hello , Inspector ! chan : ( listlessly ) ' lo. max : running into more fog , huh ? chan : ( uninterested ) yes. max : well , we will be in San Francisco in a couple of hour . have you nail you man yet ? chan : naile -- no . guess I be try to hunt rabbit with blind dog . max : cheer up , Charlie -- maybe you will catch he . chan : maybe ? ( shrug ) every maybe have a wife call maybe - not . max : oh , that remind I -- my wife and I be throw a farewell dinner party tonight to celebrate the end of the tour . will you join we ? chan : ( listlessly ) thank you so much . Max exit . Chan resume he gloomy retrospection . Pam enter to he . pam : well , we be almost there , Mr. Chan . chan : ( unhappily ) sorry -- yes. pam : and nothing yet ? chan : suspicion -- yes. proof -- no . I have no evidence to hold anyone in San Francisco . Ho -hum , I imagine I be very clever man -- now find slight mistake . he touch he forehead with he finger as he say lugubriously -- Big head be only a good place for very large headache . ( turn and smile at Pam ) and how be case of irritate young man ? pam : ( smiling ) well , there 's still hope . he 's just ask I to meet he on deck . chan : ( pleasantly ) ah! opportunity knock on door again . what if young man propose ? pam : ( eagerly ) do you think he will ? chan : in what way should I know ? pam : I wish he would . chan : and then -- what ? pam : I would refuse , of course - for the sake of my wounded pride . chan : ( shake he head ) woman 's heart be like a needle at bottom of sea . pam : oh , we be not so hard to fathom . in a way , of course , it will be a pity - he can be so nice when he want to be . chan : ( smiling ) can he ? pam : but he seldom want to be . shall I see you at Mr. minchin 's dinner ? chan : I think so . pam : ' bye . ( she exit ) Chan continue he unhappy stare into space . his shoulder slump - he resume he seat . suddenly a startle expression flash across he face . he rise to he foot and utter several startle sentence in chinese . the next moment he patter out of scene as we - dissolve to : Chan , enter he stateroom . he go to a little desk - take out envelope , paper - seize pen and start to write . insert : " dear mr . lofton : to save embarrassment I will say nothing to anyone and will not make arrest until ship dock . charlie chan . " he fold the letter , seal and address it to Dr. lofton - then quickly start another letter with identically the same word , address to Mr. benbow . as he complete this - dissolve to : Chan , sealing a fifth envelope - show five address to Mr. tait , Dr. lofton , keane , Ross and benbow . CUT to : exterior deck it be misty , and the fog horn be blow at interval . Mark and Pam stand together near the rail . pam : be you glad the trip 's over ? MARK : yes . when I turn tait over to he son , tonight -- I be free . the fog horn blows again pam : ( smiling up at he ) be you glad we quarrel 's over , too ? MARK : ( smile ) be it ? I do not like quarrel . pam : ( accusingly ) you pacifist ! MARK : perhaps I should have say -- I do not like quarreling with you . pam : that 's better . MARK : well -- if I should not see you again -- pam : ( quickly ) oh , I hope you will . MARK : in case I do not -- I just want to tell you -- it 's be fun know you . you be awfully nice , you know . I do not know what I would have do -- fog horn blows Mark try to talk through shriek of horn , shouting indistinct word . Pam , with a ear cocked toward he , try to hear what he say . suddenly , the sound of the horn cease . pam : of course I will , if you really want I to . MARK : ( surprise ) want you to what ? pam : marry you -- be not that what you be ask I ? MARK : oh , no . I be say - I suppose you would marry some nice boy and be very happy . pam : oh -- I be sorry . MARK : ( suddenly ) but look here ! if I have ask you , you mean you would really have say yes ? pam : but you just explain you do not ask I . MARK : if I do ask you -- will you promise you will say yes again ? pam : if I promise to say yes -- will you promise you will ask I again ? Mark impulsively crush she in he arm and kiss she . fog horn blows Chan enter . chan : ( cough discreetly , and smile widely ) so sorry to interrupt bitter quarrel -- they separate - pam : oh , it be not exactly a quarrel , any more -- chan : ( to Mark ) May I ask great favor ? MARK : certainly . what ? chan : when I leave Mr. minchin 's dinner - come quickly after I , please . I need help very much . MARK : yes , of course . chan : thank you so much . ( he exit ) Pam and Mark immediately resume they embrace -- dissolve to : dine salon the minchin dinner have reach the stage of demi-tasse and cigarettes . the table be lavishly decorate - Max do the thing properly , even provide comic paper hat for the guest . at the table be the benbow , Dr. lofton , Ross , tate , keane , Mark , Pam , Mrs. luce -- the minchin . as we disolve in - we hear the buzz of conversation - the clink of glass . Dr. lofton be speak : lofton : but , barring this unhappy occurrence , I hope you have experience some measure of the enjoyment you all anticipate when we begin this world tour . I thank you . he sit down to the accompaniment of general applause . max : wonder where we chinese friend be ? I invite he to the dinner and he say he be come . pam : oh , I think he will be here . he tell I he would . max : how about a few word from Mr. keane ? as keane rise - CUT to Chan , crouching in corridor slip one of the address envelope under a door . he hurry to another door across the corridor and slip the remain envelope under that door . CUT to dine salon : Ross be just conclude he speech : ross : ... in conclusion , I admit that the murder of Mr. drake in that stuffy room in London , be a mysterious occurrence ; ( Chan enter in time to overhear - and quietly slip into he seat at the table ) but to I , it seem stranger still to realize that at this moment we be dining with a man who have commit three murder , attempt a fourth - who sit here listen to we , and who , within a hour , will walk off this ship still free and still unidentified and unpunish . ( he pause ) and now I think we should hear from we generous host , Mr. minchin . there be applause as Max rise . max : lady and gent ; long 's the subject be brung up I do not mind tellin ' you that with all this shootin ' goin ' on , and all this people gettin ' bump off , I and the wife figure we might as well stay home . ( he pause ) how about a few word from we friend , the chinese Dick ? tait : ( sarcastically ) yes . perhaps he will explain why he fail to get he man . Chan rise . chan : lady and gentleman : man who fight law always lose ; same as grasshopper be always wrong in argument with chicken . it be only once in a very long time that man bite own nose , but happy to say - murderer have kindly do so . you have all ask question ; perhaps I can now entertain with few explanation . ( pause , glance around at member of party ) Mr. drake be murder in London by mistake . how ? murderer enter wrong room . he intend to kill honywood . why ? because honywood run away with he wife , and when pair go , they steal two bag of diamond . ( holding out the two bag of pebble ) this be to remind he of what they have do . ( he pause a moment ) murderer 's name be Jim everhard - formerly illicit diamond buyer , South Africa . I have inform he that to save embarrassment , I will not mention he present name and will not make arrest until ship dock . thank you so much . there be a general look of consternation among the diner , then one after another they turn to look at each other , each wonder which be the murderer . Chan , without any formality , bow and quickly exit . almost immediately , Mark rise , speak a word to Pam and follow . mrs . luce : well , sit here in the company of a person who do this thing , give I the creep . I be go to my cabin . there be a general break up of the dinner . diner rise and start crowd round Max and sadie , as we CUT to : ship' anchor chain and anchor as it rattles through the hawser and plunge into the dark water of San Francisco Bay . CUT to : a SMALL launch which come alongside . the health inspector clamber up a rope ladder which have be throw over the side . CUT to : interior tait' cabin - Mark be in scene . Chan have just pull out Mark 's bag , and be show the label to Mark . in a close shot we see that it have be cut out , and key remove . chan : just as I think ; key be go . MARK : where be it ? chan : where I want it -- now . on the person of murderer . Mark look over at tait 's berth , where he hand luggage be neatly pile . MARK : tait -- he glance quickly at Chan . Mark see the envelope on the floor which Chan have shove under tait 's door . he be about to pick it up when Chan stop he . chan : no -- leave that . they be startle by the pierce shriek of a woman , follow by two more in quick succession . MARK : ( startle ) pamela ! as the two start out of cabin door on deck , loud yell be hear . man' voice : man overboard ! man overboard ! MARK : ( seize Chan 's arm ) too late ! that 's you man -- he 's go . they run to the rail where the spotlight of launch be now play on water over the ship 's side . Three or four life - preserver , with rope attach to they , have be throw . in the center of this , badly frighten , be a man . a man in the launch haul the figure over to the side to safety . MARK : ( lean over the rail as he discover it be benbow ) be that you man , Mr. Chan ? chan : no. come quickly . they exit down the deck . CUT to : flash of Mrs. benbow , as she tearfully explain to a small group of passenger : mrs . benbow : all the way round the world , I have be tell that idiot not to sit on the rail ! CUT to : stateroom of dr . lofton as he enter , stoops , and pick up letter address to he . he open it - as he read , a expression of startle amazement come over he face . he sit , stare straight ahead , with the expression of a man desperately worried . CUT to : keane in he stateroom he be hold a similar letter in he hand . a expression of terror come over he face , he stare ahead , as if paralyze with fear . CUT to : ross in he stateroom we see he read the letter . he sink on the side of he berth , with a expression of incredulous astonishment on he face . he stare wide - eye into space . CUT to : flash of tait in he stateroom as he stoops to pick up the envelope on the floor of he cabin . he tear it open , read it , crumple it in he hand with a snarl , and then stand , a picture of fury . CUT to : interior chan's cabin Chan be show Mark a dummy silhouette which he have rig up at he window , where the silken shade be draw tight . it consist of a broom , a coat hanger with Chan 's coat hang on it , a heavy turkish towel - surmounted by Chan 's hat . Chan pick up a long light cord , with a button switch at one end - a double socket at the other . he screw socket with the lamp into the electric light fixture , and then with the switch test it , flash light on and off . next , he take the long cord , open the door of he cabin , look up and down the deck , which be in misty darkness , beckon Mark to follow he , close the door . he start to lay the cord across the deck in direction of a lifeboat , immediately opposite he cabin . Chan and Mark clamber into the lifeboat . we see he cabin suddenly light up , and clearly define against the silk curtain , be the silhouette of Chan . Chan press the button and the light in the cabin be extinguish , leave it in darkness . CUT to : corner of MAIN companionway Dr. lofton meet pam. lofton : ( in a angry tone ) have you see that chinese detective anywhere ? pam : ( Rather startle at he tone ) no , I have not . not since dinner . lofton turn away . CUT to : keane , on a dimly light deck . he meet sadie minchin . keane : Excuse I , please -- do you know where Mr. Chan be ? sadie : no , I be not see ' im . what do you want with he ? keane do not answer - turn away . sadie watch he with grow suspicion . CUT to : corner of smoking room tait enter , apparently very furious . he look about as if search for someone , then turn angrily and exit . CUT to : the lifeboat - show Chan and Mark , as they crouch , watch Chan 's dark stateroom opposite . a tall figure come stamp down deck , stop at door of Chan 's cabin ; knock furiously on the door , and receive no response , look about and dash out of scene . the man be see to be keane . Mark turn to Chan with a look of inquiry . Chan make a sign to Mark for silence . another figure be see approach . it be Mr. tait . he stop at Chan 's door ; knock . a deck hand come to he . tait : have you see that chinaman anywhere ? deckhand : no sir . deckhand go on . tait look angrily up and down the deck , and in turn go away . Mark look at Chan who again give he the signal for silence . suddenly , along the misty deck , a stealthy sound be hear . a third person approach . as Chan catch sight of a tall figure , he snap on the light of the cabin , show the silhouette . the figure glide up to the window -- he back to camera - we see a heavy gun raise , aim at the center of the silhouette of Chan - and a shot be fire . instantly , into the scene , leap Chan and Mark , pinion the figure from behind . Chan wrest the gun from the man , hold he arm behind he , while Mark quickly open door of cabin . they force the man into the room just as the Captain and two of the crew race up to the door . in the light of the cabin , they turn the man around . we see that it be --- ross . Ross stand for a instant , with a wild , menace glare in he eye . then , suddenly he make a leap - as if to escape . he be seize by all , and be hold until Chan place the handcuffs on he wrist . chan : ( take coat from hanger - point to hole in back - say sorrowfully ) too bad - my best suit -- Mr. everhard . captain : everhard ? I think he name be Ross . chan : no. Jim everhard - formerly of South Africa . ( he take the figure of the three monkey from he pocket ) you warning , Mr. everhard - see nothing , hear nothing , say nothing . maybe should be ' nother monkey - do nothing ! MARK : how about the key , Mr. Chan ? chan : ah - thank you , so much . he take from he pocket , the safe - deposit key on the platinum chain , and show it to Ross . kindly search he for duplicate of this key , find in hand of murder man in London . ross : ( with a slight shrug ) never mind - it 's in my vest pocket . Mark take it out . well , you have get I . but will you tell I something ? chan : if I may . ross : where do I slip up ? how do you know I ? chan : ( with a bland smile ) I be not sure -- until just now . ross : ( amaze ) you be not ? then what about the letter you write I ? chan : oh , I write everybody the same letter . but you be only one who come here to shoot my best suit . captain : what do you want to do with he , Charlie ? chan : take charge please , while I send immediate wireless to Inspector duff in hospital . as Chan start from cabin , dissolve to door of wireless room - Chan dictating to operator . beside he , arm in arm , be Mark and Pam . chan : ( dictating to operator ) honorable duff - kindly providence have sprinkle you contemptible substitute with a shower of luck - Ross be under arrest . honorable Mr. kennaway and miss Potter join in best wish before join to receive blessing of astonished relative . he turn and smile at Mark and Pam . mistake ? MARK : no mistake - fortunately , quite true . he put he arm around Pam 's waist , as she smile up at he . fade out .