production script : charlie chan's greatest case charlie chan's greatest case revised final shoot script date : July 7 , 1933 producer : SOL M. wurtzel director : hamilton macfadden assistant director : percy ikerd screenplay : lester cole & marion orth photography : ernest palmer setting : duncan cramer editor : alex troffey gowns : royer musical direction : SAMUEL kaylin SOUND : GEORGE leverett cast of character Charlie Chan : warner oland carlotta egan : heather angel John quincy winterslip : JOHN warburton Harry jennison : walter byron T. M. brade : ivan simpson Barbara winterslip : virginia cherrill Captain hallett : france ford Dan winterslip : ROBERT WARWICK amo winterslip : frank mcglynn minerva winterslip : clara blandick Captain Arthur Temple Cope : claude king James egan : william stack the beachcomber : roger imhoff arlene compton : gloria roy Steve leatherbee : cornelius keefe fade in : open title . one or two atmospheric shot of honolulu , the Royal Hawaiian , boy on they surf board , the beach . scene 1 -- omitted . scene 2 exterior close shot on a drawn venetian blind on the outside of a veranda . behind this blind we hear the voice of a man raise angrily . man' voice : I have live through thirty year of watch you besmirch the name of winterslip with sinful deed , but this be more than I will put up with . second voice : ( lightly ) have a drink , amo . dissolve through blind into : scene 3 interior dan' veranda it be luxuriously furnish in attractive wicker furnishings and look as if it be the general live quarter of the household . on a table be a frame photograph of Dan 's young daughter , Barbara . discover be Dan and amo winterslip , both man be in they early fifty , both dress in white linen . amo of stiff sanctimonious appearance , Dan just the opposite . amo hold a newspaper and shake it in Dan 's face . amos : when such disgraceful action become the property of scandal column , it 's time something be do about it . amo indicate a particular item in the newspaper which have arouse he indignation . Dan take the paper from he calmly and look at it . scene 4 insert of picture in newspaper of arlene compton . lap dissolve to : scene 5 newspaper article accompanying picture which read : dan' voice : ( read article aloud ) " have become accustom to expect about anything from Dan winterslip , one of the Island 's wealthiest and most colorful character , we be prepare to accept with calm , a announcement of he marriage any day now to arline compton , picturesque widow . " scene 6 interior veranda Dan read the article and smile provokingly , and put paper down . dan : tse. tse. imagine spelling she name wrong . amos : ( infuriate by he manner ) it be not bad enough that everyone know of you shady method of the last thirty year . this trafficking with a woman of this type be a disgrace to the name of winterslip . who be she ? you know what they say ? Dan be beginning to burn but he compel himself to speak calmly . dan : no , amo , what do they say ? amos : ( virtually triumphant ) that she husband 's plane crash be not a accident . he commit suicide . because of she ! ( with disgust ) flaunting around town the jewelry and flashy clothes you give she . ( he point to the picture of Barbara ) scene 7 insert of barbara' picture . we hear amo ' voice come over insert . amos ' voice : what will you daughter say when she come back from San Francisco ? scene 8 interior veranda Dan look thoughtfully at the picture , rise and take amo ' arm , lead he to the screen door at the end of the veranda . scene 9 shoot through screen , we see a white picket fence in the background with amo and Dan in foreground . Dan point toward this fence . dan : now , look here , amo . for thirty year you have live on the other side of that fence , snooping around , watch my activity and condemn I in you righteous heart . you have refuse to speak to I , deny I as a brother . you have curse I and pray to God to strike I dead for my sin . and now you dare come over here and tell I how to live my life . scene 10 close shot at doorway to dine room . koahla , man-servant , discover eavesdropp on amo and Dan . Dan 's voice be hear . dan' voice : ( quietly ) get out of here , amo , before I forget you be my brother . scene 10a interior veranda amos : you will pay for this . you may have prosper in this life with you shady method , but in the life to come , you will get yours . amo jerk open the screen door , stalk out slamm the door after he . amo exit . scene 11 interior veranda Dan have cross to the table and be pour himself a drink . scene 12 exterior dan' garden amo , rush down the garden path , turn a heavily shrubbed corner and bump into minerva , very nearly knock she down . minerva : ( catch she breath ) well ! you be in enough hurry to be go to a prayer meeting . amos : ( furiously ) perhaps if you go and pray for you brother , Dan , it would not do any harm . minerva : ( amuse ) he 's you brother , too . why do not you try it ! amos : if something be not do to stop he from go through with that affair , no winterslip will ever be able to hold he head up again . ( furiously ) I would see he dead rather than marry to that woman . with that , amo go on he way . minerva look after he and then start for the house . scene 13 interior veranda Dan have finish mixing he drink as minerva enter . dan : hello , minerva . there 's some mail for you . he indicate a packet of mail on the table . minerva cross toward it , talk as she walk . off-stage phone ring twice and stop . minerva : what happen between you and amo ? I hear you shouting all the way down at the beach . dan : ( chuckle ) my most righteous brother finally break he thirty year silence to rebuke I , and assure I the Lord be about to strike I dead for my sin . ( he shrug ) just a puritan touch by the sun . have a drink ? minerva : ( start to read letter ) make it man-size , I be parched . Dan begin to prepare a huge scotch and soda for minerva . koahla , the native boy , enter . koahla : Mr. egan of reef and Palm Hotel on telephone again . dan : ( shortly ) I have tell you a dozen time I do not want to talk to he . koahla : yes , sir . koahla leave and Dan hand minerva she drink . minerva : thanks Dan . she take a long swallow of the scotch . ( refer to letter ) well , they be send a policeman for I . dan : a policeman ? minerva : ( smile ) worse than that . I could handle a policeman . they be send John quincy winterslip , one of Boston 's best . Dan settles down into a easy chair and pick up the newspaper amo have leave . dan : what 's he to I ? minerva : nephew . dan : I do not understand why they have to send he for you . be not you able to take care of yourself ? minerva : he 's the only available male in the family . I have write to they that I be enjoy myself , and that 's more than they can tolerate . dan : ( smile ) I suppose he will stop with we brother , Roger , in San Francisco . why do not you wire he there and tell he to make he home with we when he get here ? minerva : ( laugh ) you do not know what you be let yourself in for , Dan . John quincy be just like amo thirty year ago without the touch of sun . Dan , beginning to look over the newspaper , chuckle . minerva seat herself and enjoy she drink . suddenly , Dan see something in the paper which appear to upset he . his expression change . dan : ( harshly ) koahla ! he throw the newspaper aside , rise and cross impatiently to the door , meeting the house - boy as he appear there . dan : ( to koahla ) be the car outside ? koahla : yes , sir . Dan pick up he hat from a peg on the wall and start for the screen door where he turn and look back at minerva . dan : I be go down to the cable office . I will be back in time for lunch . ( exit ) under the pretext of tidy room , koahla pick up paper and exit . scene 14 dan be house - another room koahla enter with paper in stealthy manner . he read the article which Dan have fold uppermost , with great interest . scene 15 insert : fold newspaper - " t.m. brade due next week , from India , come t.m. brade , retire british Civil servant . this be he first visit of the Islands , and be the gratification of a life- long desire . " scene 16 interior dan' house this information seem to mean something to koahla . he tear the item out of the paper - scene 17 hallway kamaikui , come down hall , call - kamaikui : koahla . scene 18 koahla hear the call . he quickly slip the tear bit of paper into he pocket and , to avoid see kamaikui at this moment , nimbly slip over the window sill , drop to the ground and run madly down the beach . fade out . fade in : scene 19 closeup on life preserver attach to the railing on a ferry boat . inscribe on it be : " tamalpais , oakland - san francisco " in the background we have a process shot of the bay and the San Francisco sky line . disolve to : scene 20 deck of ferry - boat in motion . same process shot in background . color porter load with eight piece of elaborate pigskin luggage which include a set of golf club and a hat box , come into the scene . as the porter , exhaust , set they down , we notice that they be initialed " j.q.w. " and label " Boston . " the porter wipe he brow and turn grin as John quincy , a young man of twenty - eight , or so , immaculately clad and formal with cane and glove , come into the scene . he tip the porter . porter : thank you , sir . first trip out here ? John nod briefly as if wishing to dismiss the man . some place , California , sir . JOHN : yes , quite , thank you . porter : yessah . the porter go on he way . John lean against the rail look out and frown . it be a misty day . a hearty , middle - age man stand there observe John 's impressive luggage . man : first trip out this way ? JOHN : ( coldly ) mm. man : ( not at all daunt ) too bad it 's so foggy . unusual . as a rule this be the most beautiful view in the world . JOHN : ( coldly polite ) be that so ? man : yes . why , we have ... JOHN : ( bitingly ) how fascinating . the man realize that John do not intend to respond to he cordial effort . he shrug and move away . John sigh with relief and gaze out over the water . a second man come over to he , notice the luggage and then say : second man : get a match , stranger ? John turn and observe he with restrain patience . JOHN : no , sorry . second man : first trip out this way ? JOHN : ( control a sigh ) yes . second man : great country . too bad about the fog today . unusual . most of the time you can see the Golden Gate and mount tamalpais . great sight . ever see mount tamalpais ? JOHN : no. second man : ha , ha . of course not . forget you say you be never here before . too bad it 's foggy . JOHN : ( in cold , measure tone ) I like the fog , do you mind terribly ? second man : ( gasp with astonishment ) i...oh ...er ... the second man walk away . John grit he tooth and turn back to he survey of the water , stand with he back full to the camera . now carlotta enter the scene and drop she heavy bag with relief . scene 21 closeup of JOHN as he hear the bag drop . his expression be one of extreme annoyance . anticipate the question , he decide to nip they in the bud and without look around start talk . JOHN : ( wearily ) yes , it 's my first trip out here . it 's too bad it 's foggy or I would see the Golden Gate and mount tamalpais and I have not get a match . scene 22 medium close shot - another angle for a moment carlotta look at he in astonishment . then she decide it must be a game and why should not she play it too ? thrust she hand in front of she coat , napoleon - wise , and drop she chin on she chest , she assume a deep bass voice . carlotta : I would have conquer the world , and Wellington , too , if it have not be for fouche . John turn in astonishment to find carlotta beside he . carlotta : ( continue the game . very confidently ) I be napoleon . who be you ? John continue to stare at she without answer . carlotta : ( in profound sympathy ) have not you really get a match ? she open she purse and hand he a packet . dumbfound he take they without be aware of the fact that he 's do so . carlotta : do not tell I that you have not a cigarette either ? she open she case and offer John a cigarette . John quickly hand she back the match . JOHN : I be terribly sorry . I suppose it must have sound quite crazy . I beg you pardon . carlotta : that 's all right . she turn away smile . JOHN : ( annoy by the smile ) I be not crazy really ! carlotta hasten to assure he . carlotta : all right , all right . as if she be just a bit frighten , she start to move away . John pursue she a step , detain she . JOHN : now , look here . I suppose you think I really be . and the more I insist I be not , the more you will think I be . carlotta : ( anxious to get away ) honestly , I promise you never to think about it . May I go now ? JOHN : but you be think it , I know . I be afraid I become a bit annoyed by the hearty cordiality of this people . everyone feel obligate to assure I that this fog be unusual , and that this be really a beautiful place . I be only try to beat the next nuisance to it . carlotta : ( stiffly ) oh , I see . she turn to move away . JOHN : ( hastily ) no , really ! I do not mean ... carlotta : I must say you manner of enter a flirtation be hardly allure . JOHN : ( hastily assure she ) but I be not try to enter a flirtation . carlotta : ( pretend disappointment ) oh , then I have be waste all this time hope ... JOHN : ( it suddenly dawns on he ) I say , be you try to make a fool of I ? carlotta smile as if to say , " God 's already do that . " then she turn and survey he luggage . carlotta : where be you bound for , stranger ? JOHN : Hawaii . carlotta touch he hat box . carlotta : what 's in here ... a high hat ? JOHN : ( formally ) naturally . carlotta : ( laugh ) a high hat in Hawaii . why you will be take for a missionary . John look chagrine . ( with mock apology ) oh , I be sorry . it never occur to I . perhaps you be a missionary . John look coldly at she and then , bend over he luggage , he deliberately pick up the box and throw it overboard . JOHN : do you feel better ? carlotta turn , conceal a smile , and see - scene 23 stock shot - ferry slip scene 24 medium close shot - carlotta : oh , we be come in - she pick up she bag and start off . John hurriedly begin to gather up he luggage , eager to go with she . JOHN : I say , why can not we go .... I mean if you will wait ... that I would like to ... carlotta continue on she way , look back smile over she shoulder and call a warning . carlotta : do not go native over there . John , anxious to follow the girl , struggle with he luggage , pick up one piece and drop another . finally he become exasperate , look at the luggage helplessly and mad through and through and shout for help . JOHN : porter ! while wait for the porter , he begin to stack up the bag in as good order as possible . the porter come run to he grin and take charge of the luggage , notice as he do so , the Boston label . porter : yassuh . first trip out this way , sir ? too bad about the fog - this be the final straw for John , who look as if he could curse with rage . then he sense of humor get the best of the situation . he laugh , as we fade out . fade in : scene 25 exterior san francisco STREET - night . a establish shot . dissolve into : scene 26 another STREET . residence district . night . close shot roger winterslip's car as chauffeur open the door and John and Roger get out . John look at the house with obvious distaste . scene 27 across STREET , mysterious figure lurking in shadow , watching . scene 28 exterior dan winterslip's san francisco house . camera pan upward as John would see it , show a three story house , with window board up , and a general air of desertion . scene 29 exterior dan' san francisco house . roger and JOHN . JOHN : ( protest ) now look here , uncle Roger . I demand a explanation of all this mystery . I be hardly off the ferry before you whisk I into you car , speed to you house , rush through dinner without even a chance to wash up , and then dash out here . it 's preposterous . roger : ( chuckle ) practically everything you uncle Dan do be preposterous , my boy . he take he by the arm and lead he up the stair . camera truck along with they . take this house , for instance . he come over here perhaps for two month a year , yet he go to all the trouble of bring all he servant with he , and open the place . you would think a hotel would do , but not for Dan . by this time they have arrive at the door . scene 30 across the STREET we see a stealthy figure lurking in the shadow , watch Roger and John . scene 31 watcher' angle he see they go into the house . scene 32 interior dan' san francisco house - hall and stairway Roger take flashlight from he pocket , and as the pale light travel about we see the furniture swathed in ghostly linen cover , and the broad stairway lead up . JOHN : ( firmly ) I be sorry , uncle Roger , but I refuse to go another step unless I know what this be all about . roger : all right , my boy . here you be . order from Dan . Roger take Dan 's cable from he pocket , hand it to John quincy , and turn the flashlight on it for he to read . scene 33 insert of cable : " roger winterslip 1438 monroe ST. , san francisco , calif . when nephew arrive take he to my house . in old trunk in attic will be found SMALL strong BOX marked t.m.b. have he throw it overboard into pacific on way to hawaii dan " scene 34 interior dan' house JOHN : ( look up impatiently ) but it all seem so ridiculous . if I understand it , I be suppose to get this box of he and on the boat go over , drop it into the ocean . be that right ? roger : absolutely . JOHN : ( exasperate ) well , then , it 's nonsensical . evidently it be of no value . then why be not it just as well off here as it be at the bottom of the Pacific ? Roger take John by the arm with friendly force , and start he up the stair . roger : because that 's the way Dan want it , my boy , and it 's always wise to accommodate dan. scene 35 attic a faint ray come through a window high in a gable . we can just discern the movement of a shadowy figure , crossing the center of the room . then we hear Roger and John come up the stair , the light of the flash precede they . the next moment they appear . roger : I guess that 's the trunk over there . as Roger flash the light on the trunk , the flashlight be suddenly strike from he hand . he shout . John find himself struggle with a unseen assailant . Roger join in the scrap and the flashlight roll crazily across the floor , throw weird circle of light on the struggle . find himself outnumber , the mysterious stranger make a break for the stairway . we can hear he foot patter on the step as he run down . Roger pick up the flash and turn it upon John who be start after the intruder . roger : wait ! JOHN : ( excitedly ) let 's get he ! Roger have now turn the flash on the trunk which we see be open , and be bend over it with the flashlight shine on its content . roger : if he 's after what we be after , he do not get it . John come to the trunk and look into it . scene 36 insert of BOX in trunk plainly mark be the initial , t.m.b . john' voice : be not you go to notify the police ? roger be voice : ( slowly - impressively ) no. Dan never take up any of he affair with the police authority . scene 37 interior attic Roger lift the box out of trunk and John look at it curiously . scene 38 insert : portion of the BOX showing " t.m.b . " scene 39 interior attic JOHN : I wonder what 's in it ? roger : part of Dan 's past probably . Roger turn the flash on John and see a slight gash on he cheek . roger : be you hurt ? JOHN : not fatally . roger : ( close the trunk ) good . let 's get out of here . they cross to the stairway and start down . scene 40 second floor stairway as Roger and John come down , Roger lighting the way with the flashlight . roger : the evening 's still young . perhaps we can find a gay spot . what would you like to do ? the camera truck backward along the hall as John and Roger cross to the staircase , lead down to the first floor . JOHN : frankly , take the next train for Boston . scene 41 interior of lower hall shoot up the staircase as John and Roger start down . roger : ( laugh ) do not let a little thing like this worry you , John . back in you uncle Dan 's day , survival be a question of who be fastest with he fist , gun or knife , as the situation demand . by this time they be down the stair and the camera truck with they to the street door as John reply . JOHN : ( dryly ) how thrill . I still prefer the next train for Boston . scene 42 mysterious figure across STREET , watch . scene 43 interior house the two man come out and Roger lock the door . the camera truck with they as they cross to the car . roger : ( with cordial severity ) Young man , you be my guest for two day . I be go to show you this man 's town and make you like it . by this time they have arrive at the car . as they get in - scene 44 mysterious figure watch they out of scene , and start as if to follow . quick fade out and into : scene 45 interior night club shoot through archway into supper room , dance number be be play and the dance floor in the center of the room be crowded . Roger and John enter from the leave and stop in the archway . they be meet by the Captain , who greet they , and lead they away . scene 46 CUT to nearby table Cope , a man of about fifty , of military bear , be seat with a man friend . they be look in the direction take by Roger and John . cope : who 's that ? man : Roger winterslip . cope : I think he face be familiar . Dan 's brother , eh? man : that 's right , you know Dan well in the old day . I suppose you will be see he when you get to Hawaii . cope : ( angrily ) not if I can help it . hanging be too good for Dan winterslip . and I might be tempt to ---- ( catch himself and force a laugh ) I guess Hawaii 's big enough for the two of we . Cope offer the man a cigarette from he case . man : oh yes , I remember now . you be once engage to he sister , minerva . cope : ( bitterly ) we would have be marry today if Dan have not interfered . scene 47 edge of dance floor - trucking Roger and John be skirt the dance floor . suddenly , from the dance floor a woman 's hand reach into the scene , seize Roger 's shoulder . the camera stop with Roger and John and then we see that it be Barbara who have detain Roger . Harry jennison , a good-look young chap in he middle thirty , be she dance partner . as he see Barbara , Roger 's face light up . roger : Barbara ! you little devil . why do not you let I know you be in town ? he shake hand with jennison . barbara : ( indicating jennison ) his fault . we table 's over there ... ( indicating table further along ) as Barbara speak , she and jennison be bump into by a pass couple on the crowded dance floor . Barbara and jennison resume dance as Barbara call over jennison 's shoulder . barbara : join we ? scene 48 barbara' table Roger and John arrive at the table which be on the edge of the dance floor . as they be seating themselves , Roger say : roger : and that , my boy , be you cousin , Dan 's daughter . you will probably be sailing on the same boat . JOHN : she 's very attractive . who 's the man ? roger : Harry jennison . another islander - be Dan 's lawyer for year . as Roger speak a waiter come to the table , hand both man menus . scene 49 night club - closeup at telephone Cope be speak into mouthpiece . cope : hello , anchor steamship company ? -- this be Captain cope. ( impatiently and slowly ) Captain Arthur Temple Cope ... I have change my mind about the ' President Tyler . ' I can not wait two day - ( wait ) the ' matsonia ' or the Australian boat ? tomorrow at noon ? very well , the Australian boat . thank you . Cope hang up and turn from the phone . scene 50 barbara' table the dance number be over and Barbara and jennison come back to the table . John and Roger rise and Roger say : roger : you be not go to sail without come to see I , I hope ? he turn to John . I want you to meet you cousin , John quincy winterslip - he 's go to the Islands to bring you aunt minerva home . JOHN : how do you do ? barbara : welcome . during this Roger and Harry be shaking hand and ad libbing " glad to meet you , " etc . roger : oh , John - this be Mr. jennison . the man shake hand and murmur a friendly greeting . the music start up again for the second half of the dance , and Barbara , full of animation , turn to John . barbara : want to finish the dance , John quincy ? JOHN : ( gravely - formally ) thank you - ( turn to the man ) will you excuse we ? roger : go ahead , my boy . jennison : certainly . John and Barbara step to the dance floor . the camera truck along with they as they dance . Barbara look up teasingly into John 's serious face . barbara : you look as if you miss something . should we have kiss ? JOHN : ( fluster ) oh , really .... barbara : what do cousin do in Boston ? JOHN : ( nervously try to joke ) er -- rub nose , I believe . barbara : what fun . she stretch up and manage to rub he nose , much to he embarrassment . however , he evidently have like it . she move closer to he in dance position and then the camera stop , allow they to dance away and lose themselves amongst the other couple , as we fade out . fade in : scene 51 long shot ship at sea - night disolve into : scene 52 exterior bridge of ship Barbara and jennison be talk with the Captain . while they be talk , higgins , a passenger , join they unobserve . barbara : Captain Shane , what be the chance of beat the ' matsonia ' in ? captain : ( smile ) Young lady , that would mean a whole day ahead of schedule . what 's you hurry ? barbara : oh , just a idea . jennison : ( indulgently ) some of she school friend sail yesterday on the ' matsonia . ' I expect she would like to beat they . ( turn to Barbara ) be not that it ? Barbara laugh . higgins move into the group . higgins : would it be possible , Captain ? I would like to get in a day ahead myself . they all turn and see higgins . captain : oh , good evening , Mr. higgins . Barbara and jennison nod . higgins : good evening . ( to Captain ) in fact , I would give a thousand dollar to the seaman 's Fund if you could make it . barbara : there you be , Captain . the Captain look a bit reluctant . jennison : ( tempt he ) you know that japanese ship 's record still stand . with this good weather , you have a chance to beat it . barbara : ( coaxingly , snuggling up to he ) oh , please , Captain Shane . captain : now , do not try any of you wile on I , young lady . ( and with that he encircle she with he arm , hold she as he talk to higgins ) such a offer , Mr. higgins , be a great inducement , I will try . barbara : oh , you darling ! ( she kiss he ) captain : but I warn you , if we do not make it by five o'clock the evening before , we will have to lie outside the harbor overnight . barbara : but we will make it , I know . captain : ( give instruction ) full speed ahead . scene 53 closeup instrument as it advance to full speed . scene 54 instrument room berkeley and officer officer : ( look at he instrument ) the old man 's give she the work . probably out to beat the record . berkeley : ( interested ) if it bring we in a day earlier , it will suit I right down to the ground . scene 55 interior john' cabin he be unpack a bag , get to the box , which he take halfway out of the bag , when there be a knock at the door . he replace it . JOHN : come in . the reverend Frank upton enter . a missionary type , ascetic , austere . upton : ( with deep pompous tone ) you be Mr. winterslip ? JOHN : yes. upton : my name be upton . reverend Frank upton , missionary . JOHN : yes ? upton : ( severely ) I notice you name on the passenger list . Young man , you be not by any misfortune related to Dan winterslip , be you ? JOHN : he be my uncle . upton : indeed ! I know he forty year ago . I hope since then he 's become a upright , god fear , respectable man . JOHN : what be he when you know he ... a horse thief ? upton : good gracious , no . there be not any horse in the South Seas . JOHN : how unfortunate . how do he amuse himself ? upton : ( sternly ) he be a blackbirder . scene 56 close shot John have uncover the strong box . we hear upton 's voice come into the scene . upton be voice : I meet he when he be first mate on the ' maid of shiloh , ' a blackbird ship , own by a man name brade , Thomas Michael brade . John look sharply in direction of box . scene 57 insert of BOX show the initial " t.m.b . " scene 58 medium shot John instantly cover the box and close the bag , while upton continue : upton : brade die when they be in port , at the apiang Islands . Dan bring he ashore and bury he . JOHN : ( absently , look toward the box ) how amusing . upton : ( astonish ) amuse , sir ! JOHN : ( hastily ) I beg you pardon . I be think of the dinner you be miss . the food 's really excellent on this boat . upton : ( sigh righteously ) there 's too much think of food for the body , and not enough think of food for the soul . now , if human being would only consider that they life ---- John see that upton be about to launch forth with a sermon and ease he toward the door . JOHN : you may be right , sir . eat be probably just a bad habit . but the roast young duck be really delicious . upton : ( smack he lip ) roast young duck ? my favorite . will you join I , sir ? JOHN : thanks , but I have already eat . upton : of course ! ( he be now in a hurry ) see you again . ( he close the door ) JOHN : ( to close door ) not if I see you first . John move quickly to the bag , and remove the box . with he box under he arm , he come to the door , open it , look up and down the deck . satisfied , he exit . dissolve to : scene 59 deck aft it appear desert as John make he way to the stern . we see a figure leap from the shadow , snatch the box from John 's upraise arm as he be about to heave it overboard . the figure whirl John around and trip he , make he sit down suddenly and disappear again into the shadow . John , astonished at this turn of event , which come so quickly , turn , and cannot make up he mind for a moment what to do . scene 60 exterior deck John run , round a corner of he deck . he stop suddenly and look . scene 61 exterior deck - close shot from John 's angle . upton , the missionary , carry a black box , enter a cabin . scene 62 exterior deck - medium shot John start rapidly toward upton 's cabin , the camera following he . he reach a porthole open on the cabin and look in . scene 63 interior upton be cabin - medium shot shot through porthole . upton have he back to the camera . on a dresser near the porthole be the box . scene 64 exterior deck - close shot John reach he hand in the porthole and grab he box . scene 65 exterior deck - medium shot hugging the box to he , John start down the deck , the camera follow he . as he pass , the camera move in for a close shot . John look at the box and discover that it be a graflex camera . he look around . see that he be unobserve , he drop the camera on a deck chair and start back toward upton 's cabin . scene 66 exterior deck - medium shot - reverse angle as John start away from the deck chair , two young people appear from around a passageway . they see the graflex , note John and pick the graflex up , start after he . scene 67 exterior deck - close shot as John reach the door of upton 's cabin , it open and upton , agitate , come out . he halt John . upton : have you see anyone around here in the last few minute ? JOHN : why - no . upton : someone have just steal my camera . the two people who pick up the graflex enter . the man address John . man : pardon I - you leave you camera back there . he hand the graflex to John and they continue on . upton glare at John . upton : so ! he snatch the graflex away . you be a true winterslip , sir ! he slam into the cabin . John continue on he way . he then start run in the direction he believe be take by the thief . scene 68 deck farther along Barbara and jennison , in the partial shadow of a lifeboat , lock in passionate embrace . into the foreground walk John . he be about to walk right to where the couple be embrace , when they see he and stop short . they turn toward camera . John look surprised , and then thoughtful , as he exit from scene . now the camera roll up close to Barbara and jennison . scene 69 deck Barbara and jennison as they slip from close embrace . jennison : will you marry I ? as soon as we arrive ? barbara : yes , Harry . jennison : I - I be almost afraid to ask you . barbara : I be almost afraid you be not go to . ( happily ) I be go to send a wireless to dad . come on . jennison : why not wait until we get in , and surprise he ? barbara : I would rather have he know now , so that he can have time to arrange a party for I . ( she kiss he swiftly ) come on . she take he hand , pull he along . he follow reluctantly . lap disolve : scene 70 interior wireless room Barbara and jennison be read message she have finish write . scene 71 insert message : " dan winterslip honolulu am engaged to harry jennison deleriously happy how about big party to welcome US and give paternal blessing love barbara " scene 72 interior wireless room Barbara hand it to the operator , who smile . fade out . fade in : scene 73 exterior dan' house - night Dan 's car wait in driveway . we see a shadowy figure lurking . back of a clump of bush , evidently lie in wait for Dan . Dan come from the house and be about to step into he car when this figure step out onto the driveway and we see that he be a rather seedy look englishman , tall , wiry , about forty - five year of age . he step close to Dan . man : ( take hold of Dan 's arm ) Mr. winterslip . dan : ( look at the man and draw he arm away roughly ) what be it ? man : I do not suppose you remember I . I be egan . dan : oh ... you run the reef and Palm Hotel . what do you want ? egan : twenty year ago I be a bank teller in Sydney , Australia . we meet there . dan : ( brusquely ) you be mistaken . egan : ( darkly , positively ) oh , no , I be not . ( with forebode menace ) t.m. brade be in town ! I suppose you never hear of he ? dan : ( angrily ) no. egan : ( smiling harshly ) he 's stop at my hotel . it might be a good idea to give I a few moment privately with you before he come to see you . dan : ( almost shouting in he anger ) now , look here . I do not know what you be talk about , and if I catch you skulking around on this grounds again , I will have you arrest . Dan get into he car and the car start to move . egan : ( half to himself ) you will see I . dissolve into : scene 74 interior arlene compton' beach home it be attractively shabby . arlene be a fade bleach blond past thirty , who might once have be beautiful . a victrola be play . Steve and arlene be dance to the strain of seductive Hawaiian music . there be a knock at the door . arlene motion to Steve to duck into the other room , which he do nonchalantly , arrange he clothes . arlene arrange she hair , etc. , and go to the door . she open the door . arlene : darling ! I do not expect you so early . dan : I can only stay a minute . listen , arlene , I do not want to seem a indian giver , but you have get to do I a big favor . arlene : what be it , Dan ? dan : I have get to have that emerald brooch back . it be obvious that arlene have no intention of return the brooch . she stall . arlene : i....er ...of course , Dan . but as a matter of fact , I can not give it to you now . it 's at the jeweler have the clasp fix . dan : ( harshly ) why do not you bring it to I to have it fix ? I tell you no one should see that brooch . arlene : do you dear ? I be so sorry , I forget . dan : it 's vitally important that I get it back immediately . I will give you something in place of it --- arlene : all right . I will get it for you tomorrow . ( brightly ) oh , I know what you can get for I in exchange . do you remember that darling emerald necklace we see in the arcade of the Royal Hawaiian ? dan : it be as good as yours . arlene : ( gratefully ) darling ! ( sweetly ) do not you want to sit down , have a little drink , and -- ( the rest of she sentence be imply ) dan : I can not . I have a business engagement that will not wait . Goodbye . he start for door . arlene : ( babyishly ) be you go to kiss ' ittle arlene goodbye ? he take she in he arm and kiss she perfunctorily . dan : Goodbye . the moment he 's out of that door , arlene cross to a chest of drawer and take out a brooch . scene 75 insert of old - fashioned brooch in arlene 's hand . scene 76 interior arlene's beach house arlene look at the brooch as if it be a valuable piece of property . the door of the bedroom open and Steve leatherbee , a obvious pimp type , enter the room . he calmly take the brooch out of she hand . steve : listen you ! I be sick of this joint , see ? I gotta get back to New York and the mob . you be playin ' this mug for month , and all you get be some cheesy clothes and a phony piece o' joolry . I want cash , quick , and plenty of it . now get busy ! arlene : I be try my best . steve : try be not good enough , see ? start do . arlene : ( come to he coquettishly ) and if I do , what happen ? steve : what do you think ? he kiss she . fade out . fade in : scene 77 anchor plunging into water . dissolve into : scene 78 deck of ship - night the captain be meet at the foot of the companionway by a group of passenger , include John , jennison , Barbara , Berkeley and higgins . conversation ad lib concern the disappointment at fail to arrive in time to make the harbor . captain : I be sorry ... I do my best , but I warn you . a woman : I do not see why ... it 's so silly to wait out here for a quarantine ... nobody have smallpox . captain : Port regulation , Madame . we dock at nine in the morning . the crowd , disappointed , move away , ad libbing " too bad " , " what a shame " , etc . higgins linger behind the other . higgins : listen , Captain , I have get to get ashore tonight . could not one of you man take I in , in a small boat ? captain : not a chance , Mr. higgins , I be sorry . the Captain walk away . higgins move to the railing and gaze frowningly toward the shore . scene 79 exterior deck - farther along berkeley : ( speak to the quartermaster ) higgins seem anxious enough to try to swim it . quartermaster : he would better not try it unless he 's a expert . it 's a good two mile . scene 80 another part of deck Barbara , jennison and John . barbara : dad will be disappointed . I will bet he have a party all ready . jennison : ( to John ) and after one or two of Dan winterslip 's party , you will never go back , John . JOHN : I be sure I will return to Boston . barbara : ( laugh ) aunt minerva once say something like that , but she trade she lorgnette for a ukelele . dissolve into : scene 81 exterior dan' house - night the house be in darkness . a automobile roll up to the driveway , stop and minerva get out , carry a ukelele . minerva : ( to occupant of car ) do not bother to come in with I . I be quite all right . I have have a delightful evening . thank you . voice of a man and a woman : goodnight ... goodnight . we will go again sometime . see you soon . minerva : yes , goodnight . the car move away as minerva enter the darken house . scene 82 interior dan' house - live room - dark set through wide open door we can see the veranda bright with moonlight . at first the only sign of movement be the illuminate dial of a wrist watch move in the shadow . minerva enter . instantly , the dial stop move , then apparently the wearer slip stealthily through some thin hanging into the dining room . minerva give a startle gasp and hasten from the room by another door . scene 83 interior hall minerva come to servant 's door and knock very lightly . minerva : ( softly ) koahla . the native boy , fully dress , suddenly appear behind minerva from the darkness of the hallway . minerva : ( turn to he ) someone downstairs prowling about . come quickly . they go quietly down the hall . scene 84 interior live room minerva and koahla enter . she turn on the light . minerva : look in the dining room , koahla . koahla obey , but find no one there . where be Mr. Dan ? koahla : I think asleep . minerva cross to the door lead to the veranda . scene 85 interior veranda in the moonlight we can faintly see Dan lie half off the couch , face upward , one arm hang limp , the other twisted behind he back . minerva raise she hand to she mouth suppress a scream . koala run to she side . minerva : Dan ! realizing that Dan be dead , minerva stumble back , say unsteadily , and grab the back of a chair . koahla : I call police . minerva : no . she go into the live room . koahla , after a frighten look at the murder man , follow . scene 86 interior live room minerva cross to the phone . minerva : ( to koahla ) bring I a drink , koahla . koahla : yes , madam . he hurry into the dining room . minerva pick up phone . minerva : the Royal Hawaiian Hotel , please . ( wait ) Captain Arthur Temple Cope , please . she wait . scene 87 close shot Hotel operator at telephone . operator : Captain Cope be not in . scene 88 interior live room minerva : not in he room ? scene 89 close shot - Hotel operator . operator : shall I have he page ? scene 90 interior live room minerva look at she watch . scene 91 insert of watch show the time to be 1:20 . scene 92 interior live room minerva : ( into phone ) no , thank you . she hang up , then jiggle receiver . minerva : Three eight seven , please . ( she wait . koahla bring she drink . she drink . ) amo ? be that you , amo ? this be minerva . come over here as quickly as possible . evidently amo at the other end start to protest . minerva cut he short . please , amo , this be no time for nonsense ... you brother be dead ... murder ... she hang up . dissolve to : scene 93 interior police station Captain hallett at desk , talk into phone . captain hallett : hello . who ? yes ? murdered ! I will be right over . hallett hang up , then jiggle receiver once or twice . hallett : get I Charlie Chan . scene 94 interior chan's live room the dark room be splotched with moonlight . the telephone be ringing loudly . note : throughout all the short scene that follow , the telephone bell continue to ring . scene 95 interior bedroom twin bed occupy by Chan and he wife . they be waking to the sound of the telephone bell . scene 96 interior bedroom quick flash of each of Chan 's eleven child waking . scene 97 interior chan's live room Chan , fold dress gown about he , enter , follow by Mrs. Chan . mrs . chan : what be the matter ? chan : even wisest man cannot answer until he know question . Chan make a light while he speak . in rapid succession all the eleven child come hurry into the room , in various stage of undress , watch while Chan lift the telephone receiver . chan : ( into phone ) yes ? oh. unfortunate . I shall come with speed of wind if my dishonorable car permit . thank you . Chan hang up and hasten from the room to dress . Mrs. Chan follow . now the child begin scurrying about . one get Chan 's flashlight , another get he gun from the drawer , one of the very small one get he coat and be nearly hide under it , try to carry it . he look like a chinese skippy . they all rush into the other room . scene 98 interior chan's bedroom Chan be now almost dress . oldest boy : ( handing he the gun ) do not forget to get fingerprint , pop. another boy : ( put flashlight in he pocket ) I think you ought to wear a disguise . through all this , Chan smile indulgently and then begin look about on the floor . chan : where be my shoe ? at this , into the room come Chan 's youngest , a tiny child , the shoe seem enormous . chan : the smallest jewel be sometimes brightest . he put on he shoe while one of the boy lace they for he , plead with Chan while he do so . boy : take I along , pop , will you ? I will be good . chan : ( smiling ) you be only good when sleep and you never sleep . Chan be now dress . he stand up and Mrs. Chan hand he he hat . he turn to the child cluster about he . to bed now with much haste . he wave the child away and they scamper off . ( smile ) all chip off ancient block . as he turn to go out , fade out and into : scene 99 interior dan' live room discover minerva , Captain hallett , a policeman and a doctor . hallett be question minerva . hallett : nothing have be touch ? minerva : no. hallett : good . all right , doctor . hallett motion in the direction of the veranda , and the doctor nod and exit to veranda . hallett : all right . now , from the beginning . you live here ? minerva : ( resent he brusque tone ) I be visit . hallett : hmmm . minerva : ( sharply ) " hmmm " nothing , my good man , I be the ... he sister . the doctor appear in the doorway and call . doctor : Captain hallett . hallett : right . hallett cross and both he and the doctor go to the veranda . scene 100 veranda the doctor and hallett be lean over the body of Dan . doctor : stabbed through the heart . not be dead a hour . and look at this ( turn the body over so that one arm fall limply ) Arm break . this job be do by either a very powerful man or someone well verse in the japanese art of jiu jitsu . hallett : hmmm . he turn and go back into the live room . scene 101 interior dan' live room minerva sit stiffly upright in she chair and as hallett approach she , look at he a little belligerently . hallett : now , let 's see . what do you say you name be ? minerva : I do not say . I be not ask . minerva winterslip . hallett : the doctor tell I Mr. winterslip have be dead a very short while . if you can give I any idea as to ... minerva : I can give you a very definite idea . it happen within two minute of fifteen past one . hallett : ( stare at she ) you be sure of that ? minerva : certainly , I be sure . I get the time from the wrist watch of the person who commit the murder . hallett : ( astonish ) you ... what ! you see he ! minerva : ( coldly ) I do not say that . I say I see he wrist watch . the dial be illuminate . and if it will be of any assistance to you , the numeral indicate the hour two , be slightly obscure . hallett : well ! you certainly have you wit about you . minerva : where else should they be ? minerva rise and cross to a window as if to draw the blind . suddenly she bend a trifle , look out into the garden and exclaim : minerva : there ! in the bush ! without wait for hallett , minerva make a dash for the door . hallett follow . scene 101-a exterior dan' garden minerva come upon a crouching figure and be about to seize hold of it when the figure straighten and we recognize the bland face of Chan . hallett come hastily up and exclaim : hallett : oh , Charlie . what be you do out here ? chan : like when eat orange . start outside and work to center . Chan show he a small white object he have pick up . scene 102 insert small cigarette butt in Chan 's finger . scene 103 exterior dan' garden minerva : who be this man ? hallett : this be Mr. Chan , miss winterslip . ( explain to Chan ) miss winterslip be a sister to the decease man . chan : most unfortunate . be generous to accept my most unworthy condolence . minerva : what have he to do with this ? hallett : Mr. Chan will have charge of he case . minerva : ( with asperity ) charge of the case ? a chinaman ! chan : humbly suggest not to judge wine by barrel it be in . minerva : well , I never ... I see where I will have to send to Washington for assistance . the idea ! chan : it be not easy to make fire in cold stove . politely request cooperation for good of all . ( to hallett ) May we proceed to scene of most upsetting crime ? they all turn and start back into the house . dissolve to : scene 104 interior dan' live room it be evident that Chan have be question minerva for some time and she show sign of fatigue . minerva : I have tell you all I know about it . chan : most helpful . thank you so much . the servant ? minerva : I will call they . she cross to the thin curtain that hang from the dining room doorway . as she do so , Chan quickly cross to the door on the opposite side of the room and pull it open . both koahla and kamaikui have be lean against it , crouching . they now come into the room . chan : to be find listen to what be not mean for you ear be to show that you have something to conceal . ( to koahla ) speak ! what do you know about this lowly deed ? koahla : ( surily ) I go sleep early . know nothing . minerva : ( sharply ) you be not asleep when I call you . you be not even in you room . koahla : go for drink water . chan : more later . ( to kamaikui ) and you ? kamaikui : many people here tonight . chan : who ? kamaikui : no see . go to bed early . but can not sleep . hear loud talk . first man he shout and go . then woman and man shout and go . everybody come and shout and go and come back . Mr. winterslip shout too . chan : you understand what they say ? kamaikui : no . now over the scene come the loud , righteous voice of amo . amos ' voice : the wage of sin be death . scene 105 interior dan' live room - another angle they all turn quickly to find amo stand tall and fanatic look in the doorway . minerva : ( nervously ) for goodness sake ! ( to everybody ) this be Mr. winterslip , my brother . amos : ( enter the room ) I warn you as to the outcome of all this , minerva . Chan approach amo quietly as latter seat himself in the nearest chair and drop he straw hat on the floor beside he . chan : you mention warning of outcome . humbly ask you tell what you know of this . amos : I know one thing ! you can not live a life of sin , and hope to be reward in the hereafter . chan : profound wisdom , but not helpful at present . how do you learn of crime ? amos : my sister call I on the phone and I notify the police . chan : you live but short distance ? amos : yes. chan : why do you not come right over ? be you already in bed ? amos : no. chan : what have you be do since telephone call ? amos : I have be praying for he soul . minerva : ( with asperity ) that do not help this gentleman either , amo . ( think ) now that I think of it , I remember a man name egan call on the phone a dozen time . Dan refuse to talk to he . perhaps .... chan : egan ... reef and Palm Hotel . most helpful . thank you so much . Chan turn slowly away from amo and cross the floor as if he be think deeply . suddenly he sharp eye encounter something on the floor . he quickly stoops . scene 106 big closeup of Chan 's hand pick up a piece of seaweed and turn it over once or twice , investigate it . scene 107 medium shot Chan straighten and put the seaweed in he pocketbook without a word , although both minerva and amo have observe he action with curiosity . as minerva be about to question he concern it , Chan quickly divert she by look at he watch and say : chan : time most rapidly fly to three o'clock . humbly suggest we all try to get sleep . minerva : ( indignantly ) sleep ! with the murderer prowling about free . chan : only make haste when catch flea . minerva : really , Mr. Chan . Chan pick up he hat and cross to the door . turn : chan : good night . worry not . what be to be be to be and inscrutable fate very busy arrange program . Chan leave . minerva and amo sit in silence for a long moment , and then minerva suddenly remember , exclaim : minerva : poor Barbara . what shall I tell she when she get off the boat in the morning ? amos : ( sanctimoniously ) no matter how painful , the truth be always best . he pick up he hat , rise and start for the door . minerva look after he , she brow knit . as he reach the door , she call sharply : minerva : amo ! amos : ( turn ) what be it ? minerva : ( slowly ) what do you know about this , amo ? amo show nervousness and be almost too greatly astonished : amos : I ? you must be mad , minerva . he turn hastily and leave . minerva gaze after he wonderingly , then rise , start across the room as if to turn out the light , when come to the veranda she hear native voice raise in violent argument . she start for the veranda . koahla and kamakui be voice : ( vident argument in native tongue ) scene 108 veranda kamaikui and koahla be discover in what amount almost to a struggle . kanaikui be clutching something and koahla be try to wrest it from she . minerva : ( come into scene ) what 's go on here ? koahla look at she furtively and then slink away . kamaikui approach minerva hold some object in she outstretch hand . kamaikui : I find this here on porch . he try to take it . she hand the object to minerva who take it and look down at it curiously . minerva : to whom do it belong ? kamaikui : many , many year , Mr. Dan have this and more just like it . last month he give this to woman down beach . minerva : do not mention this to anyone , kamaikui . kamaikui : no. minerva : thank you . good night . kamaikui leave and minerva look down again at the object she be hold . scene 109 insert of minerva 's hand hold the brooch which we last see in arlene compton 's possession . fade out . fade in : scene 110 veranda - day John and minerva . John be pace back and forth . JOHN : but aunt minerva , this be incredible . minerva : it be not incredible . it 's a horrible fact , and we have get to face it . something must be do about it . JOHN : the best thing we can do be take the next boat for Boston . minerva : I be not leave here until we get to the bottom of this . ( scornfully ) I hope you do not expect amo to take care of it ! JOHN : he could be as helpful as you . minerva : ( dryly ) thank you . and now , John quincy , I will tell you something else . ( with provoking calm ) not only be I stay , but you be too . JOHN : ( impatiently ) in heaven 's name , why ? minerva : there 's Barbara . JOHN : but jennison 's be acquainted with all this fact . since he and Barbara be go to be marry , he certainly will take care of she affair . minerva : all that do not find the murderer . JOHN : how about that Oriental sleuth you tell I about ? minerva : ( with scorn ) a chinaman ! why , even the police in Boston need prodding . when I lose my little dog , abigail , I finally have to see the police commissioner before I get the slight aid in recover she . ( triumphantly ) but they find she ! and that 's what I want you to do . accompany this Mr. Chan , and keep he from fall asleep under palm tree . JOHN : ( sigh ) where do I find the honorable Mr. Chan ? minerva : doze at he desk in the police station , I be sure . JOHN : ( dryly ) hail , the new detective ! John pick up he hat and leave . scene 111 interior barbara' room the door be partly open . her luggage still unpack be in the room . Barbara , wear the clothes she have arrive in that morning , recline on a chaise longue , weep brokenly . jennison , very tender and solicitous , be with she . barbara : but I can not understand it , Harry . you know daddy do not have a enemy in the world . jennison : he should not have have . he be one of the finest man I ever know . barbara : ( suddenly ) uncle amo ! he always hate dad ! oh , no ! I can not believe that ! she sob . jennison bend over she , take she hand and kissing it gently . jennison : please do not , Barbara . barbara : ( control herself ) it 's so good to have you , Harry . you will take care of everything ? jennison : of course , dear . there be a light knock on the partly open door and minerva enter with a cup of hot coffee for Barbara . as she cross the room , minerva say : minerva : I want you to drink this , child . jennison : ( prepare to leave ) I have get to go now , Barbara . try and get some rest , will not you ? Barbara make a pathetic attempt to smile bravely . barbara : I will try . jennison kiss she on the forehead . jennison : I will be back soon . jennison leave . Barbara cling to minerva who set the coffee down and put she arm around the girl . minerva : there , there , dear . scene 112 exterior dan' driveway jennison 's roadster be park here . jennison come from the house . at the same time amo be walk along driveway on he way to the house . they meet at the car . amos : ah , I be want a word with you . jennison : yes ? amos : I feel it be my duty to take a hand in my brother 's affair .... go over he private papers , in fact . jennison : ( firmly ) Barbara have ask I to attend to all that , Mr. winterslip . amos : ( raising he voice ) I be the logical one , I should think . jennison : ( crisply ) after all , I be he attorney . amos : that be exactly why I make my request . perhaps I know more about you association with my brother than you think . the two man look at each other with repress antagonism , each show a certain wariness . jennison shrug . jennison : very well . would this evening suit you ? amos : right now would be even better . jennison : I be sorry . I have some other business to attend to now and I promise to spend the remainder of the day with Barbara . amos : very well , then , this evening . jennison glare after he , get in he car and drive off . amo continue on into the house . scene 113 interior SMALL restuarant Chan be seat alone at a table near the window as we see print in reverse on the window : " the all - american restaurant " a japanese waiter come to the table with a piece of pie and place it in front of Chan . Chan inspect the pie gravely and then call : chan : waiter ! the waiter return . be kind to summon proprietor of he unworthy establishment . waiter : please to state you complaint . I be also proprietor . chan : this sector of pie appear most unhygienic . it be my unfortunate lot to look for fingerprint in my profession . but when they appear in pie , they be neither helpful nor tasty . the waiter pick up the pie and exit with it . John quincy enter the cafe , look around , see Chan and come to he table . JOHN : Mr. Chan ? chan : most correct . JOHN : they tell I over at the station that I would find you here . I be John quincy winterslip . chan : ( rise ) most honore . pray accept this unworthy chair . JOHN : ( sitting down ) I arrive on the ' President Tyler ' this morning from Boston . Dan winterslip be my uncle . chan : most unfortunate and disagreeable homicide . it be proper for I to infer that you wish to speak of distress incident ? JOHN : yes . I would like to accompany you in you investigation . I will not pretend that I will be of much assistance , but I promise not to be a hindrance . chan : you desire be my great delight . if for no other reason than you refresh employment of extravagant English which be rare here . most helpful to my meager vocabulary . JOHN : have you form any theory as yet regard the crime ? chan : theory like fingerprint ... everybody have they . only fact and motive lead to murderer . ( suddenly remember ) oh , thousand pardon ! dry up plate of soup , perhaps ? JOHN : no , thank you . chan : then let we be on we way . we shall gather we to Captain hallett and make for the reef and Palm Hotel . ( call ) proprietor ! Chan pick up the slip on the table which be he check . the waiter come into the scene . chan : I pay most unwillingly . anxiously await day when law consider such food major crime . waiter : thank you . Chan and John leave the restaurant . scene 114 exterior STREET Chan 's antiquated Ford be park at the curb . Chan and John come into scene . Chan remove huge lock from front wheel of car . John watch he , amused . JOHN : ( dryly look car over ) I suppose you carry insurance , too ? chan : every kind . ( with elaborate gesture ) please to enter . a most humble chariot but always reliable like model wife . JOHN : ( look Ford over ) sort of model T wife , eh? chan : just so , good joke . Chan and John get in car . Chan unlock and work several contraption . Chan step on the starter , a bit nervously but when the car respond and motor start , he sigh with relief and they start out . dissolve to : scene 115 exterior reef and palm HOTEL it be a weather - beat frame building , part of it be extend on rickety pile out over the water . a riotous garden surround it on the rear and two side . Chan and John drive up in Chan 's Ford . behind they come hallett in he car . all three get out of car . hallett : ( look at John ) who 's this ? chan : great pleasure in present nephew of decease man . it be he wish to accompany we . hallett : ( gruffly ) well , all right , but just leave the actual business of all this to we . JOHN : ( stiffly ) I never intend otherwise , I assure you . they start for the dilapidate stairway lead up to the entrance of the hotel when egan come run down the stair . he be about to brush past the three man when hallett stop he . hallett : hey , you , Jim egan , just a minute . egan : ( turn ) yes ? hallett : we want a few word with you . egan : I be frightfully sorry , old man , but I have a most press date and I be late as it be . some other time .... hallett : ( like a bullet ) now ! egan : ( without raise he voice ) impossible . I have get to get down to the dock within five minute .... hallett seize egan by the arm and begin to force he back up the stair again . hallett : Inside , you . egan : ( furious ) take you hand off I , you ... hallett : watch you step , egan , I guess you know why we be here . egan : I have not the slight idea . hallett : I suppose you do not know that Dan winterslip be murder last night . egan : so I read in the morning paper . but I still do not know why you be here . hallett again urge egan up the stair . hallett : you be the last person to see he alive . now stop stalling and come inside . the four of they mount the stair . scene 116 interior reef and palm HOTEL there be two exit in the lobby , which have a picturesque shabbiness . a beachcomber have slip in when egan go out , perhaps to get a glimpse of a newspaper from " home " . when hallett , John , egan and Chan enter , the beachcomber make a hasty silent exit . egan indicate chair and they all seat themselves . egan : I be certain you will soon find you be make a big mistake ... so if you will just be as brief as possible . I have to get to the dock . chan : last night you telephone Mr. winterslip . wished to cancel engagement with he . he insisted upon see you . you go to he house some time after eleven as he most urgently request . conversation with he be exciting one . voice be elevate . it be not quite so ? egan : ( nervously ) quite . the man be all seat with they back to the exit , engross in they conversation . we see the beachcomber move stealthily past the open doorway and glance in as he pass . then he move away . chan : every fence have two side . humbly suggest you tell yours . egan : ( he take out a cigarette case and with shaking finger light a cigarette ) I do make a appointment with winterslip for last night , but I change my mind . I telephone to tell he so but he insisted upon keep it , so I go shortly after eleven . hallett : who let you in ? egan : winterslip be wait in the garden . we talk there for a while then go inside . we talk a half a hour about ... the ...er ... business that bring I . then I leave and come right home . chan : you clerk ... ( waving hand toward desk ) .... see you come in ? egan : I have no clerk . chan : you and Mr. winterslip be good friend ? egan : in the twenty - three year I have be here , I never speak to he until the other morning on the telephone . chan : then you be acquainted with he previous ? egan : ( hesitantly ) yes , slightly . so slightly that winterslip have completely forget it . chan : but you memory retain it and after twenty - three year you call he on sudden business . egan : I do . chan : thank you so much . and now please what be that business ? egan : I can not tell you . hallett : oh , yes , you can . egan : ( quietly ) never . hallett : you would better come along with I . you will tell it to the prosecutor . now egan be angry . he crush the cigarette he have be smoking in a tray and rise . egan : now , look here . I have tell you once , my business with winterslip be my own . calmly Chan lean over and pick up the cigarette stub . he gaze happily at it , then take a small box from he pocket , open it , take out the stub he find in the garden , compare they . scene 117 insert two cigarette stub in Chan 's finger , each bear the name " corsican " . chan's voice : ( say aloud ) " corsican " and the same cigarette . chan : you always smoke this , Mr. egan ? egan : ( startle ) no. chan : they be not for sale here on the Island , Mr. egan . please let I see you case . egan reluctantly hand over he case . Chan find half a dozen of the same brand of cigarettes in the case . from this he look inquiringly at egan . egan : ( nervously ) they be give to I . chan : who be generous person , please ? egan : I be ... I be afraid I can not tell you that either . John be view the proceedings with superior distaste . JOHN : why not arrest he , Captain hallett ? it 's pretty obvious he 's implicate . egan turn a glare of intense dislike to John . hallett rise . hallett : come on , egan . egan : if you will just wait until this afternoon .... hallett : get you hat . egan suddenly become a figure which strongly appeal to the sympathy . egan : gentlemen , if you will just wait a moment or two . you have do I out of the pleasure of meeting my daughter at the dock . ( he glance at the clock above the desk ) the ' matsonia ' 's be in fifteen minute and she will be here in a moment . JOHN : ( annoy ) I say , have not we waste enough time already ? chan : time only waste when sprinkle perfume on goat farm . now into the scene come carlotta egan , with she suitcase . John recognize she as the girl he have meet on the ferry and look on in astonishment as she drop she grip and run into egan 's arm . carlotta : dad ! where be you ? you have never miss meeting I be ---- ( she suddenly become aware of the other man and ask slowly ) what be the matter ? egan : I have a little business in the city , carlotta , dear . if I be not back soon , you take charge . carlotta : ( nervously ) what 's happen ? hallett : I be sorry , miss , but you father 's be hold for question in a murder case . come on , egan . hallett firmly lead egan away . carlotta stand there bewilder . John step up to she . JOHN : perhaps I can explain . I do not suppose you remember I ? carlotta : of course I do , the missionary . she brushes past John , run to the door and see : scene 119 from carlotta' angle egan get into hallett 's car . hallett get in and the car start off . scene 120 interior HOTEL lobby - medium shot carlotta watch the car disappear . John come up to she and carlotta turn quickly to he . carlotta : what have happen . JOHN : my uncle be murder . carlotta : oh ! and you blame my father ? JOHN : I be awfully sorry , but the evidence make it appear .... carlotta : ( flaring ) what evidence ? how dare you even think my father could do such a thing ! it 's too bad you throw away that high hat . carlotta be ready to weep with anger and anxiety . she turn on she heel and leave . John look helplessly after she . Chan , who have be shrewdly observe this , approach John , who be look off in the direction take by carlotta . JOHN : perhaps egan be not guilty , Mr. Chan . do you think we have be too hasty ? chan : perhaps - hasty accuse , leisurely repent . Chan and John be go out of the hotel on Chan 's speech . scene 121 exterior reef and palm John and Chan come to Chan 's car - Chan take big old - fashioned lock off wheel . they get in . again Chan be uncertain as to response of car . he step on starter and be gratify with the car 's immediate response . car start out . scene 122 camera trucking along beside the car Chan 's expression be blandly noncommittal as they ride . John look worried . presently he say : JOHN : there 's something that 's be on my mind all along , Mr. Chan . chan : humbly suggest .... shoot . JOHN : a strong - box I be bring to my uncle Dan from San Francisco be steal from I on the way over . you see , it be like this ..... as John start to tell about the box , camera stop , and we see the beachcomber slip from behind palm tree and watch car disappear . fade out and into : scene 123 exterior dan' veranda amo and minerva be have tea . amos : ( severely ) of course , I be not in a position to exert any authority but I feel very strongly against it . the idea of a child plan marriage so soon after she father 's death be little short of sinful . minerva : well , it seem that Mr. jennison have to leave for China next week , and will be go a year . the poor child feel she will be better off away , forget it , than alone here . amos : even so , it 's disgraceful . there 's such a thing as respect for the dead . minerva : ( sigh ) there must be , amo . amos : jennison be show I Dan 's papers tonight . perhaps I will find some information of importance . you know , I have never trust jennison . John come into the scene , toss he hat on a chair and sit down . JOHN : hello . minerva : what news . JOHN : they have arrest egan , but the more I think about it , the less I believe he guilty . minerva : it seem to I you be all forget the wrist watch . JOHN : so we be ! how stupid ! amos : I do not believe that will help we . ( turn directly to minerva ) that compton woman I speak of to you , minerva . I think the real murderer have something to do with the life Dan lead with that woman . minerva : ( slowly ) there might be some truth in it . minerva reach for she handbag and take out the brooch hold it up for they to see . he give she this a short time ago . kamaikui find it here the night of the murder . JOHN : ( excitedly ) why do not you tell Chan about it ? minerva : ( coldly ) this be not a matter for official pry . I intend to see she myself . JOHN : I think I would better do that . amos : no - I will see she . give I the brooch . Chan 's voice come over the scene . chan be voice : the law be honest man 's eyeglass to see better . humbly suggest unworthy self as proper person . they turn as Chan come into the scene . he hold he hand out to minerva , who after a second 's hesitation , give he the brooch . chan : thank you so much . amos : perhaps you be right . let I know what you find out . chan : always enjoy to talk when word be important . amo exit . scene 124 exterior dan' driveway jennison be get out of he car . Barbara be there meeting he - amo pass they on he way home , and nod curtly . barbara : ( look after amo ) uncle amo have take a very sudden interest in dad 's affair . I do not think I like it . jennison : I do not think he like we either . but then what do he like ? barbara : he 's so different from dad . I sometimes wonder if they be really brother . jennison : ( tenderly ) Barbara , I be go to do my best to make you forget all this . promise to help I . barbara : you have be wonderful , Harry . by this time they have arrive at the door of he house and they stop . jennison : I hope you will always think so . he take she in he arm and kiss she tenderly . fade out . fade in : scene 125 interior arlene's beach house Steve be stand over arlene , berate she . she be weep . steve : I say you be dumb , and I still say you be dumb . arlene : oh , Steve - how can you be so brutal - there be a knock at the door . steve : who be it ? chan be voice : Police Department . Steve and arlene exchange a quick , frighten glance . Steve go to the door , the camera panning with he . he open the door , and Chan step in . he bow to arlene . chan : Mrs. compton ? arlene : yes. chan : forgive intrusion , please - but I must ask you question about Mr. Dan winterslip . arlene give a little moan and put she handkerchief to she eye . you know he well ? Steve intervene . steve : why not you leave she alone ? can not you see she 's all break up ? Chan turn suavely on he . chan : sometimes beneath eye that weep be tooth that laugh . arlene sit up indignantly . Steve be tough . steve : what 's the idea of crack wise ? chan : wisdom be strong lever to pry knowledge loose . maybe I have question for you , too - under he gaze , Steve drop back a step . arlene : what do you want to know ? chan : you be Mr. winterslip 's - er - er - he pause , search for a word . - excuse poor English , please - friend ? arlene : he be my fianc . chan : a soft word do not scratch the tongue - his death be big surprise to you ? he bow . she touch she eye with the handkerchief and nod . chan ( cont would ) : when do you see he last ? arlene change she front . she be defiant . arlene : how dare you make any insinuation ! I do not know anything about poor Danny 's death . I have not see he since last Friday . chan : you be not there last night ? arlene : no . Chan extend he open hand , show she the brooch . chan : pardon I , please . arlene give a start as she see the brooch . arlene : that 's mine - give it to I . Chan shake he head and put the brooch in he pocket . chan : it now belong to law . it be find in house of murder man . he stare steadily at she . you be with he on night he be kill . arlene change front . arlene : yes , I be - but I have nothing to do with he death . I go over to return that brooch . at nine - thirty , I leave . that 's the truth - you be not go to drag I into this , be you ? chan : many time ship of reputation wreck on rock of crime . Steve snarl at he . steve : you get nothing on we . chan : that we shall see . time cover and discover everything . meanwhile please not to try leave Island . that be official . he bow and exit . Steve be worried . steve : they can not hang it on we - they can not . arlene : oh , Steve - I be frighten . dissolve to : scene 126 interior reef and palm HOTEL carlotta at desk . brade , a cockney provincial , of about fifty year of age , step up to the deck and give carlotta he door key . he be carry a small travel bag . carlotta : good evening , Mr. brade . brade : even ' . any mail ? carlotta : ( turn , look at pigeon hole ) nothing . brade : I be leave for the island of maui for a few day . but I be not checkin ' out , a ' I would be oblige if no one go into my room while I be go . carlotta : of course not , Mr. brade . brade leave . carlotta , who have be go over some papers , now put some of they into a drawer of the desk . her attention be arrest by something she see in the drawer . she quickly pick it up . scene 127 insert of check in carlotta' hand it be for five thousand dollar , payable to James egan , and sign by Dan winterslip . scene 128 interior lobby carlotta look at check first in amazement , and then with a thoughtful frown . she look up to see koahla come into the lobby . he be carry a package , wrap , under he arm , which be actually the strong box . as koahla approach the desk , carlotta hastily slip the check into the drawer and close it . koahla : like to see Mr. brade , please . carlotta : I be sorry , he 's just leave . do you want to leave something for he ? koahla : come back . he move away quickly , and be about to leave by the front entrance when suddenly he stop , as he see someone approach , and hastily leave by a door lead to the beach . John quincy come in by the main entrance . he come to the desk . JOHN : miss egan . carlotta look up , see John , and she face become set . John find it difficult to go on , but be determine . I ... I wish you would let I explain . ( a feeble attempt at a joke ) I be not a missionary . she just stare at he stonily . he find it still more difficult . unfortunately I have be put in the position of play at detective . carlotta : ( icily ) well , I wish you would pick up you toy and play somewhere else . JOHN : I do not realize ... I mean , I do not know you father ... what I really mean be I do not believe he be guilty . carlotta : ( coldly ) that 's very kind of you . you do not know how relieved I be . ( sarcastically ) I suppose that now you have change you mind , he 's automatically release . JOHN : no , but I be go to clear he . carlotta : ( bitterly ) I do not see how you can spend you time around here . with that , carlotta turn from John deliberately and start for the door lead to beach . John follow . JOHN : ( earnestly ) I just want you to believe I , that 's all . he fall into step with she - as they exit . scene 129 interior lobby Chan enter , find lobby empty , cross to desk and look at register . scene 130 insert a portion of register show name " t.m. brade " and " room no. 14 " . scene 131 interior lobby Chan 's eye begin to travel over desk in search of further information . scene 132 exterior moonlit beach - trucking shot John and carlotta . he have evidently make she listen to he , but she be far from be friendly . JOHN : so it be simply a question of find the person who fit the clue . as far as I can see it certainly be not you father . carlotta : ( angrily ) then why do not they release he ? JOHN : well , he admit he be there that night , and he refuse to tell the nature of he business . carlotta : I be sure he have a good reason . JOHN : but they do not know that . he turn and take she hand in he . look , be not there some way I can make you believe that I really want to help you ? carlotta soften a little . carlotta : but why should you ? JOHN : ( smiling ) the hero always help the maiden in distress . carlotta : and you be the hero ? JOHN : you can tell I that - later - now the important thing be to find some way to clear you father . carlotta : ( slow , struggle with herself as to whether or not to tell ) I find a check date the night of the murder in father 's desk , make out by you uncle to he . ( triumphantly ) if Mr. winterslip give he a check that night , my father certainly intend to cash it . and that would prove difficult under the circumstance . therefore , it would be to he advantage if Mr. winterslip be alive ! that ought to clear he ! JOHN : that sound reasonable . will you let I have the check ? carlotta : ( look at he searchingly as if make up she mind . finally ) yes. JOHN : ( gratefully ) thank you . they turn and start back . scene 133 interior brade' HOTEL room Chan be there go over brade 's belonging . his luggage be plainly mark " t.m.b. , Calcutta " . Chan have find a round tin box fill with cigarettes . scene 134 insert tin of cigarettes . Chan 's finger select one , turn it so we can see the name " corsican " write on it . chan's voice : " corsican " . scene 135 interior room Chan add one of this to the two stub which he already have of the same brand . then he prepare to leave the room , put thing back as he have find they . scene 136 interior reef and palm lobby Cope stand at the desk in the empty lobby . his manner suggest that he have be there for some moment , tapping bell . Chan come into the lobby , go behind the desk . we see he place key on # 14 rack . Cope , see he , think he be the clerk . cope : where can I find Mr. egan ? Chan realize Cope 's mistake and be quick to take advantage of it . chan : you be ... please ? cope : my name be cope. chan : ( gratify ) give I great honor to make you acquaintance . I intend to visit you later . cope : I be afraid I have not the slight knowledge of who be address I . chan : you most insignificant servant , Charles Chan . cope : what can I do for you , Mr. Chan ? chan : you can make I most happy by tell I what you do last Monday . Cope stare at Chan with a expression which might be fear . then he become indignant . cope : be you try to be funny ? chan : funny as man can be about murder . Chan take he badge from he pocket and hold it for Cope to look at it . scene 137 insert of badge in chan's hand scene 138 interior lobby Cope 's attitude change to one of concern . chan : beg to repeat question . cope : ( coldly ) I see no reason why I should answer . he crush out he cigarette in a tray , and turn on he heel , stride rapidly from the lobby . Chan immediately pick up the stub . scene 139 insert of cigarette stub in chan's finger it also bear the name " corsican " . chan's voice : " corsican " . scene 140 interior lobby Chan look after Cope 's recede figure and murmur : chan : thank you so much . he store the stub with the other . scene 141 exterior reef and palm motel trucking shot of John and carlotta come along the path close to the building . there be a tangle mass of shrubbery against the building . carlotta : you must have think I be a very dreadful person . JOHN : I never think that - even for a minute . I understand perfectly how you feel . carlotta : I be so upset and worried - and angry , too - because I know that never could my father kill anyone - it 's just not in he nature . JOHN : I be sure he do not do it . well , from now on I be share you worry . carlotta : but will not you be go back to Boston ? JOHN : not until we get you father out of trouble - and not until - he pause . she look up at he expectantly , unconsciously they start to sway toward one another . there be a rustle from the bush . scene 142 close shot on shrub it move as if someone be conceal back of it . scene 143 exterior reef and palm - medium shot John quickly dive into the shrubbery and grapples with someone . carlotta move back with a startle cry . John drag the fellow into the bright moonlight . it be koahla . in the native 's struggle to free himself , the package be tear and he drop the box . John seize it . koahla break and run away . John look at the box in astonishment . scene 144 insert of BOX show initial " t.m.b " . john' voice : ( excitedly ) I have get to see Chan at once . scene 145 exterior reef and palm John and carlotta start to run . scene i46 closeup as revolver in man 's hand come around the trunk of palm tree and two shot be fire . scene 147 side of HOTEL carlotta and John be hasten in its shadow , about to turn the corner of the building . the shot stop momentarily . then John , quick as lightning , take carlotta 's arm and pull she around the corner . scene 148 around corner John have carlotta in he arm . JOHN : you be not hurt ? carlotta : you ! she take hold of he arm . he look down quickly . scene 149 insert of john' arm her hand be on it . we see a bullet hole through the coat . scene 150 exterior reef and palm JOHN : ( strangely exhilated ) never touch I . carlotta sigh in great relief . carlotta : oh - I be so glad . she sway a little . he put he arm around she . JOHN : steady - I be all right . carlotta : you might have be kill . JOHN : heroes be always shot at - but never hit - because there have to be a happy end . now let 's find Chan . she look up at he smile anxiously . chan be voice : already find . you be elect target for recent shot ? both John and Barbara look up to veranda above . JOHN : Chan ! they start up the step . scene 151 veranda , reef and palm moonlight on ocean and beach in back ground , Chan stand there calmly as they move hastily into scene . JOHN : never mind about the shot . this be more important . you remember the box I tell you be steal from I on the boat ? chan : memory serve well . JOHN : ( handing it to he triumphantly ) I take it away from koahla , but he get away . carlotta : he probably be the one who fire at we . you ought to go after he . chan : ( examine the box ) can not get far . to conceal oneself from law be like try to hide in bird cage . John be observe Chan 's scrutiny of the box . it be lock . JOHN : I wonder what 's in it . chan : shall gratify you worthy curiosity . he take from he pocket a knife . open one of the blade which be a sharp delicate strip of steel , and pick the lock in a astonishingly short period of time . Chan look in box , smile . chan : look ! they look . scene 152 insert : inside of BOX it be empty . chan be voice : empty as Robin 's nest in January . scene 153 exterior veranda JOHN : ( slightly exasperate ) then what could uncle Dan 's urgency have be ? chan : Mr. brade very best person to answer that question . carlotta : Mr. brade ? why , a Mr. brade be stop here at the hotel . JOHN : ( excitedly ) let 's see he at once . carlotta : oh ! you can not . he 's go away for a few day . JOHN : where ? can not we go after he ? chan : make haste only when withdraw hand from mouth of tiger . and now , humbly beg to be excuse . I have appointment with honorable amo winterslip . he pick up box and bow . JOHN : er , ah , do you need I ? chan : ( smile ) humbly suggest you continue along present line . ( this , with ever so slight glance in carlotta 's direction ) as Chan go down step , camera pan to include Chan 's Ford in back ground in driveway . he carry the box to the car - unlock car - get in and drive away . scene 154 interior lobby John and carlotta come to desk . carlotta : oh , you forget to tell Chan about the check . she walk behind the deck . he lean on it . JOHN : ( smiling ) too many thing happen in too short a time . let I have it - I will catch he at uncle amo ' . she go to the drawer where she have leave the check and start to open it . she be arrest by he speech in the act of open the drawer . you know , you ought not to be here all alone ... I mean until you father get back . be not you at all afraid ? carlotta : why , I have not even think about it . JOHN : well , I have . I think I will move in . carlotta : ( fluster ; yet secretly gratify ) why , I ... I would not dream of allow it , really . JOHN : this be a hotel , be not it ? carlotta : yes . John very calmly take the pen from the holder and write he name on the register . JOHN : with bath , please . carlotta look at he . she can not refuse . turn to the keyboard , she take a key from it and hand it across the desk to he . John look at the key . on the ocean side ? carlotta : yes , sir . they look at each other . then , she , to hide she embarrassment , open the drawer to get the check . scene 155 insert of OPEN drawer carlotta 's hand come into the scene stir the content in search of the check . scene 156 interior lobby carlotta suddenly look up at John in blank amazement . JOHN : what 's up ? carlotta : it 's go ! the check be go ! JOHN : go ! he lean over the desk as if to assure himself that the check be really go . he then reach across the desk with he leave hand , take she hand and press it with swift tenderness . I will be back . he cross to the door , then turn . JOHN : Goodbye . carlotta : Goodbye . John go out . scene 157 exterior reef and palm John come run down the stairway and hurry along the garden path . dissolve into : scene 158 road near amos ' house Chan 's Ford be park at the roadside . John come along the road . he see Chan 's Ford and be about to continue on when he hear the crackle of twig under foot . John stop abruptly , look in the direction of the noise . JOHN : ( sharply ) Chan ? chan's voice : ( from opposite direction ) here , please . at the sound of Chan 's voice , John again turn he head . at the same moment , a figure dart out from back of Ford and start run down the road . John dash in pursuit . scene 159 exterior road near amos ' fence in the moonlight we see Chan stooping over some object on the ground . he now straighten and take a step or two toward the camera as if he be try to locate John . chan : ( call ) John ! john' voice : ( muffled ) come ... Chan wait anxiously . in a moment , John appear , drag the beachcomber . JOHN : I find this fellow lurking in the .... John break off abruptly for Chan have move to one side so that now John can see what be heretofore hide from he . scene 160 close shot near fence the distort corpse of amo lie on the ground . scene 161 another angle John be stunne , horrify . JOHN : uncle amo ! as John move involuntarily toward the body of amo , Chan step close to the beachcomber , seize he wrist suddenly and hold it up . scene 162 insert of beachcomber's wrist show the wrist watch with the numeral two obscure . over the scene come John 's voice : john' voice : ( excitedly ) that 's we man ! fade out . fade in : scene 163 interior police station - day Chan be seat at desk , calmly write on piece of paper . hallett be pace back and forth , very much upset . hallett : I tell you , Charlie , they be put the thumbscrews on I . that minerva winterslip woman be raise the roof at the Governor General 's mansion . and if we do not get to the bottom of this right away , it mean my stripe and you job . Chan continue to write without look up . chan : can not hasten . cat who try to catch two mouse at one time , go without supper . hallett : ( impatiently ) I know , I know , Charlie . but the newspaper be on my tail . chan : ( look up , smile ) ah , you can portion it out , but can not receive it , eh ? he continue to write . scene 164 very close shot on Chan 's hand , write list of the name of the suspect . he have already write : t.m. brade arlene compton Steve leatherbee koahla James egan Chan write the name of " Arthur Temple Cope " . scene 165 medium shot jennison be escort in the office by a uniform policeman . Chan look up . hallett nod curtly . hallett : yes , Mr. jennison ? jennison : I be here as the late Mr. winterslip 's attorney to protest against the way you investigation have be handle . chan : unworthy officer apologize for stupidity - very sorry . jennison : sorry ? you be go to be a lot more than sorry if you do not do something right away . do you realize that the ' President Tyler ' sail tomorrow morning with most of you suspect on it ? hallett : sure , we know - what do you want we to do - stop the boat ? jennison : I demand that you make every effort to arrest the guilty person before tomorrow - otherwise I shall register a formal protest with the Governor General . scene 166 window of room high up through the bar stealthily come a long narrow tube hold in a man 's hand . scene 167 interior police station Chan rise , the piece of paper in he hand . chan : if you will please see that this people be at winterslip house tonight at eight thirty , we shall do we very best . have plan . as Chan finish speak , he hand the paper to toward hallett . a dart flash into the scene past Chan 's head , pierce the paper , and pin it to the desk . scene 168 insert : quivering dart , stick in desk through paper . back to : scene 169 interior police station the three man look up in direction of window . there be no one there . jennison : who be that ? chan : ( pick up dart ) enough poison on this to bring immediate death to all concerned . hallett , who have be stunne with amazement , now turn and rush from the room . hallett : ( shout ) flannagan ! Hong foo ! Chan turn to jennison . chan : most strange . no native ever do anything to Chan - unless hire by someone . he look significantly at jennison . dissolve to : scene 170 interior chan's dine room the entire family be at dinner . Chan look at one of he son admonishingly . chan : Soup be food , not musical instrument . boy : well , then , how about that saxophone you promise I ? chan : ( grimace ) of both prefer musical soup . Chan rise . the whole family stand up respectfully . Chan turn to the eldest son on he right . oswald . oswald : what 's on you mind , pop ? chan : you have carefully go over instruction ? oswald : everything 's Jake . chan : ( puzzle ) Jake ? oswald : okay . chan : ( enlighten ) oh ... okay . during this , Mrs. Chan have leave the room . she now re-enter , bring Chan he hat . mrs . chan : you will be home early ? chan : can not say . mrs . chan : good luck . chan : luck and help of inscrutable fate extremely necessary . tonight decide future . tomorrow big detective or lowly laundry man . as Chan leave , put on he hat , fade out . fade in : scene 171 exterior dan' house - night the house be brightly light within . bar of light sift through the venetian blind on the veranda . we can hear the murmur of many voice from the inside . John and carlotta come up the garden path and , as they near the door , carlotta stop . John slip he arm about she protectingly . JOHN : wo not you come in ? there 's nothing to worry about . carlotta hold back nervously . carlotta : but you know what happen in case like this . all they be interested in , be a conviction . it do not matter to they if the man be innocent as long as they can prove he guilty . JOHN : do not be nervous . for you father 's sake . he will feel better if he see you believe in he . carlotta brace herself and manage to smile . as they go into the house , dissolve into : scene 172 interior dan' live room - close shot at door John and carlotta enter , pause , they eye travel around the room . scene 173 interior live room - pan shot around room as we pick up each character , the voice of the other be hear , ad lib . as we reach each individual , we hear what he be say to the exclusion of the other , whose voice be but indistinctly hear . camera first pan on brade . brade : ( nervously ) wot 's it all about , be wot I want to know . brade turn , as he say this , as if he be ask the question of the man next to he . camera pan as he turn , revealing Cope . cope : ( coldly squelching the man ) perhaps you be right . Cope turn away , satisfied the man will bother he no more , and look off . his attention be catch by someone , to whom he nod reassuringly . camera swing to egan , who be answer the look ; nervous , pleadingly hopeful in he gaze . camera pan to arlene compton , who turn and speak , preen herself very much in the manner of a English grand dame . arlene : silly bore , this gathering , what ? camera pan direction she be look , revealing Steve , look at she in open-mouthed astonishment . steve : what ? camera pan , pass in succession the beachcomber , koahla , the three policeman stand at the door , hallett and the doctor . camera pan farther . minerva be voice be hear just before the camera pick she up , where she be sit with jennison and Barbara . minerva : this be all poppycock . the idea of bring all this people into the house . the first thing I will do when I get back to the States be to put this in the hand of the proper authority , you may be sure . as she reach the end of she speech , camera pan to dining room door , and we see Charlie Chan stand there , have just arrive , listen with calm amusement to she speech . he have a box under he arm . chan : thank you so much . scene 174 interior live room Chan see carlotta and John at door . chan : please be seat . he indicate the direction with he hand , and John and carlota move across the room to sit with minerva , jennison and Barbara . carlotta throw a fleeting smile of cheer in the direction of she father , who try to smile back . Chan look over the entire room , searchingly , as he start to talk , stand in front of table . chan : you have all , except one , good excuse for much annoyance that I bring you here tonight . humbly request patience , for though all be call perhaps only one choose ..... scene 175 closeup chan's hand as he open the book and lay the exhibit out in orderly fashion on the table . his voice come over the scene . chan's voice : I have before I evidence which show that every person in room see Dan winterslip or have reason to see he the night of murder . scene 176 live room Chan pause , and with a gesture toward the family group , add : chan : except this five . ( pause ) first I shall prove motive . scene 177 close shot of brade uneasily he take out a cigarette and light it . chan be voice : Mr. brade ! suddenly into the scene right front of brade , come the box . brade start nervously . camera move back far enough to include Chan , who be hold the box . chan : be this you box ? brade : I never see it before in I life . chan : this be you initial ? brade : they be also my father 's . chan : humbly suggest you tell what you know of all this . brade : I do not know nothing . I come 'ere to ' awaii to see Dan winterslip to get by rights what be mine . Dan winterslip rob my father when 'e be a mate on my father 's ship , thirty - five year ago . when my father die , winterslip bury ' im in the South Seas , and keep all ' be fortune , South american gold and jewel . I have be a Civil service worker in India until I be retire . I have be wait thirty year to save enough money to come 'ere to get what be rightfully mine , but I never 'ad a chance to see 'im . chan : you do not see Dan winterslip the night of the murder ? brade : no , I do not , worse luck . chan : you smoke corsican cigarettes ? pick up cigarette from desk . chan : one be find on this grounds . it be a brand not sell on the Islands . brade : ( wildly ) well , I do not know nothin ' about it . ( suddenly ) yes , I do . ( he point off at egan ) the camera pan quickly to egan , who look startle and then pan back to Chan and brade again . I give egan here a couple . ' E say 'ow 'e be famish for a ' omey fag . chan : thank you so much . as Chan go out of the scene , the camera roll up close on Cope , who be cooly smoking a cigarette . chan be voice : Mr. cope. cope : ( suavely ) Mr. Chan . chan's voice : you smoke corsican cigarettes , also . cope : quite right . Chan come into the scene speak and hold two of the cigarette stub . chan : a most singular difference , however , be to be notice from the two brand of corsican ... one extract of virginian , other of turkish influence . you favor Virginia . cope : ( nervously ) what if I do ? chan : Mr. brade smoke turkish . cope : well ? chan : stub find here that night , virginian . what be you do here ? cope : I be not here that night . chan : can you prove ? cope : I go to bed early and read . chan : regret such alibis have habit of disappear like cheese in vicinity of mouse . minerva's voice : cheese and mouse , fiddlestick . the camera swing to minerva who sit indignantly erect in she chair . Captain Cope have tea with I here that afternoon . chan be voice : much time save if honorable lady not so secretive with important information . minerva : whom I have tea with be my own affair . camera swing back to Chan and Cope . chan : we be still in most complete fog concern you business on this Island . cope : ( determinedly ) well , sir , if you really must know , I ..... Cope sit straighter in he chair and involuntarily look off at egan . the camera swing to egan , who quickly and pleadingly shake he head , then camera swing back to cope and chan again as Cope stop abruptly . Chan , however , have catch the business . chan : humbly suggest you continue . cope : ( lean back in chair ) I have nothing more to say . chan : more later . thank you so much . as Chan turn from Cope . scene 178 closeup of brooch in Chan 's finger . over the scene come arlene compton 's voice . arlene's voice : yeah ... that 's my brooch all right . scene 179 interior room as arlene claim the brooch , brade rise , come over and look at it . brade : hers , nothing ! that brooch be part of a set belong to my family . there be a necklace and earring that go with it . Chan wave he back to he chair . chan : kindly wait until ask . brade retreat himself and Chan approach arlene . scene 180 arlene and steve she see that she be to be the next one . arlene : now , listen , you chinese rainmaker , I do not know nothing about .... steve : ( under he breath ) let he do the talk , you dummy . Chan come into scene . chan : ( interrupt ) woman 's tongue like sword that never get rusty . arlene turn to Chan as if she have suddenly decide to take he into she confidence . arlene : now I will tell you everything I know , Mr. Chan , which be nothing . ( she draw a long breath ) I be here that night but leave early . I return that brooch to he - steve : get wise to yourself , Chan . why should she kill he ? he be worth more to she alive than dead , be not he ? chan : to you also ? steve : ah , no crack from you . ( to arlene ) come on , Babe , I guess we can scram now . they start up . chan : ( firmly ) when I say go . they hesitate , then resume they seat . as they do so , Chan turn . Mr. egan . he walk out of the scene . scene 181 medium close shot on egan he be pathetically apprehensive . Chan come to he . in he hand hang close to he side , Chan hold the $ 5,000 check . chan : you still stubbornly determine not to tell we the nature of you business the night you see Mr. winterslip ? egan : ( hesitantly ) yes . chan : perhaps you will explain why Mr. winterslip give you this ? he hold up the check . egan start violently , then he flash a quick look off at carlotta . scene 182 close shot carlotta with John on edge of shot . she be look anxiously off at she father , hope he will say something to clear himself . scene 183 egan and chan egan lower he eye and make no reply . chan : regret that without adequate explanation will have to hold . very often circumstantial evidence carry conviction . this be say as a veile threat to urge egan to speak . but egan remain silent . Chan turn and walk away . scene 184 medium full shot Chan cross to table near which hallett be seat . chan : advise that he be take into custody . hallett : right . he start for egan . carlotta : ( rising quickly ) no ! all eye turn to carlotta . she advance to Cope . why do not you speak ? why do not you tell what you know ? she stamp she foot . you - and you proud family ! well , I have not get that kind of pride - I have not any pride where my own be concerned . I will tell ! egan jump up . egan : carlotta - please - she turn to he . carlotta : I know all about it , dad - I have know for year - ever since I find you old diary - it do not matter to I - you be my father no matter who you be or what you do - thirty - five year ago , my father be a teller in a bank in Australia . one day a man walk in with a bag of foreign gold - he cashed it into English pound . it be unusual - so much South american gold be rarely see in that day . my father write the transaction in he diary - and he never forget the face of the man . he be the only live person who could identify winterslip as the man who have brade 's gold . she pause and look defiantly around she . she look at John pitifully , beseech he with she eye . so when I find he check that winterslip give my father - I know he have blackmail winterslip to pay for he silence . John spring to she . she hold he off . I just could not tell you before - I do not want anyone to know - JOHN : what difference would it make to I ? egan lift he shame face . egan : I be go to use the money to send you back to England - to my family - carlotta go to he and put she arm around he . carlotta : I do not want to go to you family - they be not interested in we before - I be not interested in they now . Cope come to she in a kindly way . cope : my dear , do not judge we too harshly - I come here to take he home . chan : I beg pardon - you take he home ? cope : I be he older brother . chan : clue explode in embarrassed face , like load cigar . I be expect .... minerva : ( interrupt ) I can not understand this strange protection of that man . ( she point to the beachcomber ) and that boy . she indicate koahla . Chan walk over to beachcomber , he have the watch in he hand . chan : you be catch in vicinity of amo winterslip 's body wear this on you wrist . it be doubtless fact that same person commit both foul deed . we know who kill Dan winterslip wear this . beachcomber : ( excitedly ) I tell you I find it in the water . chan : when ? beachcomber : I do not remember .... chan : more later . he go to table and pick up box . he then go to koahla . chan : you ! miserable boy . speak . if not , rest of you unworthy life will be spend on rock pile . koahla : ( thoroughly frighten ) know nothing of murder . one day see Mr. winterslip read in paper about Mr. brade come to Hawaii . much excited . I go with he many time to San Francisco house and know of box with Mr. brade 's name in trunk in attic . ask friend on boat to go there quick and get for I . chan : so you could blackmail ? ( to policeman ) take he away . koahla be take out . ( turn to brade ) Mr. brade , you say this belong to you father ? ( show he the brooch ) brade : yus. chan : ( with box in other hand ) and this too ? brade : yus. chan : look ! scene 185 close shot of OPEN BOX in Chan 's hand . Chan press a hide spring , and the bottom of the box shoot forward , revealing a narrow secret drawer , in which we see earring and a necklace of the same peculiar design as the brooch . scene 186 back to scene brade : ( excitedly ) that 's they , sir . that prove it . chan : precisely . you come here that night to get what rightfully be yours , and when Mr. winterslip refuse , you ---- brade : ( frightened ) no , no , I tell you ---- at this moment a loud commotion be hear just outside . everyone key up to a high pitch of excitement show extreme uneasiness . now we see a struggle in the doorway between three man . we recognize Chan 's two elder son , each firmly grasp a struggle figure . scene 187 medium close shot family group they be watch this struggle tensely . suddenly Barbara gasp with astonishment . barbara : why , that 's Mr. Berkeley . jennison : ( amaze ) Berkeley ! minerva : ( excitedly ) who be he ? JOHN : he be aboard ship with we . scene 188 another angle - interior room Chan stand at the table confront Berkeley , who be flanke on either side by Chan 's son . oswald : okay pop ? chan : extremely Jake ! thank you so much . the boy drop back , leave Chan and Berkeley face each other . Berkeley be a little breathless and be arrange he disorder tie , etc . berkeley : this be a outrage ! scene 189 insert : Chan 's hand pick up the piece of seaweed from the table . scene 190 interior room chan : the night of the murder I find this marine vegetation fresh in this house . also do I observe sign of sea water on the mat . a powerful swimmer could have leave the ' President Tyler ' , come in here , and return to ship . ( dramatically point to Berkeley ) you murder Dan and amo winterslip ! there be a gasp of amazement from everyone . berkeley : you will never get I alive ! he look around wildly . Chan take out a gun . Berkeley make a break for the door . the woman scream . chan : get he ! jennison leap for Berkeley , seize he from behind , and although much smaller than Berkeley , we see that by a quick maneuver he throw the man on he back . Berkeley give a cry of pain . Chan put the gun on the table and come to they quickly . berkeley : ( groaning ) my arm . the doctor hasten over and stoops beside Berkeley , quickly examine he arm . hallett : Broken . Chan seize hold of jennison . chan : thank you so much , Mr. jennison . I accuse you of the murder of Dan and amo winterslip . jennison : ( falter ) why , you ... you be crazy . chan : ( facing the room ) Mr. Berkeley be a Federal agent here on business . he have heroically offer to play part for I . barbara : ( cries ) oh no , it can not be Harry . chan : ( to Barbara ) when on ship you send wireless to you father , announce intention to marry ? barbara : yes. chan : but you do not see reply you father send to Mr. jennison ? barbara : no. chan : ( take copy from pocket ) cable office graciously supply copy of same . he hand the wire to she . she read . scene 191 insert : wireless in barbara' hand it read : " harry jennison aboard s.s. president tyler manage to break you engagement with Barbara or will completely disinherit she . if not will expose you , regardless of damage to I . dan " scene 192 back to scene barbara : ( break down ) I do not believe it . chan : ( to jennison ) it be not difficult to discover you record as champion swimmer and student of dishonorable jiu jitsu . jennison : this be ridiculous , I tell you . chan : not so ridiculous - because you kill Mr. amo fear he expose you when he go over papers . also , we find native you hire to blow dart in police station . minerva : fantastic ! what about the wrist watch ? during this , two policeman have come into scene and stand on either side of jennison . Chan go to the table , put he gun down , and pick up the watch , which be square in shape . he come back to jennison and lift he arm , push back he cuff . scene 193 closeup of jennison' wrist wear a large round wrist watch . chan's voice : Officer , kindly remove . the hand of the policeman come into the shot , and the wrist watch be take off . chan be voice : you will notice that although this man wear round wrist watch , sunburn impression be square , fitting this watch . during this speech Chan suit he action to he word . we see he finger fitting the square wrist watch over the space where it have formerly rest , and where it fit exactly . scene 194 medium shot chan : lose wrist watch most untimely . jennison look quickly in direction of Barbara , who look at he , give a low cry and collapse . minerva hasten to she . Chan also bend down to Barbara . chan : be most sorrowful for you . sometimes sad world . baby cry when bear , and often life prove baby right . jennison , take advantage of this unexpected event , see the revolver Chan have place on table . he dive for it , turn and hold the room at bay . everyone shrink back , but Chan , who walk calmly toward he . jennison : stand back , or I will shoot ! Chan continue to walk toward he . jennison , desperate , pull the trigger . there be a click , nothing more . chan : ( smile grimly ) empty gun can only kill guilty man . hallett : take he away , boy . Chan turn to assemblage . chan : thank you , so much . dissolve to : scene 195 interior chan's house -- night in front of house stand a brand new Ford touring car . suddenly from within come a commotion . the front door open , and out stream Chan 's entire family , shouting gleefully , and pile into the car . the youngster fight for the front seat with Chan , ad libbing .... " I want to sit with pop " -- " he promise I " , etc . Mrs. Chan come into scene with the youngest , follow by Chan beam happily . Mrs. Chan take the front seat without a word . Chan look at he wife . chan : inscrutable fate prompt miss minerva winterslip to this unexpected generous reward of new car for humble service . we will now proceed to attest its efficiency . car drive off . dissolve into : scene 196 exterior dan' garden near wall . carlotta and John . JOHN : we could live in San Francisco . carlotta : but I think I would like Boston . scene 197 garden other angle near driveway . Chan 's Ford roll into scene . car stop and Chan look off and indicate to other what he see . scene 198 the shadow of John and carlotta be see merge in a embrace . chan's voice : observe happy phenomenon . scene 199 back to scene of chan mrs . chan : yes - two lover in moonlight cast only one shadow . Chan look at she , then at all he child . chan : yes - one shadow now -- many shadow later . then he try starter fearfully , it respond immediately , much to he satisfaction , and car drive away as we fade out . the end . ---