fade in : ext . waterside cemetery - day title over a series of dissolves . - ancient american grave on a gentle green slope . - a grave digger shovel earth , knee - deep in a hole . - Cemetery worker set up row of fold chair . - a funeral in progress . sob gray-haire woman in black . - the mourner drift away . the digger return , shovel in hand . a old man stand under a nearby tree , watch he work . end title voice ( v.o . ) do you believe in miracle ? I be not talk about watch you kid be bear ... or the Red Sox win the World Series ... I be talk about a real honest to God , kick - in - the - ass miracle . camera pan to florio ferrente , mid-forty , stand among the grave of mayflower pilgrim . florio could lose a few pound but he 's strong as a bull . he speak to the camera ... warm , friendly ... florio ( cont ’d ) like walk on water ... or jump out a window and landing on a cloud ... maybe you do not because you have be around and you have see too much . I be like that once . florio turn to walk away and we follow he through a picture - perfect New England town . the old franklin STREET firehouse the jewel of Old town , surround by impeccably restore historical building . suddenly light flash , siren blare , firemen and paramedics scramble like ant into fluorescent green vehicle and go racing off down the street . florio look at this guy ... they be not happy unless they be rush off to knock down some three alarm somewhere . not I ... maybe in young day but not no more . know where my love one be ... know they be safe ... that 's what keep my heart pump . then ...a distant boom ! florio smile . florio yacht club cannon . it 's the rich guy 's tellin’ the sun it 's okay to set . as florio stroll through the town , he stay constant , but he surroundings magically change . he do not acknowledge any of the passersby , nor do they acknowledge he . florio this here be marblehead , Massachusetts . a lot of '' headers '' have be here for generation ... live out they whole life here without even think about it ... florio smile warmly as he point to a small hospital , over a hundred year old . florio they get bear right there ... at Mary alley Hospital ... ext . driftwood diner - early morning a old time greasy spoon , through the window we can see friendly local , talk , eat breakfast , drink coffee . florio ( v.o . ) they be raise on blueberry pancake and fry dough at the driftwood ... ext . a little bake shop on the pier - day happy kid snack away on big cookie . florio ( v.o . ) ... and Joe frogger cookie at the rusty rudder . ext . movie theater - evening people lining up for the Saturday night show . Young family , old folk , teens on first date ... florio ( v.o. ) they go to the movie at the Warwick ... int . maddie 's bar - night a happy , rowdy place . everybody 's down beer , tell each other they life storey ... and down more beer . florio ( v.o. ) ..- and have one too many drink at maddie 's . ext . old NORTH church - day it 's springtime now . and a happy , bride and groom emerge from the church . everybody throw rice . florio ( v.o. ) they get marry at the Old North Church ... on florio where we first meet he , among new and ancient grave in waterside Cemetery . florio and in the end , when they cross over ... they be bury here , in waterside ... florio look around he . a breeze rustle the petal of wilted flower . he approach one of the new headstone , kneel next to it . florio yeah , I have be around and see too much too . then something happen . it happen on the job one night about thirteen year ago ... what happen be a miracle ... int . high school auditorium - day it 's graduation day and the place be pack with the happy class and they proud family . 4 . at the podium , address the class of 1995 , be 17 - year - old charlie ST . cloud . he 's tall , athletic , fill with energy , earnestness and hope ... florio ( v.o. ) and it happen to he ... Charlie St. cloud ... Charlie may not have be the best or the brightest kid who ever graduate from marblehead High ... but like anybody would tell you ... he sure be the most promise ... pan the face in the audience , hang on Charlie 's every word . and forget about the teenage girl in the audience , Charlie 's break they heart ... florio ( v.o. ) senior class President , captain of the baseball team , the debate team , the sailing team ... Charlie even land himself a free ride at a college he mom could not afford in a million year ... angle - louise ST . cloud Charlie 's mom be in she mid-forty , attractive but wear down by life 's struggle . her eye be glisten with pride . florio ( v.o. ) Louise think Charlie hang the moon . he be she reward for all the thing that have go wrong in she life . namely , Charlie 's father , whoever he be . back on charlie still speak , try to be serious ... but suddenly a big smile cross he face , he have to stifle a laugh as he see - SAM ST . cloud - 12 - year -old , try hard to crack up he big brother . yawning , pretend to nod off , Sam slap himself in the face , try to stay awake . florio ( v.o. ) that 's Sam , Charlie 's kid brother ... now Sam 's use he necktie as a noose - Charlie 's speech be that boring . Charlie look away to keep from laugh . florio ( v.o . ) .... and actually , this miracle that happen ... it also happen to he ... ext . ST . cloud home - day there 's a banner hang outside that say ; congratulation charlie ! Charlie , glad to be out of he suit now , be have a catch with Sam . both boy in good spirit . charlie do you see the look on mikey marooney 's face when they hand he he diploma ? SAM ( laugh ) I know , he be like dumbfounded . charlie he could not believe that he actually graduate . SAM I can not believe that you actually graduate ... charlie ( laugh ) be that right ..? SAM ( smile ) I do not mean it like that ... I just mean ... Charlie know what he kid brother do mean ... charlie hey , Dartmouth be not that far away . besides ... i’1l probably crap out and be home in a month . SAM ( chortle ) you 'il get straight a 's without even try . charlie anyway , we have get the whole summer . ( smile ) I vote we make it the most kick - ass ( ham it up ) ' summer of we young life 's . SAM ( happily ) yeah , baby ! charlie ( sing loudly ) school 's out for summer ! Sam laugh , and join in raucously : charlie and SAM school 's out forever ! the boy barely aware of the blast of the yacht club canon as the sun go down as they continue to throw and sing ... ext . the harbor - afternoon a glorious summer 's day . Wednesday sailboat race be in full swing . the water 's dot with about ten small sailboat , each with a two man crew , zipping around the triangular course , mark by buoy . Charlie and Sam be drag they weathered - look sailboat down the beach to the water . identical to all the other boat in dimension and form , the boy 's boat look like it 's be fitte with salvage part . the sail be patch , the line fray . on the water ... two guy be sailing by in they pristine boat . one guy , connor call out : connor hey , loser ... if it do not sink , we be gonna kick you butt ... SAM bullshit , connor . you be the one who 's go down ... connor just laugh and sail off . connor bring a bucket ! Sam turn to Charlie . SAM Nice boat ... can we beat they ? Charlie just smile . ext . on the water - day charlie and SAM 's sailboat the brother be competent sailor and work great together as a team . both boy be exhilated as they whip through the wind . Charlie , at the helm , shout to Sam : charlie ready to come about ? Sam rush into position , shouting : SAM ready ! and Sam remove the winch handle , place it in winch pocket . Charlie push the tiller , start the turn . he shout : charlie helm to Lee ! Sam do what he 's tell , then ... SAM ( shouting ) here come connor ... connor boat be on the port side , come up fast . Charlie love the competition , he 's have the time of he life . he skillfully manage to stay ahead of connor and even steal he wind as the boat cover the distance to the next buoy , but connor be also skilled , and he begin to gain ground . charlie ( to Sam ) take the tiller ! Sam be thrilled and terrify at the same time . he scramble into position in the cockpit and grab the tiller arm . Charlie hurry to the windward gunwale , grab a knotted rope and hike out , counterbalance the pressure of the wind . the mast straighten up , the sail catch more wind and the boy 's boat begin to pull away . SAM yaaaaahoooo ! connor attempt to mimic Charlie 's strategy , but have to buckle himself into a harness and lose precious second . the boat approach the last buoy . Charlie pull himself inboard . charlie here 's where we win it , Sam ... you know what to do ? SAM ready . Charlie 's watch connor 's boat from the corner of he eye . Sam steer close to the buoy . as it pass abeam .. charlie okay , Sam , do it ! Sam throw the tiller over , the boom swing , Charlie duck it and come up on the other side as the boat angle smoothly around the buoy . the sail fill with new air and the boat take off , plane across the water . Sam can barely contain he enthusiasm . SAM we be haul ass . whoo-hooooo ! ( he call out ) oh , con-nor ... toodle ! connor scowl as he fumble with he foule sheet . Charlie and Sam pull away ... SAM ( offer the tiller ) here you go , Charlie . charlie you be doin’ great . take she across the line . Sam beam at Charlie , who mock -salute he little brother . SAM hey , I just win five buck ! ( Charlie look at he ) I bet connor five buck that we have - charlie you do not have five buck . SAM ( smile ) I do now . Sam and Charlie laugh they head off . they cross the finish line and circle they little boat into the hold area . a shadow fall over they . the boy look up ... SAM whoa . cruise past the dock on the way to its anchorage be the most beautiful and fastest look sailboat the boy have ever see . charlie no shit . its line be pure artistry , the proportion perfect , the hardware and teak decking gleam in the sun . a handsome young couple smile from the open cockpit , the girl wave at Sam and Charlie as the craft motor toward the open ocean . the boy can only watch it slide past , they mouth hang open in awe and respect . charlie that 's it . that 's we boat . SAM it be ? charlie yeah ... the one you and I be gonna sail around the world . SAM you know how much a boat like that cost ? charlie we be not gonna buy it , Einstein . we be gonna build it . you and I . Sam look at Charlie with something like hero -worship . then , excitedly : SAM we can do it , Charlie . it ’1ll be awesome , beyond awesome ... I say we get start tonight . we can - 10 . charlie uh-uh ... no good . not tonight . SAM why not ? Charlie pause for dramatic effect . he lower he eye . he 's about to deliver some very bad news . SAM what be it , Charlie ? charlie Pirates . SAM ( baffle ) we can not start on the boat tonight because of Pirates ? charlie ( creep smile ) the Pittsburgh Pirates . they be play the Sox tonight and we have get ticket ... and connor just buy we a hot dog . Sam 's face go from stunne disbelief to a ear- to - ear grin . SAM what ?! how ?! charlie ( laugh ) coach have a couple to spare . be you gonna sit there all day or help I get this thing on the beach ? wide shot of the harbor - all we hear be Sam 's whoop of delight echoing across the water . int . ST . cloud house - evening Charlie 's on the phone . Sam 's hover anxiously . charlie ( into phone ) it 's okay , do not sweat it ... yep . bye , mom. ( hang up , then to Sam ) she 's stick at work ... 11 . SAM maybe we can ride we bike over . we can - Charlie have to laugh at he earnest little bro ... charlie we would get there at midnight , dope ! SAM it be not fair ... we be screw ... Sam plop onto the sofa . Charlie have a idea . charlie not necessarily ... he 's charge out the front door . Sam jump up and follow . ext house next door - day Charlie 's look at the beat - up old buick in the driveway . charlie Mrs. pung 's in Montana visit she daughter till Tuesday . SAM we do not have the key ... charlie she keep one in the ashtray . ( Sam look at he ) I drive she to the market sometimes ... SAM I do not know ... charlie we be just borrow it . SAM if you borrow something and do not tell anybody , it 's - charlie ( sigh ) it 's steal ... yeah , okay ... I know ... you be right ... CUT to : 12. the buick peeling out leave ten yard of rubber as it head out of dodge . inside the car Charlie and Sam be smile big-time ... but then ... the engine sputter and the car stall out . charlie shit ... SAM what 's wrong with it ? Charlie 's turn the key , try to get it to start . charlie Mrs. pung put 20 mile a month on this thing ... the gas in this car be older than you ... vrroom ! the engine start . the boy smile , Charlie stomp on the pedal and they be off again . ext . fenway park - night the seethe , riotous , floodlit wonderland of a ballpark at night ... the scoreboard tell the story the Red Sox be down a run here in the bottom of the ninth . charlie and SAM in the bleacher . Wild with excitement . watch this too - close - for-comfort game , chant with the rest of the crowd . charlie and SAM sox ! sox ! sox ! on the field the pitcher throw . and the batter swing for the fence and miss . the crowd react . SAM he 's gonna hit one out , Charlie ... I can feel it ... behind Sam and Charlie , a big fan mutter : 13 . big fan he 's go down on strike ... pitcher own he ... Sam 's about to turn around and challenge the guy ... but Charlie stop he . the crowd be quiet now . the pitcher throw . the batter swing from he heel . and he connect . the crowd be on it 's foot . the cheer be deafen , and nobody 's shouting harder than Charlie and Sam . the ball be soar , up , up ... it 's go to go out - a game win homer - and it 's head straight toward Charlie and Sam ... charlie ( excited ) it 's yours , Sam . Sam 's stand up , he 's watch the ball , he 's get he glove ready . the big guy behind he stand up and shout : big guy mine ! here come the ball , the big guy 's lean over , ready to snag it . but ... Charlie suddenly grab Sam under the arm , hoist he up , up into the air . Sam hold out he glove ... and he make the catch . the big guy stew but the crowd go bonker applaud the beam Sam , still be hold aloft by he brother . pat and high - fives all around ... the happiest night of Sam St. cloud 's life ... int . / ext . the buick - night cruise down a empty dark highway . a big , full , shiny moon and a sky full of star . Charlie drive . Sam , hype , brandish a sign baseball , SAM I can not believe he actually sign it ! ( more ) 14 . SAM ( cont would ) ( then ) the Sox be go all the way this year , Charlie . I be not wrong about this . charlie all-time Red Sox great ... SAM teddy ballgame . charlie yaz . SAM Wade bogg . charlie Bill buckner . SAM ( laugh out loud ) what !!! Charlie smile , he know he have get a rise out of Sam . charlie so he blow the World Series ... it 's not like he kill somebody ... SAM okay , well , he can be on you all - time great team ... Charlie ease the car to a stop at a t-intersection . the night be black , the only sound , the lazy chug of the V - 8 . SAM wow ... look at that moon ... seem like the bright full moon 's hang right over they . SAM ( cont 'd ) it 's closer tonight . charlie it just seem that way sometimes ... SAM no , it really be . and look ... there 's a halo around it ... like a angel 's . 15 . charlie that 's a refraction of the ice crystal in the upper atmosphere . SAM gee , Mr. Dartmouth ... I think it be a refraction of the ice crystal on you butt . Sam snicker at he own joke . Charlie press the gas pedal . the old buick slide out onto the main highway ... and stall out again . SAM not again ... charlie relax ... Charlie start turn the ignition key , he do not yet see what Sam do ... from the right , a red suv swerving down the highway . Sam be more surprised than frighten . SAM Charlie ..! and now Charlie see it too . the screech of brake , fast track into SAM 's face - a blinding flash ... and then ... blackness ... until ... ext . road - night slow fade up on a scene of carnage . Glass glitter like crystal on the blacktop . the crumpled buick lie on its roof . the suv be slew across the roadway . its headlight leer monstrously out of the dark . track : from behind - a man run toward the wagon . no sound but he breathe ; and the crunch of boot on glass . close on : the run man . it be fireman and paramedic florio ferrente . we read the gravity of the situation in he face . 16 . now at the upturn buick , florio kneel to the driver 's window and peer inside . ext . a dark place - night Sam and Charlie sit shiver on the ground . they be outdoors . it be dark . SAM Mom 's gonna kill we . charlie I be the one who steal the car , remember ? this be all on I . they be both cut and bruise . SAM man , I hurt all over . charlie I remember now ... that truck ... it come out of nowhere ... SAM can we go home now , Charlie ? I just want to ... a light approach through the darkness . SAM ( scared ) what 's that ? Charlie : push away the fear . charlie they be look for we . SAM who ? charlie ( worried ) I do not know ... the light be grow rapidly brighter . SAM hey Charlie ... close on : Charlie grip Sam 's hand . 17 . charlie do not worry , I be here ... the light be now intense . SAM do not leave I , ok ? just , whatever you do , do not leave I ...! charlie ( strong ) I will not ... the light be blind . SAM ( terrify ) do not leave ...! charlie I will not ...! Sam , a horrify scream : SAM charlie ! suddenly ! bang ! int . speed ambulance - night close on : defibrillator paddle as they shock Charlie 's chest . pan to : Charlie 's lifeless face . the world sway with the speed , siren wail motion of the ambulance . CUT to : florio peer anxiously down at Charlie . close on : Charlie . a beat . then ... he eye slowly open . close on : florio . kiss a medallion that hang from he neck , he murmur intensely . florio thank you Lord ... Charlie stare at a place far , far away . 18. weaver , another paramedic , switch off flashlight . weaver he 's back . he 's stabilize . ( pound florio 's back ) you do it . florio ( cont would ) ( a gentle smile ) welcome back . Charlie , disorient , murmur . charlie where ? where be I ? where 's Sam ? ferrente it 's gonna be ok ... then florio quickly turn away , out of Charlie 's field of vision . charlie my brother ! where 's my brother ? weaver take it easy , Charlie ... you be gonna be okay , now ... Charlie see the grave look on the paramedics 's face . turn , he see Sam lie motionless on the stretcher next to he , florio frantically try to revive he . Sam 's lifeless eye seem to stare right through Charlie . charlie Sam ...! weaver ( urgently ) Son , you gotta lie still ...! charlie Sam ! weaver ( desperately try to calm he ) you have to be still ...! weaver inject Charlie with a hypodermic . charlie Sam , Sam ... 19 . overwhelm by the narcotic , Charlie crumple back to he stretcher . he look up at ferrente with plead eye . charlie ( cont would ) I can not leave he , I can not ... as ferrente turn to attend to Sam , Charlie reach out to he brother . charlie ( cont would ) ( whisper ) Sam ... close on : Charlie clutches Sam 's still hand . ext . waterside cemetery - late afternoon Sam 's well attend funeral be wind down . the bang - up Charlie , positively numb from the pain and grief sit in the front row with he mother , Louise , who sob uncontrollably . Charlie 's hold onto Sam 's baseball glove , it 's get a ball in the pocket . the reverend finish he eulogy as Sam 's small coffin be slowly lower into its grave . reverend Lord , we commend this body to you ... Charlie rise from he seat and limp over to the grave . he stand above the grave , prepare to drop Sam 's glove onto the coffin below . Charlie try but he just can not let go of that glove . his whole body shudder . Charlie run blindly toward the wood . louise Charlie ... ext . wood - sunset Charlie run out of the tend part of the cemetery into the wood . he run until he burst through the wood into a clear . he stop , wind ... then ... he look up to the sky . charlie ( anguish cry ) why do you leave I ? and Charlie take the baseball from the glove and hurl it at the sky with all of he might . then , overcome ... he drop onto the grass , try to block out the pain ... 20 . and then ... the baseball slowly roll into he field of vision . Charlie 's astound ... he raise he head ... what he see cannot possibly be real ... but he see it . stand before he , in the glow of sunset , be Sam . SAM hey , Charlie ... Charlie 's mind be reeling ... slowly he stand . charlie Sam ..? Sam walk slowly toward he . Charlie be unable to move . Sam look right at he , and say : SAM boo ! Charlie nearly jump out of he shoe . he stumble backward and fall . Sam shake he head ... SAM you be so lame ... he offer Charlie he hand . Charlie hesitates , then take it . Sam , at first transparent , seem to solidify , take on substance . Sam effortlessly pull Charlie to he foot . charlie ( near tear ) you be really here ... before Sam can get another word out , Charlie pull he into he arm and hug he with all he might . charlie I miss you , Sam ... i... ( hold he ) and look at you ... you be all better ... SAM ( sadly ) yeah , be dead 's do wonder for I ... charlie then ... you be ... 21 . SAM ( desolate ) yeah , Charlie ... voice ( 0.s. ) Charlie ! charlie mom ! Charlie run from the wood and reappear a moment later , drag Louise into the clear . charlie you be not gonna believe it , Mom ... it 's ... it 's a miracle ! Louise look around the clear , then at Charlie . louise ( distraught ) let 's go back now , sweetheart ... everybody 's wait for you . charlie but — louise please , Charlie . and Charlie understand that he mother can not see Sam . charlie ( gently ) it 's okay , mom . I be ...okay now ... I just want to be by myself for a while . louise do not be too long ... and Louise leave . Charlie turn back to Sam , who seem about to cry . SAM what 's gonna happen to I , Charlie ? we be never gonna sail around the world together ... or see another Red Sox game ... charlie Sam ... 22 . SAM I do not even know where I be suppose to go ... charlie ( fervent ) then stay right here . SAM here . .? charlie we will meet up every day . Sam dare to smile . SAM yeah . .? the sun be set . they hear the blast from the yacht club cannon . Charlie get a idea . charlie you hear that ? i’1l meet you right here . everyday at sunset . SAM ( grateful ) everyday ? you promise ? charlie ( absolute conviction ) I will not leave you alone , Sam . I promise ... dissolve into : ext . waterside cemetery - morning Close on a gravestone : SAMUEL ST . cloud June 15 , 1983 - June 9 , 1995 a cone of high - pressure water blast leave and bird dropping from the stone . wide to reveal Charlie wield the power washer . Charlie 's push thirty now . he 's still boyishly handsome but in he eye you can tell that he 's no longer young . he wear a uniform of some sort - a pale blue shirt , press khakis and work boot . 23 . in the b.g. we see cemetery worker do various chore , wash monument , clear away branch , trimming hedge , etc . Charlie nod with satisfaction as he chore near completion , Sam 's gravestone be sparkling ... then ... he hear something ... he look up to see a flock of noisy geese pass overhear . Charlie watch they . then he glance back at he brother 's grave and smile mysteriously . he finish off the work , gather up the equipment and start away . then he notice somebody ... angle - mrs . phipp a elderly woman kneel beside a monument , which sit atop a fresh mound of dirt . she be lose in think . Charlie approach she gently . charlie Mrs. phipp ...? she look up , startle . the old woman be frail and want ... nearly transparent ... charlie ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) it 's I . Charlie St. cloud . tenth grade English , remember ? she look he over . then ... mrs . phipp shame on you , Mr. St. cloud ... it be I . charlie oh , right ... ( smile ) I stand correct . she smile faintly . then return to gaze at the gravestone . charlie I just want to offer my sympathy . she look up at Charlie , fill with sorrow . mrs . phipp it be just so sudden . so unexpected . I never even have time to say goodbye . 24 . charlie I be sorry ... mrs . phipp I suppose there 's never enough time , be there ? Charlie shake he head , smile sadly . then Mrs. phipp stand up , she 's frighten and unsteady . mrs . phipp what 's go to happen to I now ? what will I do ? charlie ( comforting ) it 's go to be all right . trust I , I know ... and she smile . Charlie have reassure she . and now we see the gravestone that Charlie and Mrs. phipp be look at . the inscription read : amanda phipp belove wife , mother , grandmother and teacher . 1924 - 2007 angle - joe , trimming the hedge Joe 's a African american dude , who work for Charlie . Joe see Charlie but not Mrs. phipp . look to he like Charlie 's talk to himself . again ... charlie and mrs . phipp something wonderful occur to Mrs. phipp , and she nod toward the gravestone right beside she own . mrs . phipp walter ... my sweet walter ... I wonder if he ..? charlie ( smile ) sure , he 's wait . good thing you be wear that pretty blue dress . Mrs. phipp smile , no longer afraid . 25 . mrs . phipp I guess there 's really no point in linger , be there ? with a final smile for Charlie she walk toward the forest with slow but purposeful step ... Charlie wave goodbye . and then she be go . Charlie turn around to see Joe stand there ... joe know how a man in the desert , who 's go without food and water ... how he start imagine shit ..? Charlie , know what 's come . he start walk down the hill with Joe on he heel . joe ( cont 'd ) well , you have go too long without booty , bro . that 's why you be talk to yourself ... Charlie want to change the subject . charlie how about run into town for I , pick up that sprinkler head . joe tell you what ... right after work , I ’‘1l go into town with you . we 'il pick up the sprinkler head and grab a beer over at maddie 's . Charlie just look at he . then ... charlie let 's see how it go . Joe shake he head , frustrated . joe there it be again ... '' '' let 's see how it go . . '' Charlie start walk away . Joe talk after he .. joe same shit , different day ... 26 . ext . cemetery ground - evening the day 's work be through . Joe and the crew be say they goodby , about to get into they various vehicle . but Joe 's linger , wait around . a worker say to he : worker ( smirk ) he be not gonna show . he like it here ... the other worker smirk and chuckle in agreement . Joe give it up and get into he car . angle - charlie on a hill , watching shadows arc across the hill dot with ancient grave . Charlie watch until the last crew guy have go . ext . cemetery front gate - evening Charlie close the creaky cemetery gate . he lock they with a huge skeleton key . he turn to face the now desert cemetery . he take in its solitude and ... he smile . he check he watch . it 's 7:10 . he hurry toward - ext . caretaker 's cottage —- evening a small place with a sign out front that say , private . caretaker 's cottage . Beyond the cottage , on the water , we can see the hull of a old , neglect sailboat - the one Charlie and Sam sail long ago ... int . cottage live room - evening the place be simply furnish , there be load of book on every subject , and up on the wall ... a jumble of map and weather chart ... also picture and sketches of sailboat , sailboat and more sailboat ... Charlie 's change into jeans and a sweatshirt . he 's throw thing into a bag - a toy of some sort and a baseball glove . he start for the door but before head out , he stop to check out one of the weather chart stick on the wall . he 's focus on the daily sunset time as he track down with he finger . there it be . Thursday the 28th . sunset , 7:26 p.m. Charlie look at he watch and start for the door . 27 . ext . the cottage - cont bag in hand , Charlie take off run towards the wood , weaving between the headstone . ext . the glade in the wood - evening Charlie race into the dark , desert glade . he stop and smile at the sight before he ... charlie think you might be here ... he see ... the gaggle of geese frolick on the lake that run through the wood . Charlie reach into the bag and remove a toy remote control boat . he 's only barely aware of the sound of the yacht club cannon that 's fire off at sunset . then - voice ( 0.s. ) ( excited ) you bring it ! and there stand - SAM ST . cloud Sam be unchange after all this year . he 's still only twelve - year - old - same hair , same freckle , same Red Sox cap ... same everything . Charlie light up at the sight of he , just as he have every evening for the past thirteen year . charlie what do you say , chucklehead ..? same scene - short time later the geese be frolick on the pond ... charlie ( 0.s. ) geese at two o'clock . request permission to attack . SAM ( 0.s. ) permission grant ... now we see Charlie and Sam , sit on the edge of the lake . Charlie 's get a remote control in he lap . they smile at each other as Charlie jam the joystick ... 28 . on the lake , the remote control boat begin make its way slowly , stealthily toward the unwitting geese . Charlie and Sam watch the boat ... Sam laugh . SAM do they really take a crap on parson Reilly 's head ? charlie ( laugh ) oh yeah . it be like he have a bull - — eye paint on it . SAM ( crack up ) Gross . charlie ( watch the geese ) ssshh ... SAM one hundred foot and close ... charlie I see Mrs. phipp today ... she be still hang around she grave ... SAM do she really die get she tooth clean ? charlie yep . SAM ( laugh ) it be only a matter of time before Dr. Vogel kill someone with he stinky breath ... charlie she be old . she have a heart attack ... SAM ( laugh ) a likely story . Vogel 's breath have actually stop charge rhino . ( watch boat ) fifty foot and close . 29 . charlie anyway ... she do not hang around . I guess she miss she husband . SAM ( laugh ) Old man phipp ? the guy with no big toe ? charlie ( laugh ) Sam — SAM remember how that stub be always stick out of he sandal ? how gross be that ... charlie well ... wherever he be now ... I be sure he 's get all he toe . SAM ( excited ) - 08 knot . target acquire ... the boat have reach geese vicinity . the bird regard it with mild curiosity ... then ... SAM Fire ! Charlie press some button on the remote control box . on the boat - the horn blare and light flash . the geese be totally freak . they take off , fly for they life . Charlie and Sam be laugh heartily . High five each other ... charlie Mission accomplish ! SAM adios amigo . one big goose - obviously a piss off alpha male , be head back toward Charlie and Sam , honk at they . SAM uh-oh ... 30 . charlie he be not happy , Sam . that 's not a happy honk . now the goose come swoop toward they . Charlie and Sam laugh . SAM let 's get out of here ... and they race off laugh all the way . later - in the glade it 's twilight now , the star be come out . Charlie and Sam be stripped down to short . Charlie 's stand up on a the homemade swing that 's right over the lake . Sam 's stand there laugh . SAM look out , he 's actually stand up . do not try this at home kid ... charlie yee-ha ! and he leap off the swing and go into the lake . when he emerge , Sam laugh . SAM wow ... and the judge be go insane ... Charlie St. cloud 's score be a whopping ... minus 10 ! Charlie laugh from the water . charlie let 's see you do better , wiseass . SAM come right up ... Sam 's on the swing now , swinging and swinging ... higher than be humanly possible . SAM here come Sam St. cloud 's world famous , supersonic , quadruple fly summersault ... Charlie just watch from the water as Sam go fly off the swing . 31 . Sam seem suspend in air before do a supernatural flip , spin about five time in the air . Charlie just watch fill with awe and wonder and joy ... ext . the glade later Charlie and Sam stand in a dim circle of light in the center of the clear . they throw the ball back and forth . charlie ( grim ) I gotta go into town tomorrow . pick up some stuff ... I can already hear Mr. cavannaugh ... '' well , if it be not ' the phantom of waterside Cemetery . ' '' SAM Dick ... charlie and I always manage to run into fraffie chapman lead one of she tour group ... SAM ( laugh ) the head of the hysterical society ? charlie ( mock female voice ) '' waterside Cemetery be a historical landmark , Mr. St. cloud , and overgrown hedge will not be tolerate ... '' SAM ( laugh ) blow it out you butt , fraffie ... charlie ( smile sadly ) I wish I could just stay here , Sam . all the time . just hang out with you ... SAM ( smile ) yeah , I know ... ( then ) I could go with you ... 32 . charlie ( smile , shake he head ) you always end up make I laugh . they all think I be weird enough already ... Sam smile , then ... SAM it 's get dark . charlie go out for a long one . SAM give it all you get , okay ? Sam start run out . Charlie rear back throw a high fly , arcing fly ball . charlie ( like a announcer ) it 's a long hard drive . it could be outta here ... Sam St. cloud be on he horse ... Sam 's racing back , the ball 's head over he head . charlie he 's at the wall now , but that ball be go ... go ... Sam leap impossibly high into the air . he snag the ball with a one hand catch . and then ... he smile at Charlie and disappear ... charlie night , Sam ... Charlie smile and wave . int . charlie 's cottage - night Charlie be curl in a armchair with a sailing magazine . close on magazine photo : a color photograph of a beautiful , serious - look young woman , stand on a dry dock beside a magnificent sailboat suspend from a cradle . the headline read : '' tess Carroll 's radical New Design '' . 33 . Charlie stand and walk to the table which be litter with the remnant of a meal for one and hand - draw , sailboat design sketches . he compare he design with the boat in the magazine . the sudden , discordant , ringing of the telephone , break he concentration . the machine kick in . the outgo message be generic . machine message please leave a message . beep ! louise ( v.o. ) hi , Charlie , it 's mom . I be just call to ... see how you be . Charlie just look at the phone . he can hear the pain in he mother 's voice . he know he should pick it up ... louise ( v.o. ) its be so long since we have see each other and Portland 's so nice this time of year ... I be hope you might come up . Charlie close he eye and rub he hand across he face . louise ( v.o. ) anyway ... call I soon . please , Charlie . I love you . bye . the line go dead . a long moment . then slowly he eye drift down to the magazine on the table ... the picture of tess Carroll and that incredible boat ... Charlie sigh deeply and off the boat 's picture we ... dissolve into : a sparkling white mainsail be be hoist up the mast of tess Carroll 's magnificent '' querencia . '' it 's emblazon with the word : carroll sail . ext . marblehead dock —- morning as the mainsail go up , the small gather applaud . tess carroll , prettier than she magazine picture be emotional as she watch . her mother , grace , who 's get a yellow lab call bobo on a leash , and tink weatherbee , a big bull of a man , stand at she side . 34 . tink the girl work day and night on she . best we ever build ... we see now that the boat be dock in front of carroll sail , a shop on the wharf . now tess address the sail shop staff . tess I do not know if I be gonna win this race or not but I can tell you this for sure ... that mainsail ... it 's go to be see by sailor on five continent ... and it be glorious . thank you . you do my father proud ... the staff applaud tess , wish she luck , etc . her emotional mom say : grace you father would be proud ... and damned jealous too ... tess smile . her mother kiss she . grace have you see you aunt Abby yet ? tess no , mom but - grace she have not get long , so you get you tail over there . tess I promise I 'il see she before I take off . and as Grace go off with the dog , a woman approach tess with she ten -year-old daughter . woman Excuse I , miss Carroll ? could she have you autograph ? the smile girl hand tess a autograph book to sign . tess I no be honore . girl my name be Katie . 35 . woman you be such a great role model for a girl she age ... tess hand the autograph book back to Katie . tess I will probably get pretty lonely out there , Katie ... maybe you have like to email I . the girl look at tess with pity ... katie you do not have a boyfriend , do you ? the girl 's mom smile , embarrassed . tess chuckle . tink approach .. tink tess , that reporter be here ... we see a t.v. crew walk toward the boat . tess make a face . tink it 's good for business ... tess okay , but you be buy I a beer ... int . marblehead general store - day this place sell everything from stationary to floor wax . as Charlie walk in , margie , the cashier , light up at the sight of he . she 's pretty , Charlie 's age . margie well , look who it be ... what 's shaking , stranger ? Charlie 's self - conscious , uncomfortable . he cast he eye downward . charlie hey , margie ... margie come on , let 's see ‘em ... she lift he chin , force he to make eye-contact . laugh and sigh . margie Blue as they ever be . ( then she call out ) pop , Charlie St. cloud 's here . ( then ) so how be you , Charlie ? how have you be ? Charlie smile nervously . charlie everything 's great . 36 . margie margie just look at he like ... '' yeah , right . . '' Charlie avoid she eye . glance over at the bank of t.v. 's that be play on the wall . he 's surprised to see who it be ... charlie tess Carroll ... on the tv 's - a interviewer with tess carroll tess stand on the dock before she beautiful 38 foot boat - be interview . interviewer ( on t.v. ) fewer people have sail solo around the world than have climb mt. everest , and of that who have ... only eight have be woman . tess ( on t.v. ) I guess I ’1ll have to make it nine ... margie 's father , frank walk over carry a box . frank ( half smile ) well , if it be not the phantom of waterside Cemetery . margie dad ... charlie ( uncomfortable ) Mr. cavannaugh ... 37 . frank this head come in three day ago . I leave you a message ... margie start ringing Charlie up . tess ( on t.v . ) I come from a long line of sailor , and I be sailing this race for all of they . frank her dad own the sail shop ... great guy . Charlie 's still watch the t.v preoccupy . charlie Jim Carroll ... frank you know he ? charlie I bury he . margie and she father exchange look . ext . charlie 's pickup truck - day Charlie toss the box inside . he 's about to get in and drive off ... but instead ... he drift to the corner and look down toward the dock . there he see ... tess 's boat - the querencia people be still milling around as tess 's interview wrap up . Charlie stand there transfix by its sheer beauty . then , round the corner he see : a tour group led by marblehead historic Commission President , fraffie chapman . fraffie 's a no -nonsense gal with white , poofy hair . fraffie George Washington visit marblehead not once , but twice and , see that house over there ? well ... she 's see he . Charlie try to hide behind a mini-van . 38 . fraffie I see you , St. cloud ... Charlie start walk fast ... charlie I be in a hurry , fraffie ... sorry ... fraffie 's come after he . fraffie come back here , St. cloud ... Charlie slip around the corner and duck into the nearest doorway . it 's maddie 's bar . int . maddie 's - cont . Charlie just hover , peer through the window . at the bar a couple of guy around charlie 's age , mike and jack , spot he hover near the window . they exchange mischievous smile . through the window , Charlie see fraffie chapman as she give up the chase and return to she tour group . he 's about to slip out when Mike and Jack approach , smile . mike how 's it go there , Charlie ? jack Long time , no see . Charlie 's nervous . he dislike run into people he know . charlie hey ... jack ( to the bartender ) you see this man here ? best damned shortstop marblehead High ever have . ( to Charlie ) how many double play we turn , Charlie ? a couple of hundred ? Charlie smile but he just want to go . Mike grab he arm . mike have a beer with we . 39 . charlie thanks but I can not . I - jack you owe I , Charlie . do not I fix you up with betsy Lane , the hot cheerleader in school ? charlie I fix you up with betsy Lane ... jack ( laugh ) you do ? Hell , then I guess it 's I who owe you . what be you have ? have a beer with some friend be something Charlie have not do in quite a long time ... he check he watch , decide he 's okay on time . he say to the bartender : charlie Sam Adams . Mike and Jack pat he back and he sit at the bar . int . maddie 's - later Charlie 's on he third beer with Mike and Jack , and everybody 's feel pretty good . mike ...- lot of people be marry three time ... jack ( laugh ) not to the same woman . Charlie smile , then check he watch . he panic . charlie shit ... jack what 's - charlie I have to go ... Charlie get up but Mike bar he way . 40 . mike not so fast , Charlie ... ( wink at Jack ) we think you need a little break from the cemetery ... charlie what be you - jack we be gonna sail out to the point . what do you say , Charlie ? want to - now Charlie 's really panic . the think of miss Sam , overwhelming ... charlie I can not . I - Charlie try to move past he , but Mike bar he way . mike back in the old day ... when a sailor do not want to shove off , he ’‘d get shanghy . Charlie try to get around he , Mike hold on to he . mike they have conk ‘em over the head .... jack or they have slip he a micky and - charlie ( struggle ) let go of I ... mike next thing he know he be waking up on a boat somewhere in the middle of the North Atlantic . and Charlie completely lose it . he break free of Mike and throw a punch that hit Jack square in the jaw . Jack go down . Charlie grab up the nearest beer bottle , smashes it on the table , wave it around and shout : charlie get out of my way ... the guy , the patron , the bartender ... they just stare at Charlie ... 4l . mike we be just mess with you , Charlie .... Charlie 's still in panic mode . he toss the bottle down , head for the door . stand there be tess and tink , who have come in just in time to witness this . they be just look at Charlie like he 's a madman ... Charlie , not even realize it 's tess Carroll , charge right past she , out of the door . tess who 's that . .? tink ( disgust ) the local color ... tess watch Charlie run off through the window , he 's familiar somehow ... ext . cemetery . edge of wood - twilight Charlie run across the field , and plunge into the wood . ext . the cemetery wood - late afternoon Charlie bitterly curse himself as he run . charlie idiot ! idiot ! ext . the glade - twilight Charlie burst into the clear . close on : he stop . Sam be not there . terrify , panic , he yell as he run into the center of the clear . charlie Sam ! Sam ! no answer . Charlie wheel around frantically , scan all direction - the lake , the swing , the tree ... no sign of he . Charlie can feel the dread rise up in he ... he try again , desperate ... charlie come on out , Sam , I be not in the mood for game ... ( soft like a prayer ) please , Sam ... please ... 42 . and then ... voice ( 0.s. ) Jesus , Charlie ... Charlie spin around . it 's Sam . he 's smile . SAM do not have a cow ... Charlie 's heart be still racing , he chest heaving . he 's angry and relieved at the same time . charlie where be you ? SAM I be right - charlie I have never be late before ... not once in thirteen year . and then ... in the distance , the sunset canon boom . Charlie be surprised . Sam laugh . SAM you be not late . you be right on time . Charlie realize Sam 's right . he 's flood with relief . charlie I just ... I get hold up in town and - SAM ( excited ) whoa ! you get hold up ??? no way ??? charlie ( have to smile ) not like that ... SAM ( disappointed ) oh ... Charlie 's blood pressure have finally return to normal . he pull the crumpled up sailing magazine out of he jacket pocket . charlie I want to show you something ... 43 . ext . the glade - later Charlie and Sam lie side by side on the grass , poring over the sailing magazine with the tess article . charlie look , the keel 's insane ...! ( building enthusiasm ) it cant , right , but ... I wonder how she have do with fluke ... SAM whoa , cool ! like on a whale ..? charlie I wish I have get a closer look ... Sam leer at the picture of tess in the magazine . SAM yeah , I too ... tess Carroll 's a babe . charlie that so ..? Sam read from the magazine . SAM ( cont no ) tess Carroll say : '' my man , Sam St cloud be a stud and a half . he 's get the move that drive I - '' Charlie , laugh , try to grab the magazine . SAM ( fight he off ) no , no ! ok , seriously . ( read again ) she say : '' we develop the boat specifically for the around the World challenge , which start next week out of Boston Harbor ... trail off , Sam look to Charlie . he say wistfully ... SAM ( cont no ) so she 's gonna sail around the world , huh ? remember when ..? charlie yeah ... 44 , a slight moment of awkwardness . Sam dispel it with a laugh . SAM yeah , right ... a girl ! no way ... Charlie smile and shake he head . charlie get you glove ... Charlie grab he and soon they be throw . int . charlie 's bedroom - night the bedside clock say that it 's 12 a.m. Charlie 's just lie there , stare at the ceiling . finally , he get out of bed and start throw on he clothes . ext . marblehead STREET - night a light be still on in the sail shop . Charlie make he way toward the harbor ... where querencia be dock . Charlie 's heart beat faster as he approach the boat . he gaze up at the aerodynamic line of the big , beautiful boat . the word just come out of he ... charlie wow ... he reach out , and lovingly trail he hand along the keel 's sleek surface , walk the length of the boat . not really look where he 's walk , he suddenly find himself face to face with tess . tess ( angry , scared ) what be you do here ? what do you want ? charlie ( flustered ) I be ... I just ... want to see you boat . up close , I mean ... tess now you have see it ... charlie I be sorry if I scared you . 45 . tess you do not scare I . charlie good ... Charlie reach into he pocket , she jump . tess hey ! the flustered Charlie produce the crumpled article from the shipping mag . charlie I just ... I really admire you boat design and ... I promise you I be harmless . tess ( glaring ) that so ? because I be at maddie 's today and - charlie ( embarrassed ) I can explain that . well ... actually , I can not , but ... ( hold out he hand ) look ... my name be - tess ( not take he hand ) Charlie St. cloud . Charlie just look at she , stunne . tess I be two year behind you in high school . charlie wow ... you go to - tess well , it be great catch up but I have like you to go now , please ... charlie but — tess I mean it . 46 . Charlie give up . he start to leave . but he just can not . he turn around . charlie fluke . tess what . .? charlie on the keel . for windward lift . tess fluke ... charlie like on a whale flipper . Charlie make a wave motion with he hand . tess be just look at he . charlie good luck with the race ... and he hurry off . tess just watch he , then tink appear on deck , he 's get a printout of some sort . he do not see Charlie . tink see here ..? there 's a front move in from Maine ... tess I ’‘1l go around it ... tink maybe this test run can wait till - tess tell I something , tink ... what would you think about fluke ? tink just look at she . ext . marblehead foreshore - night close on : Charlie gaze longingly out to sea . he sit in a small foreshore park , watch tess 's navigation light head out of the harbor . dissolve to : 47. ext . querencia —- day the sun be come up on the horizon ... the boat be sailing smoothly through relatively calm see . int . cockpit - day tess be on the radio with tink . tess ( into radio ) I be just a little bit East of the buzzard Bay light . inter CUT - tink 's office tink ( into radio ) good girl . stay on that course and you should clear the weather .. tess ( into radio ) ( smile ) check in with I later . and she hang up the headset and head up to - ext . MAIN deck - cont . tess take the helm , gaze back toward the distant coastline , then , smile wickedly , she eye lovingly caress the sleek line of she yacht ... tess okay , kiddo , here 's the deal ... if we can not make it through a little low pressure system , how be we ever gonna make it all the way around the world ..? and then ... pull down hard on the wheel , tess begin to tack the boat . tess what do you say ? you up for it ..? close on : the cockpit compass . as querencia turn , the compass spin from south - to north . she ease the main sheet to a broad reach and fill the headsail with wind . the boat immediately gain speed . squaring she face to the rise wind , she smile . 48 . tess ( cont would ) let 's have some fun ... and tess head off , straight into the storm ... ext . the glade - sunset Sam and Charlie be have a catch . SAM it 's weird to think of mom live up in Portland ... with a husband and some step kid ... charlie she 's get a whole new life ... SAM I wonder if she ever even think about I ... charlie of course , she do ... SAM but why live in a place where it rain all the time and they do not even have a major league baseball team . .? then Sam see something out on the water . SAM ( cont 'd ) whoa ! cool ! do you see that ? lightn ... another flash . Charlie see it . charlie do I a favor , Sam , move away from that tree ... SAM ( laugh ) Charlie ... what could happen ? I be already dead . charlie I do not care ... it 's make I nervous ... and Sam get clear of the tree . 49 , charlie thank you ... ext . querencia / ocean - night we be in the atomic bomb blast of a gale force storm . splotches of phosphorous streak the sky in a stormy firework show . the wind shriek with savage fury . the sea be a mountainous , tumult of swell and foam . and tess be loving every minute of it ! clearly , she life for this . tess be dress in the protective second skin of she orange survival suit , steering from querencia 's large , open cockpit . she 's shot full of adrenaline fuel exhilaration , as she surf the boat down a massive wave . the boat , run before the storm , have a lot of sail up for such high wind . but tess be a elite sailor , and she be push it . as querencia hit the trough at the bottom of the wave , tess be drench in a deluge of freezing spray . shake the water out of she eye , tess climb the boat up the face of another massive wall of water . suddenly tink 's voice squawk out of the waterproof , cockpit speaker . tink ( over radio ) come in querencia this be team leader one ... , come in querencia this be team leader one ... swear under she breath , tess glance guiltily toward the speaker . as the boat crest another wave , the call come again . tink ( over radio ) ( cont would ) ( sing -song ) oh , te-ess ... where be you ? you be pissing I off ... tess smile . she know she must answer . 50 . close on : a button read auto - pilot . she punch it . it illuminate red . satisfied that the boat be hold its head , she push back the cabin hatch , slam it shut , and scoot below . int . cabin . querencia - night in the relative calm of the cabin , tink 's voice clamor from the radio . tink ( on radio ) come in querencia ... tess pluck up the radio handset . tess ( into radio ) hey big guy what 's up ? int . carroll sail - night tink be seat at a radio , in the makeshift command center . tink ( into radio ) you tell I . what 's happenin’ out there ? int . cabin . querencia - night tess ( into radio ) ahhh , nothing much ... as if reproaching she for she lie , the boat free fall off a wave . tess have to brace to stop be throw across the cabin . tess Holy shit ... tink 's voice what 's that ..? grimace at she own dishonesty , she try to sound casual . tess ( into radio ) I say , it 's so damned quiet out here ... I be fall asleep ... int . carroll sail - night tink smile , relieved . 51 . tink ( into radio ) what 's you position ? int . cabin . querencia - night tess quickly glance down at the chart on the table . close on : the chart . tess trace she finger over the course tink plotted . tess ( into radio ) ahhh , probably just southeast of the Eagle Island Channel . quit buggin I ; I be gonna get some shuteye . tink ( on radio ) that make two of we . over and out ... tess ( into radio ) bye , tink ... as tess replace the handset , she be stop by a sudden calmness . she pause , unsure at first what she be feel . the howl of the wind have also die . she look out the porthole and see why . her blood run cold . tess oh , my God ... a huge rogue wave , a churn mountain of wind - whipped seawater so gigantic it seem to loom in slow motion over the tiny craft . and as tess leap for the ladder up to the deck , the wave hit with unimaginable force , and tess be flung violently across the cabin . close on : tess 's temple strike a bulkhead with sicken force . ext . querencia / ocean - night the demonic shriek of wind through rigging be unbearable . querencia have be knock flat by the rogue wave . its sail , now broadside to the wind , lie flat in the water . the deck be at right angle . close on : the auto - pilot button . it beep and flash with calamitous warning . next to the auto - pilot button the keel button also flash a red warning signal . 52 . Water flood the cockpit . every break wave threaten to roll the boat . int . cabin . querencia - night close on : tess . she do not move . suddenly : tess 's eye flicker open . with superhuman effort , she drag herself onto one elbow . a moment of groggy indecision , then she grit she tooth , haul herself to she foot , and leap into action . follow : tess as she negotiate the crazy , horror-house angle of the companionway , and scramble into the cockpit . ext . querencia / ocean - night awash with wave , and alive with flail rigging , the cockpit be a lethal place to be . at any moment , tess could be flung into the raging ocean . hanging on for dear life , she reset the auto - pilot and keel button , then release the rope that hold the jib and mainsail in place . tess help I , dad ... help I please ... and just when it look like it could not get any worse ... the wind begin to die down a bit , the wave subside a little too ... there 's even a trace of sunlight appear through the cloud . and as tess get she ship righted , she sigh mightily with relief , then say : tess sorry , girl , let 's go home ... and tess turn the wheel ... dissolve into : ext . the cemetery - late afternoon Charlie 's make he round when he see something off in the distance . he start head toward ... tess at a grave site 53 . she seem to be sleep , she head rest on the cool marble of she father 's gravestone . Charlie be surprised to see she , and , give they recent encounter , he 's not quite sure what to do ... charlie miss Carroll ? tess ? tess 's eye snap open , she 's daze . charlie be you okay ? tess gaze around she , gradually become more present . tess yeah , I be okay ... I guess , I must have ... only now do Charlie 's face come into full focus for she . tess ( angry ) you ... charlie ( sheepish ) umm ...we meet again ... tess scramble up to she foot . tess beat it , now ! before I report you to whoever 's in charge of this place ... charlie that would be I . he tap the waterside Cemetery badge on he shirt . tess be surprised . tess well ... what do you know ..? charlie I do not want to bother you but ... tess be suddenly unsteady on she foot . Charlie have to hold she . charlie be you okay ? here , sit down ... 54 . Charlie help she to sit back down on the grass before she father 's stone . tess I hit some rough weather out by the shoal last night . I guess , it hit I back . charlie sure , you be okay ..? tess yeah ... I be fine ... thanks ... Charlie 's uncomfortable around this beautiful woman , even more so than usual ... charlie okay , then ... Charlie start to leave . then ... tess wait ... ( Charlie stop ) last night ... when you be sneaking around my boat ... what be that all about ? charlie ( embarrassed ) I tell you . I just want to get a better look at she ... tess be you still racing ? Charlie just look at she . she smile . tess you be the captain of the sailing team , be not you ? charlie yeah ... I sure be . ( then ) no ... I do not race . I do not even sail anymore . tess how come ? 55 . charlie ( hesitant ) I just ... do not have the time . tess smile as she look around the quiet cemetery tess guess they really keep you hopping around here , huh ? Charlie know she 's teasing he . he smile . charlie you have be surprised . tess just look at he , remember ... tess do not you get a scholarship to ..? charlie Dartmouth . yeah ... but I end up stick around here ... and now tess put it together . tess I remember now ... it be a drunk driver , be not it ? ( Charlie nod ) I cry when I hear . I cry all day ... Charlie glance at she father 's stone . charlie I guess , you two be pretty close , huh ? tess ( nod toward sea ) believe it or not ... it be my dad who pull I through out there ... charlie I like what you read that day ... ( she look at he ) ... at he service . it be - tess you be here ? 56 . charlie I be around for most of ‘em ... tess I be pretty out of it that day ... it 's from a poem by e.e. cumming call '' dive for dream . '' ( she recite ) '' trust you heart if the seas catch fire and live ... charlie '' live by love though the star walk backward . '' ( off she look ) I look it up . ( tess smile , Charlie laugh ) but I have get no idea what it mean . tess it 's about trust you heart and take chance in you life . that be my dad ... ( Charlie smile ) he die of a heart attack . too many lobster roll at Kelly 's . I be sure he have much rather have be lose at sea . charlie ( chuckle ) that 's exactly what he say ... tess look at he . Charlie recover . charlie I mean , I be guess he ’da say that ... tess just look at he , study he . tess do not take this personally , Charlie ... but you be a little bit ...odd ... charlie ( sad smile ) oh , I be way past odd ... ask ‘em in town . I be the phantom of waterside Cemetery . 57 . tess be study he , try to make sense of the puzzle that be Charlie . tess I bet you brother 's bury here , be not he ? charlie ( point off ) the white marble over there ... the really clean one . tess be that why you - she 's hit a nerve . Charlie get up . charlie I should get go ... tess stand up , sorry she ask . tess Charlie , wait , I - tess be once again unsteady on she foot . Charlie steady she . then he notice she head ... charlie you be hurt ... she touch she head . Charlie stand over she , take a look . charlie you have get a nasty gash there ... come on , I be right down the hill ... tess hesitates . charlie I think you be not afraid of I ... tess after you ... phantom ... Charlie smile and lead the way . int . charlie 's cottage - late afternoon they be in the live room . Charlie 's apply some antibiotic to tess 's head wound . 58 . she 's look at the dozen of sketches and picture of sailboat on Charlie 's wall . tess wow ... this be all yours ? charlie ( embarrassed ) it 's just a hobby ... one sketch in particular catch she eye . tess that 's the querencia ... tess point to a odd shape run the length of the keel . tess do not tell I ... with - charlie and tess fluke ... they both smile . then : tess you seem to have you heart set on redesign my boat ... charlie ( flustered ) no , not at all . I just - tess ( laugh ) I be kid , Charlie . actually , I be flatter that you ... tess notice the sunset table on the wall ... tess and what 's this ..? charlie ( squirming ) that 's just a project I have be work on . tess ( she 's get no idea ) interesting ... 59 . Charlie want to redirect she attention to he querencia sketch . charlie so what do you think ? pretty crazy , huh ? tess I do not know ... you might be on to something . charlie ( delighted ) you think so ? tess just look at Charlie , she 's try to make up she mind about he . then ... tess yes , I do . and I think ... that we should talk about it . tess be look right into he eye . the moment stretch . then Charlie glance at the sunset chart ... and he pull back from tess . charlie well ... maybe when you get back from sailing around the world ... even though he 's smile , Charlie have pull back and tess can feel it . tess sure ... ( then ) okay , well , thanks for fix my head . charlie my pleasure . it ...um ... look really good on you . tess Goodbye , Charlie ... and she 's go . Charlie 's leave alone in he cottage which be suddenly feel extremely ... empty . he glance over at the sketch of tess 's boat . strong emotion he can not keep down be churn ... 60 . ext . charlie 's cottage - moment later Charlie explode out of the cottage . he stop , look around , then he take off run through the cemetery . on charlie , run hard , sprinting up a hill . then he see - — tess walk along the path up ahead . Charlie smile and he 's about to run toward she when he hear ... the sunset cannon . Charlie freeze on the hill , conflict . he look up toward the sun sink down over the cemetery wood ... tess be walk down the path when she 's startle by the sudden appearance of the out - of - breath Charlie , who 's run down from the hill to intercept she . charlie tonight ... tess what ? charlie let talk tonight ; about you boat . I ' 11 cook you dinner . tess ( smile ) hmm ... a boat designer and a chef ... that 's quite a- Charlie 's try to keep he panic in check . charlie have dinner with I . please , tess ... what do you say ? tess smile , shake she head . tess okay , Charlie ... what the hell ..? charlie fantastic ! great ! I have to go . and he 's off and run . tess just have to laugh . tess what . .? charlie ( call back ) my place in a hour ! tess smile as she watch he sprinting cemetery , not quite sure what to make of cloud ... then she spy Charlie and Sam 's little sailboat on the beach ... she keep ext . clearing - twilight Charlie burst into the clear . Sam be ball up in the air . SAM what up , bro ? ( then , notice ) you do not bring you glove ... charlie shit ... SAM ( smile ) 61 . through the Charlie St. forlorn look on walk . wait , toss the no big ... want to go swim ? or how about - charlie be it okay if we kinda cut it short tonight ? SAM how come ? charlie ( shy smile ) I ... I have get a date . SAM you do not ... charlie with tess Carroll . SAM ( gleeful ) the sailor babe ? you be kid I ... charlie ( smile ) I kid you not . I be gonna cook she dinner . 62 . SAM ( mischievous ) yeah ..? and what be you gonna do after dinner ? charlie I do not - SAM ( giggle ) I know . you be gonna play tonsil hockey , be not you ? and Sam stick out he tongue . charlie Sam — SAM you be gonna stick you tongue all the way down she throat then jump she bod and do the nasty - charlie ( irritate ) knock it off .. Sam just look at he , stung . SAM I be only goof around ... charlie I know that , Sam , but sometimes ... Sam look right at he . SAM what , Charlie ? charlie nothing ... Sam 's sulk , Charlie go to he . charlie come on , Sam ... Sam lash out . 63 . SAM you be sick and tired of hang out with a kid , be not you , Charlie ? that 's why you be go out with she ... Sam 's young and frighten , he insecurity be get the best of he and it break Charlie 's heart . charlie nobody 's ever gonna take you place , sam. ( smile ) especially not some ... girl ... ( then ) you wanna go for a swim ? Sam light up with a smile . ext . the glade - later Charlie and Sam emerge from the water . Charlie start get he stuff together ... SAM you remember I tell you that I make out with Jenny childer ..? charlie yeah . .? SAM ( sheepish ) well , I be kind of ... lie . charlie ( smile ) oh ... SAM so ... what 's it like exactly ? to kiss a girl ? Charlie look at he kid brother ... who will never get to kiss a girl . charlie truthfully , Sam ...? I can hardly remember myself . 64 . int . charlie 's house - night Charlie and tess be linger over what seem to have be a very successful meal . the light be low , r&b pulse from the sound system , and they be both pleasantly tipsy from the bottle of wine that they have emptied . tess look over Charlie 's boat sketches laid out on the table . tess wow ... you know , you really should be building this . ( he smile ) this be still my favorite ... it 's the sketch of querencia modify . charlie querencia ... tess it 's Spanish for - charlie the place in the ring where the bull feel safe ... tess ( smile ) you know you hemingway . ( Charlie smile ) it 's also the place where we feel the most secure - it 's where we can be ourselves ... ( then ) where 's yours , Charlie ? where 's you querencia ? charlie right here , I guess . tess the cemetery ? charlie ( embarrassed ) marblehead ... ( she chuckle ) what. .? 65 . tess come on , Charlie ... I love marblehead too , but ... it 's like the song say ... ( smile , shake she head ) you can not buy a thrill ... Charlie 's look right at she , into that sea-green eye . and tess be feel it too ... think maybe you can buy a thrill , after all ... then ... charlie umm ... we need more wine ... Charlie get up and head off into the kitchen . tess watch he go . she smile , still not sure what to make of he . then she get up , stretch out ... and gravitate toward the big , messy bookcase . it 's fill with a eclectic assortment - everything from World lit to archeology to book on all matter related to the afterlife . but it 's a certain sailing book that get she attention , it 's lie beneath a cardboard box on the top shelf . she reach for it , try to slide it out from beneath the box . but the box fall and it 's content spill onto the floor - photograph , dozen of they we see splashes of image , young Charlie , Sam and they mother ... int . charlie 's kitchen - night Charlie 's try to get a bottle of wine open with the corkscrew . but he hand be tremble with nerve . he chastise himself ... charlie get a grip ... int . live room - night Charlie walk in with the wine bottle . tess do not see he , she 's seat on the floor , look at a photo of a young Charlie with he mother . Charlie do not like be confront with this long ago image ... but he cover it as he say : charlie that 's my mom . tess look up , startle . 66 . tess Charlie , I be sorry , I be reach for a book and - charlie it 's okay ... he bend down and start put the picture back . charlie when my mom move up to Portland , we divi have up the family photo ... tess I guess , you be not the album type ... ( hold a photo ) you and ... Sam , right ? close on photo - young charlie and SAM , arm around each other , aboard they sailboat , mugging for the camera . Charlie have to hide he pain . charlie we be out at the point ... and Charlie quickly start toss the photo back into the box . but tess be fascinate by they . picture after picture of Sam and Charlie sailing ... tess Charlie ? be Sam the reason ? charlie the reason for what ? tess the reason you stop sailing . Charlie just look at she . she sure can press he button ... tess I be sorry . I - charlie it 's all right ... ( then , after a beat ... ) Sam and I ... we be gonna sail around the world , too . tess ( delighted ) you be ? and Charlie just start talk , as if in a dream ... charlie marquesas , tuamoto , Zanzibar , fiji ... all of that faraway place that hang off the edge of the map by they fingernails ... we be gonna see ‘em all ... ( then ) after the accident ... I try take the boat out a few time but ... ( he shake he head ) 67 . Charlie 's never say this thing to anybody . tess take he hand . tess when I lose my dad ... I think I have never get over it . ( gently ) but we have gotta keep go , Charlie ... tess look deep into Charlie 's eye ... tess ( cont 'd ) '' trust you heart if the seas catch fire .. '' ( then ) you have get to take a chance ... then , almost imperceptibly , Charlie lean toward she . barely whisper : tess what be you ..? charlie take a chance ... then , in the grip of emotion he 's never before feel , pull she into he arm ... and kiss she with all the .- tess Charlie passion , long and tenderness ... that he lonely heart contain . then it 's over . both of they overwhelm and unprepare for the powerful emotion coursing through they . tess timing be everything , be not it ? charlie what do you - 68 . tess I be leave in a week , remember ? Charlie nod grimly . then ... tess I oughtta go ... charlie can I walk you ? let I - tess ( she touch he cheek ) good night , Charlie St. cloud ... and tess walk out the door . Charlie 's cottage have never seem so empty , and he heart be aching . then ... a knock at the door . Charlie open it . tess land in he arm . they be kissing passionately ... bump into furniture , tear off clothes as they make they way into the bedroom . int . charlie 's bedroom - dawn Charlie 's just stir . he sit up sleepily and look around . he 's alone . he 's surprised , dismay ... and then he see , tape to he mirror - a little hand drawn sail boat Charlie take it down . he turn it over to find three word write : come find I . ext . the cemetery wood - dawn Charlie 's head through a clear . he stop in track , stunne as he see - he old sailboat - on the water 's edge - sail raised and gleaming tess at the tiller . she call out to he : tess ( smile ) I know you have find I ... Charlie start walk slowly toward the water . tess ( be : the boat ) it seem so forlorn ... I just have to save it ... 69 . Charlie stop at the water 's edge , still somewhat stunne . finally , tess laugh . tess oh , come on , Charlie ... what be you wait for ? and she hold out she hand . ext . the water - dawn whoosh ! close on : the bow of the little sailboat carve across the bay . pull back : Charlie be at the tiller , tess work the mainsail and jib rope . they be sailing the boat hard , into a fresh north - east wind . for Charlie ... the sensation of be out on the water again ... be one of just pure , unadulterate ... joy , and he 's have the time of he life . charlie / tess yeeeha ! then ... charlie the wind 's pick up . standby to let out the main ! tess aye , aye , cap ... Charlie 's have the time of he life . he smile at tess , know he 's get she to thank for this . she smile back . ext . the beach - day Charlie and tess have just pull the boat onto shore . Charlie 's so exhilated , he can not calm down . charlie let 's go out again tomorrow . we can - tess sure , and next time I 'il give you a few pointer on how to - charlie ( laugh ) oh , you will ..? 70 . tess laugh . Charlie just look at she . then he kiss she . charlie thank you . tess just smile . then : tess I have get a million thing to do before next week ... charlie sure ... she kiss he . then : tess we can meet here for lunch . right after aunt Abby . charlie , ( laugh ) who ? and off she go . Charlie watch she . he 's get the biggest smile on he face ... ext . the cemetery - day Charlie 's still wear that smile as he hose off a gravestone . Joe 's with he , laugh . joe dumbass grin can only mean one thing ... sonavabitch ... who be she ? give it up , Charlie , or I 's all - and Charlie laughingly turn the hose on he . Joe laugh as he run away . int . marblehead nursing home - day tess 's aunt ABBY , a ancient gal in she eighty , sit stare out of the window . tess walk in . she smile sadly . then she come over and give she aunt a kiss . tess hey , aunt Abby ... you look pretty today . aunt Abby just stare off , tess 's presence not register ... 71 . tess whatcha look at ? that sparrow ? there 's a sparrow on a limb right outside the window . he fly off . tess there he go ... ( then she smile ) aunt Abby ...? aunt Abby , I meet somebody . his name be Charlie and he 's a sailor like I ... you have like he , aunt Abby , he 's very sweet ... but he 's very sad ... ( whisper ) do not tell mom , but I kinda let he get to first base last night . actually , he get a little bit further than - aunt ABBY tess ..? tess be startle . she come around to face she aunt . tess aunt Abby ... aunt ABBY be you all right , dear ? tess ( laugh ) I be fine . I be great ... I be ... aunt ABBY it 's okay , dear . everything 's go to be all right , and I 'il see you very soon . and then aunt Abby 's eye close , she head tilt and she 's snore softly . tess smile , kiss she cheek . ext . the cemetery beach - late afternoon Charlie and tess sit on a blanket with a now empty picnic basket beside they . you can tell that they have be here for hour . tess it 's the first time she 's speak to I in month . I think it 's a sign of something ... something good . 72 . charlie ( smile ) it 's a sign that you be gonna win the race . tess smile tentatively : tess or a sign that you be gonna say , yes , to what I be gonna ask you ... Charlie smile , kiss she neck . charlie ask I anything . whatever it be ... whatever you want ... tess will you meet I in cape town ? Charlie 's just look at she . what ..? tess the first leg of the race ... that 's where it end . charlie tess , I ... tess will you , Charlie ? please , it would just be so great ... she 's wait for a answer . Charlie 's torment . charlie tess , I just ... i... tess I know it 's crazy , Charlie , I know we just meet but ... the sunset cannon boom the startle Charlie go white . tess what 's wrong ? Charlie can barely control he panic . charlie I have to get back ... 73 . and they be hurry to he truck . charlie ( cont 'd ) it 's ... the sprinkler . the timer 's all haywire and the whole place be about to get drench ... ext . charlie 's cottage - sunset they get out of the pickup . Charlie 's already off and run , prevaile on tess : charlie this will not take long ... tess look after he , curiously . ext . forest - short time later Charlie breathlessly crash into the glade . charlie ( shout ) Sam ? Sam , be you here ? Sam ... and then Charlie just stand there , freeze ... charlie ( cont 'd ) oh , my God ... SAM stand there - partially transparent and Sam 's frighten , quivering , nearly in tear . SAM you break the promise , Charlie ... you break the promise ... Charlie rush over to he brother , try to touch he ... but he hand pass through . charlie ( anguish ) do not go , Sam . you gotta try to hang on . SAM I do not know if I can . it might be too late ... charlie Sam ... 74 . SAM why be not you here , Charlie ? why be not you - then ... lighting up relieved ... charlie you be do it , Sam . see ? you be come back ... it 's gonna be okay ... and , sure enough , Sam 's become more visible . Charlie can grab Sam 's arm now , he hand no longer pass through . but Sam 's still angry and distraught . SAM where the hell be you ? charlie I be so sorry , Sam . I - SAM it 's tess , be not it , Charlie ? that 's why you be late . you would rather be with - charlie no. no ... it will never happen again , Sam ... I swear to God ... you be my brother and I be not gonna lose you . SAM maybe you better tell she ... Charlie turn around . there 's tess . tess I do not mean to spy on you ... Charlie be mortify . tess Charlie , it 's okay . I talk to my dad all the time . ( nod toward sea ) when I be out there , he be with I . as sure as Sam 's here now . now Charlie glance toward Sam , who be obviously feel very threaten ... 75 . charlie I make he a promise that ... I have always take care of he . tess I get it , Charlie , I really do ... Charlie just look at she , he really do want she to understand ... charlie we do not have a dad like yours . it be my job to protect he ... tess ( smile ) I be sure you be a great big brother . he be lucky to have you . tess come over to Charlie and take he hand . she raise it to she lip and gently kiss it . tess ( gently ) let 's go . charlie where ? tess you place . we be talk about cape town , remember ? the frighten Sam cry out . SAM Charlie , no ! charlie cape town ... SAM do not go , Charlie ! please ! charlie tess ... SAM remember we promise . tess I know we just meet ... but , Charlie ... I want to be with you ... 76 . Charlie tear he eye away from tess . he look at he frighten , little brother ... then to tess : charlie I can not just take off whenever I feel like it ... I have a job ... tess I be sure you job will still be here ... and besides ... be not you the boss ? charlie ( sheepish ) I have get a lot go on . it 's hard to explain ... tess sigh sadly . and start walk away . tess it 's okay ... you do not have to ... charlie tess , wait ... tess you be right ... we barely even know each other ... and she start walk off . Sam smile . Charlie go after she , stop she . charlie tess , please - tess I have get a race to get ready for ... charlie it 's not that I do not want to . I would go if I could ... tess then what be it ? what 's keep you here ? Charlie look at tess , he 's go to tell she ... then he glance at Sam , frighten , wait ... nearly quaking with fear . charlie good luck with you race , tess . good luck with everything ... 77 . tess 's heart be break . then she turn and walk away . Sam come up beside he brother . SAM I love you , bro ... Charlie just look at Sam . he 's make he choice and he ’1ll live with it . he throw he arm around Sam . charlie I love you too ... ext . tess 's mother 's house - night a single light burn high up in the widow 's walk of a eighteenth century house overlook the harbor . tess walk in , look around , call out : tess Mom ? but the house be empty . tess sigh and plop down in the window seat of the widow 's walk , gaze mournfully out over the dark water . bobbo , trot in . he whine pitifully . tess sigh . tess yep bobo , you get it in one ... int . charlie 's house - night close on : Charlie . he smile . charlie I can not come to cape town , because every evening I play ball with my dead brother in the cemetery - ( intensely cheerful ) of course I be not crazy ! pull back : Charlie , sit drink alone , be talk to thin air . suddenly engulf by sadness , he smile fade . he murmur . charlie ( cont would ) really ... I be not ... Charlie gulp scotch from the glass in he hand . 78 . ext . charlie 's cottage - dawn Charlie , look like hell and feel even worse , be just now discover that he 's out of coffee . he shake out the few remain grounds from the bag ... charlie shit ... then ... a knock at the door . tess ? Charlie rush to open it . Joe 's stand there with a shit eat grin . joe it 's Mary Dempsey , you be do , be not it ? charlie I do not even know Mary ... Charlie close the door in Joe 's face and turn away . Joe open the door and come inside . joe ( call out ) yo! mar-eee ... charlie there 's nobody here ... then he look at Charlie , realize for the first time how dishevel he be . joe you sure do look like a night with Mary Dempsey ... charlie I just ... need some coffee ... joe ( notice empty bag ) damn ... no woman and no coffee ... now , that 's mess up ... int . tess 's mom 's house - day tess be walk toward bobo with a leash . tess come on , boy , let 's go fora walk ... 79 . bobo get up and rush past tess , right out through the doggie door . tess hey ! int . driftwood cafe - day a rustic little dive on the water . the place fill up with early morning regular . Charlie 's thought be mile away as he sit with Joe and sip he coffee . Joe talk to waitress . joe ( to waitress ) what 's up , Loretta ? how 's the kid ? waitress ( sour ) I get one with he arm bust and two down with chickenpox . thank you for ask ... Charlie glance out the window and notice tink hurry along the dock . he meet a couple of other watermen . ext . along the water tess run down the beach , chase bobo . up ahead , she see a fisherman she know . she call out : tess hey , dubby , grab he , will you ? dubby make no attempt to stop the dog and as tess run by she laugh : tess thanks for nothing , dubby ... int . the cafe - day Charlie 's still watch as tink and the group enter the cafe and go to a big wall - size nautical chart of the area . a couple of the local drift over and join the group . waitress so what all it be , guy ? Charlie get up and approach tink 's group . as he near the huddle he hear snatch of conversation : '' Coast Guard chopper could ... '' '' be over forty - eight hour since ... '' '' where be you last contact from ?... '' 80 . through the window we see a distress Grace Carroll walk with hoddy snow , the officious - look harbor master . ext . along the water - day tess chase bobo , who 's now head toward town . she 's get seriously irritate . tess goddamnit , bobo ... int . the driftwood - day Charlie step into the group . charlie what 's go on ? water man # 1 there 's a boat miss , Charlie . close on : Charlie . almost instinctively he ask : charlie which boat ? ext . marblehead mainstreet - day tess call to a young woman walk along the pavement . tess hey Julie , bobo 's go crazy ...! julie look through tess as if she do not exist . int . driftwood - day the Water man 's battle he emotion . water man # 1 the querencia ... tess Carroll 's boat . Charlie be in shock . some of the local overhear and leave they table to join the throng at the map . ext . marblehead mainstreet - day tess , irritate , speak directly into Julie 's face . tess Julie ... 81 . no response . tess turn to a mirrore storefront window , seek she reflection ... int . the driftwood - day Charlie be reeling . this just can not be ... the man in the group make way for Grace Carroll , who 's just walk in . her face be tear - streak as she make she way through the crowd . grace ( to tink ) the Coast Guard do not have a man to spare . it seem there be some fishing boat in trouble ... finally , Charlie just have to speak up . charlie this be a mistake . all eye be on he . tink look at he disdainfully : tink how the hell would you know , St. cloud ? charlie tess be not miss . I be with she yesterday . everybody 's befuddle . what 's go on here ..? grace you be with my daughter ? charlie yes , mar ’am , I be . we have dinner together and a picnic and - tink ( scowling ) she have not be see or hear from in over forty - eight hour . she 's out there somewhere . she never come back ... push in : on Charlie desperately hold back fear . everybody , include Joe , be shaking they head , think ... crazy Charlie again . 82 . ext . marblehead MAIN STREET - day we now see what tess see in the mirror -- life continue around she on the street , but no reflection back of herself . grip with panic , tess slowly buckle to the pavement . int . the driftwood - day Charlie still reeling as tink address the group . tink anybody with a boat , please ... we can use all the help we can get . waterman 1 ( to Charlie ) what about you ? why do not you make yourself useful and - charlie ( daze ) you be too late ... everybody 's aghast . Charlie turn and walk out the door . ext . marblehead STREET - moment later Charlie 's rush down the street , look in all direction . no sign of tess . then he have a think . he take off toward the water . soon ...up ahead ... he see she . tess on the dock her back to Charlie , gaze out at the water . charlie tess ! tess turn around . there 's Charlie rush toward she . and in less than a moment , she 's in he arm . tess Charlie , thank God ... I think I be go crazy or ... charlie ( anguish ) tess — 83 . tess nobody can see I , Charlie . nobody but you ... tess can tell by Charlie 's face that something be horribly wrong . tess tell I what 's happen ... tell I I be real ... Charlie know he have to be strong for she . it be not easy . a procession of boat motor past the dock on they way out of the harbor . charlie ( gently ) they be go out to search for you . tess search for I ..? but ... charlie when you go out on you test run ... you run into that storm front ... do you remember what happen ? and tess try she best to concentrate ... tess I lie to tink about my position ... I remember ask my dad for help and then ... the next thing I know ... I be there at he grave ... Charlie 's have a hard time hold it together . charlie ( hardest word he 's ever speak ) when you go out on the querencia ... you do not come back . tess be thunderstuck . she start shaking she head . tess what ..? no ...that 's ... 84. charlie tess ... I can see you ... because I can see Sam . then finally , a anguish cry ... tess I be not dead !... charlie tess ... tess I have a whole life to live . I want to sail . ( implore ) I want to love . they look into each other 's eye ... Charlie 's heart be break . and then ... tess begin to slowly fade ... charlie no ... tess I be so cold ... why be I so ..? tess panic as she realize what 's happen to she . charlie tess , hang on ... tess find I , Charlie ... Charlie try to hold onto tess , but he hand go right through she . they face be inch apart . tess 's voice be drift far away . charlie tess , please - tess come find I ... and then ... she 's go . charlie no ... tink pass with he boat . he 's see Charlie talk to himself . he turn away with disgust . 85 . Charlie 's leave alone on the dock , the mournful foghorn blow ... int . charlie 's cottage - day Charlie 's wall ... with it 's meticulous round trip chart and sunset table and dozen of sailboat sketches . pull back to : Charlie stand there , stare at they .. then , in a rage he rip the chart from the wall , tear they into piece and fling they across the room . next come he sailboat sketches - one after another , he rip they from * the wall . but there 's one sailboat sketch that stop he cold - * * the querencia * it 's the sketch of Charlie 's re-imagine version of tess 's * boat . Charlie can not bring himself to pull this one from the * wall but the sight of it absolutely break he heart . * then he calm down , compose himself ... he know what he have * to do ... int . charlie 's cottage - late afternoon Charlie 's at he desk , write a letter . close on letter - all we see be the word : '' dear mom , I ’m sorry for everything ... '' and - '' now I all be with SAM ... '' and we be lead to the inescapable conclusion that Charlie St. cloud be plan to take he life ... then ... there 's a knock on the door . Charlie ignore it , or try to . then - joe' voice ( 0.s. ) open up , Charlie , I know you be in there . you gotta knock off the crazy shit , Charlie ! * Charlie grit he tooth ... on joe outside pound on the door . joe we get a six p.m. service , and * we be short on crew . 86 . on charlie he grimace . he know Joe 's not leave . he bark : charlie I will be right there ... he stashes he suicide letter in the desk drawer , close it . ext . cemetery - sunset a funeral 's in progress . a large gather of friend , family and firefighter and a row of uniform man with bagpipe . the Chief of the Fire Department be deliver a eulogy . Charlie 's stand nearby , pretty out of it ... chief we thank you Lord for the life of a great man . we be grateful for he devotion to a fireman 's duty , for he dedication to the preservation of life , etc ... in the distance , the sunset cannon boom . Charlie hear it . he start toward the wood . ext . the glade - sunset Charlie plop down miserably on a log , wait for Sam . then a voice ... voice ( 0.s. ) Charlie . he turn around . it 's florio ferrente in he dress uniform . florio Charlie St. cloud . charlie ( stand up ) yeah . .? florio ( warm smile ) it 's be a long time , Charlie ... thirteen year ... charlie I be sorry , I ... 87. florio June 9th , ' 95 . Bridge Street and flint . Charlie be rock . he remember now . charlie I be sorry I do not recognize you ... florio approach Charlie and somewhat awkwardly embrace he in a gentle hug . florio it 's so good to see you again ... I be florio , by the way . florio ferrente . then Charlie nod in the direction of the funeral . charlie so how do you ..? florio apartment fire over in revere ... Little girl save she kitty , I save the little girl ... but no one save I ... charlie I be sorry . florio it 's the job . I would not have it any other way . ( Charlie nod ) I have think about you over the year ... I have think about you a lot ... charlie you have ? florio twenty seven year on the job , Charlie , and you ... you be my only miracle . Charlie be both profoundly move and ashamed of himself . a * 88 . florio I always figure that there must have be some purpose to it ... be I right , Charlie ? charlie I do not ... florio a miracle without one be just ... God show off ... florio 's look right at he , Charlie can barely meet he eye . then : SAM hello . Sam have walk into the glade . charlie this be my brother - florio ( he know ) Sam . SAM do you know I ? florio ( in italian ) '' muor giovane coluiche al cielo e caro . '' ( Sam 's confuse ) '' whom the god love die young . '' florio walk toward he . look into he eye . florio I be the one who bring you brother back . after the accident . SAM oh ... florio I want you to know that it break my heart , let you go ... but I could only save one of you , and Charlie have the best chance . Sam smile . ee + % 89 . SAM you do you best ... you save Charlie . florio smile at Charlie : florio my only miracle ... Charlie be profoundly move . and also ashamed of himself . then ... in the distance - bagpipe music . florio you hear that ? that 's my favorite part of the service ... and florio start to head out of the glade back toward he funeral service . florio you have yourself a great life , Charlie . bye , Sam ... and florio muss Sam 's hair as he head off . Charlie and Sam watch he go . charlie you ever think , Sam ... that maybe we make a mistake ? SAM about what ? charlie it seem like such a good idea . a great idea ... only now , I be not so sure ... and now Sam know ... SAM ( rock ) Charlie ... how can you - charlie there 's more for we , Sam , there 's get to be . Sam just look at Charlie ... then , bitterly - 90 . SAM I know what 's go on , here , Charlie .... do not think I do not . charlie it 's not what you think ... SAM you be a liar , Charlie . you be - charlie Sam , tess be ... dead . SAM ( stunne ) what . .? charlie ( glance toward ocean ) she go out in the storm ... she 's lose at sea ... SAM but ... she be here the other day ... charlie that be she spirit ... Sam take it in ... then ... SAM Charlie ... Charlie ... I be sorry ... and Sam give Charlie a hug . Charlie look at he little brother , realize how great he be , how much he love he . he smile sadly . charlie I will see you tomorrow , okay ? Sam smile with reassurance . SAM okay ... and Charlie walk out of the glade . int . charlie 's cottage - night Charlie walk in and survey the mess he 's make . the only thing still on the wall be he sketch of the querencia . then he walk to the desk , open the drawer - he 's look at - gl . he suicide note he pick it up and tear it into piece which he toss into the trash . then as he 's about to close the drawer ... he see something in there , it be lie beneath the note ... be it there before ...? he pick it up . tess 's hand drawn sailboat picture it break Charlie 's heart to see it . then he turn it over . there be that three word again - come find I Charlie sigh deeply . he place the note back in the drawer - a memento he will forever cherish . he close the drawer and start pick up the tatter remain of the chart and sketches he have tear off the wall . but he 's stop cold when lie on the floor , he see - another hand drawn sailboat sketch it 's identical to the other . he turn it over . that word again ... come find I ... Charlie be baffle ... where do this second sketch come from ? and as he study it , he hear ... a sound ... a rip sound ..? he wheel around to see- the querencia sketch on the wall the tape that 's hold it be give way ... the sketch be slowly start to peel away ... and as it do , one by one it reveal the word , scrawle there on the wall ... come find I ... the sketch fall onto the floor . Charlie be rock , unable to move ... come find I , come find I ... and then - flashback - on the water - tess in he old sailboat tess ( smile ) I know you have find I . * the ok * 92 . flashback - the harbor the last time Charlie see she ... fade away ... tess come find I , Charlie . find I .... charlie ( scream ) tess ... another image - the anguished tess tess I be not dead ! the present - on charlie - a epiphany charlie my God ... ext . marblehead dock - night the weary - look tink 's just tie up he boat . he walk up the dock with the frantic Charlie at he heel . tink this morning you say we be waste we time . charlie I be wrong . she 's out there somewhere but she 's run out of time ... tink even with a survival suit , the Coast Guard 's put she chance at slim to none . charlie tink - tink we be go back out in the morning . Charlie grab he arm . charlie if you will not go , then lend I you boat . 93 . tink snort , '' yeah , right , '' pull away , and keep on walk , leave Charlie behind . Charlie do not miss a beat . he turn around and make a dash for tink 's boat . he quickly unty it and leap aboard . on tink 's boat - cont Charlie rush into the wheel house and start the engine . on tink hear he boat engine start up . he wheel around , see what 's happen and charge toward he boat like a angry bull . tink sonavabitch ! on the boat Charlie 's at the wheel , move she out of the slip . tink leap off the dock and just barely make it onto the boat . he scramble to he foot and attack Charlie , shove he roughly up against the wall . Charlie try to break free , but tink 's too big and strong . tink then lift Charlie up and hurl he across the wheel house ... everything go fly , include the radio which get smashed on the floor . tink 's come for he again . Charlie scramble up . tink 's come toward he with murder in he eye . charlie go on , throw I overboard . I will get another boat . and another one if I have to .. tink stop , he bellow half in anguish , half in anger . tink you do not even know she ! charlie I know she sail into the storm , not around it . I know you have be search in the wrong goddamn place ... tink how do you know ..? 94 . charlie ( think fast ) a week before the race ... would not she want to test she boat in heavy weather ? maybe you be the one who do not know she .. despite himself , tink see the logic of this ... still , he glower at Charlie as he say : tink the first time I catch you talk to somebody that I can not see ... you be go in the water . Charlie nod . ext . tink 's boat - night tink 's boat thread slowly through a chain of small island that arc out of the sea like humpback . the boat 's powerful searchlight sweep a eerily calm , ink - black ocean . tink 's at the wheel as Charlie , man the searchlight , call out : charlie tess ! tess ! his voice bounce forlornly back from the rock . ext. / int . tink 's boat - dawn Charlie and tink have be up all night and it show . in the cabin , Charlie 's poring over the nautical map while tink try to get the break radio to work . tink come in , Coast Guard . Coast Guard can you hear I ? come in Coast Guard ... tink release the talk button and get only static . he finally give up . charlie how be we on gas ? 95 . tink get low . we can refuel and pick up some sandwich at Portsmouth . tink yawn mightily . charlie you wanna grab some sleep ? tink no ... I be good ... ext . ocean / tink 's boat - day tink be sound asleep . Charlie be at the tiller , scan the horizon . he can not see shit , it 's foggy as hell ... charlie where be you , tess ? where be you ..? same scene - later Charlie , weary , run on fume , still at the wheel . now Charlie 's get he eye on - the hazy yellow SUN tink walk over , see Charlie watch the sun . he hand he a beer . charlie thanks . tink when that sun go down it 's gonna be like sailing through a tunnel . Charlie 's not think about the darkness , he 's think about Sam as he say : charlie we 's will find she . and we 'il be back before the sun go down ... Charlie want to believe this with all he heart . on the boat - later tink steer toward a small island . Charlie call out : charlie tess ! tess ! 96 . no reply . Charlie dare to glance skyward - the SUN be just starting to sink Charlie 's get desperate . charlie head for shark 's Bay ... tink shake he head but he turn the wheel . int . the boat cabin - later tink 's try the radio again . Charlie 's go over the navigational map and chart , crossing out the area that have already be searched . charlie shark 's Bay , Pilot rock , boon Island , cape porpoise ... newburyport ... ( fervent ) -..- that just leave ... tink ( frustrated ) it leave about one hundred square mile of - Charlie get up and head for the deck . charlie I know where she be . ext . the deck - late afternoon Charlie 's at the wheel with tink . the water 's get rougher , the boat 's unsteady , the cold sea sweep the deck and both man have to shout above the din of the wave . tink Mingo rock ! that 's gotta be twenty mile out ... charlie she hit some rough weather out by the shoal . Mingo rock be the last place - tink how do you know she - 97 . charlie because that 's what she say . tink ( angry laugh ) that 's what she say ? and when exactly do she - Charlie realize he slip up . charlie you be gonna have to trust I on - tink ( order ) turn she around ... charlie tink ... tink we can still get back before dark ... Charlie instinctively look up at the sun . it 's start to sink . he could still make it back for Sam . his hand be unsteady on the wheel ... he turn back to tink . charlie we be not go in . tink just snort and make a move toward the wheel . Charlie block he , get in he face . charlie how be you gonna feel when they find she , tink ? when they find she dead at Mingo rock ? this stop tink . he just glare at Charlie ... then ... tink you have better be right , St. cloud ... or its gonna be you they find at Mingo rock ... tink storm away . Charlie look back at the sun ... 98 . same scene - later the SUN be setting - dropping into the ocean Charlie 's still at the wheel , stare off at the sun . he murmur softly ... charlie Sam ... ext . the glade - sunset Sam sit on a log , wait . he toss he ball in the air and catch it . on the boat - sunset Charlie 's on the deck . he stare out at the big , orange sun , sink into the sea . after thirteen year , and thousand of sunset , Charlie register the enormity of he decision . and then the tear start to come ... ext . various shot around the glade - sunset ..- as the last of the sun 's light bathes it in amber ... the pond , empty and still . the grassy area ... vacant . and the log Sam be sit on ... he sit there no longer ... then as the camera move through the glade ... we find - SAM on the bluff look out to sea ... and just beginning to fade away ... back on the boat Charlie , a tear stream down he cheek as he watch the last of the sunset ... charlie Goodbye , Sam ... then ... tink ( 0.s. ) we should be come up on it ... Charlie turn to tink ... 99 . charlie yeah ... close on : the bow of tink 's boat ploughing through the water . CUT to : the bridge . Charlie and tink look out in expectation as the boat round a island . close on : Charlie . he silently pray as ... charlie 's Pov : the island clear from view and .... he sight - querencia 's capsiZed hull . he do not know whether to feel joy or despair . querencia wallow on the gentle swell like a upturn , bloat carcass . wedge between two small island , the boat 's keel be partially snap off . tink be amaze , horrify and ecstatic . tink God damn ... how do you ..? snap into action , Charlie bark at tink . charlie take the wheel ... tink grab the wheel as Charlie start pull off he shoe . tink what the hell - charlie get as close as you can ! tink that water 's freezing . you will kill yourself ... Charlie run to the bow of the boat . he pause , stare at querencia 's stricken hull . he murmur a silent prayer . and then ... wide : Charlie dive ... underwater shot : a explosion of phosphorescence as Charlie 's body shatter the silent , shimmer , underwater world . 100 . he arrow down toward the invert entrance of querencia 's cabin . Charlie reach the storm board which seal the cabin 's entrance . he try to budge the board . it will not move . close on : he struggle desperately with the board , we hear the sound of he blood drum in he ear . he be run out of air . turn on he back , Charlie use he foot to kick the storm - board with all he might . close on : it budge . with redouble fury , Charlie kick . the board slide far enough for Charlie to wriggle into the open . follow Charlie into ... int . querencia cabin - day gasp , Charlie surface into the air pocket of the upturn cabin . the water be chest deep . a slice of sunlight penetrate from where the keel have come away from the hull ; otherwise the cabin be dark as a tomb . the eerily amplify sound of the boat 's hull grind against rock , fill we ear . Charlie call . charlie tess ? he take the pencil light from he pocket and tear it from its plastic wrapping . snap the light on , Charlie cast its beam around the cabin . everything be literally , turn upside down . packet of food , map , clothing , and a mess of other junk float in the water . close on : Charlie . he can not see tess . with rise urgency , he scan the beam into every nook and cranny of the cabin . charlie ( cont would ) tess ? tess ! 101 . and then he see she ; unconscious , and almost hide , tess be wedge into the corner of the far bulkhead . with a cry of relief , Charlie rush through the water toward the woman he love . charlie ( cont would ) tess ! with four step , Charlie be there . he reach to take tess in he arm , but stop , horrify . charlie 's Pov : it be not tess . the dark shape be a sail bag , a trick of the shadow . CUT to : Charlie . he be start to panic . underwater shot : Charlie plunge beneath the water that fill the cabin . fearing the worst now , he be look for a corpse . nothing . Charlie resurface for air , and dive back under . charliex underwater Pov : the cabin skylight have be puncture by the ship 's boom , which , still attach to the break mast , protrude in from the sea at a unlikely angle . the hole seem to have be enlarge to a size big enough for a person to fit through . Charlie surface . he be still for a moment , try to understand what it mean . and with a huge lung - full of air , plunge back under he water . Dawn , slant down through the shifting sea , make the break skylight seem like the entrance to a bright , white , light - fill tunnel . Charlie swim out of the cabin window , and into the light . Charlie be now back under the open sea , but on the island side of querencia 's hull . the break mast be jamme into rock at the base of the island . Charlie swim past a mess of twisted rigging , search for a sign of tess . he look up toward the sunlight . he can see the outline of the island flicker above he . 102 . he kick hard for the surface , but move only a few inch . he try to move again , but cannot . he glance around , try to find what be hold he . close on : Charlie 's pullover be snag on some break rigging . Charlie twist , try to unhook himself . he cannot . close on : Charlie . he have be submerge a long time now . his breath be start to run out . more and more desperately , Charlie twist , and struggle . he try to take the pullover off , but it tangles around he . bubbles escape from he mouth , he cannot hold on any longer . he screw he eye tight with the effort of hold the stale air inside he burst lung . and then ... to he great surprise , Charlie be suddenly pull free by unseen hand . he rip out of the jumper and shoot to the surface . bang ! break the surface , Charlie gratefully gulp air . he look around expectantly for he savior : charlie tink ..? tink be you ..? but Charlie 's alone . Charlie do not understand ... B ut then he think he do ... and he smile gratefully . on one side , the upturn hull of querencia block Charlie 's view of tink 's boat . on the other side , be the island . Charlie , barely conscious , struggle to he foot . his eye , hardly able to focus , search the rough black rock . and then he see it ... a flash of orange . there ! clad in she orange survival suit , tess lie very still amongst the rock . charlie ( weakly , hardly a whisper ) tess ..? 103 . ext . marblehead waterfront - morning there be a lot of marblehead resident gather out here tonight to keep vigil . we see tink , Grace , fraffie chapman , marge and many other ... and there 's a tv crew on hand , do a story on tess and she miss boat . the same reporter , who just interview tess , speak into the camera . he seem pretty emotional . reporter ( into camera ) you can see from the number of people out here this morning , wait , hope for some word ... just how much tess Carroll mean to she hometown of marblehead ... but it 's be over forty - eight hour now ... a long time to be out there in the freezing water of the North Atlantic , and hope of find tess Carroll alive be fade ... angle - grace and a friend Grace be listen to the reporter as he put he stock concerned face on for the camera . grace I should never have let she go ... friend ( smile ) like you could have stop she ..? ( Grace smile sadly ) now ... in the b.g. on the water , unnotice by the crowd , we can see a boat docking . we can barely make it out . be it tink 's ? the reporter approach Grace , mike in hand . reporter Mrs. Carroll , I know it 's a terrible time for you but - grace this be not a wake , young man . my daughter be alive . maybe you 's 1ll do another story on she after she sail around the world . 104 . Grace turn and walk away from the reporter , leave he look a little foolish . then ... from behind the crowd ... we just about make out a flash of orange , head slowly toward the crowd ... marge be the first to see it , she can only gasp and say : marge oh , my God ! now they all see what marge have see - charlie carrying tess in he arm tess , in she orange survival suit , lie limp in he arm . Charlie look near death himself as he walk slowly toward the disbely crowd . within moment , Charlie 's envelop by the throng . charlie ( weakly ) call the hospital . tell they ... a suv come screeching up tink come fly out , he start help Charlie get the motionless tess inside . grace tink ! be she ... tink I do not know ... the frenzied reporter and cameraman rush over . it 's absolute chaos ... int . mary alley hospital - day a empty corridor . many hour have pass . Charlie 's curl up on a bench , sound asleep . there 's a blanket around he . then ... two hand gently stir he awake . he open he eye ... groggy , unfocus ... but when he realize who it be , he bolt upright ... tess stand before he alive and well and radiantly beautiful . Charlie be amaze and absolutely overjoy . 105 . charlie tess ... you be okay ...? tess you save I , Charlie ... Charlie pour out he heart . charlie it 's you who save I . you bring I back . I be ready to live again , tess , and I want to be with you . ( he know now ... ) tess , you be my querencia ... tess ( smile ) I love you , Charlie St. cloud ... and Charlie reach out to take she in he arm ... but he can not . tess be transparent . his arm pass right through she . and she 's fading away . charlie tess , no ... no ! but tess be not frighten . she smile as she say ... tess I love you ... and then she 's just ... go . charlie no ! int . another hospital corridor - moment later Charlie 's frantically rush down the corridor , pay no heed to the pass doctor , nurse , patient ... he get to the hall mark - icu . he 's head in but he 's stop by a brawny male nurse . charlie tess Carroll . I have to - 106 . nurse she 's no longer here . Charlie 's knee get weak . a voice behind he - voice ( 0.s. ) Charlie ! Charlie turn around . it 's Grace Carroll , very emotional ... charlie Mrs. Carroll ..? where 's ..? and Grace start to cry as she hug Charlie tight grace oh , Charlie ... Charlie just stand there ... unable to move . then Grace Carroll release he . and she smile ... grace it be touch and go for awhile there , Charlie ... but ... ( near tear ) ...- the doctor be say ... it 's a miracle . ( Charlie smile ) she 's ask for you . int . tess 's hospital room - evening Charlie walk in ... there 's tess , sit up in bed , talk with tink , who see he first . tink here he be . charlie tess ... tink smile at tess as he head toward the door . tink you need anything ? tess ( smile ) just to get out of here ... tink you be stay put for awhile ... 107 . tink pat Charlie 's back on he way out . tink see you around ... grateful to be alone with she , Charlie walk to tess 's bedside . tess ( smile ) if I have know you be go to save my life , I would not have be so mean to you . charlie ( smile ) when be you ..? tess the other night by my boat . charlie ( smile ) you be not that mean ... tess oh , yes , I be ... ( then she smile ) so tell I , Charlie St. cloud ... be you still racing ? Charlie just look at she . what 's go on here ..? charlie Racing ..? tess — tess ( smile ) you be the captain of the sailing team be not you ? Charlie get a sink feel in he stomach . charlie tess — tess I be two year behind you in high school . and now Charlie know for sure ... tess do not remember anything about the time they spend together ... when she be a spirit . 108 . tess hey ... do not you get a scholarship to ... Dartmouth , right ? Charlie look into that sea green eye ... probably , he figure , for the last time ... then ... charlie you have get a good memory . tess ( laugh ) sometimes I can not even remember what day it be ... but I owe you my life , Charlie . that 's one thing I will never forget ... charlie you should get some rest ... tess do you have to go ? charlie yeah , I - tess ( laugh ) wait . do not tell I . you have to fix the sprinkler or the whole place will ... Charlie just look at she . and tess realize it too ... tess where have that come from ..? charlie you do not know ? tess I have no ...idea ... but Charlie know . and he heart be racing . he look into that eye again ... charlie '' trust you heart though the seas catch fire . and live by love ... tess '' , .. though the star walk backward ... '' 109 . tess just look at he , not fully understanding it yet , but feel the connection , the deep bond between they ... she reach out she hand ... and Charlie take it . ext . marblehead STREET - day Charlie walk down the street , in no particular hurry . but everywhere he go , somebody seem to want to smile or wave . Charlie wave back . then - voice ( v.o. ) St. cloud ! stop right there ! Charlie turn around , he blood run cold . it 's fraffie chapman head right for he . charlie look , fraffie , I - fraffie give he a big kiss . Charlie 's stunne . then , just like that ... fraffie 's go . Charlie smile and keep walk . int . caretaker 's cottage - late afternoon Charlie 's throw a few thing in a duffle bag . Joe watch . charlie I will get the rest of my stuff later . joe wo not be the same around here without you ... so what be you gonna do ? charlie ( smile ) I do not know ... he step outside , then ... charlie maybe we can meet up at maddie 's sometime . grab a beer . Joe just smile at the '' new '' Charlie . joe let 's see how it go . Charlie smile . 110 . ext . caretaker 's cottage - short time later Charlie walk toward he pickup . but then he realize that the sun be start to set . he look toward the wood at the cemetery 's edge . ext . the glade - sunset Charlie walk into the glade . it 's desert . the last of the light fade . he hear the sunset cannon 's blast . he smile sadly and sit down on the log : charlie I miss you , Sam ... I miss you already ... and then ... a voice : voice ( 0.s. ) I be right here , bro ... but charlie doesn ’t hear the voice . nor doe he see - the handsome young man , stand before he - shimmering like a hologram it take we a moment to realize ... that it 's Sam . and he 's no longer twelve , he 's all grow up - a perfect combination of the boy he have be and the man he have always hope to be . charlie can neither see nor hear he ... SAM I wish you could see I , Charlie ... finally , as I be mean to be ... you have fall right off that log . charlie I break the promise , Sam ... I be sorry ... Sam kneel down to Charlie . SAM you be right to let go . I know that now . we be hold each other back . ( then ) ( more ) 111 . SAM ( cont would ) Charlie ... I can go anywhere , do anything ... it 's beyond anything we ever imagine ... Charlie get up , walk past Sam , look up to heaven . charlie you be out there with I , be not you , Sam ? you save my life . SAM ( smile ) call it a miracle . Charlie start to cry . it break Sam 's heart . SAM oh , Charlie ... charlie why do it have to hurt so bad ? SAM ( sad smile ) it hurt because you love I . it hurt because you be alive . charlie I just want to see you , Sam ... hang out with you and laugh ... I want to play catch ... SAM ( smile ) we will be back together in the blink of a eye . there 's 1ll be all the time in the world for have catch . Charlie calm down . he seem at peace now . charlie I love you , Sam . we will always be brother . SAM you promise ? charlie I promise . and with that , Charlie take he last , long look around the glade . and he start to walk away . 112. as Sam watch he go , he reach into he jacket pocket for something ... Charlie 's near the wood but he stop in he track as he see ... a baseball Rolling into he field of vision from behind . he pick the baseball up . be he dream this ...? he turn around . there 's nothing there . not even Sam 's hologram . Charlie 's face light up with the biggest smile as he toss the ball in the air and catch it . then : charlie night , Sam ... and as he walk out of the glade ... we hear florio ferrenteas voice florio ( v.o. ) tess and Charlie have to fall in love all over again ... ext . movie theater - evening people lining up for the Saturday night show ... tess and Charlie hand in hand in line . florio ( v.o. ) they go to the movie at the Warwick ... int . maddie 's bar - night Charlie turn away from the bar with two drink in he hand , bring they to a table where tess wait . Joe be here too ... florio ( v.o. ) ... they have one too many drink at maddie 's . ext . the old NORTH church - day Charlie and tess rush out of the church where they be pelt with rice . they look deliriously happy and it seem like the whole town 's turn out . 113 . florio ( v.o. ) they get marry at the Old North Church . ext . a modest house - day Charlie carry the laugh tess across the threshold . florio ( v.o. ) they settle down in a house on cloutman 's Lane . ext . mary alley hospital — day Charlie 's pickup screech to a halt out front . Charlie practically fall out the door , run around to help tess out . she 's laugh hysterically . florio ( v.o. ) the baby be bear right here in Mary alley Hospital ... int . hospital room - day Charlie stand there , beam with pride as tess lie nursing they newborn baby . florio ( v.o. ) they name he Sam ... ext . house on cloutman 's lane - day Charlie be teach little Sam , age 4 to catch a baseball . tess watch from the porch . florio ( v.o. ) the St. Cloud will live out they whole life in marblehead without even think about it ... ext . waterside cemetery - day florio stand among the headstone , we recognize Sam 's , still gleam white in the sun . florio well , that 's the end of my story ... the miracle of Charlie St. cloud. ( pleased ) and as it turn out , the miracle do have a purpose . ( look around ) ( more ) + HH HH hf 114 . florio ( cont would ) someday Charlie ... well , he 'il come back here to waterside . ( smile ) but for now ... ext . the harbor - day charlie , tess and young SAM on a sailboat head off for a sail around marblehead . florio ( v.o . ) -.- he 's get some sailing to do . back to florio on the bluff watch Charlie and tess and little Sam ... then florio turn toward the wood . as he begin to walk , he slowly become more and more transparent ... and finally fade away . we be leave with a pristine view of marblehead harbor ... and a sailboat ... Charlie and tess 's boat with sail full ... go with the wind . fade out : the end *