Charlie Wilson 's War screenplay by Aaron sorkin May 23 , .2005 eo charlie wilson be war without Main titles , just the Studio logo , we fade in : title : the follow be a true story . dissolve to : title : part I : a hot Tub in Vegas dissolve to : int . fantasy suite , caesar' palace - night we will get to the hot tub in a second . the first thing we need to know be that there 's a large television nearby that 's on but that no one 's pay attention to . at the moment it 's show a commercial for a shampoo call gee , you Hair smell terrific . Men be pass woman on the street and tell they that , " gee , you hair smell terrific . " we do not care , ' cause the rest of the room be populate with hot woman who will be have sex with stranger tonight . the sound of the shampoo commercial be easily overtaken by the Fine Young cannibal . outside the floor- to-ceil window we can see the light of the Strip and a couple of room service waiter be wheeling in another table of booze , ice and glass . in the large jacuzzi be paul brown , 40 and want to be young ; liz wickersham , a recent playboy cover model ; two stripper who may or may not be wear any clothes right now and we star , charlie wilson . joint make they way around the room , as do small mirror with line . paul brown be not a real player and charlie know it , but he will do he best to humor the guy for liz 's sake . brown it would be like Dallas . liz that 's xight . ( continued ) | continued : ( 2 ) brown yeah . charlie tell I when to watch , I will make sure I be home . brown you do not think I can make it happen ? charlie I do not know anything about how any of that work . brown I do . liz ( to charlie ) you say you would listen to he , that 's why we be here . charlie do they routinely give star role on network program to people who have never act professionally before ? brown she be just on the fuck cover of playboy . charlie I guess that 's the same thing . liz would you take this seriously , please . will you hear the whole pitch and take it seriously ? charlie : I do take it seriously , honey , but can I ask y'all somethin’ ? what the fuck be Dan Rather wear right now ? liz what ? charlie : Dan Rather . ( continued ) , continued : ( 3 ) charlie 's talk about the tv , which no longer have a shampoo commercial on it but instead that night 's edition of 60 Minutes . dan rather 's deliver a report from Afghanistan and he 's dress in traditional afghan tribal clothing . liz you be watch tv ? charlie '' and he have not shave . i liz who give a damn ? charlie ( call to a guy near the tv ) Excuse I , could you turn that up ? liz you say you be gonna take this meeting seriously , charlie I am. ( to the guy ) Excuse I . @ the guy look at charlie ... charlie ( cont 'd ) would you . mind turn up the volume on the tv ? guy I be completely high . charlie okay , well , still , if you could just grab that remote , there should be a button that say -- nope you turn it off . that be the power button . brown Charlie , be we gonna do business ? charlie Dan Rather 's wear a turban , you do not want to know why ? liz it be a thing from India . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) charlie @ Afghanistan . {to the guy ) there you go , you be on it . now the volume . guy get it . charlie ' preciate it . we be watch and listen to snatch of the 60 Minutes report — — dan rather ( from tv ) do he have ammunition for this ? he have three -- but do he have ammunition ? a lot ammunition ? charlib he 's talk about the mujahideen . brown Priests ? @ charlie mujahideen mean freedom fighter . ( beat ) Priests ? brown how the hell be I suppose to know ? charlie this guy be fight the Red Army with stick and stone . we will stay on charlie and the tv while we hear liz and brown in the background . liz ( to brown ) do you think that instead of my money come from my father that I should be a widow ? that I be marry to a Washington power bxoker who get kill in a accident and that that 's where I have my money from and not my father ? or would that make I seem old ? ( continued ) | | continued ; ( 5 ) brown that 's interesting , let I think on that for a second . dan rather {on tv ) be he worried about this helicopter back here ? I hear that bombing sound in the background . charlie ( to the tv ) yes , Danny , he 's worried . liz ( to brown ) you know what I mean ? when I say widow ? brown that you husband die . liz yeah . afghan fighter ( from tv ) without arm and ammunition , you can not fight . and no country be provide arm to mujahideen . brown you think it would make you seem old ? liz possibly . brown because — ~ liz because I be already marry to someone who , you know , be now dead . brown but if he 's kill -- liz that 's right -- brown in a car crash -- ( continued ) | | continued : ( 6 ) liz I be a idiot . translator {from tv ) America seem to be asleep . it do not seem to realize that if Afghanistan go -- and the Russians go over the Gulf -- that in a very short time it 's go to be the turn of the United States as well . charlie that 's a pretty gloomy fuck way to look at it . and now one of the two stripper in the hot tub speak up -- stripper Excuse I . charlie yes mar 'am . stripper i we be just wonder what you do for a live ? charlie I be not a police officer if that 's what you be ask . stripper # 2 no , we just do not see a lot of guy up here who both know about the world and like to party . charlie : well I be a member of the U.S. House of Representatives . stripper # 2 I be sorry ? charlie I be a congressman . stripper be you kid ? ( continued ) continued : ( 7 ) charlie no I be totally serious . I be Charlie Wilson , I represent the Texas 2nd congressional District . this be Liz wickersham and this be Paul Brown . what be you name ? stripper Kelly . stripper # 2 sapphire . charlie Nice to meet you . stripper should you really be in here with stripper and blow ? Liz hey , I be not a stripper . stripper I be a stripper . charlie yeah , that 's a pretty good point , I should probably get goin ' anyway . brown Charlie , I need $ 29,000 to make it happen and you know I can make it happen and you know you want in on this . charlie take a ride with I to the airport . as they get up -- cur to : dan rather --a Holy War against the Soviets . a war , they say , that if they get the weapon from we ox anyone else in the free world , they will win . int . limo - night charlie , liz and brown in the backseat along with the two stripper , kelly and sapphire . there 's coke but we never see charlie do any . brown ''s on the car phone . brown ( into phone} yeah , I be with Congressman Charles Wilson and Liz wickersham . charlie ( quietly to liz ) I wish he would not do that . brown {inte phone ) from Texas . liz have there ever be a show about Washington ? I do not think there have . kelly I neither . brown {into phone ) thank you . ( to charlie and liz ) we get the suite another night . comped . driver should I go back ? charlie no . liz you can not stay another night ? sapphire stay another night . charlie I have get a vote . liz a important one ? charlie yeah . ( continued ) continued : 10 . liz what be it ? charlie : a non-bind resolution express the sense of the Congress that the Department of Defense should continue to exercise its authority to support the Boy scout of America . kelly be you fuck kid I ? charlie in particular the periodic national and world jamboree . liz oh bullshit , stay another night . charlie it 's very important to one of my colleague that liberal democrat show up for this vote and this colleague be important to I ' cause he 's gonna put a half - million dollar Paper Industry International Hall of Fame in appleton , Wisconsin . brown you be make this shit up , this be the kind of thing that could be on the show . charlie no they make a lot of paper product in the Wisconsin 8th . kelly and they get a Hall of Fame ? charlie I guess they be pretty nostalgic about it . sapphire what be they gonna have in it ? charlie I really do not know . ( to liz ) ( more ) ( continued ) continued : il . ( 2 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) but what I get be authorize language stricken from a pilot program in Denver that would prohibit discuss birth control in health education class and once I do that I can get the liberal and the woman to sign a non-bind resolution declare pretty much anything . kelly awesome . charlie thanks a lot . driver we be here , sir . charlie ( to kelly and sapphire ) it be good meeting you . you both nevada resident ? kelly yeah . charlie do not forget to vote . sapphire okay . charlie {to liz and brown ) you guy want to step out with I for a second ? charlie , liz and paul step out of the car onto -- ext . las vega airport / passenger drop - off - continuous the driver 's hop out to open the door and to get charlie 's bag out of the trunk . brown yeah , ' cause once and for all I want to get a answer on this thing ' cause I be ready to move on it and so be Liz . since the playboy cover she 's a very hot commodity and I know a lot of people who want to be in the Liz wickersham business and this people - ~- ( continued ) continued : charlie Paul ? brown yeah . charlie I need you not to talk for a moment , okay ? brown what . charlie first off , I would appreciate it if you do not throw my name around so much ' cause from time to time I use it myself and I need it in good condition . second , I love Liz here a lot and I like lookin ' out for she and due respect but I have never hear of anyone seek private investor for a tv series so I be gonna ask around a little but finally , I be from lufkin , Texas . I be the son of a accountant for a timber company , I take home about 700 buck a week and I pay alimony , so the idea that I have $ 29,000 in the bank be pretty hysterical . but that say , I love you idea . lizzie , I will call you this week -- liz okay . charlie ( hand a tip to the driver ) -- and this be for you . driver thank you , sir . charlie ( quietly to the driver ) you think they be gonna sleep together tonight ? driver Sir ? charlie do not worry about it . ( to the other ) ( more ) 12 . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) hey , that Dan Rather report be something , be not it ? liz on India ? charlie ( beat ) Afghanistan . it do not matter . y'all have a good night . charlie head into the terminal as we CUT to : ext. / EST . capitol build ~ day preside officer ( vo ) all time have expire . the vote now occur on final passage of hr 312 -- int . house chamber - same time member be milling around and talk casually to one another . they come and go with aide . very informal . preside officer -- expression of the sense of the Congress that the Department of Defense should continue to exercise its statutory authority to support the Boy scout of America . member will vote by electronic device . charlie enter with bonnie , a aide . we will start to notice soon that most of Charlie 's staffer be woman and knockout . he will join a line of member who be step up to cast they vote . bonnie you want I to move the lunch to 12:30 ? charlie if you can do it without make anyone mad at I , if you can not then let 's move the thing at the other end and then -- bonnie yeah . charlie -- call that people and tell ‘em -- ( continued ) 14 . continued : bonnie right . . charlie what else ? bonnie Larry liddle 's sit in you office . charlie yeah , that be I , I say he could come in bonnie he want to talk to you about a creche . charlie a nativity scene ? bonnie on public property , the city 's make ‘em - ~ charlie shit , I think he be just come in to say hi . bonnie no. charlie hang on . charlie slide a ATM - type card into a small box -- bonnie what . charlie which way be I voting ? bonnie yes . charlie you sure ? bonnie yes . a young aide , donnelly , call over -- ( continued ) | | continued : as . { 2 } donnelly Congressman . charlie yeah . donnelly you have a moment ? charlie yeah . donnelly tip ask I to speak to you . charlie go ahead . charlie , bonnie and donnelly walk into -- int . speaker' lobby - continuous it 's a plush and well appoint room . on a desk to the side be two machine that be cough out occasional wire report from ap and UPI . the report be collect in basket underneath the machine and charlie head right over and start browsing through the headline . donnelly he want I to talk the you about John murtha . charlie sure . donnelly the investigation be move closer to the speaker 's office and tip know that the moment the prosecutor decide to go after murtha . charlie : well he 's there on the videotape . if I be the prosecutor -- donnelly yeah , he 's there on the videotape refuse the money . it 's right there . {continued ) = | continued : le . charlie ( from a wire report ) Eastern and Pan be be gonna lower they fare . donnelly yeah , ' cause of the braniff thing . but if I can get back to the videotape -- charlie sure . . donnelly look he meet with two man who he believe have a substantial line of credit that could provide up to a thousand job for the District . he do not break any law . charlie ( from a wire report ) this be pretty important . Buckingham Palace have announce that Prince William will not be know at billy , Bill or willy . donnelly Charlie ~ - charlie just willian . donnelly murtha do not do anything . he say , on the tape -- charlie no , he do not stop there . donnelly I know . charlie he say , this be verbatim , he say to two undercover Federal officer who would just try to bribe he , he say , " you know , you just make a offer . it might be that I change my mind someday . " donnelly and you want to know something ? ( continued ) | | continued : 17 . ( 2 ) charlie what ? donnelly I think he be just be polite . seriously . charlie really . donnelly I know it sound crazy . charlie no , no . donnelly anyway , murtha do not break any law but tip want I to ask you if -- charlie he want I to take a seat on the ethic Committee , donnelly yeah . charlie sure . donnelly I can tell he yes ? charlie I will do anything tip o'neill ask I to do . donnelly I appreciate that , Charlie . and the speaker 's gonna want to return the favor , so if anything in the future come up that you -- charlie yeah , I would like to be on the board of the director of the Kennedy Center . donnelly I be sorry ? ( continued ) continued : 18 , ( 3 ) charlie Congress appoint people to the board of director of the Kennedy Center . donnelly and you want that ? charlie it 's a great place to go on a date and I can not afford the ticket price . donnelly consider it do . charlie he should not have be in the same room with ‘em . donnelly . who ? donnelly e : report , charlie : murtha . he should never have be in the same damn room . donnelly yeah . charlie ( dismiss he ) thank you . donnelly thank you , Congressman . '' its . charlie continue look through the wire bonnie you do not think that 's a little crazy ? charlie murtha ? bonnie join the board of the Kennedy Center so you can get free ticket to the Royal ballet of Belgium . charlie hang on . ( continued ) continued : ( 4 ) bonnie it mean the office can get you -- charlie just a second . a wire story 's catch he attention -- CUT to : bonnie ( beat ) what be it ? charlie a a.p. story from Kabul . bonnie Uzbekistan ? charlie Afghanistan . ( make a map in the air ) Russia , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Iran , Kuwait , Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Israel . bonnie what do it say ? charlie they be gettin’ cream . bonnie we know that . charlie who 's the point man on black approps for the Defense sub-committee ? bonnie Jim Van wagenen . charlie have he come to the office right now , okay ? bonnie yes sir . 19 . 20 . int . charlie' outer office - day the outer office be fill with what 's know around the Hill as Charlie 's angel -- the tall , beautiful young woman who make up he support staff . in they defense , they seem very efficient . wait ina wait area be larry liddle , early 60' , and he daughter , jane , late 20' . larry have the well ~ scrubbed look of a man who play golf at a nice club but use to do muscle work . his daughter , jane -- despite the fact that she do not flaunt she sexuality in front of she father -- be clearly very attractive . she wear a business suit -- jacket and skirt -- and keep she mouth shut . after a moment ... receptionist the Congressman should be here any moment . he 's just come up from a vote . liddle I be sure it 's a important one . receptionist no , not really . be you sure I can not get you some coffee or anything ? liddle no thank you . jane I be fine . liddle now ... receptionist yes sir . liddle I hope you will forgive I if I sound like a , what do you call it , like a male chauvinist pig - - receptionist yeah . ( continued ) | continued : 21. liddle but it seem to I , look around , that it 's almost all woman work here and that they be all very pretty . be that common ? receptionist Congressman Wilson have a expression . he say you can teach them how to type but you can not teach them how to grow tit . liddle well that 's charming . receptionist | I do not offend you with my language , do I ? liddle no mar 'am , but I should tell you that I be the vice - president of Americans for american value . receptionist well if big tit be not a american walue , I do not know what be . liddle this be my daughter . receptionist well she would know . liddle now you be offend I . receptionist I be sorry . charlie come in -~— charlie Larry -- liddle ( stand ) Congressman . charlie for five - thousand buck every two year you get to call I Charlie . ( more ) ( continued ) | | continued : 22. ( 2 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) for ten -thousand you can call I Betty Sue and I will clean out you garage gutter , liddle this be my daughter , Jane . charlie I remember Jane . you be a 2l at smu . liddle no six , she graduate . pass the bar and now she 's get a job work for Ed bethune . charlie good for you . welcome to the United States Congress . you father and I be gonna talk for a second in my office . jane sure . charlie right this way . can we get you a drink , Larry ? liddle it 's ten o'clock in the morning . charlie in bangkok it 's like midnight yesterday or something , so -- liddle I be fine . they be into - — int . charlie' office - continuous charlie coffee , juice -- liddle no , you girl take care of I . charlie good . liddle Charlie -- ( continued ) | | continued : 23. charlie this situation with the creche . tell I about it . larry every single year since the world be young , a firehouse in the township of nacogdoches have display a creche at Christmas time . now the aclu have file suit against the township for display a religious symbol on public property . it 's Christmas time , it 's a creche . I could understand if we be in fuck scarsdale , but this be east Texas and I want to know who we be offend except two lawyer from the aclu . charlie that 's a terribly interesting and complicated question . let I suggest this though . a block and a half from the firehouse be a church . first Baptist Church of nacogdoches and they have get a beautiful roll lawn in front and you can pick that creche up and put it on church property and everybody go home happy . liddle there 's a larger point . here . charlie I be afraid of that . liddle the be a Christian country , Charlie , found on Christian value and belief . we welcome other faith to worship as they wish , but when you can not put a nativity scene in front of a firehouse at Christmas time in nacogdoches township , something 's go terribly wrong . charlie well not really , Larry , ' cause you can move the creche to the church and everything 's fine . liddle that 's not the point . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 } charlie help I with the point . liddle I break ground this morning on a dairy Queen in crockett , that 's my sixth in you district and it make I the large franchiser in the South , Charlie , now lemme tell you somethin' . my store be open from 6 be to 10 pm and we do not just serve cake and cone , we serve burger , shake and hot dog . charlie this be related to a nativity scene in nacogdoches how ? liddle I be say my store be part of the community . Police office eat there and i so do teenager . my employee and my customer find that creche inspirational and no one have receive one damn complaint , so I ask you again , whose xights be the aclu fightin ' for ? church within a six block area of that firehouse , you could always move the creche to one of they and ~- liddle that 's not the point . charlie okay , what can I do for you ? liddle you can intervene in the case against the creche Committee ? charlie how ? liddle you appoint the judge . pilner . charlie I do not appoint judge . I make a recommendation to President Reagan . charlie I do not know , but there 's like nine ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 3 ) bonnie enter with a note that she will show charlie -- liddle well I think -- charlie Excuse I , President Carter . liddle I think you and I both kmow what that mean and -— charlie I can not call a judge and tell he what to do . the note say " Jim Van wagenen " -- liddle why ? charlie ' Cause it 's against a whole shitload a law . Excuse I one second while I see a guy out here , okay ? by the way , I love Jesus Christ and he mother Mary as much as anybody . about 38 different church you can move the thing to . charlie and bonnie step out into -- int . outer office - continuous ~cwhere jim van wagenen , a young staffer be wait . charlie , without lose stride , take a moment to say - ~ charlie how 's it goin ' ? ~- to jane , the good look lawyer daughter of larry liddle before he take van wagenen off to the side . charlie 's get the Afghanistan a , P. story that he rip off the wire in the speaker 's lobby . charlie ( cont 'd ) hey , do you see this ? oim that 's lederer 's a.p. story out of Kabul ? charlie yeah . ( continued ) continued : cuT to : int , charlie' apartment / live room - night jim we be read that story every day now . charlie yeah , well , I guess , behind or something . you see Dan Rather last night ? jim yeah . charlie I do not know , 26 . tell I something . what 's the Defense sub- Committee 's budget for covert op against the Communists in Afghanistan ? jim all in ? charlie yeah . jim five million . charlie ( pause ) double it . jim I be sorry , sir ? charlie double it . Steve Miller 's " the joker " be play on the radio and charlie 's make a couple of drink at he bar . the apartment be like something out of Love american style or every teenage boy 's fantasy of what he bachelor pad 's gonna look like , but once in a while the camera may catch a glimpse of a photo of charlie with President Reagan or President Carter or with tip o'neill or Barbara Jordan . as charlie make the drink , which he 's good at , he talk to someone os in the bedroom . ( continued ) — — — — _ — _ ) > — _— —-_—- 27 . continued : charlie my commander write in a report that I be the best officer he would ever serve with at sea , and the worst officer he would ever serve with in port . you can look it up , I graduate from annapolis with more demerit than any midshipman in the history of the Naval Academy . jane come ont of the bedroom wear nothing but she blouse and smoking a joint . jane how do you achieve something like that , desert ? charlie almost . jane I hope you do not mind , I take off most of my clothes . . charlie yeah , no that 's great . come out here , I be gonna show you the best view in the District . jane ( the joint ) you want some of this ? charlie ( he drink ) I have get this . jane I like both . charlie that 's pretty good news for I . they have already walk out onto -- ext . charlie' terrace - continuous charlie ( point ) the iwo jima Memorial . keep go leave and you see rock Creek Park and the jefferson Memorial . ( more ) ( continued ) 28. continued : charlie ( cont 'd ) now follow the Arlington Bridge and you can see the Pentagon . jane the Pentagon . charlie yeah . jane ( beat ) I love this song . ( sing along ) " I be a joker . I be a smoker . I 'ma midnight toker . I play my music just for fun ... " ( she start to unbutton she shirt ) " I be a picker . I be a grinner , I 'ma lover , and I be a sinner ... " now how ' bout I show you the other best view in the District . charlie you really think you can beat the iwo jima Memorial , huh ? jane yeah . and now the phone ring -- charlie ( almost have to laugh at the timing ) Excuse I one second . charlie go back into -- int , live room — continuous -- where he pick up the phone -- charlie ( into phone ) hello . intercut with : | — _ e p 29 , int . joanne's dine room - same time joanne herring at 45 be sexier than she be when she be 25 . at the moment she 's get a huge seating chart spread out in front of she on the table and as she speak to Charlie she will move a place card or two from here to there , perfect she seating arrangement for a upcoming party . the camera may catch some of the name of she guest , which would include anyone from nolan Ryan and Bob hope to Ann Richards and imelda marcos . joanne that be a extraordinary thing you do today , Charlie . charlie I be sorry , who 's this ? joanne it 's joanne . charlie gosh , joanne , it 's great to hear from you . could I possibly call you back in just a little bit . joanne oh sweetie . be Ronald Reagan in you bedroom right now ? charlie no . joanne then I be considerably more important than whoever be . jane who 's that ? charlie ( to jane ) this will just take a second . {into phone ) I be all yours . what do I do that be extraordinary ? joanne " double it . " jane I be tell you do not have a girlfriend . ( continued ) 30 . continued : charlie {into phone ) what ? joanne '' double it . " you join the side of the angel . charlie shit , jo , I do not know what you be talkin ' about but if I do it would be classified and I do not know where you be gettin ' you information on the sub- Committee -- joanne what do you care , hon ? charlie what do I - - there 's national security concern , jane Excuse I . charlie ( into phone ) hang on . jane I be tell you do not have a girlfriend . charlie ( cover the phone ) I do not , this be not my girlfriend . jane who be it ? charlie i the sixth wealthiest woman in Houston . which be still pretty good . this will just take a second . ( back into phone ) okay , so -- hi , joanne do you know Charles fawcett ? charlie no . ( continued ) | | continued : 31 . ( 2 ) joanne do you know ricky di portinova ? charlie no. joanne Charlie fawcett 's be a passionate advocate for the mujahideen basically since the day the communist march through the kyber pass . he 's make a movie which I think be a beautiful and immutable articulation of the need for american aid to the afghan . charlie I be sorry , do you say he 's make a movie ? joanne yes . we be gonna run the movie this Friday night after a dinner party at the home of ricky di portinova . charlie you want I to come to Houston to see a movie ? joanne there will be whiskey , woman and wealthy donor . charlie ( beat -- seriously ) I be not a asshole , joanne . joanne just the opposite hot stuff . you be a Christian and you be a fuck patriot . charlie well thank you , but I be also one of 545 member of the Congress and what I do this morning be pretty much all I be able to do . joanne oh baby . you have no idea how much more you be about to do . I will see you Friday night . ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 3 ) dissolve to : title : part ii a rogue elephant in the Agency Woods . int . graver' office - day graver be the director of european Operations . for the CIA but it 's not important that we kmow that just yet . one wall of he office be glass , which look out onto a large bullpen of support staff . at the moment , a maintenance worker be put the finish touch on a replacement pane of glass . sitting across the desk from graver be gust avrakotos . gust 's appearance - ~slightly rumple jacket and tie , tinted glass , shoe that have be wear too much -- suggest that he 's a wholesale liquor distributor rather than what he really be , which be a 20 year veteran of America 's intelligence gather and covert service . one of the Agency 's most well connect spy . graver okay . well . it be hard for you to come in with you hat in you hand , that 's not the kind of -- the kind of upbringing I guess be the word I be look for - - it 's not the kind of man you be and I understand that . I have no interest in humiliate you or exact a price . why do not you just apologize , we will say it 's water under the dam and we will go about we business . . gust ( pause ) Excuse I , what the fuck ? graver ( beat ) it . cust what the fuck be you talk about ? graver claix George say you be come in here to apologize . ( continued ) | | 33. continued : gust I be suppose to come in here so you could apologize to I . graver accord to whom ? gust Clair George . graver you tell I to go fuck myself , I be suppose to apologize ? gust also , water go over a dam and under a bridge you poncy schoolboy . graver clearly there 's be a miscommunication between -- maintenance man Excuse I . graver yes . maintenance man do this look all right ? graver that 's fine . maintenance man I can sand down the caulk a little . graver okay . gust I have no fuck idea who this guy be . graver he 's fix the glass you break the last time you be here . ( to the maintenance man ) could you leave we for just a minute ? maintenance man yes sir . ( continued ) continued : he exit . 34 . ( 2 ) graver you tell I to go fuck myself and you think I be gonna apologize ? you break my window and you think I be gonna apologize ? gust the Helsinki job be mine . graver the Helsinki job be not yours . if it be yours , you would be in Helsinki . gust Alan wolfe stand in this office -- graver Alan wolfe -- gust it be on the book . graver Alan wolfe be no longer director of european Operations . he do not make that appointment , I do . ¢cust promise be make . graver not by I , cust I have be with the company for 24 year , I be post in Greece for 15 -- : papandreou win that election if I do not ' help the junta take he prisoner -- I have advise and armed the Hellenic army , I have neutralize champion of communism , I have spend the last three year study finnish , which should come in handy here in Virginia , and I be never ever sick at sea . so I want to know why I be not gonna be you Helsinki division Chief . graver you be coarse . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) cust Excuse I ? graver for Helsinki I need someone with diplomatic skill and you do not have they . gust be that right ? graver that 's right . cust and the 3000 agent Turner fire ? be that because they lack diplomatic skill as well ? graver you be refer to Admiral Turner ? gust 3000 agent . bach and every goddam one of ‘em first or second generation Americans . do they lack the proper diplomatic skill ? or do Turner not think it be a good idea to have spy who could speak the same language as the people we be spying on . graver ( almost laugh ) you can hardly blame the director for question the loyalty to America of people who be just barely Americans . gust well now I would like to take a moment to review the several way in which you be a douche bag . graver get out of my office before I end you career , asshole . gust yes six . 35 . gust step out into -- 36 . int . bullpen - continuous -- where he immediately see the maintenance man nearby and say -- gust Excuse I my friend , we be gonna need you again . -- and with that , gust take he .44 service revolver from he back and whip the butt against the new window pane , shatter it to the ground . graver shit goddamit ! ! gust ( evenly ) my loyalty ? ( beat ) for 24 year people have be try to kill I , people who know how . you think that 's because my dad be a Greek soda pop maker , or you think that 's because I be a american spy ? go fuck yourself you fuck child . gust return the gun to the small of he back . he wink at a secretary , who smile a little back at he . then - ~ gust ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) sorry everybody ! break it a second time be probably unprofessional ! and gust exit through the silent bullpen as we cur to : int . CIA cafeteria - day gust be push a lunch tray down the line with he friend , mcgaffin . gust there 's a woman in aliquippa , Pennsylvania name nitsa who think she 's a witch . she offer to put a curse on graver for I . mcgaffin yeah ? ( continued ) lo | 37 . continued : gust she ask I do I want a professionali curse or a health curse . I say a professional curse , ' cause , you know , while I would like to see graver get fuck hard and in all the wrong place , I do not wish ill-health should fall on someone . mcgaffin yeah . gust I give she 80 dollar . mcgaffin ( to the cashier ) I have get the meatloaf , my friend 's get the tuna salad . . cashier Seven dollar . gust she say , " you want evil to happen to he " , I say , " yes " . mcgaffin ( to the cashier ) do you get the brownie ? cashier , no sir , I do not , that 's another thirty cent . gust she say you gotta want it bad . I say I do , mcgaffin {to the cashier ) thank you . they make they way over to a table -- gust she do a thing for about 20 minute . mcgaffin with a potion ? ( continued ) 38 . continued : ( 2 ) gust no , just a incantation . then she say -- ( in Greek ) '' " teleeosay " . ( in English ) it 's do . mcgaffin how long do it take to work ? gust she say a health curse be right away but a professional curse be longer . ( beat ) I be read transcript of phone conversation between french and german general argue over office space at NATO hq . I analyze wire tap out of mercury Bay , New Zealand . historically a hot of anti-american activity . nobody ' 11 come near I , I be in the weed . mcgaffin you know a typical agency operative do not walk into he boss 's office and tell he to go fuck himself . twice . gust I just tell you that I pay a witch in Pennsylvania eighty dollar to put a curse on William graver . do I sound like a typical agency operative ? mcgaffin no. gust well then let 's assume I be not . mcgaffin listen . gust what. mcgaffin if you be really not do anything , why do not you come upstairs and work with we ? gust what be you do ? ( continued ) 39 , continued : ( 3 ) mcgaffin killing Russians . a moment ... then gust smile ... cust yeah ? mcgaffin yeah . CUT to : int . / ext . / EST . DI portinova mansion - night a black - tie party be underway . it 's a festival of obscene wealth and questionable taste . outside be a giant marble pool with a gold water slide . White canvas tenting have be construct to keep mosquito and normal people out and the tenting be buttone by chandelier the size of hyundais . the whole thing make dynasty look like it be shot at a radisson in San Antonio . while the camera make a tour of the grounds and the house , we be listen to a slave auction . female auctioneer ( vo ) we next slave girl be a Texas rise name Ashley rensler . Ashley 's pre-law at UT and she three sorority sister from Delta Delta Delta will wash you car or truck in special outfit they have choose just for the occasion . so who want they wheel clean clean as a whistle by a 19 year old lawyer and she three friend from tri-delt . let 's start the bid at $ 10,000 . and by now we be in the int . ballroom - same time where the auction be take place . the well - dress guest be drink , chat and bid on the woman be present up front . charlie stand in the archway with a drink . he 's be informally brief by he aide , bonnie , who may consult note from time to time . ( continued ) continued : 40 . bonnie in high school she be a local sweetheart name Sandy but everyone call she bucket for reason I doubt I need to explain to you . in college she ask to be call Sandy , then Sandra , then saundra with a " U " , then allisandra when she marry the Baron ricky di portinova , who get he share of the family money and build this house , which joanne be use tonight for the screen . charlie bucket be now a baroness ? bonnie yes . charlie God help I , bonnie , I love Texas . bonnie I know you do . a beautiful young woman , amber , step over to charlie - — amber Congressman Wilson ? charlie yes mar 'am . amber my name be amber Lee Harrison and I 'ma gift to you from Mrs. herring . I be 23 , my father be the president of Austin first National trust , I be work on my mba at Duke and I be you slave girl . charlie ( to bonnie ) you see what I mean ? bonnie yes sir . charlie it 's a pleasure to meet you , amber Lee . how much do you cost ? amber $ 12,500 . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) butler @ ( call out ) lady and gentlemen , if you would begin take you seat outside , the movie will begin . amber shall I escort you , Congressman ? charlie absolutely . cur : to : int . tent - night where many row of fold chair face a large movie screen . waiter continue to pass trays of champagne as guest be take seat . charlie enter with bonnie and amber . a man call out -~ man Congressman . bonnie ( whisper ) Fred . charlie freddie . man ( fred ) do I possibly hear right ? have you be appoint to the ethic Committee ? charlie yes sir . fred this be a joke , right ? charlie no sir . I like drink and run around with woman and the speaker feel we be under-represented . joanne {at a microphone ) would everyone take they seat , please . bonnie try to have a confidential moment with amber -- ( continued ) continued applause . . 42 . bonnie say , miss Harrison ? amber yes . bonnie I be bonnie bach , I be the Congressman 's administrative aide so I hope you do not mind ' cause I have to ask you : what be it you do for $ 12,500 ? amber I do not know , what do he like ? bonnie keeping he job . charlie ( come back ) I hear that , both of you , that be funny . bonnie look - — amber I be not a hooker . charlie she 's a slave girl , there 's a difference . ( to amber ) there 's a difference , right ? amber sure . charlie ( to bonnie ) see ? joanne ( from the microphone ) I be joanne herring , thank you so mich for come . joanne ( cont 'd ) and of course we all want to thank ricky and Sandy for the use of they beautiful ome . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) applause ... joanne ( cont 'd ) it 's be three year since the Soviet Union invade Afghanistan . Burning village , raping woman , kill score of thousand of innocent , humble , peace loving , God loving afghan , and send score of thousand more on a treacherous hike over the himalayas to seek refuge in Pakistan . Charles fawcett have make a film -- she 's interrupt by applause ... joanne ( cont 'd ) Charlie fawcett 's make a film that tell the story of this people and the urgent need for America and the rest of the world to help they . here it be . the light dim down and the movie begin . from the outset we can see that the production value and filmmake skill be brutally unsophisticate . there 's a narrator and a score lift from a Hollywood movie . two afghan on horse be badly dub in English . afghan # 1 Commander , what be we go to do ? the Russians be resorting to barbaric fight yet we can not fight back . we have no ammunition , we have no gun . how can we fight without weapon ? afghan # 2 how ? I '11 tell you how . and the movie screen fill with the title of the film courage be our weapon bonnie ( quietly ) oh dear God . charlie rnock it off . narrator ( vo ) during the day of Christmas , 1979 , the Russians take a giant and ruthless step toward fulfil a ancient plan ... or , more accurately , a plot . ( more ) ( continued ) - Z 44 . continued : ( 3 ) narrator ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) one of the most efficient and dreadful army sweep into Afghanistan . it be obviously ... and now we begin a series of dissolves ; sound bite and visual bite that take we through the movie as well as the audience 's reaction to it . we will see glimpsis of the terrible mountain condition this people live in and the antiquated gun they be use to fight . narrator ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) the mujahideen rightfully resent be call rebel . they be loyal patriot fight a enemy that have invade they country . dissolve to ; int , later a diamond cuff link get adjust while from the screen we hear -- narrator ( vo ) +.- and the Russians make another crucial mistake . have they study this dramatic history they would have be forewarn that no invade force , from genghis Khan to the british have ever succeed in ... dissolve to : int . later a champagne glass be refill while from the screen we hear -- narrator ( vo ) during the past three year , 2 million afghan have take the long and dangerous voyage across the mountain to the safety of Pakistan . afghan refugee we come across many mountain seven day and night ... dissolve to : int. later a cigar be light while from the screen we hear -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : narrator ( vo ) Afghanistan occupy a very strategic geopolitical position . a crossroad of route from Europe to Asia . various intelligence service have estimate ... dissolve to : int . later two waiter whisper to each other while on the screen - — afghan soldier # 3 since we do not have any effective weapon against bulletproof helicopter , they fly just 20 meter , 15 meter . narrator ( vo ) they fly overhead and pick they target at random , fire 6000 round per minute against a single cartridge of the antiquated rifle of the mujahideen . the horror of the Russian gunship ... dissolve to : int . later we see joanne at the side . her beautifully manicure finger be absently fondle the diamond encrust cross she 's wear around she neck . she look at charlie , who 's be watch the film poker - face . afghan soldier # 2 this Russians be atheist . afghan soldier # 3 no faith . no shame . afghan soldier # 2 if we have weapon , Allah would decide we fate . mujahideen leader we believe in victory . we believe in Allah . this beautiful nation will not be defeat . afghan soldier # 4 I will fight in the last moment of my life , till the last drop of my blood , until the elimination of the Russians . ( continued ) | | 46 . continued : afghan politician if America be go to help we , now be the time . narrator ( vo ) they can not win this war alone , but they will never lose it . courage be they weapon . the music swell and the film end to great applause . a stand ovation . ° ricky , whose full title be Baron ricky di portinova and who speak with a thick italian accent , try to get everyone 's attention by tapping a champagne glass -- ricky please . ( beat ) please . everyone quiet down . ricky ( cont 'd ) ( point to the mansion and the pool and the trapping of wealth and make a proclamation ) thees ! thees ees not realty ! opoint to the movie screen ) thees ees reality ! and everyone break into appreciative applause . charlie smile a little at the spectacle of it as we . CUT to : int . library - night a magnificent room with thousand of volume of unread book . charlie be scan the volume while bonnie and amber stand by . charlie he 's get a first edition of candide . 1759 . it be publish under the pseudonym , " Dr. Ralph . " ( pause ) here 's a copy of exodus sign by Leon uris ... teo Sophia loren . we will get to the bottom of that . monsieur de pourceaugnac , a comedy in three act by moliere . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : charlie ( cont 'd ) this be another first edition . spine gilt - lettere , marble end papers ... bonnie ( pause - - to amber ) what do you do for $ 12,500 ? amber let 's see , I will wash he car but sort of do it like the scene in cool Hand luke . charlie good scene . . amber I will read the sport section out loud to he . I will be a dinner companion . I can just walk around he apartment with a feather duster . bonnie and dust or just walk around ? amber just walk around . bonnie " Cause you be a Duke mba . amber I have to draw the line . the library door open and joanne enter . joanne I be so sorry for keep you wait . charlie no problem . joanne Charlie , look at you , you be the sexiest man in politics . charlie well I think you be the sexiest man in ' politics , jo , but thank you . joanne gixl , would you excuse we please . amber yes mar 'am , ( continued ) ee oooo 48 . continued : ( 2 ) joanne amber , you say hi to you daddy for I . amber sure will . amber exit . joanne ( to bonnie ) and dear , if you could ask someone for a bombay martini up , very dry ? bonnie oh , I be not ... a slave girl , actually , I be the Congressman 's administrative aide . joanne oh be not that wonderful for you . bonnie yes . joanne two olive , please . tell ‘em it 's for I , they will know . bonnie certainly . charlie give bonnie a look that say , " just do it and I will make it up to you . " bonnie exit . joanne what do you think ? charlie of the movie ? joanne yes . charlie well this be not exactly my field or anything , but the production quality seem a little amateurish to I . the sound and the lighting be a little - ~ ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) joanne yeah I be not submit the fuck thing for a Golden Globe nomination , Charlie , you know what I be talk about . charlie by the way , I think bucket ' husband , the Baron , may have boost Sophia loren 's copy of exodus . joanne Charlie ~ - charlie I be a member of the House sub-committee for Defense Appropriations , do you think I be not aware that the Soviet Union have take Afghanistan ? joanne yes , I believe my government be aware but I be wonder what they be think of do about it other than boycot the Olympic , which I think you will agree be a fairly impotent response to the great national security threat we have face since the Cuban missile crisis . charlie : well I do not think make more movie be gonna do the trick either , if that 's what you be ask . joanne it 's not . what I be ask be be exactly how much power do you have as a member of the sub-committee . charlie which one , I be on two . joanne foreign Operations . charlie 49 other member and I hand out 11 billion in foreign assistance . joanne and the Defense sub-committee ? 49 , ( continued ) | | continued : 50 . ( 4 ) charlie we budget be hide . joanne it 's also unlimited . charlie yes . joanne you sit at the vortex of the State Department , the Pentagon and the CIA . you meet in a soundproof room in the rayburn Building , and you preside over a secret and unlimited budget for the three agency you would need to conduct a covert war . be not that right ? charlie I also have seat at the Kennedy Center . joanne be not that how you be able to double the CIA budget for black approps in Afghanistan just by say so ? charlie why be you only ask I question you already know the answer to ? joanne . I want to know why Congress be say one thing and do nothing . charlie well ... tradition mostly . amber step in with drink for both joanne and charlie on a silver tray . amber pardon I . joanne . thank you . amber ( to charlie ) Jack Daniels on the rock ? charlie thank you . ( continued ) si. continued : ( 5 ) amber exit . @ joanne why 's the CIA run a fake war in Afghanistan ? charlie they be do everything they can . joanne they be do it badly . charlie the CIA 's arming the mujahideen , where do you think they be get they -- joanne they be arming they with 12.7 mm dish - k machine gun which would be good except the Soviets have specifically armor - plate they hind helicopter to resist a 12.7 mm shell . we sell Pakistan the F ~ 16' but refuse to equip they with " look down , shoot down " radar . why will not the U.S. give Pakistan 's pilot the same equipment we be give the Israelis . if for this be a real war , State would issue a @ White Paper outline the Communist threat the way they do in El salvador . if this be a real war , there would be a National bipartisan Commission on Afghanistan head by Henry kissinger the way there be for Central America . if this be a real war , Congress would authorize $ 24 million for covert operation like you be do in Nicaragua and if this be a real war , the nsc would dramatically increase the strength of the mujahideen through direct training and weapon , charlie what be it you want I to do , jo ? joanne I want you to save Afghanistan for the afghan , deliver such a crush defeat to the Soviets that communism crumble , and in so do , end the cold War . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 6 ) charlie ( pause ) and I will tell you , I would do it too , but I have get this dairy Queen problem in nagadoches - — joanne come here . charlie hm ? joanne come here . charlie take a few step toward joanne and she meet he halfway . they be stand very close and as she speak it almost seem like she 's either go to kiss he or slide she hand down he pants ... joanne ( cont 'd ) I know you think of yourself as a drunk and a fuck up but you be not . you have such greatness in you . and you be need now . I do not care how many woman you sleep with , that 's what great man do , and by the way , pick up the phone and I will show up anywhere you say , wear anything you like , and I will fuck you till you black out . you should believe everything you have hear about I . charlie move away and light a cigarette . charlie what be it exactly you want I to do ? joanne go to Pakistan and meet with Zia . charlie who 's Zia ? joanne Mohammed Zia ul - haq . charlie you want I to meet with the President of Pakistan ? joanne I have already arrange it . ( continued ) 53. continued : ( 7 ) charlie you have arrange . a meeting between I and the President of Pakistan . joanne yes , you be go to Israel next week to see Zvi rafiah about the lavi jet , I want you to tack Pakistan on to the end of the trip . charlie I have underestimate you . joanne yeah do not ever do that again . charlie I be gonna do . this for you , jo , ' cause you save my ass once with the pro-lifer , ' eause I owe you my seat in Congress , and because that black out thing sound interesting to I , but I gotta tell you , I be elect by Jews . . joanne how many Jews do you have in you district ? charlie Zero . but congressman be not elect by voter , they be elect by contributor and mine be in New York , Florida and Hollywood because Israel 's man on the Hill and I do not know how they be gonna feel about I take up the cause of Muslims , joanne well that 's you problem . charlie yes it be . joanne go fight this war and win it , Charlie . everything possible be on the line , include you manhood . charlie I be afraid you be gonna say that . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 8 ) dissolve to : title : part III the Israelis break the Congressman 's heart and he Falls for the muj . int . restaurant - night charlie be have dinner with three israeli businessman , one of whom be zvi rafiah . we should notice that charlie 's less carefree and more on edge than we have see he . he 's piss about something but he 's hold it in . 2vr Israel have no natural resource to export . you have say it yourself , Charlie , all we have get in Israel be brain and you can not support a economy by export cello player . zvi and the two businessmen laugh . charlie do not . he just take a sip of he drink . title : Jerusalem businessman # 1 we need a defense industry . this would provide job , it would prevent we aerospace talent from leave for more challenging job abroad and it would be a catalyst for develop -- charlie U.S. military - assistance grant can only be use to purchase american make weapon , businessman # 2 we would be more politically indebted to you than any supporter of Israel in either the Senate or the House . charlie we be give you half a billion dollar for the lavi jet . ( continued ) 55 . continued : businessman # 1 you do not understand , we want to build the plane . 2vr he understand . businessman # 1 the job that this would create in the -- charlie we need job too . the guy at General dynamics and General electric need job too . boe , mcdonnell Douglas , lockheed Martin , they like job . we be pay for the jet but the contract be go to american company , do not be ridiculous . and you be already politically indebted to I . that be not the charlie they kmow ... the table 's silent until 2 VI give charlie a friendly pat on the forearm ... zvri ( pause ) Old friend . what 's troubling you tonight ? charlie I be just there , I just see it . zvi you be just where ? charlie sabra and shatilla , I just see it . I think the press account have to be blow it out of proportion so I go to see it myself . oh my God , Zvi ... what the fuck happen ? 2 vI exactly what you have be tell happen . lebanese Christians come in and begin slaughtering the Palestinians . charlie this be suppose to be a surgical strike against the plo . there be mass grave back there , the place be still on fire . they just tell I the body count 's up to 900 , it 's three day and they be still pull body out . 900 civilian . ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) businessman # 2 @ Charlie , terrorist be civilian . charlie it can not seem to you like I be in the mood to fuck around with a technicality , I be ask you what happen . businessman # 1 ask the lebanese . charlie I be ask you . businessman # 1 why ? charlie ' Cause I be there . the camp be secure on three side by israeli soldier and israeli sentry tower 75 yard from where the fourth side 's a wall . there 's a most of the kill take place . silence ... Zvi ( in Hebrew to the two businessmen ) would you leave we for a moment , I want to talk to he alone . businessman # 1 ( in Hebrew ) yeah . the two businessmen get up from the table and disappear to the bar area of the restaurant . charlie 75 yard away . you sentries let the lebanese soldier in . ( beat ) do not they . they watch while it happen . Zvi I be not there . I do know that the hunt for the plo be not a dainty one . ( continued ) continued : zvi take 57 . ( 3 ) charlie do you get that we be the only friend you have get and it make it a much tougher sell when you -- 2 vI do not lecture I , Charlie . ( pause ) it may seem righteous to you , to I it just seem childlike . a drink and a drag off he cigarette . charlie you xxe suppose to be the good guy . I do not think that 's childlike . zvi that 's because you have friendly neighbor to the north and south and ocean to the east and west . you have one enemy and you keep a eye on he from outer space . you would see the world differently if you country be smaller , you people be hate and you border surround . if some of we enemy want to kill some of we other enemy , I say it 's one less headache for we . I do not lose much sleep over dead Palestinians . and if you live in my neighborhood for a week , you would not either . charlie ( pause ) I be go to see the President of Pakistan tomorrow . it 's a courtesy meeting , arrange by one of my supporter . zvi and you be feel guilty about that and that 's why you put on this college girl display tonight ? charlie he want more money for the mujahideen . 2 vI very wise . have you enemy help kill you enemy . ( continued ) | | L 58. continued : ( 4 ) cur to : charlie Afghanistan be not we enemy . 2vi well that 's just a matter of time . you will see who you can talk to about the lavi jet ? charlie yeah . 2vr good . let 's order dinner . int . corridor - day charlie and bonnie be be silently escort by two pakistani steward . title : presidential Palace Islamabad , Pakistan bonnie I will wait here . steward yes . charlie thanks . bonnie sit in a chair in the corridor as the steward walk charlie a few more foot down the hall and open the door to -- int . solarium - continuous --~ where zia , President of Pakistan , be wait with a few aide . steward {in punjabi ) Mr. President , this be Congressman Charles Wilson . ziaa Mr. Congressman . ( continued ) 59 . continued : charlie Mr. President . 2 ia joanne herring speak very highly of you . charlie thank you , sir . 2ia this be two of my brightest advisor when it come to the problem of the Soviets . Mr. abdour rashid and Mr. mahmood . rashid how do you do . charlie please to meet you . mahmood how do you deo . charlie please to meet you . 2 ia you must be thirsty , can we get you a drink ? charlie {to a nearby butler ) as a matter of fact I would love one . a glass of ice and any kind of whiskey . Rye , canadian or you can feel free to show I something new . there 's a awkward moment with the butler ... ata I be sorry , Congressman , we do not have alcohol in the presidential -- charlie of course you do not , I apologize . fruit juice be fine . rashid {to the butler in punjabi ) fruit juice . ( continued ) continued : 60 . ( 2 ) charlie I will bet a lot of people make that mistake . ala no , charlie okay . rashid you understand the situation on we border . charlie yes sir , I think I do . mahmood you think you do . charlie yes sir . rashid Three -million afghan refugee be live like poorly treat livestock , another two-million afghan have fle to Iran . mahmood and two -million more angry man be just what the doctor order for Iran , would not you say ? rashid people be die by the ten of thousand and the one that be not be crossing into Pakistan everyday . mahmood would you like to know how many ? one fifth of Afghanistan now life in Pakistan 's Northwestern Frontier Province . zia so what we be wonder be why the fuck you State Department would send someone here who think he understand the problem ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie ( pause ) well I be not send here by my State Department , Mr. President , I be ask to come here by a friend of yours in Texas . this be a courtesy call . 2ia I do not need courtesy , I need airplane gun and money . charlie well we just double the CIA budget for covert op -- rashid from five- million to ten-million . mahmood be that a joke ? charlie no . rashid be that mean to be a funny joke ? e@ charlie no sir . zia I think what they be say be that ten - million dollar from the U.S. to fight the Russian Army be such a low figure that it could be mistaken for a joke . charlie I understand , sir . the U.S. be eager to assist you . rashid no you be not . mahmood you be not . rashid I go to Oxford and I know what that word mean . the U.S. be not eager to assist we . ( continued ) continued : 62 . ( 4 ) charlie it 's my understanding that we offer to sell you F - 16 's and you do not want they . zia because you refuse to sell we the radar . rashid so fuck that . zia and this be emblematic of american fence ~ sit when it come to fight the Soviets , rashid so fuck it . zia you sell we the plane but not the radar . you offer afghan rifle from the first World War and Soviet gunship be kill everything they can find - ~people , animal , food supplies ~ - mahmood fuck it . charlie yes . rashid you sell the Israelis the radar . so that 's why he say fuck it . charlie again , I understand , listen , Mr. President , Mr. mahmood , Mr. rashid -- I be in a little over my head here . I 'ma congressman from lufkin , Texas , I do not even have seniority . I have a hunch joanne may have dramatically overstate my power when it come to ...uh , end communism . I have a seat on a sub - committee that -- look , I be sure the CIA be work on a solution , both in term of arm and money . my chairman - ~- 2ia the arm and funding should flow through we . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 5 ) charlie I be sorry ? zia that 's be part of the problem . the arm and the funding should flow through we . we have experience with warfare of this kind and you CIA have a unimpressive track record . charlie I would not say that . 2ia they miss 35,000 Russian soldier walk into Afghanistan . charlie well I do not want to use up any more of you hospitality , so I will take you message back to -- zia let I walk you to the door . charlie yes sir . 2 zia take charlie to the door and stop he there to speak privately ... . zia you be a man of many character flaw . charlie ( pause ) thank you . zia I mean I learn about you before you come here , and I learn that you be a man of many character flaw . charlie zia but I learn that you never promise anything you can not deliver . will you promise one thing to I ? ( continued ) continued : 64 , ( 6 ) charlie what 's that , Mr. President ? aia will you go to the khyber pass ? right now today . will you go to the khyber pass and see with you eye what 's happen here ? charlie ( pause ) I 'il arrange it through the embassy . zia thank you , Mr. Congressman . charlie thank you , Mr. President . the door be open for charlie and he step out into - ~ int . corridor ~ continuous ~- where the steward accompany he and the wait bonnie back down the hall . bonnie how do it go ? charlie there be three of they . it be like get slap around by a pakistani vaudeville team . you know you have pretty much hit rock bottom when you have be tell you have character flaw by a man who hang he predecessor in a military coup . bonnie can we go home now ? charlie no . we have to make another stop . bonnie where ? charlie the khyber pass . bonnie why ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : charlie because I say so . as charlie and bonnie continue down the hall , we hear the sound of low fly helicopter and then the voice of a young afghan boy speak in Arabic - - afghan boy ( in Arabic ) I be walk to the well to get water . cuT to : ext . refugee camp / hospital it 's a beautiful vista , with the khyber pass in the background . unfortunately in the foreground be a huge city of tent and mud hut , interrupt only by large , m.a.s.h. - like hospital tent where it 's stand room only . translator ( vo ) I be walk to the well to get water . the afghan boy 's voice over , as well as that of the translator continue as charlie and bonnie step out of a truck that be part of a three - truck military motorcade . bonnie and charlie be accompany by both military and civilian guide . afghan boy ( vo ) ( in Arabic ) I see something shiny on the ground and it look like a toy . translator ( vo ) I see something shiny on the ground and it look like a toy . afghan boy ( vo ) I reach down to grab it and when I do it explode in my hand . translator ( vo ) I reach down to grab it and when I do it explode it my hand . afghan boy ( vo ) I should have know . because only a few week ago my five year old sister pick up a piece of candy - ~ ( continued ) 66 . continued : translator ( vo ) I should have know . because only a few week ago my five year old sister pick up a piece of candy -- afghan boy ( vo ) -- and it split she in two . translator ( vo ) -- and it split she in two . and with that they walk into -- int . hospital - continuous as bad as you would expect . voice begin to dissolve into one another as we see charlie take in what 's around he , particularly the face of young boy , each of whom be able to bravely and casually meet charlie 's stare . as charlie and the group be walk slowly through the hospital tent , we continue to hear the voice of witness speak through a translator . afghan man ( vo ) ( in Arabic ) something be shaking we house . translator ( vo ) he say something be shaking they house . afghan man ( vo ) ( in Arabic ) we run outside to see what it be . translator ( vo ) we run outside to see what it be . afghan man ( vo ) ( in Arabic ) it be the rotor from the helicopter . translator ( vo ) it be the rotor from the helicopter . afghan man ( vo ) and when we run outside , that 's when they open fire . ( continued ) ' I continued : translator ( vo ) and when we run outside , that 's when they open fire . afghan doctor ( vo ) ( not need translation ) they take 40 villager . and as a example to the other , they tie they up and pile they like wood . then pour gasoline over they and -- the group . walk out of a flap in the tent and into - ~- ext . tent CITY - conriinuous ~- and they begin surveying the nightmare as the voice continue dissolve into one another . refugee ( vo ) ( not need translation ) - ~ about 350 people in three small village near Kandahar . but instead of do it all at once , they would make the parent watch as they slit the throat of they child . refugee # 2 ( vo ) ( in Arabic ) they take 14 of we and line we up against the wall -- translator ( vo ) they take 14 of we and line we up against the wall -- refugee woman ( vo ) ( not need translation ) -- after we start recite the Holy kalima from the Holy qur 'an we -- translator ( vo ) -- raping woman , stabbing the pregnant one with knife -- refugee # 3 ( vo ) -- the Russians pour a substance on the live bocly which cause instant decomposition . ( continued ) 67 . 68 . continued : at this point , charlie be stand away from the group and stare out at the khyber pass off in the distance , a open in the mountain where for century afghan have be able to see invade force come into they country . a refugee woman , from a long distance away , begin run toward charlie and scream . charlie , lose in he thought , do not even hear or notice the woman until she 's practically on top of he . she 's grab at he and scream , which startle he at first . but almost as soon as this happen , afghan men have run over , drag she off and throw she to the ground . charlie ( shouting ) it 's all right ! I be fine ! ' she do not -- she do not do anything , it 's all right ! ( to the translator ) what be she say to I ? translator '' you have to kill the godless one . why will not you kill the godless one ? '' charlie ( shouting to the men , who be shouting at the woman ) it 's all right ! translator ( explain ) she should not have touch a man with she hand . charlie walk away from the shouting to get some space . bonnie come over= ~ bonnie you be all right ? charlie : yeah , I be all -- yeah . listen , do something for I . I want to go back to the city . I want to see the CIA Station Chief in Islamabad . bonnie yes sir . cur to : 69 . @ int . american embassy corridor ~- night it 's a unimpressive place , it could be the administrative wing of a inner-city junior high school . bonnie and charlie walk down the corridor to a door mark office of cultural affayr . charlie buzze a buzzer . a agent open the door . charlie I be Congressman Wilson , the State Department cable that I would be - ~ agent sure , c'mon in . they step into -- int . CIA office - continuous nothing much . a bullpen with a couple of agent work late . agent ( call across the room ) Howard ! @ ( to charlie ) Howard hart 's gonna brief you in the next room . she will need to stay here . bonnie you be allow to speak directly to I . hart ( call ) Congressman . charlie yeah . charlie walk over to hart ... hart I be Howard hart , I be the Station Chief . charlie Charlie Wilson . hart I understand you get quite a tour today . ( continued ) continued : hart hate int . briefing room - continuous 70 . charlie yeah . hart that can be pretty unsettle . charlie yeah . hart leok , normally , a congressional delegation , we would give they a courtesy briefing on the situation , but as you can see it 's pretty late and we do not have a lot of time anyway , so -- charlie make time . hart hm ? charlie ( quietly ) fuck courtesy , Howard , I be a member of the House Defense Appropriations sub- Committee . I have a plane wait on a runway for I . I need a full classified briefing and I need it now . this and he 's not gonna spend a lot of enexgy hide that as he work the combination to a lock on a door . he open it and he and charlie walk into -- hart close the door behind they . there be map and chart all over the wall . hart 100,000 Soviet troops in all . charlie a hundred - thousand . hart the 40th army be garrison in the city and airport . 7th and 6th infantry division here in Kabul , 18th in mazer~e - Sharif , 4th armore -- ( continued ) | | continued : 71 . charlie anything inside ? hart I be soxry ? charlie do they control anything inside ? bart Soviet advisor have appropriate the afghan Intel service and the ministry . charlie which of the ministry ? hart all of they . anyway , the 4th armore cover bagram Air base and the 7th acmore ~ — charlie why be not we shoot down the helicopter ? hart I be sorry ? charlie the helicopter , Howard , why be not we give they something with which to shoot down the helicopter ? hart the helicopter be a problem . charlie you think ? hart congre sman -- charlie they 'ze shoot at Soviet gunship with enfield rifle . that 's basically what davey crocket use . hart do you want the briefing ? {continued ) | 72 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie : I want to know why they have not shot down a helicopter . hart the Soviet hind gunship have be specially armor plate to resist ~ - charlie yeah . I kmow . so you tell I what you need to shoot " they down . hart what do you mean ? charlie tell I what you need . hart De you want this briefing ? charlie do you understand that I be say tell I what you need and I will go about get it for you . hart I appreciate you generosity , Congressman , but a sudden influx of money and modern weaponry would draw attention . charlie ( beat ) it ... what ? hart a sudden influx of -- charlie it would attract attention ? hart yes . charlie I do not even understand what that -- this be the cold War , everybody know about it . hart should I continue with the briefing ? ( continued ) | continued : ( 3 ) charlie have you be to the khyber pass ? have you hear this storey ? hart I be require to give you a briefing , Congressman . should I continue ? charlie no. ( pause ) no . thank you . cur to : int . airplane - night 73. it 's a C - 130 military transport plane , which can hold about 300 people but which be virtually empty tonight . just charlie , bonnie and maybe 20 other people in the whole cabin . several miniature liquor bottle sit in front of both charlie bonnie as well as what 's leave of a salad or sandwich . charlie 's be stare out the window into the night . turn and look at bonnie sit next to he . bonnie look back at he ... bonnie ( pause ) be you have a mid-life crisis that 's start now , that 's start right this second on the airplane ? charlie I have a neighbor grow up with a name right out of . Charles dicken . Mr. hazard . and Mr. hazard do not like the neighborhood dog mess up he flower bed . and one day I hear a whole crowd scream next door so I run over to Mr. hazard 's . about 15 people be stand around my dog , teddy , who be writhe on the ground in very obvious agony . blood be pour out of he mouth . my mother be there too , and she would not let I go near the dog ' cause she be afraid he be rabid . Mr. hazard have ground up some glass and put it in a bowl of dog food and feed it to he . bonnie what do you do ? and then he just ( continued ) continued : cur to : charlie I burn he flower bed down . but that be not satisfy enough . and I remember that Mr. hazard be a elect official , he be head of the town Council and he re-election every two year be a foregone conclusion . so on Election Day , I drive over to the black section of town , which have never vote in this election . I be only 13 but I have a farmer 's license and I drive over and fill my car with voter , drive ‘em to the polling place , wait , and then drive " they home . and before they get out of the car to vote , I would say , " I think you should know that Mr. hazard poison my dog . " 400 people vote in that election , I drive a 96 of they to the poll . hazard lose by 16 vote . I knock on he door and I say that , " you black constituent have just vote yon out of office . do not kill anymore dog . " and that 's how I fall in love with America . ( beat ) what time do we land ? bonnie 7:30 a.m. in DC . charlie I want the CIA in my office at ten . a Assistant deputy director or higher . tell ‘em if I do not see . someone at ten o'clock I be gonna start docking they allowance at a rate of one- million dollar a minute . bonnie yes sir . int . conference room - day gust , mcgaffin and two other agent be stand around map that have be spread all over the conference table . they drink coffee and smoke cigarettes . mcgaffin 's on the phone but we can not hear what he 's say . 74 . ( continued ) continued : 75 . agent # 1 the 5 n45' , rpg - 2 grenade and 81 mm mortar be come into Pakistan by air and sea , here and here , and then truck take ‘em to the afghan border . agent # 2 then we take ‘em across on mule , which be run more than we think ? gust the mule ? agent # 1 they're $ 2,400 a piece . plus we have gotta get ‘em check out . gust for what ? agent # 2 disease . Foot and mouth , plus they have the get they ear clean . gust the mule be gettin’ better health care than the afghan . agent # 2 also it 's gonna be extra if we want ‘em pre-train . gust to do what ? agent # 2 walk over a mountain with ammunition on they back . gust be not they bear with that instinct ? be not that something they want to do naturally ? and do you think the country of Afghanistan will ever get it together enough to build some fuck road ?! mcgaffin hang up the phone . mcgaffin gust . ( continued ) 76 , continued : ( 2 ) gust e@ what . mcgaffin . I have get something for you . CUT to : int . charlie' outer -office ~ day the clock on the wall read 9:58 . receptionist he should be here any moment . gust do not worry about I , I be fine . we see one of charlie 's staffer , jailbait , go into a open office and begin talk to bonnie . we can not hear they conversation and we be not on they long ' cause after a short moment the front door open and charlie enter . charlie good morning . e receptionist good morning , Congressman , welcome back .. staffer welcome back . charlie Suzanne . staffer # 2 welcome back . charlie marla . ( to gust ) who be you ? receptionist this be gust avrakotos . he 's come over from langley to give you -- charlie no . I say a Assistant deputy or higher . ( continued ) 77 . gust Assistant deputy do not come to the Hill unless they be gonna testify . I be the guy you want to talk to , Congressman , I be on the afghan desk . charlie you be on the afghan desk . gust yes . charlie well I would not be too proud of that , I just get back from there . gust I know , that 's a helluva flight too . nine hour fly time against the jet stream , you probably have to stop in Brussels , plus the time difference ? I would be a little grumpy myself . charlie I be not grumpy ' cause of the plane . gust we want to give you this -- ( hand charlie a bottle of scotch ) --' cause we know you like single malt . it 's call talisker and it 's mention in a Robert Louis stevenson poem call " the Scotsman 's return from abroad . " " the king 'o drink , as I conceive it , talisker , islay or glenlivet . " charlie who be you again ? cust gust avrakotos . CIA . charlte ( to the receptionist ) have bonnie come into this meeting . they walk into -- int . charlie' office - continuous 3 ~- where charlie close the door . ( continued ) continued : 78. charlie what 's the gift for ? gust it 's a thank you from the afghan desk for double the budget for the mujahideen . charlie well thank you . gust it be nothing . charlie it 's a nice bottle of scotch , it 's hard to get . cust no , I mean double the budget be nothing . ten million dollar for covert op against the Soviet ammy be meaningless , what be you , a infant ? charlie now hang on a second -- I can not remember you name . gust gust avrakotos . charlie Gus avrakotos ? gust yes. charlie can I call you Gus ? cust well my name be ' gust ' with ' T 's but I do not care . charlie 15 hour ago I offer Howard hart the key to the safe . I stand in the office in Islamabad , I say how much do you need , and I get the distinct feel I be annoying he . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) gust well Howard hart 's a massive tool , Congressman , he 's a cake eater , he 's a schoolboy , he 's a bad station chief and I do not mean to cast aspersion on a guy but he 's gonna get we all kill . charlie how do he expect to defeat the Soviets in Afghanistan without ~ - he say a sudden influx of money and -- gust yeah a influx of money and new weaponry would draw - - he 's not try to defeat the Soviets , charlie what the heil be you talkin’ about ? there 's a knock on the door and bonnie let herself in with a slip of paper and hand it to charlie who read ... bonnie ( to gust ) I be the Congressman 's a.a. , bonnie bach . gust gust avrakotos . charlie ( off the note ) gust , I need the room a second . gust sure . gust exit -- charlie - ( call ) jailbait ! jailbait , Charlie 's press secretary enter with another staffer , suzanne , who close the door . charlie ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , everybody calm down , tell I what 's happen . ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 3 ) jailbait @ a justice Department task force that be form last year to investigate report of sex between member of the House and they male intern have recently widen to include the use of recreational drug by senator and congressman . suzanne do you know a guy name Paul Brown ? bonnie . he do not have ~ - do not answer anything : right now . ( to jailbait ) keep go . charlie shit. jailbait . Paul Brown , under investigation by Federal prosecutor for fraud -- charlie he want I to invest in a tv show for @ Liz . jailbait he 's say he witness you do cocaine nine time in a fantasy suite at caesar 's Palace . Brian Ross at NBC be break the story . charlie all right . guy . I be in Las Vegas with Liz and Paul Brown ' cause she want I to talk to he about -- we be in a hot tub and there be cocaine -- I do not have any . I would like you to go in the other room and start on a statement . you should get stu on the phone . all right , it 's gonna be all right . ( call ) gust ! gust come in as the staffer exit - ~ gust Problem ? ( continued ) | 81 . continued : ( 4 ) charlie @ no . what do you mean he 's not try to defeat the Soviets ? gust he want to bleed they . payback for viet nam . make it so they just have to keep send troops in and keep send troops in and money until they just go out of they fuckin ' mind like we do . charlie be you tell I that U.S. strategy in Afghanistan be to have Arabs keep walk into machine gun fire until the Russians run out of bullet ? gust no , that 's Howard hart 's strategy , that 's not U.S. strategy . charlie what 's U.S. strategy ? gust strictly speak we do not have one , but @ we have be work hard on that . charlie : who 's we ? gust I and three other guy . bonnie pop she head in and motion -- charlie yeah . ( to gust ) Excuse I . charlie go out into -- int . outer - office - continuous -- where the staffer read charlie what they have scratch out -- ( continued ) continued : jailbait ( read ) " Representative Charles Wilson have learn he be join several member of Congress who be under investigation by a justice Department task force - - " bonnie do not say ' task force ' it sound too important , it sound like elliot ness be run the thing . charlie who be run the thing , who 's the prosecutor ? suzanne rudolph giuliani . from the Southern District . bonnie you know he ? charlie no . suzanne and it 's be go on forever , we should say that . jailbait '' Representative Charles Wilson have learn he be join several member of Congress who be under investigation by the justice Department in what be now a 18th month long , wide - range examination that have result in no conviction . " bonnie ( dictating ) '' Congressman Wilson have not be charge with any crime , nor have he be question by authority . he deny any allegation of illegal or improper behavior and will fully cooperate with the ongoing investigation . " charlie run it by stu . charlie go back into -- 82. 83. int . charlie' office - continuous charlie you and three other guy . gust yeah . charlie well I be tell you what I tell hart . I can get you more money . the ten million be a joke ? Fine . what do you need ? gust it 's not quite that simple . charlie why the hell not ?! gust " Cause it 's a covert operation , when a afghan freedom fighter get capture , he can not get capture with a american - make weapon on he ' cause that 's how a cold war turn into a actual war and that 's something you want to keep a good eye on . can I smoke ? charlie yeah . gust we have to arm the muj with weapon it look like they plausibly could have capture themselves . charlie ( pause ) we need to arm they with Soviet weapon . gust yeah . and we be gonna need a gun . bonnie stick she head in -- bonnie it 's stu. charlie ( pause - ~ then ) would you excuse I for a -- ( continued ) b4 , continued : gust @ yeah . gust exit . charlie ( to bonnie ) you should be on this . bonnie grab a extension . charlie ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) stu ? . {beat ) no , it 's gonna be fine . it be a party in Las Vegas , lot of drug , lot of people I do not know . I be with Liz wickersham and this guy , Paul Brown who want I to invest in a tv show for Liz . ( beat ) I do not know . ( beat ) I do not know , it be gonna be like Dallas set in Washington , stu , what do it matter ? @ ( beat ) okay . charlie and bonnie hang up -- bonnie will Liz back up you story ? that you be not use ? charlie it 's the truth , bonnie . bonnie will Liz back it up ? charlie why would not she ? bonnie her picture do not get in the paper ' less yours do . charlie put the release out , ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) bonnie @ you kmow what ? you never should have be in the same fuckin ' room . bonnie exit ... gust come back in and close the door . charlie Soviet weapon . gust or weapon that can be make to look like Soviet weapon or buy on the black market . charlie you say you need a gun . gust a 20 mm canon with a range of 1500 kilometer , high accuracy and kill portable . charlie probability , armor pierce , mule mule portable . gust yeah . charlie be there such a gun ? gust the swiss make one call the oerlikon . charlie it can shoot down a Soviet gunship ? gust yes . charlie now we be gettin ' somewhere . gust I want to buy two or three of they , put ‘tem in the field and see how we do . charlie : two or three . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 3 ) gust yeah . ( beat - ~-quieter ) listen , Charlie ? charlie what good do two or three do ? gust ( beat ) the limo driver . charlie why not buy fifty ? ( beat ) what ? gust you take a limo from caesar 's to the airport . it 's easy enough to track down the driver and hand he a subpoena and ask he if anything be go on in the back seat , so , in term of cover — - charlie you be listen at the door ? gust I be not -- charlie you be stand at the goddam door and listen ? gust no -- charlie how could you -- that 's a thick door ~ - you be just stand there and -~ gust Charlie , I be not stand at the door , do not be a idiot , I bugge the bottle . the scotch . charlie what ? gust yeah , it 's get a little transmitter on it , I have get a thing in my ear . ( continued ) | | 87 . continued : ( 4 ) charlie I do not believe this . gust look — -— charlie who the fuck be you ?! gust Charlie , Charlie , take it easy . it 's a joke , it 's a way of break the ice . I be gonna tell you about it but then I have to leave the room for a second " cause , you know , ' cause you be get indicted . charlie I be not get indicted . be there camera in here ? you be gonna try to get I to say something as stupid as John murtha do ? gust that 's a little paranoid , Charlie . charlie you be right . could you just take the bug off my scotch bottle now ? gust sure . charlie settles himself down and get to what he really want to talk about ... charlie ( pause ) I see two kid who would have they hand blow off when they pick up something shiny . gust toy bomb . bomb that look like toy . charlie Fox child to pick up . gust yeah , ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 5 ) charlie @ they be raping woman . gust yeah , charlie and bayonett the pregnant one . gust ' it 's as bad as it can be . charlie then why do you want to buy three oerlikon when we should be buy fifty ? gust hm ? 1 charlie see ? you think you be gonna be the crazy person in this scene . National Security directive 63 say that Soviet invade force " will be repell by any mean necessary . " it authorize the CIA - - " that 's you -- to submit a plan to '' build we own capability to project force into the region " and " to assist other country in the region to deter and diminish internal and external threat to stability . " gust you memorize it ? charlie the CIA shall submit a plan to be approve by Congress . submit I a plan . gust listen , Charlie , you have have a long flight , you be under stress , you be under arrest — ~ . charlie I be not under arrest . would you like a drink ? gust sure . 4 ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 6 ) charlie should we try the scotch or do it release serin gas when you open it ? gust I do not think so but open it over there . charlie go to the bar and begin make the drink ... charlie how would a guy like you get into the Agency ? gust you mean a street guy . charlie you be not James bond . gust and you be not Thomas jefferson , so let 's call it even . charlie deal . gust since there 's no other reason I should be here , let 's assume it 's because I be very good at this . charlie . they have to shoot down the helicopter , they need at least 50 surface to air -- gust that 's gonna cost a lot more than ten million dollar . charlie and I say for the fourth time that I can -- gust how ? how be you gonna get the approval of Congress when they be say no to the contras which be a request make by the President . charlie because I sit on the sub-committee for defense appropriation . and when a black approp make it out of we committee , the full body have to vote on it blind . ( more ) ( continued ) | | continued : 90 . ( 7 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) they know the dollar amount but they do not know what it 's for . so theoretically , you 10 million dollar can become 200 million without anyone really notice but the Russians . gust because Congress would not know what it be voting on . charlie that 's correct . gust I guess it be only a matter of time before ineptitude could be harness for good . charlie that 's right . gust all you need be the 49 other Committee member ? charlie no , all I need be the Chairman . gust Doc Long . charlie Doc Long . gust and with Doc 's back , you will get enough vote from the other Committee member . charlie this be my sixth term in Congress and my great legislative achievement be get re-elect five time . my other achievement be that I hold more iqu 's than any member of the House . it help that I represent the one district in America that do not want anything . they want a government contract , a army base , @ papex product hall of fame ... they want lower tax and they want to be able to carry a gun . I vote yes a lot . {continued} continued : 91 . ( 8 ) gust be it possible I be talk to the one member of Congress who can get something do in Afghanistan ? charlie you be . gust and you want to buy 50 oerlikon . charlie as well as the ammunition and any capture Soviet weapon the Israelis and egyptian have . shoulder - mount grenade launcher , stinger , AK ~ - 47' , money , training , organization ... I be not interested in bleed the Russians , gust , I be interested in kill they until they leave . ( pause ) pack a bag . be ready to fly to Jerusalem tonight . dissolve to : fade in : part iv the Congressman take his belly dancer to the Jihad int . restaurant - day charlie , gust , zvi , and two men be have lunch in the same restaurant we be in earlier . charlie we need you Zvi , you be gonna be we man inside the israeli parliament . . avi I be not in the israeli parliament . {continued ) ' , ' | 92 . continued : title : charlie that 's what gonna make you so effective . Jerusalem charlie ( cont 'd ) nobody 's get you muscle with the tenth knesset , nobody 's get you relationship with the speaker and we be gonna need you arm around menahim when he find out we be work with Egypt and the Saudis . ( to gust ) tell he . gust hm ? charlie tell he why we need he . gust I be not say anything . charlie why not ? gust ' Cause I do not know who the fuck this two other guy be . charlie they be bodyguard . gust not ours . charlie Jesus . ( to the bodyguard ) fellas , can I buy you lunch at another table . zvi ( to the bodyguards~ ~ in Hebrew ) go ahead , but keep a eye on the door for I . bodyguard ( in Hebrew ) yes sir . ( continued ) | | 93 . continued : ( 2 ) the bodyguard get up and step away ... 2 VI just to sum this up in a nutshell , you want I to move Israel toward to a partnership with Egypt , Pakistan and Afghanistan ? charlie and Saudi Arabia . Zv1 well a couple a problem I can foresee off the top of my head -- charlie . look ~ — avr Charlie -- charlie I know . zvi Pakistan and Afghanistan do not yet recognize we right to exist ! charlie let 's calm down . zvi we just get do fight a war with Egypt , and every person who 's ever try to kill I and my family have be train in Saudi Arabia . gust that 's not entirely true , Zvi , some of they be train by we . charlie ( to gust ) shut up . ( to zvi ) he 's get a sense cf humor that 's -- it 's a acquire , you know -- Zvi , look at I . this be the front of the cold War . it 's not in Berlin , it 's not in Cuba , it 's not in Czechoslovakia , it 's in a pile of rock in Afghanistan . this be the only people who be actually shoot at Russians . ( more ) ( continued ) | | continued : 94 , ( 3 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) you and I know we have gotta put Soviet weapon in the hand of the mujahideen , and you and I know where the large stockpile of Soviet weapon outside the Soviet Union be . zvi I can not tell you offhand how many and what kind of weapon we have confiscate . gust I can . you have get 1108 AK - 47 , aks - ~47 , akm , akm , AK - 74 and aks - 74 assualt rifle . you have get 346 mosin -nagant bolt - action rifle and 109 rpg - 7 anti-tank grenade launcher , 221 dragunov 's , that 's the sniper rifle , and the tank . zvi which tank ? charlie the Soviet t- 55' . 2vi we do not have any T - 55' . gust ( show he ) this be keyhole - 1 satellite photo of a five - wheeled chassis tank , that 's not the mki1 , that 's the T - 55 and it and four other be sit 12 mile from here . charlie all in , $ 35,500,000 . avr which you will be able to appropriate . charlie yes . zvi without anyone in the press ask about it ? gust good news there , ' cause the press be gonna be busy ask he about a weekend in Vegas and he pend arrest on charge of narcotic possession , ( continued ) continued ; | | 95 . ( 4 ) charlie gust -- zvi oh shit , Charlie . charlie it 's fine . 2 VI be this true ? gust for we purpose it do not really matter . charlie thank you . gust I be just explain to he that as long as the press see sex and drug in you leave hand , we can park a battle carrier group behind you right hand and no one 's gonna notice , Zvi what the hell happen ? charlie I be in a room with some people and one of they need to give a name . avr how many other people be gonna need to give a name ? charlie I do not know , it really do not matter -- 2vvi it do matter , charlie . it 's not germane to -- avr Charlie -- ( continued ) | | continued : CUT to : 96 . ( 5 ) charlie -- this people who be fight and die and get massacre in they house . now for the love of fuck Christ , will you help we help they shoot down this helicopter ? 2vr ( pause ) I love you , Charlie , you be like a son to me. but you be a grow man who still have not learn to look both way before he cross a fuckin ' street . ( beat ) yes , I be in . charlie thank you . zvi ( point at gust ) I do not like this guy . charlie I know how you feel . zvi what happen now ? charlie you come with we to Cairo . 2vvi I be hope you be gonna say that , ' cause I do not have enough trouble stay alive in my own country . this be gonna be run professional ? gust absolutely . we will be talk to the deputy Defense Minister while he boss get a belly dance from a friend of Charlie 's . avr oh God . gust she 's suppose to be good . 97 . ext . airport tarmac - day a completely unmark 727 be idling with a stair unit pull up to the open door . charlie , gust and zvi wait at the foot of the stair with they overnight bag . the bodyguard hover neaxby . a sedan pulis up on the tarmac . a couple of israeli official hop out and help carol shannon out of the car with she bag . carol be a professional belly dancer . probably the best in America . she smile as soon as she see charlie and charlie smile back and calis - - charlie ( call ) Carol ! carol hurry over and when she reach charlie , give he a long kiss . carol hi. charlie you get in okay ? carol sure. great . people meet I at all the airport . charlie I xeally appreciate this . carol well this be the most exciting opportunity , you know , of my life . {in he ear ) and you never have to thank I for anything , 2ni ( extend he hand ) Young lady I be Zvi rafiah , I be a arm dealer . carol Carol Shannon , very nice to meet you . charlie and this be ...hm -- ( to gust ) - chow do we do this ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : gust I be gust avrakotos , I be with the U.S. Department of Agriculture , Animal and Plant Health inspection service . charlie ( to carol ) lemme take you bag . charlie do and they begin up the stairway . gust notice that zvi be just stand there ... gust {to zvi ) you body guy do not look so good . zvi just look at he ... gust ( cont 'd ) the last time you be in Egypt , you be drive a tank , be not you . {beat --give he endorsement ) okay , you be all right . - they start up the stair as we cur to : int . airplane - later we be in mid-flight . the plane , which hold 170 people , have about 11 passenger . zvi be sit near the bodyguard . charlie , gust , carol and bonnie sit near each other . they have get drink and work in front of they . charlie you know this be a historic plane . it 's mandate by the Camp David agreement . one flight per day between Israel and Egypt . bonnie ( the empty plane ) and clearly Israelis and egyptian alike have be clamoring to take advantage of it . Carol , the embassy 's send I a protocol memo for you . carol what 's that ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : bonnie @ do 's and do not . ( off the memo ) do not sleep with a man you be not marry to , do not be too friendly , do not perform any suggestive move ~ - carol what ? bonnie -- like a pelvic grind , and you can not show you bare arm , leg or mid-section . carol it 's a belly dance . how do I not be suggestive to say nothing of conceal my mid-section ? gust honey , I would do what they tell you . carol what will they do to I . gust *. @ they will arrest you , they be not kid around , carol neither be I . a belly dance be mean to make someone feel powerless over a woman and sexually subjective . gust and that 's right up a Islamic man 's alley . carol I dance the way I dance and they can arrest I after I do . Excuse I . carol move to the back of the plane . '' bonnie I will talk to she . maybe a fishnet body stock or something . gust yeah , that will not be sexually provocative . e bonnie head of to join carol in the back of the plane . ( continued ) | | continued : cur to : ( 2 ) charlie her father be a hard line Baptist who do not allow dance , and when he would catch she in she room dance to the radio he would hit she . I do not mean he spanke she , he punch she in the face and she be like six , she grow up and study belly dance and become a expert . she 's dance with the Houston symphony . Dallas . that 's how we be gettin’ in the Defense Minister 's door , this be a command performance , anyway , incredibly , she marry another hard line Baptist who hit she when she dance . a State legislator name Joe Shannon . gust what do you do about he ? charlie well ... I sleep with he wife . but not before I rally the democratic party to the side of he republican opponent and end he political career . gust just like Mr. hazard . charlie ( beat ) how do you know about that ? gust last night at the hotel . you girl , bonnie , she tell I about the dog that would bring down the Soviet Union . charlie ( laugh a little ) that 's xight . hazard and Joe Shannon . ( tipping he drink ) here 's to you , you motherfucker . 100 . 101 . int . mystery lounge - night carol be in the middle of she dance with she music playing . although there be about a dozen man stand or seat at one of the nightclub type table , carol perform she dance for a audience of one -- the defense minister , who 's sit in the center of the room on what appear to be a large beanbag chair , though we know it 's obviously something more expensive . she pull off she giant veil that 's tie at the hip and then use the veil to create frame in which she strike pose . then she slide the veil around the defense minister 's neck and ignore it . charlie , gust and zvi be sit with hassan , the egyptian deputy Defense Minister , at one of several nightclub style table that have be set up . several egyptian bodyguard stand around the perimeter , and Zvi 's bodyguard be also present . title : Cairo hassan attack one Muslim and you attack all Muslims . the day of judgement shall pass . on that day , God will take the vengeance of we oppress people who have be drive from they land . fear God and fear his vengeance upon that who oppress his bumble servant who submit to him in slam . charlie {beat ) well I be not sure I understand all of that , but gust want to know about the sa - ~ 7 grail surface to air missile you have . he think they may have be store poorly . hassan when this weapon help capture a platoon of Russian soldier , praise Allah , we will see off they head and send they cold decaye body back to Moscow while they skull hang in the center of afghan village . ( continued ) lf . .kroWoe — — — — 102 . continued : charlie well ... what. you do with they skull be really up to you , but we question be -- hassan the sa - 7's be store properly . gust we do not want ’em , Charlie . they be gonna be corrode and the circuitry 's gonna be blow . hassan that 's a extraordinary woman . carol be perform chest isolation and figure eight movement with she hip as the defense minister grip the veil around he neck . charlie the Defense Minister seem to be enjoy it . hassan what do you mean by that ? charlie ( beat ) nothing . I do not -- gust he do not mean anything . you be not gonna unload the sa - 7's on we or the spaag anti- aircraft . zvi Excuse I , but what about the oppression of my people . hassan what ? charlie what ? 2vi you say " fear God 's vengeance upon that who oppress his humble servant who submit to he in Islam " . what 's you feel about his servant who submit to him at the foot of mount sinai ? ( continued ) continued : 103 . ( 2 ) charlie do we have to do this now ? zvi I be about to arrange for 35 million dollar worth of gun to be put in the hand of Muslims and I be wonder who they be ultimately gonna be point at . hassan I mean no disrespect . zvi really . and at that moment , carol pull a sabre from its sheath , which make the defense minister' bodyguard jump toward the action -- carol have stare st charlie ( jump up ) wait ! it 's part of the dance ! it 's part of the dance ! ( to hassan ) tell ‘em it 's part of the dance . hassan ( in Arabic to the bodyguard ) it 's all right , it 's part of the dance . remain perfectly calm and focus during this , raight at the defense minister . the bodyguard back off and she continue where she leave off . charlie and gust sit back down ... gust you have Soviet -license factory that can put out kalishnikovs at a rate of 50 a week , be that correct ? hassan that 's correct . carol have take the sabre and after wield it several time over the defense minister 's head , point it directly at he throat . the bodyguard jump -- charlie / gust ( shouting together ) it 's part of the dance !/ it 's part of the damn dance ! ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) charlie Jesus Christ . gust what about city warfare device ? hassan like what ? gust bicycle bomb , limpet mine , plastic , trip , wire mine ? hassan yes . gust we be gonna want ‘em . hassan good , because we must show the Russians the same brutality they have show the afghan . we will set fire to they alive and dance around they in celebration as they burn , killing Russians in any corner of the earth be the great obligation and the most excellent of way to gain nearness to Allah . zvi well that 's a nice bonus for you then . charlie why do not we just enjoy the performance . and carol once again wield the sabre over the defense minister 's head and point it at he throat . everyone in the room tighten a little bit as she slide the tip of the sword from the man 's throat down to he groin . once she have it there , she lift she eye past the defense minister to meet the warrior gaze of he bodyguard and we cut to : int . airplane ~ night this be a Air Egypt jet and the cabin be reasonably full . bonnie 's asleep in she seat . so be carol . charli£ and gust sit next to each other with drink . after a moment ... ( continued ) | | continued : 105 . gust where I grow up , which be aliquippa , Pennsylvania , there 's a 97 year old woman who think she 's a witch . and I pay she 80 dollar to put a curse on my division Chief . charlie ( pause ) I do not -- what ? gcust she come from a order of woman in ancient Greece who be intermediary between the lord of the underworld and the god of Olympus . the Greek Orthodox Church be the first church , it be found right after the death of Christ , and nitsa - - that 's the witch ~ -- she incantation do not come from the back of a magazine , they come from the bible . and she treat magic like science and science like superstition . she say she would get rid of my division Chief , who wronge I , because " curse be he who do the Lord 's work remissly , curse be he who hold back he sword from blood . '' she be quote jeremiah . charlie how long have she be like that ? gust like what ? charlie : ( beat ) I do not know . crazy . gust exactly what difference do you see between nitsa and the people we be about to go into business with ? charlie you know there , sundance , I be not the one who give she 80 buck . pilot ( vo ) good morning , lady and gentleman . Captain Harrison from the flight deck . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) pilot ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) we will be beginning we initial decent inte Washington 's dulle airport in about ... gust I have a briefing set up for you at langley . we need to talk about who will get the gun . i cuT to : int . briefing room - day charlie and gust , along with mcgaffin and three other expert listen to a briefer . there 's a slide up . a map of Afghanistan with a dozen unconnected shade area . the name of each group be inside the shade area along with a dollar amount . briefer the mujahideen do not act as a unify resistance , but rather several disparate and uncoordinate guerilla force . . charlie can they be train to fight as a army ? briefer Afghanistan 's barely a country . no phone or road outside the city . it 's likely that a villager would live he life without have contact with another village three mile down the road unless he be go to war against they . mcgaffin the most successful rebel to date be in the panjshir Valley . they be call the United Front or sometimes the Northern Alliance . we have earmarke they for 10 million in weapon and 10 to 15 CIA Agency advisor for training . charlie do they have a leader ? mcgaffin Ahmad shah Massoud . he 's Tajik so he 's not well like by the pashtun . charlie the Tajik and the pashtun have a problem with each other ? ( continued ) continued : cuT to : 107 . gust they say when a Tajik want to make love to a woman , he first choice be always a pashtun man . ( silence ) I have be on a lot of airplane in the last few day and it 's funnier in the original urdu . briefer there 's also another group we like that 's gain momentum . they be just a couple of year old , they be fund by a wealthy Saudi aristocrat . they observe a fairly radical brand of fundamentalism but they be do a heck of a job wreak havoc on the Russians . we would like to earmark 10 million for they and another 10 - 15 CIA advisor . expert # 1 what 's they name ? briefer they call themselves the base . in Arabic that translate to Al Qaeda . all right , this next slide be of Gulbuddin hekmatyar , also a man to watch ... charlie {quietly to gust ) I have get everything I need . I be go to see doc. gust good luck . int . doc long be office - day Doc be in he 70' with the look and aix of a mad professor . he 's eat lunch at he desk and he 's not necessarily someone you want to watch eat . a plaque sit in he desk : the golden rule '' they that 's get the gold make the rule . " charlie stand in front of the desk . ( continued ) | | 108 . continued : charlie she 's not a stripper , actually , she pose for playboy . boc what 's the difference ? charlie I be not sure , really , but it do not matter . doc be not that what every politician say right before they be throw out of politics ? charlie I be not here talk to you about politics . doc Afghanistan , Egypt , Pakistan and Saudi Arabia be totalitarian dictatorship that would like to blow the only democracy in the region into the ! Mediterranean . charlie the Israelis be gonna be on board , Doc well 2 vi rafiah 's out of he mind . charlie Doc ~ — boc this people be draconian thug and in a evil~and - twisted derby between the Communists and the fundamentalist , it 's six - to - five and pick them as far as I be concerned , so if one of ‘em want to kill the other I pretty much consider it a public service murder , charlie you be wrong about that and you know you do not mean it . boc in Pakistan a blind girl be rape and there 's a witness . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 109 . ( 2 ) poc ( cont 'd ) except in Pakistan you need four witness . so the rapist walk away and the blind girl 's in prison . you know why ? charlie fornication . doc that 's right . how much money do you say you want I to give this people again ? charlie we have be run covert op through Zia since he take power -- doc which he do by execute he democratically elect predecessor . charlie Nonetheless -- boc Nonetheless ?! charlie yes six , he be the only one willing to shoulder the risk of directly training and funding the mujahideen , while Egypt and Saudi Arabia - - Doc what would the Saudi involvement be ? charlie match any funding from Congress . boc match it . charlie yeah . boc so when you say 40 million to I , we be really talk about 80 million . charlie just 40 from we . Doc but 80 for they , {continued ) 110 . continued : ( 3 ) . charlie @ Doc , take a trip with I to the border . see what I have see . they be farmer and they be child mostly and they be fight we enemy for we and that should be impossible for America . it should be impossible for America to sit on the bench while little boy and they mother fight we enemy . all you need to do to change that be to support I in Committee , mx. Chairman . come with I to the border . doc I be sorry , Charlie . double from five to ten million be one thing but this I be not gonna get behind . you get anything else ? CUT to : int . charlie' outer office - day charlie walk in -~ receptionist 6 good morning , Congressman . I know jailbait want to talk to you about -- charlie hang on . he 's take out a small , well - use black phone book from he pocket , flip to a certain page and begin dial . intercut with : ext . joanne's swoumming pool - same time joanne appear from out of the water in a bikini and answer the ringing phone -- joanne hello . charlie it 's Charlie Wilson . joanne tell I what 's happen . ( continued ) iil . continued : charlie I meet with Zia and I be work with a CIA expert on get israeli and egyptian weapon , plus the swiss oerlikon , into the hand of two particular afghan resistance group . it all hinge on the money . so listen up . I need you to call Doc Long and whatever it be you do to I , do to he . I be gonna give you he direct dial number , it 's - ~ joanne I have get it . joanne hang up and we stay in charlie' outer office as jailbait step out -~ jailbait welcome back . charlie thank you , that 's a nice skirt . jarilbait thank you . the Washington Times want to know if you have ever be in rehab . charlie and you tell they ...? jailbait that you will not go to rehab ' cause they do not serve liquor there . charlie and that 's why you be the press secretary , boo-boo . bonnie ( step out ) Charlie , I have get stu on the phone , can you jump on ? charlie yeah . and by now , charlie 's make it into -- int . charlie' office - continuous -- where he pick up a phone and hit a button . ( continued ) | | 112 . continued : charlie ( into phone ) hey stu , it I . ( listen ) all right . ( listen ) all right . ( listen ) she 's not a stripper , stu , she pose on the cover of ~ - ( hang up ) ~- what the hell difference do it make ? charlie put a couple of ice cube in a glass and pour himself . a drink . bonnie come in . charlie ( cont 'd ) they be talk to Liz today . bonnie yeah . guiliani subpoena the limo driver . charlie hm . that 's what gust say he would do . bonnie well the limo driver say he do not see anything . charlie he do not see anything . bonnie so guiliani 's subpoena every limo driver between Arlington and Silver spring to see if any of they can recall you use cocaine . charlie hey what make you tell gust the story about teddy ? bonnie who 's teddy ? charlie my dog when I be a kid . what make you think to tell he that story ? ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 2 ) bonnie ( beat ) I do not know , I be -- suzanne step in -- suzanne joanne herring on the phone . charlie pick it up -- charlie ( into phone ) it 's I . intercut with : ext . joanne's pool - same time joanne ( into phone } we be all leave in the morning . I will fly in tonight . buy I a drink . charlie yes mar 'am . joanne thank you , Charlie . they both hang up . bonnie I do not mean anything by it , sir , it be just -- charlie no , do not worry about it . we be go to Pakistan again in the morning . cor to : int . WASHINGTON night spot - night it 's late , and charlie , gust , joanne and the woman from Charlie 's office , include jailbait and suzanne but not include bonnie be sit around a couple of table and laugh . they have be drink a while and they be close the place . charlie should we get another round ? one more ? ( continued ) 114 , continued : everyone happily agree ... gust say joanne ? can I call you joanne ? joanne yes . gust you will want to dress considerably more modestly when we be at the border . joanne well thank you , but I have be passionately involved with the cause of the afghan for three year and I have be there many time . gust ( pause ) okay , well then I '1l just go fuck myself . charlie I know you two would hit it off right away . suzanne lean in -~ suzanne Congressman , stu 's on the phone . you can take it at the bar . charlie thank you . charlie head over to the bar ... joanne ( to gust ) how would you hook up with Charlie ? be you also passionately involved with cause of the afghan ? gust no , I just be not really do anything else . charlie ( call back ) I know you two would hit it off . charlie 's go ... ( continued ) ? continued : 115 . ( 2 ) joanne I mean how do you get into the CIA ? gust I do not , I be with the Department of Agriculture . joanne food and Plant division . gust specifically apple import . joanne you do not seem like the type . gust I know . joanne where be you from ? gust what do you care ? joanne be you a catholic ? gust I be Greek Orthodox , Mrs. herring . joanne that 's still Christian . gust imagine my relief . joanne what 's you problem with I ? gust I have find in my business that when people with time on they hand start mixing religion and politics , I start forget who I be suppose to be shoot at . joanne that would be the apple import business ? gust yes mar 'am . ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 3 ) joanne @ I will have to remember that . gust please do . charlie come back ... charlie that be stu . it 's over . ( call to he staffer ) everybody . that be stu on the phone . it 's over . suzanne Liz do not name you ? charlie no she do , she say she witness I use coke once in the Cayman Islands . I be go home . jo , gust , most important trip of you life tomorrow morning . get some sleep . good night , everyone . ( to the manager , indicate the two table ) mario , this be all I , okay . on @ mario yes sir , charlie exit ... joanne I do not understand . suzanne she stay out of jail without give he up . joanne she do give he up . suzanne not within the justice Department 's jurisdiction , she do not . we be back in business . ( to gust ) and you do not see God 's hand in this ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 4 ) gust I guess reasonable people can disagree but I do not see God anywhere within mile of this . on the other hand , if you sleep with I tonight I will betchya I could change my mind in a hurry . joanne oh you would . I will see you on the plane . CUT to : ext . charlie' car - night it 's a large lincoln and charlie turn on to the Key Bridge to cross from D.C. into Virginia . the news be on the radio and after a report of record rainfall in the plane state be a report on a Soviet victory in some village in Afghanistan . estimate of the number of afghan kill in the attack . charlie ( to the radio ) hang on , boy , the yank be comin' . bam ! ~— charlie rearnend a Honda , send it into the railing of the bridge . he screech on he break . charlie ( cont 'd ) shit . charlie look behind he and throw the car in reverse , back himself up to the disabled Honda . he roll down the window . charlie ( cont 'd ) be you guy all right ? man in car what the hell be you do ?! charlie be anybody hurt ? man in car no thank God , but what the hell be you -- charlie ( to himself ) shit . ( continued ) 118 . continued : he think for a quick moment ... then hit the gas and peel out and we CUT to : int . charlie' apartment — night as charlie come in the door , clearly shake . he go right to a phone and pick it up and we cor to : int . bonnie' apartment ~ same time bonnie and she date be in bed . the date be try to remove bonnie 's bra . after a moment ... bonnie you want I to do it ? date I can get it . bonnie ( beat ) it 's a clasp . date I can get it . the phone ring . bonnie 's able to pick it up without move away from the work she date be do . bonnie ( inte phone ) hello ? intercut with : ext . charlie' balcony - same time charlie 's stand out there with the phone . charlie it 's I . something 's just happen . bonnie I hear from stu. ( continued ) continued : 119 . charlie no not that . I be drive home -- bonnie what happen . charlie I hit a car on the Key Bridge . everyone 's okay but I fle the scene . bonnie what be you talk about ? hang on . ( to the date ) take a break for a second . charlie you get a guy there ? bonnie Charlie -- charlie I have nine manhattan at the restaurant , bon , I have get a blood - alcohol of who the hell know what , I have get to close the deal with Doc tomorrow in Pakistan , I have to be able to leave the country , I can not get arrest tonight on a DUI . bonnie well it 's not anymore , it 's a hit and run . you drive a car the size of the USS coral Sea and you plate say " Texas 2 " . ( to the date ) really , you should stop now . charlie who 's the guy ? bonnie what do it matter ? charlie be he funnier than I ? bonnie I be gonna call stu. charlie we need to figure out a way for I to leave the country in six hour . ( continued ) continued : 120 . ( 2 ) bonnie by the way , right now ? this second ? I be commit misprision of a felony . charlie I really do not want to know what you do with you boyfriend . bonnie look - ~ charlie get I on the plane , bonnie . charlie hang up ... he take a deep breath as he look out at the DC skyline . CUT to : ext . afghan refugee camp - evening a official party mingle among the refugees . charlie stand apart ... look out over the khyber pass . joanne come up . joanne Doc 's eat this up . charlie yeah . joanne forget about the accident , Charlie , nobody be hurt . you know you need to step outside the minor pitfall of you own life and look at the larger picture . there 's a reason you car do not flip over , you know what it be ? charlie my car weigh two ton . joanne God want you to be here . charlie when do this start , joanne ? joanne what . ( continued ) continued : doc long i: boc turn 121. charlie nothing . joanne you have help get here today . charlie yes , my committee oversee the budget for the DC Police Department . joanne you be a prophet . charlie get some help already , would you ? 's head over and call - ~ Doc Charlie ! ( come over with a bullhorn ) Charlie . they want you to say some remark . I think you should . charlie I think you should , doc. poc really ? charlie yes sir . b Doc I be feel a little emotional from what I have - - you know - - from what I have see here . charlie that 's fine . toward the crowd -- several hundred afghan - ~ and begin speak into the bullhorn -- boc my friend ! joanne ( to charlie ) Nice touch . ( continued ) | | 122 . continued : ( 2 ) translator ( in arabic into he own bullhorn ) my friend ! Doc ( into bullhorn ) uh ... my son serve in viet nam . the translator translate ... : i doc ( cont 'd ) he be wounded in battle fight against the Soviet oppressor . after the translation , the crowd go crazy at the mention of the " Soviet oppressor '' . Doc ( cont 'd ) so I be no stranger ... no stranger at all to the horror and atrocity of the Communists ! the place go crazy after the translation and we start hearing - —- crowd allahu akbar ! allahu akbar ! doc as God be my witness today , this Russian gunship , every last one of they , will be blow clear out of the sky . the crowd be now in a state of religious ecstacy . they be absolutely come out of themselves . and the crowd 's reaction have doc long feel a purpose and a righteousness he 's never feel as he voice grow stronger Doc ( cont 'd ) we will see that you have gun !... we will see that you have training ! joanne grab charlie and kiss he ... doc ( cont 'd ) I be a simple man , and this be a simple matter . good versus evil and I say to you that America will always be on the side of good and God will always punish the wick ! allahu akbar ! allahu akbar ! God be great ! God be great ! ( continued ) 123 . continued : ( 3 ) the place explode . joanne be near tear . gust lean in to charlie ... gust this be gonna all start to get interesting now I think . dissolve to : black title : part V : here 's to you , you motherfucker fade in : ext . the sky - day we hear the staccato chopping of helicopter rotor grow louder until we see three Soviet MI - 24 assault gunship - - one in the lead , two in back -- come into view . int . soviet helicopter - same time two pilot sit in tandem while six other russian soldier be seat and armed for combat . the mood be relaxed and jovial . the Russian be subtitle . pilot # 1 ( into radio in russian ) gardeyz , 2 kilometer south -southwest . check six . pilot # 2 ( in Russian ) no bird but we . killing season . CuT to : ext . afghan village ~- same time villager be flee into they house from the sound of the approach helicopter -- but not all the villager . a half - dozen be stay outside as a tarp get yank off a huge gun -- the swiss oerlikon - - a anti~aircraft canon . one of they begin shouting instruction to the other five as we cur to : a 124 . e int . helicopter - same time one of the soldier in the back light a cigarette . pilot # 1 ( in Russian ) she say she do not think I be the kind of guy who can be serious , which be xidiculous , ' cause I have have many more serious relationship then she have . arming gatling . gunner ( in russian ) Roger , fang out . pilot # 1 not many more , necessarily , but at least as many . Arm at - 2c . pilot # 2 Roger . CUT to : ert . afghan village - same time rd the six muj be frantically readying the oerlikon . this be not a rehearsal . a gunner strap himself into the gunner strap and shoulder rest , elevate and aim the gun manually and we CUT to : ext . the sky - same time the helicopter -- one in front , two in back -- approach a mountain pass and begin to lower they altitude . int . helicopter - same time pilot # 1 ( in russian ) one kilometer , south -southwest , you can arm you swatter . gunner ( in russian ) Roger , arm swatter atgm . ( continued ) 125 . continued : pilot # 1 ( in russiay ) also , define serious relationship . what do that mean ? cur to : int . afghan village - same time the trunnion Operator raise and lower the trunnion column on a pedestal mount to accommodate the position of the gunner . villager be watch from the cover of they house . and now the three helicopter appear from around the side of a mountain . two loader prep the barrel of the oerlikon as we CUT to : int . helicopter - same time pilot # 1 ( in Russian ) monogamous ? be that what she mean ? gunner ( in Russian ) in range . cur to : ext . afghan village - same time the slater fix the tripod mount , the Range setter confirm the gyroscopic sight -- head muj ( in Arabic ) Fire ! and they shoot off a canon blast as we CUT to : int . helicopter — same time pilot # 1 " Cause if she definition be -~ pilot # 2 ( suddenly see it ) anti -~ aircraft FIRE straight a - ~ ( continued ) 126 . continued : blahm -~- the helicopter 's hit and we cur to : ext . afghan village - same time and now the helicopter explode in a thunderclap and turn the sky into a fireball . the six mujahideen start scream and grab each other . the two other helicopter start scramble as we CUT to : int . helicopter # 2 - same time they're in the middie of smoke and we be listen to a frantic Russian voice on the radio -- radio voice ( vo ) ( subtitle ) they have get something down there ! get outa there ! pilot # 3 retreat ! radio voice ( vo ) get the fuck outa there ! retreat ! cur to : ext . afghan village - same time villager be come out of they house to see a black and orange fire in the distance and two Soviet helicopter retreate in the sky . it 's a pandemonium of celebration . scream at the sky , wave they fist , pound the ground -- villager allahu akbar ! allahu akbar ! cur to : int . capitol corridor - day bonnie be clack along down the corridor as quickly as she can in she heel . she hold a fold note in she hand that she obviously know be important . she get to double door mark " speaker 's lobby '' and walk into - - 127 . int . speaker' lobby - continuous -- which be full of congressmen mingling before a vote . she head straight to charlie and hand he the note . he unfold it -- we just shot one down . ~- gust charlie look at bonnie , who 's smile at he -- charlie ( pump he fist ) yeah ! we start a series of short scene that be woven together by score , beginning with -- ext . afghan bridge - day it 's a narrow bridge connect the side of two mountain . a four truck caravan come into view and start across the bridge . and now we see a Soviet flag on the side of each truck . and now we see three mujahideen tuck in a rock crevice . they each have high - power sniper rifle and have the scope train sharply on the first truck in the caravan as it head to the middle of the bridge . : then SNAP -snap -snap -- they fire off three shot that disable the first truck and send it screeching to a halt , force the three truck behind it to stop in the middle of the bridge . before anyone can figure out what 's happen , 40 mujahideen appear from nowhere on horseback at both end of the bridge , each brandish a AK - 47 automatic assault rifle . the . horseman gallep quickly on the either side of the maroon truck , fire hundred of round into the cloth - cover truck bed , shredd the truck and the soldier inside . amid frantic Russian radio clatter , russian scldier scramble to get out of the truck and fight back but they be rip up pretty easily . a mujahideen watch from he horse as one russian soldier xun for he life and then jump off the bridge , fall about 200 foot to he death . the muj fire he gun in the air -- ( continued ) 128. continued : cur to : mujahideen allahu akbar ! all allahu akbar ! int . CIA briefing room - day gust and he crew , which have now grow from 4 to 14 agent , be be tell the good news by a analyst in front of a light map . cur to : analyst -+- it be the bamian - lead group . they set a ambush at the fuladi bridge . cust what would they get ? analyst four supply truck come out of bagram Air base , gust they hit the Soviet 8th infantry on horseback ? analyst yes sir . gust ( beat - - to the agent next to he ) this guy be pretty good . int . charlie' apartment - night charlie pour some whiskey over ice as the late night news play on the tv in the background . in front of he on the coffee table be briefing papers and other kind of homework . tv anchor ( from tv ) ..- while in Kabul today , afghan guerilla iaunched a devastating rocket attack that result in over a hundred Russian casualty , prompt the kremlin to promise a additional 5 - to - 10 thousand Soviet troops to the region . Pentagon source — ~ ( continued ) continued : charlie Atta boy , yuri , keep them comi not . cur to : int . CIA meeting room - day 129 . gust , mcgaffin and they crowd be around a table with cigarettes and coffee . it 's stand room only . gust the oerlikon be start to lose they effectiveness . agent why ? gust well for one thing , they be leave a trail the size of I - 95 back to the point of fire so they be a hot target if they stay with the gun , if they retreat , they lose it . agent # 2 they shot down 20 gunship in three month . gust but 16 be in the first two month . the Russians just change they altitude to 3000 foot where the 20 mm round do not have accuracy . mcgaffin that 's why we want to start ‘em on the stinger , gust . gust that 's a escalation . mcgaffin it weigh 35 pound , we can get outa the mule business . gust it 's a " '' fire - and - forget™ weapon . anyone who have a shoulder can hit they target . be we concerned about that ? ( more ) ( continued ) 130 . continued : gust ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) nope ? okay . cut to : int . charlie' office - day gust stand in front of charlie -- gust it 's call a fim - 92a , or stinger . it have a range of five mile and a ceiling of 10,000 foot . it can fire off a missile every five second . charlie can the afghan 's win without it ? gust ( beat ) no. charlie end of discussion . cot to : int . congressional committee meeting room - day charlie address the 49 other committee member -- charlie ( o£f note ) --. a additional 30 million for fim - 92a , or stinger missile , bring the total appropriation to 70 million ... cur to : ext . pakistani airstrip - night a C - 130 cargo plane be be unload . dozen of arab man be hand off crate after crate , fire brigade style , from the rear ramp of the plane to some truck that be wait nearby while we hear a news report -- news anchor ( vo ) --.- report today out of Afghanistan confixm that the mujahideen rebel destroy 15 Soviet armored vehicle during a fierce two hour ... ( continued ) a | 131 . continued : we can see that on each of the crate , in the exact same spot , something have be quickly and crudely scratch off as one news report bleed into the next -~- news anchor # 2 ( vo ) «+- querillas cause severe electrical shortage when they attack a hydro - electric plant east of the city . most home in the region be leave without electricity and Soviet official decline to comment on ... we move up the human conveyor belt and into -- int . cargo plane ~ continuous bnd into another news report -- news anchor # 3 ( vo ) ... in the latest in series of damaging offensive wage by afghan mujahideen in recent week , rebel force destroy ten helicopter at the bagram Air base during a rocket attack yesterday ... -- and as we keep move deeper into the cargo hold of the plane , we can see half a dozen men in the very back . they have rock and they be use the rock to scrape israeli flag decal off the crate and we CUT to : int . study - night we be close on a typewriter as a check be be type to wilson for congress . it 's for $ 50,000 . joanne take the check out and sign it as we CUT to : ext . afghanistan / outside a cave - day 15 mujahideen be gather in a semi circle . a few of they have stinger missile on they shoulder and a few other stinger be lay around on the ground . they be be instruct by two CIA agent , who be dress in afghan garb and speak through a translator . one particular fighter stand in the middle of the semi~circle be coach . agent all right , you target 's in range . ( continued ) 132 . continued : translator {in Arabic ) target 's in range . the fighter mount the stinger on he shoulder , sighting a Soviet armored vehicle on a road about two mile away . he center the vehicle on the range ring and press the iff interrogator switch and listen nervously for a lock . agent wait for the twin tone . fighter allahu akbar . agent wait for the -- the fighter fire the missile -- too early -- and one of the other fighter rip off he head gear in frustration , revealing that it 's gust . the translator can barely keep up -- gust goddamit , how hard can it be to wait for 's the twin tone ?! you just fire a $ 60,000 missile into space , okay ? gimme that . gust take another stinger -- gust ( cont 'd ) it 's base on a passive infrared seeker and navigation system . it do not matter if the target distance increase or decrease , it will make its own adjustment . wait for the twin tone . gust fire and then turn around again to address the group - ~ gust ( cont 'd ) now technically I be not suppose to do that . blahm !-- the truck explode two mile in the distance . the fighter cheer gust 's marksmanship . gust ( cont 'd ) thank you . ( to the agent ) train ‘em properly . ( to himself - - check the sky ) ( more ) ( continued ) 133. continued : ( 2 ) gust ( cont 'd ) where would that other one go ? it 's gonna fall down on my fuckin ' head . cur to : int . HOTEL suite - night it 's election night and the suite be fill with staff , guest , balloon and whiskey . as we move past the television screen we see that Charlie Wilson have defeat he Republican opponent , Louis dugas , Jr. , 113,225 to 77,842 . we find charlie have a quiet phone conversation . charlie ( into phone ) ik you . ( beat ) thank you very much . ( beat ) well the first thing we be gonna do be take the covert op budget from 70 to 100 million , cur to : int . Doc long office - day charlie make he case in front of doc . charlie accord to CIA estimate , seven out of every ten time a mujahid fire a stinger , a Soviet chopper or plane fall out of the sky . each Russian mig cost 20 million dollar while the stinger cost 60 to 70 thousand . boc what do you want to do ? charlie take it to 250 - million . pec remind I again , where do this thing start ? ( continued ) 134 . continued : charlie five-million . cut to : int . committee room - day charlie , doc and the 49 member . charlie we have have a lot of good reason over the last few year to keep increase the budget for training and weapon , but now I can give you one more . they be win . we need to add another 200 - million this year . congressman take we to ? charlie 500 million . matched by the Saudis . congressman one billion dollar . charlie that 's right . congressman this will be by far the large covert action in U.S. history . charlie by far . and now we be do with the series of scene as we cur to : int . charlie' apartment - night a cocktail party be underway and spirit be great . congressional colleague of Charlie 's mingle with other friend and he usual harem of beautiful woman , include joanne and carol and he office staff . music play in the background and jailbait walk through the crowd , tell the guest -- ( continued ) 135 . continued : jailbait it 's five minute to seven . it 's gonna be on in five minute , it 's five minute to seven . we find charlie at the bar , be pour a drink by a bartender . he get a tap on the shoulder and turn around to see jane , the woman he have up to he place early in the movie . jane you remember I ? the second best view in the District . charlie ( smile ) of course I remember you . jane Jane . charlie Jane . you still work for Congress ? jane yeah , how ' bout you ? charlie that 's funny . jane you know , I do not know if you be aware , but in the same month that the Washington Times call you one of the 25 least consequential member of the House , washingtonian Magazine name you one of the 10 most effective back room dealer on the Hill . charlie sound like at least one of ‘em get they . Story wrong . jane I be here with a friend , what 's the occasion ? charlie you will find out in four and a half minute . ( he see someone ) would you excuse I ? ( continued ) 136 . continued : ( 2 ) jane yes sir . and charlie head out to -- ext . terrace - evening ~- where gust be stand -- cigarette and a drink -- read a set of briefing papers . charlie I do not see you come in . cust hang on . charlie ( beat ) there 's this girl here name Jane . I meet she about three year ago when she - ~ gust dci get a sr this morning . pakistani intelligence be tell we six man paramilitary team to stay out of asadabad for the next 48 hour . charlie why ? gust a cleric name Mohammad haroon Hamid speak at the jalabad mosque and madrassa this morning . I be just look at the translation of what he say . ( read ) " the day will come when we will rule America . " charlie come inside , it 's gonna start . gust ( read ) " the day will come when we will rule Britain and the entire world . " charlie I think it 's a longshot , put down the work . ( continued ) continued : : ) 137 . gust ( read ) " except for the Jews . the Jews will not enjoy a life of tranquillity under we rule because they be treacherous by nature , as they have be throughout history . the day will come when everything will be relieved of the Jews -- even the stone and tree which be harme by they . listen to the Prophet Muhammad , who tell you about the evil end that await Jews . the stone and tree will want the Muslims to finish off every Jew . '' charlie I need the CIA to tell I there be crazy people in the Middle East ? gust you need somebody to tell you . charlie what 's the problem ? gust this guy 's two son - in - law be the leader of the al - konar arm of the mujahideen . we give they 44 - million in weapon and supplies and I oversaw they training myself . we might want to be a little more careful about that . charlie I do not vet this guy , sundance . cust no shit , butch . charlie I mean I be not the one who vet they . gust guy have 3000 people show up . I do not know of a klan rally in Mississippi that ever have 3000 people show up . Ie so kill he . ( continued ) ) ) , | 138. continued : ( 2 ) gust that 's a good plan , ' cause that definitely would not stir anti-american sentiment . plus I be sure he 's the only one , once we get he that will be it . charlie gust - ~ gust no wait , I forget about he son - in - law . to say nothing of joanne 's friend , the President of Pakistan , who accord to 's -- oshow another paper from he packet ) -- have be skim quite a bit of american taxpayer money for , accord to 's - — ( another piece of paper ) -- a Islamic bomb . bonnie step out -- bonnie Excuse I . it 's two minute and you will want to keep you voice down guy . charlie thank you . bonnie go back in . charlie ( cont 'd ) we do with show and tell . gust one more . ( show ) this be a two year old report . it 's from the Red Cross . they be gather statement from afghan refugee regard Soviet atrocity in they village . this woman say the Russian soldier come in , gather they in a semi-circle and you know what they do ? charlie what .. ( continued ) continued : 139 . ( 3 ) gust : the Russians force they to learn how to xead and write . charlie yeah , that 's what the communist be , man , a benevolent group of inner-city school teacher . gust hey , I be fight communist while you be do blow off a playboy Bunny . bonnie step out again -- bonnie fellas , I really need you to keep you voice down . gust sorry . cearlie sorry . bonnie go back in . charlie ( cont 'd ) the deadly , most tyrannical force in the world be leave . I would say it be a good day 's work and turn off the light on the way out . gust well I would be happy to turn off the light but there 's no electricity in Afghanistan . or road . or school . you know why that 's a problem ? because at this moment over half the population of Afghanistan be under 14 year old . and they be gonna come home from the camp and they be gonna find that they village have be napalm and they father be dead . charlie you want a Marshall plan for Afghanistan ? a covert war to teach ‘em how to read and write ? ( continued ) continued : 140 . ( 4 ) gust yes . yes I do . in fact I think we should have say , " sure we will give you the gun , but first you have to build some school . let 's see you 14 year old boy pass general knowledge test in history and science . when they pass them we will give you the bullet . '' charlie what 's more important to the history of the world ? some stir up Muslims or the liberation of Central Europe and the end of the cold War ? gust there 's such a thing as unintend consequence , especially when you have be as reckless as we have . charlie we have not be reckless . gust ( read ) '' the day will come when we will rule America . " charlie that guy 's snap . gust the whole fuckin’ place have snap . they pray five time a day to a God who require more suck up than a movie eager to die in huge number with the expectation that they will be meet in paradise by 70 virgin , who , by the way , I be not entirely convinced be mean to be woman . I be not worried , though , ' cause I know if Islamic fanaticism ever get outa hand , joanne herring and she friend will rise up to meet it with Christian fanaticism and then we have get ourselves a ball game . and I would not be that concerned . except we just send enough weapon over there to kill everyone on both side . charlie yeah , and we help they win a war . ( continued ) | | continued : 141 . ( 5 ) gust they do not get home delivery of the New York Times , plus it be covert , so it 's unlikely that they be ever gonna know the role we play . what they be gonna be be poor , break and off - the-chart stupid like no stupid you have ever see . they leader be gonna tell they that we use they to fight we war , they be gonna see we in Israel and they be gonna be mad . I come from this mentality , Charlie . we make it and they do not and they be gonna think it 's we fault . we whipped they into a religious frenzy and -- charlie gust -- gust -- teach ‘em how to fuck with the army of a superpower . ( beat ) that 's what we do . ( show the paper again ) so I be just say we should be a little more careful . bonnie step out -- bonnie it 's on . gust let 's go in , show I this girl . charlie we do a big thing well , gust . as well as we could . gust I know . you be all right . they go step into -- int . charlie' apartment - continuous -- where the music 's be turn off and all eye be on the tv , where the CBS even News with Dan Rather be come on . ( continued ) 142 . continued : dan ( on tv -- file tape ) @ good evening , I be Dan Rather . lead we news , the marxist regime in Afghanistan be on its own now . the Red Army complete its withdrawal this morning on schedule - ~ cheer erupt throughout the room -- dan ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) -- and the commander~in - Chief of the Soviet occupation force say he never look back . Barry Peterson have more . the tv go to a vo with footage of Soviet troops crossing over a bridge . barry ( vo} it be the last hurrah . the final Soviet combat troops crossing the friendship Bridge on the border between Afghanistan and the Soviet Union -- gust ( raise he glass to the tv ) and here 's to you you motherfucker . everyone in the room cheer gust 's sentiment . charlie 's e stand right next to gust . charlie see ? that 's the spirit . cust ( quietly ) remember I say this . there 's gonna come a day when we be gonna look back and say , " I would give anything if the whole place be overrun with godless commmist . " barry ( vo ) +.. the end of a almost decade long war that cost the Soviets 15,000 life and billion of dollar . title : epilogue int . charlie' apartment - morning a few year have go by and that 's evident from charlie 's salt and pepper hair as he make coffee . , ( continued ) 143 . continued : we might also notice that he 's wear a wedding ring . he 's dress for work and talk to he wife , who 's get dress @ in the bedroom . charlie it be good . mrs . wilson | do you speak ? charlie no , I just sit and listen . mrs . wilson that 's okay . charlie I might get up and speak next time . mrs . wilson , a beauty , appear in the doorway , slip on she heel . . . mrs . wilson you do not have to . you can do whatever you want , what 's in the paper ? : charlie ' , time Warner 's propose to merge its @ cable operation with AT&T , the President 's in Florida and Gary condit do not win a lot of new fan with connie chung . and the redskin still suck . let I ask you this , do I seem as funny to you sober as I be before . mrs . wilson oh baby . you be marry now . nothing 's ever go to seem funny to you ever again . charlie laugh -- mrs . wilson ( cont 'd ) what else ? charlie there 's a story about - ~ bhooom !=- we hear a tooth - jarring explosion from the distance . tt actually shake the apartment . charlie jump when he hear the sound and smashes the glass coffee pot . ( continued ) 144 . continued : ( 2 ) charlie ( cont 'd ) shit . mrs . wilson what the hell be that ? charlie be you all right ? do I get any glass - — mrs . wilson no . what the hell be that ? charlie it may have be a gas line . I want to go check across the hall on Mrs . -~ mrs . wilson yeah . charlie head to the door as mrs . wilson go to the terrace and open the door . charlie only get a couple of step out into the hall before he hear he wife call offscreen -- mrs . wilson ( 08 ) ( cont 'd ) ( call ) Charlie ! charlie come back in and head out to -- ext . terrace - continuous he see it before we do ... a huge , thick , rise cloud of orange / black smoke . mrs . wilson the Pentagon 's on fire . something 's on fire at the Pentagon . the phone start to ring ... charlie ( evenly ) it be a bomb . mrs . wilson what the hell be go on ? mrs . wilson pick up the phone -- ( continued ) 145 . continued : mrs . wilson ( cont 'd ) @ {into phone ) hello ? . ( beat ) yeah . ( beat ) all right . stay on the phone . ( to charlie ) it 's gust . he say to turn on the tv , blackout roll MAIN title final fade out — S ) —