< !-- document . be trellix = 1 ; // --> illustrate script : charlie chan's courage function twenavbarpreload ( imgsrc , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { eval ( img obj + ' = new image ( ) ' ) ; eval ( img obj +'.src = " '+ img src + ' " ' ) ; } } function twenavbarchangeimage ( imgName , imgObj ) { if ( document.image ) { document [ imgName ].src = eval ( img obj + " .src " ) ; } } twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/entrancelink01.jpg " , " twe24451b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/directorylink01a.jpg " , " twe24452b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/calendarlink01.jpg " , " twe24453b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chatroomlink.jpg " , " twe24454b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/messageboardlink01.jpg " , " twe24455b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/bulletinboardlink.jpg " , " twe24456b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thefilmslink01.jpg " , " twe24457b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thelostfilmslink.jpg " , " twe24458b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/otherchanfilmslink01d.jpg " , " twe24459b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/thetvserieslink.jpg " , " twe244510b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/castlistlink01.jpg " , " twe244511b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/linkslink01.jpg " , " twe244512b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/charliechanlink01.jpg " , " twe244513b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/aphorismslink01.jpg " , " twe244514b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515A " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chronologylink01.jpg " , " twe244515b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/glossarylink01.jpg " , " twe244516b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/earlderrbiggerslink01.jpg " , " twe244517b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/warnerolandlink01.jpg " , " twe244518b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/sidneytolerlink01.jpg " , " twe244519b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/rolandwinterslink01.jpg " , " twe244520b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/jcarrolnaishlink01a.jpg " , " twe244521b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/familyroomlink01.jpg " , " twe244522b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/studylink01.jpg " , " twe244523b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/gallerylink01.jpg " , " twe244524b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/librarylink01.jpg " , " twe244525b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/chansundaycomicslink01a.jpg " , " twe244526b " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527a " ) ; twenavbarpreload ( " sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/cartoonslink01.jpg " , " twe244527b " ) ; production script : charlie chan's courage charlie chan's courage producer : JOHN stone executive producer : winfield R. sheehan director : GEORGE hadden assistant director : sid bowan screenplay : seton i. miller photography : hal mohr camera operator : joseph LA shelle setting : duncan cramer film editor : alex troffey gowns : royer musical direction : SAMUEL kaylin SOUND : alfred bruzlin cast of character Charlie Chan : warner oland Paula Graham : drue leyton Bob Crawford : donald wood P. J. madden : paul harvey Martin thorne : murray kinnell Alexander Crawford : reginald mason Sally Jordan : virginia hammond will holley : SI jenk Professor gamble : harvey clark maydorf : jerry jerome Victor Jordan : jack carter louie Wong : jame wang constable brackett : do witt c. jenning hewitt : france ford stenographer : lucille miller mother : mary mclaren child : gail kaye taxi driver : larry fisher porter : SAM mcdaniel Station lounger : carl stockdale chorus girl : lita chevret & susan flemming lead lady : carly lincoln lead man : JOHN david horsley heavy : GEORGE magrill prop man : frank mill Assistant director : sherry hall Eddie Boston : jame P. burtis director : paul mcvey bliss : WADE boteler charlie chan's courage final shoot script date : March 19 , 1934 adaptation and screen play by : seton i. Miller fade in : scene 1 a effective stock shot of San Francisco through the Golden Gate . fast dissolve to : scene 2 exterior jewelry store - full shot the exterior of a very exclusive jewelry store in a smart district . on the window be the simple legend : " crawford , lot . " fast dissolve to : scene 3 interior crawford office - medium shot a luxurious private office . Alexander Crawford , a fine-looking , kindly , middle - age man , with grey hair , be on the phone . crawford : ... I be sorry , Mr. Van dusen ... the ring be eight thousand ... all right , sir ... thank you ... we will send it to Mrs. Van dusen this afternoon ... oh , I beg you pardon ... miss Evelyn fontaine . ( he scribbles a address ) ... yes , sir . good-bye . he hang up with a faint smile . the secretary enter . secretary : Mrs. Jordan be here , Mr. Crawford . Crawford 's face light . he get up eagerly , crossing . crawford : have she come in . the secretary usher Mrs. Jordan in . she be a frail , lovely woman of about forty - five . she smile warmly . mrs . jordan : hello , Alex . scene 4 at two - medium close crawford : ( affectionately ) ' Morning , Sally . mrs . jordan : I could not believe you message . have you really find a buyer ? Crawford nod and usher she toward a chair beside the desk . craword : yes ... I be surprised myself ... scene 5 at desk - medium close as they sit down he continue . crawford : ...his name be madden -- p.j. madden . mrs. jordan : ( with quick interest ) the Wall Street plunger ? Crawford nod , look at she thoughtfully . crawford : be you sure you want to sell the cavanaugh pearl , Sally ? Mrs. Jordan nod silently . it seem a shame ... it 's you father 's gift ... I think that necklace would be the last thing you would part with . mrs . jordan : ( a sad smile ... quietly ) it be . I be break , Alex . crawford : ( startle ) you mean the whole cavanaugh fortune be go ... ship ... everything ? mrs . jordan : yes . it seem absurd , do not it ? Crawford get up , decidedly upset . scene 6 at crawford - medium close as he pace up and down a few step , silent , but troubled . he turn back to she . crawford : ( quietly ) I wish you have not let you son take charge of the estate . scene 7 mrs . jordan - closeup mrs . jordan : ( wistfully ) I know ... Victor 's be foolish and reckless ... ( she smile up at he ) ... but he 's all I have since Fred go . I be stick by he . scene 8 at two - medium close crawford : ( in quiet admiration ) still the same good sport . it be obvious that Mrs. Jordan never have much to do with business . she hesitates , then ask . mrs . jordan : ( hesitantly ) do he ... say what he would be willing to pay for they ? crawford : ( nodding ) Three hundred thousand . mrs . jordan : ( startle ... at a loss ) but father only pay a hundred and fifty thousand . crawford : ( smiling ) yes ... thirty year ago . that necklace be one of the finest set of match pearl in the world . it 's worth a half million on today 's market . Mrs. Jordan 's face light hopefully . scene 9 at door - medium close Crawford 's secretary again appear . secretary : ( respectfully ) Mr. madden be here . madden stride in , follow by he secretary . he do not wait for formality . madden be over six foot tall , terrifically dynamic and powerful , with iron grey hair and cold grey eye that bore through people . his secretary , Martin thorne , be small , slender and dapper ... suavely efficient ... about thirty -five ... a hint of hide cun in he face . madden : ( tersely ... as he enter ) Crawford ? scene 10 at crawford and mrs . jordan close shot - the two be surprised at the abrupt appearance . Crawford nod quietly . madden 's speech be abrupt , almost rude ; he waste no time , nor do he brook argument . crawford : yes . he start toward madden . scene 11 at group - medium shot as he cross and offer he hand . crawford : how do you do ? madden nod . Crawford courteously present madden to Mrs. Jordan . crawford : Sally ... May I present Mr. madden ... Mrs. Jordan . Mrs. Jordan nod . madden 's rock - like face do not relax at all . madden : how d' you do ...? ( he abruptly indicate he secretary ) .... thorne , my secretary . thorne bow suavely and silently . Crawford indicate a chair as he cross and sit down at he desk . crawford : will you gentleman be seat ? madden ignore the proffer chair , crossing to the desk . madden : there 's no need of any preamble , Crawford . I have come to see that pearl . scene 12 at desk - medium close Crawford look at he in surprise . crawford : I be afraid I give you the wrong impression . they be not in San Francisco . madden : ( angrily ) but when you tell I to come here and meet the owner .... Crawford be slightly resentful , interrupt quietly . crawford : I mean just that . mrs . jordan : I be sorry , Mr. madden . I do not intend to sell the necklace when I leave honolulu , but I have send for it . scene 14 thorne - close shot thorne be watch the group narrowly as the voice come into scene . madden' voice : ( tersely ) when will it get here ? mrs . jordan be voice : Thursday morning . thorne be decidedly interested . scene 15 at desk - medium close madden : no good . I be leave this afternoon for my desert place near El dorado . after a few day I be go on to New York . crawford : I could deliver the necklace in New York . madden reach a abrupt decision . madden : all right ... I will buy it if you be willing to take my price ... three hundred thousand . Crawford look at he squarely . crawford : it 's worth a half million , Mr. madden . you be drive a hard bargain . scene 16 closeup - madden madden : I always drive a hard bargain . take it or leave it . he stare a grim challenge . scene 17 close shot - at crawford and mrs . jordan - Mrs. Jordan turn to Mrs. Crawford , nodd quietly . mrs . jordan : it 's all right , Alex . I accept . scene 18 medium shot - at four madden : ( nodding briskly ) good ... fifty thousand down ... the balance within thirty day of delivery . Mrs. Jordan nod acceptance . madden turn to Crawford , indicate thorne . thorne will come over this afternoon with the check and pick up the bill of sale . thorne suavely address Mrs. Jordan . thorne : you say the pearl will arrive Thursday Morning ? Mrs. Jordan nod . scene 19 closeup - crawford he be watch thorne narrowly as the latter continue off scene , ingratiatingly . thorne's voice : ah , yes ... and they be come by ...? crawford : ( interrupt firmly ) by private messenger . scene 20 close shot - thorne and madden thorne turn to look suavely at Crawford off scene . thorne : of course . ( he turn to madden ) I be think , Chief ... we will be at the desert until Saturday ... he could deliver it there , and you could take it back to miss madden yourself . madden : ( glaring at he ) you be a fool , thorne ! do you think I would carry that string clear across country and take a chance of get rob ? ( thorne shrug ) ( madden turn to Crawford ... emphatically ) I want they deliver to my office in New York and nowhere else ! scene 21 medium shot - at group Crawford nod . madden pick up he hat as if to leave . thorne move toward the door . mrs . jordan : Mr. madden ... madden turn inquiringly . scene 22 closeup - mrs . jordan she be look at he curiously . ... I do not want any trouble about the necklace . what if it be not satisfactory ? you be pay this huge sum without ever see it . scene 23 closeup - madden he look at she grimly . madden : I have see you wear it many time in honolulu . scene 24 close shot - crawford and mrs . jordan the two stare at he in startle surprise . mrs . jordan : ( uncertainly ) I ... I do not remember you . scene 25 at madden and thorn - medium close madden in foreground , thorne in background by the door . madden : ( tersely ... almost grimly ) you never look at I . I use to be a bellboy in the hotel where you give you party ... I have want that necklace for year . good day . he turn on he heel toward the door . thorne open it and the two exit . scene 26 at crawford and mrs . jordan - medium close shot the two look after he in stunne amazement as the sound of the door close come into scene . scene 27 outer office - full shot as madden and thorne cross toward the store doorway , Bob Crawford hurry in . he be a fine look , pleasant , energetic young man of about thirty . thorne and madden pay no attention to he as he cross toward the desk , but Bob give they a brief interested glance . they exit . bob : have Mrs. Jordan come yet ? secretary : she 's with you father . he enter the private office . scene 28 private office - medium shot Bob enter briskly , close the door . he have a great affection for Mrs. Jordan . bob : hello , Sally - -- ( he give she a affectionate kiss ) -- have dad be take good care of you ? ( Mrs. Jordan nod . Bob turn to Crawford ) -- what luck with the necklace ? crawford : sold it to madden . bob : ( nodding toward door ) be that he ? crawford : yes. bob : Big bruiser , be not he ? scene 29 exterior jewelry store - at curb madden and thorne be get into a limousine . a taxi be park about twenty foot behind it . scene 30 at taxi - driver be seat - close a stocky , hard - face driver be watch the two man narrowly . scene 31 toward limosine - he angle thorne get in after madden and slam the door . the limousine start away . scene 32 at taxi - medium close the driver quickly start he motor and pull away from the curb . scene 33 STREET - full shot as the taxi swing out from the curb follow the limousine . scene 34 crawford private office - at desk - medium close bob : how 's the necklace come over ? mrs . jordan : Charlie Chan 's bring it . he 's a detective sergeant with the honolulu police . crawford : ( he remember the name ) Chan ... do not he use to be you number one boy ? mrs . jordan : yes ...at the big house on the beach ... when Bob be little . he 's always be devote to I . bob : ( grinning ) I remember he . he use to catch I every time I raid you cookie jar , and chase I out of the house . when do he get in ? mrs . jordan : Thursday morning , on the ' President pierce . ' ( she smile reminiscently ) he 's plan to take a real vacation . crawford : ( to Bob ) you better meet he at the boat , bob. bob : I will do that . ( he get up , indicate Mrs. Jordan ) be it all right if I take this good - look young lady to lunch ? crawford : ( smiling ) sure , if I can come along too . Bob turn to Mrs. Jordan , indicate he father , as the latter get up . bob : will he bore you ? Crawford , who be reach for he hat , give a indignant snort . crawford : Fresh young pup ! as they start for the door , we fade out . fade in : scene 35 exterior exclusive men' club - day - full shot - " the metropolitan club . " two cab be park a few foot away from the club . in the rear one a man be sit in the back seat . Bob come down the step of the club briskly , and walk out toward the curb . scene 36 at first cab - driver be seat - close shot we see the same hard - face driver that be park outside Crawford 's jewelry store . his eye narrow at the sight of Bob . he quickly start he motor and drive forward . scene 37 bob at curb - medium close the cab stop in front of Bob . driver : taxi ? bob : ( nodding ) Pacific navigation dock . as Bob start to get in , he glance casually toward second cab . scene 38 second cab - bob' angle the man in the rear seat ( maydorf ) be lean forward , talk to the driver . both be look toward camera . they see Bob look and quickly look away , maydorf sit back . he be a hard - face gangster type with slouch hat and dark top coat . scene 39 interior bob be cab - medium close Bob get in with slight suspicious frown . the driver slam the door . scene 40 at two cab - medium shot bob cab drive away . the second cab follow . scene 41 interior bob be cab - medium close shoot toward rear we see the other cab follow . Bob glance back as he cab round a corner and see the other cab follow . his eye narrow . fast dissolve to : scene 42 STREET - exterior dock - medium close shot the cab enter and stop . Bob get out and give the driver a bill . bob : keep the change . driver : thanks . ( a little over - eager ) there will be a rush for cab goin ' back . I will wait for yuh . there be a flicker of amusement in Bob 's eye as he exit . scene 43 at curb - medium close as the second cab come to a stop . maydorf climb out , nod to the driver and saunter after bob. scene 44 dock - medium shot the ship gangplank be just be place in position . there be a crowded bustle on the dock . Bob push through the crowd toward the bottom of the gangplank . maydorf casually follow , at no time watch Bob or appear to be interested in he . scene 45 bottom of gangplank - medium close Bob stop in a position a short distance from the bottom of the gangplank . he look casually around . scene 46 maydorf - bob' angle a short distance from camera maydorf be push between two people , and come to a stop casually , watch the crowd , not once glance toward camera . scene 47 at bob - medium close he look toward the boat again , a faint grin come into he face . scene 48 boat deck - edge of crowd - medium close shot - Charlie Chan be squatting down , talk to three little american child ... a boy and two girl ... the youngest about three . they mother stand beside they , smile down at the scene . chan : ( smiling fondly ) now we must say good - bye . tiny girl : please do not go away , Charlie . chan : ( to all three ) sometime we hunt Indians again . ( he pat the little girl 's cheek and get up , smile at mother ) ... my knowledge of Indians most limited . scene 49 chan and woman - medium close mother : but you certainly know a lot about child , Mr. Chan . chan : experience come with ripe year . he draw a picture from pocket and give it to she . she inspect it . insert : picture of a long line of Chan 's child , range down in size . chan's voice : ( off scene ) have learn much from honorable family . back to scene he take out a smaller picture and hand it to she . insert : of picture a chinese baby of six month . chan's voice : add bless too late to be include . back to scene : the woman give the picture back . woman : you be most fortunate . chan : ( smiling ) sometimes have entertained doubt when walk floor . a whistle shrill off scene . voice : all ashore . the crowd start to move . Chan pick up he grip . scene 50 deck - at gangplank - medium shot the crowd start ashore . scene 51 dock - medium shot Bob and maydorf watch in the crowd ... maydorf expectantly alert . scene 52 gangplank - close pan shot Chan appear at the top of the gangplank . we pan with he as he walk down . scene 53 bob - close shot we see a faint flicker of recognition in Bob 's face , then he continue to stare indifferently at the top of the gangplank . scene 54 bottom of gangplank - medium shot gangplank in foreground . maydorf be watch Bob and the gangplank . Chan reach the bottom of the gangplank , look around , as if see if anyone be there to meet he , then amble out of scene . Bob give no sign of recognition , ignore he , continue to look at gangplank expectantly . scene 55 at crowd - medium shot as Chan amble across and disappear in the crowd . scene 56 bob - medium close Bob continue to stare up the gangplank a moment , then casually turn and start to retrace he step toward the taxi . scene 57 maydorf - close shot a look of helpless surprise from Bob to the gangplank and back to Bob again . he frown ominously and exit after bob. scene 58 STREET - taxi - medium shot Bob saunter off the dock toward taxi . maydorf idle in the edge of the crowd look back toward the ship , but keep a eye on the taxi . scene 59 at taxi - medium close shot the driver be surprised to see Bob return alone . he open the door as Bob enter scene . driver : be not you expectin ' somebody on the ship ? bob : ( grinning ) yes ... I come down to meet the dowager Empress of siberia ... but they tell I she 's dead . he turn and walk up the street , leave the taxi driver stare helplessly . fast dissolve to : scene 60 HOTEL suite - live room - full shot Crawford be pace up and down worriedly . Mrs. Jordan be apprehensive . she son , Victor , be at a table mixing a scotch and soda . he be a dissipate , spoiled young man with a pouchy face and flabby shape that show excess of live . he be faultlessly dress . crawford : ... I do not like the look of the whole thing , Victor . victor : ( a contemptuous snort ) nonsense ! if madden want to change he mind , that 's he business . it be not up to we to question he order . he sample the drink . a buzzer sound off scene . all turn expectantly . Victor cross quickly to door . scene 61 at door - medium close Victor open it , revealing Chan . Victor address he with careless condescension . victor : hello Charlie . there be a flicker of dislike in Chan 's eye . chan : good morning . he step into the room . scene 62 room - medium close shot Mrs. Jordan hurry forward , relieved and happy . she have a great affection for Chan . Crawford be puzzle and worried as he note Chan be alone . mrs . jordan : I be so glad you be here safely . Charlie idolize Mrs. Jordan . chan : thank you so much . mrs . jordan : do you have a good trip ? chan : always pleasant journey which end among old friend . Mrs. Jordan turn to Crawford . mrs . jordan : Alex , you remember Charlie Chan . crawford : yes , indeed . how do you do . chan : ( bow ) Mr. Crawford always honore guest at Jordan home . scene 63 jordan - closeup crawford : do not my son come with you ? he be suppose to meet you at the dock . scene 64 at chan and victor - medium close chan : ( apologetically ) so sorry . found no one wait at bottom of gangboard , so I engage taxi and hurry to this spot . victor : ( impatiently ) Bob probably miss he in the crowd . ( he turn to Chan ) have you get the pearl , Charlie ? Chan nod and pull a wear old money belt from he pocket . chan : Travel securely around waist . ( he take a velvet bundle from the belt , as he continue ) responsibility make they rest heavy on unworthy stomach ... like sour rice . Victor hold out he hand for the bundle , but Chan serenely ignore it , exite from scene . scene 65 at mrs . jordan and crawford - medium close Chan enter and hand the bundle to Mrs. Jordan . mrs . jordan : thank you , Charlie . chan : now most enjoyable vacation begin . Mrs. Jordan wrap a gorgeous triple string contain about one hundred and fifty large and exquisitely match pearl . Crawford gaze at they with tremendous admiration . there be a fleeting expression of regret on Mrs. Jordan 's face . insert : of pearl in Mrs. Jordan 's hand . crawford voice : ( off scene ) it 's be so long ... I would forget how exquisite they be . back to scene : Mrs. Jordan hand they to he . crawford : ( gently ) I know how you feel , Sally . Mrs. Jordan shrug and give a slight smile . she be a good loser . the buzzer sound again off scene . scene 66 room - medium shot Victor cross and open the door . Bob breeze in . bob : hello , vic. recognition flicker in Chan 's eye . crawford : what happen to you ? bob : ( emphatically ) plenty . mrs . jordan : Bob , this be Charlie Chan ... Mr. Crawford . scene 67 at bob and charlie - close shot the two strike a immediate note of renew friendship . bob : ( grinning ) I think he recognize I . chan : ( smile and nod ) fondly recall many race from cookie jar to back door . scene 68 crawford - closeup crawford : why do not you meet he at the station ? scene 69 group - medium shot Bob turn to he and speak quickly and incisively . bob : ( his word cause interest and alarm in the other ' face ) because a hard look bird follow I down there in another taxi and stick to I like a leech on the dock . he want to go see who I be go to meet , so I do not meet anyone . scene 70 chan - closeup his face be impassive , but he eye narrow with interest . bob be voice : ( off scene ... quietly ) my taxi driver be in on it , too . crawford voice : ( off scene ... anxiously ) do the follow you back uptown ? bob be voice : ( off scene ) yes ... but I ditch they at the club ... duck out the kitchen door . Crawford 's fear be confirm . he whirl on Victor . crawford : ( explosively ) I tell you that something 's wrong . ( to Bob ) someone call I this morning and pretend to be madden . he try to find out who be bring the necklace . when I question he , he hang up . scene 71 bob - closeup Bob realize there be danger . he be thoughtful . bob : not so good . scene 72 crawford - closeup crawford : ( grimly ) worse than that . about a hour later madden phone from the desert . he want the pearl deliver there ... tomorrow . scene 73 at bob - crawford - chan - medium close bob : but I think he insisted on we send they to New York . crawford : that 's just the point . the whole thing look rotten . scene 74 chan - closeup chan : ( quietly ) humbly beg to interrupt . you be sure this be the real Mr. madden ? scene 75 chan and crawford - close shot crawford : yes ... I would swear it be he voice . I put in a return call to the desert . he be there , all right ... and repeat he order . chan : he offer excuse for change ? crawford : ( nodding ) he say he daughter be come from Chicago . he want to meet she there and give she the necklace . scene 76 at group - close shot victor : ( fuming with impatience ) well ... be not that reason enough ? you be try to build up a lot of danger out of nothing . Crawford turn on he coldly . crawford : ( tersely ) madden state in my office that he would not carry the necklace ... too much chance of robbery . why do not he ask we to deliver it in Chicago ? mrs . jordan : they be right , Victor . ( turn to Crawford ) but if he want it deliver there , we will have to oblige he , Alex . I can not risk lose the sale . Crawford nod thoughtful agreement . Mrs. Jordan turn and look at Chan . scene 77 at mrs . jordan and chan - close shot mrs . jordan : Charlie ... I have ask so much of you already , but will you do one more great favor and take this to the desert ? Chan nod and smile . chan : when proper person be encounter , pearl will be deliver . mrs . jordan : ( quietly ) I be very grateful . chan : humble servant can never repay many kindness . Mrs. Jordan smile she gratitude . scene 78 at group - medium shot Chan continue to bob. chan : ( thoughtfully ) many fact state here suggest possibility of unknown danger in deliver pearl . beg to request you valuable help in present matter . bob : ( promptly ) certainly . I would be glad to . scene 79 chan - closeup chan : ( nodding ) thank you so much . ( he smile ) blind man feel ahead with cane before proceeding . scene 80 bob - closeup a grin dawns on he face as he realize Chan 's idea . bob : and I be the one to be the cane , right ? scene 81 group - medium shot chan : ( nodding ) most correct . humbly suggest that you arrive at ranch ahead of time . I follow later with necklace . if all be correct , we deliver same . bob : great ! ( he turn to he father enthusiastically ) I will fly down to Los Angeles after lunch and catch the afternoon train out to the ranch . chan : ( mildly ) tread softly . beg to recall that hen squat with caution on thin egg . fast dissolve to : scene 82 los angele train platform - day - medium pan shot Bob stride along the platform towards he car , carry a suitcase , topcoat and newspaper . scene 83 at car step - medium close as Bob enter and give he grip to porter . in background , a man and a girl be stand . the man have a hard , forceful face . the girl , Paula , be decidedly beautiful , with poise and self - possession . she have a grip and a couple of magazine . scene 84 at paula and man - medium close they see Bob and stare at he with apparent impersonal interest . scene 85 bob - close shot as he be about to get on the car , he catch sight of the couple and see they look at he . scene 86 paula and man - bob be angle - medium long shot they be look toward camera for a instant , then turn back to each other . the man say something , Paula nod . he tip he hat and leave . scene 87 at car step - close shot Bob mount the step and disappear into the car . scene 88 paula - medium close pan shot as she pick up she grip , we pan with her across to the car step . she also enter the car . scene 89 interior car - bob be seat - close shot the porter be just leave . Bob toss he topcoat on the other seat and sit down with he paper . scene 90 interior car - medium shot porter re-enter carry Paula 's bag . Paula follow . the train start . ( sound effect of start train ) the porter put Paula 's bag across the aisle from bob. Paula glance impersonally at Bob and sit down . scene 91 bob - close shot he look across . his eye narrow with suspicious interest . scene 92 at two seat - medium close the porter leave . Paula glance across and see Bob stare . Bob look back at he paper . Paula turn coldly back and take a magazine . we hold for a moment with the two grimly read , and fast dissolve to : scene 93 railroad station - medium shot - night a small , dingy desert station with the name " EL dorado " . ( the town be practically a water stop ... a small hotel , restaurant , a few wooden building , and across from the station , a quaint ramshackle garage , formerly a stable . ) in the distance we see the headlight and hear the whistle of the approach train . scene 94 interior bob be car - at two seat medium close shot we hear the whistle and bell as the train slow down . the conductor come slowly through . conductor : El dorado ... El dorado . he walk between the two seat , conceal the two from each other . they get up and start gather they thing . the conductor walk from between they and they see each other with suspicious stare , and turn away . the porter take they grip and exit . Paula exit coldly , Bob follow . scene 95 exterior car step and platform - medium close platform be dimly light . Paula descend , take she grip and tip the porter . Bob do the same , the two pay no attention to each other . porter : thank you , miss . thank you , suh . Paula walk around station to road . Bob turn to one of two or three small town character loung on the platform . as they talk , the train start to pull out . bob : be there a taxi around here I could hire ? man : ( meditating ) Wal ... about the only one be in the garage across the road , but it be not no taxi ... it 's a flivver . bob : thanks . he stride around the opposite end of the station from Paula . scene 96 bob be end of the station from road - medium close shot he come around the end of the station , head across the road . scene 97 paula' end of the station from road - medium close shot Paula be just hand she grip to a middle - age character in shirt sleeve . paula : you can leave it in the lobby . man : yes mar 'am . he exit . Paula start across the road . scene 98 station - from across road - full shot Bob and Paula walk across the road converge toward camera as if head for the same place . Bob be slightly behind , come diagonally . they catch sight of each other as they approach . Paula come to a sudden stop in the near side of the road , glaring coldly at Bob . paula : ( coldly ) be you follow I or be I follow you ? bob : ( grimly ) I be beginning to wonder myself . paula : ( sarcastically ) perhaps we can go from here together . bob : ( sardonically ) delighted ... where be you go ? Paula glare at he and march out of scene . Bob follow . scene 99 exterior garage entrance - medium close Paula stalk into the garage . Bob follow . scene 100 interior garage - toward entrance - medium shot a ramshackle interior litter with part of car . there be also a antique Ford touring car . the front corner contain a batter desk and ancient cash register . will holley be lean back against the wall , smoking a fray cigar and look through a sear -roebuck catalog ( a chic sale type ) . he be a small middle - age man , wizen and weather beat . Paula enter , Bob follow . holley beam a welcome , shutting the catalog and get up . holley : evenin ' , folk . Paula realize from he word that Bob have also enter and give a brief cold glance back and then address holley . scene 101 at paula and holley - medium close paula : do you run a taxi ? holley : yes , ma'am ... sort of . paula : how much will you charge to the madden ranch . scene 102 bob - closeup Bob watch off scene , surprised . holley's voice : ( off scene ... pensively ) well , let 's see ... twelve mile each way ... scene 103 at paula and holley - medium close holley be scratch he chin , half figure to himself . holley : ... twenty-four ... a gallon and a half ... ( he announce seriously ) ... seventy - five cent . paula : ( amuse ) all right . holley : ( add quickly ) ... and five cent tax . Paula nod again . holley exit . scene 104 at cash register - close shot holley enter , push the " no sale " key on the cash register and it fly open with a loud crash and jangle of a bell . holley carefully deposit he cigar in the money drawer and slam the register shut , exite from the scene . scene 105 at paula and bob - medium close they be both amused at holley 's character . during he ensue line , we hear holley cranking and start the Ford off scene . Bob look at Paula , amused . bob : so you be go to madden 's ? paula : yes ... but you be not . bob : ( chuckle ) I will have to ... this be the only cab . paula : ( stare at he in surprise ) be you really go there ? bob : ( grinning ) sure . Paula 's eye crinkle with amusement , then she start to laugh . paula : ( in apology ) I be sorry . bob : ( grinning ) you should be . scene 106 interior garage - medium shot - toward door - holley stop the car beside they and they get in . Bob slam the door . holley goose the rattly old motor and the car take a fly leap out of the garage . scene 107 exterior garage - at entrance - medium shot as the car rush out and swing sharply , the back wheel miss the ramp and bound violently down over the curb , roaring away down the road . scene 108 back seat - at two - close shot ( process ) ( the ensue scene of the ride be all process against the faintly light night desert . the sound of the speed rattling motor come into scene . ) Paula and Bob be half in each other 's lap from the bounce , and Paula 's hat be askew . they manage to get straighten out . Paula push she hat back to its normal position . bob : start out interestingly . scene 109 holley - close shot he play the ensue scene always look ahead , watch the road , but take a serious , talkative interest in he passenger . holley : ( seriously ) it get more interestin ' further on ... scene 110 at paula and bob - close shot they look in surprised amazement as the voice continue . ... finest country in the world . scene 111 at three - medium close side shot they rattle along in silence a instant . holley : you folk newlywed ? Paula and Bob glance at each other in amusement . bob : ( dryly ) no ... we have never meet before . holley : oh ... ( a instant 's pause ) well ... the desert 's a right nice place to meet . ( he squint at the sky critically . ) too bad the moon be not up ... the sky get mighty purty . scene 112 at paula and bob - close shot as she speak , she draw she coat collar more closely around she neck . Bob be surprised to see a large and lovely square cut emerald ring on she engagement finger . insert : of paula' hand on fur collar , show the emerald ring . back to scene : there be a flicker of disappointment in Bob 's face . Paula catch he look at she emerald . bob : ( with reluctant admiration ) Lovely emerald . Paula open she mouth to reply bit be interrupt by holley 's voice . holley's voice : ( off scene ... critically ) no ... it 's more deep blue ... except just after sunset . Bob turn and stare helplessly ahead at holley , then look back at Paula , and see she be amused . he grin . bob : ( quietly ) you have not tell I you name . holley's voice : will holley . Paula give he a flicker amused glance , then look at holley . paula : thanks . scene 113 holley - close shot he be seriously steering away and nod . holley : you be right welcome , ma'am . everyone know I around this part . scene 114 at three from side - medium close Paula turn to bob. paula : I be Paula Graham . bob : ( blurt quietly ) I be Bob Crawford . he end he word with a emphatic nod at holley as if say , " that 's a time I beat you . " holley : glad to meet you . Bob stare at he helplessly . do you know madden well ? Bob give up , sink back in he seat . bob : no. holley chatter on seriously . holley : neither do I . he do not stay here much . there 's just a chinese caretaker ... louie Wong ...and tony . louie go into Los Angeles yesterday ... he inherite some money . the last word make Bob sit up a little in alert interest . paula : ( amusedly ) and who 's tony ? holley : oh , he 's just a parrot . ( he chuckle ) the darn thing can talk chinese . folk around here call he the chinese parrot . Bob nod dryly . bob : that seem logical . holley : sure it do . scene 115 rear seat - at two - close shot Bob sink back defeat and silent . Paula look at he in amusement . he see she and grin sheepishly and then lean close to she and whisper . bob : ( whisper ) let 's whisper . fast dissolve to : scene 116 holley - close shot driving serenely along . he point ahead . holley : there 's the ranch ... they light up ahead . scene 117 at three - from side - medium close as Paula and Bob sit up and look ahead interestedly . scene 118 road ahead - from car - long moving shot ( process ) about three block ahead , off to one side of the road , be twinkle light . scene 119 at three - from side - medium close as Bob and Paula start sink back , there come from a distance two revolver shot . Bob and Paula sit up startle . bob : that be shot ! holley : ( surprise and startle ) sounded like a forty - five . bob : they seem to come from the ranch . holley : sure do . madden keep a lot of gun there ... but I can not figure he shoot at night . scene 120 road - at gate - medium shot as the car slow down and turn in the gate . ( in the ensue exterior shot , we see that the house be a luxurious rambling one story , Spanish structure , with landscape , cactus bed and shrubbery . ) the gate be partly close . holley let the nose of the car push they open and lean out to push the near gate . scene 121 toward garage - medium shot the garage be dark . the car 's headlight swing across it , revealing a middle - age man in prospector 's clothes , with a bearded face . he have stop and turn , crouching startedly , look toward the light . he dart off into the darkness . ( the whole scene be just a flash of action ) scene 122 interior car - all three - medium close Bob and Paula be stare toward the garage . holley be just come upright . bob : who be that ? holley : where ? bob : ( quickly ) by the garage . a man run past it . holley : ( frown ) do not see he . scene 123 car - at entance - close shot car stop in front of entrance . holley : I do not like the look of this goin 's on . bob : neither do i. he and Paula get out of the car and exit , Bob take he grip . scene 124 entrance - medium close shot Bob and Paula enter . Bob push the doorbell . we hear it ring faintly inside . there be a long delay . Bob ring it again . scene 125 at door - close shot as it be yank open about a foot , thorne appear , stare through the narrow open . he be a little dishevel and decidedly agitate , tremble nervously . thorne : ( snap angrily ) what do you want ? scene 126 bob and paula - close shot Bob and Paula be resentful at he manner . bob : we want to see Mr. madden . scene 127 at entrance - medium close thorne : he 's not home . he start to slam the door but Bob hold it . bob : wait a minute . you be thorne , be not you ? thorne stop he effort to close the door , stare questioningly . thorne : yes ? bob : I be Bob Crawford from San Francisco . madden 's expect I . thorne 's manner change magically . he be apologetic and suavely congenial , throw the door open . Paula and Bob enter . scene 128 interior live room - medium shot as they enter . ( the live room be very large and magnificently furnish ; low , comfortable furniture , a fine desk , soft light and a huge fireplace . on the wall be a large collection of firearm . thorne close the door . bob : Mr. thorne ... miss Graham . scene 129 at group - medium close thorne be slightly puzzle at the girl 's presence but bow suavely . thorne : how do you do . he turn to bob. ( smiling ) I be not expect you until tomorrow . we have to be careful in a isolate place like this . scene 130 bob - closeup he watch thorne steadily but appear to be nonchalant . bob : I do not blame you . we hear a couple of shot as we drive up . scene 131 thorne - closeup thorne be perfectly control by now . thorne : ( suavely ) I think I hear they , too ... that 's one reason I be suspicious of you . it be probably someone in the desert ... take pot shot at Jack rabbit . scene 132 paula - closeup she do not believe thorne at all . paula : you say that Mr. madden be not home ? scene 133 at group - medium close thorne : no ...he 's in Palm Springs . he will be back tomorrow noon . paula : do he mention the Imperial picture Corporation to you ... about use the ranch for location ? thorne immediately freeze up into blunt coldness , and from this instant on , he and Paula clash . thorne : then you be not here with Mr. Crawford ? paula : no ... they send I to ask Mr. madden if they could use the ranch Saturday . thorne : ( brusquely ) it will be impossible . scene 134 paula - closeup she be resentful . paula : but he say in he letter he would be glad to if we let he know a few day ahead . scene 135 closeup - thorne he be grim and terse , as if dismiss the subject . thorne : I know . I take the letter for he , but I can assure you he 's change he mind . scene 136 toward door - medium close paula : ( icily ) you will not be offended when I come back tomorrow and ask he myself . thorne shrug with a sardonic smile . thorne : not at all . paula : ( icily ) thank you . good night . she start for the door . Bob pick up he grip as if to leave . thorne eye the grip anxiously . bob : ask Mr. madden to call I at the hotel tomorrow . thorne : ( over -cordial ) wo not you stay here ? the Chief would expect you to be he guest . bob : well ... thanks - I will . Excuse I a minute . he put down the grip and hurry after Paula . scene 137 exterior entrance - medium close pan shot he join she outside the door . we pan with they across to the car , as they speak . bob : I be sorry you trip pan out this way . Paula smile and shrug . paula : I be use to a few disappointment . bob : you will be back tomorrow ? paula : yes . ( she look directly at Bob ) I think he be lie . bob : so do I . they reach the car . scene 138 at car holley : everything all right ? bob : we be still wonder . holley : umph ... do not see nothin ' more out here . ( to Paula ) like to ride up front ? paula : ( nodding ) thanks . scene 139 close shot - paula as she get in with holley . Bob close the door . bob : I be sorry that you have to put up at that one- horse hotel . paula : ( smiling ) I will be a lot happier than stay here . holley : ( nodding ) the room second floor front be right comfortable ... ' cept the one with the break spring . Paula smile and turn to bob. paula : good night . bob : good night . the car rattles away . Bob look after it . he be get very interested in Paula . he turn and look at the house , frown , and stride toward it . scene 140 interior live room - toward door - medium close shot thorne have pick up the suitcase and be eying it with interest . Bob enter unexpectedly . thorne lower the suitcase but continue to hold it . there be suppress eagerness in he voice . thorne : you bring the necklace ? bob : ( carelessly , but observe ) no ... I do not . thorne 's face darken . he can not help but stare in surprise . thorne : but I understand you to say -- bob : ( interrupt ) I come down to talk with madden and handle the transaction . dad 's send the string by messenger tomorrow . thorne be disappointed . thorne : oh , I see .... ( he be silent a moment , as if think ; then say , suavely ) ... if you like , I will show you you room . bob : ( nodding ) thanks . scene 141 toward hall - medium shot as thorne , carry the grip , lead Bob toward the hall . scene 142 interior hall - medium shot as thorne and Bob enter and cross to bedroom door , thorne enter first . scene 143 interior bedroom - medium shot as thorne enter and switch on the light . Bob follow . it be a very comfortably furnish bedroom . one set of window open on the patio , the second set on the driveway and garage side . thorne put down the grip . thorne : ( suavely ) you will have to excuse I . I be get some rush work out for the Chief when you arrive . bob : certainly . go right ahead . thorne : good night . Bob nod . thorne exit , close the door . Bob stare at the close door , through narrow eye . scene 144 interior hall - at door - medium close thorne also stare at the door , expressionlessly , rub he chin . after a instant he turn and go down the hall toward the other bedroom . slow dissolve to : scene 145 interior bob' bedroom - beside table - close pan shot in the darkness we faintly see a small clock on the bedside table . it register 2:18 . camera pan across to a close shot of Bob sleep . a shaft of light appear across he face . it widen and then narrow . Bob 's eye open , vacantly at first , then with swift consciousness . he lie motionless but stare out of scene . scene 146 toward door - bob' angle the door be open about two inch , a light come in from the hall . it silently close , leave the room dark . scene 147 at bed - medium close shot Bob sit upright , listen tensely . he climb quickly out of bed , come toward door . scene 148 at door - close shot as Bob cautiously open it and look out . scene 149 hall - bob' angle the light hallway be empty . scene 150 interior bedroom Bob softly close the door . from off scene come the sound of a car start in the garage . Bob hurry across to the window . scene 151 at window - close shot as he look out , keep to one side , so that he will not be see . scene 152 toward garage - long shot - bob' angle we see the garage in the distance . a large , expensive touring car with the top up , back quietly out and turn , roll quietly down the driveway . it seem empty except for thorne . the car disappear . scene 153 interior bedroom - at bob - close shot he stand look into the darkness , he eye narrow , he face grim , as we fade out . fade in : scene 154 interior bob' bedroom - at grip - close trucking shot we see Bob reach into he open grip . it come out with a .32 automatic . camera truck back , revealing Bob dress , except for he coat . he stick the gun in he hip pocket , pick up he coat and put it on as he exit . scene 155 interior hall - full shot as Bob enter . it be empty . he take a few step up toward the other bedroom . bob : thorne ? there be no answer . the place seem desert . Bob turn and exit toward the live room . scene 156 interior live room - full shot Bob enter and find live room also desert . he look around worriedly , then start toward the patio . as he do so , a metallic crash come into the scene . Bob turn , look toward dining room and cross to it . scene 157 interior dine room - full shot the table be set for two . a subdued noise come from the kitchen . Bob enter the kitchen . scene 158 interior kitchen - full shot as Bob enter , thorne in different clothes , be cooking breakfast . he be hot and dishevel , irritate at have to work . egg and bacon be sizzling in the fry pan , and a large metal pot of coffee stand on the stove . he see Bob and he face become more pleasant . thorne : oh ... ' morning , Crawford . how would you sleep ? bob : like a log . this desert air be something ! thorne : hungry ? bob : right . thorne : ( indicating stove ) this mess will not be much of a breakfast , but you will have to stand for it . we cook run out on we . Bob grin , crossing . scene 159 at stove - medium close bob : can I help ? thorne : it 's almost ready . he clumsily turn some bacon over and reach for the coffee pot , start to pick it up . the handle burn he painfully , and he drop it back on the stove with a crash and shake he hand , cursing under he breath . Bob be about to speak when a loud knock come on the kitchen door . both man turn . scene 160 at kitchen door - close shot Chan be stand in the doorway . we hardly recognize he . he be disguise as a poor chinese laborer , in blouse and pants and old shoe . he wear a batter , flat-brimmed hat . he look dusty and tired . scene 161 at thorne and bob - medium close shot Bob be slightly behind thorne . Bob be surprised , and a flicker of intense relief come into he face . thorne : ( snarl ) what do you want ? scene 162 at door - medium close as thorne enter scene . Chan speak humbly and apologetically . chan : I hungly , boss . walk many mile . mebbe catchum food for wouk . thorne gesture he to " beat it . " thorne : ( surily ) there 's nothing for you . go on , get out of here . Chan bow humbly and sadly . chan : velly solly . he turn wearily and start away from the door . thorne turn and exit . scene 163 at stove - medium close Bob show a flicker of disappointment . thorne enter to stove . bob : ( carelessly ) seem a shame to turn the old bird away . thorne : ( almost a snarl ) ah ... they be pest ! he start to pick up a fry pan ... get a idea suddenly and quickly put the pan down , turn and hurry toward the door . scene 164 exterior kitchen - at door - medium shot Chan be shuffle slowly away . the kitchen door fly open and thorne take a step outside . thorne : ( eagerly ) hey !... wait a minute ! c'mere ! Chan turn back . scene 165 at kitchen door - medium close as Chan enter scene . thorne : can you cook ? Chan 's face brighten , he head bob . chan : yes , boss . Long time I number one boy and cook ... big house . thorne : ( relieved ) you have get a job . ( nodding toward kitchen ) come on in . scene 166 interior kitchen - medium shot a flicker of elation come into Bob 's face , which be quickly conceal as thorne enter , follow by Chan . thorne : ( to Chan ) what 's you name ? chan : ah Kim . thorne : ( nodding ) you can stay until we cook come back ... understand ? Chan nod . thorne indicate bedroom door of kitchen . he sleep there . ( as he continue , he start dish up the breakfast ) get out of that filthy rag and put on some of he clothes . thorne pick up the platter of egg and bacon , and some plate . Chan bow and start for the bedroom , as thorne add : bring the coffee in first . ( turn to Bob ) no more work . I be glad I think of this . bob : ( with a faint smile ) so be I . thorne exit into dining room . scene 167 at kitchen door - close shot Bob start to follow . scene 168 chan - closeup he shoot a silent , inquire glance at bob. scene 169 bob - at door - close shot he give a silent shake of he head and a decidedly warning glance . he exit . scene 170 chan - at stove - medium close Chan look after Bob . his eye narrow slightly . he turn , pick up the coffee pot and exit . scene 171 interior dine room - at table - medium close he pass the platter to thorne . thorne : ( dish up he egg ) I be drive into Palm Springs after breakfast to get madden . you would better stay here and meet the messenger . bob : good idea . there be a flicker of relief in thorne 's face , which Chan note as he pour Bob 's coffee . he amble quietly into the kitchen . fast dissolve to : scene 172 exterior garage - medium shot thorne be back the touring car out . he turn it and drive it out of scene . scene 173 reverse angle - toward gate and road - full shot as the car drive out through he gate and turn in the opposite direction from El dorado , drive away . scene 174 interior live room - at front window - medium close Chan , dress in nicer chinese costume , with full sleeve blouse , pants , and sandal , be stand at the window watch the departure of thorne . Bob be behind he , also watch . he have evidently be tell Chan about he arrival . bob : --- and he look into my room to see if I be asleep . he drive away right afterward . chan : ( turn to he ) and two shot sound like .45 revolver ? bob : that 's what holley think . Chan nod thoughtfully . chan : also interesting that chinese servant be absent . he look around the room with careless scrutiny . present location very agreeable place for murder ... his eye fasten on the gun display out of scene . ... with plenty gun . he exit from scene , Bob follow . scene 175 at gun - medium close shot as Chan enter , Bob follow . Chan inspect the array of gun with interest . insert : of gun collection - there angle on a dark wood panel a amazingly complete collection of gun and revolver , chiefly of the frontier era , hang on hook - the rifle on two hook , support they barrel and trigger - guard , the revolver on one hook through they trigger - guard . they range from the huge buffalo gun to a single tiny single shot derringer . beneath each gun a small card be hold by two tack , bear the name of the model . back to scene : Chan take a revolver and break open the cylinder , inspect it . we see that it be load . he hang it up and take a second revolver . it be also load . chan : much fuel tempt man to build fire . Chan 's attention focus on the lower right -hand corner of the panel which be empty , although not particularly noticeable . he squat down and scrutinize the corner through narrow eye . chan : observe unusual fact that revolver recently take from group . bob : ( startle ) where ? Chan indicate the corner . Bob kneel down beside it . insert : of corner Chan 's hand be in scene , indicate three hole in the wood ... one large and two small one below , and finger streak in the fine field of dust , as he speak . chan's voice : ( off scene ) hook and two tack remove ... finger make mark in dust collect since servant leave . back to scene : bob : might have collect some time ago . chan : ( shake head ) highly polished gun indicate frequent clean . Chan come upright , Bob follow . bob : ( stare at he ) do you think thorne could have kill madden ? this trip to Palm Springs may be a stall until the necklace come . chan : ( shrugge ) most convenient method of obtain same . at breakfast , thorne be most anxious about time of arrival . ( he look keenly around the room and start for the hall ) suggest we investigate owner 's bedroom . scene 176 live room - medium shot as the two cross toward the hall , Chan 's eye scrutinize the furniture and wall . they exit into hall . scene 177 interior hall - full shot they hurry along the hall and enter madden 's bedroom . scene 178 interior madden' bedroom - full shot Chan scrutinize the furniture , then study the wall . his eye narrow . he turn to scrutinize a large rectangular painting of a lovely river scene which hang on the side wall beyond the foot of the bed . the side of the bed be against the wall . chan : ( mildly ) note that paint river start move again after long time stand still . Bob be puzzle . Chan indicate the end wall . Bob turn to look . insert : of wall - there angle we see a large faint rectangle lighter than the plaster wall around it , where the plaster have be protect by the picture . back to scene : as Chan cross to the painting . scene 179 at painting - close shot Chan examine the picture as Bob enter scene . he pull the picture out , start to look at its back , then see something on the wall behind it . he quickly pull the picture aside , indicate wall . insert : of wall with picture pulled away the plaster have be shattered by a large size bullet hole . chan's voice : one of bullet account for . back to scene : Chan replace the picture and turn , look around the room . he exit . scene 180 bedroom - medium shot Chan cross , study floor and furniture in relation to the picture . he look at the bed - then pull it aside , look at the rug . his face get grim . chan : bed also hastily move to cover crime . Bob cross quickly . they look at floor . insert : of floor a large ugly pool have dry on the light color carpet . chan's voice : second bullet repose in victim . back to scene : Bob be slightly daze at this actual proof of the crime . bob : then madden must have be lie in here when thorne come to the door ! no wonder he do not want to let we in ! chan : ( nodding ) take body away in car last night . ( a ominous note ) suggest patiently wait for gentleman 's return . as they look at each other , we fast dissolve to : scene 181 interior live room - day - at clock - close truck shot - a antique clock show 12:30 . I tick with madden slowness . the camera truck back to a medium shot . Bob be pace up and down , he face grim . he suddenly stop and turn , as he hear a approach car slow down , turn in at the gate . Bob stride toward the front door and exit . scene 182 exterior front door - close shot as Bob come out , he come to a daze stop , stare off scene . scene 183 toward driveway - bob' angle get out of the car , and stride toward camera , be madden himself , not only alive , but hale and hearty . thorne be lift two handbags out of the back seat . scene 184 at bob - medium close pan shot as madden enter scene extend he hand cordially . madden : ( his brisk drive self ) Crawford ? Bob nod , shaking hand , unable to find word . madden : I be sorry I be not here to receive you ... do not expect anyone until today . thorne make you comfortable ? as he speak the last sentence , he go on inside , Bob move with he . bob : yes . thorne follow with the grip . scene 185 interior livin room - medium shot as they enter . thorne follow and exit toward the bedroom . scene 186 at madden and bob - medium close madden scrutinize bob. madden : ( bluntly ) thorne say you do not bring the necklace . Bob hesitates . he be still try to recover ... try to figure out this surprising turn of event . bob : no ... it 's come today . madden : ( his eye narrowly ) be here any particular object in you come ahead ? bob : well ... yes . we can not be too careful on a big deal like this . you change you mind have we worried . madden : ( snort angrily ) nonsense ! I tell you father twice on the phone I want it down here . bob : ( slightly resentful ... stiffly ) you give we very definite instruction about New York . madden see Bob 's resentment and chuckle . madden : well , you do not need to worry any more . it 's my responsibility the minute you turn it over . as madden speak , thorne enter . scene 187 toward dine room - medium close Chan come in from the kitchen carry a armful of firewood . he look off scene and come to a stop . scene 188 live room - he angle we see a side view of madden 's face . scene 189 at chan - close shot he show no surprise except that he eye narrow slightly . he exit toward fireplace . scene 190 live room - medium shot Chan cross , pay no attention to the other . madden look at he , then stare at thorne . madden : who 's this ? thorne : ( carelessly ) a new cook I get to take louie 's place . ( turn to Chan , indicate madden ) this be you boss , ah Kim . chan : ( bob humbly ) glad to see you , boss . madden nod . Chan turn back and pile the wood in the holder . madden turn tersely to bob. madden : Excuse I while I clean up . come along , thorne . the two exit into the hall , Bob and Chan look after they . scene 191 bob and chan - medium close Bob turn to Chan , helplessly . bob : ( speak quickly in a low voice ) he 's alive ... who on earth be kill ? chan : ( stare thoughtfully toward hall ) answer would be of most importance . bob : ( frown ... shrug ) I hate to do it , but it look like we have get to deliver the pearl . chan : ( firmly ) humbly take upon myself responsibility of refuse to do so . bob : ( surprise ) why ? chan : promise be give Mrs. Jordan to protect necklace until time of safe delivery . disturb fact continue to suggest danger . bob : ( stare ) what now ? scene 192 chan - closeup chan : both man tell lie . they do not come from Palm Springs . scene 193 bob - closeup Bob stare at he , startle , suddenly tense at this news . bob : how do you know ? scene 194 at two - medium close chan : ( shrugge ) to say place and back be ninety mile . brazenly take liberty of examine car speedometer this morning and now . amazing instrument show trip of forty - four mile . Bob be silent and perturb . Chan add quietly : suggest madden hoo-mali-mali until mystery clear away . Bob look over at he evenly , think it over . bob : stall he along , eh ? ( he nod grimly ) all right , Charlie ... I be with you . chan : thank you so much . he turn and amble out of scene . scene 195 interior live room - medium shot Chan exit into dining room . the doorbell buzze off scene . Bob turn curiously and cross to the door . scene 196 at door - medium close as Bob open it , revealing Paula in a cool smart white outfit . there be a look of grim determination on she face . the glare change to a surprised smile . paula : oh...hello . as she come in , Bob chuckle . bob : all gird for battle , eh? paula : yes . be he here ? Bob nod . scene 197 live room - toward hall medium close bob be voice : ( off scene ) I will ask he to see you . as he speak , madden enter from the hall . a look of surprise and annoyance as he see the two . he exit toward they . scene 198 at group - medium close Bob introduce the two . bob : this be Mr. madden ... miss Graham . madden : oh yes ... you write I about use the ranch . paula : Mr. thorne say you would change you mind . madden : he be right . it will be impossible . Paula look at he coldly with a little resentment . paula : I be sorry . it mean a black mark against I with the company . I promise they they could have it and they have make all they arrangement , except the date . madden : ( with a slight smile ) you be a little premature , be not you ? scene 199 paula - closeup paula : ( swiftly ) I do not know why . I have the word of P. J. madden ... scene 200 madden - closeup madden look at she with a glint of admiration , as she continue : paula' voice : ( off scene - continue ) ... perhaps I be foolish in believe the old rumor that it 's never be break . scene 201 at group - medium close madden look at she in grim amusement for a instant . madden : I be not lick very often , young lady ... but you win . Paula give he a relieved smile . paula : thank you . scene 202 live room - at hall entrance as madden continue , thorne enter . he give a frown of acute displeasure at madden 's word . madden' voice : ( off scene ) I be leave Saturday night for Chicago . you can use the ranch on Sunday . thorne , fume , exit toward the group . scene 203 at group - medium shot - toward door as thorne approach the group , Paula prepare to leave . paula : ( to madden ) I will wire the company right away . madden nod . as she turn to the door , she give thorne a mockingly sweet smile . paula : how do you do , Mr. thorne . thorne bow stiffly . Paula and Bob exit . scene 204 exterior entrance - at two - medium close truck shot - holley 's Ford be stand in the drive . Paula have drive it out alone . we truck with they as they walk slowly to the car . Bob look at she thoughtfully . bob : I suppose he tell you you be beautiful . paula : ( surprise ) who ? Bob gloomily indicate she hand . bob : you fiancee . that ring mean you be engage , I suppose . scene 205 paula - close shot Paula glance at the ring , and then look back at he , she eye twinkle in amusement . paula : it do look that way , do not it ? scene 206 at two - close shot Bob grin and shake he head . bob : do not tell I you be marrying a movie actor ? paula : ( laugh ) of course not . he 's really very nice . Bob nod . bob : I imagine I would dislike he marvelously . what 's he name ... ( disparagingly ) ... wilbur ? they be at the car . Bob open the door . Paula frown at he disapprovingly . paula : certainly not ... it 's jack. bob : ( grunting ) he 's still wilbur to I ! scene 207 at car - close shot as Paula get in laugh and sit down , Bob shut the door and lean on it , look at she sadly . bob : ( shake he head ) the idea of a girl like you get marry . here you be roam free and happy , around the desert and hill and canyon ... and you want to tie yourself down to a two- room apartment and a gas range . paula : ( amusedly ) we might be able to afford a may . bob : ( shake he head ) it would still be terrible . ( with feel ) imagine mend wilbur 's sock ! paula : I tell you he name be Jack . bob : ( quickly ) what of it ? he will be just as hard on the sock . scene 208 paula - closeup she look at he with mock seriousness . paula : there 's something in what you say . scene 209 bob - closeup bob : ( shake he head , gloomily ) I have only scratch the surface . scene 210 at two - close shot Paula laugh and shake she head . paula : you will have to tell I the rest later . ( she start the car motor ) I have get to get back and send that telegram . bob : ( nodding ) all right . ( with sudden interest ) be wilbur bald -headed ? Paula give he a angry stare and drive abruptly out of scene , and Bob grin after she , as we fade out . fade in : scene 211 kitchen - medium shot - night the kitchen be spic and span . Chan with a apron still around he waist have just finish work . he be carry a last stack of dish across to the cupboard . scene 212 at cupboard - close shot he set the dish into the cupboard with a emphatic disgust bang , push the door shut . he wipe he sleeve across he hot forehead and give a sigh of relief . madden' voice : ( off scene , bellow furiously ) Crawford ! Chan 's eye narrow . he hurriedly exit . scene 213 kitchen - at door to dine room - medium close as Chan enter , he push the door open a inch and listen . scene 214 interior live room - medium shot madden be pace up and down , seethe with anger , chew on a cigar . Bob enter from the hall . bob : yes ? he cross toward madden . the latter savagely fling he cigar in the fireplace . madden : I be get feed up with this delay . what 's become of that messenger ?! scene 215 at two - medium close bob : I do not know . he ought ... madden interrupt angrily as he exit from scene , he voice come back . madden : ( interrupt ) I be go to call you father and find out ! Bob be startle and alarmed . he exit out of the scene after madden . scene 216 at phone - medium close as madden enter . madden : what 's he home number ? Bob enter scene speak casually , sit down at the phone and pick up receiver , as he speak . bob : I will call he for you . ( into phone ) get I San Francisco ... montrose 3531 . fast pan dissolve to : scene 217 interior crawford library - at chair - medium close small section of a richly furnish room . Crawford in a dress gown , be read . the phone be on a small table by the chair . it ring . Crawford pick it up . crawford : hello ? scene 218 at madden and bob - close shot he sit up , startle . crawford : why , he leave ... scene 220 at madden and bob - close shot Bob speak quickly , fake startle surprise . bob : he do not ? madden rage . scene 221 crawford - close shot he stare at the phone , frown , realize there be something wrong . he speak in a low voice , guardedly . crawford : you mean Chan have not show up at all ? scene 222 at bob and madden - close shot Bob see a chance to get over a message to he father . he glance up at madden as he reply , emphasize the first word . it look as if he be speak about madden . bob : yes ..... but he 's be worried under the circumstance ... so have I ... ( he appear resentful ) why do not you let we know he would not get here till Sunday ? he emphasize the word " Sunday " hope he father will get the idea . madden be purple , glaring at bob. madden : ( bellow ) Sunday ?! ( he grab the phone ) let I have that phone ! ( he bellow into it ) look here , Crawford . what do you mean you have not start that necklace yet ?! scene 223 crawford - close shot we see that he have get Bob 's message . he think fast , and speak with mild apology . crawford : I be terribly sorry , Mr. madden ... it be unavoidable . one of the string break when it be be clean . I be have they re-strung on ... scene 224 at madden and bob - medium close madden interrupt furiously , almost shouting : madden : just a minute , Crawford ! can you understand the English language ? who ask you to have them clean ... re-strung ... keep still ! I will talk ! ( he do not notice the relief in Bob 's face ) I tell you I want them today ! at once ! I have a good mind to call the whole thing off ! Bob hold he breath . scene 225 crawford - close shot crawford : ( gently ) I be sorry . they will be ready late tomorrow . the best I can do be deliver they Sunday ... if you still want they . scene 226 at madden and bob - medium close madden control himself with a effort . madden : well ... I guess I will have to wait ... if you promise to have they here . ( a pause ... he nod grimly ) all right ... but this be the last time I deal with you , my friend ! he slam up the receiver . scene 227 chan - at kitchen door - medium shot Chan give a slight smile and nod of approval and amble away from the door into the kitchen . scene 228 interior live room - medium shot Bob get up from the phone , shrugging . bob : tough luck . madden : ( grunting angrily ... speak bluntly ) there 's no use wait up any longer . you will excuse I , Crawford . he stride out into the hall . Bob look after he with a faint smile , then turn and start to pick up a magazine , when he be suddenly freeze with horror . into scene come a terrifying scream and blood curdle call for help . voice : ( scream - half - choke ) help ! help ! murder ! put down that gun ! the scream come from the patio . Bob make a lunge through the screen door . the scream cover he rush , stop as he exit . scene 229 patio - medium shot it be dark , except for soft light through window . it contain comfortable wicker furniture and pot plant . it be empty as Bob burst out . scene 230 at bob - close shot Bob look searchingly around . the scream come again almost in he ear . voice : help ! murder ! Bob wheel startedly . scene 231 parrot on perch - bob' angle a close shot of a huge vari-color parrot sit on a perch in the shadow . it cock its head on one side , look curiously at Bob and say in a normal voice . parrot : hello . scene 232 interior patio - medium shot madden , thorne and Chan rush into the patio from different direction , madden through the screen door . thorne be agitate and tremble like a leaf . scene 233 at madden and bob - medium close madden turn to Bob , strangely apologetic and pleasant , anxious to explain . scene 234 chan - close shot he be watch the group narrowly . madden' voice : ( off scene ) he go on a tear like that every once in a while when he get excited . scene 235 thorne - chan be angle - close shot thorne be still tremble , make a effort to control a unnatural startle fear . scene 236 at bob and madden - medium close bob : ( seemingly suspicious ) he certainly give I a terrific jolt . there seem to be relief in madden 's face . he chuckle congenially . madden : I can imagine . he 's have a pretty scarlet past knock around sailor 's dive . a sea captain give he to I five year ago . scene 237 parrot - close shot the parrot blink solemnly at the group . parrot : do not crowd gentleman ... one at a time , please . scene 238 at group - medium shot madden : ( chuckle ) that go back to he bedroom day . he look at the parrot critically and nod . madden : he 's calm down now . ( admonishingly ) behave yourself , tony . scene 239 parrot - close shot he blink and cock he head , speak in a very high , coy , female voice . parrot : oh , hon-ey ... not tonight ..... please . scene 240 at group - medium close Bob can not restrain a grin . bob : he seem to have be everywhere . madden chuckle . madden : I do not doubt it . good night . ( he turn to thorne tersely ) come along , thorne . I will sign that letter before I turn in . he go into the house . thorne start to follow reluctantly . scene 241 parrot - close shot parrot : ( in a sing song voice ) sung kai low hop . scene 242 chan - closeup Chan 's eye gleam with sudden interest , but he be casual as he reply . chan : gee fung low hop . scene 243 at group - medium shot thorne who have come to a stop and whirl about angrily , glaring at Chan . thorne : ( angrily ) that 's enough , ah Kim ! do not get he excited again ! leave he alone ! Chan bob apologetically . chan : solly , boss . funny pallot . him talk chinese . thorne nod impatiently . thorne : ( tersely ) yes , of course . you will not be need any more . go on to bed . Chan bow humbly and disappear in the direction of the kitchen in the darkness . thorne : ( to Bob ) good night , Crawford . bob : good night . thorne go inside . Bob take another thoughtful glance at the parrot . fade out . fade in : scene 244 kitchen - day - medium shot Chan have be wash dish . as we come to scene , he gather the fry pan off the stove and carry they to the sink . scene 245 at sink - medium close Chan enter . he sigh and start to wash a fry pan , glance out the window . he stop , tensely alert , stare . scene 246 patio - through window - chan's angle we see the patio on the other side of a wall . the parrot 's perch project above the wall . it be empty . scene 247 interior kitchen - medium shot Chan hurriedly cross to the door and exit . scene 248 exterior rear of house - medium shot as Chan exit and cross around to the patio . scene 249 interior patio - medium close shot toward chan he enter the patio and come to a stop , he eye narrowing . scene 250 base of perch - chan's angle the parrot be lie limply on the stone flagging , at the foot of the perch , dead . scene 251 at chan - medium close pan shot he cross and kneel down beside the parrot . scene 252 at parrot - close shot as Chan kneel feel the body . he run he hand over the feather carefully , look for a wound . there be none . Chan look around , then get up . scene 253 at perch - medium close as Chan get up , he look at the perch . he dip he finger in the water cup and taste it . it seem all right . he take the food cup out ... empty some of the parrot seed into he hand , poke it with a finger . he see something . insert : of hand his finger poke the seed . we see grey powder mix with the seed . back to scene : he gingerly touch he finger to he tongue . it have a bitter taste . he spit it out , rub he tongue on the back of he hand . he put the container back , put the seed in it , and brush off he hand . he hurry toward the dining room door . scene 254 interior dine room - medium shot madden , thorne , and Bob be smoking over they breakfast coffee . Chan clatter in excitedly , watch thorne 's and madden 's face . chan : ( indicating patio ) poah litta tony on glound ... he dead . madden and thorne be both astound . madden 's face blacken . he jump up with a muttere curse , throw down he napkin and rush outside , follow by thorne . Bob give Chan a puzzle look as they follow . scene 255 interior patio - at perch - medium close madden stop , stare down at the dead bird with grim sorrow that seem extremely genuine . he kneel down , stroking the limp form . madden : ( softly ) go west ...eh , old boy ? ( he be silent a instant , then seem to rouse himself ) I hate to lose he after all this year . thorne nod sympathetically . thorne : louie say he have not be well lately . he be get pretty old , Chief . madden : yes ...he live a long time . ( he pick up the parrot and rise , shaking he head ) this will break louie 's heart . chan : ( holding out he hand ) you want I take he , boss ? I put he in glound . madden : no ... I be go to have tony around here as long as I keep the ranch . ( to thorne ) run I into El dorado , thorne . I be go to ship he to Los Angeles and have he mount . thorne nod . the two start to turn toward the house , but stop , listen intently . we hear a car come through the gate , off scene . scene 256 toward garage driveway - there angle - long shot a big sedan drive in and skid to stop in front of the garage . scene 257 at car - medium close gamble , a beady eye , fussy little man of middle age , clamber briskly out , wave a greeting . gamble : hello , p.j.! glad to see you . as he speak the last word , he start digging a big suitcase , briefcase and topcoat out of the car . scene 258 at group - medium shot Bob and Chan be curious about the new arrival . madden be grimly exasperate . he and thorne exchange glance , and madden shrug angrily . gamble breeze in . he always speak rapidly , not give other much chance to talk . gamble : hello , thorne . how have you be , p.j . ( he note the bird ) well , well ... the old parrot die , eh ? probably hypertrophic cirrhosis . too bad . ( he look at Bob ) who 's this ? madden : Mr. Crawford ... Professor gamble the zoologist . scene 259 at bob and gamble - medium close as they shake hand . gamble : do you ever study the sauromalus ater ? bob : no. gamble : ( shake head ) too bad . it 's very interesting . scene 260 at group - medium close gamble turn back to madden . gamble : Nice of you to let I use the ranch . madden be unusually angry . he control himself . madden : ( testily ) I do not expect you down until after I would leave . we will be pretty crowded . gamble wave this aside serenely . gamble : oh , that will not bother I . I will be on the desert most of the time . ( he turn to Chan ) here boy , take my thing . Chan take the topcoat , grip and briefcase , study the man without appear to . thorne : ( to Chan ) put them in the guest bedroom . madden : ( to gamble ) thorne and I be just start into town , when ... gamble : ( interrupt ) splendid ... get right in my car and I will drive you in . we can have a talk on the way . there be no escape the man . madden hesitates ... glance helplessly at thorne . madden : all right ... see you later , Crawford . Bob enter . they exit . Bob enter the house . scene 261 interior guest bedroom - medium shot Chan arrange the grip by the bed and start toward the closet with the topcoat . off scene the car drive away . Bob enter . bob : gamble go with them . do you think he 's mix up in this ? chan : ( shrugge ) large sugar bowl draw many fly . he enter the closet . scene 262 interior closet - close shot some hunt tog hang on the pole . Chan put the topcoat on a hanger . he start to push the hunt tog aside . he stop , peer closely at the shoulder of the hunt coat . insert : hunting coat we see splotches of dust and cobweb on top of the shoulder . back to scene : Chan peer up at the top of the closet . insert : closet ceiling in the dimness we see a square wood trap door entrance into attic . back to scene : he turn back to the bedroom . chan : ( indicating upward ) suggest investigate recently use entrance to upper region . scene 263 interior bedroom - toward closet - medium close bob : where ? he hurry to the closet , peer upward . he come back out and grab a chair , carry it in . scene 264 interior closet - medium shot Bob place the chair and clamber on it , lift the trap door aside . scene 265 interior attic - medium shot as the trap door shove aside and Bob 's head appear . the attic be about four foot high , the flatly sloping roof slant lower to meet the beam . there be no floor , except the beam and plaster . the attic be dark . Bob hoist himself through and strike a match , look around . bob : do not see a thing . ( he suddenly catch sight of something ) wait ... here 's something ! ( the match burn out ) Bob walk across on the beam , lift a large valise from between two beam , carry it across and lower it to Chan , follow . scene 266 interior closet - medium shot as Chan take the grip into the bedroom , Bob lower himself to the chair and follow . scene 267 interior bedroom - toward bed - medium shot as Chan cross and set the grip on the bed , Bob follow he . scene 268 at grip - close shot Chan lift out shirt , sock , handkerchief , and a toilet case , examine they and lay they aside . he lift out a fold suit coat , rapidly search the pocket , find nothing . he look at the label on the inside pocket . his eye narrow . he show the label to bob. insert : of label in print : " Louis & barne , Inc. 47th & Broadway , New York , n.y . " on the name line be write in ink : " jerry delaney " back to scene : Bob stare grimly at Chan . bob : the man thorne murder ? Chan shrug and go on hunt . he feel in the inside coat pocket and bring out a stub of a railroad ticket . chan : ( reading ) Chicago to Palm Springs ... ( he turn the ticket over ) ... purchase February 8th. bob : ( stare excitedly ) that would get he to Palm spring the 11th ... Wednesday ... the night before I get here . Chan nod thoughtfully . he take out a fold vest and search the pocket . in the right hand lower one , he find a rather old fashioned watch . he suddenly start examine the watch pocket itself , turn it inside out . it be chamois line . chan : note chamois line watch pocket . bob : ( surprise ) what about it ? chan : specially construct right side of vest . scene 269 bob - close shot Bob instinctively feel in he right hand pocket . bob : well , that 's correct ... ( surprise ) ... no it be not . you usually carry you watch on the leave . scene 270 chan - close shot chan : ( nodding ) because easier to reach with coat buttone . murdered man be left-handed . scene 271 at two - medium close bob : ( helplessly ) but where do he fit in ?... why would thorne kill he ? chan : have hope to learn same from late parrot . bob : ( nodding ) tony must have hear everything . chan : for which he receive sad reward of be poison . bob : ( startle ) poison ? chan : ( nodding ) with arsenic . only remain witness be bearded man you see run past garage night you arrive . bob : ( grunting hopelessly ) no chance of find he . it would be like hunt for a needle in a haystack . chan : only require careful inspection of hay . he reach under he blouse and pull from a pocket a old batter top of a canteen bottle . person in question run on to desert where pack donkey be wait ... lose top to canteen bottle in darkness . bob : that do not tell much who he be . chan : man who sit by side of road see world pass by . will ask storekeeper in El dorado . fade out . fade in : scene 272 mountain trail - medium shot - day Chan puff up the last few step of a steep trail and reach level ground . he give a sigh of relief , mop he forehead and look around with interest . scene 273 exterior shack - medium shot - chan's angle a small one- room shack build of odd and end of wood and tin . it be desert . a burro be tethere nearby . scene 274 at chan - medium close he exit from scene toward shack . scene 275 front of shack - medium close as Chan enter . a prospector 's outfit , include a shovel and pick , be park on a bench outside the door . lying beside it be a old canteen with shiny new top . Chan examine it . scene 276 toward hillside - medium shot hewitt , the man we have see at madden 's , come stride down the hillside , lighting a pipe . he come to a startle stop in foreground , glaring suspiciously off scene , then stride on . scene 277 exterior shack - medium shot hewitt stride past the end of it . hewitt : ( in gruff suspicion ) what be you doin ' here ? Chan turn , put down the bottle , drop the role of ah Kim . chan : humbly request important information . hewitt : ( more on guard than ever ) what about ? chan : wish to learn what take place at madden ranch Thursday night . scene 278 hewitt - close shot his face become mask - like and grim . hewitt : how should I know ? I be not be around there for a month . scene 279 at two - medium close Chan shake he head and take the old canteen top from he pocket . chan : found top to you canteen near garage . hewitt : ( stare at Chan ) I lose that a long time ago when I be down seein ' louie . chan : ( indicating bottle ) and yet only buy new top yesterday at El dorado store . hewitt : ( angrily ) look here ... I do not know what you be drivin ' at ... but I do not know nothin ' about madden , see ? chan : ( suddenly ... loudly ) help ! murder ! put down that gun ! hewitt jump startedly , drop he pipe . he pick it up . Chan smile and shake he head . humbly suggest that you tell truth . will save most troublesome interview with police . hewitt : ( stare at he ) you mean I will not get drag into it ? chan : most correct . only desire be to solve mystery . scene 280 hewitt - close shot he stare a instant and seem satisfied that Chan be honest . hewitt : all right ... I will tell yuh . louie 's a old friend of mine , and I stop by to see he . I hear someone yell for help in madden 's bedroom and then there be two shot . scene 281 at two - medium close chan : where be you at time ? hewitt : outside the patio . I sneak across and look in the window . a man be lyin ' in there on the floor . chan : you see who he be ? hewitt : no ...he would fall halfway behind the bed . chan : what kind of gun do thorne shoot with ? scene 282 hewitt - closeup he stare at Chan in surprise , blurt he word . hewitt : thorne do not kill the guy ... the big boss himself do it ! madden ! scene 283 chan - closeup Chan stare out of scene , suddenly tense at this astounding news . his eye be narrow . chan : madden ?!... he be there ?! hewitt's voice : ( off scene ) sure . he be standin ' there with a smokin ' .45 in he hand , glarin ' down at the guy on the floor . scene 284 at two - medium close thorne be way over on one side of the room . chan : ( quietly ) thank you so much . fade out . fade in : scene 285 station - telegraph window - night - medium close Bob be at the window . the operator finish count word and write number . operator : eighty -four cent . Bob pay he . the operator verify the address . operator : ( reading ) Alexander ... be that Crawford ? bob : yes . the operator nod . Paula enter with a write telegraph form . paula : hello there . bob : ( a mock frown ) follow I again ? Paula laugh and turn to operator . paula : will you send this right away ? she hand he the money with it . bob : wiring good - night to wilbur ? paula : no. bob : do you think he would mind if I drive you back to the hotel ? as he speak they start to exit . paula : ( laugh ) why it 's only four door down the street ! fast pan disolve to : scene 286 STREET - at curb - medium close the car stop . Bob shut off the motor . bob : a swell ride . Paula laugh . they get out . scene 287 exterior HOTEL - medium close they walk up onto the desert hotel veranda . off scene we hear the distant whistle of the approach night train . scene 288 veranda - at door - medium close they come to a stop . Bob look at Paula . bob : ( thoughtfully ) you know , I may as well confess something . paula : what ? bob : ( shake head ) if you be not engage to wilbur , I honestly think I would find myself fall in love . paula : ( her eye twinkle ) that would be awful , would not it ? bob : ( nodding ... with feel ) good old wilbur ... he 's save my freedom . ( with sudden eagerness ) will you be at the ranch tomorrow with the movie company ? paula : ( a laugh nod ) yes ... but I promise not to bother you . ( add softly ) good-night ... Bob . she enter . the door close . Bob stand look at it . he turn out of scene . scene 289 at step and sidewalk - medium close as Bob come down the step , he suddenly stop , stare toward the road in surprise . scene 290 road - bob be angle - pan shot gamble be drive past in he sedan . we pan with the car . it stop beside the railroad station ... about two hundred foot away . the train , off scene , be approach . scene 291 bob - medium close shot Bob watch in alert suspicion and move slowly down the sidewalk in the shadow , watch off scene . scene 292 station platform - medium shot as the train pull in , gamble cross from he car to the platform . maydorf get off the train . he be dress much the same as in San Francisco . gamble greet he . scene 293 bob - close shot he show startle surprise at the sight of maydorf . his face get grim and he eye narrow as he watch . scene 294 station platform - medium shot a quaint little old chinaman get off , one car down , carry a carpet bag , and walk across the platform . it be louie Wong , dress in a amusing , ill-fitting civilian suit . gamble and maydorf give a brief glance at he as they say a few word , then cross quickly to gamble 's car and get in . scene 295 at bob and STREET - medium shot Bob watch the car start swiftly in the direction of the madden ranch . Bob walk back to he car . scene 296 at car - medium close shot as Bob climb into the car , louie Wong enter scene . he recognize the car . his face light eagerly and he hurry to it . scene 297 at car - close shot Bob turn in surprise as he come up to it . he speak rapidly . his face beam with friendliness . wong : you dlive boss ' auto . mebbe go to lanch now ? I louie Wong . mebbe takum I along , please ? Bob 's face light with alert interest as he realize louie 's identity . bob : sure ... get right in . louie bob gratefully , get in the back seat . wong : thank you velly much . Bob start the motor and drive out of scene . scene 298 road - medium shot as the car head quickly away toward the ranch . dissolve to : scene 299 ranch gate - medium shot - night as Bob drive up to it and come to a stop . the gate be close . scene 300 at car - close shot Bob look at the close gate in puzzle surprise . louie quickly open the back seat door . wong : I open . he exit toward gate . scene 301 at gate - from opposite side - close shot louie enter and reach over the gate for the latch . we see that it be wedge with a small stick . louie have a little difficulty get it out . scene 302 at gate - medium shot as louie swing the gate open and stand aside , Bob drive through and as the headlight go past , louie and the gate be leave in darkness . scene 303 at garage - medium shot Bob drive the car in , turn off the motor and light and get out . as he come out of the garage , Chan come from the direction of the house , carry a flashlight . scene 304 exterior garage door - at two - medium close as Bob step out of the doorway , he and Chan meet . bob : hello , ah Kim . I bring home a playmate for you ... ( he nod significantly toward gate ) ... louie Wong . Chan 's eye show a gleam of interest . he turn toward the gate . Bob also turn . scene 305 driveway - toward gate - there angle - medium shot the driveway be empty . in the distance we see dimly that the gate be half close . louie Wong seem to have disappear . scene 306 at chan and bob - medium close Bob show puzzle surprise . bob : ( Calling ) louie ? scene 307 driveway - medium pan shot as the two hurry back to the gate , we pan with they . as the gate pan into scene , they be startle to see louie 's body lie crumpled on the ground between the gate . Chan turn on the flashlight , swinging it swiftly around at the cactus and shrubbery in the vicinity . no one be in sight . he kneel quickly down , Bob follow . scene 308 at louie - close shot as the two kneel beside he , louie be dead . the flashlight reveal a gash in he vest over he heart , a spread stain on the cloth . chan : ( grimly ) Dead ... like tony. bob : ( stun and horrify ) but it seem impossible ! it 's only be a minute ! why would anyone kill he ? chan : ( in a low voice ) murdered in great haste . imply something wrong here which old servant would recognize . Bob start to reply , but stop , listen . rapidly approach footstep be hear off scene . scene 309 at two - medium close as they get up tensely . thorne come hurry out of the darkness stare suspiciously . thorne : what 's all this ? I hear you drive ... he break off , catch sight of the body . Chan turn on he flashlight on louie , watch thorne 's face . thorne 's startledness seem amazingly genuine . thorne : why ... it 's louie ! what 's happen to he ? as he speak , he kneel quickly beside louie 's body and stare at he a instant . he look up in search alarm . thorne : who kill he ? bob : ( tersely ) I do not know . I drive in and leave he at the ... as he speak , thorne jump to he foot and rush off scene toward the house , call : thorne : ( off scene ) Chief ! scene 310 at bob and chan - close shot Chan and Bob stare after thorne . bob : ( grimly ) do you think he do it ? chan : equal chance that madden guilty . ( Bob stare at he in surprise ) prospector narrate amazing fact that madden commit shoot in bedroom . bob : ( completely at sea ) madden kill delaney ? chan : ( nodding ) with thorne present in room . scene 311 toward house - medium shot madden , in a dress gown , come racing out , thorne follow . madden be seethe with suppress fury . scene 312 at chan and bob - medium close as madden enter , raging , he snatch the flashlight from Chan and flash it on louie 's body . he suddenly whirl , shine the light directly in thorne 's face , look as be he would like to kill thorne . madden : ( snarl ) Fine business ... this ! thorne tremble with rage . thorne : ( snarl back ) well , what be you stare at I for ? Bob and Chan watch this unexpected fight narrowly . they be forget for the moment . madden : ( bellow ) I will stare at you if I wish ... though I be sick of the sight of you silly face ... thorne : I will not take that from you or ... madden pay no attention , continue to rage . madden : this place be turn into a madhouse ... tony dead ... louie murder ... movie outfit come tomorrow ... and now the police will be mess up the place ... ( he control himself with a effort and snarl ) go on and call them ! we might as well get it over with now . thorne turn on he heel and hurry into the house . madden whirl to Chan . madden : bring he into the house ! he stride off into the darkness towards house , carry the flashlight . scene 313 at bob and chan - close shot Chan stare after he , he eye narrow . chan : man 's soul be lose who do not grieve the death of faithful servant . dissolve to : scene 314 live room - medium shot - night louie 's body lie on a davenport . a small town coroner be examine it . constable brackett , a burly , bluster small town official be question the four man . he be speak respectfully to madden as we come to scene . brackett : ...and you be both in the house when it happen ? madden : yes ... I can account for thorne . brackett : ( turn to Bob ) and you be sure you do not see anyone by the gate when you drive in ? Bob nod . brackett turn and cross toward Chan , glaring at he belligerently . scene 315 at brackett and chan - medium close brackett : you be the new cook here , eh? chan : ( nodding meekly ) thas light , boss . brackett : where would you work before this ? chan : ( mildly ) all place , boss . bid town , litta town . brackett : ( bellow angrily ) I mean ... where would you work last ? chan : ( serenely ) lailload , boss . Santa Fe lailload . Lay stick on glound . brackett : ( his eye narrow ) have to work hard , eh? chan : thas light . brackett triumphantly thump he finger on Chan 's chest , move he backward . brackett : so when you get a easy job here , you want to hang on to it ? when louie come back , you know you would lose it , so you kill he ! scene 316 at group - medium shot bob : ( angrily ) that 's nonsense ! I tell you he be at the garage ! brackett turn pompously to he . brackett : you do not know this chinese guy . they think nothin ' of sneakin ' around and stickin ' knife in each other . ( turn to Chan ) how would you get into this country ? chan : ( blandly ) melican citizen . boahn San flancisco . brackett : ( sneer ) be that so ? let 's see you chock -gee . scene 317 at bob , chan , brackett - medium close Bob be completely dismay . Chan stall for time . chan : what you say , boss ? brackett : ( bellow triumphantly ) I think so ! you know what I say ! you chock -gee ... the certificate that show you be a citizen . come on ! chan : ( understand ) oh , boss , ce'tiflicate ... all light , boss . he pull a wear piece of paper from he sleeve and hand it to brackett . Bob show amazement . brackett inspect it in complete discomforture . he hand it back uncertainly . brackett : well ... you stay around here , see ! Inspector bliss will be out tomorrow and he will want to talk to you ! do not try to run away , understand ? chan : ( nodding ) I stay . he walk away . scene 318 at group - medium shot as Chan head towards dining room , brackett turn away . Chan turn back , add : chan : you think I lun away easy job ? ( he snort ) clazy cop ! brackett do a startle double take back at he as Chan exit to dining room and we fade out . fade in : scene 319 madden patio - full shot - day the whole place be bustling with life . the movie company be in full swing , a mass of equipment and people . they be prepare to shoot a musical comedy dance number . a orchestra be at one side . sixteen lovely girl be around the place in scant tight - fitting chorus outfit . scene 320 two chorus girl - near entrance to live room - medium close they look interestedly toward live room . first chorus girl : I wish gold - Dust would stick he head out . I would like to see what a multi-millionaire look like . second chorus girl : I could not stand it . voice : ( off scene ... call ) come on , girl ... place ! the girl reluctantly leave . scene 321 patio - medium shot the bustle increase as the girl assemble . scene 322 at chan - close shot he be stand at one side watch the amazing scene with intense interest . people bustle back and forth past he . scene 323 at bob and paula - medium close shot they be stand near Chan , the bustling go on around they . Bob be watch interestedly . bob : ( grinning ) it can not be true . Paula look at he and laugh . the director cross to he . he be the man who be with Paula in Los Angeles ... a pleasant chap . he nod to Bob as if they have meet earlier . director : ( to Paula ) someone say there 's a abandon mine on the other side of El dorado . it might be okay for the next picture . will you run up and take a look at it ? paula : right after lunch . director : swell . let I know before I leave tonight . paula : I will be back about three . he nod and exit toward camera . scene 324 in front of camera - toward chorus - medium shot the set - up be ready . the lead man and girl be take place in front of the camera . the director enter and address the man . director : now , for John 's sake , rannie , this time smile at she ... you be suppose to be in love with the girl . come on now . let 's get a good one . rannie grin and nod . scene 325 bob and paula - close shot Bob nod off scene toward rannie . bob : be wilbur like rannie ? paula : ( amuse ) no ... he 's really wonderful . bob : ( groaning ) and you will be back in Los Angeles with he in a couple of day . ( he brighten ) maybe something 's happen to he . paula : ( shake head ) I do not think so . bob : ( hopefully ) be he careful crossing the street ? before Paula can reply a whistle blow shrilly . voice : ( off scene ) quiet , please . Paula nod silently . Bob make a grimace . scene 326 to 335 ( inclusive ) production number the romantic number start with the chorus girl strolling in background of number . we see the mechanic of shoot , with sound man and camera in scene and call of " Roll them " and " speed " etc . ( the follow scene intercut with the progress of the number . ) scene 336 chan - close shot Chan watch the scene with absorb interest . scene 337 bob and paula - close shot the two be engross in the musical love scene - scene 338 patio - exterior entrance to live room - medium close madden come outside , look interestedly at the scene , and stroll off scene toward Chan . scene 339 at two chorus girl - close shot at same girl , as they walk together in the scene . the second one see madden off scene and nudge the first , whisper a aside - second chorus girl : there 's you millionaire , Peggy ... do not fall over backwards . Peggy look off scene . scene 340 toward bob and chan - medium shot Bob and Paula be stand about ten foot from Chan . madden stroll in and stop near Chan , watch . the production number end and the director motion for a closer set-up . the bustle start . scene 341 at bob and paula - medium close paula : Excuse I a minute . bob : sure . Paula exit toward camera . scene 342 near SOUND wagon - medium close two man of the crew be stand talk together . near they be Eddie Boston , a stocky , small hard - face man . he be lighting a cigarette . first prop man : ( look off scene ) say ... be not that madden ? second prop man : yeah . at mention of madden , Boston turn alertly , stare off scene . scene 343 madden - boston be angle - medium shot madden be watch the preparation . scene 344 boston - close shot his eye narrow . a faint sardonic smile come over he thin lip . he exit . scene 345 at madden - medium close Chan and Bob be in background . Boston walk up to madden familiarly and extend he hand . Bob and Chan notice the greeting . boston : hello , Mr. madden . madden turn on he , stiffening a instant as if resent be approach , and then show puzzlement as if not recognize he . madden : ( coldly ) I be sorry ... I do not ... boston : ( sardonically ) do not remember I , eh ? ( his eye bore into madden 's ) I be a friend of Jerry delaney 's . you would remember he , would not you ? madden show no sign of surprise . scene 346 at chan and bob - close shot a flash of the two , show they suddenly alert at the word . scene 347 at madden and boston - medium close madden : ( calmly ) yes ... I remember he . why ? boston : I see he this morning . he send you he best regards . madden show no flicker of interest . madden : ( calmly ) oh ...did he ? come into the house ... I would like to hear all about it . Boston nod with a faint smile , and the two exit toward house . scene 348 at bob and chan - medium shot Chan be look thoughtfully toward the house . Bob , completely overcome by amazement , edge over to Chan . scene 349 at two - close shot bob : ( tensely ) do you hear what he say ?! delaney 's alive ! chan : most upsetting discovery ... like bumble bee in honorable trousers . bob : ( helplessly ) but who be kill in the bedroom ? this leave we completely lose in the fog . chan : ( smiling faintly ) on contrary , inscrutable fate reveal step toward true solution . he exit from scene . scene 350 at bob - medium shot as Chan amble away toward the kitchen , Bob look after he in puzzle surprise . then he look around and cross to Paula , near the camera . scene 351 at two medium close bob : who be that chap who go inside with madden ? paula : Eddie Boston ...he 's one of the assistant . bob : you know anything about he ? paula : not very much . I hear he use to be a gambler in New York . scene 352 patio - toward live room - medium close madden stride out , agitate and angry . he look around ... spot bob. scene 353 bob and paula - medium close they turn , surprised . Bob glance at she and exit . scene 354 patio - medium close as Bob enter , madden approach . they be alone . madden be strangely furious and anxious . madden : why be not that necklace here ? when 's it come ? bob : ( at a loss ) why ... I do not know ... sometime today . madden : well ... it better ! I have get reservation on tonight 's train and I be not go to miss it ! if the pearl be not here by eight o'clock , the deal 's off ! he turn and storm back into the house . Bob stare after he in puzzle worry . he turn to exit and stop short in surprise . scene 355 driveway - bob be angle - pan shot Boston be hurry around from the front of the house , he face expressionless , head for the company car . scene 356 bob - medium close with a determine look , he stride out of the scene toward car . scene 357 driveway - at studio car - medium close two or three studio car in the driveway . huge truck be park by the garage and out in the road . the driver be loung behind the wheel . Boston enter and open the front door . boston : ( tersely ) run I into town , Dan . as he start to get in , Bob enter . bob : Mr. Boston ? Boston turn and stare at bob. boston : yes ? bob : ( pleasantly casual ) I want to ask you about a friend of mine . I hear you mention Jerry delaney . boston : Boston 's eye bore into he a instant . boston : ( shortly ) I never hear the name in my life . he get into car and slam door . the car exit . Bob look after it , defeat , as we fade out . fade in : scene 358 exterior holley's garage - medium shot - night madden 's car race into scene and skid to a violent stop in front of garage . scene 359 at car - medium close shot Bob be at the wheel , decidedly worried . he slide across , start to get out , as holley come curiously out of the garage . bob : have you see miss Graham ? holley : not since she take my car this morning . bob : she go up to the abandon mine . she have not come back ! nobody 's see she . will you show I the way up there ? holley : sure . he climb in quickly . the car dash out . scene 360 road - full shot as the car race away into the darkness . fast dissolve to : scene 361 petticoat mine - full shot - night a desert mine ; three or four building fall to ruin . all be in darkness . Bob 's car race into scene and slow down , bump through chuck hole in the street . scene 362 interior car - at two - close shot the two be look out opposite side of the car , search street . scene 363 STREET - medium shot as the car jounce slowly through . scene 364 interior car - at two - medium shot holley suddenly point off scene . holley : there 's the car . Bob jam on the brake , look . scene 365 at car - medium pan shot they pile out and run between the building . scene 366 rear of build - at car - medium close as they run in , look into the car , quickly examine it . Bob straighten and look around . his face light as he hear she voice . paula' voice : ( off scene from distance ) Bob ?! scene 367 build - rear door - medium close the door be open , hang on one hinge . as the voice come into scene , a shadowy figure appear in doorway , a heavy automatic in he hand . it be maydorf . he exit softly toward they . bob be voice : ( off scene ) where be you ? paula' voice : ( from a distance ) the stone building ... I be lock in . scene 368 at bob and holley - medium shot as Bob start , maydorf step in behind he . maydorf : ( steely ) shove them up ! Bob and holley whirl around . as they see the gun they raise they arm . maydorf recognize bob. ( ominously ) oh ... it 's you , eh ? you should not come stick you nose into other people 's business . get in there ! he herd they out of scene , Bob look for a chance to jump he . scene 369 at build door - medium close as the three converge at the door , holley enter first . Bob take a chance . he swing a vicious short arm jab to maydorf 's chin , connect , at the same instant grab the latter 's gun hand . they reel against the wall , the gun explode twice , both man struggle with they free hand ... a short , savage fight . bob : ( grimly , as they slug ) I have be ... ( maydorf 's fist slug he face ) ... long to meet you again ! Bob jab maydorf 's gun arm across the door jamb , nearly break it . the gun fall from he limp hand . maydorf 's fist connect with Bob 's face . holley dive for the gun . Bob break free , swinging a vicious punch that knock maydorf cold . he collapse limply to the ground . holley : ( nodding approvingly ) purty good fight . Bob ransack maydorf 's pocket and find the key , racing out of scene . as he do so , maydorf come to and glare dazedly up . holley , hold the gun on he , give a contemptuous snort . holley : you be not so tough ! scene 370 at jail door - medium close Bob be just get the padlock off and thrust the door open . Paula rush out . in mutual relief they instantly go into each other 's arm . paula : I be afraid you would be shot . bob : ( shake head ... anxiously ) you be all right ? Paula nod . he kiss she ... impulsively . then he release she . bob : ( apologetically ) I be sorry ... I have be worried about you . Paula smile understandingly . paula : I know . ( she notice the key ) Bob , he 's get someone else lock up on the other side . Bob look at she in surprise and the two hurriedly exit . scene 371 second door - medium close they hurry in . Bob unlock the door and thrust it back . the two peer into the darkness . bob : hello ?... hello ... there be no answer . they suddenly catch sight of something and stare in astound amazement as we fast dissolve to : scene 372 interior madden live room - night - medium shot madden be pace up and down . thorne and gamble be sit in chair , stare at he . scene 373 exterior entrance - medium pan shot Victor Jordan be get out of a hire car and stride to the door . he look irritate and impatient . scene 374 interior live room - medium shot the buzzer sound off scene . madden turn , stare at the door . thorne and gamble sit up ... hawk - like and eager . madden see they expression and glower at they as he cross to the door - scene 375 at door - medium close madden open it . victor : Mr. madden ? madden nod . Victor show fawn respect . I be Victor Jordan . madden : ( eagerly shaking hand ) oh yes ...how do you do . he close the door behind Victor and turn to he . scene 376 room - medium shot madden : ( introduce Victor ) Professor gamble ... Mr. thorne . victor : ( shake hand ) how be you ? madden : you have bring the necklace ? victor : ( stare in surprise ) why ...of course not ! the three man stare at he . before he can say any more , madden grate out , he face black with fury : madden : be you try to stall I again ? victor : ( nervously apologetic ) no , Mr. madden . I just hear about this stalling ... that 's why I hurried down here . Crawford should have give it to you Thursday . scene 377 madden - closeup he control he fury with difficulty . madden : do you mean he 's have it here all the time ? scene 378 at group - medium shot victor : ( anxiously explain ) no ... Charlie Chan have it ... the chinaman that bring it from Hawaii . thorne and gamble be startle . madden 's eye narrow dangerously . madden : chinaman , eh? Victor look at the man bewilder . victor : why , yes ... he 's here , be not he ? madden : ( with ominous calm ) Excuse I a minute . he stride toward the kitchen . scene 379 interior kitchen - medium shot Chan be sweeping the kitchen floor . madden enter . madden : ( grimly ) I want to have a little talk with you . chan : ( surprise ) suah ... wha 's a matta , boss ? madden : ( evenly ) where do you work before you come here ? chan : ( smiling congenially ) get 'um woik all place , boss . maybe lay stick on gloun ' of ' lailload . madden : you be a liar . Chan 's eye 's narrow slightly but he continue calmly . chan : wha 's matta , boss ? madden : ( ominously ) I will show you what 's the matter . come in here ! Chan , play the bewilder chinaman to perfection , exit toward live room , madden follow . scene 380 interior live room - medium shot Chan enter from dining room , follow by madden . he stop short at sight of Victor . scene 381 chan - closeup a flicker of surprise and resentment come into he eye . scene 382 victor - close shot he stare in amazement at Chan . victor : have you go crazy , Charlie ? what have you get that outfit on for ? scene 383 at madden and chan - medium shot madden : ( grimly ) you have get Jordan 's necklace ... hand it over ! Chan 's eye narrow , he mind work swiftly . he stare at Victor and turn to madden , drop he dialect . chan : ( calmly ) Mr. Jordan juggle truth ... pearl be property of he mother . humbly refuse to deliver they . scene 384 group - medium shot victor : ( snarl ) oh yes you will ! I have she write out a order tell you to . he take out a fold piece of paper and give it to Chan . scene 385 at chan - close shot he read the note , a look of helpless resignation on he face . scene 386 at group - medium shot he hand the note back , reach under he blouse and unhook the money belt , take out the velvet bundle and hand it to madden . scene 387 madden - thorne and gamble - medium close as madden eagerly take out the necklace and hold it up . thorne and gamble crowd in on he . gamble : beautiful ! madden angrily shrug they away from he . scene 388 chan - close shot he be watch they narrowly chan : one moment , please ... humbly request receipt . scene 389 at group - medium shot madden nod and cross to a desk , speak . Chan follow . madden : glad to give it to you . it 's be wait around here for three day . scene 390 at desk - medium close he sit down at he desk , continue . just have to sign it . he put the necklace on a blotter , pull open the middle drawer and lift out a paper , take a pen in he right hand . Chan be watch narrowly . madden pull out he watch with he leave hand ... glance at it ... put it away , and turn to Victor . madden : good thing you come when you do ... I will just have time to make that train . scene 391 victor - close shot victor : ( beam ) glad I could help . scene 392 at desk - medium close madden turn back and start write he name , Chan watch . insert of paper : madden right hand write the name with unusual slowness . back to scene : madden put down the pen and start to get up . Chan suddenly grab at the pearl . madden also grab , instinctively reach with he leave hand ... but too late . Chan have they and dart back . madden : ( bellow ) what 's this ?! why you crazy ... chan : ( grimly ) will retain the pearl . madden : ( snarl ) you will , will you ? we will see about that ! as he speak , he grab into the middle drawer , again with he leave hand , pull out a revolver . there be a thunder report and a flash of fire through the fold of Chan 's voluminous sleeve . madden stagger back , he leave arm go limp , the gun clatter to the floor . as he do so , Chan speak calmly . chan : left-handed man always use leave hand ... should also use correct name ... Jerry delaney . scene 393 room - medium shot thorne be poise to spring . delaney : he 's insane ! victor : ( rushing forward , shouting furiously ) you fool ... shoot madden ! give I that gun ! the gun appear from Chan 's sleeve , train on Victor . chan : ( evenly ) you also , stand back with other . Victor cower back , think Chan be mad . Chan turn to delaney . chan : anxious man hurry too fast , Mr. delaney ... often stub big toe . pretended real grief when old parrot die , but forget to show same for loyal man-servant murder . the front door crash open . constable brackett thunder in , gun in hand , Inspector bliss follow . brackett : ( bellow ) what be that shoot ?! ( he see Chan and glare triumphantly ) oh , it 's you again , eh ? ( aiming he gun at Chan ) give I that gun . he start for Chan . scene 394 thorne and gamble - close shot they be suddenly warily alert . scene 395 delaney , chan and brackett - medium shot - Chan be helpless . brackett take he gun . chan : ( protest ) you make great mistake . I be detective sergeant Chan of honolulu Police . brackett : ( snarl ) and I be the Queen of sheba . ( grabbing Chan roughly ) come with we . delaney , very poise , halt the constable . delaney : just a minute , constable . he have a pearl necklace he take from I . brackett : ( glaring at Chan ) you have , eh ? give it up ! chan : ( quickly ) he be not Mr. madden . brackett look at delaney , surprised , then back at Chan . brackett : you be nut ! I have know Mr. madden for year . he take the pearl from Chan and hand they to delaney , who drop they in he pocket . delaney : thanks . scene 396 brackett - and chan - medium close pan shot - brackett grab Chan and drag he toward door . we pan with they . the door have be leave open . as we pan into scene the real madden suddenly appear from outside darkness , follow by Bob and Paula , and behind they holley with gun in maydorf 's rib . madden 's hair be rumple , he face bearded and pale . he be in he shirt sleeve , he arm in a sling . his shoulder be stain with dry blood . brackett come to a daze halt as if he have see a ghost , look helplessly from madden to delaney , and back . brackett : ( stammer ) Mr. madden ...! madden nod . he stare across at delaney . scene 397 gamble , thorne and delaney - medium close they be stare off scene at madden . scene 398 room - medium shot madden 's eye drill into delaney . madden : ( grimly ) almost get away with it , do not you Jerry . you always be good at it . delaney suddenly make a dash for the close patio door . Chan be a little quick , grab delaney and do a jiu-jitsu throw over he back . scene 399 at side wall - medium shot a small size table stand against the wall . delaney crash full length against the wall and floor , knock over the table and bric-a-brac . he be half stunne . scene 400 chan - close shot he straighten up with a wry face , he hand on he back as if he have a crick in it . chan : ( smiling ) ancient bone creak with pleasure . scene 401 room - medium shot as bliss hurry across and slap handcuffs on delaney , Chan turn to madden and continue : most happy to see corpse from bedroom alive . madden nod gratefully . brackett break in , address madden : brackett : ( apologetically ) sorry about this , Mr. madden . that bird have I fool . madden : ( with a grim smile ) I do not blame you , brackett . he use to be a actor until he discover he be almost my twin ... then he start a racket impersonate I in New York year ago . ( he turn grimly to thorne ) you remember that , do not you , thorne ... wait for a chance to double - cross I . thorne be silent . madden add bitterly . I think I have find one man who could be loyal to I . he turn to brackett , indicate thorne wearily . arrest he ... take they away . brackett nod . he and bliss herd delaney and thorne toward the door . Chan stop bliss . scene 402 at bliss and delaney - medium close chan : ( mildly ) one moment , please . he reach into delaney 's pocket and take the necklace . bliss start on with delaney . scene 403 at gamble - medium shot gamble see he opportunity . he start move toward the bedroom hallway , clear he throat dignifiedly . gamble : I owe you a apology , gentleman . I be very sorry to have be innocently draw into this tangle . I will leave at once . as he reach the door , he find Chan block he way . scene 404 at two - medium close chan : innocent man would not carry knife use to murder louie Wong . gamble : ( sputter ) why , this be preposterous ! outrageous ! even as he speak Chan jerk open he coat . insert : of vest and armpit . a leather sheath be strapped by the armpit . in it be a knife . back to scene : Chan pull out the thin -blade wick look knife . chan : ( smiling slightly ) should not sleep with knife under pillow . found interesting impression on sheet when make bed . he point the knife toward gamble , herding he out of scene . scene 405 room - medium shot Chan herd gamble toward the door , where brackett , who have turn back , be wait . brackett exit with gamble . Chan turn toward madden . scene 406 at chan and madden - medium close Chan hand madden the necklace with a sigh of relief . chan : ( smiling ) often round - about path to correct destination . dissolve to : scene 407 EL dorado station - at observation car platform - medium close - night - the gate and trap door be open . Chan and Bob be on rear platform with coat and grip , ready to leave . Paula have step up on platform with they to say goodbye . Bob and Paula be look at each other , rather helplessly , unhappy at parting . Chan , a couple of foot away , be set he grip down by door . scene 408 at bob and paula - close shot Bob try to make conversation . bob : when be you go back to Los Angeles ? paula : ( quietly ) probably Wednesday . bob : ( a instant 's pause ) would you mind if I fly down to see you ? paula : no ... I would enjoy it . bob : ( smiling ) thanks . ( the smile fade , he look at she hungrily ) you know ... if it be not for that engagement ring I think I would kidnap you to San Francisco tonight . scene 409 at three - medium close paula : ( smiling ) it 's always prove a protection . she turn to Chan , extend she right hand . paula : Goodbye , Mr. Chan chan : ( smiling appreciatively ) Goodbye . he smile down at the small hand hold in he . his eye narrow . he look up quickly at bob. ( indicating hand ) suggest notice that suppose engagement ring usually wear on right hand . Bob take she hand and look at it . insert of hand : a faint white circle show on right hand ring finger . back to scene : Bob star into Paula 's eye in question accusation . bob : have you be lie all this time ? Paula seem almost relieved at have to confess . paula : ( nodding ) there be not any wilbur . there be a flash of relief in Bob 's face . he take she impulsively in he arm , grin . bob : I think he name be Jack . he kiss she . as he do so , the bell up forward ring and the train start to move ... the camera with it . chan : ( hastily ) suggest important need of third ticket . will attend to same . he quickly and adroitly go into car , with a backward smile at the two . scene 410 train track toward rear platform - full shot the train pull away down the track . as it grow smaller , speed away in the darkness , the two figure in each other 's arm silhouett against the dim light of the platform , we fade out . the end .