int . bedroom - night Ed lie awake in bed . he be sweaty and nervous . his eye be wide -open , blood - shot and tired . he pick up he bedside clock which be tick loudly . it be 3:37 . he look over at the other side of the queen-size bed . it be still make . he pick a long , blonde hair from the pillow and examine it curiously . there be a noise outside and Ed get up to investigate . int . hallway - night Ed walk through the dark hallway and into the live room of he small house . int . live room by the front door , hang on the wall , be a frame picture of Eve , Ed 's wife . Ed pass by it and look outside through the window . there be some wind outside , but nothing else . int . bathroom Ed look longingly at he reflection . Ed saxon , 45 , be a morbid , insecure man . his frustration with he life have tinged he sense of humor with a acerbic bite . his early success , a few publication of he poetry , have give he a professorship at the University . he be well - read , intelligent , a bit pompous and occasionally condescending . but mostly , this quality be restrain and he outward appearance be a little sorrowful . there be a unquestionable charm about he , and its effect be evident in the people around he . he search through the medicine cabinet , which be full of woman 's item , and take out a cosco-size bottle of sleep pill . he read the back and take two . he hear something bang against the front door . int . live room he open the front door and take a step outside . ext . porch - night he look down by he foot and find the morning paper , wrap in blue plastic , lie on the doormat . he pick it up and go back inside . int . live room Ed stand helplessly in the empty live room . Ed 's desk sit on one side of the live room , cramme into the corner . he search quickly through the stuff on the desk and find a small address book . he find a name in the book and dial the number . susie ( over phone ) hello ? ed susie . hi , it 's ed. I be sorry I wake you up . susie be something wrong ? ed Eve be not there , be she ? susie no . she 's not there ? ed no . she do not come home after work . susie oh , no . do not she call or anything ? ed no . she be suppose to be home around six . I cook she dinner . susie could she have go anywhere else ? ed I do not think so . do you ? susie I do not know . ed I be a little worried . susie I bet . do you call harborview ? ed no . do you think I should ? susie yeah . if she get into a accident of something , they would take she there . ed you do not think that 's overreact ? susie do not be silly . just call they . it can not hurt . ed alright . but if she come home later and it turn out to be nothing , do not tell she I call the hospital , ok ? susie call I back . ed alright . Ed find the yellow page and find a page of " non - emergency " number . his finger run down the list : trauma , Fire , disaster , etc. until he come to Hospitals and then harborview . he dial the number . operator harborview . ed hello . I want to find out if someone have come in . in a emergency , maybe . operator hold on . she transfer he and the phone ring again . nurse emergency room . ed I want to find out if someone have be bring in . nurse what 's the last name ? ed saxon . Eve saxon . nurse be you a relative ? ed she 's my wife . nurse one second . no . no one with last name saxon . ed be there any other hospital that I could check ? nurse well , we serve as the emergency room for King County , so unless they specify a hospital , they would have be bring here . in a emergency . ed ok . thank you . he call susie back . susie what happen ? ed nothing . susie jeez . do you guy have a fight ? ed no . no . susie do you call the school ? ed yeah , a while ago . no one answer the phone there . susie it 's not like she to not call , be it ? ed no , she would have call . susie why do not you call the police ? ed the police ? susie maybe they know something ? like if she be in a accident . ed it 's go a little far , do not you think ? susie I do not know . if you be worried ... it 's not like the police have anything better to do . ed I guess . ok . I will call you tomorrow . sorry to wake you up . susie it 's ok . call I tomorrow . he hang up . int . kitchen - night Ed look around the kitchen , search lazily for something to eat . he open a cabinet that be full of box of fat - free skin-ee ( chocolate - marshmallow cookie . he open the fridge , look around and take the plate of food he make for he wife . he take off the cellophane and start to eat . he sit at the table , but after a few more bite , he lose he appetite . int . live room - night Ed sit at he desk , stare at the phone . he take a breath and call 911 . operator 911 emergency . ed hi . I do not think this be a emergency . operator what 's the problem ? ed my wife have not come home and , I do not know .. I want to check with the police to see if there be a accident . operator when be the last time you see she ? ed this morning . she be suppose to come home from work , but she do not . operator when do she get off work ? ed around six . usually . operator she have not call since then ? ed no . operator do you have any idea where she might have go ? maybe to a friend 's house ? ed I do not think so . I call the only place I could think of . operator but you be expect she home . ed yes . I cook dinner . operator I could send a police officer to you house . ed do you think that 's necessary ? maybe I should wait . operator until when ? it 's five in the morning . ed maybe she go somewhere . operator where ? ed I do not know . should I be worried ? operator I would be . ed yes , I be worried . operator so , do you want I to send a officer to you house ? ed I do not think so . I think I should wait . operator do you think she 's go to come home soon ? ed I hope so . operator so do I . how long be you go to wait ? ed a little longer . I think I may be overreact . she might have go somewhere I can not think of . sometimes I worry too much . operator ok . it 's up to you . my name be Paul . I will be here if you change you mind . Ed hang up . int . bathroom Ed take the sleep pill from the medicine cabinet and take two more . int . hallway Eve have a small room in the house that Ed be cautious about enter . he walk in and look around , as if he have not be in there for a while . int . eve' room the room be paint sky - blue and the ceiling have cloud paint on it . on one side of the room , there be a console piano with some sheet music rest on it . on the other side of the room be a small , antique write desk . Ed sit down and look at some of the item lie on it . there be a couple of letter and a address book . there be a box contain paper clip , etc . there be a open box of skin-ee ( cookie . there be a drawer in the desk which he try to open , but find that it be lock . he search around the desk for a key , but can ' ' find one . he press a little harder at the drawer , but it will not budge . he take a letter opener from a jar on the desk and start to fidget with it , but he still can not open it . then he hear some distant voice come from outside . he look out the window where he can see the house next door . there be a light on in the neighbor 's window , where the voice be come from , and some vague shadow move around inside . Ed turn off the light in Eve 's room , so that he can see more clearly . from the muffle sound , it be soon clear that the couple next door be have a argument . only the woman 's voice be clear . woman I hate you ! stay away from I ! do not touch I ! just go to sleep ! I will scream ! I be not scream now ! you do not know anything about I ! then the noise die down and the woman can be hear sobbing in the distance . int . live room - night Ed pick up the phone and dial 911 . operator 911 emergency . ed hi . I call before . I think I be talk to Paul . operator hold on . Paul come on the line . operator this be Paul . ed hi . I call before . my wife have not come home . operator yes . I remember . you want I to send a officer over ? ed yes . operator what 's you address ? ed 4523 East Street . operator he should be there in a few minute . ok ? ed yes . thank you . operator you do the right thing , sir . Ed hang up . almost instantly , he see some light pass by the window . he look through the window and see a police car pull up . he open the door and watch the officer as he approach the house . officer stewart be a youngish patrolman . he be relaxed , caring and formal . stewart you call the police ? ed yes . it be I . that be fast . stewart thank you . ed come in . Stewart be lead a few step into the live room . he look around . stewart you wife do not come home ? be that right ? ed yes . stewart when be the last time you see she ? ed when she leave for work this morning . she be suppose to come home after work . I cook dinner . stewart and she make it to work , right ? ed yes . I think so . I do not know . stewart what time do she usually come home ? around six ? ed yes . usually . stewart what do she look like ? ed she 's blonde , straight hair . stewart what be she wear ? do you remember ? ed I think it be a red sweater and a dress . stewart what kind of car do she drive ? ed a volvo . Gray . ' 85 , I think . Stewart let out a sigh of relief . stewart well , you have I worried . there be a blonde woman involved with a car-jack around six . apparently she be hit on the head by one of the perpetrator and then wander away from the incident in a daze . nobody 's see she since . when I get the call on the radio , I think that must have be you wife , but this woman be drive a pathfinder and be wear jeans , so it probably be not she . you have I worried . ed she drive a volvo . drive a volvo . stewart that 's a relief . do you know anywhere you wife might have go ? ed I call the only place I could think of . and I call the hospital . stewart harborview ? ed yes . Stewart take a couple of pill from a bottle and take they , chase they down with a coffee he have with he . stewart I be afraid there 's not much I can do now . by law , we can not put out a miss person until 72 hour have elapse since the last time she be see . ed 72 hour ? stewart usually in this case , it be something stupid . maybe she be upset about something , have to get away . who know ? what I can do be take the license plate number of she car and if it show up for some reason , we will give you a call . do you have you wife 's license plate number ? ed yes . actually , it 's easy to remember . 007 fec . stewart James bond . ed right . and fec , for every child . stewart and what 's she name ? ed eve. Eve saxon . stewart and you name ? ed Ed . saxon . stewart like I say , it be probably something stupid . do you have a fight ? ed not at all . stewart well , you should try to get some sleep and , if she do not show up tomorrow , give we a call and we will see what thing look like then . ok ? ed yes . thank you . stewart usually , they come back . ed yes . thank you . I feel much better now . thank you for come . stewart no problem . you have a good night . or morning , I guess . ed yes . you too . Ed shut the door . he 's a little wire so he sit at he desk and pick up a pile of he student ' papers . he read the one on top , mark it with a red pen as he do . he hear a gurgle noise come quietly from the bathroom . he get up and walk into the - int . bathroom he look around the bathroom , trace the sound to the bathtub drain . it get louder as he approach it , but before he can investigate , there be a knock on the front door . int . live room - day when Ed come out to answer the door , it be now bright daylight outside . the sun be stream in through the window . through the wash - out sunlight outside he window , Ed can see a police car park in front of he house . someone knock again and Ed answer the door . as he do , he pick up the mail that have be drop through the slot in the door . detective derm , 46 , stand outside in plain clothes . derm be , above all , a nice man . experience have give he a know stare , but he be affable , not suspicious . he be consistently professional and genuinely concerned . ed hello . derm Mr saxon ? ed yes . derm sorry to wake you up . ed I be not asleep . derm oh . I call a few time and when there be not any answer I think I better come over . ed what time be it ? derm about 3:30 . ed 3:30 ? maybe I do fall asleep . damn . derm I be detective derm of the Seattle Police Department . you call last night about you wife . ed yes . derm we find she car this morning . on Capitol Hill . actually , somebody call it in . it be run . ed running ? derm do you wife come home last night ? ed no . derm do she go to work today ? ed I do not know . I have not call . derm do you have a number for she there ? ed sure . Ed pick up the phone and dial from memory . derm why do not you let I ? he hand derm the phone . derm hi , this be detective derm of the Seattle Police . I be wonder if Mrs Eve saxon have come into work today , or call in , any word from she . yes . since yesterday . do you see she leave yesterday ? yes . about what time be that ? I be not sure . be she call , or come in , could you please ask she to call I . my number be 734 - 9722 , extension 38 . thank you . bye . he hang up . derm she have not be in today . ed my god. derm she have not call here at all ? ed no . derm any message ? he point to the answer machine . it be blink , full of message . ed I must have be asleep . derm that happen . ed I be up late last night . derm I understand . why do not we listen to this message ? ed alright . Ed push the button on the machine . the first message be from Eve 's work . celeste ( on machine ) hi , this be celeste , call for Eve . we be worried about you . you do not come in . you do not call . no , seriously , we just want to make sure you be ok . do not worry about you student . Marie 's cover for you . but give we a call , ok ? bye . ed that 's the school where Eve work . she 's a piano teacher at Franklin High . then there 's a message for Ed . mrs mastrioni ( on machine ) hello , Mr saxon . this be Mrs mastrioni from the University . you do not show up for you morning class and I be call to see if you will be in for you other class so that I can make the proper arrangement . I assume you remember how to use the phone . ed damn . derm you be a teacher too ? ed a professor at the University . the next message be derm . derm ( on machine ) hello , this be detective derm from the Seattle Police Department ... derm take a small pill box from he overcoat , while the machine play in the background . derm that 's I . do you have a glass of water ? ed sure . Ed go into the - int . kitchen - and fill a glass for the detective . int . live room when he come back , he see derm casually look over the woman 's magazine on the coffee table . derm pick up a fill - in New York Times Sunday crossword and look it over . derm you wife do this ? ed yes . derm smart woman . the acrostic , too . Ed hand derm the water . derm thank you . meanwhile the next message come on . it be a girl from Ed 's class . sadie ( on machine ) hello , Mr saxon ? this be sadie , from you creative write class . anyway , you do not show up today and I just want to see if you be ok and , you know , if there be any read or anything you want we to do . my number be 323-4854 . I hope you be alright . bye . derm a student ? ed yes . derm do they call you often ? ed no , but they all have my number . the next message be from susie . susie ( on machine ) he , Ed . I just want to find out what happen last night . if Eve ever show up , or what happen . call I at work , 672-5695 . ed I think she might have go over there last night . Excuse I , I better call the University . the next message be detective derm again and it play behind Ed 's conversation . ed hi , Mrs mastrioni ? mrs mastrioni ( over phone ) yes . ed this be Ed saxon . mrs mastrioni oh , yes . do not make it in today , huh ? ed I guess not . mrs mastrioni there be student wait for you . ed yes , I know . it 's a personal matter . mrs mastrioni a personal matter , huh ? ed that 's right . mrs mastrioni so you will be in tomorrow . ed yes , tomorrow . mrs mastrioni or you will call . ed or I will call , yes . hello ? hello ? Ed hang up , have be hang up on . he turn around to see derm stand right by , listen to he call . the next message be from George simian , a man who work with Eve . his cautious voice make it know that it be weird that he be call . Ed pay special attention to this call . GEORGE hi , Eve . this be George , from school . you do not come into work today and I just want to make sure everything be ok . I guess I will see you tomorrow . derm who 's that ? ed some guy she work with . p.e. teacher , I think . derm I see . Mr saxon , do you wife have a address book ? ed yes . derm could I see it , please ? and a picture , if you have one . ed certainly . Ed head into - int . eve' room - and pick up the small address book from the desk . int . live room he hand the address book and take a picture of Eve from he desk , remove from the frame . derm great . derm flip through the address book and a business card fall out . derm pick it up and look it over . derm George simian . be that the same George that call ? ed yes . derm this address , this George simian life on Capitol Hill , where we find you wife 's car . ed really ? derm May I borrow this ? ed I suppose . derm I will call the number in here and see what I can turn up . try no to worry , Mr saxon . I will be in touch . ed yes , thank you . derm leave . Ed shut the door and lock it . the phone ring and Ed pick it up . ed hello . sadie ( over phone ) he , Mr saxon ? ed yes ? sadie hi , it 's sadie crumb , from you creative write class . ed oh , yes . hi. sadie be you ok ? be this a bad time to call ? ed no . it 's alright . sadie I be , I do not know , wonder if you be sick or something , when you do not come to class . ed no , well , a little . sadie do you need anything ? I mean , I could bring you something . ed no , I do not think so . sadie really , it 's no problem . have you eat ? ed no , but ... sadie I can bring you something to eat . it 's no problem . some soup or something . ed really , I do not know if it 's a good idea . sadie oh , I be sorry . ed no , do not be . it 's just that I do not feel too well . sadie that 's ok . I use to volunteer at a hospital . ed really ? sadie yeah , I be a candy striper . ed you be kid . sadie what I mean be , I be use to it . you know , sick people . ed yeah ? ok . sadie where do you live ? ed 4523 East Street . sadie I will be there soon . ed ok . sadie oh . do you not eat meat , or anything ? ed no . I eat anything . sadie great . bye . Ed hang up the phone . he walk into the - int . bathroom he look in the mirror . his hair be a mess and he be unshaven . he look tired . he turn on the shower . int . bedroom Ed take off he clothes and walk back into the - int . bathroom he put he hand under the water . it be not warm yet , so he pick up he toothbrush and put some paste on it . then he hear a piano play , behind the sound of the shower . it can hardly be hear . ed Eve ? int . eve' room he look around Eve 's room quickly . there be no one there . Ed go back to the - int . bathroom he come back into the bathroom . the music have stop and all that can be hear be the shower fill up the tub . the water be about ankle - deep . ed damn . Ed reach into the drain and pull out a clump of Eve 's hair . he throw it into the toilet and then get in the shower . the drain be obviously still clogge up . he be up to he knee in soapy water . int . hallway - night as Ed come out of the shower , he see that it be completely dark . there be a knock on the door . ed hold on ! one second ! Ed grab Eve 's robe from the back of the bathroom door . int . live room - night Ed answer the door . sadie , 18 , be the kind of girl who always have something to say in class , who have always do she homework and who have definite idea about she future and the future of the planet . she be innocent and naïve , nice and well - mannered . but also pushy and manipulative , use to get she way . sadie hi , it 's I . ed oh , hi. sadie be you ok ? ed I do not think you would be here so fast . sadie it 's almost eight . ed oh . I seem to be have a little trouble with time . sadie I know what you mean . I be one of that people who be always late . ed come in . sadie I hope you do not mind I come over like this . it do not occur to I that it might be a little strange until after I hang up . it 's just , well , at my high school , I go to board school , and we be pretty close with we teacher . ed it 's nice . kindness . very refresh . sadie I bring you some soup . ed I better get some clothes on . make yourself at home . sadie ok . int . bedroom Ed get dress . as he do , he notice a pile of Eve 's clothes on the floor . he pick they up and put they in the closet , on top of a pile of Eve 's dirty laundry . int . live room when Ed come out , sadie have put the soup in a bowl and set a place at the table . sadie I put it in a bowl for you . I hope you do not mind . ed thank you . Ed sit down and taste the soup . ed it 's good . sadie I get it at my favorite place . you do not mind I hang out for a little while , do you ? ed no . I could use the company . like I say , I have not be feel very well . sadie notice the pile of papers on Ed 's desk . sadie oh , you grade we papers . ed some of they . sadie can I look ? ed sure . sadie look through the papers . she find hers mark with a C minus . sadie oh . ed what be it ? sadie I just ... I guess I though this one be better . ed let I see . Ed look over the paper for a second . he take a pen and cross out the C and change it to a a . ed I be in a bad mood when I grade this . sadie do not change it if it 's not good . ed it 's just a grade . sadie please do not . no. do not. please . sadie take the paper away from he . ed sorry . I do not mean to . sadie it 's just . I do not think you be do I any favor by let I off easy . I mean , I be hear to learn . it mean a lot to I to do well in you class . you be the best teacher I have have since I come to the University . ed how long have that be ? sadie well , I be still a freshman , but I have meet a lot of teacher and I be very discern . before I take you class I go to the library and look up you work . ed you be kid . sadie no . I read all you poem , or all they have . the one in the New Yorker and in poetry Magazine , and two short storey . ed what do you think ? sadie I love they ; the poem especially . I mean , they be dark , but they be so ... true . really . I really get into they . I photocopy one and put it on my wall . I hope you do not mind . ed which one ? sadie " the Passion of my youth " . it be so intense . " her eye blow gently , purposefully by my ear , echoing gentle pulse of bliss which bounce and fire like a chill on my whole be , leave just a trace to fuel my long . " ed my wife like that poem . sadie you be marry . ed yes . sadie where 's you wife ? ed she 's at she mother 's . she 's go for a while . sadie oh. there be a awkward silence . sadie May I use the bathroom ? ed sure . go ahead . sadie take she purse and go into the bathroom . Ed finish he soup . the phone ring and he pick it up . ed hello . GEORGE be this Ed ? ed yes . GEORGE this be George simian . ed yes . GEORGE where 's Eve ? ed why do you want to talk to Eve ? GEORGE what have you do ? ed Excuse I ? GEORGE you have do something . I know you have . ed what be you talk about ? GEORGE the police find she car near my house . they think I have something to do with she disappearance . ed maybe it 's because you be fuck she . GEORGE you son of a bitch . what do you do ? if you hurt she , I swear , I be go to kill you . ed look , she disappear . I have not see she . why do you think I call the police ? GEORGE I will kill you . I will kill you , you bastard . I swear . Ed hang up . he be shaky , but also strangely exhilated . he turn off the ringer on the phone and turn down the volume on the answer machine . int . kitchen he bring the rest of the soup to the sink , scrape it into the garbage disposal , and flick the switch . when the food have go down , he start to wash the dish . he stop and look back to the bathroom . int . hallway Ed walk over to the bathroom door . ed sadie ? there be no answer . he knock on the door . ed sadie ? be everything alright ? there be still no answer . ed I be come in . ok ? int . bathroom Ed open the door . sadie be lie on the floor , pass out . her pants be around she knee , as if she pass out while stand up from the toilet . her nose be bleed , like she might have hit it on the way down . it have ble on she sweater . the air from the open door wake she up , but she be in a heavy daze . ed be you alright ? my God . what happen ? Ed come over to she and lift she head . she stare at he strangely . ed can you stand ? do you understand I ? I will help you to the bedroom . sadie notice she pants be down . sadie oh. ed I will wait outside . int . hallway Ed wait outside and , a second later , sadie come out , still reeling , clutching she purse . she lean on Ed , who lead she into the bedroom . int . bedroom sadie lie down on the bed . ed you want some water . sadie yes , please . Ed go into the - int . kitchen he take a glass from the cupboard and fill it up . he stop , have notice something on the glass . he hold the glass up to the light . Eve 's lipstick be clearly mark on the rim . he put that glass down and fill another . int . bedroom when he come back , he find sadie digging through she purse . she pull out a asthma inhaler and take a couple of big hit . then she sit on the bed and drink a little water . sadie I be so embarrassed . ed no , do not be . sadie God , my nose . ed do it hurt ? sadie no , but the blood . ed maybe you hit it when you fall . sadie it be so weird . I hear someone 's voice , a woman 's voice . like a scream . and then it be like all my blood leave my body . ed sometimes you can hear the neighbor . sadie it be like it echoed around the bathroom . maybe I imagine it . I have be take this caffeine pill to stay awake . ed just relax . sadie I should go . ed I can not let you leave like this . sadie I do not mean to be such a burden . I be such a loser . I be so sorry about this . it seem that she nose have stop bleed , but she sweater have a surprising amount of blood on it . ed I will get you a towel . Ed leave and then come back with a wet towel . he start to wipe the blood off she nose . sadie I feel better now . thank you . ed do you want I to drive you home ? sadie I will be ok . ed maybe you want I to call you roommate . sadie my roommate move out . she hate I . she say I be immature , do you believe that ? ed you friend , then . sadie I do not have any friend . I do not know what it be . people do not like I here . I think it would be a good idea to go to a school far away from home , but since I have be here , it 's like , I spend all this time on my own . at my high school , my friend and I be so close . I just do not get along with people anymore . I do not know what it be . ed you get along with I . sadie you be the first person I have meet since I have be here that talk to I like a real person . Ed walk over to the closet and take out a sweater . ed you can borrow this , if you want . it 's my wife 's . sadie she would not mind . ed no. sadie I ble so much . Ed get up to give she some room . she slip out of she sweater and put the other one on . sadie look at a picture next to the bed . sadie be this you wife ? ed that 's my mother . that picture be older than it look . sadie she 's so pretty . ed she be young when that be take . she die a few year ago . sadie that 's awful . how would she die ? ed Cancer . it be quite a ordeal . she die very slowly . sadie that 's so sad . I better go , huh ? ed it 's get late . int . live room Ed walk she to the door . sadie I be sorry about everything . ed do not be sorry . I be glad you come . sadie I will see you tomorrow . ed tomorrow ? sadie in school . you will be there , right ? ed oh , yes . I will be there . sadie bye . sadie kiss he on the cheek and then leave . Ed lock the door after she . int . bathroom Ed look at the tub in the bathroom which be full of water . he stick he finger deep into the drain , try to free whatever be in there . there be another tuft of hair , and again he throw it into the toilet . the gurgle sound that he hear before have come back , resonate through the soapy water from the drain . int . basement Ed follow the gurgle sound into the basement . he take a flashlight from behind the basement door and shine it at the pipe that lead from the bathtub drain . he can hear the gurgle sound run through they . it sound like they eat something they can not digest . he reach up and touch the pipe . it seem to be leak a little , or maybe it be condensation . Ed trace the noise to a larger sewage pipe that run down into the basement floor . he watch the pipe , but slowly , he attention be draw to the shadow next to the pipe . as he stare intently into the darkness of the shadow , a figure begin to emerge in the distance . the darkness begin to change into a long hallway . a small figure be walk towards Ed and he footstep echo in the distance . Ed watch , mesmerize . the basement fade into the blackness , and now , the hallway become more clear . int . hospital it be a very long hospital hallway , and the figure walk toward Ed be a doctor , carry a clipboard . doctor Mr saxon . ed yes . doctor there 's nothing we can do for she now except to alleviate any pain she may be feel . we have she on a morphine drip and we will keep increase the dosage as she show any sign of pain . ed I see . can she understand I ? doctor at this point , probably not . she have so much morphine in she , I doubt she can even recognize you . but you never know . actually , in case like this , where the end be inevitable , I recommend that we increase the dosage on the morphine drip at a accelerate rate . there 's no point in make this last longer than it have to . ed whatever you think be best . the doctor nod , then walk into the hospital room where , we see now , Ed 's mother be lie in a hospital bed , hook up to a digital iv . she be old , but look older - she 's be through chemotherapy and radiation and they have all take they toll . she stare at Ed with confuse and desperate eye . it be hard to tell if she be look at he or not . the doctor , at the door , have a few word with the nurse , who then look into the room . Ed sit next to he mother and take she hand . she stare at he . the nurse come in and push a button on the digital iv . Ed watch the LED number on the digital iv go up . the nurse smile a attempt at comfort , then leave the room . mother react to the higher dosage of morphine . her eye get wider and more delirious . she sit up a little and tense she muscle . she let go of Ed 's hand and start move she arm up and down . she start shouting something . at first , it be completely unintelligible , but slowly , it become clearer . mother it means you're go to hell ! it means you 're go to hell ! it means you 're go to hell ! Ed stand up and back away . he back out of the hospital room as he mother continue to scream . Ed back into the hallway , which be now blackness . as he back away , another noise start to echo around he . a bang . a loud bang be come from upstairs . Ed back away and then run upstairs . int . hallway - day as Ed open the basement door , he see that it be bright daylight again . int . live room Ed open the front door and before he can react , a fist hit he hard in the face . Ed fall to the ground , next to a pile of letter that have be drop through the slot in the door . GEORGE simian walk in , wear a track suit . George , 35 , be a stronger man than Ed . he be better look , too , or , at least , young . he have a genuine honesty about he , like a big boy . it be this boyish quality that make he anger seem uncontrollable . GEORGE you son of a bitch . get up . Ed stagger to he foot . he try to get a swing in at George , but George grab he by the collar , hit he again , then throw he over the coffee table . Ed hit the phone and the answer machine on the way down . GEORGE eve ! when Ed do not say anything , George start search around the house . GEORGE ( o.s. ) eve ! Ed can hear George search around in the other room . he get up and sit on the couch , nursing he wound . after a minute , George come back into the live room . GEORGE what have you do ? ed do not hit I again . GEORGE you son of a bitch . George sit down on a chair across from Ed . GEORGE you son of a bitch . ed what do you think would happen ? nothing ? GEORGE you do something . ed I do what I always do . I wake up , go to my shitty job , come home and cook dinner for my wife , who be too busy bounce up and down on you bedspring to cook it herself . not exactly what I have plan for my life . the same boring shit as always . why do not you leave ? GEORGE I love she . I be sorry . I know she 's you wife . George be cry . Ed , despite himself , be move . ed what ? be I suppose to feel sorry for you now ? well , I will not . people think they can just carry on . they do not think that there might be consequence to they action . you will not find sympathy here . why do not you just leave ? GEORGE what do you do ? ed I do not do anything . she do not come home after work . George get up and start to leave . ed do not come back here again . George stop when he hear this and turn towards Ed with and angry look on he face . he grab Ed 's collar , pick he up from the couch and slug he hard across the head . Ed land on the floor , stunne and not move . GEORGE I swear . if I find out you do something to she , I will kill you . Ed watch George leave and stay lie on the floor as George 's car can be hear drive away outside . the telephone be lie on the floor , knock off its cradle , just out of Ed 's reach . Ed stare at it for a few second . it be make that beep noise that phone make when they be off the hook too long . he slowly get up and limp into the bathroom . int . bathroom he look in the mirror . his eye be swell up already and he lip be bruise . he wash he lip off , and then take a towel from the bathroom . int . kitchen he fill the towel with ice and hold it to he head . int . live room he pick up the phone as he walk into the live room and place it on the coffee table . he sit on the couch and stare at it for a second . then he bring the phone over to he desk and find derm 's business card . he sit down at the desk and call derm . ed hello . detective ? derm Mr saxon ? ed yes . derm I have be try to call you . ed you find she . derm no . I need to talk to you . ed detective . George simian be just over here . he hit I . derm be you ok ? ed I think so . derm do you want I to call a ambulance ? ed I do not need a ambulance . derm I will be right over . ed ok . he hang up the phone . he sit at the desk , rest the ice on he forehead . then he notice something under the sofa . it grab he attention . he get up for a closer look . there be dust bunny and dust under the edge of the sofa , like it have not be sweep for a while . Ed kneel down and try to peer under the sofa . it be dark underneath and he can not see anything . he reach he finger under and sweep out a few dust bunny . then he reach a little further under the sofa and sweep out Eve 's pinkie finger . he recoil at the sight of this . the finger have be neatly cut , as if by a sharp blade . Dust have clung to the clotted blood around the stump , but it be unquestionably a woman 's pinkie finger . he stare at it for a second , curiously disgust . he go to pick it up , decide he do not want to touch it , then use a tissue to pick it up . he hurry to the bathroom . int . bathroom he drop the finger into the toilet with the tissue and flush it . int . live room he hurry to the edge of the couch with a sponge and clean up the small amount of blood and dust leave there . int . kitchen he squeeze the sponge out until it be clean , then put it aside . he let out a huge sigh of relief . int . live room much of the ice have melt and the towel it be wrap in be now soaking wet . int . bathroom he take the towel into the bathroom and ring it out . then he look over at the toilet . the finger be still there , float like a cigarette butt . the water be pink from the blood , the tissue be go , but the finger float there defiantly . he flush the toilet again , but this time stay to watch . the water go down , but the finger stay buoyant and will not go down . there be a knock on the front door . Ed take a bunch of toilet paper from the roll and toss it over the finger . he flush again , but the tank have not fill up yet and , if anything , this make it longer until it will fill up again . there be another impatient knock at the door . ed one second ! Ed sit there wait , listen to the toilet tank fill . the knock outside be become more impatient . the tank finally fill . Ed flush and watch . this time the paper he throw in clog the toilet and the bowl quickly fill up with water . Ed reach behind the toilet and turn off the water , stop it from overflow . he look in the toilet and can not see the finger through the mess of toilet paper . there be another knock on the door . Ed close the toilet lid . int . hallway Ed shut the bathroom door firmly , take a breath , and hurry out to meet derm . int . live room Ed answer the door . derm come in with two assistant , mazurek and snyder . Snyder be hold Ed 's morning paper . derm damn . you do take a couple of blow , do not you . ed I be just put some ice on it . derm that 's the best thing for it . try to keep the swell down . it 's go to look worse tomorrow . you do not want to have a doctor examine you ? ed it 's not necessary . derm Mr saxon , Officer mazurek and Officer Snyder . they will be assist I . ed hi. mazurek how 's it go ? snyder here . I bring this in . Snyder hand Ed the newspaper . ed thanks . derm you say it be George simian who hit you ? ed yes , he do . he come barrel in here and hit I . several time . derm do you have any idea why he would come here ? ed because he 's a fuck asshole . derm I should say that I be concerned that he would come here . Mr simian have a history of violent behavior , in regards to domestic dispute . ed what kind of history ? derm nothing too serious . no felony . but enough , I think , to warrant some concern . with you permission , I would like to fill in a complaint report for he assault on you , and as soon as we be finish here , I will send this two over to arrest he , assume he can be find . ed you think he do something to Eve ? derm we do not have any evidence that he 's even see you wife she leave she office and disappear . we will be arrest he solely for he assault on you . ed but Eve 's car . you say you find she car near he house . derm it do no one any good to jump to conclusion . ed I guess I misunderstand . derm we be go to have to take some picture of you for the complaint report . the picture will be use as evidence against Mr simian if this matter do , eventually , go to trial . ed Fine . derm turn to Snyder , who have hear this conversation , and Snyder begin to take picture of ed. derm Mr saxon . this investigation can be quite demand , especially when experience the trauma of loss . do you understand what I be say ? ed yes . derm if you feel that you need someone to talk to , at any time , there be people , sometimes victim of similar situation themselves , who be will to listen and would like to help . he hand Ed a business card which read human support service , and have some address and phone information on it . derm be you aware that you wife have be have a affair ? ed with George simian ? derm yes . ed the p.e. teacher . I guess I should have know . derm apparently you wife have be see he for some time . almost a year , in fact . ed a year ? derm do you consider that you and you wife have a normal relationship ? ed I do not know . normal relationship . we get on each other 's nerve , have sex a few time a year , order pizza on Fridays . we have be marry for ten year . it do not stay rosy forever . maybe it be not paradise , but that do not mean that I do not love she . derm be you have any other relationship ? ed no. derm do you wife keep a diary ? ed no . she be not the type . derm Mr saxon . May I be frank ? ed yes . please . derm case involve miss person be not uncommon . in many case , and that be not to say in every case , but in many case , the result be unfortunate . ed my god. derm I be not say that you should give up hope , but my experience tell I that you should prepare yourself for the worst . now , have say that , we will do everything in we power to find you wife . ed I understand . derm now , it 's best if we can gather as much information as possible , as quickly as possible . I be sure you understand the urgency here . ed of course . derm it will be necessary for we to search through some of you wife 's personal item . ed I be sure I can find whatever it be that you want . derm it 's really in you wife 's best interest if you allow we to do it . we will not disturb anything or touch anything without you permission . ed alright . derm how about we start in the bedroom ? ed the bedroom . derm yes . ed right . I will show you . Ed stand up and lead they into the bedroom . int . hallway they pass by the bathroom . the gurgle noise from the plumbing echo around the hallway , and while the police do not seem to pay it any mind , Ed can definitely hear it . int . bedroom Ed look around the bedroom quickly before they go in . ed here you go . it 's sort of a mess . derm do you know where you wife keep she credit card receipt ? ed yes . sure . this way . Ed lead derm to Eve 's room , leave the two assistant in the bedroom . int . eve' room Ed go over to Eve 's write desk and look over the papers lie on top . derm Nice room . ed you like it ? derm yeah . very magritte . it 's like a nursery . ed I guess it be . I always through it be more of a conservatory . derm with the piano . ed right . she play in here sometimes . it 's nice . we always want to fix up the whole house , but , this be the only room we get to . derm thing always cost more than you think . ed yeah , I do not know what happen . anyway , we share a credit card , but she mostly use she own . derm if someone have take you wife , there 's a chance they might have use one of she credit card . or she might have use it herself . Ed pull at the lock drawer in the write table . ed I think she keep the receipt in here , but I do not have a key . derm look at the lock . derm let I try . Ed get out of the way and derm sit in the chair to examine the lock more closely . he press he thumb against the desk and break the wood around the lock , force the drawer open . derm there we go . ed I could have do it if I want to break it . derm I be sure she will understand . ed she will not . I promise . Ed sit back down and search through the drawer . he find some credit card receipt and sort through they . mazurek detective derm . mazurek come into the office carry sadie 's sweater , which have blood all over it . Snyder follow mazurek in and look over mazurek 's shoulder . mazurek it be under the bed , sir . derm take the sweater and look at the blood on it . derm be this you wife 's ? ed no. derm there 's blood on this sweater , Mr saxon . ed yes , I know . a student . detective , this be go to sound awkward , I guess , but a student of mine come to the house yesterday , after you be here . she be nervous , I suppose . she have a bloody nose . derm why would she have be nervous ? ed I do not know , but she seem nervous . derm that be awkward , be not it . ed I suppose it be . I give she one of my wife 's sweater to wear home . she must have leave that one by accident . derm by accident ? under the bed ? ed I do not know . derm what be she name ? ed sadie . sadie crumb . derm find a small , print name - tag read sadie crumb sewn into the collar . derm show it to mazurek and then indicate for he to go back to the bedroom . derm show the label to Ed . derm do you have this girl 's phone number ? I would like to talk to she . ed I do not think so . maybe . Ed get up and walk into the - int . live room - where he desk be . he search around and quickly find a photocopy of a hand - write list of phone number . derm I should call she . ed sure . here . he hand he the phone . derm dial the number . ed I do not tell she about my wife . I do not see any reason to . derm reach into he pocket and pull out a roll of tum . he take a couple and chew they and it obviously put a bad taste in he mouth . derm could I trouble you for a glass of water ? ed sure . Ed walk into the - int . hallway he pass by the bathroom and stop by the bedroom door . he look into the bedroom where the officer be search through he stuff . they find a copy of hustler Magazine and they chuckle about it , before they notice Ed watch they . as he watch , he can hear derm talk to sadie . derm ( o.s. ) hi . May I speak to sadie crumb , please ? this be detective derm of the Seattle Police Department . can I ask you a few question ? the officer turn and stare at Ed until he leave . int . kitchen Ed take a glass from the cupboard . he take it over to the sink and fill it with water . the tap make enough noise so that he can not hear anything else . int . hallway as Ed pass the bathroom door , the gurgle noise from the plumbing get louder . he make sure the door be firmly shot and then bring the glass of water to derm . int . live room derm hang up the phone and drink the water . derm thank you . ed well ? derm she sound very nice . you know , I think she leave she sweater under you bed on purpose . ed why would she do that ? derm so that she would have a reason to come back . ed I see . derm see a open box of skin-ee ( cookie . derm hey . my wife love that thing . I swear , she eat they by the box . I think they taste like shit . ed I know . I hate they . sometimes I think she eat they just to spite I . mazurek detective derm . derm look at Ed , then go into the other room . Ed follow . int . hallway derm do you go to work today , Mr saxon ? ed no . I guess I do not . derm if you would like , I can call the University for you and explain the situation . it might help . I be sure they would understand . ed I do not think it 's necessary . derm well , the offer stand if you change you mind later . ed it 's just that , I do not want they to know anything about all this . at least not yet . derm I understand . they walk into the - int . bedroom mazurek be hold a small , fabric-bound write book . derm what 's that ? mazurek look like a diary , sir . derm let 's have a look . derm look it over , read the last couple of entry quickly . derm where would you find this ? mazurek behind the bedside table . ed I do not know . derm we have to keep some thing to ourselves , or we would go crazy . this be you wife 's handwrite ? he show he the diary . ed yes . can I look at that ? derm of course . Ed take the diary and wander into Eve 's room , flipping through it as he walk . int . eve' room Ed flip through the last page of the diary . he read for a minute . some distant noise be come from the neighbor 's house . while we can not hear exactly what be be say , it be clear that a man be say something funny and a woman be laugh hysterically . Ed read for a minute until , astonished , he put it down and look up at derm , who be stand in the doorway watch he . ed I guess you never really know anyone . derm you do not know that you be wife be pregnant ? ed no. derm I be sorry . I talk to she doctor yesterday . I think you know . mazurek come up behind derm and say something inaudibly in he ear . derm be it alright if mazurek use the bathroom ? ed Excuse I ? derm the bathroom . May we use the bathroom ? we might be here for a while . ed no . the toilet be stuff up . actually . do you mind leave ? I just would like to be alone . derm Mr saxon . I be sorry about the intrusion into you privacy , but you must understand : my first priority be find you wife . there be still a great deal to go over . we might want to notify the press . ed the press ? derm in case like this , when we do not have many substantial lead , get a picture of you wife on tv can be invaluably helpful . ed I do not know if I be comfortable with that . derm we still have option leave , but without a thorough search of you wife 's belonging , that option be extremely limited . ed I want to be helpful , but I really do not see how , if you think she be kidnap , I do not see how it help you to search around we thing . derm we do not know that she be kidnap . we can not draw that kind of conclusion . she could have simply decide that she need some time alone . we have to consider every possibility . ed I just do not see how it help . derm I do not want to argue with you . we be try to help you . this be we job . ed I understand . derm it be in the best interest of you wife that you let we do that job without impediment . ed I do not want to get in the way . I just would like some time alone . you can come back tomorrow , but , please . I be very tired . I know it might seem irrational , but I have not sleep in a long time and this be all extremely overwhelming . please . I need to be alone . derm certainly . if I could just take that receipt . ed sure . here . take they all . the receipt be on the desk in front of he and he hand they to derm . derm reach out for the diary . ed I would like to keep this . derm there be some thing it may be better not to know , especially if you wife come back . ed I can give it to you tomorrow , if you still want it . Ed leave the diary on Eve 's write table and walk the officer out . int . live room derm Mr saxon . be there something wrong with you answer machine ? ed yes . it break when I fall on it . derm you have not be answer you phone . ed it have not rung . derm look at the phone and see the ringer be turn off . derm the ringer be off . ed oh . I must have turn it off . derm what if you wife call ? derm yes . of course . I be not think . derm could you please leave the phone on from now on ? ed yes . I think I be . ok . thank you . derm I will be call to let you know how thing go with Mr simian . ed yes . thank you . derm and the officer leave . Ed let out a sigh of relief . he touch he forehead and it obviously hurt . he go back into the bathroom . int . bathroom he open the medicine cabinet and search through the plethora of over - the-counter medicine crowd the shelf . he take a bottle of midol , or some other feminine pain-killer . he take a few of they and chase they down with a handful of tap water . then he turn to the toilet , lift the lid and look at the stuff - up mess . he roll up he sleeve and stick he hand in the bowl . he search around for the finger . the phone ring . he give up search and , with some wet toilet paper stick to he arm , hurry to answer the phone . int . live room Ed pick up the phone . ed hello . mrs mastrioni Mr saxon . this be Mrs mastrioni , from the Dean 's office . ed yes ? mrs mastrioni Mr saxon . you be suppose to call we when you plan on miss class . there be student wait for you . ed yes . I know . I be just have some personal problem . mrs mastrioni anyway , the Dean want to see you . ed the Dean ? mrs mastrioni yes . can you come in today ? ed no . what do he want to see I about ? mrs mastrioni I do not know . ed be it about I miss class ? mrs mastrioni it might be . ed what 's that suppose to mean ? mrs mastrioni it mean that if I be the Dean , and I want to see you , that be what it would be about . ed what kind of bullshit be that ? mrs mastrioni there 's no need to get upset , Mr saxon . ed be I be fire ? be that it ? mrs mastrioni look , I do not know . the Dean say he want to see you . ed well , I can not see he . mrs mastrioni personal problem ? ed that 's right . yes . mrs mastrioni that 's too bad . ed yes it be too bad . because I know what you be try to do . mrs mastrioni really ? what 's that ? ed you know what ? why do not you tell the Dean to go fuck himself ? mrs mastrioni Mr saxon ... ed and you go fuck yourself too . mrs mastrioni do this mean that you will not be come to class tomorrow ? ed fuck you ! Ed slam the phone down . int . bathroom Ed take the bottle of midol from the medicine cabinet and take a few more . then he notice a trail of pink water lead from the toilet , along the bathroom floor and into the hallway . he follow the trail . int . hallway the trail lead up to the pinkie finger . Ed watch while the finger move , inchworm - like , across the floor , toward Eve 's room , leave a wet trail behind it . Ed watch for a second while he decide what to do . he quickly grab the finger and take it to the kitchen sink . he drop it in the sink , push it down the drain and flick the garbage disposal on . he turn the water on and leave it run until it sound like there be nothing leave of the finger . when he turn it off , he stick he hand in , search for any remnant of the finger . it appear to have go down . he take the sponge and wet it . int . hallway he wipe up the trail of the finger , follow it back into the bathroom . int . bathroom he look at the toilet , which be still stuff up . int . basement Ed search around the basement for a plunger . the basement be full of strange sound , all ruminate from the expose pipe . he find a plunger among some other tool and start back upstairs , but on he way upstairs , he find that there be a puddle of water on the floor . he trace the source of the puddle to the pipe that be only moist before . it be now drip slowly and a large pool of dirty water be collect in the shallow recess of the cement floor . Ed stare into the murky , black pool . there be a knock on the door upstairs and Ed turn to answer it . int . live room - night Ed answer the door and see that it be now dark outside . geoffrey costas stand outside . geoffrey , 54 , be a wise , patient man . he be formal and calm in he manner , but this quality belie a warm emotional vulnerability . physically , he be not small or weak . one get the impression that he be not always so kind . geoffrey Mr saxon ? ed yes . geoffrey hello . my name be geoffrey costas . I be from human support service . ed I be not interested . geoffrey detective derm ask I to stop by . he hand he a business card . Ed take the card and look it over . geoffrey you have be hit . ed I be fine . I do not need a doctor . he try to hand the card back . geoffrey oh , I be not a physician . I be a psychiatrist . but I be not here on business . this be my time off . ed this be a personal visit ? I do not understand . geoffrey human service be a volunteer organization . we offer assistance to victim of traumatic crime . ed what kind of assistance ? geoffrey advice , support , a shoulder to cry on . ed why would I want to cry on you shoulder ? geoffrey maybe you just want someone to talk to . it can be a lonely world when that you love be take from you . ed no . I do not think so . geoffrey well , you have my card . if you feel like talk at another time , please feel free to call . ed actually , there be something you can help I with . I have be have trouble sleep . geoffrey that 's understandable , under the circumstance . ed be there something you can give I ? geoffrey you mean a prescription ? ed you be a doctor , be not you ? geoffrey yes . ed I can not seem to find anything strong enough . geoffrey you be anxious . ed yes . I can not sleep . it make I anxious . or maybe I can not sleep because I be anxious . I do not know . geoffrey how long have this be go on ? ed a long time . geoffrey week ? ed oh , yes . geoffrey you must have sleep some . ed maybe I do . but I do not seem to get the benefit . I never feel rest . there just do not seem to be the time to relax anymore . I be always two step behind . I have to stop the think . the longer I stay awake , the more my thought become frantic , irrational . if I do not get some sleep soon , nothing be go to make any sense . geoffrey I see . May I come in ? ed yes . come in . geoffrey come in and place he briefcase on the table inside . geoffrey there be time when the pressure of everyday life become overwhelming . as a doctor , I notice more and more of my patient experience similar symptom . I be afraid it 's a sign of the time , as much as anything else . ed can you help I ? geoffrey like I say , I be not here on a professional basis . you insomnia be merely a symptom of a great unwholesomeness . a last treatment may be extremely hard to come by . there 's very little we can hope to accomplish with pharmaceutical alone . however , under the circumstance , I can give you something to help you sleep . do you have health insurance ? ed yes , through work . geoffrey take a prescription pad from he briefcase and scribbles out a prescription . geoffrey the prescription I be go to write for you be expensive , so I recommend you save the receipt for you insurance company . I be sure they will cover it . this pill be quite new . I have be prescribe they to my patient who travel a great deal , for they jet lag . they will help stabilize you internal clock by chemically suppress certain amino acid in you brain . ed will it help I sleep ? geoffrey oh , yes . now , take two at night , and do not take more than six in a day . ok ? ed yes . thank you . geoffrey shut he briefcase and start to leave . geoffrey I be glad I could help . how about I check in on you tomorrow afternoon ? ed tomorrow ? geoffrey to see how you be do ? ed I do not know . geoffrey for what it 's worth , I understand you position better than you think . do not shut it all out . sometimes that fragile connection to the rest of the world be all we have . I sincerely hope thing turn out for you . tomorrow then ? ed tomorrow . Ed shut the door behind geoffrey . int . bathroom Ed work the plunger in the toilet . the water be still pink from the finger , but also might be pink from the pink toilet paper that be now break up and mix in with the water . he plunge the toilet a few more time and then stop to see if it be work . the water slowly go down . he reach behind the toilet and turn the water back on . he flush it and it seem to be work again , albeit weakly . he sit on the edge of the bathtub and take a breath . the water in the tub have not go down , so he take the plunger and start to work it over the drain . after a minute , he see that it be not work . he reach into the drain and pull out a huge clump of scum-filled hair . it be repulsive to Ed . he throw it into the toilet . the water in the bathtub still have not go down . int . kitchen he search under the sink through a exhaustive supply of clean supplies . he eventually pull out a king-size container of drano . int . bathroom he read the back of the container quickly , then pour the whole thing down the drain . he watch it for a second , wait for it to go down . slowly , then softly , the piano can be hear play in the other room . Ed listen to it before follow it down the hallway . int . hallway the lamp on Eve 's write desk be on and it light up the end of the hallway . the music still seem to be come from she room . int . eve' room Ed come in and look around the room . there be no one play the piano , but the music continue over the rest of the scene . Ed 's attention turn to the diary , which be still sit on the desk where he leave it . Ed sit in the chair and start paging through Eve 's diary . the piano continue play . we hear Eve 's voice as it must have be when she be write . eve ( v.o. ) more than three week late . damn . I be so stupid . I have not tell George because I be sure he would use this as a excuse to pressure I to leave Ed . and how can I tell Ed . there 's no way he could be the father . we have not have sex in month . he would know it be not be . Ed flip back a few page . as he do , the camera start to travel around the room , pass the piano , and then a few picture from Eve 's past , then some souvenir on a shelf . eve ( v.o. ) saw a movie last night with George . it be awful ; just the kind of movie Ed hate . I want to tell he about it , but I could not . I tell he I be at susie 's . George love it , of course . I think he like every movie . still , it be nice to go out on a date like that . it be fun . int . hallway now the camera have turn to the empty hallway . it slowly move toward the bathroom . eve ( v.o. ) Ed come home in a shitty mood and start pick a fight with I about a coffee cup I break last week . it be the last thing I need , today especially . sometimes I fuck hate he . he can be such a shit . int . kitchen the camera pan over the glass that have Eve 's lipstick on it . eve ( v.o. ) I can not believe what a jock George be . I know he work out , but he really take car of himself . after we have sex , I be embarrassed to let he see I naked . how could I have get so fat ? I be go back to the gym tomorrow . I have really let myself go to pot . maybe I will get he a softball bat for he birthday next week . int . bathroom the camera come into the bathroom and pass over all of Eve 's thing sit on the back of the toilet . eve ( v.o. ) Ed do not sleep anymore . he 's beginning to scare I . he take all this pill to help he sleep , but they only make it worse . and he hate I . I can see it in he eye . he blame I for everything that go wrong in he life . maybe he 's right . maybe it be my fault . I feel so guilty about George that I can not argue with he anymore . I can not keep this up much longer . fuck it . I be go to tell he about George tomorrow . he know anyway . he must know . he 's be act so weird . poor Ed . he use to have so much ambition . and he 's so talented . I just wish thing have turn out better . the camera turn toward the bathtub , and focus slowly in on the drain . a few bubbles pop out from under the water and the water start to drain out . as the camera dolly in on the drain , the last of the murky water disappear . Ed , now stand in the bathroom , strike a match and hold it up to the diary until the corner finally catch on fire . he fan out the page so that it will catch more . when he can not hold it anymore , he drop it into the bathtub and watch it burn . he watch it until it have burnt itself out , burn into a pile of thick , black ash . int . hallway Ed look up at the smoke alarm . he try to pull it down , but it be out of he reach . Ed grab a chair from the live room and stand on it so that he can reach the alarm . he pull the cover off the alarm and then the battery out and the alarm be finally silence . then he hear voice come from outside the front door . he approach the front door cautiously , then put he ear up to the door and listen . the voice be mute and whisper , but Ed can still hear what be be say , although it be hard to tell who be talk . harvey ( o.s. ) no . I will not . sadie ( o.s. ) you be so crazy . harvey ( o.s. ) I be crazy ? what about you ? sadie ( o.s. ) quiet . he 's go to hear you . harvey ( o.s. ) so what if he hear I . who be he , anyway ? sadie ( o.s. ) God , you be be such a asshole . Ed open the door quickly . ext . porch - night sadie and harvey freeze like catch child . harvey , 19 , look young than he be ; he facial hair be not capable yet of fill out he meager goatee . he seem hurt , like a spoiled child who have not get he way . ed what 's go on ? sadie Christ . I be so sorry . harvey who 's this ? be this he ? sadie will you shut up ? harvey he 's so old . ed Excuse I ? sadie can we just go inside ? please ? Ed let sadie inside . harvey so that 's it ? you be go with he now ? sadie you really do not understand anything . harvey you say you love I . sadie Jesus . would you shut up ? you be so embarrassing . harvey embarrassing ? I will tell you what 's embarrassing . you with this fuck geriatric old man . that 's embarrassing . ed you little shit . Ed make a move toward harvey , but harvey back away quickly . harvey do not touch I ! sadie let 's just go in , ok ? he will leave . harvey user . sadie stalker . psycho . harvey slut . sadie slam the door on he . int . live room sadie stand stare at the floor . sadie I can not believe that . you know , he follow I here . ed he follow you ? sadie yeah . do you believe it ? oh my God . what happen to you ? ed somebody hit I . sadie be you alright ? ed I be fine . sadie who hit you ? ed I really do not want to get into it . sadie I nearly have a heart attack when the police call I . ed what do they ask you ? sadie just about I be here . about what happen . ed but nothing happen . sadie that 's what I tell they . ed they find you sweater . it have blood all over it . sadie you be kid . ed you leave it under the bed . sadie oh , yeah . damn . I do not know why I do thing like that . ed what if my wife have find it ? sadie oh . be she here ? ed no. look , sadie . I do not want you to get the wrong idea . sadie do not be mad . it 's just that I worry too much . you do not come to class again . and you say you would . I start get all this idea . I call you , but nobody answer . I mean to bring you wife 's sweater back , but I forget it . ed actually , I be glad you be here . can you do I a favor ? sadie sure . anything . ed I have to get a prescription fill . sadie no problem . Ed find the prescription on he desk . ed I would go myself , but I be expect a phone call . sadie sure . he hand she the prescription . ed there 's a twenty - four pharmacy on market . sadie I know the one . I go there all the time . it 's like my second home . ed I will give you my credit card . Ed find he wallet and hand she the card . sadie I will be back in a minute . ed thank you . sadie skip out the door and Ed shut it behind she . int . bathroom Ed turn on the shower , wash the ash down the drain . after he 's watch they go down , he take a sponge and clean off the burnt mark in the tub as best he can . he turn the shower on , rinsing it out . he turn the shower off and hear the phone be ringing . int . live room Ed pick up the phone . derm Mr saxon ? detective derm . ed yes , hi. derm I want to let you know that we have take Mr simian into custody . ed I understand . derm we find he at he place of work . ed at the school ? derm yes . we arrest he there . he will come up for arraignment tomorrow morning and then , as far as I can tell , he will probably be release on he own recognizance . ed I see . derm it 's just standard procedure , but I think I would keep you inform . ed yes . thank you . do he say anything about Eve ? derm try to rest , Mr saxon . we have a lot of ground to cover tomorrow . ed I will . thank you . derm good night . Ed hang up the phone . then he hear some sound come from Eve 's room . int . eve' room Ed take a few step into Eve 's room . he trace the noise to the window and look out at the neighbor 's house . the light be on in the neighbor 's window , and there be some vague shadow move around on the close curtain . as the noise get louder , it soon become clear that the neighbor be have sex . Ed peer out at the light in the window , listen to the woman 's increase moan . the woman seem to be in some sort of painful , orgasmic delight . in other word , it mostly sound like she be have a good time , but there should be a grow suspicion that not all be right . woman ( o.s. ) oh . oh. oh ! oh! oh ! oh ! no ! no ! no ! Ed back slowly away from the window . he hear someone knock on the front door . int . live room Ed open the door and sadie come in hold a colorful paper bag . ed thank you . Ed take the bag from sadie and go into the kitchen . int . kitchen sadie follow he in . Ed open the pill quickly and swallow three of they with a glass of water . sadie that pill cost a lot . they must be strong . ed they be sleep pill . I have be have trouble sleep . sadie you must have anxiety . I can never get to sleep when I be anxious . ed I be anxious . yes . sadie take some other stuff out of the bag . one of the item be a individually wrap skin-ee ( fat - free cookie , chocolate , chocolate chip . sadie I get you some peroxide and stuff . and a cookie . I have not eat today . ed you put it all on my credit card , right ? sadie actually , I pay for it . they would not take you card . ed why not ? sadie they say you have not pay you bill , on the phone . they call the credit card people when it do not go through . ed damn . well , I will pay you back . sadie it 's ok . I charge it to my dad . I do not even pay the bill . ed no , that pill be expensive . and my insurance will cover it anyway . sadie pay I back later , then . really , it 's ok . ed be you sure ? sadie it 's fine . I swear . sadie look at the cut on he face . sadie you face must hurt . ed no . I do not seem to feel anything . sadie it 's nasty . sadie take a closer look . sadie here . sit down . she sit Ed down at the kitchen table , under a light , and sit across from he , then take the peroxide and some cotton swab she buy at the pharmacy and start to dress he wound . ed I have never be hit before . sadie I neither . ed it 's not so bad , really . it 's humbling , but I like the effect it seem to have on people . it seem to make they more compassionate . there 's a competitive market for suffer in the world . it 's difficult to stand out from the handicapped and the homeless and the politically oppress . sometimes a little advertising help remind people that you be a human be . sadie it do make you look sort of cute , in a pathetic kind of way . ed sadie . sadie be you really marry ? ed what ? you think I just make it up ? sadie I do not know . some people just say they be marry , you know , because maybe they think it 's more respectable or something . ed I be not one of that people . sadie I do not mean to imply anything . it 's just that you act sort of weird . ed I act weird ? sadie not weird , really . worried , I guess . secretive . like you be worried I might find out something about you . ed you do not want to get involved with my problem . sadie maybe I do . ed believe I , you do not . sadie I do not mean to pry . well , maybe I do . I will just put a band - aid on it . ed would you like a drink ? I be go to have one . 1tt1 he find a bottle of wine . sadie you be not suppose to mix wine with sleep pill . it increase the amount of medicine that 's absorb into the bloodstream . 1tt1 Ed search for a corkscrew and start to open the bottle . ed I need all the help I can get . sadie it 's dangerous . ed it 's just wine . I will only have a glass . 1tt1 he offer she some and she nod . he pour she a glass . sadie take she glass into the live room . Ed downs he glass of wine and refill it quickly before follow she . int . live room 1tt1 she sit down at he desk . sadie be you work on anything new ? ed no . I do not write anymore . sadie why not ? ed I just do not have the time . I have to work all day . time just slip by . sadie I know what you mean . there 's not enough time in the day . ed not as much as there use to be . sadie there use to be more ? ed yes . before I have to work there be plenty of time . sadie but you have all that stuff publish . ed sure , but it do not pay very much . I have a lot of debt from school that need to be pay off . and then , credit card . and then I get marry , buy a house . life come with all this expense . and poetry just do not pay . I think work at the University would at least give I summer off . sadie do not it ? ed not really . no. 1tt1 there be a knock on the door . the idea that someone else might see they together make it awkward for both of they . 1tt1 Ed freeze for what seem like a long time ; long enough for whoever it be to knock again . ed I better see who that be . sadie yeah . 1tt1 Ed go over to the door and open it cautiously . it be Eve 's friend , susie . susie hi , it 's I . ed oh , hi susie . 1tt1 she be about to walk in , when Ed block she way . she can see sadie sit at Ed 's desk hold a glass of wine . ed Eve 's not here . susie oh . she come back though , do not she ? ed no , she do not . susie oh no . can I come in ? ext . porch - night 1tt1ed , rather than let she in , push she outside and shut the door behind she . ed no . I be busy right now . I call the police . susie what do they say ? ed they be work on it . you can call they if you want . 1tt1 Ed find derm 's card in he pocket and hand it to she . susie be not you worried ? ed of course I be worried . I be just work right now . this girl be one of my student . she want some help on a assignment . she do not know anything about Eve be miss . susie what happen to you ? ed George simian hit I . susie George ? ed you know he . it figure . 1tt1 susie start cry . Ed stare at she helplessly , then go back inside . susie wait. 1tt1 Ed stop . susie can I come back later ? ed it 's late . I just take some sleep pill . I have not sleep much since this all start . why do not you come back tomorrow ? susie tomorrow ? ed good night , susie . Ed walk back in , leave susie stand on the porch . int . live room - night Ed wait by the door until he hear she footstep walk away outside . sadie stand up , look nervous . sadie 2t2 be that you wife ? ed 2t2no . it be a friend of hers . sadie 2t2 I should go . ed 2t2no . why ? sadie 2t2 you must be tired . that pill must be work . ed 2t2 I do not think they be work at all . sadie 2t2still . you be marry , right ? ed 2t2 yeah , but , please do not go . please . time have a way of slow down when you be around . sadie 2t2 really ? for I , too . ed 2t2 so you will stay ? sadie 2t2 if you want I to . Ed come over to she and kiss she . sadie 2t2 can I ask you something ? ed 2t2what ? sadie 2t2 do you think my write be good ? ed 2t2 you have do some good work . sadie 2t2 yeah . C minus good . ed 2t2 I tell you , I be in a bad mood when I grade that . sadie 2t2 I guess so . she be unresponsive at first . sadie ( to herself ) 2t2 what be I do ? they kiss for a minute , then Ed slip he hand under the back of sadie 's sweater . she kiss he again . int . bedroom sadie turn the light off and we can only see by the light come in from the hallway . Ed lie on the bed and sadie lie next to he , under the cover . Ed slip he hand under the back of she sweater and fiddle with she bra while they kiss . the gurgle sound start up again , and while sadie do not notice , or do not hear it , it become increasingly distracting to Ed . he look to the bathroom where the noise be come from . int . bathroom the camera focus in on the drain . the water in the bathtub start rise again . int . bedroom sadie break away from he , sit up and take off she sweater . Ed take off he shirt . Ed 's kiss move around the side of she neck . as he reach she ear , he look up and notice Eve 's clothes sit on the chair . int . bathroom the water be rise slowly , but we can see solid stuff ( the ash from the diary be clearly part of the muck ) seeping out of the drain with the water . it be a cloudy , dark , disgusting water which probably stink too . int . bedroom Ed be try to concentrate on sadie , but he notice the closet door be open and there be some dress blow around inside . and the noise from the bathroom be get louder . he turn sadie onto she back , turn himself away from the closet . his kiss run down she chest until he get to she jeans . he unbutton she jeans and start to pull they off , kissing as he go . Ed have take she pants off , but he passion and enthusiasm have fade , and he stop and stare off into space , towards the bathroom . he be spook . sadie 2t2 what 's wrong ? he look down and see sadie stare at he . ed 2t2 I do not know . maybe it 's that pill . I do not know . sadie 2t2 just relax . lie back . sadie gently push he back and start to go down on he . Ed get more uptight . ed 2t2no . please . just stop . she keep try until Ed be force to push she away . ed 2t2it 's just not work . ok ? sadie 2t2 alright . I be sorry . sadie turn away . she 's upset . sadie 2t2 maybe I should go . ed 2t2no . please , do not . it 's my fault . please . do not go . sadie 2t2 damn , I be so stupid . ed 2t2 no , it 's I . please . sadie 2t2 this be a mistake . sadie get up and put on she shirt . she grab the rest of she clothes and go into the live room . Ed stare after she , listen to she finish dress herself and then leave . the clock next to the bed be tick loudly and the sound of the tick continue of the next few scene , as indicate . int . kitchen Ed pour a few more pill into he hand , swallow they with some wine from the bottle . int . bathroom Ed look at the bathtub , which be full of the murky water . he pick up the plunger , which be still by the toilet , and start work it on the drain . more stuff be come up , make the water darker , but as he relax the plunger , the water do not go down . if anything , the gurgle sound be louder . he work the plunger some more , more vigorously and then , again , relax it and watch the drain hopefully . the gurgle noise seem closer and the water still do not go down . then he hear something hit the front door . int . live room Ed open the front door and pick up the newspaper which have just be throw . he put it with the other newspaper , which have pile up in they plastic wrap on he desk . int . bathroom he come back into the bathroom and look at the bathtub . he put the plunger over the drain and work it much harder and , this time , after a few second , there be a loud knock in the pipe , as if he hit something . he take the plunger away and watch the drain . suddenly , a large air bubble burst out of the drain . he watch , but the water show no sign of drain . then , slowly , blood start to leak into the tub from the drain . Ed be naturally terrify by this . he watch until it be clear that it be blood and not just more gook . he put plunger back on the drain and pump it a few more frantic time . more blood seep out of the drain . he seem to be make the problem worse . he shut the shower curtain and back out of the bathroom . int . kitchen he spill the pill on the kitchen counter and count they quickly . there be about ten leave . he pour they into he mouth and swallow the rest of the wine . then the tick stop . Ed look at a clock on the wall . the second hand have stop . he hear voice in the other room . int . eve' room he look out of the window in Eve 's room . he see that the light in the neighbor 's window be on . the couple next door be have another argument , but this one be much more intense than the last . woman ( o.s. ) 2t2 why do you care ! you do not care ! you know nothing about I ! I hate you ! stay away from I ! I will scream ! I be not scream now ! you think you be the only one ? yes , I do ! I love you ! you never do that ! you do not ! you never do anything ! you think that nothing 's wrong ! you think we live in paradise ! this be what I think of this fuck house ! there be the sound of thing break . woman ( o.s. ) it's not my fault ! it be not my fault ! then don 't ! I am not ! I love you ! fuck you ! I can't believe you say that ! stay away from I ! you ruined my life ! stay away from I ! stop it ! shut up ! stay away from I ! no ! stop it ! you son of a bitch ! help ! help ! this end with a loud , terrifying shriek . it seem to echo around the room as Ed watch . then the voice stop . Ed watch the window and see a featureless man stick he head through the curtain to see if anybody be listen . then he close the window and curtain . the phone ring in the other room . int . kitchen he hurry to answer the phone . while he be on the phone , a new sound be come from the bathroom . it be like the gurgle sound , but also subtly different . ed hello . derm Mr saxon ? ed yes . derm it 's detective derm . I be sorry to call you so late , but I think you would want to hear this . ed yes ? derm I be afraid I have some bad news . ed what be it ? derm it 's you wife . we have find she ... ed you find she . derm we find she body . ed her ... derm yes , sir . in the wood , near George simian 's house , where we find she car . I be afraid she 's dead . Ed drop the phone . he walk trance - like into the hallway . he follow the noise into the - int . bathroom the noise come from the bathroom now sound more human , like a baby gurgle . as Ed walk into the bathroom , he can see that there be something in the bathtub . the shower curtain be close , but behind it , there be some sort of body move . Ed pull the curtain back . he reveal a baby , just bear , lie in the tub . most of the murky water have drain and leave a dirty ring around the tub . the baby be a newborn , except that its eye be maybe larger than they would be . the baby be also six feet tall . it 's immense frame fill the bathtub . it be naked ( it 's a boy ) . Ed watch with amazement . the baby look incredibly real , except for its size . the stare at each other for a minute . the baby look a lot like George simian . it have he eye . other than this , it behave like a baby . it be lie on its back , gurgle peacefully with he foot in the air and he leave hand grip the shower curtain . the baby reach out for Ed lovingly . Ed back away . see this , the baby start cry . Ed , panic , approach the baby . it be still cry . Ed reach out to touch it . he touch its arm and the baby 's cry start to subside . the baby move with typical , quick , chaotic movement that , because of the baby 's size , be almost threaten . Ed put he hand in the baby 's hand . the baby grip it as baby 's do , but this baby 's hand be about the size of Ed 's . the baby stop cry and return to its curious gurgle . Ed try to pull he hand back , but the baby will not let go . the baby , it seem , be incredibly strong . Ed pull harder . he still can not get the baby to let go . Ed try to pry the baby 's finger off , and this time manage to get he hand out of the baby 's grip . but as soon as he do , the baby start cry again . he back out into the hallway . int . hallway Ed be in a panic . the baby 's cry echo around he as he back away from the bathroom . int . kitchen Ed find himself in the kitchen . he look at he hand which be cover with bloody muck from the tub . he wash they off in the sink . he look over at the kitchen knife which have be drying in the dish rack . int . hallway Ed walk slowly , purposefully to the bathroom . the cry baby get louder as he approach . int . bathroom he come into the bathroom , but in the tub , instead of the baby , there be a grow man 's body . it be Ed , stare up at himself from under the water . we only see a very tight shot of bathtub ed 's head and part of he neck . his head be under water and he look up , unable to move . we then see the reverse shot of this and it be also of Ed , so that Ed be , in effect , look up at himself through the cloudy water . the baby cry continue , although the baby be no longer in the scene . from bathtub Ed 's point of view , we see the other Ed take the kitchen knife and lean forward and to the right , off -camera . bathtub Ed , who can move he eye , try to look to he arm , where the other Ed be cut . soon , blood start to mix with the water , diffuse over bathtub Ed 's face . the blood also diffuse over bathtub Ed 's p.o.v. , as he look up at the other Ed cut he . when the other Ed be finish cut , bathtub Ed see he put the knife aside and then reach down , off -camera . after a short struggle , the other Ed pull up bathtub Ed 's severe arm and slip it into a garbage bag he have already prepare . the blood from bathtub Ed 's cut fill the water with dark blood , turn the film red . the red dissolves into a pool of blood that be in the hallway . int . hallway Ed , with a bucket and sponge , be clean pocket of blood from the floor and wall . he be cry while he do this . he squeeze the sponge for the last time , then inspect the hallway as closely as he can , search for any spot he might have miss . then he pick up the bucket and take it into the bathroom . int . bathroom he dump the water from the bucket into the bathtub . the water be pink and dirty . he sit down on the edge of the bathtub and watch the water go down the drain . he stare at the drain in a trance until he hear a knock on the front door . he turn to listen to it in the other room . int . hallway - day as he open the bathroom door , he see that the sun be shine in from the live room . int . live room geoffrey stand patiently outside as Ed open the door . he carry he briefcase and look dress for work . his appearance be a stark contrast to the half - dress , blood - shot Ed . geoffrey hi . I want to see how you be get along . ed get along ? geoffrey I have to say , you do not look well . ed I be not well . geoffrey have you sleep ? ed I do not know . maybe . it 's difficult to tell . I have this lapse , but I would hardly call it sleep . geoffrey do you take the pill ? ed the pill be fuck useless . geoffrey but you take they ? ed yes . geoffrey I see . May I take you blood pressure ? ed ok , fine . geoffrey come in and place he briefcase on the table . he take a stethoscope and the rest of he blood pressure kit and start to take Ed 's blood pressure . ed I feel like a lab rat . like one of that lab rat they drug up and study . you know what I mean ? geoffrey you feel like a rat . ed they put they in a maze and they give they shock and drug and they see what they do . they try to prod they in the direction they want they to go . geoffrey try to relax . ed I feel like a rat who take all the turn , take all the drug , go down the right path and then , when I get to the end , they shocked I anyway , right up the sphincter , like it be all just a big joke . I guess they think I would be too drugge up to notice . geoffrey it 's be a few day , have not it , since you wife disappear ? ed day ? yes . I guess . geoffrey have there be any word from the police ? ed have not you talk to they ? geoffrey no . but if you would like I to , I will , on you behalf . they know I and I have be through this before . ed with other ? geoffrey with other , and myself . my wife be take from I about three year ago . ed what happen ? geoffrey it be a similar situation to yours . the police find she car in the parking lot of a mall . they find she body about a week later in some wood nearby . ed she be murder . geoffrey yes . ed do they ever catch the man who do it ? geoffrey no. ed why would somebody do that ? geoffrey sometimes a man , when face with he own problem or inadequacy , take it out on someone weaker than themselves . ed I be sorry . geoffrey do you feel responsible at all for you wife 's disappearance ? ed why ? geoffrey people often blame themselves for event that they have no control over , especially when the event seem so random and cruel . action lead up to tragedy tend to become more significant . detail weigh on the conscience . ed I do seem to be have problem with my conscience . geoffrey I see . ed do you think that 's why I can not sleep ? geoffrey could be . ed be there anything you can give I ? geoffrey a prescription ? for you conscience ? of course not . ed then what 's the point ? geoffrey there be other way I can be of help . ed a shoulder to cry on ? geoffrey would you like I to call the police ? there might be some news . ed the police call last night , late last night . they find Eve 's body . geoffrey oh , no . ed they find she bury in the wood , near where they find she car . geoffrey I be sorry . I do not know . geoffrey 's watch alarm go off . he look at the time and then , habitually take a shiny silver pillbox from he pocket . he take two pill out . geoffrey Excuse I . ed I never know I could feel so alone . geoffrey take a thermos from he briefcase , pour some hot tea into the lid and swallow the pill with a mouthful of tea . geoffrey he have not call since last night ? ed no. geoffrey it 's be a while . why do not you let I call he ? maybe there 's some news . when Ed do not object , geoffrey take he address book from he briefcase , along with a cellular phone and dial the number . geoffrey detective derm , please . hi , Charlie , it 's geoffrey . I be over at Ed saxon 's house . yeah . he be hope to get some information on he wife . uh-huh . well , he say you call he last night and tell he that you have find she body . uh-huh . I see . in the wood , near where you find she car . I do not know . yes . well , I do give he something to help he sleep . right . yes . then geoffrey turn away from Ed and say a few word quietly , so that Ed can not hear . then ... geoffrey yes . yes . I will tell he . yes. ok . bye . geoffrey hang up and turn back to Ed . ed what ? geoffrey he say he never call you last night . ed what ? geoffrey he tell I to tell you to wait here for he ; that he 's come over . ed I do not understand . geoffrey it be possible that you do fall asleep , that you dream the phone call . I have to say that I be surprised when you say you have not sleep . that pill be very effective . ed the pill . yes. maybe . geoffrey still , this be better , be not it ? I mean , now there 's still a chance . you wife could still be ... there 's still hope . ed yes . hope . but why be he come over here ? geoffrey he say he have some question to ask you . ed what question ? geoffrey he do not say . ed if he have some question to ask I , he could have ask I on the phone . geoffrey calm down , Mr saxon . ed why do you turn away from I when you be talk to he ? what do you say ? geoffrey I say you be very tired and anxious and that you seem to be under a great deal of stress . ed you be lie . geoffrey I have no reason to lie . ed do not you ? geoffrey no . why do you think I be lie ? ed because you be scared . geoffrey do look scared . he have quickly pack up he briefcase . geoffrey Mr saxon . please . I understand you be under a lot of stress . ed you do not understand anything . geoffrey I come here to help you . ed then help I . please . geoffrey I have do all I can now . I be sorry . I can not do any more . ed but , you will come to see I again , will not you ? geoffrey no . I do not think I will . geoffrey leave . Ed shut the door . the phone ring . Ed pick it up . ed hello ? GEORGE be this Ed ? ed George . GEORGE what do you do to Eve ? ed I do not do anything . GEORGE I know you do . I see she before she leave work . we meet in the parking lot , like we always do . she tell I she be leave you . she be go to tell you when she get home . ed you do not know anything about it . GEORGE yes , I do . I know you . Eve talk about you . she tell I thing . ed what thing ? GEORGE I know about the fight you have . ed she 's my wife . we fight sometimes . GEORGE that 's bullshit . I know what kind of a son of bitch you can be . she 's tell I . ed what do not you tell it to the police ? GEORGE I do . ed you think she be some sort of angel ? she be cheating on I . GEORGE I love she . I love she . Ed listen to George break down . ed I be sorry . there be a long pause . GEORGE it 's not enough . George hang up . int . bathroom the bathroom be completely clean . there be no sign of any of the activity from before . Ed find the bottle of prescription sleep pill . it be empty . he take a couple of midol and swallow they dry . int . live room Ed sit down at he desk . he look over the papers on he desk . sadie 's be on top . he look it over . the phone ring and he pick it up . ed hello ? sadie hello . ed sadie . sadie I want to apologize . ed no . do not apologize . it be I . sadie I should not have leave like that . I do not know what come over I . ed it be understandable , under the circumstance . sadie I really want you to like I . ed I wonder if you will still feel the same way when you find out what kind of person I really be . sadie I will still keep you poem on my wall . ed yes . sadie I think it 's a beautiful poem . I really do . be you still there ? ed yes . sadie I wish thing have turn out better . she hang up . Ed stay on the phone , listen until the dial tone click back in . then Ed hear a car pull up outside . he follow some quiet footstep as they walk up to the front door . he see the door knob turn quietly in the door . the door be lock . Ed approach the door slowly , but suddenly , there be a crash against it . someone be try to knock the door down . the door be strong , and do not open , but the wall around it shake . after a few second , there be another crash against the door . this time the wall shake so much that Eve 's picture , which hang by the door , almost fall off its nail . Ed look out of the window . the window be position face the street , but not the porch , so he can not see who it be , but he can see a car park out front , with the door still open . Inside the car , there be a softball glove lie on the passenger seat , along with something that George simian be wear when we last see he . George crash against the door again . this time Eve 's picture fall off the wall . it hit the ground and smashes , spread break glass around she picture . the door be start to loosen around the lock and jamb . int . hallway Ed back into the hallway . as he pass the bathroom , he can hear the gurgle sound from the plumbing start up again . int . kitchen Ed back into the kitchen . he search around , quickly find the kitchen knife . he grab it out of the dish rack and start walk toward the front door . int . hallway there 's another bang on the door . Ed pass slowly through the hallway , watch the door , hold the knife in front of he . the gurgle sound in the bathroom be deep and resonant , echoing out of the drain , around the bathroom and into the hallway . there be another hard crash against the door , which break the jamb . the door be only be hold on by the splinter around the lock and George start kick the door with he foot . Ed back into the basement door . he open it and go into the - int . basement he hurry down the stair into the darkness of the basement . the pipe surround Ed with hysterical , thick , watery sound . there be metallic creak and strain which reverberate around the wall of the basement as the pipe seem to expand and contract . a couple of inch of dark , dirty water have collect on the floor and Ed 's foot get wet as he step off the last stair . Ed find a place to hide in the shadow behind some box . he stare up , as he hear the door break open upstairs and someone walk into the live room . with he eye , he follow the footstep as they search the apartment . Ed have hide under a large pipe , which be drip drop of dirty water onto he face . in the darkness of the basement , the color of the water be unclear , but as he wipe some onto he finger , he can see it be murky and dark . the basement door open slowly , and from the light upstairs , Ed can see the silhouette of George simian stand with a softball bat . Ed grip onto he knife and watch as George come down the stair , step by step . the water keep drip on the top of Ed 's head , run down the side of he face , but he hold still . Ed watch George come down the stair . George reach the bottom and step into the shallow water . he peer cautiously into the shadow . he start walk toward Ed . Ed withdraw as much as he can into he corner until he be in complete darkness . he watch George approach he and he slowly raise he knife . George raise he softball bat . he take a few more step up to Ed , but then step blindly past he and into a deep , dark shadow . Ed watch he disappear into the shadow and then , make he move . he rush into the shadow with he knife raise and both he and George be engulf in darkness . after a few second , Ed emerge from the shadow . he drop the knife into the water at he foot . as he do , blood run out of the shadow , mixing with the water in the basement floor . Ed walk slowly upstairs . the noise around he in the basement be now at they loudest . int . bathroom Ed take a long look at himself in the mirror . he be wet with blood and dirt . he open the medicine cabinet and find the sleep pill he be use before . he open the bottle and empty it into he hand . there be only about five pill leave . he take the two toothbrush from a toothpaste - crusty glass and fill it with water . he take the pill . unsatisfied , he search through the rest of the medicine cabinet . the selection , though not particularly toxic , be a good representation of standard , over - the-counter pill and tonic . he find the midol and take the last few from the bottle . there be a bottle of cold medicine which he finish off . he drink down a nearly full bottle of pink diarrhea medicine . he find a bottle of multi-vitamin and take a handful of that . as he finish each one , he drop the empty onto the floor of the bathroom . when he stop , he notice blood seeping out of the bathtub drain . it be pure , thick , dark blood . he back away into the hallway . int . hallway Ed back into the wall and then , lose strength in he leg , lower himself to the floor . he keep watch the bathtub . piano music start to seep through the gurgle noise . Ed turn towards Eve 's room . on the other side of the house , outside the break door , Ed can hear derm 's car pull up . Ed watch the live room as derm come in carefully , flanke by mazurek and Snyder . derm come over to Ed and kneel down in front of he . Ed look up at he helplessly . ed it be not I . derm look at Ed 's hand , which be cover in blood . ed it be not I . Ed watch derm look at he . then he notice , behind derm , blood seeping over the rim of the bathtub . Ed turn to Eve 's room , where the piano can still be hear . the camera continue on where Ed can not go : down the hallway to Eve 's room . as it approach , all the other noise fade out and the piano be all that we hear . Ed watch from he position in the hall so that it all seem like he point of view . int . eve' room the camera come into Eve 's room and turn to the piano . eve be sit at the piano , play some music . we watch she for a few second . she turn to the camera as she play , then continue play . then the camera turn toward the cloud paint on the ceiling . a crack appear in the plaster and start widen until there be a empty black space behind it . the sound of the baby cry seep in from the crack . the camera zeroe in on this black until it fill the frame . over the blackness , we can hear the baby cry until it fade out . the end