Chasing Amy written by Kevin Smith int . comic book store - day a pile of comic book be on a shelf next to myriad other . the most prominent one be call '' bluntman and chronic ' . a hand reach in and pull one out of frame . holden open the comic and flip through it he shake he head . banky look over he shoulder . banky felt like this fuck day would never come . issue two - on the shelf . holden yippee . banky do not start , alright ! this be a cool moment , and I would appreciate you not try to ruin it . how often do a guy get the opportunity to purchase something with he name on it ! ( point to name on cover ) banky Edwards - right ! ( point to the other ) Holden mcneil . holden I know my name . banky c'mon , sour puss . we get the rest of we life to be artist . but it 's supply and demand . and right now , the unwash mass demand this . holden ( off comic ) this be easy , alright ! and right now it pay the bill . just do not forget that we be better than this . banky I will tell you who we be better than : this two fag right here . they approach the counter , where steve - dave , the store manager , and walt the fan-boy , play a card game . banky ( lay book on the counter ) alright Old -maid 's - take a break from the crazy - 8's marathon and ring we up . steve-dave ( not look up ) well , well , well , Walt do you see who it be ! the local celebrity . Quick - get they to autograph one of they book so we can sell it for triple it 's value . walt I be not that in need of fifteen cent right now . they snicker and high - five one another . Holden roll he eye . banky you guy operate the smallest , lady ' bridge circle I have ever see . walt for you information , we be play '' crimson mystical mage ' - a overpower card game . not that either of you would give a shit about something as advanced as this - there be no dick or poopie joke involved . banky ( to Holden ) I do not think they be fan . walt no , we be not . you be both a couple of fuck no talent that get lucky . steve-dave and obviously you handler or hanger - on convinced you that you first comic be good which it be not it be thoroughly mediocre with a few spiky bit of dialogue . and when you get you foot in the door of the business , what do you do ! you turn out a piece of shit like '' bluntman and chronic ' . walt tell he , Steve - Dave . steve -dave ( off comic ) '' bluntman and chronic ' . pah . what be that thing the little stoner pull on the villain in the last issue ! walt the stinky - palm . steve -dave stinky -palm . you give comic a bad name I tell all my customer not to buy it , to spend they money on a real comic book . walt Fucking one hit wonder , dime -store Frank Miller 's . steve -dave this be the reality at comic-toast - you be not go to get you ass kiss here , because both I and Walt think you suck . walt and I . steve-dave I say that . Steve - Dave offer the boy he two middle finger , then go back to play he game with walt. Holden and banky stare , shocked . banky nudge Holden and they both exit Steve - Dave and the fan-boy slap hand and go back to play . walt I have get a dragon card - forty power - up and twelve life point ! ha ! I get you elf card ! steve-dave you be such a bitch ! but thankfully , I have save a dark force shaman card for just such a occasion . walt you suck ! eighty six life - power point to my twenty two ! steve-dave I school they ass , now I be schooling you 's . suddenly . a trash can crash through the front window . Steve - Dave and Walt hit the deck like bitch , cover one another . they look up slowly . Steve - Dave leap to he foot and look at the shattered mess . he pull something off the garbage can and read it . walt you know it be that two fuck ! let 's call the cop and have they bust ! I know where they studio be ! or better yet , let 's sue ! you can sue they , Steve - Dave ! steve -dave ( still read note ) that will not be necessary . walt what ?! why the hell not ! steve -dave ( hold up check ) because this be a check for three time what that window cost . ( read note ) '' dear critic - thanks for the insight . but like my grandmother always say - '' fuck them if they can not take a joke .. and break they window . ' kiss it , banky the hack . p.s. - you card game blow . '' walt he say '' kiss it ! credit int . comic book : convention signing booth - day a physically large fan - sweaty brow , tote bag burst with comic - lean forward , smile . fan could you sign it '' to a really big fan ! Holden sit at a table . across from the barely - manage - to-stand fan . he offer he a patronizingly kind , half - smile in return , holden you bet . we be at a comic Book show , specifically at a book - signing . behind Holden hang a large banner , herald holden mcneil and banky edward - creator of '' bluntman and chronic ' . beside it be a large mock - up of the comic book cover which feature two stoner super-hero who bear a strike resemblance to a pair of very familiar friendly neighborhood drug dealer , Holden hand the book back to the fan . fan I love this book man ! this shit 's awesome . I wish I be like this guy - get stone , talk all raw about chick and fight supervillain ! I love this guy ! they be like '' cheech and Chong ' meet '' Bill and feed ' ! holden I like to chink of they as '' rosencrantz and guildenstern ' meet '' Vladimir and estragon ' . fan yeah ! ( beat ) who ! banky sign the book of another collector . collector so you draw this ! banky ( signing the comic ) I ink it and I be also the colorist . the guy next to I draw it . but we both come up with the character , collector what 's that mean - you ink it '! banky well . it mean that Holden draw the picture in pencil , and then he give it to I to go over in ink collector so you just trace ! banky freeze up . he compose himself and continue signing . banky it 's not trace . I add depth and shading to give the image mere definition . only then do the draw really take shape . collector you go over what he draw with a pen - that 's trace . banky ( hand book back to collector ) not really . ( call out ) next ! a little kid step up but the collector linger . collector hey man . if somebody draw something and then you draw the same thing right on top of it , not go out - side the designate original art what do call that ! little kid ( shrug ) I do not know . trace ? collector ( to banky ) see ? banky it 's not trace . collector oh , but it be . banky ( to Little kid ) do you want lour book sign or what ? collector hey - do not get all testy with he just because you have a problem with you station in life . banky I be secure with what I do . collector then say it - you be a tracer . banky ( grab Little kid 's book ) how should I sign this ? little kid ( grab book back ) I do not want you to sign it , I want the guy that draw bluntman and chronic to sign it . you be just a tracer . collector tell he , Little shaver . Holden accept a comic from another fan. holden ( off comic ) who do I sign it to ! before Holden can finish , a loud crash be hear . he look to he leave and freak . banky be throttling the collector from across the table . the collector attempt to fight he off . security guard pull they apart . Holden grab banky . collector Jesus ! all I do be call he a tracer ! banky ( to collector ) i'll trace a chalk line around you dead fucking body , you fuck ?! holden ( to Security Guard ) could you get he out of here ! the Security Guards drag the collector away . collector hey , wait a sec ! he jump I ! and you be drag I away !! ( exite ) Fucking tracer ! banky ( call oc ) you mother be a tracer !! holden can I explain the audience principle to you ! if you insult and accost they , then we have no audience . banky he start it ! Fucking cock -knocker ! he 's lucky I do not put my pen through he thorax ! holden need I remind you ... ( hold up watch ) curtain 's in ten minute . int . comic book convention lecture hall - day hooper fill the frame . he come off like a typical , pro - black / anti-white homeboy . hooper for year in this industry whenever a African - american character - hero or villain - be introduce usually by white artist and writer - they get slap with racist name that single they out as negroe : Black panther , Black lightn , Black goliath , Black mantra , Black talon , Black spider , Black Hand , Black falcon , Black cat .. voice from crowd she 's white . hooper she be ? ( beat ) well bust this - regardless . we be at a panel discussion . the room be full . five creator sit at a long table , they name on placard in front of they . ( one of they be a very strike girl . ) the banner behind they read '' word up - minority voice in comic ' . hooper ( hold up comic ) now my book , '' White -hating coon ' , do not have any of that bullshit . the hero 's name be maleekwa , and he 's a descendant of the black tribe that establish the first society on the planet , while all you european mother fucker be still hide in cave and shit , all terrify of the sun . he 's a strong role model that a young black reader can look up to , '' Cause I be here to tell you - the chicken be comin ' home to roost , ya will : the black man' no longer gonna play the minstrel in the medium of comic and sci- fi/ fantasy ! we be keep it real , and we be gonna get respect - by any mean necessary ! during the speech , Holden and banky enter and sit up front . holden ( call out ) bullshit ! lando calrissian be a black man , and he get to fly the millennium falcon ! hooper whip he head around , look for the source of the comment hooper who say that ?!? holden ( stand ) I do ! lando calrissian be a positive black role model in the realm of Science fiction / fantasy . hooper fuck lando calrissian ! uncle Tom nigger ! always some white boy gotta invoke '' the holy trilogy ' ! bust this - that movie be about how the white man keep the brother man down - even in a galaxy far , far away . check this shit . you get cracker farm - boy luke skywalker , Nazi poster boy - blond hair , blue eye . and then you have get darth vader : the blackest brother in the galaxy . nubian god. banky what 's a nubian ? hooper shut the fuck up ! now vader , he 's a spiritual brother , with the force and all that shit . then this cracker skywalker get he hand on a light - saber , and the boy decide he 's gonna run the fuck universe - get a whole klan of white together , and they be gonna bust up vader 's hood the death Star . now what the fuck do you call that ! banky intergalactic Civil War ! hooper gentrification . they be gonna drive we the black element , to make the galaxy quote , unquote '' safe ' for white folk . holden but vader turn , out to be luke 's father . and in jedi , they become friend . hooper do not make I bust a cap in you ass , yo ! jedi 's the most insulting installment , because vader 's beautiful , black visage be sullied when he pull off he mask to reveal a feeble , crusty white man ! they be try to tell we that deep inside , we all want to be white ! banky well be not that true ! hooper explode , he pull a nine millimeter from he belt , draw on banky and fire . banky go down , fall forward into the crowd the crowd scream and start to scatter , hooper jump over the table and raise he fist in the air . hooper black rage ! black rage !! i'll kill any white folk I lay my mother fuckin ' eye on !!! the crowd - be go . Holden sit in he chair , laugh . hooper step off the stage and pick banky 's head up off the floor . hooper ( break character ) '' what 's a nubian ! ' bitch , you almost make I laugh ! hooper sound different actually , he sound gay . actually - he be . banky smile . banky well what about you ! you do not tell I you be go to scream '' Black rage ' . I nearly piss myself . holden how do you manage to get away with this all the time ? should not cop be busting you head open right about now ? banky wrong coast . hooper ( off gun ) well this right here - she full of blank , okay . and opiate get all sort of legal clearance before I go on . holden you publisher condone this theatrics ! hooper condone ? honey , they insist . I need to sell the image to sell the book would the audience still buy the '' Black rage ' angle if they find out the book be write by a.. a ... banky faggot . hooper when you say if it sound so sexy ... ( he kiss banky full on the lip ) banky ( wipe he lip ) hey , hey ! I will play you victim , but not you catcher . voice how be it that you sound like Minister farakhan when you be on stage .. they turn to see ... a beautiful , blonde , ruffle - haire angel swinging she purse in a circle . her name be alyssa . she 's the strike girl from the panel who do not get to say much . alyssa ... and the King of pop when you be nor . hooper look out , boy - this kitten have a whip . alyssa ( shove and slap he ) always before I get to speak ! I swear - the next con I attend and they ask I to be on the minority panel , if I see you name anywhere near the list , I be pass . hooper ( defend himself ) Holden . banky - this pile of p.m.s. be alyssa Jones . she do that book '' idiosyncratic routine ' . this be the fourth panel we have be on together , and even though she know my publisher set this up and pay for the event . she still get mad when it end with my act . alyssa I just wish I be the one who get to shoot you . hooper that 's what my father say when I come - nay - leapt out of the closet ( off guy ) this boy do '' bluntman and chronic ' , which outsell both of we book put together , hence they be never on a panel with the like of we . they slumming right now . banky I have read you book . it 's cute . chick stuff , but cute . Holden hit he . banky what ? holden ( shoot he a look ; to alyssa ) sorry about he . he 's deal with be a inker . alyssa ( to banky ) oh. you trace ! banky seethes . holden ( shaking she hand ) I really enjoy you book I be surprised we have never meet at any other con 's before . alyssa lose the dick or change you skin tone and we can get to know each other on panel after panel while the pink Black panther here play Chuck D. for the fanboys . hooper hey , jealousy . ( to the boy ) I tell alyssa I would buy she a post - rave drink . do the Garden -stater have to sprint to the lincoln tunnel , or can you stay for a round in the big , scary city ! banky we be gonna take off soon ... holden we will go . banky offer Holden a puzzle glance . then he nod to hooper . banky we will go . int bar - night Holden , banky , alyssa and hooper sir around a table drink , talk , and smoking . banky archie , alright ! archie and the riverdale gang be a pure and fun - lovin ' bunch . you can not find dysfunction in that comic , because they be just flat out wholesome . hooper archie and jughead be lover . ( sip he drink ) banky shut the fuck up . hooper it 's true . archie be the bitch and jughead be the butch - that 's why jughead wear that crown- look hat all the time : he the king , of queen archie 's world . banky man , I feel a hate - crime come on holden he 's get a point . archie never do settle on Betty or Veronica . banky because he want they both at the same time , you asshole ! he never choose one because he be try to get both of they into a three - way ! hooper ( pull out a dollar and hand it to banky ) here . I want you to go down to the corner store and buy yourself a clue . go on . banky eat it . urkel . hooper I tell you to watch it with that urkel shit . face it , girl - archie 's a sister . banky ( get up ; to hooper ) that 's it . you. hooper moi ? banky you be march back across the street with I , and we be go to pick up a shit load of archie book , I be go to prove to you - beyond the shadow of a doubt that archie be all about pussy . come on . hooper ( slide out of booth ) this boy be conflict , I shall play mother - therapist for he . you two sit tight . we shall return promptly . banky and hooper exit , leave alyssa and Holden alone at the table . alyssa be he always like that ! holden for year now . start back in third grade - a nun be teach we about the bless trinity . she 's go on about the three person in one God thing - Father , Son , Holy Spirit - and he just go ballistic . I guess it be too big for he to grasp . they get into this huge fight . alyssa please . how bad could it have be ! holden you ever see a nun call a small child a ufuck cunt- rag ' ? be not pretty , shit like that 's bound to happen when you make a kid wear a match tie and slack everyday . alyssa and you parochial school misadventure ! holden Limited to wine - taste prior to mass . turned I into a grade school alcoholic altar boy . I could not tell you how many morning after serous bender I would wake up next to strange priest . alyssa be not you the sharp wit ! holden sharp ! no. I be just a fan of clergy - molestation humor . probably why the extend family quit invite I to first Communion party . alyssa laugh . Holden smile . alyssa ( look oc ) you play dart ! holden not professionally . you know - only in bar . at the dart board a dart hit the board then , one hit the wall beside the board . alyssa wind up with another dart . Holden watch . her 's always hit . his never do . alyssa so you new book seem to be sell like mad . holden it go back to something my grandmother tell I when I be a kid . " Holden , " she say " the big buck be in dick and fart joke . " she be a church - goer . alyssa uh-oh - the cry from the heart of a real artist trap in commercial hell - pity he good fortune . I be sure you can dry you eye on all that fat check you rake in . holden I be sorry - do I detect a note of bitter envy in there ! alyssa nope . I be happy my stuff get read at all . there 's very little market for heart and flower in this spandex - clad , big pecs , big tit , big gun field . if I sell two issue , I feel like John grisham . holden ( look out window ) it 's all about marketing . over - or underweight guy who do not get laid - they be we bread and butter . people like that two outside should be yours . through the window , we see a couple make out on the hood of a car . holden and sadly , there be more of we core audience out there than yours . ( smile ) look at that , though - kind of give you a little charge , to see two people in love . and all over banky 's car , no less . that car 's see more action right now than it 's see in year . alyssa bubbly guy like that , it 's hard to figure out why . holden ( still look at oc couple ) you have gotta respect that kind of display of affection . it 's crazy , rude , self - absorb - but it 's love . alyssa that 's not love . holden say you . alyssa that out there ! that 's fleeting . holden fleeting . alyssa uh-huh . you wanna hear about love ! oh , I will tell you about love . holden a story ? alyssa the story . the original love story . holden ' Doctor Zhivago ' . alyssa nope . my mother 's uncle . he be a millionaire . holden get out . alyssa I kid you not . holden explain . alyssa all through high school , he date this one girl . they be inseparable . and when they graduate , she go off to Carnegie Mellon ... holden in Pittsburgh . alyssa I be impressed . so he stay in the home town , and they begin they long - distance relationship . the plan be , on the third Sunday of every month , he will train out , spend a week then train back they do this for four year . holden that be love . alyssa not nearly finish . two month before she 's go to graduate , he 's get this job digging grave , and he come across ... holden a stiff . alyssa a steamer trunk contain silver ingot . holden get out of here . alyssa many , many silver ingot . now , my mother 's uncle be quite the ingenious chap - he bury the trunk again and head up to the main office , where he proceed to purchase a cemetery plot . guess which one ? holden clever . alyssa so now he own the plot and all of its content . two day later , my mother 's uncle be worth three million . holden at which time he marries the high school sweetheart and life happily ever after . alyssa not even close . Inside the steamer trunk , stencile into the wood , or something like that , be a curse . holden someone write ' fuck ' inside he new steamer trunk . alyssa not that kind of curse . a cryptic curse " great fortune mean great loss " it say . holden what kind of asshole write that inside a steamer trunk ! alyssa the same kind of asshole that bury silver ingot . the day my mother 's uncle be head out to see the girl , he stop at he accountant 's to grab some cash , and wind up miss he train . so he have to take the next one - which he do - and he get there a hour later than he usual time of arrival , whereupon he see light . holden a hero 's welcome for the new millionaire . alyssa it seem that while she be stand on the platform wait that extra hour for my mother 's uncle to show up , the girl be drag into the bush by a unknown assailant , rape and gut . Holden be silent alyssa downs she drink . alyssa the assailant be never apprehend . holden ( beat ) that 's a love story !! alyssa yes , and here 's why : my mother 's uncle ride that train every day for the rest of he life . one day up , the next day back . do that ' till the day he die . he donate the fortune he would acquire to the train station in Pittsburgh , to have a well - light terminal build . the train line let he ride for free after that . holden I should hope so . Jesus , that 's the saddest tale I have ever hear . alyssa that 's my love story . alyssa toss she last dart . Holden seem a bit daze . he look out the window . holden that two be not on the hood of banky 's car anymore . alyssa I tell you it be not love . ( grab she purse ) I gotta split . it be really nice meeting you . I wish you the best of luck with you book . ( shake he hand ) tell hooper I will call he later . and tell you friend to calm down . alyssa exit to the night . Holden stare after she . two beat later , hooper and banky enter , hold a ' everything 's archie ' comic between they . banky you be insane . archie be not fuck mister weatherbee ! hooper deny , deny , deny . ( to Holden ) where 's alyssa ? holden huh ! oh . she leave . she say she would call you later . banky ( off comic ) he 's just offer to help archie with he homework ! hooper read between the line . banky ( shove book at he ) fuck this . ( to Holden ) let 's go . traffic . ( no response from Holden ) Holden ! holden ( shake ) what ! banky let 's go . hooper ( look out window ) d'jou see that dent in the hood of you car ! banky ( look out window ) what the ...! Son of a bitch ! banky run out Holden shrug at hooper . hooper let I guess : you like she ! holden who ? hooper miss alyssa Jones . holden she 's alright . hooper as long as that 's all . ( finish drink ) maybe you can convince that partner of you 's to drop I off downtown before you scurry out the tunnel ! holden ( beat ) mister weatherbee be not really try to fuck archie , be he ! they begin exite . hooper Hell no . weatherbee be Reggie 's bitch . int . studio - day we be in Holden and banky 's studio / apartment . it 's a rent loft - style place with high ceiling , wood floor and sparse furnishings . there be poster on the wall , a sort of kitchenette , a hockey net , a big tv. ( with all the trimming - vcr , laserdisc player , sega , sne ) , a huge comfy couch , and two draw board with adjacent desk ( litter with pencil , pen , coloring pencil , paint , eraser , etc . ) - at which sit Holden and banky . they be work . some music play . c.u. of holden pencile - over he shoulder , we see Holden sketching chronic in mid-attack of he arch - nemesis - the giggler . Holden erase a line and be - draw . c.u. of banky inking - over he shoulder , we see banky outline a pre-pencile page . he trace bluntman swinging from a street light . the two work in silence . then ... banky ( not look up ) this be one of the best street light you have ever draw . holden it 's the one across from the post office . banky look just like it . holden thanks . ( beat ) what do you wanna do tonight ! banky get a pizza . watch ' degrassi junior High ' . holden ( erase ) you get a weird thing for canadian melodrama . banky I have get a weird thing for girl who say ' aboot ' . the phone start ringing . Holden answer it , while still draw . holden bank-hold-up. crosscut between Holden and hooper . he 's on a phone in a club . hooper hooper here . listen , I know how you burb-fiend hate the city , but there 's a club shindig go down that I think you would get into . holden where be it ? hooper place call her-sterectomy - I be tempting as bar-keep . holden I do not know , Hoop . we be prepping the next issue , and we have get we big m- tv meeting in the morning . hooper I tell she you would not be interested . holden told who ? hooper alyssa . holden alyssa from last night alyssa ? hooper how do you begin and end a question with the same word like that ? you get skill . yes , that one . she ask I to invite you . now here 's the part where you say ... holden I will be there . hooper think so . ten o'clock . later. ( both hang up ) banky who be that ? holden hooper . he invite I to a club . banky when 's that faggot go to learn - you like chick . holden ( get up ) not that kind of a club . banky so when we leave ? holden ' we ' ? you can not go . he 's set I up with alyssa . banky and ? holden and I do not want you mess it up . banky like I care about you shit . maybe I will hook up myself . holden ( pull on coat ) I just tell you - it 's not that kind of club . banky how do one man get to be so funny ! holden ( throw he he coat ) how be you go to get home if I hook up ! banky like that will happen . holden let I explain something to you , my witless chum the other night in that bar , we two - alyssa and I share a moment , alright ! banky oh , you have a moment ! holden ( bring he two pointer finger together ) we share a moment . and in that moment , one thing be make abundantly clear : this girl love I , my friend . loves-me . 6 . int . her -sterectomy - night 6 . it 's a club - people be mingling , a band be play , it 's loud . but something 's fishy . hooper 's tend bar . he hand a guy a drink . the guy sip it . guy this be so water down . it 's terrible . why be it you can never get a decent drink in this place ! hooper look around in a very exaggerated fashion . guy what be you do ! hooper try to find you a tissue . the guy shoot hooper a angry glare , banky enter . banky alright - bring on the free hootch . hooper as long as you do not bitch about how little alcohol be in the drink . ( hand banky a drink ; to guy ) you owe I five sixty . guy ( off banky ) and I suppose you be go to make you friend here pay for he drink right ! banky hey , I befriend a guy in a position of authority so I could abuse that authority and get free shit . you want to do the same ? there 's a lonely hindu work at the ' 7 - will ' across the street . get in tight with he . the guy angrily pull out he money and slam it on the bar . guy I work at that ' 7 - 11 '! ( storm away ) banky ( call after he ) wanna be friend ! hooper where 's you better half ! banky take a piss . guy 's get a bladder like a infant . hooper that 's funny - he say you be hang like a infant . banky must he mother tell he everything ! Holden enter . banky what would you do - fall in love ? holden where be she ? hooper over there ... on the dance floor - in the middle of a thrall of people - dance alyssa . she move like a cat and she 's look very sexy . oc hooper be dancin ' for a hour . have not stop yet . hooper , Holden , and banky stare oc . banky she be not no denny terrio , I will say that . Holden smack banky and move to exit . hooper wait. wait , wait - there 's something you should know . holden she 's get a boyfriend . hooper well .. no . holden then what 's to know ? Holden exit ; they watch he go . banky look around . banky there be a lot of chick in this place . hooper ' chick ' . you be such a man . banky ( beat ) he do not really say that about my dick , do he ! on the dance floor - Holden slip into the crowd and dance up to alyssa . he intentionally bump into she . holden ( fake rage , dance ) hey , hey , hey - you fuck up my cabbage - patch ! alyssa well , well , well - bluntman himself . or should I call you chronic ! holden call I flatter . I hear you send I the invite to this little soiree ' . alyssa from a former home - town girl , to mister Home - town himself . holden you be say you be from the ' burb ! alyssa middletown , n.j. holden get out of here ! I be from highlands ! alyssa I know . hooper tell I . holden how be it that we never run into one another ? alyssa you graduate from Hudson ? holden yeah . eighty eight . alyssa I go to North . also eighty eight . holden what a small fuck world . so you know the tri-town area ! alyssa quiz I . holden Miller Hill ? alyssa I write my name on the wall . holden Sandy hook ? alyssa lose my virginity there . holden this be so cool . the mall ! alyssa eden prairie of menlo Park ! holden wait - here 's the big test : Quick stop ! alyssa my best friend fuck a dead guy in the back room . holden you know that girl !! alyssa I do . before she be commit . holden you know what this be ! this be fate . alyssa ( regard she move ) no , this be the ' rog ' . holden I be talk about we meeting - what be the chance ! alyssa pretty slim . I have not be back to the ' burb since my friend 's funeral . holden the Quick stop girl die ! alyssa another friend - Julie dwyer . she die in the .. holden y.m.c. a pool ! damn ! you know she too ! alyssa so well . holden one friend in a asylum , the other friend in the grave . you be a dangerous person to know . alyssa but I can tap . ( do a impromptu tap dance ) that be the buffalo two -step . holden very solid . alyssa that 's what six year of tap lesson yield . holden two town away from each other for year and we have to meet in New York . the Sand stop play . people clap . alyssa coulda be worse - we could have not meet at all . Holden look at she . oc singer thank you . thanks . the singer on stage speak into the microphone . singer a long time ago , we use to have this bass player who take off one day to draw funny book or something . maybe you have see she stuff - it 's call ' idiosyncratic routine ' ' the crowd applaud . alyssa shake she head , smile . Holden poke she . singer but what a lot of people do not know be that she use to harbor this delusion that she could sing . and she use to subject we to this throaty rendition of Debbie Gibson tune and shit , insist that we let she front on a few number . well , we do not and she quit .. and then she get famous , the bitch . ( crowd laugh ) but she 's here tonight , and I think if we all begge , or maybe offer she some X , she would get up here and treat we to some of she vocal styling . ( crowd applaud ) what do you say , alyssa ? alyssa shake she head no . the crowd urge she . Holden push she forward . singer she 's shy . ( yell ) get up here and sing , bitch !! the crowd thunder . alyssa offer the Singer a embarrassed half -smile . she look at Holden , who clap along with the other and nod toward the stage . alyssa shake she head and relent , head through the crowd banky and hooper stand at the bar . banky this be so queer . ( he exit ) hooper ( beat ) you do not know the half of it . alyssa jump on stage , hugging the Singer . she take the mic , shaking she head . the crowd be applaud . alyssa she be such a twat . the crowd cheer . alyssa laugh . she turn to the band and say something which they nod . she turn back to the crowd . alyssa alright . I should dedicate this , right ? ( think ) this be for that special someone we there . Holden smile . banky join he . Holden glance at he . banky offer a mock mimic of he smile . the band start play . Cross cut begin . alyssa launch into a torchy tune . the song be extremely sexy - as be alyssa who work the mic , make direct eye contact with ... Holden . or do she ! Holden be smile , be seduce , banky roll he eye . beside Holden , stand a pretty girl with a short haircut , who 's also rivete by alyssa 's performance . alyssa make big-time eye contact with somebody out there . the song seem to be aim at whoever she 's look at . it 's more than obvious there 's a seduction go on , bur of whom ! at the end of the song , the crowd go wild but alyssa 's preoccupy . she point to someone in the crowd , and curl she finger back in a ' c'mere ' fashion , urging whoever it be to join she . she jump off the stage . Holden shake he head sheepishly and look downward , aw - shuck style . at that moment , the girl beside he leap forward . banky 's eye widen . Holden look up and be suddenly take aback . alyssa and the girl race into each other 's arm and fall into a way - to-passionate - to- mean - anything - else kiss . Holden 's eye bug . banky allow a smile to creep across he face . the crowd applaud . banky look around , and for the first time , we get the distinct impression that this be a lesbian bar ... there be a lot of chick in this place . Gay chick . banky look at Holden and slap he on the back . banky now that , my friend , be a.. ( bring he finger together , mimice Holden ) ... share moment Holden continue to stare - mouth agape . alyssa and the girl continue to kiss . int . her -sterectomy - later banky , Holden , alyssa and the girl from the dance floor sit around a table . alyssa and the girl continue to make out . Holden and banky casually watch , wide - eye . banky stare a little harder . Holden hit he . banky what ?! holden ( under he breath ) that 's rude . banky man , when be we ever go to get a chance to see this kind of shit live without pay for it ? alyssa and the girl break they kiss . alyssa uh-oh - better knock it off : we be get a man excited . holden sorry . it 's just ... new to he . banky oh , and you be a old hand at this . alyssa no , I should apologize . I do not usually get all mushy in public . but it 's be awhile since I have see Kim here . kim ( formerly the girl ) tell I you do not set that gross display up with the band just so you could nail I . alyssa like I would have to go through that much effort kim you know what ! I want to dance . alyssa go ahead . I will watch from here . kim ( tug at she arm ) no . I want to dance with you . alyssa do not be such a rag . I have to sit here and work up the desire to fuck you later . kim please . Kim exit . banky be smile ear- to - ear . alyssa look at he . alyssa yes ? banky you say ' fuck ' . to that girl . you say you would ' fuck ' she . alyssa and ? banky how can a girl ' fuck ' another girl ! be you talk about strap - on or something ? holden ( hit he ) would you shut up !! banky what !!? it 's a valid question . you know the dyke stuff in the penthouse letter section be write by guy - this be we chance to get the inside scoop . holden ( to alyssa ) I do not know how many time I can apologize for he . alyssa it 's okay . secretly , all I really want be to be the center of attention . ( to banky ) I have never use a snap -on . banky then what 's with say ' fuck ? should not you say ' eat she out ' or at least modify the term ' fuck ' with something like ' fist ' ? alyssa let I ask you a question - can man ' fuck ' each other ! banky ask hooper . alyssa in you estimation . banky sure . alyssa so for you , to ' fuck ' mean to penetrate . you be use to the more traditional definition - you inside some girl you have dupe , jack - hammer away , not notice that bored look in she eye . banky hey - I always notice the bored look in they eye . alyssa ( laugh ) ' Fucking ' be nor limited to penetration , banky . for I it describe any sex when it 's not totally about love . I do not love Kim , but I will fuck she . I be sure you do not love every girl you sleep with . banky some of they I downright loathe . alyssa but I will bet it 's different with the one you love . I will bet you go the full nine when it 's not just a quick fix - like you go down on they longer or something . holden here we go . banky I do not do that . alyssa what ?!?! banky I stop drop . it get to be too frustrating . holden as stupid as you usually come off during this diatribe of you 's , you be go to come off ten time as stupid on this occasion . banky what ?! I lose my tolerance for the bullshit baggage that come with eat girl out . what 's the big deal ?! alyssa if you say the smell , so help I , I will slug you . banky not the smell - the smell be good . I be talk about not be able to do it property . and my mother bring I up to believe that if I can not do something right I should not do it at all . of course , my father tell I she give lousy head , but that 's beside the point . alyssa at least you blame yourself for you sexual inadequacy . banky no , I blame they . chick never help you out . they never tell you what to do . and most of they be self - conscious about that smell factor , and so most of the time they just lay there , freeze like a deer in the headlight , right ? not for nothing , but when a chick go down on I . I let she know where to go , and what the status be . you gotta handle it like CNN and the weather Channel - constant update . holden you be such a idiot . alyssa no , he 's get a point . that 's how I be in high school - I be nervous , and inhibit about be eat out . but by the time I get to college , that all change . I loosen up . not only do I learn to communicate - I learn to be bossy . I be like one of that guy at the airport with that big flash light - wave they this way , direct they that way , tell they when to stop . banky and that 's all I be say , it would be different if chick help out - point a guy in the right direction . then there would be no bullshit , no waste time , and no chance for permanent injury . alyssa permanent injury ? banky sure . you wanna see something permanent ! ( pull we front tooth ) I get this from Nina rollins , sophomore year . I be go down on she , and out of nowhere , she cat jump on she stomach . she do this big ol ' pelvic thrust - crack my tooth in half , send it down my throat . I have to get a crown for the stub . alyssa ( to Holden ) I get that beat . ( to banky ) I get that beat . ( half - turn and lift chin ) sophomore year . I be go down on Cynthia slater in she dorm room after we go club-hopping . I be totally drunk , and in the middle of it , I fall asleep - right there in she lap . she get so mad , she dig she heel into my back , right there . ( point to scar ) that 's permanent . banky you see this ! ( move neck slightly right ) that 's the farthest I can move my neck to the right sophomore year , I be go out with Maria bennert , and for six month , I be go down on she , and not a damn thing 's happen . then one night , I change a position , or vary my lap - speed , and suddenly it 's a whole new world . she 's move around , convulse , breathe heavy . and she leg be press against my ear so tightly that I do not hear she father come into the room . he grab my hair ... ( grab he own hair and pull back ) ... and he pull I way back , hard . alyssa ( throw up she leg , and roll up pants ) senior year . spring formal . I be eat we missy kurt in she brother 's car . she 's lay across the back seat , and I be half - hang out of the car , my knee on the ground . she 's flail around , and she knock the parking brake off . the car start roll down the hill , and my right knee be cut up all to shit like a kiddy 's scissor class cut it up for paper doll . banky and alyssa laugh . Holden look at a small scar on he arm and think better about mention it . then Kim re-enter and plant a big kiss on alyssa 's neck . holden ( off banky 's watch ) Holy shit , be that the time . we have gotta beat traffic . banky what traffic - it 's one thirty in the morning ! holden ( get up ) and rush hour start in six hour . let 's go. ( to alyssa ) thanks for invite we out . it be ... educational . alyssa wave at he as he exit . banky slide out of the booth . banky ( to Kim ) since you like chick , right .. do you just look at yourself in the mirror all the time ? Holden reach in and pull banky out . alyssa watch they go , then turn and kiss Kim . int . m- tv exec' office waiting room - day Holden look preoccupy . banky flip through magazine , bite off mini piece of the gum he 's chew . he stick they between page , press the mag close , pick up another one and then repeat the whole process . a receptionist type . banky ( off Holden 's look ) you be still dwelling on the dyke , be not you ? holden lower you voice . banky what would I tell you - she just need the right guy . all every woman really want - be it mother , senator , nun - be some serious deep -dick . the receptionist stop type and look at banky , shocked . banky ( off she look ) do not give I that look - I hear Adam curry say worse . the Secretary go back to type . banky shrug at Holden . banky that 's why I can not buy lesbian . everyone need dick . see , I can buy fag . bunch of guy that need dick - just plain need it ? that I get . dyke ? bullshit posture . but - live and let live , I guess . holden I be sure the gay community appreciate you support . JOHN sloss , the boy 's lawyer , join they . sloss please tell I you have not blow this deal already . banky sloss like a mother fucker . ( slap he hand ) sloss hey , every mother but you 's - a shyster 's gotta have he standard . shall we ? int . m- tv exec' office - day the execs be a casual couple of guy , sit on couch across from we trio . exec 1 we just want to start off by say that it 's a pleasure to finally meet you . while it 's be - shall we say - a experience deal with sloss here , one of the main reason we start this whole thing be to meet the guy that do ' bluntman and chronic ' . exec 2 ( point at they ) ' snootchie bootchy ' . the execs and sloss laugh . Holden and banky politely join in . banky shoot Holden a ' this guy be idiot ' look . exec 1 which bring we to we proposal : we be extremely interested in do twelve , half - hour ' bluntman and chronic ' cartoon . the age of beavis be come to a close , and we be look for something ... something ... banky even more retarded and juvenile to sate the voracious , intellectually - challenge miscreant that make up you key demographic . the execs laugh hard . sloss secretly shrug to banky and give the thumb up . exec 1 ( compose himself ) so what do you say ! be we in business ! banky lean back into the couch , wear a thoughtful face . he look to Holden , then to sloss . sloss nod in understanding . sloss Jim , Sean - could we have a few minute ! exec 2 ( look to exec 1 ) uh ... absolutely . we will just .. exec 1 uh ... wait outside the exec 's smile and head we , close the door behind then . sloss turn to banky . sloss so ? do I do good ? banky you do better - you sell we out ! they clasp hand and quietly explode in ebullience . sloss do you know how much you will make on merchandise alone ! banky ( as Simon bar sinister ) money and power , and money and power ... sloss ( join in ) money dnd power , and money and ... holden ( interrupt ) I do not think it 's a good idea . banky and sloss freeze . they stare at Holden . banky what 's not a good idea ! please do not say the cartoon , please do not say the cartoon ... holden the cartoon . sloss what ?!? be you out of you fuck mind ! banky ( get up ) John , let I handle this . ( to Holden ) you be out of you fuck mind , be not you ! holden be this how you want to be remember ! as the guy who create bluntman and chronic ! banky sit at the exec 's desk and start rifling through the guy 's stuff . banky no , I would like to be remember as the filthy rich guy who create bluntman and chronic . holden but it will be all glossy and main - stream . we will lose any artistic credibility we ever have . sloss ( to banky ) be it I ! I do not see the problem . banky ( to sloss ) he just have to get over this crush of he . sloss oh God - not on carrie Fisher again ! ( to Holden ) Holden - she 's not really a princess . banky ( open drawer with a letter opener ) not on she ; on alyssa Jones - the chick that do that comic book ' idiosyncratic routine ' . you ever see it ? sloss please . like I even read you comic , let alone anyone else 's , ( to Holden ) I be not limited to offer you legal counsel only , my friend . I be also learn in the way of the heart , and can offer you this advice - nail she , get it out of you system , and move on . like we say at sloss Law - good fence make good neighbor . banky she would never let he in she yard . the chick 's gay . sloss ( laugh ) she 's gay ? you fall for a gay , comic - book write chick ? Holden , you poor , poor man ! ( beat ) wait a sec - do she have representation ! banky always work , you . ( hold up a Polaroid of a naked woman ) look at this - Mrs. m- tv exec have a string of pearl hang we of she ass , sloss would you leave he stuff alone ! ( to Holden ) you can break she resolve , killer . all it take be one good man . but if it take two good man , do not hesitate to call I . that be say , in regards to the more press issue , I suggest you leave art to the museum and grab on with both hand to the big , fat check . holden I will give it some think banky ( hold up Polaroid ) I be take this as a precaution - just in case they give we any shit about pussy 's decision delay . ( glaring at Holden ) you will ' give it some think ' . you be so retarded holden I be retarded ! this from the guy who only forty five minute ago pay fifty buck for what 's suppose to be a boot - leg of ' March of the wooden Soldiers ' with a delete scene of Stan Laurel wear a french tickler . sloss how would you fall for that ! banky the guy who sell it to I have a honest face . int . studio - day there be a door . there 's a knock at the door . Holden open it and alyssa be stand there . alyssa somebody tell I that they make comic book here , and I have get a idea for this story about a guy who come to a club and high - tail it when he find out this girl be pay . any interest in a story like that ! Holden smile . ext . riverfront park - day alyssa and Holden walk through the park , eat hot dog . alyssa m- tv ? holden twelve episode . alyssa that 's great , be not it ? holden banky seem to think so . alyssa but you do not . they come to a swing set and sit down on the swing . holden I do not know if that 's the perception I want people to have of we stuff . I know this sound pretentious as hell , but I like to think of we as artist . and I would like to get back to do something more personal - like we first book . alyssa well when be you go to do that ? holden ( beat ) as soon as we have something personal to say . alyssa do you know how pretty you be ? holden what ? alyssa you be a pretty man . holden uh ... thanks . alyssa oh. I get it . I be into girl , so I have to find all man repulsive or something . holden I do not say anything . alyssa be not there some man that you find attractive ? grant , not enough to sleep with , but still - just handsome or something ! holden sure. Harrison Ford . and we mail - man . alyssa well it 's the same thing . I look at you and just find you really handsome . and you know , it have very little to do with you look , per-se . you look be fine , do not get I wrong . but it 's more you outlook . the thing you say , the way you see thing . it 's ... I do not know ... attractive , Holden look away , embarrassed , alyssa I weird you we the other night holden huh ! no , not really . alyssa come on . holden ( beat ) it 's just that we have .. , I mean , I have never see that kind of thing up close and personal . it just take awhile to process , longer than usual . alyssa do you want to talk about it ! holden um . if you want to . alyssa I like you . I have not like a man in a long time . and I be not a man-hater or something . it 's just be some time since I have be expose to a man that do not immediately live - into a stereotype of some sort . and I want you to feel comfortable with I , because I want we to be friend . so if there be thing you would like to know , it 's okay to ask I . holden ( beat ) why girl ? alyssa ( beat ) why man ? holden because that 's the standard alyssa if that 's the only reason you be attract to woman - because it 's the standard .. holden it 's more than that . alyssa so you have never be curious about man ? holden curious about man ? well ... I always wonder why my father watch ' hee - haw ' . alyssa you know what I mean . holden no . alyssa why not ! holden no interest . alyssa because ...? holden Girls feel right . alyssa and that 's how I feel . I have never really be attract to man . I be more comfortable with the idea of girl . holden wait , wait , wait - you be still a virgin ? alyssa no . holden but you have only be with girl . alyssa you be say a person 's a virgin until they have have intercourse with a member of the opposite sex ? holden be not that the standard definition ? alyssa again with the standard . I think virginity be lose when you make love for the first time . holden with a member of the opposite sex . alyssa why ? why only then ? holden because that 's the standard . alyssa so if a virgin be rape , then she 's still a virgin ? holden of course not . alyssa but rape be not the standard . so she 's have sex , but not the standard idea of sex . hence , accord to you definition , she would still be a virgin . holden okay , I will revise . virginity be lose when the hymen be break . alyssa then I lose my virginity at ten , because I fall on a fence post when I be ten , and it break my hymen . now I have to tell people that I lose it to a wooden post I would know my whole young life ? holden second revision - virginity be lose through penetration . alyssa physical penetration or emotional ? holden emotional ? alyssa well , I fall in love hard with caitlin bree when we be in high school . holden physical penetration . alyssa we have sex . holden yeah , but not real sex . alyssa I move to have that remark stricken from the record . on account of it make you come off as completely naive and infantile . holden well where 's the penetration in lesbian sex . alyssa hold up she hand . holden a finger ? come on . I have have my finger in my ass but I would not say I have have anal sex . alyssa do I hold up a finger ? ( wave she hand ) holden ( beat ; then he get it ) you be kid ?!?! ( she nod ) how ...?!? alyssa we body be build to pass a child , for Christ 's sake . holden but do not it hurt ?! alyssa sure . but in a good way . and it 's only a once - in- awhile thing - reserve for really special occasion . holden what about not -so-special occasion ? alyssa tongue only . holden but how can that be enough ? I mean , let 's be real - how big can a tongue even get ? alyssa swallow what she 's chew and release she tongue , which be just huge . Holden be transfix . alyssa wrap it back up and smile , stand . alyssa let 's go . she exit . Holden remain in the swing . alyssa come back in . alyssa come on . holden just ...uh ... just give I a moment . int airport - day Holden enter . banky try to balance way-too- much luggage . holden look at you . it 's a two day trip . banky I get the sega in one bag , my clothes in the other , and two month worth of unread comic in this one . holden we be go to a convention , for the love of God . we will be busy from ten ' till eight each day . when be you possibly go to have time for any of that shit ? in fact , fuck it - you be leave some of this shit here in a locker . come on - give I the two that be not clothes . banky hold on . ( start rifling through one bag ) holden what be you do ? banky I just have to get something . ( pull out a huge stack of porno book ) holden who be you , Larry fuck flynt ? what be you go to do with all of that ? banky read the article . what do you think I be go to do with they ? they be stroke book . holden you have get like thirty book there ! we be only there for two day ! banky ( leaf through mag ) variety 's the spice of life . I like a wide selection . sometimes I be in the mood for nasty close -up , sometimes I like they arty and air-brush . some time it 's a spread brown - eye kind of night , sometimes it 's girl - on - girl time . sometimes a steamy letter will do it , sometimes - not often , but sometimes - I like the idea of a chick with a horse . a beep sound be hear . Holden check he beeper . holden go check we in . I have gotta call alyssa . banky his master 's voice . holden put that stuff away . Holden exit . banky start pack he mag up . a little kid enter , stare at he . kid what be that ? banky ( look at kid then book ) do you like horsy ? Holden finish dial the phone . Cross cut between he and alyssa at home . alyssa I hope for the sake of the woman you have date that you be only this quick in return call . holden what 's up ? I be about to get on a plane . alyssa ohhh . why ! holden last minute invite to the Dragon co and . alyssa shit . holden what ? alyssa my sister 's at my parent ' . I be gonna go see she . holden the one that write the book ? alyssa yeah . but I be stay all weekend , and I want to hang we with you . this suck . holden you do not get invite to the con' ? alyssa I do not do southern con 's - all the chick have that annoying drawl . you know how hard it be nor to laugh when someone moan " fuhhk I " ? holden well this suck . ( think ) you know - both of we do not have to go . alyssa really ? holden yeah . banky can go by himself . it 's not like we be on a panel . it be just a signing appearance . alyssa if you come pick I up , I will be you best friend . holden ( beat ) where 's you apartment ? alyssa I be not there . I be at a friend 's - in the Village . corner of Houston and mercer . number eighty six , apartment 6 - D . holden I will be there in half a hour . alyssa you be so easy . they hang up . Holden react to something oc and exit quickly . c11 . banky point to picture in the book . the kid look on . banky ... and then Black beauty could not take it any longer , and he finally do some of he own mount . kid ( off book ) wow . Holden grab banky 's arm and drag he away . holden what be you do ? banky ( wave to kid ) I think I want kid of my own one day . they be fun . holden listen to I - I be not go . you be go to have to do this one by yourself . banky what ? why ? holden alyssa 's come down for the weekend , so I want to hang out with she . you do not need I for this . ( take he excess baggage ) meantime , I will take this stuff home . you can keep the filth . I will pick you up at nine Sunday night , alright ? do not forget to plug the annual and do not mention the t.v. show , okay ? call I if you get bored . and he 's go . banky stand there , open-mouthed . a check - in flight attendant come up to he . his name - tag read ' Frank ' . flight attendant check in , sir ! banky ( still watch Holden go ) hunhh ! ( look at f.a. ) yeah . but this be carry - on . f.a. Federal aviation security law require I to ask if you have be give any strange gift or parcel to carry - on since arrive at the airport today . banky ( think ) not this trip . but one time , when I be use curb side check - in , this sky - cap give I a cock ring and a set of anal ben- wa ball . I always think that be pretty strange . he say he name be Frank . ( look closely at he ) hey ! you be name 's Frank ! banky storm away . the Flight attendant watch he go . f.a. Fucking kid . ext apartment 6 -d - day Holden knock at the door . it open . a woman be stand in the doorway in she bra she look Holden up and down and smirk . woman let I guess - ' the right man ' ? holden Excuse I ? woman you have get it in you head that alyssa 's not really into chick - that she just have not meet the right man . and you believe you be it . you be go to treat she right , fuck she like a stud , and ' straight - jacket ' she back from the land of the lose . and the sad truth be that you will accomplish none of that and wind up as either a even more bitter misogynist or a reverse fag-hag . Holden 's at a loss . alyssa slip past the woman , carry a overnight bag . alyssa do not mind she . that 's just she way a say hello . woman actually , it 's just my way of say " give it up . " alyssa ( to woman ) you be such a asshole . woman when you file the date- rape charge , do not say I do not warn you . holden ( hold out hand ) I be Holden , by the way . woman I be the voice of reason that miss bitch be have such a hard time listen to . holden look , we be just friend . woman that 's what every guy say before he try purring you hand on he dick . holden and how do you know man so well ? woman because I lapdance for a live , dick - head . she slam the door . Holden look to alyssa . alyssa ohhh - you look so cute ! she head down the stair . holden who be that ? alyssa just a occasional friend . holden why would you want to hang we with someone bitter as that ? alyssa ( stop ) remember this ! ( stick out huge tongue ) her 's be even bigger than that . she smile and continue on . Holden look back up at the door . he stick he own tongue we and size it with he finger . ext turnpike - day the car sit in traffic . int car - day Holden sigh . alyssa play with the radio . alyssa you be raise Catholic , right ? holden yeah . you ? alyssa Baptist . holden really ? do you have a strict upbringing ? alyssa please there be no time to be bad - we be too busy say ' Jesus ' . holden you think you upbringing have something to do with you lifestyle choice ? alyssa somewhere along the line . it 's a gradual transition to make - from do what the majority do to take a leap of faith and do what feel more natural . everything help - from the way you be handle as a kid , to the way the boy act in third grade , to the shoe you wear at you freshman prom . holden shoe ? alyssa well they be really tight . hanging out montage begins with the requisite music , over which we hear a conversation between Holden and alyssa . 1 ) Holden and alyssa sit in the diner eat . Holden 's talk . the waitress walk past and drop she pad . she bend over , to pick it up , hike she mini-skirt up in the process . alyssa stare at she ass . Holden stop talk and stare at she . alyssa look over at he and offer a catch smile . 2 ) Holden push a shopping cart at the food store , throw various thing into the basket . alyssa come up with a box of tampons and throw they in . Holden glance at they , a bit flushed . alyssa catch he , pick up the box , and pull one out . she proceed to demonstrate they usage , throw one leg on the can and miming insertion . Holden put up he hand in the " I know , I know , " fashion . 3 ) in the Studio , Holden display some of he artwork to alyssa , during which she pull out a cigarette and go to light it . it 's a child - proof lighter , so she 's have trouble . Holden grow a little frustrated . finally , he grab the lighter and pull the child proof tab out with he tooth . alyssa stare at he a bit take aback . Holden spit the tab out , and light alyssa 's smoke . he then continue with he display . 4 ) Holden and alyssa at the comic book store . Steve - Dave and the fan- Boy eye they suspiciously . alyssa pay for a comic . Steve - Dave glower at Holden . he give alyssa she change and they exit . Steve - Dave go back to he card game with the fan - Boy . suddenly , a garbage can come crash through they window . Steve - Dave rip a check off the garbage can and punch the counter . the fan- Boy rub he back soothingly , 5 ) Holden and alyssa walk through a parking lot , talk . she take he hand and pull he arm around she shoulder . Holden smile to himself . holden v.o. let I ask you something - we get along , right ? alyssa v.o. famously . holden v.o . we have a definite chemistry ? alyssa v.o . so it would seem . holden v.o . but we be both into girl . alyssa v.o. I be into woman . holden v.o . but you be not always gay . alyssa v.o . when I be nine I have a crush on Scott baio . holden v.o. so if we would meet a long time ago , say in high school ... alyssa v.o. ... I would still be muff-dive , yes . holden v.o. think so . int studio - day Holden and banky play ea Sports hockey on sega . there 's a knock at the door . holden come in . alyssa enter and stand besides they , smile at they game . alyssa I read somewhere that guy who play hockey be merely make up for penile deficiency by carry big stick . banky I think you live in the city ? this be like the umpteenth time I have see you here . be not that grounds enough for the little pink mafia to throw you out of they club ? holden ( hit banky ; to alyssa ) I will be ready in a second . I just have to school this mouthy second-stringer . banky bitch , you be schooling no one . they play . cut back and forth between the game and banky , Holden , and alyssa . holden ( off game ) what ? do something ! banky ( off game ) you fuck cock -teaser . I will knock you fuck tooth out and pass all over you ass . holden look at how slow you be . Christ , you move like a geriatric . banky ( scream at screen ) fuck ! you Fucking cock -sucker , man ! this faggot will not do what I tell they to ! holden oh . it 's the controller , right ? it 's always the controller . banky no , it 's this ... fuck queer on blade that can not accept a fuck pass to save they life ! what period be this ? holden final sixty of the third . banky fuck ! look at you fuck guy , they ... fuck !!! ( whip controller ) fucking cock sucker , man ! I swear to GOD ! banky storm away . alyssa look at Holden , holden imagine if I would only beat he by one instead of thirty . int skee - ball arcade - day Holden feed a couple dollar into the change machine . alyssa look on . alyssa explain this again . holden how could you have grow up down the shore and never play skee - ball ? what do you do with you youth ? they head toward the skee- ball run . alyssa stay out late , smoke pot , screw around . holden not you grade school year ; you high school year . alyssa ( off skee - ball run ) this look complicated . holden ( insert coin and pull lever ) the premise be very basic - you roll the ball up the ramp at vary speed , in a effort to pop it into the score circle . the higher the score , the more prize ticket you get . alyssa what do you do with the prize ticket ? holden Trade they in for prize that be not worth nearly as much as you pay to play the game . alyssa then what 's the point ? holden it 's fun . alyssa and you question my lifestyle . holden observe . Holden roll the ball . it pop into a twenty point circle . holden see ? it 's just that simple . alyssa why not just walk up there and put it in the fifty every time ? holden where 's the skill in that ? alyssa oh , this be a skill ? I be sorry , I have no idea . holden just toss one . alyssa pick up a ball , squint to aim , and whip it overhand . it pop off one of the circle and shoot back at they , miss they as they duck . a oc knock and a " ow ! " be hear . Holden react as alyssa laugh . holden ( to oc guy ) I be sorry , man . she 's new at this . Holden duck as the ball come sailing back at he head . he get up . holden ( to oc ) thank you . ( hand alyssa another ball ) underhand . throw it underhand . alyssa this be where you take straight chick on date ? holden it 's like Spanish fly . this will probably be the first time I do not score afterwards . alyssa I do not know . I be start to get a tingle in my bottom . ( toss a ball ) ten . holden ( grab a ball ) so what would you do last night ? ( prepare to throw ) alyssa get laid Holden whip the ball in surprise . it ricochet off the ceiling and through the glass of a old pinball machine . alyssa laugh . Holden look around , nervously . alyssa some more of that skill you be tell I about ? holden maybe we should just leave before somebody get hurt . alyssa no way . I want a cheap prize . ( throw a ball ) so you friend 's quite the homophobe . holden he just feel leave out , I think . alyssa I be not talk about he infantile hang - up with I . I be talk about when you two be play that game . everytime he swore - when he player mess up , he call they cocksucker , he refer to the player as queer , he call you a cock -teaser ... holden I think he be talk to you . alyssa I know you think it mean nothing , and it may in fact be unintentional , but it 's ugly all the same . holden he be just piss he be lose . alyssa so he slam the gay community ? holden c'mon . do not get all p.c. on I . alyssa I be not . but what be that say ? holden it say he get too easily frustrated . alyssa it 's passive / agressive gay-bash . holden how do you figure ? alyssa how casually do it roll off he tongue ? and that 's how he express he anger ? by call people faggot ? holden I think you be read too much into it . alyssa I think you be just so use to it that it roll off you back . I have hear the two of you play you little rank out game where one insist the other be gay . ( as the boy ) " you be a faggot . no , you be a faggot . " it 's cute and all to watch you go at it like grade - schooler , but it 's also offensive - labeling and ducking the label of be gay as if it be the scarlet fuck letter . holden you be blow this way out of proportion . we live in a more tolerant age now . you refer to yourself as a dyke . hooper call himself a faggot all the time ... alyssa yeah , but that 's what 's know as empowerment / disempowerment . I call myself a dyke so it 's not too devastating when some throwback scream it at I as I be leave a bar at night . same for hooper - by call himself a faggot , he steal the thunder away from the mouthy jerk of this world who would like to beat he to it . but the difference between we have it and you friend say it be mile wide . we say it to mask the pain - you say it for lack of a better expression at any give moment . no Holden , we do not live in a more tolerant age . and if you think that 's the case , then you have be in the suburb way too long to be resuscitate . Holden kind of sulk . alyssa notice . alyssa but you know what ? ( pick up he face ) I have more faith in you than that . ( rip she ticket off ) come on - I want my cheap prize . int studio - night Holden enter . banky 's still play sega . Holden sit next to he . holden ( off screen ) how bad do you suck ! banky how be you pseudo-date ? holden leave it alone . banky that chick bug I . holden ( rub he head ; in baby - talk ) aww . everyone bug you . banky get off . ( off game ) Fucking faggot ! do you see that ?! you dyke court ass just get I score on ! holden ( beat ) you know , you should watch that . if you be go to get all bent out of shape while play the game , so much so that you need to curse the t.v. , try not to gay - bash it , alright . you be nor that kind of guy . ( get up ) and do not call she a dyke , alright ? she 's a lesbian . Holden go to he draw table and take off he coat . banky sit there , shocked . he put the controller down and cross to the draw table . banky what the fuck be go on here ? holden ( pull out pencil ) I be start a new page . banky ( smack pencil away ) not with this shit ! with you . what the fuck be go on with you and that girl ? holden we be friend . banky she 's programming you . holden I beg you pardon ? programm ? banky yeah . and apparently , you do not even realize it . what do it matter if I refer to she as a dyke , or if I call the whaler a bunch of faggot in the privacy of my own office , far from the sensitive ear of the rest of the world ? holden it 's passive / aggressive gay -bash ; and I know you be not really prejudice at heart . you should just find some other way to express you anger , be all I be say . Holden start draw . banky stare at he . then he grab the pencil out of Holden 's hand and shove he to the side . he start draw something . holden what the fuck be you do ! banky bear with I here . I just want to put you through this little exercise . ( draw feverishly ) okay , now see this ? this be a four way road , okay ? banky draw a four- way stop . he illustrate accord to he voice-over . banky v.o . and dead in the center , be a crisp , new , hundred dollar bill . now at the end of each of the street , be four people , okay ? you follow ? up here , we get a male - affectionate , easy - to-get-along - with , no political agenda lesbian . okay ? now down here , we have a man-hate , angry - as-fuck , agenda - of - rage , bitter dyke . to this side , we get Santa Claus , right ? and over to this side - the Easter Bunny . banky finish draw . Holden 's shaking he head banky which one 's go to get to the hundred dollar bill first ? holden what be this suppose to prove ? banky I be serious . this be a serious exercise . it 's like a s.a.t. question . which one 's go to get to the hundred dollar bill first - the male - friendly lesbian , the man-hate dyke , Santa Claus , or the Easter Bunny ? holden ( beat ; then piss ) the man-hate dyke . banky good . why ? holden I do not know . banky ( wildly crossing out the other three ) because these other three be figment of you fucking imagination ! Holden storm away . banky follow . holden I do not need this . I be go home . banky she 's fuck with you mind , man ! she know you have get this schoolboy crush and she 's use it to sway you way of think ! holden and why would she need to do that ? what be she mata fuck hari ?! what do she gain ? banky maybe she think you will get she comic pick up by contender . or maybe she think you will change the content of we book to something more political and message orient . or , gee - I do not know - maybe because that 's just what dyke like to do : fuck around with straight guy ' head , just so she can go back to she little rug-muncher club and have a good laugh with all she man-hate harpy croney about how fuck stupid and easily dupe man be ! holden you be so out of line right now .. , banky you do not even know this girl ! Big deal , she 's from middletown and she go to North ! all the girl at North be bitch and slut anyway ! and this one 's get they beat by a mile because she 's a bitch / slut / dyke ! holden watch you fuck mouth , be all I be go to tell you .. banky oh why ? do you get my back when she bashes I ? because I know she do . and do you know why she do ? because I will not play she fuck game ! holden sometimes you paranoia and suspicious bullshit be amusing . sometimes it 's just fuck annoying as piss ! banky what be it about this girl ? you know you have no shot at get she into bed ! why do you bother waste time with she ? because you be Holden fuck mcneil - most persistent traveller on the road that 's not the path of least resistance ! everything 's gotta be a fuck challenge for you , and this little relationship with that bitch be a prime example of you fuck condition . well I do not need a fuck magic eight ball to look into you future ; you want a forecast ? here - will Holden ever fuck alyssa . ( shake and look at imaginary ball ) what a shock - " not fuck likely " ! this relationship of you 's be affect you , we work and we friendship , and the time 's go to come when I throw down the gauntlet and say it 's I or she ! and then what be you go to say ?! holden ( beat ) I think you should let this one go . banky no , what would you say ? would you trash twenty year of friendship because you have get some idiotic notion that this chick would even let you sniff she panty , let alone fuck she ?! holden let it go ... banky what the fuck .. what the fuck make this bitch all that important ?!?! Holden look at banky for a long beat . holden I be in love with she , man . banky stare at he . Holden stare back . banky look into Holden 's eye . suddenly , he soften a bit . he drop he head . banky fuck . banky walk away . Holden watch he go and exit . int diner - night Holden and alyssa sit at a booth . alyssa pick through she food . Holden look at the check and pull money from he wallet . holden I wish you be the one be pursue by m- tv . alyssa oh really ? holden sure . then you could sell we and maybe pick up the check once in awhile . alyssa ( drop she fork and wipe she hand ) we be leave ! holden well it 's not like this be a bed and breakfast , alyssa I have get a little business to conduct . she grab she bag and slide out of the booth . Holden watch she , then follow . a23 . alyssa slide up to the cashier 's desk as do Holden , who offer a puzzle shrug . alyssa offer the ' just wait ' finger . the cashier turn to she . alyssa be you a authorize deal - maker in this establishment ? do you have the power to negotiate . cashier you wanna haggle over the price of you french dip ? alyssa I want to haggle over the price of fine art . cashier what do you mean ? alyssa ( point oc ) there . by the kitchen . that painting . cashier what about it ? alyssa the price tag say seventy five . cashier so ! holden ( to alyssa ) tell I you be kid ! alyssa I will give you fifty . cashier ( to oc ) manuel ! bring , I the dyksiezski off the wall . ( to alyssa ) all my year in the diner business , I have wait for this day - the day when someone want to buy one of the picture . alyssa ( hold out hand ) alyssa Jones . please to meet you . cashier you say you want to haggle , but you do not know rule one about haggling , which you just break : you never give you name . the name be power , and to give the opponent that piece of you be to give away victory . alyssa I be only try to conduct a transaction . we be not opponent . cashier ( accept painting from busboy ) oh , but we be - if you think I be let this beautiful piece go for fifty . alyssa ah-ha ! ( to Holden ) now we be haggling . 24 . int car - night 24 . it 's drizzle outside . Holden drive . alyssa hug she painting and push she bare foot against the windshield , make footprint . holden I have always wonder what kind of people buy that thing . I can not believe you talk he down to twenty five ! alyssa it be look shakey when he tell I the artist be a blind cripple with a hump -back , but I hold my ground . there 's no room for sympathy in the buyer 's market . holden where be you go to hang it ? alyssa I be not . you be . holden you want I to hang it for you ? you better hope it do not get out to the girl - nation that you need a man to help you hang a picture . alyssa you be go to hang it in you house . I buy it for you . holden ( laugh ) yeah , right . alyssa ( look at he ) I be serious . Holden stare at she . holden why ? alyssa because it 's capture the moment . it will be a constant reminder - not just of tonight , but of we introduction , the building of we friendship , everything . make no mistake about it my friend - it 's a gift to you , from I , so you will always remember we . Holden stare ahead . then he swerve the wheel to the right . ext roadside - night the car pull to the side of the road . the rain be a bit heavier now . int car - night Holden throw the car into park alyssa why be we stop ? holden because I can not take it . alyssa can not take what ? holden I love you . alyssa ( beat ) you love I . holden I love you . and not in a friendly way , although I think we be great friend . and not in a misplace affection , puppy - dog way , although I be sure that 's what you will call it . and it 's not because you be unattainable . I love you . very simple , very truly . you be the epitome of every attribute and quality I have ever look for in another person . I know you think of I as just a friend and crossing that line be the furthest thing from a option you would ever consider . but I can not do this any longer . I can not stand next to you without want to hold you . I can not look into you eye without feel that long you only read about in trashy romance novel . I can not talk to you without want to express my love for everything you be . I know this will probably queer we friendship - no pun intend - but I have to say it , because I have never feel this before , and I like who I be because of it . and if bring it to light mean we can not hang out anymore , then that hurt I . but I could not allow another day to go by without get it out there , regardless of the outcome , which by the look on you face be to be the inevitable shoot - down . and I will accept that but I know some part of you be hesitate for a moment , and if there be a moment of hesitation , that mean you feel something too . all I ask be that you not suppress that - at least for ten minute - and try to dwell in it before you dismiss it . there be not another soul on this fuck planet who 's ever make I the person I be when I be with you , and I would risk this friendship for the chance to take it to the next plateau . because it 's there between you and I . you can not deny that . and even if we never speak again after tonight , please know that I be forever change because of you and what you have mean to I , which - while I do appreciate it - I would never need a painting of bird buy at a diner to remind I of . Holden stare at alyssa . she stare back . then she get out of the car . holden be it something I say ? ext roadside - night Holden get out of the car . it 's raining pretty hard now . alyssa 's hitching up the road . Holden reach she . holden what be you do ? alyssa get back in the car and get out of here . holden you be go to hitch to New York ? alyssa y'ep . holden be not you at least go to comment ? alyssa here 's my comment fuck you . holden why ? alyssa that be so unfair . you know how unfair that be . holden it 's unfair that I be in love with you ? alyssa no , it 's unfortunate that you be in love with I . it 's unfair that you feel the fuck need to unburden you soul about it . do you remember for a fuck second who I be ? holden so ? people change . alyssa oh , it 's that simple ? you fall in love with I and want a romantic relationship , nothing change for you with the exception of feel hunky - dorey all the time . but what about - I ? it 's not that simple , be it ? I can not just get into a relationship with you without throw my whole fuck world into upheaval ! holden but that 's every relationship ! there 's always go to be a period of adjustment . alyssa period of adjustment ?!? ( hit he ) there's no ' period of adjustment ' holden ! i'm fucking gay ! that be who I am ! and you assume I can turn that around just because you've got a crush ?!? holden if this be a crush ... then I do not know if I could take the real thing if it ever happen . she look at he , rain drench the pair . she shake she head ruefully . alyssa go home , Holden . she walk away . Holden stand there , at a loss . then he turn and head back to he car . as he reach the door and turn to look back at she , alyssa pounce on he , grab he face and lock lip with he , big time . he drop he key and embrace she . and there they stand , by the side of the road , drench kissing . ext studio - day banky carry a bag in one arm and pull out he key with the other . he jam they into the lock , open the door . he pick up the mail on the floor . int studio - day he close the door behind he and shuffles to the kitchenette , pass by the blanket - cover , slumbering form of Holden and alyssa , who be out cold in each other 's arm . the place look a mess - like a couple of people be engage in some tremendous fuck . banky be oblivious . he set the bag down on the counter and pull out a chocolate milk . he open it , stick a straw into the top , and begin sip and sifting through the mail . he come to mail that 's Holden 's and toss it onto the couch , near Holden 's head . he look down at the sleep couple , then back at the mail for a couple of beat . then he freeze . he look down again , and drop he jaw and he carton of choco . it hit the floor with a pop . Holden and alyssa shoot straight up , eye struggle to focus . they look at one another , then at the flabbergasted banky . banky blink . then he shuffles toward the door again and let himself out . alyssa ( off Holden 's reaction ) I take it that 's not good . holden ( get up ) stay here . ( he kiss she and exit ) ext STREET - day banky sit on a curb , stare into the distance , Holden saunter up and sit beside he . he follow banky 's gaze . banky Catholic school girl . across the street , the Catholic High School be let out . teenage girl clad in uniform and tight sweater smoke , frolic , wait for they bus . banky the uniform be what do it for I . I wish I would have go with more Catholic school girl when I be a kid . as it stand . I have no " ... and then she unzip she jumper ... " storey . holden you look weird out back there . banky that 's my couch you be fuck on . holden sorry . banky I want to watch some tv . hard to do when you best friend 's wrap around a naked rug-muncher on you couch . holden she have boxer on . banky shoot he a glare . he go back to stare at the oc girl . banky this be all go to end badly . holden you do not know that . banky I know you . you be way too conservative for that girl . she 's be around and see thing we have only read about in book . holden but we have read about they . so we be prepare . banky there 's no ' we ' here . you be go to have to go through this alone . and it 's one thing to read about shit , and something different when you be force to deal with it on a regular basis . when you guy be walk in the mall and both you head turn at a really nice look chick , it 's go to eat you up inside . you will spend most of you time wonder when the other shoe 's go to drop . because for you , this be not about cool weird sex stuff , it 's about love . holden maybe it be for she as well . banky somehow I doubt it . holden everyone 's not out to get someone in life . Bank . banky everybody have a agenda . everyone . holden yourself ? banky my agenda be to watch you back . holden to what end ? banky to insure that all this time we have spend together , building something , be not waste . holden she 's not go to ruin the comic . banky I be not talk about the comic. ( get up ) I be go to gel a bagel . clean off my fuck couch so I can watch tv . banky walk away . Holden shake he head . int alyssa' live room - night a all - girl gather . tory . nica , dalia and jane help alyssa finish a issue of ' idiosyncratic routine ' . tory letter a page . nica and dalia lay - out the artwork . dalia drink wine . alyssa paint the cover . dalia from what I understand , when you sign with a publisher , someone else do all this work for you , and you just sit back and collect . alyssa and miss this last minute cram session with my nearest and dearest ? never . tory I do not know what she 's bitching about . all she 's do since we get here be pound merlot . dalia I be sorry be not you the one who misspel ' receipt ' on page eighteen ? yeah , you be a real help . nica what I would like to know be why we be here at all when we have not see princess funny - Book in a month . jane yeah alyssa - who have you be shack up with ? alyssa ' shack up ! ' please . ( stop painting ; smile wide ) I be so in love ! everyone aww 's . alyssa bury she face , giggle . alyssa I know . I know - I feel like such a goon . but I can not help it - we have such a great time together . dalia who be it ? do not even tell I it 's Ms. thing from the C.D. place . I will kill you . alyssa it 's not she . it 's someone you guy do not know . nica that chick you leave the restaurant with that night ? alyssa they be not . from around here . tory do not even tell I you meet she down the shore ! jane eww ! not a bridge - and -tunnel Jersey dyke ! tory with huge hair and acid-wash jeans ! they all cackle . alyssa try to laugh with they . dalia come on , alyss - hoboken hussy or what ? alyssa for you information , they do not have big hair or wear acid wash . ( go back to painting ) they be from my home town . dalia stare at alyssa , suspiciously . dalia why be you play the pronoun game ? alyssa what ? what be you talk about ? I be not even . dalia you be . " I meet someone . " " we have a great time . " they be from my home town . " do not this tube of wonderful have a name ! alyssa ( beat ) Holden . all four Girls stare at alyssa , a bit horrify . she stop painting . jane oh , alyssa - no . not you . tory you be dating a guy ? alyssa he 's not like a typical man . he 's really sweet to I , and we relate so well . you guy would love he , really . they stare at alyssa . then dalia get up . dalia I have gotta go to the store . jane I will go with . they exit . alyssa look to tory and nica . tory ( pour wine ) whelp - here 's to both of you . ( move the glass to she lip ) another one bite the dust . int holden' bedroom - night Holden and alyssa lie in each other 's arm , moonlight bathing they . she smoke . holden can I ask you something ? alyssa do not even tell I you want to do it again . holden why I - you know ? why now ? alyssa because you be give I that look , and I get wet ... holden you know what I be talk about . alyssa why not you ? holden I be a guy . you be attract to girl . alyssa I see you have be take note . historically , yes that 's true . holden then why this ? alyssa I have give that a lot of think , you know ? I mean , now that I be be ostracize by my friend , I have have a lot of time to think about all of this . and what I have come up with be really simple : I come to this on my term . I do not just heed what I be teach , you know ? Men and woman should be together , it 's the natural way - that kind of thing . I be not with you because of what family , society , life try to instill in I from day one . the way the world be - how seldom you meet that one person who get you ... it 's so rare . my parent do not really have it . there be no example set for I in the world of male / female relation ship . and to cut oneself off from find that person - to immediately half you option by eliminate the possibility of find that one person within you own gender ... that just seem stupid . so I do not . and by leave my option open , I be brand ' gay ' , which to I be no big deal - label be label , you know ? they define what you do , not who you be , I guess . but then you come along . you - the one least likely ; I mean , you be a guy . holden still be . alyssa and while I be fall for you , I put a ceiling on that , because you be a guy . until I remember why I open the door to woman in the first place - to not limit the likelihood of find that one person who would compliment I so completely . and so here we be , I be thorough when I look for you , and I feel justified lie in you arm - because I get here on my term , and have no question that there be someplace I do not look . and that make all the difference . holden ( beat ) shit . alyssa what ? holden well , you take the luster we of it . alyssa what luster ? holden ( joke - in case you do not get it ) of how I bring you back from the other side . how all you need be the right man to turn you around . alyssa you be not the right man . ( kiss he ) you be just the one . she snuggle into he and close she eye . Holden stare at the ceiling . holden can I at least cell people that all you need be some serious deep - dick ? she hit he with she pillow . the big ol ' falling -in -love montage begins 1 ) in Holden 's apartment - alyssa wave in various direction , shaking she head accordingly . then she put up she hand to stop . cut to Holden , hang the picture . alyssa give he . it hang at a severely crooked angle . he look back to she and shake he head ' no ' . 2 ) Holden and alyssa try to play a video game . banky play as well . Holden instruct she in the way of nhl ' 96 ( turn she paddle right - side - up , point at thing on the screen ) . she press the reset button , over and over . banky give Holden a ' what the fuck ? ' look . alyssa stick she tongue at he . 3 ) at the video store - Holden pick up a Disney cartoon off the shelf . he go to show if to alyssa , who 's read the back of ' anything but Dick ' , a allchick porno . a old woman stare at she . Holden nod to the old woman and take the tape out of alyssa 's hand , put it back on the shelf . he usher she away . the old woman wait until they be go and then pick up the tape herself , 4 ) Holden carry alyssa on he shoulder through the park , she crotch against the back of he neck . he 's talk . she tap he and he stop and look up . she begin to maneuver around so she crotch be in he face . he pull she off and put she down . she 's laugh . he 's flushed with embarrassment . the same Old woman from the video store pass by with she husband . Holden shrug . 5 ) in Holden 's apartment again - alyssa again with the wave , then put up she hand to stop . cut to Holden again , this time with the painting hang completely upside down . he look at it , then offer she a bewilder gaze . 6 ) in the Office banky come to he draw table . there be pencile page on it with a note that say " hanging out with alyssa today . Holden " . banky crumple it up and throw it across the room . 7 ) in Holden 's apartment - alyssa wave this way , then that way , then put up she hand frantically to stop . she settles back against the wall , a satisfied smile crawl across she face , and close she eye . we pull back to reveal Holden on he knee in front of she , eat she out ( no , we do not see anything ! ) . int office - day Holden draw . a book be throw in front of he . he look up . banky stand there . banky check out page forty eight . Holden look down at that book . it 's the nineteen eighty eight yearbook from middletown North . he shake he head at banky and flip it open . on the page be alyssa 's senior year photo . under she name be another name in quote that say ' finger cuff ' . holden ( look up ) so ? banky do you see the nickname ? holden ' finger cuff ' . banky and ...? holden and ... she have a weird nick - name . what 's you point ? banky do you know why it 's ' finger cuff ' ? holden I suppose you do . banky I do . ( take a seat ) you remember cohee lundin ? Left Hudson and go to North we senior year ? holden yeah . banky well , I run into he at food City the other day , and we get to talk , and I mention that you be dating alyssa , and he say .. CUT to cohee lundon . in the parking lot of food CITY , address the camera . cohee alyssa Jones ? shit . I know alyssa Jones . I mean , I know alyssa Jones , you know what I be say ? I and Rick derris use to hang we with she for awhile , right ? just hang around she house after school , ' cuz she parent be like never home , and shit . and one day , Rick just whip it out , and start rub it on she leg and shit ; chase she around the live room - I be die . but you know what the crazy bitch do ? she fuck drop to she knee , and just start suck he off right in front of I ! like I be not even there man ! I almost die ! but that 's not the fuck up part - the fuck up part be Rick , man - right in the middle of it , he turn to I and he 's point at she and he say " cohee . " just like that - " cohee . " so I be like I will give it a shot . and I start pull she pants down all slow , ' cuz I figure any second she 's gonna turn around and belt I in the mouth , right ? but yo , check this shit out - she 's all into it man ! she do not try to stop I or nothing ! she 's all wet and shit , and I just go to work , know what I be say ? I and Rick be go to town on this crazy bitch , and she 's just loving it , all moan and shit ! it be fuck up ! so Rick 's the one that come up with the nickname - ' cuz that day , she have we lock in tight from both side - like a pair of goddamn chinese finger cuff ! back in the office - Holden stare at banky . holden he 's full of shit . banky cohee 's a lot of thing , but a exxagerator he 's not . the dude 's Catholic . holden she 's never even be with a guy . banky that 's what she say . but I say she on she hand and knee get fill out like a application constitute ' be with a guy ' . holden he 's pull you chain . and the fact that you even buy it for a second make you look like a idiot . banky I be get you back , asshole ! people do not forget shit like ' finger cuff ' . and if it get out that she 's queer as well , how do you think it 's go to make you look ? holden I give a shit what people think . banky alright , forget about that ; what if she 's carry a disease ? that be just one story - what if there 's more ? holden ( grab he coat ) you be such a fuck asshole . banky what ? oh , it 's not possible that she 's all crudd up ? cohee I can vouch for as clean - the dude never get laid in high school . but derris be a arch fuck bush - man ! name I one chick in we senior class that Rick derris do not nail , for Christ 's sake ! holden would you let this go ? I be tell you - she 's never even be with a guy , let alone that two zeroe . banky and I be tell you , the bitch could be a bigger fuck germ farm than that monkey in ' outbreak ' ! Holden grab banky and pin he against the wall . holden give it a rest ! do you hear I ?! I be tired of this shit ! she 's my goddamn girlfriend , do you understand ?! show she a little fuck respect ! and if you ever even so much as mention that alyssa look a little peak from now on , I will put you fuck tooth down you throat ! he release banky . banky brushes himself off . banky maybe I will put you fuck tooth down you throat . holden ( walk out ) not bloody likely . banky run to the open door . banky ( call after he ) I have be work out you know ! ( no response ) you better be ready to make that m- tv deal ! the downstairs door slam . banky make a muscle , then feel it . int tower record - day Holden and hooper peruse laser disc . hooper where 's that bitch partner of you 's be ? holden sulk . he 's have a real problem with this alyssa thing . hooper I think it 's more like banky 's have a problem with all thing not hetero right about now . and I be just another paradigm of say aberration . holden banky do not hate gay , you know that . hooper but I do think he be a bit homophobic . and this latest episode between you and Ms. thing have tapped into that . in he warpe perception , he lose you to the dark side - which be she . holden you make it sound like I and he be dating . hooper do not kid yourself - that boy love you in a way that he 's not ready to deal with . holden ( beat ) he 's be digging up dirt on alyssa . hooper and just what have mister Angela lansbury uncover about you lady fair ? holden he hear some bullshit story that she take on two guy . hooper really ? well then he 's bark up the wrong we if he want to split you up , be not he ? he 's not go to make you see the error of you way by point out how truly gay she 's not ( hold up a disc ) this one ? holden have it . ( beat ) actually , it 's kind of get to I . hooper how so ? holden banky 's not know for believe misinformation . he 's get a pretty good bullshit detector . hooper so , what if it be true ? would that bother you ? holden sex with multiple partner ? hooper let we a faux - shock shriek . holden at the same time . again , even louder , hand slap against he cheek . holden thanks for be so comforting . hooper so what do you care ? holden well that 's the thing , be not it ? I should not .. but it get to I . hooper kind of gal alyssa be , you do not think she 's be in the middle of a all - girl group -grope ? holden you see - that do not bother I . but the think of she and guy ... uh ! hooper oh Holden , I beg you - please do not drop fifty storey in my opinion of you by fall prey to that latest of trendy beast . holden which be ? hooper lesbian chic . it 's oh -so acceptable to be a gay girl nowadays . people think it 's cute , because they have get this fool picture in they head about lipstick lesbian - like they all resemble alyssa - while most of they look more like you . holden do I detect a little inter-subculture cattiness ? hooper Gay or straight - ugly 's still ugly . and most of that boy be scary . holden I think fag be all suppose to be super - supportive of one another . hooper screw that ' all for one ' shit . I gotta deal with be the minority in the minority of the minority , and nobody 's support my ass ? while the whole of society be fawn over girl - on - girl , here I sit - a revile gay man , and to top that off , I be a gay black man - notoriously the most swishy of the bunch . holden Three strike . hooper hey , hey ! there 's a line . a young black kid approach hooper , hold a comic book . kid be you hooper X ? hooper ( in militant mode ) a-salaam alaikum , little brother . kid could you sign my comic ? hooper ( signing comic ; nod to Holden ) see that guy there ? he 's the devil , you understand ? never take you eye off the man . we people take they eye off he one time , and he have we in chain in two shake of he snake 's tail . the kid offer Holden a angry look . hooper give he back he comic . hooper fight the power , little ' G '. kid Word be bond the kid leave , hooper slip back into he real voice . hooper look at what I have to resort to for professional respect . what be it about gay man that terrify the rest of the world . ( shake he head ) as for this hang - up with alyssa 's past , maybe what 's really bother you be that you fragile fantasy might not be true . holden what do you mean ? hooper Holden - do not even try to come off like you do not know what I be say . Men need to believe that they be Marco fuck polo when it come to sex - like they be the only one who have ever explore new territory . and it 's hard not to let they believe it . I let my boy run with it for awhile - feed they some of that " I have never do this before ... " bullshit , and let them labor under the delusion that they rockin ' my world , until I can not stand they anymore . then I hit them with the truth . it 's a sick game . the world would be a better place if people would just accept that there 's nothing new under the sun , and everything you can do with a person have probably be do long before you get there . holden I can accept that . hooper honey , that almost sound convincing . do yourself a favor - just ask she about she past , point blank . get it out of the way , before it get too big for both ya will to move . ( spot something oc ) oooh ! ' myra breckinridge ' ! hooper trot off , Holden glance at the disc in he hand . picture on it be two gorgeous chick , barely clad , make out . the title be ' Men suck .. and so do Girls - all xxx action . ' int hockey rink - night on the ice , two team clash , chase the puck up and back , check galore . in the bleacher , amidst a slew of fan , alyssa watch the game with a large degree of enjoyment . sitting beside she , Holden do not seem to share she enthusiasm . alyssa since most of this people be root for the home team , I be go to cheer for the visitor . I be a big visitor fan - especially the kind that make coffee for you in the morning before they go . ( smile at Holden ; no response ) that be a joke . a little wacky wordplay ? holden what do you mean , ' visitor ' ? alyssa be I be too obscure ? the kind that - until recently - have no dick and would spend the night . holden so that be until recently ! alyssa oh , yeah . ( shouting ; to ice ) hey - foul ! foul ! he be travel or something ! holden so nobody bur I have stay the night at you place since we get together ? alyssa ( beat ) something on you mind , Holden ? holden no , I be just wonder , alyssa if I have be ' faithful ' or something ? holden look , I be just ask . alyssa ( toucher he face ) oh , sweetie . I only have eye for you . ( to ice ) call that fucking shit , ref !! the guy on the skate totally shove one of my guy !! ( to Holden ) I tell you I be great at sport event . imagine what a bitch I could be if I know what be go on ? on the ice - thing heat up between two oppose player . one snatch the puck away from the other and skate off . the other player give chase . alyssa 's very into the game . Holden shake he head holden that would make banky half right . alyssa about what ? holden he say all the girl from North be bitch and slut . alyssa really . I be sorry - you two leave high school behind how many year ago ? ( grab he face and kiss he cheek ) can I put some of my book in you locker ? ( go back to watch game ) holden ( under he breath ) how about you yearbook . on the ice - the player give chase slashes the player with the puck . alyssa jump to she foot . alyssa ( to ice ) if you don't start using that whistle i'm gonna jam it straight up you ass !! ( to guy next to she ) right ? holden what 's with ' finger cuff ' ? alyssa ( sit back down ) ' finger cuff ' ? holden yeah . in you senior yearbook you nickname be ' finger cuff ' . what be that ? alyssa it be ? shit , damned if I can remember . I would look it up , but I throw all that shit we year ago ? ( beat ) where would you see a North yearbook ? holden do you know Rick derris ? on the ice - the player skid into the corner where player one check player two into the board , hard . player two scramble to he foot and throw down he glove . the crowd around alyssa and Holden go wild . alyssa Rick ? sure . we use to hang out in high school . ( to ice ) punch he in the fucking neck , number twelve !! holden do you go out with he or something ? alyssa ( eye on the ice ) date Rick derris ? no . we just hang out a lot . holden just ... you and he ? alyssa no. I , Rick , and ... um ... what be that guy 's name ...? holden cohee ? alyssa yeah ! cohee lundin . God , I have not think about that name in year . on the ice - the player square off . player two pull player one 's helmet off and punch he in the face . Holden look as if he would like to do the same to he companion . alyssa 's into the game . alyssa I remember that guy would come over almost everyday after school . they would bug my sister , look for porno tape in my dad 's closet , raid we fridge . they really take advantage of my parent never be home . on the ice - player two yank at player one 's jersey and gut punch he . alyssa seem oblivious to Holden 's anger , so enthralled with the action be she . alyssa ( start laugh ) this one day ... Rick pull out he dick and chase I around the house with it ! right in front of cohee ! I could not believe it ! guy be weird - I think the whole size hang - up make you all terrify to show you dick to each other ? on the ice - player one stagger a bit , then quickly rights he jersey and lunge at player two , landing a barrage of he own punch . blood spray across the ice . Holden 's face be reeeeeaaaally sour look . alyssa 's still in the game . holden Rick pull he dick out ? really ? what would you do ? alyssa ( look he dead in the eye ) I blow he while cohee fuck I . on the ice - player one deliver the kill shot , slamm he fist into player two 's nose . the blood shoot out like a geyser , and two go down hard . Holden stare at alyssa , flabbergasted . the crowd around they stare not at the fight on the ice , but the fight in they midst , shocked . alyssa fume . holden Excuse I !?! alyssa that 's what you want to hear , be not it ? be not that what this little cross - examination of you 's be about ? well try not to be so obvious about it next time , there be subtler way of badger a witness . ( to bystander ) be I right ? bystander ( to Holden ) jeez , even I know what you be get at . alyssa ( gather she stuff ) if you want some background information on I , all you have to do be ask - I would have gladly volunteer it . you do not have to play hercules fuck poirot ! she storm away . Holden chase after she . the bystander watch they go . bystander ( to companion ) I tell you this be good seat . int rink lobby / ext parking lot - night alyssa march quickly , pull on she coat . Holden catch up to she . we track with they we into the parking lot . holden so it 's true ?! alyssa yes Holden ! in fact , everything you hear or dig up on I be probably true ! yeah , I take on two guy at once ! you want to hear some gem you might not have unearth - I take a twenty six year old guy to my senior prom , and then leave halfway through to have sex with he and gwen Turner in the back of a limo ! and the girl who get catch in the shower with miss moffit , the gym teacher ? that be I ! or how about in college , when I let Shannon Hamilton videotape we have sex - only to find out the next day that he broadcast it on the campus cable station ?! they be all true - that and so many more ! do not you know ? I be the queen of urban legend ! holden how the hell could you do that thing ?! alyssa easily ! some of it I do out of stupidity , some of it I do out of what I think be love , but - good or bad - they be my choice , and I be not make apology for they now - not to you or anyone ! and how dare you try to lay a guilt trip on I about it - in public , no less ! who the fuck do you think you be , you judgemental prick ?! holden how be I suppose to feel about all of this ? alyssa how be you suppose to feel about it ? feel what ever the fuck you want about it ! the only thing that really matter be how you feel about I . holden I do not know how I feel about you now . alyssa why ? because I have some sex ? holden some sex ? alyssa yes , Holden - that 's all it be : some sex ! most of it stupid high school sex , for Christ 's sake ! like you never have sex in high school ! holden there 's a world of fuck difference between typical high school sex and two guy at once ! they fuck use you ? alyssa I use they ! you do not think I would have let it happen if I have not want it to , do you ?! I be a experimental girl , for Christ 's sake ! maybe you know early on that you track be from point ' a ' to ' b ' - but unlike you I be not give a fuck map at birth , so I try it all ! that be until we - that 's you and I - get together , and suddenly , I be sate . can not you take some fuck comfort in that ? you turn out to be all I be ever look for - the miss piece in the big fuck puzzle ! ( try to calm down ) look I be sorry I let you believe that you be the only guy I would ever be with . I should have be more honest . but it seem to make you feel special in a way that I tell you over and over again how incredible you be would never get across . she touch he face . he pull back . she stare at he , hurt and piss . alyssa do you mean to tell I that - while you have zero problem with I sleep with half the woman in New York City - you have some sort of half - ass , mealy - mouth objection to pubescent antic , that take place almost ten year ago ? what the fuck be you problem ?!? Holden 's eye be downcast . alyssa wait for a response . holden I want we to be something that we can not . alyssa and what 's that ? holden ( beat ) a normal couple . Holden skulk off . alyssa stare after he , and then start kick and punch a car beside she , finally slumping to the ground . she cry . int studio - dusk Holden sit on the couch , alone in the dark . the door open and banky enter . he stand there , size up Holden 's mood . banky the girl ? Holden nod . banky nod back . he stand there for a beat . then he sit beside Holden . he open he arm . Holden shift into he friend 's embrace and begin cry on he shoulder . banky pat he back . pull back on a man in pain and the comfort of a friend . int diner - night Holden sit alone at a booth . he stir he iced tea . oc voice yo , look at this morose mother fucker here .. Holden look up . jay and silent bob stand above he . jay smell like somebody shit in he cereal . Holden offer a half -smile . the pair slide into the booth . holden what take you so long ? jay we be at the mall . you bring the salad ? Holden pull a envelope out of he jacket and toss it to jay . jay open it and pull out a thick wad of bill , along with the latest issue of ' bluntman and chronic . ' jay man , this likeness rights shit be more profitable than sell smoke . holden how would a dirt merchant like you ever learn about likeness rights ? jay ( hand envelope to Silent Bob ) we deal to a lot of lawyer . speak of which ... ( pull out a dime bag ) Little signing bonus and shit ! holden I will pass . take a look at the issue . Silent Bob thumb through the comic . jay look over he shoulder , as he begin roll a joint . jay yeah . when you gonna get some pussy in that book , man ! throw some super - villain in with big fuck tit that shoot milk or something , and I just drink she dry , bust some move on she ... ( demonstrate ) ... and then she have to fuck I . ( Silent Bob hit he ) fuck we . holden I will see what I can do . a waitress join they . waitress what can I get you . holden nothing , thanks . jay yo flo - tell mel to whip I up a toast bagel and cream cheese . ( to Silent Bob ) you want one too ? ( Silent Bob nod ) make that two . and kiss my grit . noonch . ( the waitress leave ; to Holden ) d'jever watch ' Alice ' ? that show 's good as hell . ( continue roll ) so why the long face , horse ? banky on the rag ? holden when be he not ? no - I be just have some girl trouble . jay bitch press charge ? I get that a lot . holden no . I be just at a point where I do not know what to do . jay kick she to the curb . Girls get to be too much trouble , there 's always the ' band of the hand ' . holden can not do it , g. I be in love . jay ah , there be not no such thing . you gotta boil it all down to the essential . it 's like cube say - life be not nothing but bitch and money . holden just what I need - advice from the ' hood jay who be this girl ? holden I do not think you know she . jay come on man - I be people who know people . holden you sound like barbra streisand . jay that 's ' cause I get this tubby bitch play she great hit tape in my ear all the time . you should see he : she start sing ' you do not bring I Flowers ' , this faggot start cry like a little girl with a skinned knee and shit . it 's embarrassing . I get the only muscle in the world with a weakness for ballad . ( to Silent Bob ) you big fuck softie . ( to Holden ) so what 's this skirt 's name ! holden I be tell you , you do not know she . jay I be not play . tell I she name , mysterio . holden alyssa Jones . jay finger cuff ? Holden rub he eye . jay you be dating finger cuff ? wait a minute I think she be all gay and shit ! holden she be . or be . I do not know . the waitress return with the order . jay and you go out with she ? shit , man - you be a lucky dog . she bring other chick to bed with you , get a little of that filet o' fish sammich go on ? the waitress stare wide - eye and offended at jay . jay ( off the waitress ' look ) yeah - you know what I be talk about , baby . ( waitress leave ; to Holden ) so - four tit , or what ? holden it 's not like that . jay well what 's it like then ? holden right now ? ( beat ) I do not know . I love she . but she have a past jay I will say . stuffin ' two guy , eat chick out . yo - I hear one time , she have this dog ... holden eat you fuck bagel already ! jay ( to Silent Bob ) look at this touchy mother fucker right here . ( to Holden ) so , if you be all in love with she , what 's the problem ? holden the problem be shit like that . it be one thing when it be just girl - that be weird enough . but now you throw guy into the mix - two guy at once , no less . all that experience ... what be I suppose to think ? jay you think good ; because now she will be all true blue and shit . the girl 's taste life , yo . now she 's settlin ' for you boring , funny - book -makin ' ass . holden settle . that 's comforting , jay . thanks . jay that 's what I be here for . holden I be lust have a problem with all of it I can not get it out of my head this visual of she do all this shit . and I do not know why I can not let it go . because I be crazy about she , you know ? I look at this girl , I see the future . I see kid . I see grand - kid . jay you be scare I . holden I be scare myself . because I think so much of she , and then I can not get over shit like ' finger cuff '. ( shake he head ) I do not know what I be do . Holden look out the window . jay continue to roll he joint . there 's silence . then ... bob you be chase Amy . Holden 's head snap forward . he stare , wide - eye at Silent Bob . holden what .. what do you say ? bob you be chase Amy . Holden stare , shocked . he look to jay , who 's still roll he joint . jay what do you look so shocked for ? he do this all the time . fat bastard think just because he never say anything , that it will have some huge impact when he do open he fuck mouth . bob why do not you shut up ? Jesus ! always yap , yap , yapping all the time . give I a fuck headache . ( to Holden ) I go through something like what you be go through . year ago . same kind of thing with a girl name Amy . jay when ? bob a couple of year ago . jay what would she ' live in Canada ' or something ? why do not I remember this ? bob what you do not know about I I can just about squeeze into the Grand fuck Canyon . do you know I always want to be a dancer in Vegas ? jay and Holden look at he . Silent Bob bust a move with he hand . bob hunhh ? Bet you do not know that ? jay just cell you fuck story so we can get out of here and smoke this . bob ( to Holden ) so there 's I a Amy , and we be all inseparable , right ? just big time in love . and then about four month in , I ask about the ex-boyfriend . Dumb move , I know , but you know how it be - you do not really want to know , but you just have to ... stupid guy bullshit . anyway she start tell I all about he - how they date for year , live together , she mother like I better , blah , blah , blah - and I be okay . but then she tell I that a couple time , he bring other people to bed with they - menage a tois , I believe it 's call . now this just blow my mind . I mean , I be not use to that sort of thing , right ? I be raise Catholic . jay Saint shithead . Silent Bob backhand he . jay raise he fist as if to strike . bob do something . ( to Holden ) so I get weird out , and just start blast she , right ? this be the only way I can deal with it - by call she a slut , and tell she that she be use - I mean , I be out for blood I want to hurt she - because I do not know how to deal with what I be feel . and I be like " what the fuck be wrong with you ? " and she 's tell I that it be that time , in that place , and she do not do anything wrong , so she 's not gonna apologize . so I tell she it 's over , and I walk . jay Fucking a. bob no , idiot . it be a mistake . I be not disgust with she , I be afraid . at that moment , I feel small - like I would lack experience , like I would never be on she level or never be enough for she or something . and what I do not get be that she do not care . she be not look for that guy anymore . she be look for I . but by the time I realize this , it be too late , you know . she would move on , and all I have to show for it be some foolish pride , which then give way to regret . she be the girl , I know that now . but I push she away ... everyone 's silent Silent Bob light a cigarette . bob so I have spend every day since then chase Amy ... ( take a drag from he smoke ) so to speak . they sit there for a beat . jay pocket the rest of he dime - bag . jay enough of this fuck melodrama . my advice - forget she , dude . there 's one woman in the world . one woman , with many face . ( to Silent Bob ) get up , bitch ( to Holden ) we gotta book . we be catch a bus to chi-town . holden what 's there ? jay Business , yo . how many more of that phat envelope do we get come to we ? holden I do not know . I do not know if the book 's go to be around much longer . jay yeah ? good . I will be glad as shit when it 's go . holden be you kid I ? there 's million of people out there that would love to see themselves in a comic book . jay I know . I spend every fuck waking hour with one of they . but it be not like we at all - all slapsticky and shit - run around like dick , say ... what 's that shit you get I say ? holden snootchie-bootchy . jay ' snootchie-bootchy ' . who talk like that ? that 's baby - talk . ( slap he hand ) it 's a big world , g - but we be bound to run into you again . until then - keep you unit on you . holden I will try . bob do , or do not - there be no ay . jay ( slap he ) knock it off ! get you fat ass move - we get a bus to catch . ( under he breath ) jedi-bitch . exit jay and Silent Bob . Holden remain in the booth , think . montage - a uncomfortable silence 1 ) Holden sit at he draw table , tapping he pencil up and down . 2 ) alyssa sit in a club , get talk at by some woman . she 's not present in the conversation . 3 ) banky meet with sloss at a restaurant sloss shake the contract at he , and banky make the " I know , I know , " face . 4 ) Holden stare at the picture alyssa give he . 5 ) alyssa with she ear to the phone . she hang up , angrily . 6 ) Holden sit in the park that he and alyssa walk through . he 's stare at alyssa 's yearbook picture . he close the book and sigh . then , a idea hit he . he jump up and dash out of the park . int studio - night banky and alyssa sit on the couch . Holden pace in front of they . holden I know you be wonder why I ask you both here tonight , at the same time , know that we have shit to settle between we , separately . banky I just figure you want to kill two bird with one stone by tell she to fuck off with I here so you do not have to go through the story again later on . alyssa fuck you . banky not even if you let I videotape it . holden enough ! ( they both look at he ) I have be go through thing , over and over . and I dissect it all , and look at it a thousand different way . banky - there 's friction between we for the first time in we life . you hate I dating alyssa and you want I to sign off on this m- tv thing . banky how perceptive . holden alyssa - you and I hit a wall , because I do not know how to deal with ... you past , I guess . banky that 's a nice way of put it . I would have say the whole double-stuff thing ... holden ( right in he face ) I be only go to say it once : shut up . ( back to pace ) now - I know I be to blame one way or the other on both account . with you , alyssa - it 's my fault because I feel inadequate . because you have have so much experience , have such a big life ; and my life 's be pretty small in comparison . alyssa that do not matter to I ... holden please . I have to get through this . ( beat ) and with you banky - I know why you be have such a hard time with alyssa , and it 's something that 's be obvious forever , but I guess I just do not acknowledge it . ( take a deep breath ) you be in love with I . banky ( make a face ; beat ) what ? holden you be attract to I . just as , in a way , I be attract to you . I mean , it make sense - we have be together so long , we have so much in common ... banky ( get up ) well , I have get to get home and catch the last few minute of ' Babylon 5 ' , so I will be ... Holden grab he , kiss he full on the lip , and push he back onto the couch alyssa react . banky - wide - eye and speechless - look away . holden it 's something you be go to have to deal with . Bank . you may very well be gay , which explain you homophobia and why you be so jealous of alyssa , and you sense of humor as well . banky just ' cause a guy 's get a predilection coward dick joke ... holden Bank . stop. deal with it . you will feel much better . he grab a chair from the side of the room . holden now - at this point , you may be ask yourself the question that I have be go over and over in my head for the last few day : what do one have to do with the other ? alyssa 's face drop . she subtly shake she head . alyssa ( under she breath ) do not . holden and when I do some serious soul - search , it come at I from out of nowhere , and suddenly it all make sense - a calm come over I . I know what we have to do . and then you - Bank , you alyssa , and I - all of we ... can finally be ... alright . alyssa ( again , under she breath ) please do not say it . holden ( sit in the chair ; take a long beat ) we have all get to have sex together . the room be silent . Holden light a cigarette . banky 's eye nearly bug . alyssa 's head drop . holden do not you see ? that would take care of everything . alyssa - I would not feel inadequate or too conservative anymore . I will have do something on par with all the experience you have have . and it will be with you , which will make it that much more powerful . and banky - you can cake that leap that everyone else but you see that you should take . and it will be okay , because it will be with I - you best friend for year . we have be everything to each other but intimate . and now , we will have be through that together too . and it will not have to be a total leap for you , because a woman will be involved . and when it 's over , all that aggression you feel toward alyssa will be go . because you will have share in something beautiful with the woman I love . it will be cathartic . a true communion . we have to do this . for I , for both of you ... for all of we sake . this will keep we together . ( beat ) what do you say ? banky stare forward , wide - eye . he lean back into the couch and let out a huge sigh . then shrug . banky sure . Holden smile at he friend . then he look at alyssa . holden you know I need this . you know it will help . alyssa look at he , sadly . alyssa no . Holden react , shocked banky let out a sigh of relief . holden no ? I ... I think you would be into this . alyssa you do ? what do that say about I ? holden but you have ... you have do ... stuff ... like this . this should be no big deal for you . alyssa you do not want this . ( light she cigarette ) you really do not want this . trust I . holden I need this . this have to happen . why can not you see that ? and how can you not ? what do that say about I ? you can take it from two guy whose name you can barely remember , but I ask you to share a experience like it - where it 's about intimacy - and you say no ? alyssa ( inhale from she cigarette , take a beat ) I can not . Holden move to she side of the couch . holden you can . I will be there . and when it 's over , we will be the strongest we have ever be because we get through some nasty shit together . and we will finally be on the same level together . and then there will be nothing we can not accomplish . a tear roll down she cheek she look at he , sadly , and touch he face . alyssa oh Holden . ( try to compose herself ) that time be over for I . I have be there . I have do it . and I do not find what I be look for in any of it . I find that in you - in we . do this will not help you forget about the thing you be hang up on . it will create more . holden no it will not . I think about all of that . alyssa no , it will . maybe you will see I differently from then on - maybe you will despise I for go along with it , once you be in the moment . maybe I will moan differently and then you will resent banky , and become suspicious of we . or you will alienate he because of it , and then grow to blame and hate I for the deterioration of you friendship . or what if - I sincerely doubt it , but what if - I see something in banky that I never see before , and fall in love with he and leave you . I have be down road like this before ; many time . I know you feel do this will broaden you horizon and give you experience . but I have have that experience on my own . I can not accompany you on you 's . I be past that now . ( touch he face ; stare to cry ) or maybe I just love you too much . and I feel hurt and let down that you would want to share I with anyone . because I never want to share you ( hold it in ; get up ) regardless I can not be a part of this . ( beat ) or you . not anymore ( hug he ) I love you . I always will . know that . she release he , then slap he . alyssa but I be not you fuck whore . alyssa storm away , stop briefly to look banky up and down . alyssa he 's you 's again . she walk we of the studio . the door close behind she . banky and Holden stand there , silently . cut to black . int comic book show - day it 's one year later . we be at another show , not unlike the one from the open . a copy of ' bluntman and chronic ' enter the frame . the cover read ' the death chronic ' , complete with a corresponding draw . banky v.o. blast from the past . banky sit at he own signing table . behind he hang a banner that read ' banky edward - creator of baby dave ' . a small line be form in front of he . he talk with a fan . fan do you know how much it 's go for this day ? one ten . you signing it will push that up even higher , banky if you sell it , I want a kickback ( start signing ) fan I do not know if this be true , but I hear once that there be go to be a animated series . banky there be go to be fan what happen ! banky ( off comic ) you be look at it . no chronic - no cartoon fan that suck man . that would have be awesome . banky tell I about it fan be that what happen to you and Holden mcneil ? you get into a fight over the rights or something ? banky it be a little more involved than that . fan whatever happen to he ? banky he quit the biz . I guess . fan you guy do not talk anymore ? banky ( look oc ) no . not really . banky lock eye with someone oc . his expression soften . Holden lean against a wall on the far side of the room . he smile at banky . banky smile back , and sort of nod . Holden hold up a copy of banky 's new solo comic . he point to it and give a thumb up . oc fan probably should not have kill off chronic . banky smile to oc . banky guess not . some door just should not be open . banky look in another direction , oc . he look at Holden and point to it . Holden look in the same direction , and then look back at banky and nod . oc fan you do not need that guy , anyway . you do great stuff without he . banky look at Holden for a beat . then he bring he pointer finger together , mimice Holden 's ' share moment ' gesture . Holden shrug slightly , then cross he finger - as if to say ' hopefully ' . oc fan you be just carry that guy , anyway . banky sort of smile at the oc Holden . then he offer he own thumb up - as to say ' good luck ' . banky ( to fan , still look oc ) you be so right . Holden smile back , nod ' bye ' , and walk off . oc fan well , keep up the good work , man . Love they dick joke . Love them . see ya . the fan leave , but banky be watch Holden go . bxvky yeah . bye. ( shake it off ) okay . who 's next ? alyssa sit at a separate signing table , with a line in front of she . a woman behind she . alyssa dash off signature in the copy of she comic . alyssa ( to oc depart fan ) thanks for read it . the woman stand and rub she shoulder . woman I be go to get a soda . you want anything ? alyssa I be fine , thanks , the woman head off . alyssa start rummage through she bag . alyssa ( not rooking up ) okay , who 's next ! a comic book drop on the table in front of she . it 's a comic book call ' Chasing Amy ' . she leaf through it , not look up . alyssa um ... this be not one of mine . oc holden it 's mine . alyssa look up sharply . Holden stand before she , smile . holden I save you one . alyssa hi. holden hi. alyssa ( beat ) how have you be ? holden good . really good . yourself ? alyssa good ( beat ; off she own comic ) New issue 's sell like crazy , for some reason . holden because it 's so good . I really like it . alyssa thank you . ( off comic ) I have not even see this yet . do it just come out ? holden a month ago . I do a really small run . self -finance . only about five hundred issue . alyssa will I enjoy it ? holden you might . it 's familiar subject matter . alyssa leaf through it . her eye get somewhat misty . alyssa look like a very personal story . holden I finally have something personal to say . they look at each other for a beat holden I be go to go . I do not want to hold up the line . alyssa yeah . I mean , it can get ugly . I just see this nun in line call this small child a cunt-rag . holden ( smile ) read that , when you have a minute alyssa I will . holden I would like to hear you thought about it . if you get a chance , give I a call . alyssa okay . they look at each other for a beat . holden Nice see you again , alyssa really nice to see you too . he walk away . a few step away , he turn and wave again . she wave back . and then he start move through the thrall of fan-boys . the woman return with coffee . she follow alyssa 's gaze . woman who be that ? alyssa hmm ! oh . just some guy I know . she watch he go for another beat , then . alyssa ( to line ) next ( to woman ) so what do you want to do tonight ? and as they fall into conversation , the show go on . end