12 - script CUT from black title : fin exterior - LA - day fin of red 1957 chevy impala convertible drive somewhere in the West . a car pass go the other way . title : place : Los Angeles exterior - LA - day Pov drive on freeway in rain . exterior - LA - day people with umbrella stand on corner . exterior - LA - day people with umbrella walk over bridge . exterior - LA - day people walk across downtown intersection with umbrella , bus in background . exterior - LA - day rain and shadow on pavement . exterior - LA - day LA river wide , medium , close . we see graffiti swamp by high water . exterior - LA - day large man walk with umbrella . we hear : thunder music stop first woman I have be here one year and I have live through a earthquake , fire , flood ... second woman the rain ... it just keep come ... the flood ... the hillside be come down ... you can not get to and from work and it 's just a mess . exterior - LA - day people walk against high wind , umbrella reverse . exterior - LA - day family walk in the rain . Children protect by plastic bag . third woman you survive by natural instinct , you go with the flow . sfx : thunder exterior - LA - day woman 's foot step across swollen gutter . music restart exterior - LA river - day prow of buttress in rapid . the rain have stop , only the flood remain . exterior - beach - evening wave break on beach . exterior - ocean - night tanker at night . exterior - airport - night airplane light come on . exterior - ocean - night landing light over water . exterior - airport - night airplane landing at night . sfx jet pass overhead . exterior - LA - night camera pan over the city and over the ocean . exterior - LA - night the pan city light converge with a pass car . exterior - LA - night it be tony , a handsome man in he 30' , drive on melrose . he approach a intersection that be block by a truck . he flash he headlight signal to the truck to move and let he by but the truck stop . tony be stick . exterior - LA - day allen , a stout comedian , at a temp job , answer phone . talk show host ( v.o. ) and we be back with " interpreting you dream . " and I believe we have Allen in Hollywood on line ... 12 . hello Allen ... be you there ? hello ..? allen have the talk show host on hold so he do not hear she . allen okay ...hold on . yeah I will take care of you in a second ... I be transfer you over .. talk show host we be live on the air .... hello ...? allen hello .? yeah okay I have get somebody else on hold ... I be go to transfer you over . it might be a second , just hold on . talk show host ( aside ) I be on hold .. exterior - the big island from above - day the Big Island float in sparkling light . we hear a radio show filter through the small speaker of a old radio . talk show host okay , we be go to have to go ... allen okay , oh doctor . talk show host hello ? exterior - ranch house from above - day we see rooftop of ranch building from high above . we hear the sound of a plane fly overhead . we hear allen be voice . allen be you there ? exterior - ranch house - day the ranch House stand isolate in a dry island valley . the plane pass overhead . talk show host you be live on the air . insert view on radio . we hear allen can I use my real name on the radio ? interior - ranch house - day marie - noel be sit in front of a mirror put on she makeup . she be listen to the broadcast . she pay attention to allen 's dream when he say the word " invisible " . the talk show host speak flatly , angrily . talk show host what be you dream ? allen first of all I be invisible . I see myself look in a mirror . I be have this dream almost every night . marie - noel listen more carefully to the radio . talk show host yes ? view on : a sparkle lake . view on : marie - noel throw bouquet at she wedding . allen and the next thing you know I be get marry . I do not know to whom .... interior - ranch house - day marie - noel look in the mirror again ; the conversation on the radio affirm something she know to be true . talk show host and how long have you be have this dream ? allen like a entire solid month . talk show host uh huh ... exterior - LA harbor - day a truck wipe the frame and we see marie - noel walk along the highway at a leisurely pace . allen then all of a sudden I see myself walk down a road by the harbor .... the talk show host interrupt . we hear a telephone ring . talk show host and how do you feel at this point in the dream ? exterior - LA - night tony , have be stop by the truck , cut down a side street to get around the gridlock . we hear allen 's phone ring . allen can you hold on for one second ... hello . talk show host no , actually we can not ... hello ? interior - office - day allen be try to juggle too many thing at once . he try to transfer income call without lose they . he have the talk show host on hold again . allen yeah , I have get two other line . can you hold a second ? great .... talk show host hello ! Allen from Hollywood ! allen hello ... yeah ... hold on . I can transfer you now . exterior - harbor - day a man fix the tire of a old mercede as marie - noel walk into frame . marie - noel stoops down and look at he face . the man have no awareness of she . she be invisible . talk show host be you there ? hello ? allen hi. hi. sorry . talk show host Allen we do not have the time .... allen sorry .. talk show host Allen we be on the air and you can not put I on hold . allen I be really sorry .... talk show host go on with you dream Allen . allen be I on ? talk show host yes . allen okay . I be walk along the road down by the harbor , and I be invisible , and I go around look at people know that they can not even see I and in this dream ..... interior - car - day marie - noel be now in the car with the driver who fix the flat . the driver cannot see she and marie - noel flick he ear to tease he and test she invisibility . allen ... I ride around with people . I get in they car , I go all over town . interior - office - day allen have rise to a peak in energy . allen I mean here ... this , this , this . talk show host and how do it feel to you ? view on phone : we hear a ring allen can you hold on a second ? note : discontinuity - glass disappear from allen 's Hand . view on allen he turn to a colleague in the office while the talk show host languish on hold . allen I have get two juice commercial . I be like the spokesman for the company now . I get a baske and robbin , and I be on avail for a couple of beer thing that be go on .. we hear another ring . a hand in the foreground pick up a phone . allen go back to the line of the talk show host . colleague hello ... allen Dr. Powell I be back .... exterior - LA - night tony continue he shortcut around the gridlock . his car pass camera in a suburban neighborhood . talk show host I think we be run out of time here Allen . allen sorry to put you on hold .... you see then I get out of the car ... exterior - LA - evening allen walk from he job to he car . allen ... and I walk all day ... exterior - LA - night marie - noel walk down Hollywood Blvd . creature of the night surround she . allen ... and all night . talk show host do not put I on hold ... exterior - LA - night allen walk on a back street . allen no , no , no , no . I be at work . I be at work . talk show host be this a real call ? allen what do you think ? do you think I would make a fake call in the middle of work ? exterior - side STREET LA - night tony turn the corner and head back to melrose toward a point beyond the gridlock . talk show host I be feel very leave out here because you be not tell I how you feel . I be tell you .... exterior - melrose blvd .- night marie - noel walk toward camera as allen enter frame on the leave . allen and marie - noel pass at the corner . neither notice the other . tony pull into the frame at the intersection and marie - noel see tony who do not notice either allen or marie - noel . marie - noel run to tony's convertible car and jump in the back . she ride joyfully as tony speed off . allen and then this really strange thing happen . talk show host what do you do for a live ? allen while I be walk ... I be a actor ... talk show host so in other word you be in limbo in you daily life . allen I be walk , and I see myself walk , but I do not stop , I just keep on walk . talk show host you must be feel invisible in you daily life and it 's come out in you dream . allen I want to know what you think about the dream , let I finish it ! can you hold on a second please ? talk show host you can not put I on hold .... I be sorry but we be go to have to go to Mike in downey on line 13 . thank you very much for call . title : " start here " exterior - LA - sunrise we see a distant mountain silhouett against the morning light . we hear a plane in the distance . the plane be visible as a speck in the frame and fly close to the mountain . the sun rise to the open cadence of : music : mozart symphony 34 # 1 the plane grow more faint as the sun continue to rise . exterior - park - sunrise tony and marie - noel walk across a play field . they look behind they fearfully . music : Evan lurie " deception " tony come on ... marie - noel this be not the way we come . tony yes it be . title : " actor credit " exterior - park - sunrise tony and marie - noel arrive at a park bench . they sit on top of it , rest , wait , then they interrupt each other . tony let 's not . marie - noel let 's not . sorry . tony we will just go home and we will wait it out . marie - noel this place stink ! marie - noel stand up and move to the other side of the bench , she back towards tony . exterior - palace - night brenda walk through the rain toward the door of the concert . wawa guitar burst from the inside through the unopen door . brenda look murderous in she wild hair and hot pants . interior - halloween party tony and marie - noel wander separately around the party as costume hipster sway with the music . two women react in horror as something unseen occur which cause the crowd to panic . a sheep be leave stand in the empty hall . title : " actor credit " exterior - bench in same park - sunrise tony and marie - noel both scratch they ear at the same time . a faint sound of thunder cause tony to look into the distance . they interrupt each other again . tony let 's not . marie - noel you know ..... you know , at this point I be blame it all on bad karma . this be how we die , man . I wish they would just get it over with . music start tony do not give up . I mean nothing have happen to we . she will probably be at the boat wait for we when we get there . exterior - adjacent STREET - sunrise brenda fast walk on a street next to the park . as she approach , she suddenly stop . we hear the sound of rain . it be a clear morning . perplex , she laugh . exterior - park - sunrise tony and marie - noel walk urgently through a wood section of the park . the sound of thunder get louder and louder get closer to they . tony grab marie - noel be arm as the fearful sound pass close to they without incident . exterior - adjacent STREET - sunrise brenda walk past the camera , still perplex by the odd occurrence . exterior - LA - sunrise we see the mountain again and continue to hear the airplane . exterior - west los angele - sunrise the fog be come in . top of building disappear . tony let 's not be naive about the earthquake ... exterior - century CITY from the AIR - sunrise the fog get thicker ... tony it 's a good sign ... view on wilshire blvd ... thick fog. tony that 's what save we . exterior - LA - sunrise we see the silhouette of building from a distance . the sun rise above they . exterior - park - sunrise tony and marie - noel continue to walk urgently through a wood section of the park . marie - noel let I tell you , I have a premonition . I have the worst feel when she say she be go to go up and see the band . exterior - park - day tony and marie - noel walk along , totally engulf in fog . marie - noel what if we get it for not warning she ? there Pov we see a sheep stand beside a tree in the fog . exterior - park - morning through a fog we see a sheep stand next to a tree . marie - noel and tony arrive at the tree . they be horrify . interior - allen' bedroom - morning allen 's phone ring . he wake suddenly and sit up in bed ; he answer machine go on . we hear music : " be my baby " come from a source outside of the bedroom . allen' voice hi this be allen at 969 -8895 . I be not home right now but if you want to leave I a message I will get back to you as soon as you can ... allen listen for a minute . he be not quite awake . title : " actor credit " allen get up and walk to the mirror wait for he long message to end . he look melodramatically at he face . we hear thunder . he pull at he face . he sit back down on he bed wait to see if someone be on the line . allen' voice if it 's important and during the day you can call I at knapp Communications . the number be ( 213 ) 932-1465 . uh , I should be there all day . and if it 's not important and you do not want to call I there leave a message on this machine but do not hang up I really hate that and , uh , that 's it , bye . we hear a beep but no one be on the line . allen 's head hit the pillow and he flash to . clip of scorcese 's mean street . where keitel 's head hit the pillow . allen walk satisfied . scene from allen 's pizza commercial , elbow out . exterior - STREET in front of alan' apartment camera dolly past a pickup truck . the back of the truck be fill with shopping cart . a man be load shopping cart into the truck . as the camera reach the door of the truck we hear the source of the loud music . we see eugene , a homeless man , who have he hand out to the driver of the truck . the truck pull away and eugene look around in confusion . we hear thunder . eugene look at allen 's building . scene from allen 's deodorant commercial , elbow in . back to allen rub he eye title : " director credit " CUT to black silence music : bach : well tempere clavier # 10 Rack focus : moon interior - island - night marie - noel be sit in the dark , smoking a cigarette . marie - noel ( v.o . ) my despair have a strange shape . it do not hurt like something that hurt you body . it 's see the continuity ..... title : marie - noel at about the time of the tragic loss of she half - sister . view on tony , speak to marie - noel . marie - noel ( v.o. ) ..... of something hopeless go on and on year after year ..... view on Los Angeles at night marie - noel ( v.o. ) .... when I close my eye I see the city .... exterior - 24hr gas station - night marie - noel walk aimlessly . marie - noel ( v.o . ) but when I go out all I see be clue and pattern ..... interior - ranch house - day marie - noel write at a old desk . wind blow through a open window . marie - noel ( v.o. ) ...or the endless wait for coincidence . exterior - 24hr gas station - night marie - noel be at a loss . she have exhaust she option . marie - noel event slowly unfold with the possibility that my patience will become accidental waste . view on marie - noel speak to tony . marie - noel but at the same time I see that it 's exactly what put Mom in the position she be always in . tony the first time you feel sexual you see fate all around you ? be that what you want ? marie - noel yes , and I really deserve it . tony I have the feel that that 's dad 's only motive . view of eclipse of the Moon . tony they think we be selfish ... title : tony in the city , filmore on the island . tony they think we should procreate . tony breathes a sigh . interviewer ( v.o. ) so there be two guy and what be they name ? exterior - front yard of allen' house - night allen squint from the bright news camera light . allen not two guy , a girl and a guy . they be related . Marie - Noel that 's she name , not very Greek I know ... interviewer and she be the one you be marry to ? allen yes . interviewer who own this house ? allen I do , I mean we do . music start exterior - los angele - day tony across railroad track . marie - noel ( v.o. ) you stand to lose everything you work for in the last 60 year . the ranch , we inheritance .... exterior - los angele - day tony walk on the sidewalk next to a busy street flipping a coin . marie - noel ( v.o. ) why have you set out to prove everything be here by chance ? exterior - island back country - day marie - noel walk across a grassy field and see a vortex of oak leave swirl under a tree . we see she be suddenly disturb by she own feeling . marie - noel ( v.o. ) I be not too young to know what happen the last time we be find out . you do not act like I be the next to die . exterior - front yard of allen' house - night allen continue he interview . allen it start this way . interviewer so you be a actor ? allen yes . I be a actor . that 's where I meet the guy . interior - elevator - day allen stand inside elevator and tony get in . allen I meet he at a casting call for a commercial ... he say he name be tony . exterior - hollywood - day allen walk along the sidewalk on he way to a casting call . allen I be late ... interior - allen' temp job - day allen talk on the phone wear sunglass . allen so I have to make up a excuse for work .. wider view on allen at work . allen some temp job I be work downtown . view on rainy sky with jet and palm tree . view on LA river . view on people at bus stop . allen it be raining , and there be this flood and everybody be jittery . exterior - front yard of allen' house - night allen continue he interview . allen because something that big in nature do not usually happen around here except a earthquake , or you occasional rare winter snowstorm every ten or twenty year . exterior - against black - night marie - noel speak to tony . marie - noel ( v.o. ) I know why you be so happy all the time . this place be a free lunch . view of tony flipping coin . view of cliff on island . marie - noel ( v.o. ) reality be a refraction from a physical process . the sum of the star be nothing . music build , we hear wind view of tree blow . view of marie - noel write . exterior - los angele - day we pan with a ambulance as it pass . tony walk along flipping coin . walk across crosswalk , he change he direction . come to a intersection . music stop we hear : City street ambiance . tony flip again , see " head " walk on . exterior - Los Angeles - day come to a impasse , give up . music : wolfgang amadeus mozart : concert for piano & orchestra # 20 exterior - front yard of allen' house - night allen continue he interview . title : allen be tabloid interview , at the end , after it be all over . camera man okay , ready to roll . interviewer what 's you name ? allen Allen . interviewer and you be kidnap by alien , do you say ? allen no , no , no , no . I be involved with this woman and this guy . interviewer wait , wait , wait , let I understand this ... you be involved with a goddess ? like a Greek goddess ? allen with a Greek , Zeus , Athena type goddess . interviewer where be she now ? allen she 's like hunt quail in the sierras now . interviewer what ? allen she leave I for dirt . interviewer and be you marry ? allen yeah , we be marry right before .... title : " Allen at about the time the disaster start " interior - allen' apartment build - day allen wait in a empty apartment , tired of life . exterior - allen' build - day tony walk past the building still flipping a coin . interior - allen' build - day we hear a door slam . off screen : allen and artemis ( as august ) walk into live room . august lead the way in , glance into the room on the leave . we hear door slam . off screen. allen and august ( as artemis ) walk into live room . august lead the way in , glance into the bedroom on the leave . allen look around . it 's a 1 bedroom , 1 / 2 bath in the hall and full vanity ... laundry downstairs . august be it quiet ? allen very quiet . where you from ? August stop in leave of frame , turn to allen . august Nashville . allen first time in LA ? august yeah , I just get a " seventeen " cover and everyone say I should come here . allen where be you stay ? august with my aunt . allen do you act ? August approach the camera . she be wear 1 / 2 moon earring . august no , just modeling for now . but I have hear about some really great workshop from my agent . august feel satisfied with what she see as she gaze into the bedroom . allen draw closer . allen I be a actor . tv commercial , some stage . I know just about everybody in town , free advice , come with the rent . august . how much be it ? allen well , the first month 's free . you have get to come up with some kind of security deposit , figure one month and then the last month and that come to half the price publish in the ad . august . ( no response ) allen do that seem like a lot ? august well for Tennessee standard , but I do not know . allen do you know why the apartment 's only half per month of the go rate for this size apartment in Hollywood ? august . no. allen because I sleep here 1 night a week . august look at the bedroom , look in , shocked by what she have just hear . she seem confuse for a moment . she turn and face allen . allen stare at she while block the doorway . she hesitates and make he budge . allen back off and August slowly walk out of the apartment . allen be leave stand alone in the empty apartment . music : bach concerto in D minor exterior - disneyland - day tony walk along the street and see the monorail pass . view on tony as he walk past the Big donut . view on tony as he walk past the theme restaurant at lax . view on tony as he walk past the chinese theater in Hollywood . tony look at people he pass . interior - allen' apartment - day allen in corridor . Allen exit and three people come out of they apartment simultaneously . we hear a telephone exterior - STREET in los angele - day eugene walk along the street . he hear a pay phone ring . Eugene pick it up and hear a voice . voice tony , be you there ? come on ! pick up the phone ! eugene panic and run off . music : guy klucevsek 's " reprieve . " interior - black barbershop - day we pan from the pay phone in the barber shop where a man be on the phone ... voice tony , be you there , tony ! tony ! tony ! ... and find tony at the door look at the coin . it indicate he should go into a barber shop . tony look inside the barber shop and see threaten face . he enter anyway . go up to guy selling soda who take the coin out of tony 's hand and give he a soda . tony be puzzle . dissolve : tony be site in a chair with a cloth wrap up to he neck . the barber look at tony be hair . tony be try to open the can but can not figure it out . tony do you have a church key ? everybody in the barbershop laugh . the barber open the soda for he . barber what will it be ? tony I will ...... thug slowly get up from they chair , drop they magazine , surround tony . guy yeah , what will it be man ? tony look around at the 8 mean face around he . tony I want to cure my passive aggressive personality . from now on when I want something I be go to ask for it . I be go to learn how to be more observant of sign and consider how other people might need clearer signal from I . guy 1 why do not you get a job . that 's what the man say .... guy 2 ... you look good , you would do great in a interview . guy 1 join a group . do something for other people . guy 3 go up and talk to people . see if you have someone in common ... guy 4 do some charity work ... all mingle .. be creative . take chance . take ownership . guy 3 ride the bus .... music : rachmaninoff prelude in G minor op 23 , no.5 interior - office - day a woman sit in the shadow of a government welfare office . brenda this case be a mess . we do not know what be go on with the child . no , no , no , no , no no , the couple be stonewall . nobody have see the child , in what , 15 year . every visit be mark " guardian unavailable " . nobody bother because it 's the island . and get this , the couple , they be not marry . no . they be the step-child of the owner of the island who be now decease ... exterior - catalina express terminal - early morning brenda walk into the terminal . brenda ( continue ) ... I have a sniff writ and I be go out there next week . exterior - off avalon - day the catalina Express pull into the harbor . brenda step onto the prow of the boat let off steam . music : Beethoven violin sonata # 4 D Major view of parasail in avalon harbor exterior - avalon harbor - day the catalina express pull up to the dock . view on the casino , a catalina landmark . we hear the sound of coffee cup . interior - island office - day dave , a oppose Attorney , and toshi , he assistant , meet across the table with tony and he attorney doolittle . doolittle the be you meeting so why do not we get down to business . dave sound fine . doolittle call Boston if you want . I do not think the time change will make any difference nervous look among lawyer . tony be oblivious . dave you name be filmore West , correct ? tony do not answer . doolittle we be request a environmental impact study on the employment angle in avalon . dave be you kid ? any loss in job will be absorb in the Federal tourism franchise . employment will double , property and lease will increase in value . the overall benefit will be stun to the average citizen of avalon . doolittle what if we tell everybody about the national resource here . if you will remember you history gentleman , the civil war be win by the collateral in the treasury create by the California gold rush . we think the government need a big hit of cash right now to cure the deficit . remember what churchill say , a great government never have to face the truth nor pay cash . dave could we have a moment ? doolittle and toshi stand and walk from the table . exterior - avalon dock - daybrenda storm off the boat . music : mendolshon : symphony # 4 in a , op. 90 ( italian ) doolittle we be look very good here . just do not give they anything they can use . do not say anything . interior - island office - day dave and toshi stand and walk to the corner of the room . dave what if we bring up the legality of he impersonate he grandfather . toshi I think we need something stronger . any sexual harassment suit or child abuse . he 's a guardian . exterior - avalon information booth - day brenda enter frame and speak with a officer . brenda hello , I be from the department of human service in LA . I be look for a miss child who may be somewhere on the island . sheridan name ? brenda a Marie - christine West ? her guardian be a Mr. filmore West . interior - inn on mt . ada - day tony and doolittle as they confer . tony I think I know what 's go on here . doolittle good , good , good , good , just do not say anything . exterior - avalon information booth - day brenda continue to speak with the officer . brenda do they have a child with they ? or do they take this child with they ? the officer interrupt brenda . officer they be brat . they be very unpopular around here . they be keep the property value from tripling . brenda great , where can I find they ? sheridan probably France . what would you do if you own all of catalina and anacapa ..? music : Beethoven string quartet # 8 in E minor op.59 # 2 trk # 1 exterior - avalon - day brenda walk , somewhat daze , past the store front of avalon . officer ... all the way to San miguel include the Big Island which have gold deposit and the IRS be look for they ? brenda 's expression change . she become maniacal . interior - inn on mt . ada - day dave and toshi sit down again , ready with a response . doolittle do not say anything . opposing attorney hand tony the document . dave I would like to direct you attention to the signature on this document . doolittle rip the document out of dave be hand . doolittle this be intolerable ! dave one be a reconveyence of a second deed of trust , and the other be you recent letter to we . you would have be 4 year old at the time of the first document . we hear the sound of a small earthquake . all partie loo up and around and it stop . exterior - avalon - day brenda be alarmed at the earthquake . she spin , disorient . interior - inn on mt . ada - day tony have a know look on he face . the earthquake be a good sign . tony you guy believe in fairy tale do not you ? dave we want to know who you be . tony this remind I of the Tempest where the rightful Duke be rob of he kingdom by he evil brother ... toshi be you bear in this country ? tony ... and the evil brother put the good Duke and he daughter out to sea in a small boat to die . and at the end of the story .... doolittle my client be use a figure of speech . dave then where be we go with this , guy ? tony you two be go to jail . doolittle we be say .... you do not have enough money . tony turn to toshi . tony what do you say next ? toshi we be just represent the United States government in a attempt to take what the people have a right to . tony Big brother . Orwell ! no , no , that 's too recent . doolittle the situation be irreversible . doolittle try to keep tony from stand up . dave what be you go to do ? Act it out for we . tony heat up . tony ... and it 's raining and hail and lightning 's strike and you guy think that I be dead , but I be not . I be really back in the big island with my daughter . doolittle put he hand on tony's shoulder to restrain he . tony and you know what we be do . play chess , and have a picnic ! tony stand up to leave and crash into a waiter who trip and spill dish on the floor . music : bach concerto in D minor exterior - avalon harbor - day Tourist boat come and go . interior - avalon clothing ship - day brenda look at a map of the Channel Islands . she see the Big Island . a woman behind the counter come up to she . counter person hi. can I help you ? brenda which way to the Big Island ? the camera tilt up to a map of the Channel island . exterior - the big island - day we pan up to reveal the Big Island in the middle of the Channel . exterior - the big island - day tony 's boat enter the harbor . exterior - the big island - day tony 's boat dock old fishing pier . insert : Water lap over rock . we hear : seagull , then a helicopter approach overhead . exterior - the big island dock - day the ranch hand run to tony be boat to help he unload supplies . view of helicopter pass overhead . tighter view on tony and ranch hand ranch hand you must have sleep a long time . tony I have be sleep a lot lately . ranch hand yeah about 2 year . the ranch hand help tony unload supplies from the boat . tony start walk down the dock with a outboard motor . ranch hand a woman name Reggie swan confirm she will arrive March 4th . she will be stay until September . I get the bunk house all ready for she . the ranch hand go back for a second box as tony continue down the dock . ranch hand there have be quite a few fly - over by the park service . the last 6 month there have be surf on the North point . anyone who can afford a boat have be stream up here like freeway commuter . tony yeah . ranch hand this thing with the surfer have become some sort of a cult . there have be a few entry on the South shore , young man look for marie-noel ... I vacate they immediately . tony uh huh . ranch hand the park service have be on the island almost full time , as expect , and the monk from the monastery arrive for another year . exterior - island shoreline from mountain top - day the sun kick off the water . exterior - bird be eye view of marie - noel' hideout - day the hideout be nestle under eucalyptus tree in a island canyon . music : schubertas winterreise exterior - hideout - day it be a hot sunny day . marie - noel sit in a hammock read . view on book : she be read War and peace . interior - house - day brenda stand inside the house by the window . she hold marie - noel be bow and arrow . she raise it slowly , aim at marie - noel . brenda look angry and possess . brenda's Pov the lethal arrowhead be point at marie - noel be head . closer view on brenda brenda be about to release the arrow when she hear a puppy . brenda's Pov on puppy a cute dalmatian look up at she , long to be pick up . view on brenda brenda put down the bow and arrow to pick up the puppy . as soon as she reach for the puppy ... exterior - island house - day marie - noel put down she read and go into the house . view on brenda ... the puppy skitter away . brenda follow it . exterior - ranch house - day eugene stand outside the ranch house . he stare with a blank expression on he face , as if he do not know what he be do there . interior - ranch house kitchen - day she enter and start look for something miss . the house have become a read library , open book everywhere . there be a gas cooking stove in a rustic kitchen . interior - elsewhere in ranch house - day the puppy run through the house . interior - ranch house kitchen - day marie - noel continue she search , we see a crude sleep area , a office , a couch and a fireplace . she be a visitor . she life out of suitcase . view on door the puppy run out the door and brenda follow . interior - ranch house - day marie - noel continue she search in the dining room . she look under the table , on the mantle . exterior - ranch house - doorstep eugene enter the house with a heavy step . interior - ranch house - day marie - noel continue she search in tony 's office . she sit down a desk and rummages through it . interior - ranch house - day eugene walk through the house . interior - ranch house - day marie - noel can not find what she be look for on the messy write desk , or in the drawer . she hear a car horn and bolt out of frame . interior - kitchen - day marie - noel run into the kitchen and see the sheep . marie - noel where have you be . he 's here . marie - noel open the door for tony who be still wear he suit and carry food in a cardboard box . the sheep look up at he . he turn to marie - noel and hand she a dress box . marie - noel dress ? tony more in the boat . marie - noel book ? tony likewise . marie - noel how be LA ? tony a dry hole . exterior - ranch house - day eugene run away from the house . interior - kitchen - day tony sit down and stack package of pop tart in front of he . he open a package and start eat voraciously . the sheep be stand next to he and he stroke it . marie - noel sit down and start read the LA time . she look up . marie - noel why do you let the animal go ? here 's a story about animal that cause erosion on the Channel Islands . we do not need any more attention right now . tony I scattered they for they own protection . and it do not bother I because any animal , no matter where it start , turn out the same . tony eat pop tart . marie - noel do you remember see my moon earring anywhere have you ? tony the one you be wear the night ..... marie - noel the night of the great unpleasantness ? marie - noel get up and start look for something in the kitchen drawer . tony see War and peace on the kitchen table . tony be there anything about Halloween in Edgar Allen poe ? marie - noel sit up and stop the conversation . music start : heavy rock flash back : Halloween concert . view on audience Dancing .. the show on stage .. image of death .. View on sheep in fog . music stop marie - noel ok , let 's just stop talk about it .... tony I guess it 's about time . it be start to bug I . view on marie - noel she think about the night they lose marie - christine . music : bach unaccompany cello suite - suite # 2 prelude S 1008 marie - noel ( v.o. ) 20 November , the mirror never reflect my despair , just water run in the sink . music stop view on tony be hand open up pop tart . tony look at she . tony you can stop live out of suitcase and fix the place up ? marie - noel oh , and you can go and enjoy you life in LA . tony what 's that suppose to mean ? marie - noel you get to come and go as you please and I be stick here in this dirty hideout . tony I be in the same situation you be . move or sit still be the same thing , they be everywhere . marie - noel what about the government ? tony I think we can stall the government until the next gubernatorial election . marie - noel forget it . she think about herself and she own dilemma . music : bach unaccompany cello suite - suite # 2 prelude S 1008 marie - noel ( v.o . ) if my dilemma be the dilemma of art , what would the art character do ? music stop marie - noel start look under book . tony if anything happen to I you should take the train East ... tony point East . tony ... we both come from the West . I think we will be head that way . marie - noel well , you will be all set up in LA if anything happen to I . he pause and do not answer right away . tony we have have a good life . we have be lucky . all this extra year be for storey . there 's nothing leave to do except to see how we fit into they . marie - noel become silent and distract , digging in a drawer . marie - noel you know , I have look everywhere . there be no reference to two people leave a Halloween party anywhere in western , Eastern , sumerian , or comic book literature . tony I think we be go to drop that . marie - noel what be you mother 's favorite book ? tony how should I know ? marie - noel we both should have write this thing down . that 's why I have a diary now . marie - noel look at tony in the eye . tony you will know what to do when the time come . marie - noel I protest in advance any role where I be resolve as ineffective , irrelevant , marginal , unable to influence , yet always influence and , in short , any role where I be victimize by circumstance . this be my politics and someone 's go to have to deal with they . tony good . exterior - ranch house - day the house stand in the afternoon light . music : ravel string quartet in F interior - ranch house - day marie - noel sit at the write desk . Light and a warm breeze come in the window . marie - noel ( v.o. ) 16 , November . you ask I to remember the time before I come here . I remember a shipwreck and a storm that wash out all the road . interior - ranch house - day marie - noel stand at the doorway in a beautiful dress , eye close . marie - noel ( v.o. ) I remember a dream from my childhood . in the dream a prince come from the sea ... exterior - pier - day tony walk toward he boat . marie - noel ( v.o. ) ... and life with I and my old father . there be England , .. interior - old mining camp - day marie - noel write in she diary on a old sink . marie - noel ( v.o. ) ... back stage with my mother all that year while I grow so slowly . France , India ... exterior - island - day tony be boat steam out to sea . marie - noel ( v.o ) french indochina ... view of ocean with cacti . marie - noel ( v.o ) then here ... beside the arbitrary sea . music : vierne : finale from symphony # 1 exterior - mountainside - day brenda try to catch the puppy but it get away from she . she realize she have be trick and stand up , angry at zeus . we start to pan and cut to .. interior - restroom in avalon - day brenda have same expression look in a mirror . she realize that something be wrong . she see that she fingernails be paint dark red , she hair be puffed out and frightful , she have dark makeup on lip and eye . she try to remove the makeup and nail polish and pull herself together . she realize that she be in the Men 's room . exterior - avalon - day brenda , have correct herself , walk toward the boat go back to the mainland . exterior - another part of the harbor - day reggie stand forget at the end of the dock , surround by a very floral luggage . music : bach toccata in D major title : " 2 year later " music : bach toccata in D Major title : " 2 year later " exterior - allen' build - day Morning light . interior - allen' build - day allen asleep on couch . he have gain 50 pound . there be empty beer can and empty pizza box on the floor . a woman unlock the door and we follow she into the apartment . she be tired from a business trip . she see allen . woman what be you do in my apartment ? what be you do here ? allen wake up , startle , rub he eye . woman and who 's pizza be this ? Excuse I ! allen calm down . we be not expect you for a while , we have the exterminator come in like you request ... woman oh you do ? H. tom appear from the next room , groggy . woman and who the hell be this ? allen ( aside to H. tom ) take this stuff out for she . H. tom start frantically collect the garbage . woman you have get pizza in my place ... you be lie here . who 's clothes be this ? allen pick up he bag of thing . H. tom finish he cleanup . allen there 's no pizza here ; there 's no clothes here . woman you have no permission to come into my place . a guy sleep in my bedroom , sleep on my couch . allen I be go to request to the board that you perhaps should be kick out for you bad sculpture . allen and H. tom exit . woman oh you be ? get the hell out of here . what kind of manager be you anyway ? the woman slam the door and shake she head in amazement . music : arne mellnas transparence exterior - aunt debbie' house - day a green cab pull up in front of a garish encino home . julienne get out , dress plainly , with one suitcase . the cab leave and she give a skeptical once over to the house . she be about to begin she new life . be this it ? she walk up the pathway to the door and notice a great quantity of mushroom grow on the front lawn . she step over the flower , kneel down and pick up one of the mushroom . she look at it and wonder . view of SUN a partial eclipse be in progress . exterior - hollywood - day we see aunt debbie take she daily constitutional on Hollywood Blvd . she be wear a blue and white terry cloth jump suit and tennis shoe . she be fast walk through obstacle before she on the sidewalk . she be a determine and physically fit 65 year old . music : dvorzak cello concerto in B minor op 104 exterior - LA - day the camera pan from aunt debbie to allen to H. tom who all converge at the same street corner . allen hi , aunt Debbie ? aunt debbie what 's that on you face ? allen finger he unshaven face . aunt debbie do you move that refrigerator to my new building ? allen yes . aunt debbie liar . you car do not work . flashback : allen and H. tom stand next to allen be break down car . aunt debbie who 's this ? H. tom I be he assistant mar 'am . allen shut up ! flashback : H. tom shave in a park fountain surround by homeless people . aunt debbie do he pay rent ? H. tom no mar 'am . when I find a job I be go to pay rent . allen he pick up my residual check and he 's a really good plumber . aunt debbie do you steal another car from a tourist ? flashback : two japanese tourist admire a star on Hollywood Blvd. as allen and H. tom make off with they car . H. tom no mar 'am . allen shut up ! ( to aunt debbie ) no we do not . aunt debbie that refrigerator , do you strap it on top of the car ? flashback : the steal car roll through and intersection with the refrigerator strapped to the top . allen no ! aunt debbie and then do you ditch they car ? flashback : from above , allen and H. tom remove the refrigerator from the top of the rental car . H. tom no mar 'am . the car be tow ... allen shut up ! allen push H. tom . aunt debbie so you fake homelessness and begge for free chicken . flashback : allen and H. tom stand at the window of a fast food stand fake homelessness . allen have will work for food write on he stomach . allen what be you say aunt Debbie ? aunt debbie the refrigerator be all scrape up and have no freon . and you smell rancid . and why be you so fat ! aunt debbie exit , allen know she be not finish and count .. allen one , two , three .. aunt debbie you cousin just arrive . when you see she , be sociable ! debbie finally exit . allen you know I have be have this dream lately where my mother find I float down the river in a little wicker basket and it turn out that ( shout in the direction of aunt debbie ) I be not related to you ! music : JOHN adam " fearful symmetries " exterior - LA - day tony continue he search , flipping a coin to indicate the direction he should search . he tire of this and turn around , walk aimless around LA . exterior - bus bench - day tony sit on a bench talk to several people . they be annoyed and walk away . a weird man with a odd head dress sit next to tony . tony get up and leave . exterior - LA - day tony walk off and walk into a line of worker carry 2x4 . he duck and almost get decapitate , take refuge at a bus bench . a musician be sit on the far end of the bus bench read . tony do you have the time ? musician 2:30 . tony do you mind if I ask you a question ? musician yes . tony why be you she right now ? musician what ? tony why do you come up just this minute ? musician I be go to work , man . tony be this the bus you always take ? musician no , I be late . tony you be late ! why be you late ? musician I oversleep , man . tony nothing cause you to be late ? musician I be just sit here wait for the bus . what 's the big deal ? do you have to talk to I ? the musician get up in frustration and leave . tony exit frame in foreground . a runaway car careen into the bench go backwards and destroy the bench where they just sit . view a Tire roll up the hill propel by the crash . tony and the man re-enter frame . exterior - bus bench - as before the car have a roof rack with a bike on it . a man run up the car hold a bicycle tire . tony and the man look at the damage . the man despair . car man oh my god ! I can not fuck believe this ! my car must have pop out of park ! it could have hit you . oh my god , I can not believe this ...800 buck ... oh my god ! tony run in panic . music : guy klucevsek " reprieve " view on tony the tire do not fall from its own weight , it start roll back down the hill . car man call 911 ! exterior - STREET - day tony run down the street and notice that the wheel start chase he . tony run down the hill try to escape from the runaway tire . view on tony look inside the truck . camera follow tony in . he look back in terror . tony's Pov the tire gain on the truck .. sequence : the truck stop for a cat . the door shut . the light cross tony 's face and go black . sfx Doors lock the Rolling tire innocently hit the truck and get stick . a purring cat walk away from the truck . music : guy klucevsek " loosen up the Queen " exterior - downtown LA - day truck move along freeway head across town . exterior - park - day allen and H. tom sit eat they " begge for " chicken . allen I have a genius iq . my parent would have kill if I go into business . they would love it . music : bach suite # 2 S. 1008 allen if they be alive , you know what I would tell they ? I would tell they I be a temp in a insurance company . H. tom if you assign everything to infantile motive , life become boring . you religion only explain you sex life . allen you be not listen . I do not want to be poor . but it 's not like I be do some I gotta starve thing here . if I have enough money I would be happy . H. tom and then again you may be right , for all the wrong reason . twenty year in the mind be unfortunately not twenty year in the body and it get worse and worse as you go . allen not I . I keep my nut real low . basically I live off my relative . you know ? free rent . all the chick I can pluck from my aunt 's building . all I need be one national commercial a year and I can live like a king . H. tom thing be stranger in other place . allen where do you get this thing you say , man . be you still on acid ? H. tom I just say thing that come into my head , because they be more enjoyable than my own thought . we pull back to reveal allen and H. tom eat lunch under a monument to the F - 104 . exterior - aunt debbie' backyard - day julienne be sit at a table in the sun , balance she check book . she notice that the amount of one check , # 1527 , be the same as the number of the check . music : tahitian choir segue to : music : A. corelli concerto VII segue to : music : prokofiev Romeo and juliette julienne look up and aunt debbie pass in front of she . julienne there 's two choice for I right now . I be either pregnant or feel a false pregnancy . the first one be impossible . aunt debbie be you try to tell you mother that you be knock up ? julienne incredible weather we be have . aunt debbie I hate it because it make my skin dry , especially my private part . julienne in Maine , it 's be freeze for two month . aunt debbie why be you here anyway ? julienne to take care of you . I think that give it all up and take care of my old mother would be the simple life possible . what you be tell I about my cousin Allen be upsetting . aunt debbie criminy .... you sure feel sorry for yourself . julienne damn right ! I do not come here to get draw into slum-lord . what do you get into mom ? aunt debbie like to change the subject mid sentence , and wander freely the world of denigration . aunt debbie my dear husband , bless he soul the bastard . ( with a twinkle in she eye ) he be very good to I .. julienne you always say that ..... aunt debbie it be my idea , not he ! now you be cousin Allen be the bastard . julienne look mom , I come out here because I need to . I have go through a time with so many regret . I get ostentatious and solemn and I hate myself , and anyone who behave the same way . Independence work better alone . I be a girl Shane , you know the gunfighter who hang up he gun . aunt debbie you do not give they enough sex , that 's you own fault . julienne too many people in my past have be hurt , and all of they name tony . aunt debbie have you see all this mushroom around the house ? julienne fato profungus ... I believe they be call . aunt debbie you would know that . but do not eat they . Mrs. Johnson up the street say they make you horny . and when be you go to learn to drive ? julienne probably never . I like walk . exterior - the valley - day julienne walk along ventura Blvd . look at store front . exterior - LA - day tony walk in garment district . exterior - the valley - day julienne walk along the street in front of a home with a motor home park in front of it . exterior - another part of LA tony walk on Hollywood Blvd. , look for clue in people 's face . music : guy klucevsek " Blue window " exterior - forest lawn - day we pull back from a " help want " sign as the truck pull into the driveway of the cemetery . exterior - mortuary - day two guy open the back of the truck and we see tony stand in a trance in the back of the truck . interior - mortuary office - day the mortician sit down at he desk to interview tony . mortician and what qualify you for this job ? tony well , what be the job ? mortician State privacy law require that we watch over we guest day and night from the minute they arrive to the day of the funeral . tony you mean the body ? mortician yes . you be the body watcher . tony oh . the body watcher . mortician well , do you have any question ? tony oh , no . mortician I have a few question , if you do not mind . tony okay . mortician for example , why do you want this job ? tony I want to meet people . mortician Dead people ? tony no , no . if I work at night I will meet people during the day . see , I do not sleep much at night . mortician you have two life ? I have two life . I have always want to be a stand up comic . do you mind if I show you some of my material ? tony go ahead . mortician a man say to he doctor he can not remember thing from one minute to the next the doctor say , " how long have this be go on ? " the man say , " how long have what be go on ? " tony laugh . tony that 's good . interior - morgue - night tony read . music : " frascilita " from Lisa germano " geek the girl " several angle . time pass . view on clock 12 Midnight . 2 am. 4 am . tony put down the book and open a refrigerator door and slide out a body . the body be in a bag . he lift the body onto a cart and roll it under a light . he zip open the bag and look inside . he raise a pale arm of the dead person and the arm slowly fall out of frame . tony look for a knife on the work table and look at the first knife , it be too small . the pick up a second knife , it be too large . he reach for a third knife , just right . he take a deep breath and start saw open the dead body . exterior - mortuary - night the mortician hurry to the door of the mortuary have forget something at work . interior - morgue - night when he have the stomach open he put down the knife and scoops up the entrail of the dead body with two hand and hold they up in front of the camera . he saw the entrail loose and throw they on to the floor . the entrail splatter on the cold tile . tony kneel over to examine they . view on door . the mortician come through the door , see what tony be do and be shocked . music stop mortician what be you do ? you deprave person ! be that a client ? get out of here ! tony number 12 . mortician Mr. Peterson ? tony I dunno ... not yet . I see something here ! mortician I do not care what you see . get out . tony leave . the mortician look at the mess , horrify . exterior - the valley - night julienne walk past a drug store and decide to go in . source music : " Green tambourine " the lemon piper interior - pharmacy - night pan be read a pornographic magazine . he be tapped on the shoulder by herme , a young man with a light beard . pan oh hi . herme we need to talk . pan ok . julienne enter the frame and start up a aisle . in another part of the store : pan I have be live quietly by myself , except for the moon - light orgy and I scoring twice a day . herme dad want to talk to you ... because you be family . pan Hermes , I will pay you if you get I back into the organization . I have get this new pornography you have to see ... herme direct pan be attention toward tony , who appear behind they . tony head down the same aisle as julienne . herme smile . view on tony pan his mother be jefferson 's mistress . herme we should help he . pan no. eros , a small child with a toy bow and arrow , shoot a arrow at julienne . it hit she and she pick it up . she look around and do not see where it come from . pan he life on my island . there will always be as many demigod as there be minor poet . there be too many of they . they have good life . they do not need any help . tony approach julienne . julienne approach tony . she see tony and smile . julienne God I have a headache . do you know the best thing for headache ? tony be that why you come here just now ? julienne ... most people go to the vegetable section , I come here because I believe in headache .... Men who be worth anything always have headache .. julienne pause , a little embarrassed . a woman come up behind they but do not pay any attention to they . tony I walk to get rid of my headache .... julienne I think so . everything 's ok here as long as you be name be not tony . tony ok . view on pan and herme pan should we screw thing up ? view on tony and julienne julienne it 's a challenge life put before I overcome my tony karma . Men want blond and good breast . woman with breast always do well . they also like tomboy . they trust tomboy . they consider they honorable and would never have sex with they unless the tomboy ask ? view on pan and herme herme no , do not . pan yell at the top of he lung . herme be throw backward into a closet . view on Gas come from a break pipe . interior view on tony and julienne we hear a alarm . a woman come up to tony in a state of fright . woman there 's gas leak . get out . tony start to run out of the store pull julienne by the hand . he look back and see a frail old woman who do not understand the danger . tony want to go back . tony ( to julienne ) I will meet you outside . tony go back to help the old woman . tony come on . there 's a gas leak . tony try to pull she . old woman do not touch I ... manager ! exterior - store - night the store explode and burn . exterior - store - night julienne interview in front of the store by a camera crew . flaming store behind . julienne a nice young man pull I out and then go back in to save someone .. and then there be this explosion interior - debbie' house - night allen and H. tom be listen to the broadcast . aunt debbie why do not you get a temp job . I can not pay you any more money . the phone ring . allen answer the phone . allen hello ( to aunt debbie ) do you know a tony . aunt debbie wrong number . they keep ask for tony . look it 's you cousin ! view on television julienne then the store blow up . debbie she could have die . allen Holy shit , that 's my cousin ? exterior - downtown - day tony walk down a street shaking a aerosol can . music : Johann sebastian bach - double concerto for 2 violin bwv 1043 , largo ma non tanto he stop at a corner , shake the can , and start spraying silly string into the street . as he do this , we hear : a car alarm go off across the street . we see a black range rover . tony raise the can to spray again and spray . the can emit a squiggly spray and the sound from the car across the street match the silly string 's oscillation . tony put the can down in astonishment . music : wolfgang amadeus mozart - concerto for piano & orchestra # 20 kv 466 eugene stop and watch tony . tony look at eugene and slide away from he dangerous gaze . exterior - allen' build - day two man walk up to a black Range Rover then turn and walk toward allen be building . exterior - LA - day the wind blow . a tree fall . as it fall its branch brush on a street sign for greentree ST . the sign become graintree . interior - allen' apartment - day allen pace . allen hear a knock at the door . allen go to the door . two thug burst in , push allen to the floor , gun to he head . son where 's the money greg ? allen my name be not greg , my name be Allen . father maybe he be not greg . they say he be a big guy . son where 's the money greg ? allen I do not know what you be talk about . son be you allergic to pain ? son pull out a gun . son where be the money greg ? father what 's with the gun ? I say no gun ? allen take my wallet on the coffee table . there 's $ 1200 in rent receipt in the kitchen drawer ! son be that you black Range Rover park outside ? allen I do not have any black Range Rover . father be this 6600 graintree ? allen greentree ! son what ? allen greentree ! son let 's pop he . he know a lot now . father come on . he do not know anything . son ( aim gun ) father come on . we be sorry . have a good day . father pull son away and they leave , allen get up . allen you guy do sloppy work . a desk lamp and the light bulb pop . it startles he . exterior - the big island - day ominous cloud cast shadow on roily sea . music : Brian eno - another GREEN world " spirit drifting " exterior - sky - day Cloud part and light shine through . radio the New York Daily news say .. 1200 people interior patio - ranch house - day marie - nel listen to the radio . she be wear a black wig . she apply lipstick . radio will be return .. tomorrow .. because you blow it ... you be absolutely right .. angle on radio marie - nel be turn the dial randomly . radio and what 's go to happen ?..to the personality of you dog ... and do not forget .. we child 's future .. please .. because force will gather ... to take you away ... close up on marie - nel she hear something she think be interesting . radio ... from the island . then the radio become unintelligible . she turn the dial and only hear static . we hear phone ringing . interior - allen be room - day allen sit in he easy chair and answer the phone . allen hello ? would not you know it , the phone do not ring all day and it 's you . exterior - LA - day view on rain cloud above sunny house on highland Blvd . radio matrix lactating .... allen you notice something on the way home .. exterior - downtown LA - day tony walk along the street flipping a coin . radio ... etched droplet . allen convertible with young bleach blond , mom in back ... exterior - the valley - day julienne walk on ventura Blvd . allen ..mom in back ... angle on marie - nel she dab he finger into the color purple on she color palette . radio heroic mall face darling .. hasty scotch precede flick ... angle on allen allen Young dad with ponytail drive , baby shotgun , back from beach ... view on SUN go behind cloud . radio normal cantilever ... view on ocean . radio ... short of awe ... view on allen sit in a curb at night , headlight blind he . allen ( v.o. ) give style to sunset Blvd . view on marie noel . she dab makeup and make a mess . l'art san past ... view on old man walk he cat in the wilshire district . allen ( v.o. ) at sunset the car move home one by one .. radio ... find freckle ... view on julienne walk on ventura Blvd . allen ( v.o. ) and the stage float to meet the warm light view on tony walk on downtown . radio talented ... heady slap ... allen ( v.o. ) my time be mine again . view on allen drink glass of water on he balcony . radio slap , talented , heady ... music : ludwig van Beethoven - piano concerto # 8 in C minor , op. 13 " pathetique " view on allen rapidly wiggling he eyebrow . high shot of San miguel Island . music : Brian eno - another GREEN world " spirit drifting " radio ... break on not find form ... view on marie - nel apply color to she eye from color palette . radio ditch glue ... laughter pull orion ... wrist on loan ... tony walk by tall poplar in the Valley on mulholland drive . radio ... bow to & clean ... view on mountain field of flower . view on plane in landing pattern . view on tony 's Pov walk on melrose . view on allen hang up the phone . view on marie - nel put on she makeup faster . view on earthquake damage building . view on 3 people come out of door simultaneously . radio secret cycle from ... the obvious ... lodge style hawk from home ... searing material lush as trash ... view of the thiele twin music : ludwig van Beethoven - piano concerto # 8 in C minor , op. 13 " pathetique " view on mn put on she makeup faster , and faster till it be a even bigger mess . view of downtown LA in a windstorm . view of the Santa monica Bay at sunrise . radio foot lift heavy ball ... to shoulder in backward world ... lovely cart ... lucky ... faucet of distant lake ... bad swath forever poor ... marie - nel pull off she black wig . she look off camera as if she hear something . exterior - LA - morning Close on pre-sunrise LA . earthquake shake the building as sun rise . we hear the sound of a helicopter . view on LA . a moon rise in eclipse . music : haydn string quartet op 76 , allegro con Spirito exterior - LA STREET - night two car pass in the night go opposite direction . music : haydn - string quartet : " sunrise " exterior - LA googie restaurant - night tony sit in a all night restaurant late at night . he eat like a horse , 10 entree in front of he . we hear : a jet landing music : identify tony look out the window and see a total eclipse of the moon . view on jet landing view on landing light on water exterior - hollywood STREET - night tony walk along the sidewalk in the middle of the night . eugene stop tony . tony avoid he , but eugene head he off . music :? eugene have a light ? tony I do not smoke . Eugene , stand in front of tony , search in he pocket and find a lighter , then a book and then some string . tony look at the eugene 's face and eye . eugene hand tony the book . tony look at the book then eugene find a cigarette . the lighter will not light . the man realize he be impose on tony and try to get the book back while hold the cigarette in he hand . eugene give tony the lighter and take back the book . the priority be he smoking triumph and tony end up lighting he up . the lighter shoot up in a big flame to tony be surprise . tony can not turn off the lighter . there be a power outage ..... exterior - hollywood - night a power outage darken a large rectangle in the middle of a grid of city light . SOUND : car alarm , house alarm exterior - hollywood STREET - night camera drift to tony be face . eugene grab the lighter from tony and walk off into the dark . music : Johann sebastian bach - suite # 25 in a minor exterior - same position - day rain streak from tony be face . tony be same stand position as night before . Men wear suit like tony be be stand at the door . it be raining . the camera push in and tony come to . the door open and the actor go in after applaud for tony , think that he be a live statue . tony follow they in the door . we see a sign that say " caste . " exterior - hollywood - day allen walk in a hurry down a Hollywood street . barry , allen' agent , get out of he car and approach allen . allen hey Barry , what be you do here ? barry I be go to see my daughter 's dance class . be not I allow to have a life ? allen that 's fine you never see you agent anywhere . it 's kind of weird . barry I have hear that before . allen give agent a thirsty look . barry do you want this ? barry hand allen a Coke . barry 16 table spoon of sugar . fat be funny . better you than I . allen do you wipe it ? allen burp . barry I always know you be a very talented man . allen you know Barry , when I be grow up in Maine my neighbor would say : oh you be go to Hollywood to be a star , huh , that be pretty embarrassing , would not you say ? you be just like they . barry what ? moi ? allen it be not very nice . barry what have not I do for you lately allen you be always so fuck condescending . barry what be you talk condescending , what be you say ? allen leave frame , barry follow . exterior - casting build - day there be a thunder clap and tony and barry run for cover . barry start go in the door . barry see you Allen . be not you go in the actor 's entrance ? allen they always bring we in the back door here but I be go in the front today . interior - lobby - day allen and barry enter the lobby of the building . allen you know I have add up all the time my commercial have run on television and I be already way do with my 15 minute of fame . allen start to get into the elevator . barry should I take that personally ? allen take it how ever you would like . barry you know what ? I be go to take the step . I do not feel comfortable in this elevator . allen be this about I ? barry no . I just do not like elevator . you know what and elevator be . it 's a coffin . if it ever stop . do you know that ? the cable be weak , and it stop , there 's no air . allen Barry ! barry if there be a earthquake you know what would happen ? allen Barry ! barry ... you would be dead . allen Barry ! barry I would rather walk and have thigh . allen Barry ! allen finally interrupt he and hand he back the pepsi . allen I will call you at the office later . oh oh oh ! I be scared . the elevator door close . interior - elevator - day allen tease barry one more time . allen open the elevator door ... allen oh Barry , I almost forget ... ... and tony stand at the door wait to get in . tony enter and settles in for the ride . allen you be a pussy Barry . ( to tony ) caste ? tony sure . allen react to tony's lack of determination . the elevator start to rise . effect : EARTHQUAKE allen oh my god it 's a earthquake . tony it 's all right . allen barry !!!! tony it will be over soon . allen be we under anything structural ? get in a door jam . allen huddle next to tony in the elevator door and the shaking increase . allen do you smell gas ? the light go on and off in the middle of the tumult . tony what ? allen we be go to die . barrrrrrry ! exterior - STREET - day heavy chunks of plaster and brick hit the pavement . allen and tony aahhhhhhhh ! view of los angele news coverage of EARTHQUAKE : damage car , freeway , collapse apartment and parking structure , buckle freeway .... music : bocherini - concerto in G Major announcer montage ( v.o. ) 6.6 officially if you have be sleep all morning . 6.6 it be feel from San Diego to Las Vegas to modesto . it be center exactly under in northridge and it be a unnamed fault ... we be in granada Hills and the power be still out ... sadly there be three death report in the Santa clarita Valley area . the force blow out storefront window , there be landslide in Pacific palisade leave car cake in mud . rupture gas line buckle the road . the Santa monica freeway collapse near La cieniega . a apartment complex on 14th and Idaho explode . one house topple down a hill . we tilt up from a collapse storefront and see a partial eclipse of the sun . exterior - hollywood - day a homeless woman and she daughter stand in front of a board up storefront . homeless woman after the earthquake be all over we go down to the lobby and sad down in the lobby of the building ... exterior - LA - day we see a building where a wall have fall off expose the content of a hotel room ... break window ... fall brick ... crack in wall ... more fall facade . homeless woman ... until the sun come up . and then we go off to we room to see if there be any damage , it be pretty bad . it be quiet , there be not anybody drive , there be people just wander around , you know we walk out and we look and we see the crack ..... and you know down the street over here beside the building be off , a big bell tower up the street be tilt halfway down , it be sort of scary ...... exterior - STREET - day the camera dolly past a damage car in a alley . we reach a door block by rubble . tony and allen emerge . homeless woman ... and you know down the street over here beside the building be off , a big bell tower up the street be tilt halfway down , it be sort of scary ...... tony what a beautiful day for a earthquake . allen I have go to check my building . I have get to turn the gas off . we do not have any earthquake kit . where 's you car ? tony I do not own a car . I walk . allen you walk ? tony yeah I walk . allen where do you live ? tony out of town . allen where out of town .... like New York out of town , Texas out of town ? tony a couple of hour out of town . allen like Palm Springs out of town ? tony yeah , like Palm Springs out of town . tony walk away . allen and you do not have a car ? music : exterior - vine STREET from above - day tony and allen they way across the road . exterior - EARTHQUAKE damaged STREET - day tony and allen walk along together and meet a deranged woman . she be very big and sexy . but she be . deranged woman there 's no love in the world ! I miss my friend more than any thing that 's ever happen to I . she have favorite of course . she appraoch allen . the woman have become sexier talk to allen . tony interrupt . tony this make I happy to know . we I have to go now . deranged woman you you self may know someone she like . she work allen up . tony loser . you be such a loser . you have terrible taste in clothes ! all you taste be in you friggin ' mouth ! the woman flee . allen be amaze . allen what be you do ? tony you do not want to have anything to do with she . allen I beg to differ . be that tricycle list . this never happen to I during the day . exterior - allen' build - day people hold household item pass they . people be move out . exterior - allen' build we hear panic , chaos . interior - allen' build - day we pick up julienne with a group of people move thing out . one of they hold a zebra head . julienne come from a storage room . she be hold a nice lamp and a box of picture . julienne forget something and go back . a picture drop on the floor . it be a picture of allen and julienne and aunt debbie interior - allen' build - day allen and tony enter the building . they work they way through the crowd in the hall toward allen' apartment . the tenant hold personal item . they be angry at allen . allen why be you move out ? fleeing tenant this place be condemn . no use of pay you any more rent . allen do not think you be go to get you security deposit back . allen stop at he door and try to open it . it will not budge . tony hear something upstairs and start up the stair . the group with the zebra head pass he come down the stair . voice watch out for the floor up there , it 's weak . tony ok . tony and julienne meet at the top of the stair . julienne be visibly prettier . julienne I think you be dead ? tony I survive . julienne we have to start meeting like this . charm look form tony . his eye lock with julienne 's . she lean over for a kiss . the camera move toward he . tony step forward to kiss and suddenly .... tony fall straight down out of frame . interior - storage room tony turn and fall into a room . he end up in a dusty room . he look up , unable to get out , he slowly drift into a trance . view on allen' apartment allen force open the door to he apartment and see that everything be on the floor and break . he pick up he coat and a few valuable and leave . allen come back out look for tony . allen see julienne . allen what be you do here ? julienne someone 's fall in the floor upstairs . allen do not worry about it .. just a dead beat . we have to get out of here there 's go be a aftershock . allen hurry she out of the building . there be a aftershock . we hear scream . tenant's voice who check the gas main , asshole ! music : dvorak - cello concerto # 14 in B minor op 104 adagio interior - storage tony stand in the room in a trance exterior - allan' apartment - day the camera tilt down and we see that the building be condemn . a chain link fence prevent squatter from move in . interior - wrecked build - day tony wander in abandon building . he pick up a picture from the floor . he see allen and julienne stand together . interior - avalon office - day tony and tony's lawyer stand in front of a open window . jim the government have flip -flopped in maybe two or three year the problem will come up again but it least it give we some breathe room . tony I be think about start over in LA . I like it there , I have meet some people I like . I be happy for the the first time in year . jim I know you would be in spite of all the damage . tony how much ? jim all interior road be out . Raymond 's barn fall down . there 's no power except from generator on the big island tony have you hear from Marie - nel ? jim no . we fly over and there 's no damage to any structure , but she radio be out . tony I think I should get up there . exterior - island - day we see the big island float in a sea of reflect light . exterior - island - day tony walk from he boat on the pier toward the ranch house . music : dvorzak - cello concerto # 17 in B minor op 104 adagio exterior - zodiac - near island - day guy on boat hear thunder . they stop and look around , hear it and be perplex as it diminish . ANTHONY stop the engine . listen . they all hear thunder . antony plunge overboard with he board and pack and start paddle . the zodiac pull next to he . ANTHONY I will be all right . pick I up on Sunday . the zodiac speed off . first surfer what 's with Anthony ? he really do it . he 's crazy . second surfer we will pick he up on the way back . first surfer do he really think some chick life on that island ? first surfer I guess so . exterior - island plateau marie - nel walk up hill next to water , hunt with a bow . marie - nel hear thunder music : rene du pere " saltimbanco " exterior - island plateau marie - nel climb a hill , hearing thunder . she stalk through grass . we see boar 's eye . she appear from behind a bush slow Mo of wide shot marie - nel pick up note and read it . ( flash forward ) just a clip of the paper fall . return to MAIN action she take she stance . flash forward marie - nel read the note , tearfully . marie - christine ( v.o. ) happy 18th . you be not aging well , but I should not mention that on you birthday should I ? I could not think of a better way to surprise you than to hide this in plain sight . here 's a treasure map to you birthday present , some thing that may help you when you want to leave home . if I be go when you read this , then I be right , and I be not go with you . good luck . Love you . you sister . Marie christine . music : bach harpsichord sequence ANTHONY paddle toward shore . marie - nel cries . ANTHONY paddle toward shore get turn away by cliff . marie - nel sit with letter overlook sea . exterior - island plateau - sunset marie - nel read letter . view on island shoreline ANTHONY paddle toward rock . marie - nel cry . ANTHONY pull himself out of the water and stand in the sun . marie - nel swatting away precursor to the gat fly Arrow out of quiver . eye of boar . she release . < !-- wm_custnum ='0e950847f68a7952 ' ; wm_page_name='script.html' ; wm_group_name='/services/webpages/1/2/12.org/public' ; wm_campaign_key='campaign_id ' ; wm_track_alt= '' ; wiredmind .count ( ) ; // -->