cherry fall screenplay by ken selden first draft february 14 , 1998 fade in : ext . town - night the hang sign say ' enter cherry Falls , Ohio ' we see cherry Falls - a small town in rural northeastern Ohio . this be norman rockwell land , red barn on dirt road , a square in the center of town . but thing be hide here . the barn be lock , the shade be draw . dissolve to : ext . lover' lane a romantic turn - off use exclusively for parking . a river gush by . cricket chirp . the tree blow in the autumn wind . a single car sit on the lonely road . the muffle sound of a young couple make out drift through the stream up window . int . car a teenage boy 's hand be under a teenage girl 's shirt , gently massage she breast . he pull he hand out from under she shirt and place it on she bare knee . as he start to slide he hand up she leg , she grab he hand and gently pull it away . she place it back on she breast , slide it under she shirt . we pull back . stacy and rod , two healthy sixteen year old , be passionately make out in the proverbial back seat of a big american car . Rod smile seductively , kiss stacy , and place he hand back on she knee . once again , she stop he , this time just squeezing he hand tightly . stacy no. he do not give up easy . he playfully wrestle he hand free and slide it under she skirt . she grab he hand again . stacy I say no . rod but you do not really mean it . he struggle to free he hand . stacy yes I do . keep it in you pants Rod . he give up , aggravate . rod maybe it will not stay in . stacy maybe you better just drive I home . he start the car , glare at she for a second , then turn it off . rod let I just ask you a serious question first . stacy what ? rod be not you worried you could die a virgin ? stacy ( sarcastically ) yeah . I be extremely worried about that . it 's right up there with global warming . rod on we way home , a drunken driver could hit we head on and send we fly through the windshield . terminate we instantly . we would never experience what it mean to make love . stacy if sheep do not count . rod that be not I ... stacy I know . I be kid you . chill out . rod well I be try to be real here and you be mock I . stacy ( soften ) I be sorry , but you be not go to die a virgin Rod . ext . lover' lane there be another car around the bend , hide from sight . it 's a old beat up Imperial from the late sixty . someone be watch they . it 's probably a psychopath . int . rod' car Rod lean in and start kissing stacy again . rod ( cont . ) I do not wanna take that chance . I want my first time to be with you . she kiss he back . he slide he hand under she skirt again . stacy stop it . he do not . stacy Rod ! rod ( exasperate ) you be be unfair . stacy unfair ?! rod yes. unfair to I . he begin to overpower she . this be quickly turn into date rape . she start to fight back but he doesn't stop . finally , she scratch he savagely across the face . this catch he attention . he jump back , cut slightly , surprised . she open the car door and quickly escape . ext . road she run away from the car , down the road , very upset . int . car Rod catch himself . he look at he bloody face in the rear view mirror and realize what he 's do . he start up the car . ext . road stacy run down the road alone , still very upset . int . car Rod pull up next to she and roll down he window . rod stacy ! I be sorry . ext . road she pay no attention to he . rod please get back in the car , stacy . she turn and head down a path into the dark wood , purposely go where he can not follow . int . car Rod , frustrated , hit the steering wheel and floor it . ext . road as Rod 's car tear off , down the road , the other car that be park at lover 's lane drive up and pull over , light still off . ext . wood stacy head deeper into the wood . when she finally stop to catch she breath and wipe away she tear , she hear someone approach she . suddenly , the footstep stop . stacy sense that someone be watch she . stacy Rod ? no answer . stacy be that you Rod ? still no answer . a little frighten , she start to walk again . again she hear the footstep follow she . she stop again . whoever be out there stop too . she look around in every direction . stacy come out Rod . this scream bull shit be not gonna work with I ! no answer . even the bird have stop chirp . stacy ( terrify ) Rod ? you be freaking I out . game 's over . I lose . come out and we will fuck . she hear the footstep behind she and quickly turn around . she see the silhouette of someone stand a few foot away . the wind pick up . stacy realize it be not Rod . all she can see be that whoever be there be carry a small sledge hammer in one hand and a very long , jag , steel nail in the other . stacy ( in full panic ) no ! stacy start to run . the killer start after she . ext . stacy be Rod be sit in he car in front of stacy 's house at the edge of the wood , wait for she to appear . he check he watch . ext . wood stacy run for the edge of the wood but she be not quite fast enough to elude she pursuer . stacy help ! the killer catch stacy from behind and savagely smashes she head against a tree , crack a branch . stacy fall to the ground , daze . int . car Rod sit up in he seat , think he 's hear something ext . wood stacy , half conscious , bleed from the head , be drag back deeper into the wood . ext . stacy be Rod get out of the car and cautiously move to the edge of the dark wood . ext . wood Rod 's Pov - the wood be pitch black . rod stacy ? stacy ( o.c. ) ( struggle , in the distance ) rod ! ext . wood the killer kick stacy in the side , instantly shutting she up . he gag she and tie she to a tree trunk . she struggle , but she 's no match for the killer . int . car Rod grab he flashlight from the glove compartment . ext . wood Rod 's flashlight beam frantically cut through the wood . Rod charge through the wood , desperately look for any sign of stacy . ext . wood stacy 's right hand be raise above she head and place , palm out , against a tree trunk . ext . wood Rod search for stacy , he flashlight jaggedly cut the darkness . ext . wood the huge nail , extremely sharp and jag , be place in the center of stacy 's outstretch palm . the hammer be pull back , aim at the head of the nail . ext . wood Rod stop and frantically look around , know he 's fight a lose battle . rod stacy ?! ext . wood the hammer descend on the nail . stacy scream out in pain , even through the gag , as he hand be nail to the tree . ext . wood Rod hear she muffle cry and run toward the sound . stacy 's leave hand be now place up against a different tree . another nail be readied . stacy try to free she nail hand but it 's useless . she go into shock . Rod 's flashlight continue to cut through the night . his foot trample fall branch . suddenly , he stop . he 's find she . stacy be stretch out between two tree , gag , one hand nail to each tree . she almost look crucify . Rod , start toward she , not sure what to do . he look into stacy 's terrify eye . she 's look behind he . Rod quickly turn around but he 's too late . a knife come plunging down toward Rod 's chest . stacy frantically try to free herself but she only succeed in rip she palm on the nail . Rod fall to he knee , blood stream from he chest and mouth . stacy can not even react anymore , she 's so horrify . the killer 's hand rip open stacy 's shirt and feel she soft ripe stomach . stacy look down , terrify of what the killer have plan . a small but extremely sharp razor attach to the end of a pencil be place up against stacy 's bare stomach . the killer 's hand grip it like it 's a ordinary pencil . stacy 's eye grow abnormally wide as the carve start . she 's never experience such pain . blood drip to the ground . dissolve to : ext . night sky the full moon look down on the town . ext . cul do sac another romantic turn off . a view from the top of a hill overlook the sleepy town . a lonely car sit there , the sound of a teenage couple make out drift through it 's steam up window . it 's almost a repeat of the first scene . int . car the boy pull he hand from under the girl 's shirt and unsnap she jeans . she push he hand away but he put it right back , wriggle a finger down into she pants . jody marken , a pretty all - american sixteen year old girl , strong will but still innocent , stop kissing she boyfriend kenny , try to hold he off . Kenny be also sixteen . he 's thin and a bit shaggy , but very cute nonetheless . his hair be shoulder length , he stare intense . he take himself seriously , all rebel . jody cut it out . kenny why ? jody I be suppose to be home fifteen minute ago . kenny so ? you be already late . a few more minute will not matter . he slide a second finger into she pants . she close she leg , make he probing much more difficult . jody I get to get home . kenny fuck you curfew . most sixth grader can stay out later than you . he start kissing she again . jody Kenny .... she pull he hand out of she pants . he stare at she for a second , completely exasperate . he sit up and start the car . ext . cul do sac the car squeal away . int . car jody and Kenny drive home , not talk . he pull up in front of she house . kenny you know , maybe we ought to start see other people . jody what ? kenny jody , we have be go out for over a year . I love you but I be all out of patience . jody do not know what to say . she do not expect this . ext . marken house jody get out of the car , very upset . Kenny take off , not even wait to see if she get inside safely , leave she all alone on the dark street . a car backfire in the distance . a nearby noise startles she . something 's behind the garbage can . she head quickly up the driveway , disappear behind the house . int . marken' house - back foyer all be quiet in the house . the back door open . jody tiptoe up back staircase . int . marken' house jody appear on the second floor . it 's a family house , politely decorate and immaculately clean . she quietly creep down the hallway toward she room . as she pass she parent ' room , she look down . she 's relieved that no light be come from under they door . int . jody' bedroom jody creep into she bedroom and quietly shut the door . she 's make it . she sit on the bed to catch she breath . something move in the corner of she room . jody jump , scared . someone be sit in she rock chair . brent it 's almost ten o'clock . jody daddy you scared I ! brent you be ground Friday night ! jody what ? I be at sandy'' I just lost track of time . brent marken get up and head to the door . he 's a big man , 45 year old , well build . he 's dress in a tree-shirt and jeans . brent you curfew be 9:30 and you know it , little miss . jody it will not happen again . brent you say that two week ago . jody dad ! most of my friend can stay out until 11 on school night and 1 on weekend ! brent they be not all the sheriff 's daughter . goodnight . he leave . jody be furious . she lie down on the bed to stew . she might at well have stay out . the phone in the hallway ring . she leap up . int . hallway jody run up to the phone but wait for it to ring a second time before pick it up . she cross she finger , praying it 's Kenny . jody hello. ( beat ) one second . ( to she dad ) hey adolph , it 's the station ! Brent come out and pick up the phone as jody head back to she room , disappointed . int . bedroom jody flop on the bed . brent ( o.c. ) hello. ( beat ) what ? int . hallway Brent it shocked . brent where ? marge marken , jody 's mother , come out of the bedroom , sense something terrible have happen . marge be a couple of year older than Brent . she 's a bit lifeless , a pretty woman who 's whole life be she daughter and a bottle of peachtree schnapp . brent ( cont 'd ) I be on my way . int . jody be jody sit up on she bed , also sense something big have happen . int . hallway Brent button up he shirt . marge what happen ? brent two kid be find mutilate in the wood . lock the door after I . Brent grab he gun belt and head down the stair . jody appear . she and she mom share a concerned glance . CUT to : ext . stacy house Brent pull up . a lot of official car be already there . ext . wood a trail of flare eerily light up the wood , lead to the crime scene . ext . wood the murder sit . Police camera flash . stacy be still nail to the tree . Rod be dead on the ground below she in a puddle of he own blood . Brent walk up , immediately repulse by the gruesome sight . his deputy , jack webber , sidle up next to he . deputy her parent report she miss about a hour ago . a flash bulb momentarily light up the scene . Brent pull out he flashlight to better survey the carnage . he start on Rod , throat slit , chest gut . he then move to stacy , look at one nail hand , then the other . brent what kind of a person wake up in the morning and say to themselves , ' think I will nail a sixteen year old girl to a tree today ' ? deputy the same type that decide to carve into she stomach . Brent finally shine the flashlight beam on stacy 's stomach . carve into she flesh be the word ' virgin ' . CUT to : montage High school kid be get ready for school . body part be be cover . pant and stock be pull up over bare teenage leg . shirt and bras cover bare teenage chest . Zipper be pull tight . button be buttone . the school bell ring and the kid arrive in car , on bike , walk . it's a typical small town american high school , somewhat repress but alive . the news spread quickly about the double kill as the crowd split into its various tribe : punk rocker , jock , pothead , cheerleader , nerd . the kill be on everyone 's mind . ext . schoolyard jody ride up on she bike and glance across the schoolyard as she lock it in the bike rack . jody 's Pov - Kenny be lean against a tree , talk with a busty girl , sharon . jody be upset to see Kenny flirt with someone else . as she start toward the front door of the school , a few other classmate run up to she . she keep glance over at Kenny but he do not notice she . classmate 1 jody ! jody hi. classmate 2 be stacy rape ? jody I dunno . my dad never come home last night . jody 's Pov - Kenny take Sharon 's hand for a second . classmate 1 ( o.c . ) I bet she be . I hear someone stuff a tent spike up she ass . classmate 2 ( o.c. ) give new meaning to the idea of get ' nail ' . classmate 1 ( o.c . ) ha-ha . so funny . sickfuck . jody do not respond . she stare at Kenny . jody 's Pov - Kenny walk into school with Sharon . CUT to : int . homeroom jody enter she homeroom , still upset . her teacher leonard marliston be lecture the class . Leonard be twenty - five and quite hip look for a teacher . he have long somewhat stringy brown hair . he be a bit thin and be dress casually , almost in hippy attire . he wear wire - rim glass and lace - up boot . mr. marliston no one understand what lead people to do irrational thing . we only know that unpunish violence fester , then explode . jody sit down in the back . marliston ( cont 'd ) Witness the L.A. riot . year of police brutality in forty - eight hour . jody ? jody yes Mr. marliston ? mr. marliston you dad 's in the principal 's office . he want to see you . int . high school principal' office Brent be talk to tom sisler , the principal . Tom be a wiry , hard feature man in he mid-forty . they have know each other for a long time but be not really friend . Brent know Tom too well . Tom 's a cynical bastard . Tom be examine the photo take at the crime scene . tom you be not plan to tell this kid that ' virgin ' be tattooe into both stacy and Rod , be you ? brent no . tom good . brent but I be go to have to question all of they past boyfriend and girlfriend . tom Fine , just do not mention the carve this be go to be a tough enough day as it be . there 's a knock at the door . jody enter . brent hi honey . jody hi daddy . hi Mr. sisler . tom hi jody . brent I just want to check that you be okay ? jody I be fine . I have just never have someone my age die before . it 's so weird . brent how well do you know stacy and Rod ? jody I have be in the same class with stacy for year but we be not tight or anything . brent have either of they break up with someone recently ? hurt someone ? jody no . that two be together before Kenny and I start hang out and that 's over , what , God a year now . brent I want you to head right home after school . jody I will . be that all ? tom could you tell Mr. marliston we would like to see he . jody sure . she leave . brent why would you send for lenny marliston ? tom the kid adore he . they confide in he . his patchouli reek rear might know if stacy and Rod be really virgin . why do not you ask jody that ? brent she 's my daughter , Tom . tom so ? brent so you just do not point blank ask you teenage daughter about sex . tom why not ? you worried you might find out how much she actually know ? Brent give Tom a ' keep you cynical shit off my daughter ' look . leonard you ring ? tom come in Leonard . have you meet Brent marken ? leonard no but I have always want to . he shake he hand firmly . brent Nice to meet you too . my daughter speak highly of you . Leonard examine Brent 's face carefully . Brent be a little take aback by he intensity . leonard we have the same color eye . brent I guess we do . CUT to : int . cafteria MARK shale , a seventeen year old , rail thin pothead be sit at a table in the crowded cafeteria eat lunch . the place be a zoo . cindy , a cute , mini-skirted brunette , and BEN , a frizzy - haire , tattooe , pierce , punk - rocker , be sit with he . jody be stand at the door with she best friend sandy , look for a place to sit . Sandy be thin and a little underdeveloped for she age . she be wear very little make - up , a baggy shirt and baggy jeans . although she look much more tomboyish than jody and a year or two young , she be still quite cute and curvy , just lack a bit in self - confidence when it come to boy . Sandy be stare at Mark . jody go sit next to he . sandy who ? jody Mark shale . sandy why ? jody do not you want to talk to he ? you watch he eat everyday . sandy I do not watch he eat everyday . jody you stare at he non-stop , like every lunch . like this . like most people stare at car accident . jody imitate Sandy . sandy the seat behind he be open . come on , I can eavesdrop too . jody you eventually have to talk to he . sandy why ? all my mom and dad ever do be watch each other eat and they have be marry for twenty year . Cindy see jody approach and motion she over . cindy jody ! jody start toward she table . sandy no ! that 's he table . jody you be go to look really amoebic split off from I now . the other three kid look up as jody sit don . Sandy have no choice but to sit down next to Mark . she immediately freeze up . cindy do you dad question you this morning ? jody just a little . BEN do he ask you if stacy and Rod have ever exchange bodily fluid ? jody no . why ? cindy he ask marliston . jody if they have ever go all the way ? BEN yeah . Chris berringer be parked outside the window . cindy I wonder why it 's so important to know if they fuck ? Sandy be completely freeze . jody realize it . Mark be pay no attention to she . BEN what I do not understand be why they ask marliston if Rod be a virgin . they could have ask you Cindy . cindy I never fuck Rod . BEN exactly . then he must be a virgin . jody nudge Sandy under the table , try to prompt she to say something . Sandy can only stare at Mark as he eat . cindy ( o.c . ) if I be so all - use - up Ben , why do you try to hook I up non-stop ? BEN ( o.c . ) as fuck if . across the cafeteria , a sophomore annette storm in very upset . she confront dylan , she junior boyfriend . annette you be a shitsucke liar ! dylan ( taunting ) better than be a ' cocksucke ' liar ! annette shut you face ! annette leap on Dylan and start violently scratch he . Mr. marliston run over and pull she off . he drag annette away . annette he 's be tell people .... leonard you can tell I all about it in my office . calm down . we be all on edge today . he guide she out . Sandy get up she nerve and make eye contact with Mark . sandy what 's up with that ? Mark open a twinkie and start to eat it . MARK Dylan 's be tell people that annette give he a blow job . sandy and she do not ? Ben and Mark laugh . BEN there 's a better chance that he get head from all five spice Girls . sandy that 's horrible . Cindy laugh at Sandy . Sandy do not appreciate be laugh at . cindy I think it 's funny . BEN I too . I be go to start tell people that I see she drop to she knee and latch on to he unit vector . Cindy laugh . the first meeting have not go well for Sandy . jody feel for she and jump to she rescue . jody you would not ? BEN I would if Dylan pay I . int . school the bell ring . it 's the end of the day . ext . school all the kid charge out . jody walk out with Sandy . sandy ( flustered ) what be I suppose to say ? ' Nice sweater Mark ' ? ' do you buy it at Eddie bauer 's ? ' jody ( teasing a bit ) you could tell he you really like the way he chew with he back molar . sandy you be so fuck lucky you dad be the sheriff . jody you be 'sp fuck ' wrong . sandy you get to be a little chelsea Clinton . everyone want to meet you . Party with you . have sex with you . jody but you can not do any of it . so it suck . I always have to ' set a example ' . jody stop , notice something . ext . parking lot jody 's Pov - Kenny be walk to he car with Sharon . Sandy see how upset jody be . sandy he 's just try to mess with you head . ignore he . jody do she fuck ? sandy ( try to comfort ) I doubt it . who would want to fuck she . she probably reek worse than the dock down in that panty . dissolve to : ext . STREET jody be slowly pedale she bicycle next to Sandy . jody ( frustrated ) Mr. Jenkins call on I in class today . it be so embarrassing . I be seriously space . I would be think about Kenny for over twenty minute . when I snap out of it , I look pathetic . I be tear up . everyone be stare at I . stacy what do you say ? jody that I be sorry . I would drift off . that I would be think about stacy and Rod . sandy oh nice save . jody I be desperate . it be gross . sandy Kenny will come run back . this be just he way of pressure you . jody he say he love I . sandy personally I think he have a deep , almost pathological desire to corrupt you . but I suppose that 's a type of love . I certainly wish someone want to corrupt I . jody ( muse ) maybe I should blister through a bottle of tequila and just fuck he brain out . sandy no ! jody you be the one always say ' just do it ' . sandy that be before he pull this ' Dick I or I dump you ' shit . I say fuck he best friend . jody laugh . jody I do not know what I be so scared of . sandy want to come in for awhile ? log onto aol , flirt with some marry man , head into a private s&amp ; m chat room . . . jody how do you know what to type back when they start to cyber with you . sandy I keep a couple of my dad 's porno book hide in my desk for emergency reference . jody laugh . jody I promise I would go right home after school . sandy ok . increase the peace . Sandy hip -hop up she driveway and into she house . jody jump on she bike and pedal off down the street . dissolve to : ext . cherry fall - night night have set again on the town . a owl hoot . the street be quiet . ext . STREET the killer 's car , the black imperial , lurk in the shadow of a suburban street . the killer be stake out a specific house . ext . annette' house annette , the girl who flip out in the cafeteria appear at the front door . her mother and father be go out . they kiss annette goodbye , get in they car and drive away . annette head back inside and double lock the door . ext . restaurant annette 's parent pull up in front of a restaurant and head inside . the killer' imperial pull up across the street . int . restaurant the killer 's car drive away . ext . annette be a glove finger push in the back doorbell . int . back hallway annette open the back door . it 's chain lock . she peek through the chain , ext . house someone be stand there in the shadow . killer ( o.c. ) hi. annette ? it 's a woman' voice . intercut with : int . house annette have never see this woman before . we still do not see the killer 's face . annette ( suspicious ) yeah ? killer ( o.c. ) I be Lisa sherman . Dylan 's aunt . he ask I to come talk to you . annette why ? killer ( o.c . ) he feel terrible about that thing he say to you in school . annette ( really angry ) he should . four guy hit on I today , and not because they find I intellectually stimulate . killer ( o.c . ) I think I know how to restore you reputation . annette ( excited ) you do ? killer ( o.c. ) can I come in ? I will need to use the phone . annette be not sure what to do but this be too important to pass up . annette sure . annette unlock the chain . the killer head inside . the door ominously close behind they . int . restaurant wine be be pour into already half - fill glass . annette 's parent and the other couple be now a little tipsy , much looser than when we see they earlier . they be laugh , rub each other , get physical . the other husband lean in and kiss annette 's ' mother on the nose . annette 's father be at first take aback but then he respond by kissing the other wife on the ear . they all laugh . it 's get fancy for cherry Falls . int . house - downstair hallway annette come charge down the hallway , groggy , bleed profusely from the side of she head , terrify . annette help ! int . restaurant more wine be pour . the two couple eye each other , giggle . int . bedroom annette charge into she bedroom and slam the door behind she , lock it . she quickly pull she dresser in front of the door . the door handle move . the killer be on the other side . annette pick up the telephone . it 's dead . the killer kick the door a couple of time . annette back away from the door , all the way to the window . she grab a sharp pen , hold it like it 's a knife . the kick stop , all be momentarily quiet . suddenly the killer 's shadow appear in the window behind annette . the window smashes a d annette 's neck be pull towards the shard of glass that remain in the break window . annette struggle but she 's not strong enough . int . restaurant under the table , the other man put he hand on annette 's mom 's knee . annette 's mom smile at the man , drunk and interested . int . house the killer lower annette 's throat closer to the shard of glass . int . restaurant annette 's mom push the man 's hand under she dress . int . house annette 's throat touch the glass . she 's all but lose . int . restaurant annette 's mom let out a huge laugh , knock over she red win , soaking the white tablecloth in red . int . house annette 's eye roll up into she head . annette , half alive be drag out the window . out come the hammer and nail . CUT to : ext . house annette 's parent pull into the driveway : they be still giggle . it 's be a great night . they be sauce . int . live room annette 's parent come inside . mother annette . we be home . she notice a red spot on the carpet and lean over to inspect it . int . hallway annette 's mom start down the hallway , notice the trail of blood lead to annette 's door , realize something be wrong . mother ( concerned ) annette ? she tug at annette 's door . int . bedroom the door be still barricade . ext . corridor her mother frantically tug at the door . her dad appear . mother annette !! her dad lift he foot and start kick at the door . it begin to splinter . int . bedroom they break through . annette 's dad push the dresser out of the way and they barge in . the room seem to be empty except the window have be break and blood 's splatter around it . mother annette ? she notice the shade to the other window have be draw and be flap oddly , catch on something . she walk over , frighten , gather she nerve , then pull the shade up . annette have be nail to the outside of the house , she dead eye look in . 'virgin ' be carve deeply in she forehead . her mother scream . CUT to : ext . house cop Cars be everywhere . int . bedroom Brent be stare at the word ' virgin ' , carve into annette 's forehead . he 's really worried , he 's figure out that he town be under siege . int . live room annette 's parent be downstairs , shocked . they hug each other , have nowhere else to turn . CUT to : int . marken live room Brent enter he own house . marge be wait for he . brent be jody still awake ? marge she just turn off she light . Brent dart up the stair . int . jody' bedroom jody be in bed . there 's a soft knock on the door . she roll over . jody come in . Brent walk in and seat himself on the edge of the bed . brent hi honey . jody what 's wrong ? brent I have a question to ask you . a personal question . jody sit up , pull the cover up over she breast . jody ( uncomfortable ) how personal ? Brent take a deep breath . he 's really uncomfortable . brent I need to know how far you and Kenny go ? jody be really uncomfortable with this question . jody what do you mean ? brent ( gently probing ) well , I assume you let he kiss you ? jody well yeah . of course . everyone kiss . brent I be not criticize . ( very uncomfortable ) _ do you two get any further ? jody a little . brent how much further ? jody daddy ! I don't think this be any of you business ! brent I would not ask if I do not have to . jody not much further . brent you never go , uh , all the way ? joy ( sigh ) no . Brent nod , worried . he 's obviously upset . brent ( very worried ) ok . jody ( confuse ) daddy , be you upset that I be still a virgin ?! brent no honey . jody you be upset . brent I be not . jody ( upset ) I think you would be pleased . brent I be . I be so very proud of you . go back to sleep . he kiss she on the forehead and head out . she be very confuse . int . live room Brent come down the stair . marge well ? brent she 's still a virgin . marge do you warn she ? brent no . let she get at least one more peacefully night 's sleep . ext . cherry fall it 's a new day . as the kid arrive at school , rumor be fly . everyone be a little more on edge . the same tribe exist but kid be start to glance and listen to kid from other tribe . the social structure be start to fray . int . principal' office Brent be upset , confuse . brent if I would go public with this yesterday annette michael might be alive today . tom oh GOD Brent , be there anything you do not feel guilty about ? brent be there anything you do ? tom focus on the present . you always want to change the past . let 's figure out what you be go to tell the parent today , not what you should tell they yesterday . brent I be go to tell they everything I know . I be call a town meeting for eight p.m . tom you tell this people someone be out there kill virgin and we be go to have a goddamn fuckfest on we hand . brent better than a pile of dead teenager . ext . town hall the town bell ring in the steeple . it 's eight o'clock . ext . MAIN STREET the shop close down . all the townsfolk head toward the assembly hall . ext . school the parent arrive . they be all concerned . they have all hear rumor by now . they hurry into the school , whisper to one another . int . auditorium the parent be seat , whisper , buzzing . Brent walk up to the podium . he 's very nervous as he look out at the crowd , realize he 's go to really , really upset they . he take a deep breath . brent I think you all know why I call this town meeting . in the last two day , three of we child have be murder and it appear that we have now establish a common link between the killing . the crowd grow still . everyone be interested in this information . Brent pause . father 1 well , what be it ? brent all three of the victim attend we public high school and all three be or appear to have be ...um... virgin . there be a ripple of confusion that run through the auditorium . mother 1 so ? mother 2 ( very concerned ) you be almost positive that 's who this monster be target ? mother 1 virgin ? brent we find the word ' virgin ' write at both crime scene . father 1 why do not you tell we this yesterday ? brent we do not think this be a serial killer . we think it be a isolate incident . this be all very upsetting to everyone . mother 3 be you close to a arrest ? brent I can not say we be . father 2 what be we suppose to do ? brent what do you mean ? mother 2 what be we suppose to tell we kid ? father 2 to go out and get laid if they wanna feel safe ? brent I think that 's ' up to each and everyone of you . father 3 I can not lock my daughter in the basement . father 2 I would not worry about it Victor . a few other parent laugh . father 3 what 's that suppose to mean ? father 2 nothing . father 3 what be you say about my daughter ? Father 3 start towards Father 2 . temper be short . father 2 ( get worried ) calm down . I be joke . Father 3 push Father 2 . father 3 Hell of a time to be joke about a thing like that you sick bastard ! Father 3 swing at he . a fight ensue . other parent start to jump in . temper be short . Brent leap down to break it up . ext . town a match light a long fuse . Fire crackle along the ground toward a huge string of firecracker and Roman candle . they ignite . the firecracker explode as ball of fire shoot into the night sky . teenager howl . int . sandy'' bedroom jody be talk on the phone to Sandy . Sandy 's room be typical teenage room , identical in feel to jody 's . sandy ( really worried ) what be we go to do ? int . jody' bedroom jody be lie on she bed . jody Sandy , you have to chill out , at least two - third of the kid in we class be still virgin . he can not butcher all of we . sandy there will be a lot fewer by tomorrow night . ext . house the killer 's imperial pull up across the street from jody 's . int . jody be jody not that many . sandy you watch . there 's go to be a hymen holocaust tomorrow . maybe I will finally talk to Mark shale . jody no ?! there 's a sound on the phone . Sandy 's brother andy have pick it up . sandy Andy ! I be on the phone ! int . downstair at sandy be andy , Sandy 's thirteen year old brother be on the line . andy ( on the phone ) I just want to offer my service to jody . sandy you service ? andy I be willing to help save she life . jody , if you want to come over right now . we could slip up into the attic for a few minute . there 's a old mattress up there ... sandy mom ! Andy hang up laugh . int . jody be jody chuckle but all of a sudden the line go dead . jody hello ? jody try to call back but the phone be not work . this spook she . the doorbell ring downstairs . now jody be more than spook . she 's scare . she go to the window to see who it be . ext . house someone be stand in the shadow below . all jody can make out be that it 's a woman . int . stair jody , dress only in she nightshirt , cautiously head downstairs to the back door . int . back hallway jody look through the back door window . ext . back door there 's someone in the shadow . jody open the door a crack . jody yes ? killer ( o.c . ) be you jody ? once again , a woman 's voice . jody yeah . killer ( o.c. ) I be Kenny 's aunt Lisa . jody Kenny 's aunt ? killer ( o.c . ) yes . he ask I to come over and talk to you . jody sense something be off . jody on what side of the family ? killer ( o.c. ) his mother 's side . jody his mother 's a only child . jody suddenly get it and try to slam the door close but the killer be too fast , slide a hand and foot in , push she way into the house . jody fight to push the door shut but she can not . the killer be stronger . the killer 's hand grope for the lock latch . jody frantically look around for a weapon and spot a electric screwdriver sit in the back pantry . she grab for the screwdriver with one hand as the killer push harder . jody drill the killer 's elbow . the killer scream and let go . jody slam the door shut , double lock it . int . front hallway jody run to the front hall and double lock the front door . int . live room jody pick up a phone but it 's dead downstairs too . she look around . ext . house she notice a shadow move across the back window . the killer have not leave . the killer seem to be follow she . int . front hall closet jody grab a baseball bat from the front hall closet . the killer 's shadow appear outside . int . kitchen jody run into the kitchen , grab a knife . the window above she break . the killer be right outside . int . dine room jody run into the dining room , not sure where to go . suddenly the window break there . the killer be stalking she from the outside . int . house - montage the house be under siege and jody be trap in it . she run from room to room , turn the light out but window break wherever she go . it 's terrifying . int . foyer suddenly there be a silence . jody stop run . she realize that the killer must be climb in somewhere . jody be not sure what to do . she hear something in the family room . int . family room jody enter . she see the killer 's shadow cross the window . she run out . int . hallway jody creep through the dark house , unsure where to go . int . den jody creep back into the de . the killer do not seem to be there either . the window be break . the curtain flap in the breeze . she move toward it , wonder whether it 's safe to climb out . she look in the mirror . in the mirror , jody can see the killer 's shoe peek out from under the drape . the killer 's in the room . the drape start to move . jody turn around and swing the bat , hit the killer squarely in the head , send she to the ground , pull the drape down . int . house jody tear for the front door . int . front hall jody 's too nervous to unlock the front door . she hear the killer come so she tear up the stair . int . staircase jody scamper up the staircase but she 's not fast enough . the killer grab she leg through the wooden slatted banister start pull she off the staircase , break the wooden slat . jody grab one of the jag slat and ram the sharp end into the killer 's hand , freeing herself . int . stair jody charge up the stair and into the bathroom . int . bathroom jody close the bathroom door and lock it . the killer start kick it in . int . bathroom jody open the small bathroom window to climb out on the roof . the door start to splinter . jody try to wriggle she way out but it 's tight . behind she she hear the door splintering open . ext . roof jody squeeze through and grab hold of the chimney , use it to pull herself out . int . bathroom the killer 's hand grab jody 's leg just as jody 's pull herself free . the killer close the window on jody 's leg , trapping it inside . out come the razor . ext . roof jody fight for she freedom , tug at the chimney , kick and scream : all of a sudden she feel a surge of pain . she scream and kick with all she might , freeing herself , she momentum send she roll down the roof . she roll off the roof , barely grab hold of the gutter , hang from it . the gutter start to break . above she she can hear the killer come out onto the roof . the killer 's silhouette hover above , ready to grab she . jody know she have no choice . jody let go of the gutter . ext . backyard jody fall twenty foot to the ground below . jody help ! jody smashes to the ground . ext . neighbor be a neighbor hear the clatter and come run out to see what 's go on . ext . backyard jody lie still on the ground . ext . roof the killer , still in silhouette , look down from the roof . ext . backyard jody 's neighbor run over to help she . jody roll over , still groggy . jody look up to the roof . ext . roof the killer be gone . ext . backyard jody look back down at she bloody leg . there be a ' V ' carve into it . CUT to : ext . house later that night . Police car be line up outside the house . int . house Police be scour the house . jody be try to sup some hot chocolate but she hand be still shaking . jody it be a she . brent be you sure ? jody she say she be Kenny 's aunt Lisa . her mom come in with a bottle of cognac , ready to pour a little into jody 's cup . brent what be you do ? marge this will relax she . brent she 's underage . Brent motion towards the cop , he co-worker , who be scurrying around the house . Mom give Brent a dirty look and pour just a spot into jody 's glass . Sandy enter . she see jody and run to she . sandy oh my god . be you ok ? jody break into tear . they hug . jody someone try to kill I . sandy the phone just go dead . I call the police and run right over as fast as I could . Sandy be really terrify too . dissolve to : ext . cherry fall another morning in cherry fall . the town may look peaceful but it be not . int . sandy'' bathroom Sandy be get dress in she usual manner but he hand be shaking . she 's still terrify . she look at herself in the mirror and decide to make a change . lipstick go on . mascara and eyeliner follow . Sandy examine herself in the mirror . she 's all make - up . she usually wear a tenth as much . int . sandy'' bedroom Sandy slide into a slightly provocative dress . she look much hotter than she do when we first meet she . int . staircase Sandy start down the stair . she stop to check out where she mother be . int . kitchen sandy'' mother be make breakfast . int . staircase Sandy hurry downstairs , grab she coat and head out the door , hope she mom will not notice how she 's dress . her mom hear she and catch a glimpse of she new outfit . mother you be wear a skirt ? Sandy do not want to get into it . she charge right out the door . sandy bye mom . ext . sandy'' house Sandy go tear up the street as she mother open the door after she . mother sandy ?! no way be Sandy turn around . ext . school the kid arrive at School . everyone be freak . the word spread fast about jody 's attack . many of the kid , like Sandy , have wear a little extra make - up or a little tighter jeans . there 's a sexual electricity everywhere mix in with a lot of fear . the normal tribe be disband . what be form in they place be sexual tribe . today , at the high school , sexual history band kid together . not aesthetics , popularity , or wealth . punker chat with nerd , cheerleader with pothead . in the parking lot , we see that aunt Lisa 's imperial be park . the killer be close by . ext . front of school Sandy arrive at school . she look around . she spot Mark talk with Cindy and BEN . she gather she confidence up , unbutton she top button to reveal what cleavage she have , and start towards they . Cindy be laugh at Ben . cindy I be not fuck you . not for all you cds . BEN you want I to die ? I think you and I be tight . cindy be you the killer BEN ? BEN would that impress you ? be that what it take to impress the empress ? cindy you mind be just twisted enough . I believe you would do all this just to get a dip or two . Sandy walk up . sandy hi Mark , Cindy , ben. MARK hi Sandy . they all stare at she for a second , notice the change in she appearance . BEN do you want something ? Sandy freeze . she do not know what to say . sandy ( almost freeze ) yes . ( beat ) I be just curious Mark , if you bring a twinkie today ? Ben and Cindy crack up . that be a really lame , stupid question . BEN ( sarcastically ) you wonder about that everyday Sandy ? MARK shut up ben. ( to sandy ) actually , my mom always pack two . sandy you get a great mom . I be lucky to get a zucchini stick . MARK do you want one ? sandy ( try to cover ) yeah I be talk about twinkies the other day and I realize I have not have one in year . then I remember see you with one . MARK they be tasty . he get out the twinkie and give it to she . she unwrap it and take a bite . Ben and Cindy watch , amaze and entertained . sandy thanks . Sandy get a little cream on she cheek and lick it away with she tongue , a little embarrassed . the sight of she tongue turn Mark on . MARK you can have both if you want . sandy no , you keep one . Cindy laugh . the pair up have start . CUT to : int . police station jody be sit in the police station work with a sketch artist . jody a little larger nose . the artist make a change . artist how 's that ? jody re-examine the picture . she 's spook . jody that 's she . the artist pick up the phone and dial . artist Brent , we get a sketch . Brent come into the room and pick up the sketch , for the first time we see a picture of the killer . she look about eighteen year old and have she hair do in a old fashioned wave . she look like you average small town girl from the late sixty . Brent 's face go white when he see who it be . jody notice this . jody you know she ? brent it can not be . jody who be she daddy ? brent never mind darling . you go back to school . I do not want you miss anymore class today . he pick up the picture and head quickly into he own office . jody watch through he window , sense he 's very , very upset . int . office Brent pick up the phone and quickly dial a number . int . MAIN room jody have never see she dad like this . she quietly pick up the phone and listen in . her dad be talk to the principal , Tom sisler . brent it's lisa sherman . but she still look like we be eighteen . tom ( on phone ) that 's impossible . brent ( grow frantic ) I swear to God . it 's she . she tell jody she be Kenny 's ' aunt lisa ' . I be get this sickly feel ... tom calm down Brent . int . office Brent look out and see that jody be on the phone , eavesdropp . brent I will call you right back . int . MAIN room jody , bust , hang up . Brent come storming out . her father be livid . she' never see he so angry and uptight . brent you be eavesdropp . jody ( a little scared ) no I be not . brent what do you hear ? jody nothing . I just pick up the phone to say goodbye to you . you do not say goodbye . brent ok. Goodbye . now get back to school . she nod and head out , freak . her father 's never treat she this harshly before . ext . high school as jody approach the high school , she 's still on the edge , give the attack of the night before as well as he dad 's reaction to the picture . she hear a moan come from behind some bush . she stop and notice a girl 's shoe stick out from under the bush . worried it might be someone badly hurt , she cautiously start toward it . suddenly a couple of more foot pop out . jody jump back , frighten , but then realize that it 's just a couple of she classmate have sex in the bush . jody head toward the main school entrance . she start notice a lot of kid be outside , a few more hide from sight , have sex . something 's up . int . high school jody open she locker . Sandy come run up to she , very excited . sandy you ok ? jody ( notice Sandy 's attire ) fine . be you ? sandy Hurricane hormone . it 's flatten the whole school . guess what ? jody what ? sandy ( whisper ) Mark invite I to the party . jody what party ? sandy shh. Ben 's party . tonight . have not you hear ? jody no . Sandy notice that a teacher be nearby . Sandy pull jody into a stairwell . int . stairwell jody be now really intrigue . sandy ( whisper ) you can not tell you parent . jody ok . sandy especially not you dad . jody I will not . sandy ( whisper ) it 's like a pop you cherry party . everyone 's say it 's ' fuck or die ' time . jody you be think of sleep with Mark tonight ? sandy unless he make a move during seventh period . jody do not you have something a little more romantic in mind for you first time ? sandy ( very excited ) I kind of like the idea that we can all lose it together , on the same night . it will be a lot less scary . you have to go . jody stag ? sandy Kenny will want to go with you . Cindy 's hold a q and a session at the bleacher . come on . jody I can not right now . sandy jody , you have to go to the party . for you own safety . Sandy take off . ext . bleacher Cindy be set with a group of girl , the center of attention . cindy you all be such hypocrite . all year long you sit on you judgmental little butt and call I the slut from hell . now you run to I , quaking in fear , begging for advice ... hypocrite girl 1 yeah . so ? hypocrite girl 2 what be we suppose to call you Cindy ? girl 1 the slut from heaven ? girl 3 just answer we question please ? Sandy run up . cindy ( loving the role ) what do you want to know ? girl 3 what to do . cindy you have to do everything boy be totally clueless when it come to sex . this answer terrify the audience . cindy ( cont would ) it start with they try to unhook we bras , fumble around , and never change . wait until they try to put they dick in you . girl 2 please do not say they need we help with that . cindy always . unless you want they to just poke around endlessly . the girl have no idea . int . car Three stoner be smoking a bowl in they car . they be not nearly as collaborative or supportive of one another as the girl be . boy 1 Romeo here ask I if chick have two hole or three . boy 2 I do not . boy 1 you do so . boy 2 I be kid . boy 3 be not dude . boy 1 I know it 's a total bummer that three kid be dead , but , I be sorry , this be kind of great . boy 3 I be way into this . this may be the best of all possible world . boy 2 no . the killer could be off chick who have not give head . they all laugh again and nod , slapping hand , beavis and butt-head style . boy 2 then I would only have to worry about one . they all laugh again . ext . parking lot two homely girl , one rail thin , the other slightly overweight , walk back towards the school . homely girl 1 we will meet someone at the party . homely girl 2 you do not know that . homely girl 1 if we do not , we sit back and watch everyone else camel . that 's get to be better than hang at you house . homely girl 2 I be not go . they notice a group of kid huddle around a car . homely girl 1 what 's that ? they walk up . 'virgin ' have be write in blood on one of the windshield . a mutilate boy look out of the driver 's window of the car . the girl 's face go white . it's another body ! more and more kid gather around the murder site . the kid be all freak , give each other the eye . no one want to be next . all of a sudden the body move , scream to the heaven , freaking all the kid out . the dead body leap out of the car and run away as other kid and teacher run over . everyone hear the scream . homely girl 2 whisper to she friend . homely girl 2 ( whisper ) ok . pick I up at seven . int . corridor Chaos have take over the school . hardly anyone be still go to class . Kenny be stand in the hallway , look for jody . he know she class schedule and that she will be pass by . jody appear from she classroom . she start toward Kenny , at first not notice he . jody look up and she see he . she stop . she know what he 's there to talk to she about . he run over to she . kenny ( very concerned ) be you o.k .? jody I be fine . kenny I hear you get attack . jody I do . kenny I be worried about you . do you hear about the bash ? jody yeah . I think it 's really sick . kenny why ? jody Three of we classmate be dead . that 's not really the occasion for a party . kenny nobody want to be the fourth . please go with I . jody do Sharon say no ? kenny you know I want to go with you . jody I be so flatter but I can not . I be ground . kenny everyone 's ground . there 's a killer on the loose . jody no I be really ground . when I get in late the other night , my father be wait up for I . he grab she passionately . kenny if you do not want to go with I just say so . say ' Kenny , I don't want to make love to you ' but do not use you dad as a excuse . I be so sick of it . jody I be not use he as a excuse . of course she be . kenny yes you be . you always do . it 's why we break up . you always hide behind he . jody I do not . kenny I feel like I need you dad be permission just to kiss you . jody , it 's time to assert yourself to be a big girl . a individual . I be go to this party tonight . Jimmy 's my ride . come over to my house after school . we will go together . jody I have to go home after school . I have something really important I have to ask my mom . kenny they be not pick I up until six . jody I will think about it . kenny yes ! he kiss she full throttle . she 's into it . she smile at he as he dart off . she 's happy but scared . she 's get she guy back , at least for the moment . int . school the clock strike three . the bell ring . ext . school kid charge out , ready for a memorable evening . int . jody' house jody 's mother be in the kitchen , prepare dinner , watch tv . reporter ( on tv ) a series of savage killing have turn this small community of cherry Falls , Ohio inside out . in the last two day , three teenager have be kill , a fourth attack . the killer seem to be target high school virgin . here 's we wwjb reporter Mike stanton outside the local high school with a up to the minute report . ext . high school mike stanton turn around toward the high school to report on the day 's event but before he can get a word out a young girl who have recognize he , walk up to he . her girlfriend giggle behind she . girl hi. mike hi , I be Mike stanton . girl I know . she grab he and kiss he . he 's shocked . she run off giggle with she friend . a boy walk through in the background and make a lewd hip humping gesture at the tv camera . int . kitchen jody 's mom can not believe what she 's see on the news . ext . house jody walk in the back door . int . kitchen her mom flip off the tv as jody enter the kitchen . jody hi mom . marge hi princess . jody Mom ? marge yes ? jody I need to ask you something . marge you can ask I anything . jody have you ever hear of someone name Lisa sherman ? Mom 's cut hand start to shake . she pretend that she do not know who Lisa sherman be but she obviously do . marge Lisa sherman ? jody yeah . who be she ? marge I do not know . where do you hear that name . jody I overhear daddy mention she to someone . I he think she 's the killer . marge what ? jody that 's what he say . marge do he say anything else about she ? jody no but he get really weird . like I have never see he act . really angry and super uptight . marge ( lie ) I have never hear of she . maybe something else be on he mind . jody no . I think she live she a long time ago . like twenty - eight year ago . when dad be eighteen . marge not that I know of . jody be suspicious . jody think for a moment , then pick she coat back up . marge where be you go ? jody the library . I will be fine . jody head out the door . her mother go to the window , very concerned and watch she ride away . she pick up the phone . int . police station - brent' office brent be on the phone . his deputy be with he . brent what 's the address ? thanks . he hang up the phone . deputy you find she ? brent there 's a Lisa shermer live just sixty mile west of here . over the Indiana border . I be go . deputy we need you here . I can bring she in . brent no. I will handle this . int . station Brent and the deputy head into the main station area . Brent grab he gun . the desk sergeant be on the phone . desk sergeant Sir , we be get call from other town . boy throughout the country have hear about what 's go on here and they be head we way , apparently , look for girl . brent put a squad car at every entrance to town . the desk sergeant pick up another call . sergeant you wife 's on line three . brent I can not talk to she now . sergeant there 's a problem with jody . brent tell she she have to handle it . he head outside . ext . police station the deputy walk Brent to he car . deputy as bizarre as it may sound , seem someone be plan to have a big party tonight . brent no ? deputy should we close down any eruption ? brent be you sure ? deputy we be see all the sign in town . brent I like the idea of all the kid in one place . if it happen , just keep a man outside until you hear from I . I will be back in a couple of hour . he jump in he car and speed away . ext . library the gray old ivy - cover town library . jody ride up and head inside . int . library jody enter the vast library . it 's empty . almost spooky . a seventy year old lady , miss dunlop be behind the desk , robotically stamp the back flap of book . miss dunlop hi jody . what can I do for you ? jody hi miss dunlop . where do you keep the old town papers ? miss dunlop they be all on microfiche . what year be you look for ? jody twenty eight year ago . miss dunlop follow I . int . library - upstair they head up the stair and into the microfilm room . jody this place be empty . miss dunlop everyone 's get ready for the party . jody you hear about that ? miss dunlop of course . no one ever shut up in the libary . kid be whisper about it all day . jody do not you think it 's sick ? miss dunlop not at all . in fact , I think about go . jody you miss dunlop ? she hand jody the microfiche . miss dunlop unfortunately I qualify . think I be too old ? jody ( lie ) no . miss dunlop you be sweet . I really wish someone have throw a party like that when I be you age . my life might have be very different . she slowly head down the stair . cut to : int . library - microfiche room the newspaper headline from 1970 pass by . jody be watch they flash by . she slow down , then go back . she 's find what she 's look for . a picture of lisa sherman . it 's she yearbook picture . she look eerily identical to the picture that jody draw . the headline read ' High School senior attack in park ' . jody hear footstep come up the stair . she look up . the footstep stop . the old library be still . she sense that someone be watch she . jody ( a little scared ) be that you miss dunlop ? no answer . she hear a bit of rustling from behind one of the shelf of book directly behind she . a book accidentally drop to the ground . she realize that someone be right there , watch she . jody who 's there ? she see a pair of shoe behind the book shelf but she can not see the face . the shoe start around the book shelf , toward she . jody leap to she foot , ready to run . her mom appear . jody Mom ? you be spying on I . Mom look at the monitor , at the picture of Lisa sherman 's face . marge I want you to come home with I right now , jody . jody who be she ? marge she 's nobody you should be concerned with . jody whoever try to kill I be make up to look exactly like this picture of Lisa sherman , clothes and all . I think that concern I . marge do not make I order you . jody sit back down . jody you go to drag I out and I in my room until I go to college ? marge sit down next to jody and take she hand . marge if I have to . please let I protect you . jody be at a crossroad . jody do not know what to do . her mother hug she , put she arm around she , and almost lift she out of she seat . she lead she down the stair , away from the old newspaper . int . library jody 's mom lead she across the vast hallway . they come to the door lead out of the library . jody stop and look back . she see the old spinster miss dunlop , stack the book . jody wait . marge what ? jody ( assert herself ) I be not leave . I want to know why you and dad be so freak out . Three of my classmate be dead . Mom do not like this at all . CUT to : ext . library a beautiful garden on the edge of the library . the autumn wind be blow . the leave be at the height of foliage . jody and she mom be seat on a carve stone bench . marge year ago , something horrible happen in this town . when I be still in high school . a girl name Elizabeth sherman be attack by four drunken senior . jody attack how ? marge she be rape . at least that 's what she claim . jody you do not believe she ? marge ( confess ) no , I believe she . she be in pretty bad shape . Inside and out . but the boy be never formally charge . jody why not ? marge they be child of we lead citizen , star of the football team . and she be a loner . a angry girl that no one really like . she would call they ' queer ' . jody people think this guy have a right to rape she because she call they ' queer ' ? marge they be prove to she they be not . they be very drunk . thing be different back then . you think kid be sexually bottled up today .... jody and the police do nothing ? marge everyone just kind of looked the other way . jody how could you ? marge I do not know . we just do . I guess I be kind of scared go against the gain . against the whole town . jody the word be mob . marge I have regret it ever since . never run with the herd just because they be the herd . jody who be they ? marge freeze . she do not want to be ask that . marge who ? jody the man . do any of they still live around here ? marge two man leave town right after it happen . jody you be not tell I something . marge take a deep breath , unsure what to say . marge Mr. sisler be one of they . jody ( shocked ) the principal ? marge yes . jody who be the fourth ? marge be stricken . she look down . marge God . it 's like everything that be ever repress in this town be suddenly bubbling up through the ground . jody get it . jody dad ? her mother can not deny it any longer . jody ( cont 'd ) ( horrify ) that be why he call Mr. sisler first . he be one of they . marge not a day have go by where you father have not tear himself to shred for what happen . we both have ... jody no ! jody get up . marge he dedicated he life to law enforcement after ... jody run off , very upset . ext . library jody jump on she bicycle and speed off . ext . garden marge sit down and stare straight ahead , crush . ext . indiana dirt road the rusty old mailbox on the forget dirt road read ' Lisa sherman ' Brent 's police car turn into the driveway . int . car Brent pull up to the house . he sit and stare for a moment . ext . lisa sherman' house it 's a dilapidate old house , uncare for , overgrown , a ' for sale ' sign stand crookedly in the front yard . Brent get out of the car and head to the front door , step over rusty tool and old auto part . ext . front door Brent lift he hand and be about to knock . he can not . he walk around in a circle , compose himself , prepare himself to face Lisa sherman after all this year . he draw the gun from he holster and knock . no one answer . he knock again . no one answer , again . a woman , the caretaker , appear from the side of the house . caretaker hello ? brent I be look for Lisa sherman . caretaker she 's not here . brent you know where I can find she ? caretaker St. Michael 's . brent she work at a church ? caretaker she reside there . out back . she die a year and a half ago . Brent feel terribly guilty about what he do to Lisa sherman , but also terribly relieved that he will never have to face she . it 's be a long time since he 's confront he hide past . he put he gun away . brent of what ? caretaker a bullet to the right cerebellum . brent she be murder ? caretaker no . she eat a pistol for lunch one day . Brent can not help but feel responsible . brent can you describe she ? how old be she ? caretaker I never meet the woman . I be just take care of the place until they sell it . brent can you get inside ? caretaker I can . brent I know Lisa sherman long ago . it 's extremely important that I get inside and try to verify that it 's the same woman who live here . caretaker I do not give a fuck what you reason be . you pay I ten dollar , you can go inside otherwise , get a warrant . he pull out he wallet . cut to : ext . kenny' house jody ride up to Kenny 's house . int . house Kenny see she from he bedroom window . int . front hallway Kenny come tear downstairs . ext . front door Kenny , open the front door , very excited . kenny jody ! ( he kiss she ) yes ! you be here . jody wipe a tear from she eye . Kenny notice how upset she be . kennt ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? jody burst into tear . she hug he . he hug she back and lead she inside . int . house a old rundown house . the clutter smell . whoever live here have little to no self respect . garbage be pile up in every corner , order be nowhere . Brent be repulse by what he see . he be not expect such chaos . he know he help create this mess . brent be there a picture of she somewhere ? caretaker no picture . no mirror . be she a crazy woman when you know she ? brent ( feel very guilty ) no. caretaker could not tell she go to off herself , huh ? brent no , you could not . caretaker I have be in a lot of people 's house and this one 's the creepiest . brent really ? caretaker yeah . you should check downstairs . brent why ? caretaker people always keep they secret in they attic or in they basement . all the weirdness in this house take place in the basement . the woman flip on the basement light . there be several lock on the door . Brent be very scared of what he 's go to find down there . int . basement Brent step down into the basement . it be a combination prison / bedroom . it look like it have not be clean in year . Water drip for the ceiling . Rat trap be everywhere . Old break child 's toy be stack in one corner below some handcuffs which be bolt into the wall above a cot . the cot be small , the mattress rotted . Old shit lie dry on the floor piss stain line every wall . huge nail and odd iron object sit in one corner . Brent walk over to the dresser and look in it . he pull out a pair of grow man 's trousers . he examine they . caretaker they look like they would fit you . Three buck . Brent thing for a moment then throw the pants down . he dart back up the stair . the caretaker laugh . int . kenny be jody and Kenny be in Kenny 's bedroom , sit on he bed . kenny all we parent be weirdo . I think my dad be into hooker . I know he light cat on fire when he be a kid . jody ( all wound up ) my dad act like he 's johnny Fucking perfect and he 's really johnny Fucking rapist . kenny ( compassionately ) I think this be a big part of grow up . it 's lose you spiritual virginity . it 's when you finally discover that you parent be not anything they tell you they be . they be even bigger hypocrite than you friend . jody I can not believe I listen to one word of he shit . kenny but if he would be send to jail , there would be no jody . jody so I should feel happy that he get away with it ? kenny I do not know . I kind of be . jody , still cry , stare at Kenny for a second then lean in and kiss he with everything she 's get , ready for action . kenny be you come to the party ? jody let 's just start a party right here , right fuck now . jody quickly take she own shirt off , rip off he , and pounce on he . he 's take aback by she sudden aggressiveness . he have no idea how to respond to it . int . town hall Brent come storming out of the hall of record . int . phone booth frantic dial . Brent be on the phone . int . principal' office the phone ring . the answer machine pick up . brent ( leave a message ) Tom ? Lisa sherman be dead . but you will never believe what I find out . meet I at the Roadhouse on Route nine in a half hour . we need to talk in private . as Brent finish he message the camera move across the principal 's desk , first revealing a few blood drop on a piece of paper and then the killer 's hand , hold the razor . the killer have be listen to the message . Tom , the principal , be sit in the corner in a large puddle of he own blood , tie to the radiator . he 's barely alive . his tongue have be cut out , he foot cut off at the ankle and shove into he mouth . one eye be miss , the other one have be leave in only so that Tom can look into the killer 's face as he 's torture . the razor blade be lift off the table . Tom brace himself , grip he hand , prepare for more pain . the camera move back to the phone as we hear Tom gag and then the killer walk out of the room . int . kenny be jody be all over Kenny . he 's really weird out by she aggressiveness . she reach for he crotch and find that he 's soft . she roll over , embarrassed . jody ( worried ) what 's wrong ? be I do something wrong ? kenny just make I feel like a piece of meat . jody I be make you feel like meat ? kenny yeah . jody roll over , a bit piss off and very confuse . jody you break up with I because I will not fuck you . kenny that 's not why we break up . jody you flaunt some slut in my face . kenny Sharon 's far from a slut . jody and when I finally agree to spread my leg , you accuse I of treat you like meat . kenny jody , you be only do this to get back at you dad . it do not have that much to do with I . she get up angry , and start put she clothes back on . that be the wrong note to play . the truth hurt . kenny please do not go . please . stay , we will just talk . then go to the party . jody this party be sick . she head to the door . kenny jody . wait . jody what ? kenny I be scared . Three kid be dead . I want to go to this party . jody then go to the party . run with the herd Kenny . just do not spew out all that 'be a individual , assert yourself ' crap anymore . she head out , very upset . int . drug store insert - a condom slide across the counter . the register ring it up . a teenage boy be stand there buy the condom . the camera pull back to reveal another teenage boy behind he , also hold a condom and then another and another . all tell , the store be completely jam pack with over a hundred boy , all stand in line , all buy condom . CUT to : int . bedroom Sandy be get ready to go to the party , make herself look as hot as possible , and she look hot . there 's a knock on the door . she 's scared to answer it , consider how she 's dress . her dad come in and sit on the bed . Sandy turn away from and button she top shirt button up . dad I know where you be go . sandy ( concerned ) you do ? dad you brother tell we . sandy daddy .... dad shh. I be not go to tell you not to go . sandy you be not ? dad no . I could not do that . I have something for you . he place something on she dresser , smile at she , and leave . she look at what he 's leave . it 's a condom . CUT to : ext . STREET carload of kid head toward cherry Falls , howling out the window , guzzle beer . ext . STREET Police car screech to a stop , barricade the entrance to town , prepare for the onslaught . int . car Brent be drive out of the Indiana town when he see something out the window . ext . STREET it 's ST . michael church . Brent pull over . ext . graveyard Lisa sherman 's headstone . it 's a modern one . her picture be on it . it 's the same woman as the sketch artist draw . Brent stare at the headstone , alone in the cemetery , feel ashamed . brent Lisa , I be so sorry . int . sandy'' live room Sandy appear at the top of the stair , deck out , ready for the party . her mom burst into tear . Sandy head toward the front door . she father walk up to she and hug she . her brother Andy , smirk in the b.g . Mom cry harder . andy just think of it like she 's have a flu shot . purely preventive . cut to : int . house a kid raid he parent 's liquor cabinet , pour five different type of liquor into a pickle jar . another house another kid raid he parent weed stash , grab a handful of bud . a third house a third kid raid he parent medicine cabinet . lot of barbiturate in this house . montage - other house kid be climb out they window , climb down tree and sheet rope , try to get out , sometimes be chase and catch by they parent . one kid be lock in he room , another drive far from town . everyone 's ground but everyone 's go to the party any way . ext . wood kid from other town park car at the edge of town and try to sneak into cherry fall through the wood . Police try and cut they off . ext . town jody pedal quickly down the street . she 's go nowhere . she start to cry . ext . ROADHOUSE Brent pull into the roadhouse to look for Tom sisler . as he walk inside we notice the killer 's Imperial be park there as well . Brent 's in trouble . int . car Mark 's car pull up in front of the party house . Sandy squeeze he arm , excited . Music blare from the house . they all hop out and head up to the bash . ext . house all sort of kid make they way across the front lawn . they be carry pillow , sheet , blanket , anything and everything that will make the wood floor more comfortable . one couple run towards the front door howling . another boy pull he obviously frighten girlfriend into the house , reassure she that everything will be fine . lot of kid be milling around outside because two big football player and they date be guard the front door . there 's a big sign that say " couple only " . lot of hook up be take place on the front lawn . ext . neighbor's yard two computer nerd be hide behind a tree , watch the other kid arrive . they spot the two homely girl we see earlier . nerd 1 there 's Jan and Heather . let 's grab they quick before someone else do . nerd 2 ok . nerd 1 hide you laptop here . nerd 2 no. nerd 1 you can not bring it . nerd 2 I be not leave it here . nerd 2 head toward the girl , take he laptop . nerd 1 follow , piss off . they walk up near the homely girl and make eye contact . after several uncomfortable moment , someone shout for a upper window . girl in window marisa ! find someone fast . floor space be almost go . this only heighten the uncomfortable ness outside . one of the homely girl look at the laptop . nerd 2 ever play quake ? homely girl 2 what 's that ? nerd 2 a computer game . the four just gravitate toward each other , now ' couple ' . they enter the house next to each other , all four terrify , none even acknowledge yet that they be all in danger . int . car Ben and Cindy arrive . cindy ( finalize ) I get all you CD . BEN not my import . cindy ok not you import . all you other cds and you k2 snowboard . BEN that 's a awful lot for ten minute of beast ? cindy do not flatter yourself . you will be lucky to last ten second with I Ben . she kiss he passionately , and get out of the car . he follow she , smitten , like a puppy dog . int . house kid file through the house , create floor space , move furniture , pile it high . a keg of beer flow in the corner . rock and Roll blare from all direction . everyone 's excited . CUT to : ext . STREET jody ride down the street , just pedale fast , as fast as she can . she 's in she own world , very upset . a car come toward the intersection on the other street but do not slow down , know the light be about to change . a boy in a pass car whistle at jody , waking she out of she stupor . jody look up just as the light turn red . she hit she brake and skid into the tail of the oncoming car . she glance off it and go slide off the road , into a few garbage can . the car nick another car and pull over . across the street , we see that the killer 's imperial be stop at the red light . jody get up , shake . he knee and elbow be badly scratch . the owner of the car come run over to jody . owner be you o.k .? jody I be ok . car owner be you sure ? jody yes . leonard ( o.c . ) you do not look ok . jody turn around . her teacher Leonard marliston be there . the killer 's imperial be park behind he . jody wipe away the tear . jody ( start to cry ) I be . leonard my house be just a couple of block away . why do not you come on over and clean that cut up . jody ok . should I put my bike in the back of you car ? leonard can you just follow I ? the back be full ? jody sure . CUT to : ext . party house kid be still arrive from all over but there 's no more room in the house so the party start spilling out into the backyard . one couple spread out on the roof . a cop car have pull up in front and the deputy be just keep a watch on the house . ext . town square kid be start to gather and hook up in the town square . as the police try to break up one gather , another one start . CUT to : int . car Leonard drive down the road . he smile into he rear view mirror . ext . STREET in Leonard 's rear view mirror we see jody pedale behind he . a couple of boy lean out of they car and invite jody to the go to the party . siren scream out in the distance . ext . leonard house Leonard pull into he driveway . jody pull in behind . she lean the bike on the front porch and they head into the house . leonard you be not go to the party ? jody you know about that too ? int . leonard house Mr. Leonard open the door to he house . jody walk in behind he . leonard of course . you be not scared ? jody of course I be scared . leonard then you should go . jody you think I should go to the party , Mr. marliston ? leonard I really do . for you own safety . jody do not know what to make of this . it 's not what she expect to hear from she teacher . Leonard go into the kitchen . jody sit on the couch and look around . she 's immediately sense that something be off about the place . it 's certainly not the way she imagine a teacher 's house to look . it have all sort of city plan , map , and drawing on the wall . year of cherry Falls yearbook and newspaper be stack in pile . he reappear with two beer and a pot fill with soapy water . he hand she a beer . jody I just feel so manipulate . by everyone . my dad , my boyfriend , and now some psychopath I do not even know . she take the Beer , surprised he 's give she alcohol . he kneel down in front of she and begin to clean the wound on she leg . leonard we be all manipulate . from the moment we be bear . the event that fatalistically shape my life happen before I be even bear . jody really ? leonard yes . we have no real freedom . you of all people should understand that . this may sting . jody be beginning to feel strange . there 's something off kilter about this whole encounter . jody I ? why I ? leonard because of you father . the way what he sin shape you . he start put a disinfectant on she wound . jody what do you know about my father ? leonard he 's a rapist . like mine . she grimace . the disinfectant hurt . jody ( a little scared ) _ you father rape someone ? leonard Lisa sherman be my mother . do you know who that be ? jody yes . leonard I be bear nine month after she be rape . one of the four man who rape she be my father . I have no idea which one . jody you be the kill . leonard yes that 's the whole point . this be what I be put on this earth to do . rape the town that rape my mother . steal its pristine innocence like it steal hers . I have plan this since I be a very little boy . you have no real freedom either . you father have cast a shadow that you have never elude . jody get up and start back away from he but he get up quickly . he 's not let she get away . jody bolt for the door but she do not have time to open it . Leonard grab she and throw she across the room . jody smashes into a table . he bend down to pick she up , but she pull a book case over on he , narrowly escape . she run for the back door . int . back door jody open the back door and get halfway out when Leonard run up to she , pull she away from the door , and slug she in the face , send she sprawling to the ground . he pick she up and punch she a second time , break she nose , knock she half out . he pick she up by the waist and carry she to the basement stair . int . basement stair Leonard throw jody down into the dark basement . she tumble down the stair , hit she head on the cold stone floor . he come charge down after she , close the door behind they . CUT to : int . party house the CD be now skip . kid be in every corner , bed , and closet , make out . every square inch of the house be be take as the party shift into higher gear . it 's a sea of sheet and blanket rippling with body under they . giggles and moan be hear every second . int . a closet Sandy and Mark be gently kissing in the closet , still stand up . Mark study Sandy 's face for a second , then slowly lift she dress , slide he hand on to she thigh . MARK you be so beautiful . sandy so be you . MARK now do not be nervous . sandy you be the one who 's hand be shaking . Mark smile , embarrassed . they kiss . they be fall in love . ecu - electronic beep come off a computer screen as a warrior armed with a huge plasma gun fight he way into a dark cave , shoot plasma everywhere . the nerd and the homely girl be in the corner play the computer game , all scare to make a move . people around they be shushing they as they blow up monster . one guy finally have have it . h get up , grab the laptop and toss it out the window . nerd 2 be pissed off . nerd 2 hey ! that be a 3 k machine . nerd 1 told you to hide it . homely girl 2 start to laugh . it be kind of funny . then they all start to laugh , even nerd 2 . there 's nothing leave to do but laugh . except kiss . and that they do . int . bedroom Cindy and Ben be naked under a blanket in the corner . BEN one more time . cindy ( negotiate ) I get the import . BEN ok ! he 's all over she . she 's into it too . int . bedroom Sharon turn up the heat on Kenny , run she hand across he bare chest . Kenny break off the kiss , not really into it . sharon you ok ? kenny just think about something . sharon what ? kenny there 's go to be very few virgin leave in school on Monday . it could be really dangerous for they if the killer be not catch . sharon I guess so . luckily we will not have that problem . she kiss he again . he stop she again , button he shirt . sharon what be you do ? kenny I get to go . sharon what ? kenny I be worried about someone . he put he clothes on . sharon you can not just leave I here . boy' voice stay put Sharon . I will hop on over when I be do here . girl voice you will not ! other laugh . Kenny look around . kenny jody be right , this party be sick . Kenny button he shirt and head out . Sharon be piss . CUT to : int . basement as jody come to , she find herself gag , tie to a chair in the dark basement . she can not see much but she can hear the sound of water drip and a rat scurrying around . she tip she chair over and fall onto the cold floor . she try to remove she gag by rub she head against the ground . ext . leonard house Leonard go to he station wagon and open the back . int . car a body be hide under a blanket . Leonard pick it up . it 's too heavy . int . basement jody can not undo she gag but she notice a piece of glass under a dresser . she turn herself around to grab for it . she squeeze she hand under the dresser , reach for the shard . the door at the top of the stair open . Leonard appear in silhouette carry the body wrap in a blanket . he throw it down the stair and turn the light on . the basement be almost a exact replication of the basement in he mother 's house . a cot in the same spot . the dresser as well . the Lisa sherman costume be neatly hang from big metal hook . Leonard sit jody back up . a little blood drip from jody 's close hand . she have the shard . Leonard tie the other body to a chair face jody . he start sing sly and the family stone . leonard ( sing ) ' it 's a family affair , it 's a family affair . ' he undoe the blanket revealing the batter but still breathe body of jody 's dad . Brent 's bleed from the forehead , nose , and mouth . he 's badly beat up . jody gag on she gag . her dad look she in the eye . leonard well , we may be family one in four chance . Leonard pick up he razor and start towards jody . leonard sheriff Brent , you will be the second of the four horseman of the apocalypse to die . but first you will watch as I slice up you little girl . Brent start frantically shaking no , try to escape as Leonard kneel in front of jody and run he hand up under she dress , expose she shave , nubile leg . the ' V ' be still fresh in she calf . Leonard start to cut a ' I ' next to it . jody 's face grimace in pain . blood drip to the ground . her leg start to shake . leonard you be shaking too much . if you do not stop shaking jody , I will have to kill before I carve . we would not want that . jody concentrate on try to show no pain , not to flinch . it 's tough . her father watch , horrify . cut to : ext . STREET Kenny run down the street , head toward jody 's house . he stop to catch he breath for a second . he notice something . ext . leonard be jody 's bicycle be still lean against Leonard 's porch . ext . STREET Kenny cross the street to Leonard 's house and inspect the bicycle . it 's hers . int . basement Leonard continue to work on jody 's bare leg , start the ' R '. jody and she father stare at each other , helplessly . leonard my mother say , after you and you three droog rape she Brent , that people in town refuse to let she use they bathroom . be that true ? do people really call she a slut and tell she ' you can not shit here ' ? she use to snarl that at I . that 's all she really do , at least in my direction , be snarl . when she look at I , she see only you . jody gag in pain . Brent look away . leonard open you eye Brent . watch . or will I cause she much more pain . Brent open he eye . more blood drip . jody start to lose consciousness , barely able to stand it anymore . the doorbell ring . Leonard look up , concerned . ext . house Kenny ring it again . no one answer . he walk over to the window and look through a crack underneath the curtain . int . house Kenny 's Pov - jody 's coat and purse be still on the couch . ext . house Kenny sense that something be really off . he ring again but no one answer . worried , he pop the screen . it 's break and enter time . int . live room Kenny climb into the live room and look around . kenny hello ? jody ? int . basement Leonard hear Kenny . he can not ignore he any longer . leonard who the fuck be break into my house ? Leonard check jody 's and Brent 's rope be tight , then head up the stair . as soon as he disappear , jody wriggle toward she father and start cut he rope with the shard of glass . int . house Leonard come out of the basement and peer into the live room . int . live room Leonard see Kenny open jody 's purse , check it out . Leonard keep the razor hide behind he back . leonard my wallet 's on the mantle when you have finish you rifling , Kenny . Kenny look up , startle . kenny ( nervously ) oh , hey Mr. marliston . w- what 's jody 's bike do on you front porch ? leonard that all depend Kenny . depend on why the fuck you have break into you history teacher 's house ? kenny alright , marliston , I know she 's here . leonard what be you talk about ? no one here but we chicken . int . basement jody cut through she dad 's rope . her dad immediately take jody 's gag off . int . live room Kenny head out the door . jody ( o.c. ) help ! Kenny hear the cry and turn around . kenny that be jody ! Leonard say nothing . he just stare at Kenny . jody ( o.c. ) somebody help ! Kenny head toward the basement door to investigate . Brent start kick on the other side of the lock door . kenny jody ?! Leonard move towards Kenny with the razor . Kenny turn just in time . he grab Leonard 's arm as Leonard try to slit he throat . they struggle . the door lock start to shake as Brent continue to kick the door open from the other side . Leonard pick up a lamp with he free hand and smashes Kenny across the head . Kenny fall to the ground . the door pop open . Brent charge out . Leonard turn to he and slashes he across the chest as Brent spray red paint in Leonard 's eye . Leonard scream , and lunge at Brent . Brent grab Leonard . use every ounce of energy he have , he throw Leonard down the basement stair . Leonard grab Brent as he tumble down the stair . the two roll to the bottom , smash they head along the way . as they come to a stop , Brent smashes he head hard on the floor . Leonard end up on top of he . he raise the razor and slit Brent across the face . brent jody run ! jody crawl up the stair , drag she bad leg . instinctually , Brent hang on to Leonard , as Leonard try to get to jody . Leonard slashes Brent across the face again . jody no ! brent ( die ) run ! jody crawl to the top of the stair . Leonard do everything he can to get away from Brent but Brent hang on . jody watch , horrify , at the top of the stair . Kenny appear at the top of the stair and pull jody away from the gruesome sight as Leonard continue to slash Brent 's body open . Brent roll over , a bloody mess . int . top of stair Kenny slam the door shut as Leonard charge up the stair . Kenny hold the door shut with all he might . jody my dad 's down there ! kenny he 's dead ! we have get to get the fuck out of here ! Kenny push a dresser in front of it , trapping Leonard . jody I can not walk . I think he cut right through a tendon . Leonard start chopping through the door with a axe . Kenny help jody out the front door . ext . house jody and Kenny limp out of the house . Kenny grab jody 's bike . kenny climb on . int . back pantry Leonard break through the door . int . kitchen Leonard run into the kitchen and look out the window . ext . house Kenny and jody be peddle away down the driveway . ext . back door Leonard burst out of the house and jump into he car . int . car Leonard start the car . ext . house the car squeal out of the driveway , rim sparking wildly . ext . suburban STREET Kenny frantically pedal the bike up the pristine suburban street . jody hang on for dear life . jody go to the police station ! kenny deputy Webber 's at the party . it 's only three block away . Leonard 's car squeal around the corner behind they . jody fuck ! it 's he . int . car Leonard step on the gas . ext . STREET Kenny pedal as fast as he can , go up onto the sidewalk but that do not stop Leonard . he come screeching up on the sidewalk right behind Kenny , ready to run he over . Kenny tear up onto a lawn , Leonard follow he , grass spew up everywhere . Kenny cut hard between two tree and back onto the street . he head onto the other sidewalk . leonard remain in pursuit , knock into several car , flatten several fence , and mutilate a cat along the way . Leonard gain on they as they zigzag up and down the pristine street , destroy it . Leonard pull up right behind they . he hit the gas . Kenny have to turn hard to avoid get hit . Kenny can not hold the bike upright and it slide out from under they . ext . backyard Kenny and jody tumble up someone 's driveway , smash into they fence . ext . STREET Leonard can not hold the car straight and it 360s across several lawn . finally stop , smash into a park car . ext . backyard Kenny help jody to she foot . back of house the german shepard that life in the house come charge out of the dog door towards they , bark and snarling . kenny shit . Kenny help jody over the fence , then leap up on it just as the german shepard snap at he . he jump down on the other side , safe . the german shepard smell something else and tear away . ext . front of house Leonard get out of he car and take a step toward the house when the german shepard come charge out the open fence . Leonard scream . the dog pounce on he , start humping he leg . Leonard roll he eye . the dog thrust away . close on the razor . Leonard raise the razor , contemplate , then roll he eye . he push the dog off of he . it let out a pant growl , almost like it 's say ' go so soon lover boy ? ' Leonard hop back in he car , speed off down the street . the dog bark wildly up at the night sky . talk about be leave with a hard - on . ext . party house the house be dark . the light be all out . ext . road the deputy check he watch . a policeman come run up . policeman we just find another body . deputy who 's ? policeman Tom sisler . he be murder at school . two kid go into he office to fuck and they find he , with he tongue cut out and he foot jamme into he mouth . killer also chop off he pecker and stuff it in he pencil holder . deputy Jesus . any word from Brent ? policeman nope . the switchboard be lightning up downtown . kid from other town be start to congregate in the park and at the high school . it 's turn into woodstock except there 's no concert . deputy call Brent on the horn . see where he be . what he want we to do . I will head over to the school . policeman ok . the deputy jump into he car . deputy do not leave this party until you hear from I . the policeman look up at the house . policeman but I should not shut it down ? deputy no. Hell , it 's the quietest goddamn party I have ever see . ext . suburban STREET jody and Kenny climb over a fence into another backyard . jody be limping badly . Kenny be help she along . jody thanks for come back for I . kenny I love you . she kiss he . he kiss she back . int . car Leonard have pull over down the street from the party . ext . STREET Kenny and jody appear from a backyard , across the street from the party . int . police car the officer sit in he car , try to call Brent . officer Brent ? ( no answer ) come in Brent . there 's a knock at the car window . the officer look up , startle . ext . car Leonard be look in the window . int . car the officer roll down the window . officer Jesus Christ have ball in he soup , marliston , what would you do , eat out a pizza or something ? what the fuck happen to you face ? leonard hey , look , elvis . officer where ? leonard you really be a god damn rube . Leonard slashes the officer 's throat open in one savage swoop . he slump over the steering wheel , throat cut beyond repair , blood squirting everywhere . leonard ( hum ) ' family affair . oh yes it 's a family affair ' . ext . party jody and Kenny limp up to the party . there be no police outside . jody where be the police ? jody look down the road , let out a blood curdle scream . leonard be slowly limping towards the house , gore drip razor in hand . jody oh GOD it's he ! kenny Quick ! in the house . he will not look for we in there . Kenny and jody limp toward the front door . int . party house Kenny and jody limp through the front door . couple be everywhere . there 's no room to even walk . the party have reach it 's ' climax ' . we see the face of teenage boy and girl as they lose they virginity . they run the gamut of emotion . some be terrify , some be ecstatic . some be concentrate as hard as they have ever concentrate , some be close they eye , try to fade out . we see Sandy , Mark , Cindy , and Ben all have a blast . Sharon have manage to find a new partner and the nerd be riding the homely girl . it 's orgiastic . Kenny and jody can only marvel at it as they limp through the maze of body look for a place to hide . kenny grab a sheet off the ground and carry jody up the stair . int . master bedroom Kenny carry jody into the huge bedroom . a couple of kid look up as the door open . there must be over a 100 teenager in the room , adjoin bathroom , and closet . the room be just a sea of kid humping two deep , under blanket . kid on floor there 's no room in here . another kid yeah . get lose we be pack . Kenny pay no attention to they . he shove he way into a corner , pissing off everyone on the way , step on a few hand and other appendage . he put jody down and start unbuttone she shirt . jody ( whisper ) what be you do ? kenny pretend we be just another couple . he pull she under the sheet . int . party - downstair Leonard come in the front door , he razor in hand , the policeman 's blood still drip from it . he look around , wonder if they be here . no one seem to notice Leonard as he hunt for jody and Kenny , walk through the sea of body , drip blood on the back of a couple of kid . a serial killer at a fuckfest . Leonard smile at the sight of all the teenager copulate . int . master bedroom Kenny and jody curl up next to each other . Kenny kiss she . she kiss he back . they be into each other . they can not keep they hand off each other . they start to really make out . int . party downstair bedroom Leonard move into one of the bedroom . he switch the light on . the kid look up piss off . there 's not a inch of floor space . boy hey ! turn that off . girl Mr. marliston ?! leonard hi samantha . Excuse I . he step over a thrust hairy ass , survey the room . no Kenny . no jody . girl ( freak ) what be you do here ?! the girl break into orgasm before she can barely finish the sentence . Leonard flip the light off and head out of the room . through out the entire proceedings , everyone be fuck like no one enter the room . homeostasis remain stable . int . party staircase Leonard head up the stair , still look for Kenny and jody . a couple of kid on the staircase notice he . he almost trip on one . they start whisper to each other , freak out that a teacher be there . more and more kid start look up the party have definitely be disturb . int . master bedroom jody hear the disturbance . she stop Kenny and listen . int . bedroom Leonard check another bedroom . he flip the light on . no jody , no Kenny . he leave . more and more kid notice he . int . master bedroom jody and Kenny know he 's close . Leonard appear in the doorway . kenny ( whisper ) it 's he . Leonard accidentally step on a boy 's hand as he enter the room . the boy , jimmy , be piss off . he look up and realize who it be . leonard pay no attention to I . jimmy what be you do here ? boy across the room he 's look to get laid . jimmy girlfriend Mr. marliston ? she grab she clothes , embarrassed . Jimmy get up . he 's very drunk . Kenny and jody peek out from under they sheet . jimmy you fuck I up ! leonard what ? jimmy you give I a ' D '. leonard I be sure you should have fail . jimmy I be ground for two fuck month because of you ! jody know she friend be in danger . jody Jimmy leave he alone ! he 's imbalance . Leonard see jody . he start toward she but Jimmy stupidly jump in he way . leonard please get out of my way or I will have to hurt you . jimmy I know you be a pervert . always wear that fuck doofy glass , and drive a station wagon . jody he 's dangerous Jimmy ! jimmy so be I ! I be gonna rip you cock off marliston ! leonard touch ' Leonard wind back , slashes at Jimmy , lopping off he dick . blood fly up , splatter across Jimmy 's face . Jimmy scream . Leonard slashes open he neck . blood splatter everywhere , on kid 's back , face , butt . his girlfriend scream as Jimmy fall to the ground , die . Leonard begin to panic . so do the kid . Leonard see jody across the room and start toward she as the other kid in the room rise to they foot and stampede the fuck out of dodge like a herd of frighten elephant . int . different bedroom kid in other room hear the commotion and break they embrace . boy ( o.c. ) run ! Mr. marliston 's here ! and he 's horny ! panic sweep through the whole party . everyone want out . int . bedroom Leonard can not get to jody because too many kid be try to get out the bedroom door , push toward it , sweeping he up in they flow . it have turn quickly into chaos with a teenage logjam at the door . Leonard keep he eye pin on jody across the room , through the body . he can not make headway so he raise the razor to slash way to she . jody see he raise the razor . jody no ! Leonard start slashing he way toward jody . he slashes a girl across the stomach , a boy across the face , a girl across the breast . it 's a bloodbath , everyone 's scream . kide ' body fall to the ground , trip people , create even more chaos . Leonard lose he balance and be push to the ground as kid stampede over he . int . master bedroom jody and Kenny try to make it to the door . Leonard try to get up but he can not . he start crawl toward jody , slashing the leg of a couple of kid who be in he way , send they to the ground . one kid do a back flip through a glass coffee table , explode it , send a shard of glass out he throat . blood spray across the ceiling like a lawn sprinkler . through the sea of leg , Leonard see jody 's leg , the ' vir ' still freshly carve . he slashes he way towards jody . ext . house half naked kid come stream out of the house , it 's a bizarre sight . some of they stop and scream , notice the deputy ( he body have be hang upside down from a telephone pole , and disembowel ) . the house be almost burst as kid climb out the window and appear from the back . int . stairwell too many kid be try to get out at one . the staircase and all the hallway start totally back up but all the kid keep push forward . something 's get to give . int . bedroom Leonard keep crawl toward jody , get closer and closer . he scrunches over Jimmy 's severe penis , stain he khakis with gore . leonard come on ! this be eighty dollar independent khakis ! Limited edition ! God damn it ! int . stairwell the push continue . there 's nowhere to go . a boy get push over the balcony , fall to the ground below . int . bedroom Leonard be just a few foot from jody 's leg . jody and Kenny push closer to the door . Leonard reach for jody 's leg . he can not quite grab it . Kenny and jody reach the door . they be almost out . Leonard lung and grab jody 's leg . jody scream out in pain , fall into the crowd . jody Kenny ! Kenny try to grab for she but he can not reach she . the force of the mob push he out the door , through the vortex . int . upstair kid jam the staircase . there 's too many try to get down at once . everyone 's still push . the kid on the staircase can not keep they position and start fall forward , push harder . int . bedroom Leonard keep hold of jody 's leg and pull she toward he . ext . balconey Kenny try to get back to jody but there 's no way he can make headway back into that room . kenny jody ?! the staircase be now jamme with people , start to buckle . the banister break . kid start fall off the balcony and staircase , onto kid below , cracking skull , break bone . int . downstair lamp smash to the ground . tables be trample . basically , the entire inside of the house be destroy in the stampede which put something out of fuck jumanji to shame . int . bedroom Leonard get hold of jody 's waist and pull she towards he , razor ready . int . upstair corridor everyone give one final push out . Kenny be sweep on to the staircase . it can not take the pressure and finally crack . kid tumble on top of each other fall to the floor below as the staircase splinter . hurt kid be everywhere as more and more get push over the edge . it 's a disaster . Broken bone teenager litter the floor like it be a battlefield . Kenny manage to grab hold of the second floor as kid fall past he . the whole house begin to buckle . int . bedroom the room empty as the kid push out . Leonard pull jody up next to he and put the razor to she neck . he draw the first spot of blood . jody please ! you would not kill you sister , would you ? leonard you think you be my sister ? int . staircase Kenny manage to pull himself back up to the second floor . int . bedroom jody turn to look at leonard as Kenny appear in the doorway . jody we have the same color eye . he look into she eye . leonard you be right . we do . Leonard stare at jody for a moment , relax he grip , give Kenny just the break he need to dive for Leonard 's arm , surprising he , knock he over . they struggle for the razor but Leonard overpower he and grab it , cut he own hand . he turn and slice Kenny down the side , cut he deep . Kenny fight off the pain and leap on Leonard 's back , grab he arm around the neck . Leonard stand up and twirl around , try to knock Kenny off he back , smash he into wall . Kenny scream in pain , but do not let go , pull at Leonard 's face and throat . Leonard spin faster . jody struggle to she foot , hold she neck , still lose a little blood . Kenny 's grip start to slip as Leonard reach back , to slice he across the face and neck . leonard , back up towards the window , slip over a dildo . he scream , lose he grip on Kenny , go crash out the second story window . ext . house Leonard crash to the ground below , landing on he back on the front step . int . bedroom jody look out after he . he look up to she . they eye meet . ext . house kide start circle Leonard . Leonard get to he knee , still hold the razor . they start taunting he . boy 1 it 's the freak ! the kid inch closer to Leonard . girl 1 he 's still get the blade ! one kid kick he . Leonard slashes at the kid , but miss . another boy kick the knife out of he hand . a third pick it up . boy 3 come on ! it 's fuck he up time ! one boy kick Leonard in the face . another kick he in the rib , another in the ball . Leonard try to fight back for a second but slowly they all descend on he , take turn kick and beat the ever live shit out of he . it 's a feed frenzy . he disappear under the angry mob of teenager . int . bedroom jody help Kenny to he foot . kenny come on . let get out of here . ext . front yard Police car screech to a stop out front . the kid be all disappear off down the street . jody and kenny emerge out the front door , look down at leonard , barely alive , lie at bloody mess at the base of the step . leonard j- jody . p- please help I . please . Leonard spit up blood . jody squeal . Kenny cover she eye . close on the balcony overhead . the railing break off and the balcony come crash down , fall on Leonard , kill he . jody embrace Kenny tightly . kenny it 's all over now . dissolve to : ext . avon lake cemetery Cemetery - Brent 's coffin be in a grave . people be leave the funeral . jody be with she Mom . they be the last one there . they watch as the worker start to throw dirt on the coffin . jody take she mom 's hand in she own . they be close again . dissolve to : int . jody' bedroom - a month later it 's night . jody be asleep . ext . bedroom someone be in the shadow outside , climb up to she bedroom window . int . bedroom intruder 's Pov - through the window , jody be sound asleep in she bed , vulnerable . the window open . someone step in and move quietly over to the edge of the bed . she wake , startle . she look up . it's kenny . kenny ( smile ) I be all out of patience . he climb in she bed and take she . she let he . she 's into it . a pair of eye peer through the slate of jody 's closet door . someone be hide in she closet . killer be Pov - jody and Kenny be now in the middle of make love for the first time . it 's get hot . jody oh God , this be the way it should be . the closet door open . the real lisa sherman be there . maybe she be not dead after all ! she start toward jody , raise a huge butcher knife over she head . jody see she and scream . the knife come down toward the center of Kenny 's back . his face contort as the knife enter he body . jody scream as he cough up blood all over she breast . he look helplessly at jody , die as the knife come down again . but now it 's she father who 's do the stabbing ! int . jody' bedroom jody wake up from she dream , startle and shake . she look next to herself in bed . Kenny be lie there asleep , smile , probably dream of she . the window be open . he must have climb in . there be a little red spot on the sheet next to she . she cuddle up next to he as the sun start to rise outside . dissolve to : ext . cherry fall the entrance to the town . the hang sign read ' enter cherry Falls , Ohio ' . the beautiful town be now peaceful again . the cricket be chirp , the robin begin coo . suddenly a window come up and the hang sign begin to sway back and forth , almost on its own . CUT to black the end