CHERNOBYL episode 1 - " 1:23:45 " written by Craig mazin August 15 , 2018 copyright '' 2018 Home box Office , Inc. all rights reserve no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , exhibited , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including on any website , without prior written consent of home BOX office , inc . this material be the property of home BOX office , inc . and be intended for and restricted to use by home BOX office , inc . only . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . 101 102 over black 101 a man 's voice , tinny , over audio cassette hiss . recorded voice what be the cost of lie ? int . moscow apartment 102 a cigarette - slowly burn in a ashtray . recorded voice it 's not that we will mistake they for the truth . the real danger be that if we hear enough lie , then we no longer recognize the truth at all . what can we do then ? what else be leave but to abandon even the hope of truth , and content ourselves instead ... with storey . the apartment be cramped . bookshelve . stack of scientific journal . Soviet - era furniture . nicotine wallpaper . recorded voice in this storey , it do not matter who the heroes be . all we want to know be : who be to blame ? well . in this story , it be anatoly dyatlov . and he be the best choice . a arrogant , unpleasant man , he run the room that night , he give the order ... and no friend . or at least not important one . a cat pad softly over a typewriter on a wooden desk . through a open archway , we see a man sit at a kitchen table . take the cigarette from the ashtray . smoke . recorded voice and now dyatlov will spend the next ten year in a prison labour camp . in the kitchen - the soft tick - tick -tick of a small clock on the kitchen table . it 's a little past 1:00 am . title : moscow - april 26 , 1988 next to the clock : a cup of tea , the ashtray , and a chunky Soviet - era audio cassette recorder . tape play . recorded voice of course that sentence be doubly unfair . there be far great criminal than he at work . the listen man be : valery legasov , 52 . glass . pale skin , a bit papery . his hair be thinning in odd patch . recorded voice and as for what dyatlov do do , the man do not deserve prison . legasov take a drag on he cigarette . listen calmly to he own voice play back through the recorder . recorded voice he deserve death . legasov press stop on the recorder . pick up a small microphone wire to the cassette player . Hit play / record . legasov but instead , ten year for " criminal mismanagement " . what do that mean ? no one know and it do not matter . what do matter be that to they , justice be do . because you see ? a just world be a sane world . ( beat ) there be nothing sane about Chernobyl . what happen there , what happen after ... even the good we do ... all of it ... all of it ... ( beat ) madness . he remove he glass . rub he eye . exhausted . legasov I have give you everything I know . they will try to deny it , the way they always do . will you prevail ? I do not know . I only know you will do you best to try . legasov press stop . then rewind . as the tape spin , we see : five other tape on the table , each numbered . legasov cross to a window . move the curtain slightly to the side and peek down at : he Pov - a car park across the street . the interior light be on . it 's always on . someone 's always there . 103 104 ext . moscow apt . build - night 103 Moscow be dead quiet . legasov carefully step outside , remaing in shadow , hold he coat close with he hand . there 's a slight bulge . across the street - the parked car . a man sit in the car . dome light on . he 's pour coffee from a thermos into a cup , and while he 's distract , legasov quickly pass through the beam of a streetlamp to : a dark alley next to he building . back in shadow . he move past the rubbish bin and into a small garden area . then remove the package from inside he coat , and stashes it in a small air vent , well out of view . now , only one final task remain . he check he watch . 1:19 . nearly time . he remove a single cigarette from a nearly full pack . toss the rest of the pack away . int . legasov's apartment - minute later 104 the cat be now on the kitchen table . it raise its head at the sound of the door open and close . legasov enter . remove he jacket . move quickly to the window and check once again . he Pov : the car light be still on . but no one 's get out . he be unseen . legasov light he one cigarette . a long draw . check he watch again . another draw . he 's rush now . he place four small bowl on the floor in a row . fill each with scrap of boil chicken from a plate . walk back to the table . another drag of the cigarette . look at the clock . it 's now 1:23 . okay . rest the cigarette back in the ashtray . walk out of frame . we stay with the cat and the clock . we hear : a closet door open ... something jangle . the second hand tick . it 's 1:23 and 20 second . SOUND : footstep 1:23 and 30 second . SOUND : a chair be move 1:23 and 40 second 105 106 ... now silence as the cat lower its head , bored . tick tick tick tick . 1:23:41 , 42 , 43 , 44 -- SOUND : a chair toppling and a sharp SNAP . the cat lift its head . startle . reverse to reveal - legasov 's leg , hang in mid-air , slightly turn , out of focus in the background . the cigarette still burn . smoke curl . dissolve to : ext . pripyat - night 105 view through glass - a small city of 50,000 people , mostly live in large block apartment building . Beyond that , light cluster in the distance , perhaps two or three mile away . some white , some red , some blink . the Chernobyl nuclear power Plant . title : pripyat , ukraine - ussr two year and one minute earlier we pull back to see we be : int . apartment - night 106 look out at the blink light of the nearby power plant through a window . this apartment be simple . sparse . flat , powder blue wall . tiny kitchenette . on the wall - a photo of a young man hold a woman off the ground . she 's laugh . scare . in love . next to the photo , a calendar . the year be 1986 . we hear : a woman retching off-screen . a toilet flush . lyudmilla ignatenko , 23 , emerge from the bathroom . catch she breath . sick . but happy . something beautiful . she peer in to she bedroom , where she husband vasily , 25 , sleep soundly . good . she will tell he later . oh . her cigarette in the ashtray . no more smoking . she quickly stub it out . a grow hiss . lyudmilla cross out of frame . we hear tea be pour . 107 through the window - we see but do not hear a small explosion at the power plant , follow almost instantly by a massive explosion that turn night into day . and still , no sound . a mute apocalypse . one second go by . lyudmilla re-enter frame . oblivious . two second . she sit down . Three second - shockwave - like a massive fist slamming into the side of the building ... and she jolt back . the bedroom door fling open , and vasily emerge . sleeveless undershirt , pyjama bottom . confused . the noise . he join lyudmilla at the window . see ... fire ringing a terrible crimson - red glow at the power plant , as if the building have open a gate to hell . and rise out of the inferno - - a unnatural , glow , bright blue column of light , like a beacon shoot straight up into the sky ... seemingly to the star . dog begin bark . apartment light turn on . pripyat awaken . it 's 1:24 am . int . control room - reactor # 4 - 01:24 am 107 no sound except distant hiss noise . all we see be swirling white dust , illuminate by emergency backup light . and now we make out : men - the control room operator , dress identically in white uniform . White paper hat cover they head . all in the same position . cower . except for one man , who stand . 55 year old , gray mustache , white hair sweep back on he head . this be anatoly dyatlov . close on dyatlov - slow motion - the white dust swirl eerily around he face . he 's bewilder . Shell - shocked . we hear a voice echoing as if from far away : voice ( 0.s. ) comrade dyatlov ? comrade dyatlov ? time snap back into rhythm , and dyatlov register : alexandr akimov , 33 , black mustache , glass . stare at he - say he name . akimov comrade dyatlov ? dyatlov what just happen ? akimov I do not know . brazhnik , 20' , enter the control room in a panic . brazhnik there 's a fire in the turbine hall . something blow up ... dyatlov pause . lose in think ? his face be unreadable . agonize second tick by . then he turn coldly to akimov . dyatlov the turbine hall . the control system tank . hydrogen . you and toptunov - - you moron blow the tank . leonid toptunov , 25 , blond , thin , terrify . his boyish moustache be a struggle , wispy version of akimov 's . toptunov no , that 's not -- akimov signal toptunov not to argue . dyatlov ( to the room ) this be a emergency . everyone stay calm . we first priority be -- perevozchenko , 30' , burst in . pant . frantic . perevozchenko it explode . dyatlov we know . akimov - - be we cool the reactor core ? akimov we shut it down . ( more ) akimov ( cont would ) ( check the panel ) but the control rod be still -- they be not all the way in -- I disengage the clutch . I do not -- perevozchenko watch akimov and dyatlov talk about the reactor .. be they out of they mind ? dyatlov alright . I will disconnect the servos from the standby console . you two ! across the room : boris stolyarchuk and igor kirschenbaum , late 20' , sit together at a control panel . Shell - shocked . dyatlov get the backup pump run . we need water move through the core . that 's all that matter . as dyatlov head for the door -- perevozchenko there be no core . dyatlov stop . turn . everyone in the room stare . two trainees , proskuryakov and kudryavtsev , both 30 , look at each other . for the first time , real fear . perevozchenko it explode . the core explode . a beat , then dyatlov shake he head in disgust . dyatlov he 's in shock . get he out of here . perevozchenko the lid be off . the stack be burn . I see it . dyatlov ( calmly ) you be confuse . rbmk reactor core do not explode . akimov ... akimov hesitates . stare at the control panel . a plastic cover be lift up over a large black switch label az - 5 . then he look at young , frighten toptunov . 108 akimov do not worry , leonid . we do everything right . something -- something strange have happen . toptunov grab akimov 's arm . whisper to he . toptunov do you taste metal ? dyatlov akimov . akimov taste the metal in he mouth . then : akimov comrade perevozschenko , what you be say be physically impossible . a core can not explode . it have to be the tank . perevozchenko look at akimov in disbelief . dyatlov we be waste time . let' go . get the hydrogen out of the generator , and pump water into the core . as dyatlov turn to exit -- brazhnik what about the fire ? dyatlov look back at he . annoy . dyatlov call the fire brigade . dyaltov exit . int . hallway outside control room 4 - continuous 108 battery - power emergency light shine into swirl of dust . we hear a distant alarm blaring . someone 's shouting . dyatlov - stride with purpose . no emotion . Stone cold . then stop . feel the cold AIR on he face . turn to : a SMALL landing with a window . the glass have be blown in , and shard litter the floor . dyatlov walk slowly across the break glass to the window ... 109 110 he walk up to the open window . look at the grounds below . chunks of debris litter the ground . hard to tell in the moonlight just what it be . but some of it be burning . dyatlov stare at the debris for a moment . then calmly turn and continue down the hall . ext . CHERNOBYL power plant - continuous 109 the burning rubble - thick black chunks of graphite , with smooth channel carve through they . we lift up from the rubble ... and now we see : reactor build # 4 - and the massive gaping hole in its side - ton of steel and graphite and plaster and cinderblock vomit out from the blast ... fire burn in scattered pocket where red-hot graphite have ignite the tar-cover roof . pour out from somewhere inside the building , black smoke . and still , the awful scarlet glow . and still , the impossible beacon of blue light spire up ... we hear : crackle static - and a strange , repeat audio tone . CUT to black over black 110 the tone stop as a new audio signal be connect . then - voice over a phone or perhaps a radio , speak Russian . this be a recording of the actual call make that night . translation only be subtitled over black : pripyat emergency dispatch hello , be this military Fire Station 2 ? military FIRE station 2 yes . pripyat emergency dispatch what 's happen with the accident ? 10 . military FIRE station 2 explosion in the main building between third and fourth block . pripyat emergency dispatch be there people there ? military FIRE station 2 yes . ( we hear another voice on the military fire station end ) other voice wake up the boss . call they . military FIRE station 2 I already call mine . other voice wake they up , wake they all up . wake up the entire officer 's block . audio tone - then a new call FIRE department Fire Department . pripyat emergency dispatch hello , ivankov ? FIRE department yes . yes ? pripyat FIRE dispatch you have be call to pripyat . hello ? FIRE department yes . yes I can hear you . pripyat FIRE dispatch at the nuclear plant over there , in the third and fourth block . the roof be on fire . audio tone - call end the black be wipe OPEN into light , and we be : 111 112 113 11 . int . lyudmilla and vasily's apartment - now 111 -- in a closet , look out at vasily , in a t-shirt and uniform pants . he grab he boot . lyudmilla watch he nervously . lyudmilla you be not on call tonight . he hustle to get he boot on . vasily they be bring everyone in . military and civil . pripyat , polesskoe . even Kiev . it 's a big one . lyudmilla it do not look right . the color . vasily pravik think they be shine floodlight or something . lyudmilla but be there chemical ? he pull on he jacket . vasily chemical ? no , the problem 's the roof . it 's cover in tar . it 's go to burn all night and stink like hell . but that 's the worst of it . she open she mouth to say something , but he take she face in he hand . give she a kiss . vasily go to sleep . it will be over before you wake . omitted 112 omitted 113 114 12 . int . inside reactor build # 4 - same time 114 Dark hallway . smoke . spark shower down from severe electric line arcing into flooding water . steam hiss . perevozchenko lurch into view . we lead he through the twisted , mangle maze . a disaster area of debris , collapse ceiling , spurting steam ... but he push through until he get to a OPEN door - and we follow he in to : dosimetry - nikolai gorbachenko be cower under he desk . SPARKS explode down from a hole in the ceiling . gorbachenko be it war ? perevozchenko search frantically through the debris . perevozchenko where 's the dosimeter ? gorbachenko here ... here ... gorbachenko crawl out and hand perevozchenko a brown leather case with the dosimeter . we hear something heavy collapsing above they . gorbachenko flinch . gorbachenko be they bombing ? perevozchenko do not answer . just stare at the dosimeter in disbelief . perevozchenko what the fuck be this ? 3.6 roentgen ? gorbachenko that 's as high as it go . the good one 's lock in a safe . I do not have the key -- ( see ) valera - - you face ... perevozchenko 's face have darkened . a reddish brown tan . he do not know . do not care . he throw the useless dosimeter aside and grab gorbachenko , lift he to he foot . 13 . perevozchenko I be go to find khodemchuk . you get shashenok . he 's in 604 . go. go ! perevozchenko wander down a tunnel away from we and we swing around to gorbachenko , who be terrify . now we follow gorbachenko as he head up a steep staircase into darkness - come around on he so we be lead he , watch he face as it 's illuminate by spark and the orange flicker of spot fire ... a man lurch out of the darkness into gorbachenko and vomit blood in a violent ejection , spattering gorbachenko 's white uniform with red . gorbachenko shit ! the man stumble away from we , and we whip around to proskuryakov and kudryavtsev , the trainee , run down the stair at we . proskuryakov we need to get to the reactor hall . the lift 's destroy . gorbachenko ( point ) across to the stair . that way . the trainee run off in that direction . gorbachenko yell after they ... gorbachenko why be you go there ? no answer . they be go . then he see : a metal door ahead . the number 604 stencill in the concrete beside it . we follow he in to the devastate room - debris everywhere , and in a puddle of water , under a fall beam -- oh god . shashenok - pin . bloody foam bubbling from he mouth . but breathe . a figure stumble by in the doorway . gorbachenko see . gorbachenko hey ! a build 4 worker stumble back - trickle of blood down the side of he face . dust in he hair . 14 . gorbachenko help I . the Building 4 Worker join gorbachenko . they roll the beam off shashenok , then pull he up by he arm ... they support he from under each armpit , he arm around they neck . gorbachenko press shashenok 's right hand tight to he chest to keep he steady , and as they move : --we leave they and drop down through a hole in the floor , past a cross-section of tear up plumbing and wire , and arrive one floor below in the complex to find : perevozchenko - he face even darker now - skin beginning to swell - wading through more floodwater and debris , include chunks of black material ... from somewhere , the steady sound of bang , bang , bang - metal on metal ... perevozchenko climb upstairs out of the water and : bang - a bent metal door pop open , and a new face - yuvchenko , emerge hold a fire extinguisher . perevozchenko have you see khodemchuk ? yuvchenko no -- where 's viktor ? perevozchenko start to shake he head " I do not know " -— then vomit cascade out from he mouth , he nose . yuvchenko back away in fright , drop the extinguisher and -- -- now we follow yuvchenko , 25 year - old , 6 '5 " , powerful and athletic , as he run deeper into the complex , jump over live wire and debris , as fast as he can ... until he see -- yuvchenko viktor ? viktor ? -- a body next to a large pump . yuvchenko run over to : viktor degtyarenko , 31 - burn and cover in blood ... we can barely make out a face at all beyond the white of he eye . he 's tremble . seize . yuvchenko can you stand ? 115 116 15 . viktor kh -- dem- ch -- khdem -- viktor stop try to make he mouth work . his eye roll to the leave - toward a blasted OPEN wall . yuvchenko stand up , and we follow as he walk slowly through the open into : the pump room - in ruin . massive chunks of concrete embed in the enormous machinery . from underneath one massive column , a steady trickle of blood . we can not see khodemchuk under there . but we know he 's dead . one section of wall - three foot thick concrete and rebar - rock back and forth as if it be rubber . we follow yuvchenko 's eye to : a puddle of water on the ground , come from a break pipe . in the reflection of the shimmer water - strange white dot ... we come up and around on yuvchenko and look down on he as he lift he head - stunne beyond word -- and we turn to see what he see . a enormous , impossible hole in the ceiling of the building . and the star shine down . int . corridor outside control room - moment later 115 close on - dyatlov - walk back toward Control room 4 . his face as stoic as ever . granite jaw . unblink eye . he stop at the sound of siren approach from outside ... a lot of they ... and grow louder ... then he resume walk . no change in expression . int . control room - reactor # 4 116 akimov be at the panel . toptunov be dial a phone . toptunov no answer . the internal line be down . 16 . akimov keep try . try all of they . dyatlov enter . stolyarchuk , do not want dyatlov I drop the control rod from the other panel . akimov they be still up . dyatlov what ? akimov they be only a third in , I do not know why -- I already send the trainee to the reactor hall to lower they by hand . dyatlov ( frustrated ) what about the pump ? toptunov I can not get through to khodemchuk . the phone be down . dyatlov fuck the phone and fuck khodemchuk . be the pump on or not ? akimov stolyarchuk ? look up like a deer in the headlight . dyatlov 's eye on he . stolyarchuk my panel 's not work . I try call for the electrician but -- dyatlov I do not give a shit about the panel ! I need water in my reactor core . get down there and make sure that pump be on . stolyarchuk look at akimov , but akimov will not look back . no one will challenge this . kirschenbaum want to say something , but the word stick in he throat . 117 17 . dyatlov now . cowed , stolyarchuk scurries out of the control room . dyatlov turn back to akimov . dyatlov what do the dosimeter say ? akimov 3.6 roentgen . but that 's as high as the meter -- dyatlov wave he off . dyatlov 3.6 -- not great , not terrible . toptunov look at akimov . scare . and once again , akimov comfort he ... he mantra ... akimov we do everything right . ext . reactor # 4 build - continuous 117 siren blare . Pov through the windshield of a fire engine as it approach the reactor building . a few fire engine be already there , light flash . firefighter be rush ... connect fire engine to the power plant water supply ... we follow vasily out of the truck . he and he fellow firefighter be dress the same . boot and jacket and helmet ... but no glove . and underneath the jacket ... white t-shirt . he look at the building . from here , he can see the spot fire up on the roof . but there 's a massive plume of smoke billow up from somewhere inside the building . and fainter now , but still there , the trace of that impossible blue light ... now that he 's close to it , vasily realize this be much bigger , and much worse , than it seem from afar . misha ( 0.s. ) vasily ... 118 18 . vasily look over at misha , 23 , another firefighter . Misha be stand next to a pile of the black rubble . there be strange smooth groove run through it . it almost look like bit of sculpture . misha what be this ? Misha pick up a piece of the rubble with he bare hand . misha it 's warm . vasily I do not know . do not fuck around with it . let 's just get this hook up . Misha toss the rubble aside . vasily begin pull connection hose from the side of the engine . as he pull , the smoke waft by he , and he spit . vasily you taste metal ? misha yeah . what be that ? vasily ( worried ) I do not know . the valve , Misha ! let 's go ! as vasily pull the hose , misha start open a water supply valve with a wrench . Misha take he hand off the wrench -- the hand he hold the warm rubble with -- and shake it in the air . it hurt . it hurt more than it should . int . corridor outside control room - continuous 118 gorbachenko and the Building 4 Worker emerge from smoke , stumbling ahead as best they can , still carry shashenok around they shoulder . gorbachenko someone ! 119 19 . another plant worker head over to sub in for gorbachenko . relieved of he burden , gorbachenko immediately fall to he hand and knee and begin vomiting . as he wretch , he wince in pain ... he right hand hurt . and he chest . he pull he uniform shirt open to reveal : on gorbachenko's chest , there 's a strip of faint red , and then below in bright red , a round shape and four smaller red oval . a arm . a palm . fingertip . a burn MARK in the shape of shashenok 's hand . int . reactor # 4 build - bowel - continuous 119 proskuryakov and kudryavtsev enter a long corridor . as they move down the seemingly endless hallway , they see : a figure in the distance , move slowly toward they , carry something large over he shoulder . they walk toward each other , meeting in the middle of this strange purgatory , and now proskuryakov and kudryavtsev see the figure be yuvchenko . and he have a limp , bloody viktor sling over he shoulder . oh god . they stare , unsure of what to say . finally : yuvchenko what do you need ? oh. right . proskuryakov we have to get into the reactor hall to lower the control rod . but the door be jamme in . yuvchenko I do not think there be control rod . I do not think there 's a core . proskuryakov no , you be mistaken . akimov say . yuvchenko consider . then lower viktor to the ground . rest he against the wall . proskuryakov do he need a doctor ? 120 121 20 . yuvchenko no. int . reactor build - level 36 - moment later 120 yuvchenko lead the two trainee down a dark , sparking hall . they be sweat . tremendous heat up here . smoke . they be close to the fire . proskuryakov up there . ahead : a large metal door , cover in dust , bent slightly toward they , as if punch by a huge fist . yuvchenko turn to the trainee . yuvchenko be you sure ? proskuryakov akimov -- yuvchenko put he hand up . do not matter . if they be right , they need to go in . and if they be wrong ... yuvchenko I will hold it open . move quickly . they nod . yuvchenko test the door . it barely give . yuvchenko press the side of he body against the door , plant he powerful leg , and with a grunt : push the door open - just wide enough for the trainee to pass through . the door 's weight be push back ... yuvchenko 's brute strength be the only thing keep it propped open . yuvchenko go go go -- the trainee squeeze through into : int . MAIN reactor hall - continuous 121 the trainee enter the upper level of the hall , ona catwalk high above the reactor pit . 122 21. they stare in utter shock at : the upper biological shield - a massive 1,000 ton , 45 foot diameter steel circle . it 's the cover of the reactor core . except it 's not cover the core anymore . it 's be blow nearly upright , like the lift - up top of a soup can . and spider out from its expose underside , hundred of twisted fuel channel , like bristle on the end of a brush . and underneath that , like a bomb crater in the floor : the OPEN reactor pit - burn graphite , tear fuel rod . they mind can not comprehend . they be stare into a wide - open nuclear reactor . one of they finally gasp in a breath . already feel a wave of nausea . he look at the other trainee . the man 's face be dark brown . a instant nuclear tan . and the way the other trainee be stare back at he , he know he look the same . they stumble backward ... int . reactor build - level 36 - continuous 122 yuvchenko grit he tooth ... digging in ... and then : the trainees run back out of the room . they do not stop . they just run . yuvchenko let the door finally close . shout after they . yuvchenko hey ! no answer . and then : pain . intense , searing pain . he lift he uniform shirt . his shoulder ... bright red . he lower the waist of he trousers . his hip , burned to the flesh below the skin . the movement of the cloth against it nearly make he pass out ... he look back at the door . 123 22. in the dust - the pattern of where he body have be press against the door . shoulder . hip. lower leg . he back away in horror , then hobble off , he burnt leg barely work ... shouting into the dark after the trainee -- as if they could help he now . yuvchenko hey ! ext . reactor # 4 build - continuous 123 the night be light up by the flash light of emergency vehicle . dozen of firefighter be already at work get water on the fire they can see . from o.s. - a man scream in agony . vasily stop and turn to see : misha - on the ground , scream , hold in place by they commanding officer , pravik , 24 . a medic have begin to slowly remove the glove from Misha 's hand . with every inch , Misha howl in pain . pravik see vasily . pravik ignatenko ! get on he hose ! vasily run a few foot to the pump truck Misha be station on . he pick the hose up from the ground . he 's join by a truck pump operator , titenok , 24 -- -- who quickly open the valve on the truck . vasily begin spraying a blast of water into a burn pile of rubble . another scream , as the medic finally pull the glove off of Misha , and now vasily see : Misha 's hand be burnt beyond recognition . strip of skin hang off of it . pravik and the medic stare at it , stunne . vasily see the black rubble Misha hold . just foot away from he . he take one step back from it . 124 23 . and keep spraying . ext . vasily & lyudmilla's apartment bldg .- same 124 lyudmilla stand outside along with other people from the building , look up at the sky , which reflect the unseen fire with a eerie glow . no one seem nervous . no one except she . oksana ( 0.s. ) lyudmilla ! oksana , 30 , walk with a crowd of people from the building next door . Men , woman , child ... about fifteen of they . some of the woman carry infant . some , like oksana , push baby pram . oksana you want to come with we ? lyudmilla come where ? oksana we be go to the railroad bridge to get a better look . it 's not like anyone can sleep with all the siren . lyudmilla I do not think you should . it could be dangerous . oksana 's husband , mikhail , scoff . mikhail what do you mean dangerous ? it 's a fire . it 's over there , we be over here . oksana give mikhail a angry whack on the arm . mikhail what ? ( realize ) oh . oksana cross to lyudmilla . put a comforting hand on she . 125 24 . oksana be vasily -- ? lyudmilla nod . oksana do he say it be bad ? lyudmilla no . he say it be just the roof . there . you see ? oksana he 's never get hurt before . none of the boy have . yes ? he will be fine . get some rest . oskana give she a hug , and then rejoin the rest of the group on they way to the railroad bridge . small child skip along , laugh , excited to be out in the middle of the night . lyudmilla look out at the distant glow . she could not say why or how she know . she just do . something 's wrong . int . control room - reactor # 4 - 1:50 am 125 close on : dyatlov . stand with he back against the wall . palm together in front of he mouth . tapping he finger . think . then : dyatlov the tank . it 's big enough . akimov and toptunov turn to look at he . dyatlov this kind of explosion . the control tank on 71 , it 's 100 cubic meter . akimov 110 . dyatlov ( see ? ) 110 . it could do this . definitely . 25 . he 's nodd to himself . as if someone else be convincing he of this fact . then : the door open . and before we can see what they see , toptunov cover he mouth with he hand . Jesus ... it 's proskuryakov . his face be now dark brown . eye nearly swollen shut . proskuryakov it 's go . I look right into it . I look into the core . akimov stare in shock at dyatlov . panic rise inside he . but dyatlov do not even flinch . dyatlov do you lower the control rod or not ? proskuryakov turn to he in confusion . then begin retching . dyatlov ( disgust ) take he to the infirmary . ( beat ) toptunov ! take he ! toptunov rush over to the trainee , and as he help he out of the room -- toptunov where 's kudryavtsev ? proskuryakov he fall ... toptunov exit with proskuryakov , shouting : toptunov ( 0.s. ) I need a medic ! anyone ?! dyatlov resume lean against the wall . finger back in front of he mouth . then he feel akimov 's eye on he . dyatlov he 's delusional . akimov his face . akimov look 26 . dyatlov ( wave it off ) rupture condenser line . the feedwater be mildly contaminate . he will be fine . I have see worse . down . that can not be true . but the alternative be unthinkable . akimov look oh god . akimov still dyatlov do we still have a phone line to the outside ? ( beat ) akimov ? back up . nod . dyatlov call in the day shift . akimov but ... if -- dyatlov we have to keep water flow through the core . we need electrician , mechanic -- we need body . how many time do I have to say it ? hesitates . dyatlov deliberately walk toward akimov . unblink . cold . dyatlov I be go to the administration Building now . to call bryukhanov . and fomin . they be go to want a full report . I do not know if I can make thing better for you . but I can certainly make they worse . he stop just inch from akimov 's face . dyatlov call in the day shift , comrade akimov . akimov swallow . then : 126 127 27 . akimov yes. comrade dyatlov . dyatlov stare into akimov 's eye a beat too long . then nod , satisfied ... and exit . ext . pripyat hospital - same 126 near silence . barely cricket . we be in front of pripyat hospital - five interconnected building , each six storey tall . the building be oddly generic . Soviet cookie-cutter , make of concrete and institutional white tiling . there be large letter on the roof . we will translate . subtitle : health of the people - riches of the country int . hospital - maternity labour ward - continuous 127 off-screen , we hear a woman be groaning and straining in pain . but we be look at : svetlana zinchenko , 25 , wear a doctor 's jacket . she 's stare out the window at the distant fire . old man' voice ( 0.s. ) you be do fine . raise she up . a little more . behind she : the labour ward . a large , open space . bare wall - white tile halfway up , sickly mint - green the rest . Electrical line be route up the surface of the wall . the floor be brown tile , with drain set in every ten foot . there be a six delivery gurney ... simple steel frame cot with thin mattress pad and crude gynecological stirrup . Bright fluorescent beat down on : two women on the cot , each in labour . hairnet on , hospital gown cover they top , nude from the waist down , in stirrup . nurse attend to they , along with a old doctor , likely in he 70' . it may be 1986 , but in here , it seem more like 1886 . a nurse hand -cranks a cot to help raise a woman 's head . 28 . old doctor good. there . okay . he point to the patient as he instruct the nurse . old doctor this one , maybe a hour . the other two , not until morning . he talk a bit too loudly . hard of hearing . old doctor and how be it downstairs , Doctor Zinchenko ? zinchenko quiet . he remove he glove . throughout they conversation , one of the woman in labour continue to groan in pain . old doctor always be . nothing at this hour but baby . you know I once go two day without sleep ? ten woman go into labour at the same time -- do I ever tell you this story ? Zinchenko 's still stare out the window . distract . zinchenko yes . the old doctor be a bit hurt by that . old doctor well , I will not need you in here for a while . if you want , get some rest in the break room . he open one of the patient 's chart . begins make handwritten notation . Zinchenko finally turn to he . zinchenko they have not bring anyone in from the fire . old doctor what fire ? zinchenko the power plant . 29 . old doctor oh ? then it must not be too bad . zinchenko do we stock iodine ? he do not hear that over the woman 's groan . old doctor hmm ? zinchenko ( louder ) iodine . he look up from he chart . old doctor you mean disinfectant ? zinchenko no. pill . do the hospital stock iodine pill ? old doctor iodine pill ... ( confuse ) why would we have iodine pill ? off she face , we hear the shrill ring of : 128 int . viktor bryukhanov's bedroom - 2:00 am 128 -- a bedside telephone . one ring . two . Three . viktor bryukhanov -- 50 , wavy dark hair , pockmark cheek -- slowly wake . fumble for the light . answer the phone . bryukhanov hel -- his voice catch on a wad of phlegm that have settle in while he sleep . he clear he throat . bryukhanov hello ? he listen for a second , then sit straight up . behind he in bed , he wife roll over . now awake . a beat , then : bryukhanov who else know this ? have you call fomin ? ( more ) 129 130 131 30 . bryukhanov ( cont would ) ( beat ) of course I want you to call he . if I be up , he 's up . bryukhanov slam the phone down . get out of bed . bryukhanov shit ! ext . power plant - administration bldg . - 2:30 am 129 nikolai fomin , 50 , bald , glass , bad suit , stand wait by the administration building . he watch as : a boxy gaz volga drive right up to he . bryukhanov emerge . also in a suit . he look down toward the far end of the plant , past the firetruck and flash light , to see where reactor Building 4 very much on fire . and in a instant , bryukhanov can envision a very likely fate for himself . a inquiry . a arrest . a trial . a bullet . fomin whatever the cause , the important thing be neither you nor I - - bryukhanov walk away from fomin mid-sentence , stride toward the administration Building . fomin check to see if anyone see that small humiliation . then hustle to keep up . int . administration bldg . - checkpoint - second later 130 bryukhanov enter , stride quickly past guard . a distant alarm sound can be hear in this simple lobby area , as well as the occasional blast of firetruck siren from outside . he make a sharp turn past the reception desk toward a guard , who be hold open a metal door . int . narrow stairwell - second later 131 bryukhanov move down the stair with purpose . fomin still try to keep up . they arrive at : a small , bare anteroom . in front of they , two large , steel blast door - the kind you might see on a bank vault . 132 133 31 . a guard crank a metal wheel on the leave door , then pull the door OPEN . int . CHERNOBYL bunker - second later 132 bryukhanov and fomin pass through as the blast door clang behind they with a heavy thud . we can no longer hear the alarm or siren . no sound from the outside world in here at all . just the heavy clack of they shoe as they walk across the shiny , polished concrete floor . the bunker contain many room ... it could almost pass for a office center but for the too- low ceiling , expose ductwork and repetitive , white - wash cinderblock wall . bryukhanov and fomin enter : int . bunker command room - continuous 133 a simple room with a large oval conference table . eighteen chair . a few phone . on the wall , map , schematics and emergency procedure poster . bryukhanov see dyatlov wait for they in the room . bryukhanov ( piss off ) I take it the safety test be a failure ? bryukhanov sit at the head of the table . fomin take a chair next to he -- he sidekick - - and scowl at dyatlov . dyatlov we have the situation under control . fomin under control ? it do not look -- bryukhanov shut up , fomin. ( miserable ) I have to tell the Central Committee about this . do you realize that ? I have to get on a phone and tell maryin , or god forbid frolyshev , my power plant be on fire ? 32 . dyatlov no one can blame you for this , director bryukhanov . bryukhanov well of course no one can blame I for this . how can I be responsible ? I be sleep ! bryukhanov pull out a pen and notepad from he jacket pocket . bryukhanov tell I what happen . quickly . dyatlov we run the test exactly as Chief engineer fomin approve . fomin see what dyatlov just do there . motherfucker . dyatlov unit shift Chief akimov and engineer toptunov encounter technical difficulty , lead to a accumulation of hydrogen in the control system tank . it regrettably ignite , damaging the plant and set the roof on fire . bryukhanov glance at fomin . do that sound right ? fomin the tank be quite large . it 's the only logical explanation . and of course , deputy Chief engineer dyatlov be directly supervise the test -- dyatlov register the return fire . touché . fomin -- so he would know best . bryukhanov ( take note ) -- hydrogen tank , fire . and the reactor ? dyatlov we be take measure to ensure a steady flow of water through the core . 134 33. bryukhanov what about radiation ? dyatlov hesitates for a brief moment . then : dyatlov obviously down here it 's nothing . but in the reactor building I be be tell 3.6 roentgen per hour . bryukhanov that 's not great . but it 's not horrifying . fomin not at all . from the feedwater , I assume ? dyatlov nod . fomin we will have to limit shift to six hour at a time . but otherwise -- bryukhanov the dosimetrist should be check regularly . have they use the good meter . from the safe . dyatlov blink at that . but otherwise ... no reaction . bryukhanov pull a phone closer to he . bryukhanov right . I will call maryin . ( to fomin ) wake up the local executive Committee . there will be order come down . bryukhanov take a short breath ... steel himself ... then pick up the phone . ext . railroad bridge - continuous 134 a simple , paved bridge pass 20 foot above the railroad line . the crowd we see before -- two dozen people -- have gather here to watch the fire . some share vodka . some smoke . a few of the man have they small child up on they shoulder . 34 . the fire occasionally shift color ... like a rainbow . mikhail stand with oksana . she jiggle she pram slightly to keep she baby calm . her four- year old son be pull on she dress . he 's tired . four -year old mama - — oksana sshh . here . she give the boy a cracker . then , to she husband -- oksana what do you think make the colour ? mikhail oh , it 's the fuel for sure . oksana " oh it 's the fuel for sure " ? what do you know about it ? you clean floor at the train station . mikhail ( defensive ) my friend yuri work in the plant . he say it run cool . no fire , no gas . just ... whatever it be . oksana they should tell we whatever it be . mikhail look at she . oh come on ... oksana we live near it . mikhail it 's atom . yuri say the only thing be -- you can not walk right up to the fuel . but if you do -- ( vodka ) one glass per hour for four hour . oksana be not yuri a plumber ? mikhail ( yes , but ) at the nuclear power plant . 135 35 . his point well - make , mikhail clink he vodka cup to one of he mate 's . oksana shake she head . boy . then she nestle into mikhail for warmth . they all watch the fire . calm . peaceful , even . oksana it be beautiful ... the wind pick up , breeze through they hair . and with it , swirl of soot in the air , like tiny bit of paper . slow motion - as the particle swirl around they . the people stand there on the bridge , just a mile from the burn power plant , laugh , drink ... Children laugh and run in circle , try to grab the black snowflake of float soot from the air . mikhail , watch excitedly , he baby now in he arm . the infant stare calmly at the distant light . int . reactor # 4 build - continuous 135 stolyarchuk wander through the tear open warzone of the reactor building . do not seem real . a dreamscape of billow steam drift across rip metal and rupture concrete . as the steam dissipate , he see : a man , sit on a piece of damage equipment . all alone . breathe slowly , but heavily . like a die animal . stolyarchuk walk toward he . nervous . the man turn to he . it 's yuvchenko -- the one who hold the reactor hall door open for the trainee . yuvchenko do you have a cigarette ? stolyarchuk fish a pack from he pocket , and hand yuvchenko a cigarette . the big man reach for it with he leave arm , as if that 's the only part of he body work . stolyarchuk light the cigarette for he . yuvchenko take a drag ... 136 36 . SPARKS sprinkle around they , illuminate the steam . it 's beautiful in its own way . yuvchenko nod with he head -- come sit with I ... stolyarchuk walk around to the right of yuvchenko and sit on the equipment next to he . and that 's when he see : blood , seeping through yuvchenko 's shirt in three patch : shoulder , hip , lower leg . it 's wet . this be not wound that slowly close . this be wound that slowly open . finally , stolyarchuk find he voice . stolyarchuk do you need help ? yuvchenko take a drag . savore every moment . then : yuvchenko it 's over . and now the sound of : water from outside , be spraye by firehose . it 's penetrate the building from the floor above and begin sprinkling down on they ... like rain . stolyarchuk raise he face to the rain . the world 's go mad . the sound of the water rise , and we be : ext . reactor # 4 build - continuous 136 firefighter battle the blaze . vasily man a hose . he glance back at the ladder ... the one kolya go up . there 's no one there . a firefighter be on all four nearby . vomiting . pravik emerge from the darkness . face darken with soot . or something else ... pravik we have do all we can from the perimeter . we have to start make we way to the roof . vasily glance again at the sick firefighter . then back to the Chief . scare . 137 138 37 . pravik there 's a fire , vasily . it have to be put out . do you understand ? yes . the job . vasily shut he hose off and drag it over toward a brigade of man who be head for the gape hole in the side of the building . from inside the hole - looking out through flame - vasily , pravik , tishchura , and titenok be climb up the rubble , they image distort by the heat . they open they nozzle as they advance ... from behind they - we rise up to see : they be head straight toward the expose reactor hall - and the roaring fire belching out from the OPEN core ... on vasily - gritting he tooth - the heat be tremendous ... but there 's something else - a pain he should not be feel ... pin and needle ... and in he visor , a reflection of the fire -- -- and strange blue flash of light ... omitted 137 int . control room - reactor # 4 - 3:30 am 138 akimov stand by the control panel . toptunov next to he . they be silent . reverse to reveal : stolyarchuk . look at they . also silent . behind he , kirschenbaum . everyone look ashen . then : akimov what about the auxiliary -- ? stolyarchuk shake he head . no. stolyarchuk the pump be go . Electrical be go . more shocked 38 . toptunov the core ? stolyarchuk I do not go there . and I will not . ( beat ) I think it 's time we face -- akimov ( not interested ) no . we need water in the core or there 's a risk of meltdown . we have to open the valve . stolyarchuk sasha -- akimov what be it you want , boris ? if it 's true , then we be all dead . a million people be dead . be that what you need to hear ? silence . then akimov turn to toptunov . akimov we will open the valve by hand . stolyarchuk by hand ? the number of valve , the amount of time to turn they -- you be talk about hour in there ...! akimov then help we . stolyarchuk help you do what ? Pump water into a ditch ? there's nothing there . ( to toptunov ) leonid -- I be begging you . toptunov be terrify . but akimov be he boss . his mentor . he avert he eye . he have no choice . akimov gesture to kirschenbaum . akimov watch the panel while we be go . kirschenbaum it 's not work . 39 . akimov just watch it ! he leave . toptunov do not look back at anyone . just follow akimov out . stolyarchuk watch they go . know he will never see they again . 139 ext . administration build - continuous 139 dozen of worker be assemble in a line . shuffle into the building . sitnikov , 46 , wait . look nervously at the glow of the spot fire on the roof at the other end of the plant . day shift worker guess we know why they call we in early . sitnikov be anyone say what happen ? day shift worker they be run the safety test on the turbine and blow the control system tank . sitnikov look at the man . Control system tank ? that ? day shift worker do not make sense to I either . ( quieter ) what about sabotage ? a bomb ? night shift worker ( 0.s. ) sitnikov ! sitnikov turn to see a frantic worker run up to he . night shift worker bryukhanov want we to use the good dosimeter , but it 's in the safe , and we can not find the key . sitnikov it 's in Building 2 . no one 's -- ? sitnikov step out of line . can not believe the incompetence . sitnikov ( snap ) follow I . 140 40 . as he stride off to Building 2 ... int . bunker command room - 4 a.m. 140 bryukhanov , fomin and dyatlov be wait -- then bryukhanov rise as : the pripyat communist party executive committee enter . twelve man , age vary from 30 to 60 . bryukhanov gentlemen , welcome . please , find a seat , there 's plenty of room -- the committee member take they chair around the conference table . a guard help a elderly man with a cane - 85 year old - over to a single , nicer chair in the corner of the room . bryukhanov I apologize for the lateness of the hour . and rest assure , we be all very safe down here . we build this shelter to withstand a nuclear attack by the Americans , so I think we will be fine . some of the member smile . most do not . the Old man in the corner have he hand fold over he cane . eye close . possibly already asleep . bryukhanov as you can see , we have experience a accident . a large control tank malfunction , damaging reactor building # 4 and start a fire . I have speak directly to deputy Secretary maryin . maryin speak to deputy Chief frolyshev , frolyshev to Central Committee member dolghikh , and dolghikh to General Secretary Gorbachev . a impressive murmur in the room . this be big time . bryukhanov because the Central Committee have the great respect for the work of the pripyat executive Committee , they have ask I to brief you on matter as they stand . first , the accident be well under control . most of the member express relief . 41 . bryukhanov second , because the effort of the Soviet nuclear industry be consider key state secret , it be important that we ensure this incident have no adverse consequence . the member glance at each other . here it come . bryukhanov to prevent a panic , the Central Committee have order a detachment of military police to pripyat . and there it be . petrov , 30 , displease , speak up . petrov how large of a detachment ? bryukhanov ( uncomfortable ) between two and four thousand man . whisper . quiet crosstalk . four thousand ? martial law ? why so many police ? petrov what 's really go on here ? how dangerous be this ? fomin there 's mild radiation , but it 's limited to the plant itself . petrov no it be not . fomin Excuse I ? petrov ( stand ) I say no it be not . who do you think you be talk to ? some country idiot ? I go to university . and I have eye in my head . ( to the Committee ) you see man outside vomit . you see man with burn . there 's more radiation than they be say . we have wife here . we have child . I say we evacuate the town . 42 . more whisper . evacuate ? to where ? no , he 's right -- no , he 's insane , a alarmist ! bryukhanov gentlemen , please ! my wife be here . do you think I would keep she in pripyat if it be not safe ? petrov bryukhanov -- the fuck air be glow ! more crosstalk . voice rise now . bryukhanov have lose control of the room . dyatlov try to step in . dyatlov the cherenkov effect -- it 's a completely normal phenomenon , it can happen with minimal radiation -- no one listen to he . loudly argue with each other now . and then : tap tap tap ... tap tap tap they turn to : the old man in the corner . tapping he cane on the floor . everyone quiet down . the old man be zharkov . he make a motion to stand . the guard come over quickly to help he up , but Zharkov wave he off . he can do it on he own . he rise slowly , then : zharkov I wonder -- how many of you know the name of this place ? we all call it " Chernobyl " of course , but what be its proper name ? they look at each other . no clue . until : bryukhanov the Vladimir i. lenin nuclear power Station . zharkov exactly . Vladimir i. lenin . and how proud he would be of you tonight -- ( to petrov ) --especially you , young man ... and the passion you have for the people . for be that not the sole purpose of the apparatus of the State ? Zharkov look at they , he old eye twinkle with memory of great day ... of great man ... 43. zharkov from the Central Committee all the way down to each of we in this room -- we represent the perfect expression of the collective will of the Soviet proletariat . the member take this in . sober . but proud . zharkov sometimes , we forget . sometimes , we fall prey to fear . but we faith in Soviet socialism will always be reward . always . the State tell we the situation be not dangerous . have faith . the State tell we they do not want a panic . listen well . Zharkov turn to petrov once again . zharkov true , when the people see police , they will be scared . but it be my experience that when the people ask question that be not in they own best interest , they should simply be tell to keep they mind on they labour - - and to leave matter of the State to the State . Zharkov scan the room . have they in the palm of he hand . zharkov we seal off the city . no one leave . and cut the phone line . contain the spread of misinformation . that be how you keep the people from undermine the fruit of they own labour . that be how you name become inscribe in the hallway of the kremlin . the man in the room look back at he in reverence . dream of promotion . certificate . maybe even medal . zharkov yes , comrade . we will all be reward for what we do here tonight . ( beat ) this be we moment to shine . 141 142 44 , a beat -- then : applause . the Committee member rise to they foot . wonderful ! wonderful ! bryukhanov , fomin and dyatlov stand and applaud as well . the system be work . all will be fine . petrov look across the table at another young Committee member . they both seem to understand that reason have lose . there 's no choice but to clap along with everyone else . applause for delusion . applause for death . applause for the Vladimir i. lenin nuclear power Station . int . bunker - outside the command room - moment later 141 sitnikov listen to the applause come from behind the door of the command room . he 's sweaty . nervous . the door to the conference room open , and bryukhanov see the pripyat minister out . shake they hand . smiling . but once the minister be out of sight , the smile drop . back to business . he see sitnikov wait . what 's this guy do here ? a guard whisper to bryukhanov . ah . Fine . bryukhanov signal for sitnikov to enter . int . bunker command room - continuous 142 sitnikov enter . see fomin and dyatlov there . bryukhanov well ? sitnikov I send my dosimetrist into the reactor building . the large dosimeter from the safe , the one with the thousand roentgen capac -- dyatlov ( snap ) what be the number ? sitnikov there be none . the meter burn out the second it be turn on . dyatlov shrug . suddenly calm . 45 . dyatlov typical . bryukhanov see ? this be what Moscow do . they send we shit equipment , and they wonder why thing go wrong . sitnikov we find another dosimeter . dyatlov tense again . sitnikov from the military fire department . it only go to 200 roentgen , but it 's better than the small one . fomin and ? sitnikov hesitates . all he life , he 's be warn not to be the bearer of bad news . sitnikov it max out . two hundred roentgen . fomin , bryukhanov and dyatlov register shock . then : fomin what game be you play ? sitnikov no -- I ask he , he take multiple measurement , my best man - - bryukhanov it 's another faulty meter . you be waste we time . sitnikov I check the meter against a control -- dyatlov what 's wrong with you ? how do you get that number from feedwater leak from a blow tank ? sitnikov you do not . 46 . dyatlov then what the fuck be you talk about ? a long silence . then : sitnikov I walk around the exterior of building 4 . I think there 's graphite . in the rubble . bryukhanov look at fomin and dyatlov , who scoff . dyatlov you do not see graphite . sitnikov I do . dyatlov you do not . you didn 't . because it 's not there . fomin step in . a calmer voice . fomin be you suggest the core -- what ? exploded ? sitnikov yes . fomin sitnikov . you be a nuclear engineer . so be i. please tell I how a rbmk reactor core " explode " . not a meltdown -- a explosion . I would love to know . sitnikov I can not . fomin be you stupid ? sitnikov no . fomin then why can not you ? 47 . sitnikov I do not -- I do not see how it could explode . fomin throw up he arm . look at bryukhanov . see ? not possible . sitnikov but it do . dyatlov slam he fist down on the table . dyatlov enough ! they all turn to he . startle . dyatlov I will go up to the vent block roof . from there , you can look right down into reactor Building 4 . I will see it with my own eye . he stop . a odd look on he face . then : he vomit violently . the other move back in shock . dyatlov stare at the vomit on the floor . in a daze . dyatlov I apologize . he try to lean on the table for support , but miss completely and collapse to the ground . bryukhanov Guards ! Three guard run in . bryukhanov take he to the medic . or the hospital . whatever he need . two of the guard lift dyatlov off the floor . begin help he walk out . dyatlov have a strange look on he face . we have see it before . right after the explosion . bewildere . 48. fomin ( to bryukhanov ) it 's the feedwater . he 's be around it all night . bryukhanov nod . then fomin glance at sitnikov . fomin you go then . sitnikov what ? fomin go to the vent block roof and report back what you see . sitnikov no . no , I will not do that . fomin and bryukhanov stare at he . do he just say " no " ? bryukhanov of course you will . bryukhanov look to the remain guard . give he a " make sure he do it " nod . sitnikov turn pale . no way out of this . fomin you will be fine . you will see ... no he will not . sitnikov turn , look at the guard ... then walk out . like a man go to the gallow . the guard follow he . 143 int . reactor # 4 build - 4:30 am 143 akimov and toptunov , sloshing through water and debris up to they knee . they stop and see : reveal - standpipe - dozen of they in a convolute array , with more valve than we could ever count . akimov okay . let 's begin . he move ahead . toptunov do not . 144 49 . akimov leonid . toptunov nod . right . he join akimov at the standpipe . each take a valve . begins turn . the valve be tight . they be strain to make they move at all . akimov all the way , okay ? all the way open . no sound but that awful , distant hiss , and the sharp metal squeal of the valve . then : toptunov I be sorry . akimov there 's nothing to be sorry for . I tell you -- we do nothing wrong . toptunov but we do . akimov stop turn he valve . do not answer . do not look at toptunov . just stand quietly for a second . then put he hand back on the valve and resume turn . ext . vent block roof - early dawn 144 a metal utility door open . sitnikov step out on to the tar paper and gravel roof . take a few step , then look back at : the guard - who wait back - no expression . just a blank face and a AK - 47 sling by a strap over he shoulder . sitnikov turn away - look out at the sky . the horizon be just start to lighten . from up here , he can see the flash of emergency vehicle below . and ahead of he : the edge of the roof - and beyond it , come up from underneath ... smoke and the glow of flame . Beyond the edge of that roof be the viewpoint down into reactor Building 4 . 145 50 . and either it be or be not open to the air . and either he be or be not about to die . he look at he watch . 6 am . he start walk . slowly . force each step . the crunch of he shoe in gravel . the feel of he heart in he chest . the edge - loom closer Fifteen foot away . ten foot . five foot . he stop . close he eye . a prayer -- or a memory -- or a goodbye . then he open he eye , and -- behind sitnikov - we watch as he walk to the edge . he look over . just for a second . then lift he head , turn , and start walk back . the guard be watch . sitnikov have begin to cry . and the sound of the world fade away ... int . / ext . various - montage - slow motion 145 dyatlov be help out of the building , stumbling , he arm around a emergency worker . he look and see : firefighter on the ground . they friend scream for help . a female security guard be on she hand and knee . daze . blood stream from she nose . the leave side of she face be red and blister . dyatlov see vasily and titenok carry pravik on a stretcher . but vasily pass out and fall ... vomit ... pravik be dumped to the ground ... cry out in pain ... dyatlov look out toward the damage end of the plant , the cascade of rubble ... it do not make sense . what happen ? 146 51 . sitnikov , nuclear tan on he face from that brief moment of exposure , sit in the bunker command room . bryukhanov and fomin be yell at he . threaten he . gesture in disbelief and contempt . sitnikov be not listen . do not care if they believe he or not . he 's think about what he 's lose . who he 's lose . zinchenko , the young doctor , be asleep in a small exam room by the reception lobby . nurse be running in the hallway in the foreground . Zinchenko waken , and walk out into the lobby -- toward the main entrance -- and see through the open door : flashing light - ambulance and fire engine stream toward the hospital . more than she ever want to see head she way ... and now , the sound of : a phone ringing int . legasov's apartment - early morning 146 the cat lift its head . awaken by the sound . legasov wake up . it 's two year before we first meet he , but he look much young . full head of hair . more weight in he face . healthy color . he get out of bed , cross out of he room , make he way into the kitchen , and answer the phone . legasov hello ? shcherbina ( phone ) valery legasov ? legasov yes ? shcherbina ( phone ) you be the legasov who be the first deputy director of the kurchatov Institute of Atomic Energy ? legasov feel he pajama shirt pocket for he glass . but leave they back in the bedroom . legasov yes . that 's -- 52 . he pick up the table clock to get it closer to he eye . it 's 7:00 . legasov who be I spea -- ? shcherbina ( phone ) this be boris shcherbina , deputy Chairman of the Council of minister and head of the Bureau for fuel and Energy . there 's be a accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power Plant . legasov be immediately alert . legasov how bad be it ? shcherbina ( phone ) no need to panic . there be a fire . it 's mostly put out . the system control tank explode . legasov Control system tank . be the core -- ? shcherbina ( phone ) we have order they to continuously pump water . legasov I see . and contamination ? shcherbina ( phone ) mild . the plant manager , bryukhanov , be report 3.6 roentgen per hour . legasov well , no , that 's -- that 's actually quite significant . the surround area should be evacuate -- shcherbina ( phone ) ( cut he off ) you be a expert on rbmk reactor , correct ? legasov yes , I have study -- 147 148 53. shcherbina ( phone ) General Secretary Gorbachev have appoint a committee to manage the accident . you be on it . we will convene at two this afternoon . legasov ( concerned ) that late ? I be sorry , but I think give the radiation you be report , it might be best to -- shcherbina ( phone ) legasov . you be on this committee to answer direct question about the function of a rbmk reactor if they should happen to arise . nothing else . certainly not policy . do you understand ? legasov yes . of course . I do not mean to -- click . shcherbina have hang up . legasov hang up as well and rise . gear already spin . 3.6 roentgen ... ? a strange number . the control system tank ? it make no sense . he move to he window . open the curtain to the sunrise . match to : ext . CHERNOBYL power plant - 7 am 147 the SUN , brighten to a glare . boom down to find : the torn-open reactor building , even more horrifying in the daylight . int . reactor # 4 build - continuous 148 we move low and slow through a strange mist - water vapour hover thick - flooding and debris have almost turn the facility into a swamp ... we turn a corner and as the mist dissipate , we see : akimov and toptunov , still by the valve . both weak from radiation sickness . face swell . hand tremble and reddene . 149 54 . they have be here for hour . each of they barely conscious . hardly enough strength to turn the valve . but still , they try . we follow the maze of standpipe , bend around and climb up damage concrete wall until at last : the end of the pipe . torn open . Water gurgle out of they in small spurt . not cool a reactor core . not do anything at all . just puddle into break concrete , and then spilling down a metal drain grate . ext . CHERNOBYL - montage - continuous 149 the roof fire be out . but the fire within the core rage , unseen . smoke plume out , move in the wind ... over the forest between the reactor and pripyat - we can see the path the deadly wind have be take , because a wide swath of the tree have turn a terrible rust orange color . the hospital , surround by a parking lot of emergency vehicle ... the street , as concerned shopkeeper open up for the day 's business . we see military vehicle pass by in the b.g ... and a line of child , 7 - year old , in they uniform and book bag , hold hand and laugh as they walk to school . move in and low to the ground now ... until we be just look at the child 's shoe as they pass by . a moment or two , and they be out of frame . then a bird drop to the ground in front of we , hit the cement with a sicken sound . it twitches for a moment , then go utterly still . end of episode one