CHERNOBYL episode 2 - " please remain calm " written by Craig mazin September 21 , 2018 copyright© 2018 Home box Office , Inc. all rights reserve no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , exhibited , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including on any website , without prior written consent of home BOX office , inc . this material be the property of home BOX office , inc . and be intended for and restricted to use by home BOX office , inc . only . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . 201 202 203 over black 201 stodgy classical music , play through a tinny radio speaker . over it , a voice begin to recite poetry : voice ( on radio ) you know I believe that the Russia we fight for / be not the dull town where I live at a loss / ext . byelorusian inst . for nuclear ENERGY - morning 202 we pan across a empty parking lot until we find a single car , a lada riva - - there all by itself in front of a drab , generic Soviet building on the outskirt of a city . voice ( on radio ) but that country track we ancestor follow / the grave where they lie with the old Russian cross / title : 8:30 a.m. , april 26 7 hour after the explosion int . laboratory - continuous 203 a large room with multiple lab desk , sink , cabinet and rack of scientific equipment , periodic table chart on the wall , label with the familiar radiation sign ... voice ( on radio ) I feel that for I , it be countryside Russia / that first make I feel I must truly belong / to the tedious mile between village and village / the tear of the widow , the woman 's sad song / the room be empty but for : a woman , 40' - face down at a table , she salt - and - pepper hair splay around she head . next to she , a stack of technical document . coffee cup . half - eat sandwich . Soviet poetry dron from a radio . we push in on she . she might be dead . voice ( on radio ) we see alongside we the death of we comrade / by old Russian practice , soldier laid end to end / we stay on the woman . hear the SOUND of the lab door open . voice ( on radio ) and yet I still feel proud of the dearest of country / the great bitter land I be bear to defend . someone enter . drop a small paper bag next to she head . voice ( on radio ) that be konstantin simonov 's poem " to alexei surkov , " write in -- click . the unseen person turn the radio off , and ulana khomyuk , the sleep woman , raise she head . khomyuk ( disorient ) whumm ? dmitri , 30 , put a thermos in front of she . dmitri you work too hard . khomyuk rub she face . check she watch . then look around . khomyuk where be everyone ? dmitri they refuse to come in . khomyuk why ? dmitri it 's Saturday . oh. right . then : khomyuk why do you come in ? dmitri I work too hard . ( wipe he brow ) uch , it 's boil in here . he cross to a window . he lift the window OPEN , and almost instantly : beeeeeeeeeeeeee 204 205 dmitri and khomyuk turn in adrenaline shock to : a dosimeter mount on the wall . a split second , then : dmitri slam the window shut . then rush to the dosimeter . press a button to silence the alarm . read the meter . dmitri eight milliroentgen . what -- ? dmitri anxiously glance at a metal case with radiation sticker . Inside , box and tube . dmitri a leak ? khomyuk have not take she eye off the window . Wide awake now . khomyuk no . it would have go off before . it 's come from outside . dmitri sit down . have the unthinkable finally happen ? dmitri the Americans ? in cut - khomyuk open she drawer , pull out a pill container . take one pill . then toss he the bottle . snap on latex glove . tear open a packet . a sterile wet wipe sample cloth be remove , fold ... khomyuk wipe along the sill of the window in a " ss " pattern , press firmly , pick up dust , and then we be : int . hallway 204 khomyuk stride with purpose down the empty hall , sample in hand . there 's iron in this woman . int . spectometry room 205 the spectrometer - hum - khomyuk stare at the screen . eye flicker over the spike line . one line spike much higher than the other . and just like that , she know . 206 int . laboratory 206 khomyuk barrel back into the lab , startling the wait dmitri . she thrust the spectrometer printout at he . khomyuk iodine 131 . it 's not military . it 's uranium decay . u-235 . dmitri reactor fuel . he look at she . then catch up . a sick realization . dmitri ignalina . maybe 240 kilometer away . she turn to a shelf of binder ... pull one , flip page . there . she pick up the lab phone . dial a number . ignalina operator ( phone ) ( rush , loud ) hello ? khomyuk yes , this be ulana khomyuk with the Institute of nuclear - - ignalina operator ( phone ) you do not think we already know ? we be look for it ! khomyuk look for -- ignalina operator ( phone ) we have get 4 milliroentgen here , I have get man crawl over the whole plant ... no steam leak , no water leak , nothing ! we can not -- khomyuk all right , stay calm . ignalina operator ( phone ) do not tell I to stay calm , I want to evacuate , Moscow tell we we can not , and now you call ? who the hell be you anyway -- khomyuk hang up on he . no time for this . khomyuk they're at 4 . it 's not they . who 's the next close ? dmitri ( shake he head ) Chernobyl . but that 's not possible , it 's 400 kilometer away . khomyuk no , too far for 8 milliroentgen . they would have to be split open . but maybe they know something . she find the number in she directory , and dial . we hear the other end - ring ring . as they wait : dmitri could it be a waste dump ? khomyuk we would be see other isotope . ring ring ... ring ring ... dmitri nuclear test ? New kind of bomb ? khomyuk we would have hear . that 's what half we people work on here . ring ring ... ring ring ... dmitri something with the space program ? like a satellite or -- what be they say down there ? khomyuk I do not know . no one 's answer the phone . khomyuk and dmitri realize at the same time . she put the receiver down on the table , and now he can hear it too . ring ring ... ring ring ... ring ring ... ring ring ... oh god . the ring of the the unanswer phone grow louder and louder , blend into the sound of a siren as we CUT to : 207 208 209 ext . pripyat hospital - morning 207 a emergency vehicle screech to a halt in front of the building . we follow -- handheld -- chaos -- as emergency worker wheel a patient rapidly into : int . pripyat hospital - entrance - continuous 208 madness . a war zone . the building be choke with people : firemen , plant worker , man , woman , child , baby ... some people be vomit . other be pass out . Children scream . zinchenko push through the crowd . issue instruction to a frantic pripyat nurse who follow she . zinchenko get everyone start on a iv . pripyat nurse we do not have enough . zinchenko all the child then . pripyat nurse we do not have enough . zinchenko ( snap ) as many as you can ! just -- ( look around ) where 's the old man ? pripyat nurse he 's set up a burn ward in 16 . shit. Zinchenko leave the panic nurse ... int . makeshift burn ward - moment later 209 Men on gurney . some be scream in pain . Zinchenko enter ... wobble slightly in a puddle of vomit on the floor . fuck . regains she balance and see : the old doctor - dabbing at vasily's face with a wet sponge , which he 's dip in a basin of white fluid . zinchenko what be you do ? what be that ? 210 211 old doctor milk . much better than water . my god . Zinchenko scan the man . we recognize vasily . akimov. toptunov . see the pattern of the burn on they skin . body swollen . skin strangely tan . Dark . Zinchenko grab the sponge out of the old doctor 's hand . fling it aside . then start pulling vasily 's boot off . old doctor have you lose you mind ? zinchenko this be radiation burn . they clothes be contaminate . everyone stare in silence . until : zinchenko help I . the nurse be jarre into action . as they strip away pants , jacket , helmet , shirt , sock , underwear ... zinchenko get it all off . we be take it down to the basement . the old doctor watch in utter confusion . the basement ? int . the basement - moment later 210 foot stampede down the wind stairway . equipment and clothing hit the concrete floor in a jumble pile . the nurse run back up for more as other nurse come down and toss more clothing . Zinchenko hurl she handful of clothing to the floor . then wince . check she hand where she be hold vasily 's boot . her palm be already bright red . she look up to see a nurse stare . be you all right ? zinchenko let 's get the rest . Zinchenko head back for more . the nurse follow , and : omitted 211 212 213 ext . hospital front door - continuous 212 a mob of angry people be yell and plead with : a line of military police , some with gun , some hold club . hospital soldier we be at capacity . please disperse ! lyudmilla be jostle by the crowd . near the front , the soldier physically push people back . there 's a surge of movement from behind she ... the soldier push back ... and in the chaos , she slip past they ... fall ... ... then get up and run into the hospital . the soldier can not stop she . too busy with the rest of the crowd . the air fill with angry shout and scream , and then : int . kremlin - day 213 silence . a stately corridor . chandelier . floor shine to a polish . and every few foot , the Soviet flag . valery legasov sit on a small chair against the wall near one of the flag . Hair carefully comb . his best suit . a door open , and a woman , 40' , emerge . pleasant . courteous . kremlin aide Professor legasov ? legasov ( rise ) yes ? kremlin aide oh no , not yet . they be finish up some other business . it will be a few more minute . can I get you some tea ? legasov no , I be fine . thank you . she extend a document to he . kremlin aide I think you might care to read deputy Secretary shcherbina 's report while you wait . 214 215 legasov oh. certainly . thank you . he take the typewritten report , and she exit . legasov sit back down . scan the first page . hmm. flip. second page . scan . mmhmm . flip . third page . scan . wait . oh my god . he sit there , stare agape at the page . then look around ... be anyone else here ? have anyone else see -- ?? the aide return . still pleasant and calm . kremlin aide all right , Professor . they be ready . she see the panic in he eye . kremlin aide be something wrong ? int . kremlin hallway - moment later 214 we lead : legasov , on he face , watch as he force himself to walk ... force himself to stay calm , the report clutch in he hand , still open to the third page . surely they know . they have to know ... he wipe he brow . sweat . mouth dry . he pass soldier who push open door , and he enter : int . kremlin conference room - continuous 215 the inner sanctum . the center of Soviet power . a long room line with Soviet flag . in the center of the room , a conference table . Men in they seat . some in Soviet military uniform . other in suit . and at the head of the table , mikhail gorbachev . 10 . legasov 's eye dart nervously . who among this man know ? who else be frighten ? who else feel sick to they stomach ? not one of they appear concerned at all . someone clear they throat , catch he attention . this be boris shcherbina , 67 , barrel - chest , intimidating brow . a bull of a man . and shcherbina nod toward a seat . as in : we be all sit . you be not . sit. legasov rush himself into he chair . try to keep he hand from shaking . please . let someone else say it . not I . anyone but I . gorbachev thank you all for you duty to this Commission . we will begin with deputy Chairman shcherbina 's briefing , and then we will discuss next step if necessary . if necessary ? shcherbina thank you , General Secretary . I be pleased to report the situation in Chernobyl be stable . what ? shcherbina we be coordinate with local Party official and plant management to address the incident . military and civilian patrol have secure the region , and Colonel - General pikalov , who command troops specialize in chemical hazard , have be dispatch to the plant . legasov look down at page three . flip to the next page , hope that there 's something that make page three not real . but page three be real . 11 . shcherbina in term of radiation , Plant director bryukhanov report no more than 3.6 roentgen . I be tell that 's the equivalent of a chest x-ray . ( to the room ) so if you be overdue for a check - up ... the man chuckle . legasov look up again , eye pass over all of they , desperately search for someone to meet eye with he , to say , " yes , I know , I will say it ... " shcherbina as for the fire , it 's largely contain . pikalov and he man should have it out soon enough . gorbachev foreign press ? shcherbina ( proudly ) totally unaware . shcherbina nod across the table to charkov , 63 . of all the Soviet man ... the bald , white - haire man with round face and black -rimm glass ... charkov be perhaps the most exemplary of the type . as if he be make in a factory . shcherbina kgb first deputy Chairman charkov assure I we have successfully protect we security interest . gorbachev good . very good . well , it seem like it 's well in hand -- someone say something . now . say it . gorbachev -- so if there 's nothing else ? legasov 's mouth will not open . tongue will not work . gorbachev meeting adjourned . Gorbachev rise . everyone else get up , and -- 12 . legasov no ! everyone turn to he . shock . gorbachev pardon I ? legasov realize he say it . he say no . to mikhail Gorbachev . and he 's terrify . but -- legasov we can not adjourn . shcherbina fix a dark gaze on legasov . there 's a disquieting rage in this man . shcherbina this be Professor legasov of the kurchatov Institute . Professor , if you have a concern , feel free to address it with I . later . legasov give a small nod . cowed . dying inside . but : legasov I can not . all eye on he again . everyone stand . and now he rise . sweaty , flustered , bad suit , crooked glass . legasov I be sorry . I be so sorry but -- ( the report ) page three -- the section on casualty - — ( read ) " a fireman be severely burn on he hand by a chunk of smooth , black mineral on the ground outside the reactor building . " smooth black mineral ! ( do no one --? ) graphite . there 's graphite on the ground . outside . shcherbina there be a tank explosion . there 's debris . of what importance be -- ? legasov there 's only one place in the entire facility where you will find graphite . ( more ) 13 . legasov ( cont would ) Inside the core . if there 's graphite on the ground , it mean it be not a control system tank that explode . ( beat ) it be the reactor core . ( the unthinkable ) it 's open . no one be sure how to react . and so they do what they have always do . they slowly turn toward Gorbachev to see how they should feel about this . for a moment , he be inscrutable . then : gorbachev comrade shcherbina ? shcherbina General - Secretary , I assure you Professor legasov be mistaken . bryukhanov report the reactor core be intact . and the radiation -- legasov 's panic ferment to frustration . impatience . the word come fly out of he . legasov yes , " 3.6 roentgen " , which by the way be not the equivalent of one chest x-ray , but rather four hundred chest x-ray . that number 's be bother I for a different reason , though . it 's also the maximum read on low-limit dosimeter . they give we the number they have , but I think the true number be much , much higher . if I be right , this fireman be hold the equivalent of four million x- ray . in he hand . shcherbina ( icy ) . Professor legasov . there be no place for alarmist hysteria in this room . legasov it 's not alarmist if it 's a fact ! gorbachev I do not hear any fact at all . 14 . the room fall silent . a palpable sense of fear . gorbachev all I hear be a man I do not know engage in conjecture -- in direct contradiction of what have be report by Party official . shcherbina can barely repress a smile . and legasov remember where he be . who he 's yell in front of . oh god . legasov I apologize . I do not mean -- may I express my concern as calmly and respectfully as I can ? shcherbina be about to cut he off , but Gorbachev raise a hand to silence he . then gesture to legasov to continue , and sit . the rest of the room sit back down with he . legasov a rbmk reactor use uranium - 235 as fuel . every atom of u-235 be like a bullet travel nearly the speed of light , penetrate everything in its path . Wood , metal , concrete , flesh . in every gram of U - 235 , there be over a billion trillion of this bullet . ( beat ) that 's in one gram . Chernobyl hold over three million gram of U - 235 . and right now , it be on fire . and -- I believe - - expose . wind will carry radioactive particle across the entire continent , and rain will bring they down on we . Three million billion trillion bullet in the water we drink , the food we eat , in the air we breathe . each bullet -- capable of damaging the genetic code in we body . each bullet capable of bring sickness , cancer , death . most of they will not stop fire for a hundred year . some of they will not stop for fifty thousand year . the air have go out of the room . no one say a word . then : 216 15 . gorbachev and this -- concern - - stem entirely from the description of a rock ? everyone turn to stare at legasov . Dead eye , all of they . legasov yes . a moment . then Gorbachev turn to shcherbina : gorbachev I want you to go to Chernobyl . look at the reactor . you personally . report directly back to I . shcherbina a wise decision . I will depart at once . gorbachev and take legasov with you . legasov and shcherbina both register surprise . shcherbina forgive I , comrade General - Secretary , but -— gorbachev do you know how a nuclear reactor work , boris evdokimovich ? shcherbina no . gorbachev then how will you know what you be look at ? Gorbachev stride out , follow by everyone else , until there 's no one leave in the room but legasov and shcherbina . stare at each other . ext . moscow - AIR force base - afternoon 216 the noise of helicopter rotors . two soldier hold on to they hat as they lead the way toward the helicopter . legasov walk beside shcherbina , try to keep up with the older man 's athletic pace . 217 16 . i./e. helicopter mid -flight - moment later 217 in the back - legasov be sandwich between the two soldier . White knuckle . across from he , a very calm shcherbina . legasov be the only one wear he seat belt . shcherbina do you enjoy the meeting ? legasov be not quite sure what to say . shcherbina you should know , it 's not the first time someone 's try to embarrass I like that . I have be part of the apparatus for over forty year now . Men like you come along all the time . so smart . so confident . ( beat ) funny . I can not remember any of they name . ( beat ) how do a nuclear reactor work ? legasov what ? shcherbina it 's a simple question . legasov it 's hardly a simple answer . shcherbina of course -- you presume I be too stupid to understand . so I will restate . tell I how a nuclear reactor work , or I will have one of this soldier throw you out of this helicopter . legasov slowly look at the soldier . neither one of they seem faze by that suggestion in the slight . okay ... legasov so -- a nuclear reactor generate electricity with steam . shcherbina nod . good. continue . legasov the steam turn a turbine , which generate electricity . ( more ) 17 . legasov ( cont would ) but where a typical power plant make steam by burn coal , a nuclear plant -- legasov pat he jacket pocket . look for -- shcherbina calmly hand legasov a pen and a copy of the report he just present . legasov nod in nervous thanks . turn the document over , and begin sketching as he talk . legasov --a nuclear plant use something call fission . we take a unstable element like uranium - 235 , which have too many neutron . a neutron be -- shcherbina the bullet . legasov yes . the bullet . so , bullet be fly off of the uranium . he show shcherbina the page as he sketches . legasov now , if you put enough of this uranium atom close together , the bullet from one atom will eventually hit another atom . the force of this impact split that atom apart , release a tremendous amount of energy . fission . but -- that fission atom release even more bullet , which slam into even more atom . more fission lead to more fission -- and the result be a chain reaction . ( beat ) you see the problem with that , right ? shcherbina I be not in you classroom . just tell I the answer . oh . legasov the chain reaction will grow and grow , never stop until all the uranium fission . ( more ) 18. legasov ( cont would ) the fuel quickly burn out , release a massive amount of energy in a instant . this be the principle behind a nuclear bomb . so : ( the sketch ) Control rod . see ... this rod be the fuel rod . they contain the uranium . this rod be control rod . they be make of boron . now -- why do you think they be -- oh. right . not in a classroom . legasov they be make of boron because it 's excellent at capture neutron . it absorb they . if you lower a control rod between two fuel rod , it act like a bullet proof vest , keep this neutron from smash into this atom , and the reaction slow . if you raise it , the fuel rod can fire neutron at each other , and the reaction increase . Water be pump through the core , the heat of fission turn it to steam , and the result : electricity . shcherbina reach out and take the sketch . Studies it . shcherbina and the graphite ? legasov ah -- the neutron be move so fast -- we call this " flux " -- it 's relatively unlikely that they will hit other uranium atom . to make the chain reaction possible , you have to slow they down . in the rbmk reactor , we surround the fuel rod with graphite to moderate -- slow down -- the neutron flux . shcherbina stare at the sketch . then : shcherbina good . I know how a nuclear reactor work . now I do not need you . shcherbina lean back in he seat and close he eye to sleep . a happy little smile on he face . 19 . 218 ext . byelorusian communist party hq - minsk - afternoon 218 a impossibly gray , Soviet building . 219 int . office reception room - continuous 219 a portrait of lenin . khomyuk sit across from it on a squat couch . tense . from behind a close door , we hear men laughing . a sheepish female aide , 60' , sit at a desk near the door . aide perhaps if you come back another -- ? khomyuk I have wait three hour . I can wait longer . the door open , and two man emerge in good spirit . one be chulkov , 50' . the other be garanin , 57 , overf . garanin wonderful ... just wonderful ... khomyuk ( rise ) deputy Secretary garanin . garanin do not drop he smile , but he glance over to he aide , who look like a dog about to get beat . who 's this ? aide ulana khomyuk of the byelorusian Institute for nuclear Energy . the slight hitch in he smile . then right back to : garanin oh ? what a pleasure . May I introduce ilya ivanovich chulkov , the eminent poet ? we be just discuss -- khomyuk I be here about Chernobyl . garanin 's smile freeze on he face . then to chulkov . guide he warmly to the door . garanin such a lovely time . please , visit again soon . 220 20 . chulkov head out , confuse . garanin close the door behind he , then turn back to khomyuk . no longer smile . int . garanin' office - moment later 220 he pour himself a glass of vodka . garanin I must tell you -- this be why no one like scientist . when we have a disease to cure , where be they ? in a lab . nose in they book . and so , grandma die . he cross to he desk . garanin but when there be not a problem ? they be everywhere . spread fear . khomyuk I know about Chernobyl . garanin oh ? khomyuk I know the core be either partially or completely expose . garanin ( shrug ) whatever that mean . khomyuk and I know that if you do not immediately issue iodine tablet and then evacuate this city , hundred of thousand will get cancer , and god only know how many will die . for a moment , she fear rattles he . but only for a moment . garanin yes , very good , there have be a accident at Chernobyl , but I have be assure there be no problem . khomyuk I be tell you there be . 221 222 223 21 . garanin I prefer my opinion to yours . khomyuk I be a nuclear physicist . before you be deputy Secretary , you work in a shoe factory . garanin ( stiffen ) yes . I work in a shoe factory . and now I be in charge . ( raise he glass ) " to the worker of the world . " he downs he drink . meeting over . int . office reception room - moment later 221 khomyuk walk out of garanin 's office . close the door behind she . his aide look nervous . khomyuk fish the pill bottle out of she purse . khomyuk stable iodine will keep you thyroid from absorb radioactive iodine . take one pill each day for as long as they last . and go east -- as far away from minsk as you can . khomyuk hand she the pill , and exit . the aide stare at the pill , then quickly take one and shove the bottle into she own purse . omitted 222 int . pripyat hospital - late afternoon 223 lyudmilla push she way through the throng of miserable people . the hallway be choke with sick people . some be be treat while they lie on the floor . we hear the sound of a scream baby from off -screen . lyudmilla see a nurse come toward she . lyudmilla can you help I , I be look for -- 22 . the nurse do not acknowledge she . just rush by . lyudmilla turn a corner and stop when she see : oksana 's husband mikhail , stand in the corridor . he 's hold he baby , who be scream -- not a wail of hunger or fatigue , but the sharp , staccato cry of pain . mikhail lyudmilla . she stare in shock at he . his eye be bloodshot . face puffy . both he and he baby 's skin be reddish / tan . she approach and see that he 's stand in front of a window look into a treatment room . through the window - she see oksana and she four - year old son in the room - both share a single gurney . oksana 's dress be cover in vomit . zinchenko , she hand bandaged , be hook the four- year old up to a iv . the little boy 's head loll ... he do not even react when Zinchenko push the needle in . they're both tanned ... just like mikhail and the baby . mikhail take she . lyudmilla what ? he extend he baby out to she . mikhail take she . take she away from here . he retch , then hold the baby out again . raising he volume to be hear over he daughter 's scream . mikhail please . take she . take she . lyudmilla , scared , reach out for the baby when : pripyat nurse get away from they ! the pripyat nurse rush over to lyudmilla . start push she back from mikhail . 224 23 . pripyat nurse you want to get sick ? go ! lyudmilla back away , then turn and rush away . mikhail be still hold he baby out . mikhail take her ! please take her ! int . hospital - corridor - moment later 224 lyudmilla round the corner , then finally stop . cover she mouth with a shaky hand . overwhelm . then see : a military officer , major burov , 45 , pass by . she run to catch up to he . lyudmilla Excuse I ... I be vasily ignatenko 's wife ... major burov ( no time for she ) I do not know he . lyudmilla no , he 's a fireman . ignatenko . ignatenko. 6th paramilitary Fire and rescue unit ... I have to find he ... ( stop he ) please . burov relent . he pull a fold paper from he pocket . a list of name . scan it . then : major burov ignatenko . he 's be transport by helicopter to Moscow . Hospital # 6 . lyudmilla why ? be he all right ? can I see he ? major burov ( enough already ) you want to see he ? go to Moscow . lyudmilla but -- we be not allow out of -- they arrive at a hallway guard by soldier . lyudmilla can no longer follow he . 225 226 227 24 . major burov you have permission . tell they Major burov send you . he walk down the hall . she call out after he . lyudmilla when be they take he ? major burov now . ext . field outside pripyat - dusk 225 vasily - on a gurney - be load into a helicopter along with some other firefighter and plant worker ... ext . skie over CHERNOBYL - moment later 226 the helicopter sweep by in formation . a moment , then ... the commission helicopter blow into frame , head in the opposite direction ... move toward Chernobyl ... int . commission helicopter - continuous 227 the pilot call back to the man in the back . pilot we be approach the power plant . shcherbina look out the small side window . from he vantage , nothing but green forest and blue sky . shcherbina beautiful . you should enjoy this view , legasov . while you have one . legasov ignore that . he 's craning he neck . Left ... right ... which way ? the helicopter bank , and he see : smoke ... which be blow away to reveal : CHERNOBYL - tilt toward he through the helicopter window ... the reactor building blow open ... the fire pour out of the center ... and a faint blue glow flicker around the air over the reactor ... and scattered on the roof , chunks of black graphite . 25 . legasov ( to himself ) what have they do ? shcherbina be just as shocked . never expect this . shcherbina can you see the core from here ? legasov I do not need to . look at the graphite on the roof . the entire building 's blow open . it 's expose . shcherbina legasov I do not see how you can tell for god 's sake , look at the that from here -- glow -- the radiation be ionize the air ! shcherbina if we can not see it , we do not know . ( to the pilot ) get we directly over the building . legasov shcherbina boris evdokimovich -- do not use my name . legasov shcherbina -- if we fly directly over a I do not ask you advice . open reactor core -- legasov -- we will be dead within a week . Dead . the soldier look at each other . and in the front , the pilot register what be just say . pilot Sir ? shcherbina 's face be set in grim determination . shcherbina I have my order from General - Secretary Gorbachev . you have you order from I . get we over the reactor core , or I will have you shot . legasov unbuckle himself . turn toward the cockpit . 228 229 26 . legasov if you fly over the core , I promise you -- by tomorrow morning , you will be begging for that bullet . on the pilot - sweat ... three second from the reactor ... two second ... one second ... the pilot yank on the stick . legasov tumble from he seat , slamming into the side of the helicopter as -- ext . over CHERNOBYL - continuous 228 -- the helicopter peel off at the last moment and head away from the reactor . and one by one , the trail helicopter peel off and follow ... ext . CHERNOBYL base camp - 3 km from reactor - sunset 229 slow motion - smoke swirl - man in protective gear emerge silently from the cloud . White jumpsuit . Black glove . the fashion of the apocalypse . wide to reveal - the site - worker , some in protective gear , other wear only military uniform , be building a makeshift camp . truck , crate ... and light . generator crank to life and light flood the site , catch wave of soot pass through they beam . in the distance -- Chernobyl , and the plume of black smoke ... fomin follow bryukhanov through the gauntlet of soldier . he glance at the man in protective suit ... fomin overkill . pikalov 's show off . to make we look bad . bryukhanov it do not matter how it look . bryukhanov stop . a stiff breeze have pick up . fomin join he . they be look at : the commission helicopter landing on the ground nearby . rotor kick up a dusty wind . bryukhanov shcherbina 's a pure bureaucrat , as stupid as he be pighead . we will tell he the truth in the simple term possible , and we will be fine . ( yell to ) pikalov ! 27 . general vladimir pikalov - 62 , lifelong veteran , be signing order for he man . he look over at bryukhanov with all the resentment of decade of take order from bureaucrat . as he head toward they : there Pov of - the helicopter - the soldier have exite , along with the pilot . now shcherbina get out , follow by legasov . shcherbina speak briefly to the soldier , then begin crossing to bryukhanov , fomin and pikalov . the soldier stay behind with legasov and the pilot . not with they . guarding they . as shcherbina near bryukhanov : bryukhanov comrade shcherbina -- Chief engineer fomin , Colonel - General pikalov and I be honore by you arrival . fomin deeply , deeply honore . bryukhanov ( shut up , fomin ) naturally , we regret the circumstance of the visit , but as you can see , we be make excellent progress contain the damage . we have also begin a inquiry into the cause of the accident , and I have a list of individual we believe be accountable . bryukhanov hand shcherbina a paper with a list of name . shcherbina take it with a approve grunt , and remove some read glass from he jacket pocket . by the helicopter - legasov look out toward the reactor . acid fear in he stomach . then : one of the soldier from the helicopter approach . nod at legasov to follow . shcherbina - stand with bryukhanov and fomin - - a united front -- silently confront the approach legasov . then : bryukhanov Professor legasov . I understand you have be say dangerous thing . 28 . fomin very dangerous thing . ( he preen speech ) apparently we reactor core " explode . " please tell I how a rbmk reactor core " explode " . I would love to know . legasov glare at fomin with pure hatred . legasov I be not prepare to explain it at this time . fomin ( pleased ) as I presume . he have no answer . bryukhanov disgraceful , really . to spread disinformation at a time like this . shcherbina stare at legasov . weigh he fate ? legasov meet he eye . if this be he end , so be it . then : shcherbina ( to bryukhanov ) why do I see graphite on the roof ? bryukhanov be startle by the question . so be legasov . shcherbina graphite be only find in the core , where it 's use as a neutron flux moderator - - correct ? Holy shit . bryukhanov pass the buck immediately to : bryukhanov fomin , why do the deputy Chairman see graphite on the roof ? fomin there can not be , I -- comrade shcherbina , my apology , but graphite ? that 's ... that 's not possible . ( scramble ) perhaps you see burnt concrete ? 230 29 . shcherbina ah , now there you make a mistake , because while I do not know much about nuclear reactor , I know a lot about concrete . fomin ( panic ) comrade , I assure you -- shcherbina I understand . you think legasov be wrong . so -- how shall we prove it ? no answer . shcherbina turn to pikalov . well ? pikalov we high - range dosimeter just arrive . we could cover one of we truck with lead shield , mount the dosimeter on the front ... shcherbina turn to legasov . satisfied ? legasov nod . legasov ( to pikalov ) have one of you man drive as close to the fire as he can , and give he every bit of protection you have . but understand -- even with the lead shield -- it may not be enough . pikalov understand . and do not hesitate . pikalov then I will do it myself . ext . CHERNOBYL - south of the power plant - night 230 smoky haze from the fire , visible in the nearly - full moon , blanket the ground . the air occasionally flicker with a eerie fluorescent glow . no one here . no movement , no life . until . headlight appear - a armore truck approach from the east ... intercut with - pikalov , drive the truck , in full gear . Gas mask conceal he face . 231 30 . on the front of the truck - a large dosimeter , blink light , secure to the grill with masking tape . pikalov be Pov - through the windowscreen - the power plant chain link fence - and beyond it , the back side of reactor Building # 4 - and the fire raging from within ... he slow as he approach the gate . stop. hesitates . then : turn around . start to drive away . then stop again . on pikalov - shifting the truck into reverse , and : stomp on the accelerator , and : the truck - gear whining as it pick up speed , head backwards , and : smashes through the gate , send chain link and steel pole scatter aside ... the truck stop again , then turn slowly to face its destination . pikalov be Pov - through the windowscreen - as he drive slowly now , he headlight illuminate the desolate landscape of the break power plant . we stay in he Pov as he weave through : chunks of burn graphite . the wreckage of pump and machinery throw from somewhere deep in the building ... and as he turn around to the west side of the building : abandoned FIRE truck ... OPEN hose still connect to the plant hydrant , spewing water into drainage grate ... on pikalov - he turn the wheel , search for the close spot , and as he come around a turn , we can see he eye widen , even through the goggle of he face mask ... because he see it now . and reflect against he windshield -- --a terrible , unnatural light . int . temp . military shelter - base camp - night 231 a temporary command tent . bryukhanov and fomin sit in silence . across the room , legasov sit alone . 232 31 . and in the middle of the room , between they ... shcherbina . wait with no expression whatsoever . no one look at anyone . no one say a word . then -- a soldier enter . soldier he 's back . ext . base camp - moment later 232 shcherbina stride out , follow by legasov , bryukhanov and fomin . the armored truck be 100 meter away , and man in protective gear be hosing it down with a white foam . twenty meter away , man hose down pikalov - still in he gear - and then help he remove he hood ... gas mask ... unzip the overall ... he unbuckle the boot ... finally , pikalov walk over to they . pikalov it 's not three roentgen . they hang in anticipation . everyone 's fate in the balance . pikalov it 's fifteen thousand . legasov close he eye . that be the number he expect . fomin be speechless . bryukhanov scoff . bryukhanov comrade shcherbina -- shcherbina fix he deadly glare on bryukhanov , who instantly shut up . then shcherbina turn to legasov . shcherbina what do that number mean ? legasov it mean the core be open and the fuel be melting down . it mean the fire we be watch with we own eye be give off nearly twice the radiation release by the bomb in Hiroshima . and that 's every single hour . hour after hour . ( check he watch ) twenty hour since the explosion . forty bomb ' worth by now . ( more ) 32 . legasov ( cont would ) forty -eight more tomorrow . and it will not stop . not in a week . not in a month . it will burn and spread its poison until the entire continent be dead . no one say a word . then shcherbina turn to a soldier . shcherbina please escort comrade bryukhanov and fomin to the local Party headquarters . just as bryukhanov foresee . they be be arrest . shcherbina thank you for you service , gentleman . bryukhanov attempt a protest , even as he know it 's pointless . bryukhanov shcherbina comrade ... you be excuse . discussion over . two more soldier move in and guide bryukhanov and fomin away . fomin dyatlov be in charge ! it be dyatlov ! and they be go . shcherbina take a moment . do not notice legasov 's disquiet about what just happen . just : shcherbina tell I how to put it out . pikalov we will use helicopter . Drop water on it , like a forest fire . legasov no -- no -- you do not understand . you be deal with something that have never occur on this planet before . this be not a " fire " . it 's a fission reactor core burn at over 2,000 degree . the heat will instantly vaporize the water -- or worse , ionize it , and then you be -- 33 . shcherbina ( no time ) how do we -- legasov Sand . Sand and boron . thousands of drop because the helicopter can not go directly over the core , so much of it be go to miss , and there be other -- risk -- but I do not see any other way . shcherbina how much sand and boron ? legasov well I can not be as accurate as I would -- shcherbina for god 's sake -- roughly . legasov five thousand ton ? shcherbina and pikalov look at each other . five thousand ton ? legasov and obviously we need to immediately evacuate a enormous area of -- shcherbina ( bristle ) never mind that . focus on the fire . legasov I be focus on the fire . the wind be carry the smoke , all that radiation -- at least evacuate pripyat ! it 's three kilometer away ! shcherbina that 's my decision to make . legasov then make it . shcherbina I have be tell not to . legasov be it or be it not you decision ?! 233 234 34 . shcherbina I be in charge here ! this will go much easier if you talk to I about thing you do understand , and do not talk to I about thing you do not understand . with that shcherbina turn and walk off in a huff . legasov ( shout after he ) where be you go ? shcherbina ( shout back ) I be go to get you five thousand ton of sand and boron ! and just like that , he 's go . legasov stand there , unsure of what to do . or where to go . pikalov there 's a hotel . legasov look at he . a hotel ? it 's all so surreal ... but ... ext . polissya HOTEL - pripyat - night 233 a six storey , white building . typical Soviet brutalist design . could just as easily be a prison . legasov be drop off by a Red Army uaz - 469 , which drive away , leave he alone . he look around , still in shock . a few citizen - take they nightly stroll . walk they pet . no one know . and he can not tell they . int . polissya HOTEL - lobby - moment later 234 legasov slowly walk through the lobby , like he 's ina waking nightmare . the hotel be quiet , but there be the bellhop ... the front desk attendant ... the maid ... he turn and see : a bar off to the side . he cross over to it and take a seat . everything feel upside -down . around the bend of the bar , a couple . husband and wife from the look of it . 30' , probably local . share a quiet but merry conversation . perhaps a birthday night out . 35 . the bartender , 20 - ish woman , unscrew the cap on a bottle of vodka and take a upturn glass from the bar . legasov point to one of the glass that be face down on the bar . legasov I would prefer one of that . she look at he oddly . uhh , okay . she take one of the glass he want , and pour he he drink . the husband and wife have stop chat . they have notice this . legasov do not realize they be look at he until : local wife Moscow ? he look over at she . what ? oh. his clothes ... or he face ? he nod . lost. local wife superstitious ? you strange request about the glass ? oh. yeah . superstitious . he turn back to he drink , but : local wife be you here because of the fire ? please stop ask question . legasov nod . yes . the wife and husband share a look . then : local wife anything we should be worried about ? legasov turn to they . they be try to disguise they concern ... they fear ... but do a poor job of it . a long pause . tell they . tell they . tell they . legasov no . the couple do another poor job of disguise they relief . they each raise a glass to he . he raise he to they , and then he drink . fast . close on legasov : the bottle enter frame . pour another . we stay close on legasov , soaking in he fear and guilt and frustration , and all sound fade to silence . dissolve to : 235 236 237 238 239 36 . ext . above the pripyat forest - morning 235 we move silently in the AIR - over the pine forest . what start as a narrow band of reddish / brown tree have widen . death be spread . int . forest - continuous 236 a thick mist hang over the ground . the only sound be the occasional creak of wood . the mist shift , and now we see the forest floor . blankete in dead pine needle . the corpse of a deer . now we hear : a faint whup - whup - whup - whup in the distance , pine needle be blow off of dead tree ... the sound grow to a deafening roar ... the wave of air and pine needle rush closer , and : look up through the tree to see : a squadron of soviet AIR force helicopter fly by in formation . ext . above the forest - continuous 237 the helicopter bank around toward Chernobyl . title : morning , april 27 30 hour after the explosion omitted 238 ext . roof of admin build - CHERNOBYL - continuous 239 legasov stand on the roof , watch the helicopter through binocular . shcherbina stand next to he . behind they , set up on a small portable table , be a stasiuk , a radio officer with a radio and microphone . we hear the squawk of voice over the radio . 37 . base command ( radio ) boris squadron , maintain altitude , hold at 5 kilometer . Anna squadron proceed to pattern . lead one begin approach . keep clear of the construction crane on the south edge of the zone , and move in from the east . as legasov watch , four helicopter come closer . Three remain in a hold pattern while the lead copter begin to move slowly toward the reactor site . pilot ( radio ) Anna squadron to pattern , lead one on approach from east . the lead helicopter bank as it begin to move toward the plume of smoke . legasov watch . nervous . legasov remind they about the perimeter . stasiuk look to shcherbina for the okay on that . shcherbina scowl . do not like take order from legasov . but nod . Fine . stasiuk ( into mic ) they can not fly directly over the fire . a minimum of a ten meter perimeter . base command ( radio ) ten meter perimeter , copy . a bit of static , then : base command ( radio ) lead one , per preflight -- maintain minimum ten meter perimeter . pilot ( radio ) cop [ distortion ] . legasov continue to peer through the binocular . shcherbina just watch with he eye . unblink . the helicopter move slowly toward the plume of smoke . pilot ( radio ) forty meter . [ distortion ] - five thirty . 38 . the smoke suddenly shift , and wash over the helicopter , partially obscure it . legasov lower the binocular . he 's lose sight of the copter . on the radio - the signal be start to distort . then : pilot ( radio ) ( break up ) -- visibility , I [ can not ] -- ( break up ) -- twent [ y ] -- base command ( radio ) lead one , repeat . pilot ( radio ) [ distortion ] be we [ distortion ] base command ( radio ) repeat . repeat . the wind shift , and the smoke move away , briefly revealing the copter . it 's drift right over the FIRE . legasov no no no -- they be too close . the smoke return , obscuring the helicopter again . stasiuk look to shcherbina . legasov ( no time for this ) they can not go over the core -- tell they ! shcherbina give stasiuk another nod . do it . stasiuk lead one be too close , I repeat they be too close ! base command ( radio ) copy. ( beat ) lead one , you be inside the perimeter . abort. abort . pilot ( radio ) [ distortion ] can not [ distortion ] 39 . as the wind buffet the smoke , we catch glimpse of the helicopter . it 's hover right over the FIRE , now face the wrong way . stasiuk abort . abort. abort . base command abort abort . lead one -- pilot [ distort ] I can not [ distort ] oh ... oh ... [ distort ] on the radio - loud static ... worse than silence . then : legasov , shcherbina and stasiuk watch in horror as the wind shift the smoke away , revealing : the helicopter be still just hover there . right over the mouth of the open reactor . base command ( radio ) lead one. lead one . nothing . Radio silence . and then the helicopter slowly drift toward a construction crane ... off kilter , tilting oddly as if drunk ... .».. and its rotor blade strike the steel cable hang from the crane ... the blade disintegrate , and -- -- the helicopter roll over and plummet from the sky . legasov turn away . do not want to look . but he hear the distant thud of the impact . his stomach turn . shcherbina hang he head . the worst possible beginning . the radio 's distort signal drop to a mute hiss . then : base command ( radio ) ( solemn ) please advise . stasiuk ( shake ) Sir ? what do I tell the other ? shcherbina legasov. ( nothing ) legasov , be there another way to do this ? 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 40 . legasov shake he head " no " . shcherbina turn back to stasiuk . shcherbina send the next one in . and tell they to approach from the west . legasov walk away . overwhelm . shcherbina let he go . omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted omitted ext . kurchatov institute - moscow - day the most Soviet building imaginable . a four story , brown box with a band of ugly orange tiling just under the roof . we hear a phone ringing . int . marina' office / khomyuk be lab - continuous marina , 40' , scientist in a lab , answer the phone . marina kurchatov Institute Laboratory 4. intercut with : khomyuk , in she lab , on the phone . dmitri sit with she , listen to khomyuk 's end of the conversation . khomyuk marina gruzinskaya , it 's ulana khomyuk from minsk . 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 41 . marina tense . already know what this be about . glance at she phone , with its light up button . this be a nuclear lab in the Soviet Union . no such thing as a private call . marina ( stiffly pleasant ) oh , yes , how nice of you to phone . it 's be too long . khomyuk register the woman 's tone . good . khomyuk it have . I be actually call about we friend -- you know , the one in the country ? marina yes , of course . khomyuk I want to see how he be do . it 's so hot there right now . marina yes , it 's extremely hot . but -- ( think ) his nephew be fly in , and they always bring cool weather with they . khomyuk oh ? which nephew ? marina simka , who 's 14 , and little boris , who just turn 5 . khomyuk look at the small reference periodic table tape on the wall under some cabinet . see the symbol for Si ( 14 ) and B ( 5 ) . khomyuk well that 's wonderful . of course , child can make you even hotter when they be crawl all over you . marina that 's true . but what can you do ? khomyuk maybe I will go visit they . 42. marina no , they do not want visitor . I be sorry , I have to get back to work . it 's very busy right now . Goodbye . khomyuk hear the click as marina hang up . she put the phone down . khomyuk they be drop sand and boron on the fire . dmitri it 's what I would do . khomyuk yes , I be sure it be . she move across the lab to a low storage unit with wide drawer . begins pull open the drawer , look for -- -- there . a set of blueprint . she put they on she desk . dmitri join she , curious , as she hunt through the blueprint for something . flip , flip , flip , flip -- there . a elevation of a industrial building . her finger trace down ... to a cross-section of two empty space . she think for a second , then fold up the blueprint and move to the exit . dmitri where be you go ? khomyuk ( not look back ) Chernobyl . 248 int . polissya HOTEL - shcherbina's suite - day 248 a minimalist suite . bedroom with a attach area for a sofa , chair , coffee table . on it , plate of untouched food . ashtray full of cigarettes . they have be hole up in here for a bit . legasov stand by the window . stare out and down at something -- perhaps on the street below . we do not see what . from outside , the steady drine of distant helicopter . shcherbina enter . legasov turn to he . News ? 43 . shcherbina it 's be smooth . twenty drop . no change in legasov 's somber expression . shcherbina 's short fuse be immediately light . shcherbina what . legasov there be fifty thousand people in this city . so . this argument again . shcherbina Professor ilyin -- who be also on the commission -- say the radiation be not high enough to evacuate -- legasov ilyin be not a physicist -- shcherbina he 's a medical doctor . if he say it 's safe , it 's safe . legasov not if they stay here . shcherbina we be stay here ... legasov yes we be . and we will be dead in five year . the second the word leave he mouth , legasov regret they . shcherbina stand in total shock . gut . legasov I be -- I be sorry , I do not -- shcherbina limply wave he off . stop talk . he sit down . try to swallow what he 's just be tell . the phone ring . jar we . shcherbina pick it up , in a daze . shcherbina shcherbina . 249 250 44 , legasov watch shcherbina 's face as he listen to the person on the other end . after a few long second ... shcherbina thank you . he hang up . all of the fight go out of he . shcherbina a nuclear plant in Sweden detect radiation . and identify it as a byproduct of we fuel . the Americans take satellite photo -- the reactor building . the smoke . the fire . the whole world know . shcherbina join legasov at the window . stare out . pale . shcherbina the wind 's be blow toward Germany . they be not let child play outside in Frankfurt . there Pov : child at a playground just across the street . music : the familiar ABC nightly news fanfare . ext . playground - continuous 249 as child laugh and play , we hear the voice of : peter jenning ( v.o. ) there have be a nuclear accident in the Soviet Union , and the Soviets have admit that it happen . in the near distance , the plume of black smoke continue to rise from Chernobyl ... int . kremlin conference room 250 Gorbachev sit alone , watch a vhs playback of a western news report on television . grim . peter jenning ( on tv ) the Soviet version be this : one of the atomic reactor at the Chernobyl Atomic power Plant near the city of Kiev be damage , and there be speculation in Moscow that people be injure and may have die . ( more ) 251 252 45 . peter jenning ( on tv ) ( cont would ) the Soviets may have be fairly quick to acknowledge the accident because evidence -- in the form of mild nuclear radiation -- ext . highway - ukrainian countryside 251 a motorcycle park on the leave shoulder of a winding highway in the middle of nowhere . a young man be attempt to fix a throw chain . his girlfriend stand wait . smoke . peter jenning ( v.o. ) -- have already reach beyond the Soviet border to scandinavia . a empty kiev CITY bus round the bend and roar past they , head north down the highway . then another . and another . and another . the girl nudge she boyfriend to get he attention . he rise , and they both watch in confusion as : Kiev city bus keep come , one after the other ... ext . pripyat STREET - day 252 people walk outside . push pram . carry grocery . a military truck rumble into view . there be loudspeaker mount to the truck . a piercing electronic squeal . a female voice echoe out from the loudspeaker . a recording . slow , deliberate , oddly calm . loudspeaker attention . and despite the eerie sedation of she voice , the people on the street immediately begin backing away from the truck . frightened . whatever this be , it will not be good . loudspeaker attention . 253 46 . ext . pripyat - various - montage 253 the loudspeaker truck be everywhere , crawl at a snail 's pace through the city . loudspeaker attention . soldier begin move in formation toward group of people , who put they arm up , submissively move backwards . loudspeaker attention . title : 2 p.m. , april 27 36 hour after the explosion Soldiers be stop car . gesture for people to get out . leave the car ... leave everything in the car ... loudspeaker for the attention of the resident of pripyat . Soldiers head into building . fist pound on door . loudspeaker the CITY council inform you that due to the accident at CHERNOBYL power station in the CITY of pripyat -- the kiev buse begin arrive . Soldiers clear people out of store . panicky parent grab they child from playground . teacher lead student out of school in single file line . loudspeaker -- the radioactive condition in the vicinity be deteriorating . in the hospital - soldier move through the hallway . usher patient out of bed . people be remove they own iv 's ... Soldiers push the incapacitate out in gurney . even they can not stay . zinchenko be treat mikhail and oksana' baby , who be still shriek in mikhail 's arm . 47 . loudspeaker the communist party , its official , and the armed force be taking necessary step to combat this . a soldier gesture for she to leave . she refuse . he grab she . another soldier take the baby from mikhail , who try to stop they , but he have no strength . all he can do be cry . Zinchenko fight to get to the baby , but they drag she away . loudspeaker nevertheless , with the view to keep people as safe and healthy as possible -- on the street - people be be line up to board bus . scare , but compliant . like livestock . nearby , a crying little girl . alone . a soldier enter and casually lift her and take she away . no one say a word . loudspeaker -- the child be the top priority , we need to temporarily evacuate the citizen in the nearest towns of kiev oblast . people file into the street , all under the watchful eye of soldier . some of they be barely dress . loudspeaker for these reason , starting from april 27 , 1986 , 2 p.m. , each apartment block will be able to have a bus at its disposal , supervised by the police and the CITY official . outside , zharkov , the elderly pripyat minister who give the rouse speech in the Chernobyl command bunker , be help toward a bus by a soldier . the old Soviet believer seem utterly confuse . he do not understand ... they be tell it be safe ... loudspeaker the senior executive of public and industrial facility of the CITY have decide on the list of employees need to stay in pripyat to maintain these facility in good working order . 48 . at the bus , the soldier start take pet away ... adult and child crying as dog , cat , rabbit , hamster ... all pull from they arm . the people be go . the animal be stay . loudspeaker comrade leaving you residence temporarily , please make sure you have turned off the light , electrical equipment and water , and shut the window . near the hospital - hundred of patient on gurney . even more stumbling around in hospital gowns . Soldiers try to get they into ambulance . onto bus . zinchenko lean over a rubbish bin . vomiting . she finish , and stand back up weakly . look at she hand . it 's ooze fluid through the bandage . her other hand be bright red now . blister . the pripyat nurse rush over and lead Zinchenko to a ambulance . she stumble toward it . it do not matter now . she 's die . loudspeaker please remain calm and orderly in the process of this short term evacuation . the buse full of people begin to pull away ... one after another in a line ... abandon pet dog run after the bus , try to stay with they owner ... on the roof of the polissya HOTEL - legasov and shcherbina watch the evacuation in somber silence . from here , we can see the scope of it . the soldier . the military vehicle . the abandon car . the dog and cat . the circle helicopter . the Soviet flag . the propaganda billboard . and the endless convoy of bus as they drive away with the former citizen of pripyat . this time , it 's shcherbina who can not look . this time , it 's shcherbina who turn and walk away . and the loudspeaker recording begin again . 49 . loudspeaker attention . attention . attention . 254 ext . edge of pripyat - night 254 as the last of the bus rumble past the military checkpoint , a small car come drive up toward the town . Soldiers step out , hand raise . a few more ready they rifle . the car slow to a stop . zukauskas , a soldier , move toward the car . zukauskas no entry . turn around . but instead , khomyuk roll down she window . there be a dozen man with gun . she 's terrify . but defiant . zukauskas I say turn around . this be a restrict zone . khomyuk I be from the byelorusian Institute of nuclear -- SOUND : a helicopter zoom by overhead . low . she flinch from the noise . the wind . this be not where she belong . zukauskas do you have permission ? khomyuk listen to I . I need to -- zukauskas turn around right now , or I will arrest you . only one option leave . she gather she courage . khomyuk if you arrest I , you should take I to the high possible authority . another helicopter rocket by . the guard look at each other . what be this woman on about ? 255 256 50 . ext . polissya HOTEL - night 255 a Red Army uaz - 469 drive up to the hotel . there be light on in the lower window . all of the window above the first storey be dark ... int . polissya HOTEL - banquet room - night 256 the type of place where you might have a wedding . the fancy light and carpet be a strange contrast to legasov and shcherbina , who sit at a banquet table , look at a large map of the region . legasov smoke as he talk . shcherbina barely look at the map . seem lose in he thought . legasov we have to start a radiological survey . sector by sector . on foot -- dosimeter in hand -- legasov realize shcherbina be not listen . legasov be you all right ? shcherbina lift he head . force a reassure smile . then : pikalov enter with khomyuk . pikalov I be sorry to interrupt . the guard arrest this woman at the south checkpoint . I would have put she ina cell , but -- khomyuk -- but he think you should know that I know . before legasov can even ask -- khomyuk I know you reactor core be expose . I know the graphite be on fire , the fuel be melting , and you be drop sand and boron on it . which you probably think be smart . but you have make a mistake . ( more ) 51 . khomyuk ( cont would ) ( beat ) ulana yuriyvna khomyuk , chief physicist , byelorusian Institute for nuclear Energy . you be valery alexeyevich legasov ? he nod . a bit bewilder . khomyuk smother the core will put the fire out , but the temperature will eventually increase . it will melt down -- he raise a hand to stop she . legasov believe I , I be perfectly aware . but I estimate at least a month before it melt through the lower concrete pad , which give we time to -- khomyuk you do not have a month . you have approximately two day . before legasov can respond , she put the blueprint down on top of they map . point to the bottom of the reactor . khomyuk yes , the fuel would take a month to reach the concrete pad here , but first it 's go to burn through the biological shield here by Tuesday . and when it do , it 's go to hit this tank . bubbler pool . reser -- legasov reservoir for the ECS . I understand you concern , but I confirm it with plant personnel -- the tank be nearly empty . khomyuk no . they be nearly empty . that get legasov 's attention . he lean in , concerned , as she point to the blueprint again . khomyuk each of this point , here , here , here in the reactor hall ... all drain to the bubbler pool . 257 258 52 . legasov lean back . beginning to understand . khomyuk I be guess every pipe in the building rupture . and then there be that fire engine I see on the way in . pikalov turn to legasov . pikalov the fire hose be still connect . they have be gush water into the structure this whole time . legasov ( horrify ) the tank be full ... shcherbina be utterly confuse , but he can see from legasov 's face -- something have go terribly wrong . int . / ext . news report - various 257 the ugly globe-and -red-star logo of the Soviet nightly news program vremya ( " time " ) give way to a oddly - frame newsdesk in front of a large blue screen . a female newsreader calmly read a 14 - second report . this be footage of the actual newscast make on April 28th , 1986 . translation only be subtitled over the footage . vremya news anchor a official announcement from the Council of minister . there have be a accident at the Chernobyl atomic power station . one of the atomic reactor be damage . step be be take to deal with the situation , and aid be be give to that affect . the government have form a commission of inquiry . int . kremlin conference room - night 258 the commission be assemble , wait , include legasov , shcherbina and khomyuk , who sit with they . Gorbachev enter . weary . visibly stress . everyone rise and sit back down quickly as he take he seat . 53 . gorbachev I have ten minute . then I be back on the phone . apologize to we friend . apologize to we enemy . he glare at legasov and shcherbina . gorbachev we power come from the perception of we power . do you understand the damage this have do ? do you understand what 's at stake ? ( beat ) boris . shcherbina Professor legasov will deliver we briefing . Gorbachev lean back . this be not the stubborn , bull - head shcherbina he know . this man seem sullen , defeat ... legasov stand up , eager to draw attention from shcherbina . legasov we do have -- some -- good news . the air drop be work to douse the fire . there have be a reduction in radionuclide emission , but the fire will not be extinguish for at least another two week . Gorbachev hang he head . two week . legasov there be also -- a additional problem . Gorbachev slowly raise he eye . there 's more ? legasov open a document binder in front of he . everyone in the room have the same one in front of they . as legasov turn page , so do they , en masse . the first page be a cross section of the reactor . legasov nuclear fuel do not turn cold simply because it 's not on fire . in fact , the temperature will likely rise as a result of the blanket of sand we have drop . ( more ) 54 . legasov ( cont would ) the uranium will begin to melt the sand around it , create a kind of -- lava -- which will begin to melt down through the shield below . gorbachev you have make ... lava . legasov ( clear he throat ) I have anticipate this . I believe we have time to reinforce this lower concrete pad before the lava reach the earth and contaminate the groundwater . but as it turn out , I be worried about the wrong thing . legasov turn the page . we now see a closer section of the blueprint , focus on the core and the pool underneath . legasov it be my understanding the large water tank under the reactor be essentially empty . ( gesture to ) this be ulana khomyuk of the byelorusian Institute . thanks to she insight , we be now aware that the tank be , in fact , full . gorbachev ( impatient ) of water . what exactly be the problem here , legasov ? legasov nod to khomyuk who rise . he sit down . khomyuk ( the blueprint page ) when the lava enter this tank , it will instantly superheat and vaporize approximately 7000 cubic meter of water , cause a significant thermal explosion . the word " explosion " sit there for a moment . then : gorbachev how significant ? a beat . then : 55 . khomyuk we estimate between two and four megaton . the man in the room react . my god . khomyuk flip to the next page . the room flip along with she . the snap of papers move . this be a map of the pripyat / Chernobyl region . she make a circle gesture on the page with she finger . khomyuk everything within a 30 kilometer radius will be completely destroy , include the other three nuclear reactor at Chernobyl . the entirety of radioactive material in all of the core will be eject at force , and disperse by a massive shockwave -- she flip to the next page , and the room follow in turn . a larger map . byelorusia and Ukraine . khomyuk -- which will extend approximately 200 kilometer and likely be fatal to the entire population of Kiev as well as a portion of minsk . Gorbachev lower he head to he hand . can not look . do not want to hear any more . khomyuk flip to the next page . the room follow . a map of Europe and Asia . khomyuk the release of radiation will be severe , and will impact all of Soviet Ukraine , latvia , lithuania and byelorusia , as well as Poland , Czechoslovakia , Romania , hungary , and most of East Germany . she sit down . report conclude . Gorbachev take a moment to absorb this , then : gorbachev what do you mean " impact " ? 56 . legasov for much of the area , a nearly permanent disruption of water and food supplies , and a steep increase in the rate of cancer and birth defect . I do not know how many will die , but -- many . he hesitates , then : legasov for byelorusia and Ukraine , " impact " mean completely uninhabitable . for a minimum of one hundred year . the man in the room be staggered . gorbachev there be fifty million people in byelorusia and Ukraine alone . legasov sixty . yes . gorbachev how long before this happen ? legasov approximately 48 to 72 hour . khomyuk watch they panic rise . good. panic be appropriate . legasov but -- we believe we have a solution . legasov flip to the next page . a larger schematic of the power plant . the room flip along . legasov we can pump the water from the tank . unfortunately , they be seal off by a sluice gate , and the gate can only be open manually from within the duct system itself . we need to find three plant worker who know the facility well enough to enter the basement here , find they way through all this ductway , get to the sluice gate valve here , and give we the access we need to pump out the tank . ( beat ) of course we will need you permission . 259 57 . gorbachev permission for what ? legasov the water in this duct -- the level of radioactive contamination -- khomyuk ( just say it ) they will likely be dead in a week . legasov we be ask you permission to kill three man . Gorbachev consider that . turn to a general . some kind of silent communication between the two of they . then : gorbachev comrade legasov . all victory inevitably come at a cost . sometimes we count this cost in ruble . ( beat ) sometimes we count it in life . ext . pripyat - various - morning 259 we silently drift through the empty city ... inside classroom - the desk be in a orderly grid . Soviet propaganda on the wall . Lessons on the chalkboard . outside - tired , fade clothes hang from a drying line . in the hospital - the wide , empty corridor . and now different view . equipment , bed , file ... all scattered about . a steady drip from a crack iv bottle . a bench on the STREET - a simple carve in the soft wood . a wear pencil . in a apartment - a pair of old shoe next to a unmade bed . a restaurant - food still on table , right where it be leave . the ferris wheel - creak gently in the breeze . we pan slowly across the desolate ghost city until we land on : the polissya HOTEL . 260 58. int . HOTEL banquet room - morning 260 shcherbina sit behind a table . legasov stand next to he , point at the same facility schematic we just see . legasov -- and open the sluice gate valve here . legasov turn away from the schematic to face : the men - about thirty of they in civilian clothes , sit on fancy banquet chair , and stare back at he . grim . legasov there be multiple valve , so we will need two to three man who know the basement layout -- and of course any volunteer will be reward . a yearly stipend of 400 ruble ... the man stare back at he . unmove . legasov try again . legasov and for that of you work in reactor 1 and 2 , promotion -- plant employee why be reactor 1 and 2 still operate at all ? murmur of agreement . plant employee my friend be a security guard that night . her father tell I she 's die . and we have all hear about the firemen . now you want we to swim underneath a burn reactor ? do you even know how contaminate it be ? legasov I do not have a exact number ... plant employee you do not need a exact number to know if it will kill we . but you will not even tell we that . so why should we do this ? for what ? 400 ruble ? shcherbina you will do it because it must be do . 261 59 . shcherbina slowly rise . fix he gaze on the man . his old gaze . his old anger and determination . the ukrainian bull . shcherbina you will do it because no one else can , and if you do not , million will die . and if you tell I that 's not enough , I will not believe you . the Plant employee sit down . the other listen carefully now , like they be finally hearing they native tongue . shcherbina this be what have always set we people apart . a thousand year of sacrifice in we vein . and every generation must know its own suffer . I spit on the man who do this . and I curse the price I have to pay . but I be make my peace with it . you make yours . and go into the water . ( beat ) because it must be do . silence . then ... a man in the back rise . 30 - year old . ananenko ananenko . a moment , then another man rise . 40 . bezpalov bezpalov . then a third man rise . 50 . baranov baranov . Three man . ready to die for what must be do . everyone look at they like they be heroes . because they already be . ext . CHERNOBYL - near administration build - day 261 pikalov 's troops , in full hazard gear , stand by a maintenance door . they silently turn , faceless behind they mask , to : 262 60 . the three men : ananenko , bezpalov and baranov - - each dress in heavy diving wet suit . Soldiers strap dosimeter to the man ... one on the chest , one on a ankle . pikalov 's man prepare the diver , like priest anoint sacrifice . tighten glove . fasten boot . then they cover the three men' head with respirator mask . ananenko , bezpalov and baranov be now faceless . ananenko and bezpalov be give torch and wrench to hold . baranov be give a dosimeter on the end of a telescoping rod . it 's time . a soldier tap on the maintenance door . ready ? the three diver look at each other . then nod . ready . a rise - one hundre meter away - where pikalov , shcherbina and legasov be watch . pikalov 's man OPEN the door . the three diver enter . int . ductway entrance - same 262 the silhouettes of the three man be stark against the white rectangle of light in the open . they step into the darkness ... and the door seal behind they with a low , echoey boom . they be seal in now . pitch black . then : a flicker of SPARKS float down from above , give we a glimpse of : a metal stairway down into the depth . another flicker . it 's steep . narrow . the layer of rustproofing be the color of dry blood . then : light . two torch beam cut through the air , relflecting in the swirl particle of smoke and dust . the three - stand at the top of the step . the light catch enough of the bottom for they to see : reflective water at the bottom - dark and deathly still . baranov hold out the dosimeter . point it down the stair . the needle wobbles to the right . no choice . it 's the only way . 263 264 61 . they head down the stair . int . the duct - moment later 263 light - ripple on the surface of water . the three - move through the duct . the water come up to they ankle here . the passageway - tight . low . a claustrophic maze of pipe and electrical cabling . they duck they head to go by . no sound but they breath ... and the occasional groaning of the building above they ... ananenko and bezpalov shine they torch on the seemingly hundred of interweave pipe run along the side of the wall and the ceiling . there 's tiny write on some of they . ananenko point to a pipe . " this one . " bezpalov nod . yes. follow it . int . deeper down - moment later 264 Light bob in the darkness as they round a bend , come toward we . the water be deeper now . up to they shin . as they pass a open to a side - tunnel , baranov point he dosimeter at it . the needle rock hard to the right . silently , he push the other two from behind . move faster . keep go . they follow the duct ... torch light shine on the pipe lining the side ... another turn ... they be go down now ... the water seem darker here ... and it 's rising . ananenko shine he torch toward the sound , and they see : water - seeping in from crack in the tunnel wall . it 's rise all around they now . come up to they knee . move faster . keep go . they breathe get heavier as they slosh through the rise water . ahead , a intersection . Three tunnel . the pipe be bend and crossing over each other . the man stop . can not find the one they need . which way ? 62 . baranov move the dosimeter toward the water spilling in . the needle rise . the more water ... the higher it go ... he turn back to ananenko and bezpalov - - and see they both moving there light over the three possible path to take , try to make sense of the maze of pipe ... the water rise the dosimeter rise and then ... ananenko's torch goe dead . they stop . turn to he . he hit it . but it 's dead . fry . then : benpalov' torch flicker . the three man stare at it . we can only see they eye through the goggle of they mask . that 's enough . terror . please . no . they only remain torch flicker again . bezpalov hit it . the light come back on . and then it go out . and we see nothing now . no wall . no floor . no direction . just the sound of three man lose in the rise water -- -- and they breathing ... grow faster and louder until it 's too much to bear , and : black end of episode two