CHERNOBYL episode 4 - " the happiness of all mankind " written by Craig mazin July 24 , 2018 copyright© 2018 Home box Office , Inc. all rights reserve no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , exhibited , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including on any website , without prior written consent of home BOX office , inc . this material be the property of home BOX office , inc . and be intended for and restricted to use by home BOX office , inc . only . distribution or disclosure of this material to unauthorized person be prohibited . 401 402 over black 401 the sound of liquid , intermittently spattering against metal . rhythmic . fade in to : ext . countryside - day 402 two wrinkle , age hand work the udder of a cow . milk spurt down into a old metal pail . man' voice ( 0.s. ) it 's time to go . reveal : a old woman , stocky , babushka , sit on a small wooden stool . she continue to milk the cow . her cloudy eye gaze straight ahead at she task . the job she have do a thousand time . the soldier , 27 , tall , strong , stubbly face , sweat in he uniform , stand a few foot behind she . they're in a weed - fill front yard . a dilapidate wooden fence , paint fade and peel , slump and weave around the small property . in the near background , a tiny home . log and concrete . a ripple tin roof . at least as old as its owner . the soldier wipe he brow . then wave a cloud of gnat away . frustrate . soldier do you hear I ? she keep milk . soldier this be a evacuation . you understand ? you have to come with I . she do not stop milk . but : old woman why ? soldier why ? because they tell I , so now I be tell you . everyone in this village . everyone . it 's not safe here . there 's radiation in the air . what 's wrong with you ? old woman do you know how old I be ? the soldier slump . hot. sweaty . this be miserable . soldier I do not know . Old . old woman I be 82 . I have live here my whole life . right here . that house . this place . what do I care about safe ? soldier I have a job . do not cause trouble . old woman trouble . tschh . you be not the first soldier to stand here with a gun . when I be 12 , the revolution come . oh , for god 's sake ... old woman czar 's man . then bolsheviks . boy like you march in line . they tell we to leave . no . then there be stalin , and he famine . the holodomor . my parent die . two of my sister die . they tell the rest of we to leave . no . the soldier soften a bit . do not want to be disrespectful . old woman then the great war. german boy . Russian boy . more soldier . more famine . more body . my brother never come home . but I stay . and I be still here . after all that I have see . so I should leave now -- because of something I can not see at all ? no . the pail be full . she stop milk . the soldier take a couple of step forward . reaches down gently to take the pail . she do not move to stop he . he lift it up , walk a few step , and then spill the milk out on to the ground -- -- where it splashes into a puddle right next to a similar puddle ... a dark - and - white milky spot on the ground . she do not turn to look at he . just wait . Fine . he walk back to she . hand she the pail . she take it , place it under the cow 's udder . a small sigh . and then she begin milk again . SOUND : a truck horn . the soldier turn and look out to the dirt road , where a military bus be waiting . yeah . he know . just a minute . the soldier look back at she . resolute now . all business . soldier please stand up now . she do not . nor do she speak . the only sound be the soft moo of the cow . the milk hit the bottom of the pail . the soldier put he hand on he holster . the old woman - hear the SNAP of a button as the soldier unholster he weapon . but she do not move . keeps milk . the soldier draw he makarov . Chambers a round . cha-chik soldier this be you last warning . she keep milk . the soldier purse he lip . sweat roll down from he forehead . then he take aim . close on the old woman - tired eye . ready . her hand keep milk . like they always have . all this year . all this -- gunshot she blink . the cow - topple to the ground with a heavy thud . milk still leak from its udder . the old woman just stare at it . White rivulet dribble out into the soil . then they stop . soldier ( 0.s. ) it 's time to go . cuT to title 403 404 405 406 end title , CUT to : omitted 403 ext . apartment complex courtyard - day 404 a bloc of identical apartment building . in the center courtyard , a small playground . some young mother stand together , smoking , watch they child play . score rise title : kiev , ukraine august , 1986 int . unfurnished flat - same 405 a empty apartment . lyudmilla enter the frame from behind . reverse to - c.u. lyudmilla - look at the empty space . this be where she will live now . this be she home . she look back at the build concierge , a woman in she 50' , who stand wait by the door . lyudmilla nod . yes . wider shot - lyudmilla stand in the empty space . we see that she belly have grow . about five month pregnant now . the concierge leave , and now lyudmilla be alone . her hand absent- mindedly go to she stomach . no . not alone . muffled voice ( 0.s . ) Point five . Point seven . Point five . ext . a OPEN field near a pond - morning 406 close on : a gas mask - cover face . it stare dead ahead . in the dark lense of the goggle , the distort reflection of man ... move slowly in a pack through early morning fog ... the survey team - thirty soldier , each wear plasticky green radiation suit , hood pull tight over they head . they mask make they look like strange , nightmarish bird . 407 408 they move in a fan - out formation hold radiometers in front of they , like astronaut explore a distant planet . the team leader - hold a map in he hand . he make notation as they call they number out . survey team Point three . Point seven . Point six . from off - camera : survey soldier ( 0.s. ) Fifteen . the soldier stop dead . all turn as one . the lack of expression on the mask face somehow make it worse . reveal : a soldier hold he radiometer out toward a tree . a child 's rusty bicycle lean against it . someone ride here to swim in the pond , and leave the bike behind because of a flat tire . the soldier turn back . repeat . survey soldier Fifteen . the team spring into action . half the soldier rush over to the hotspot . use they radiometer to find the perimeter . the other grab supplies from the truck . they work in perfect coordination to erect fencing around the hotspot . a final sign plant in the ground . a yellow triangle . cyrillic lettering . but we will not need a translation . the red radiation symbol on the sign be enough . the sound of approach helicopter blade , and the team leader look up , he mask face stare at the sky . score carry US through to : omitted 407 int . lyudmilla & vasily's pripyat apt . - continuous 408 where we first meet they ... the night of the explosion . the apartment be mostly as we see it then . lyudmilla 's cigarette in the ashtray , stubbed out a lifetime ago . 409 410 411 but there be plaster dust cover the table where she sit . and rat dropping . the calendar be freeze , and will forever be , on April 1986 . score carry US through to : int . HOTEL room - polissya 409 close on : legasov - by the window . lose in think . smoke . anxious . phone : ring , jarring legasov back to reality . he pick it up . legasov legasov. ( check he watch ) alright . I will be there to meet he . he stub he cigarette out in the ashtray , and : ext . reactor site / mobile office 410 a military car head down the long road toward -- driver be Pov - the approach CHERNOBYL power plant the car pull into the reactor site area and come to a stop . general tarakanov emerge . he stop to take it all in . a grim pause . then he stride toward the mobile office . int . mobile office 411 close on a black and white aerial photo of CHERNOBYL . the massive , gape wound in Building 4 . wreckage still cover the roof of the building . tarakanov sit at the table with legasov and shcherbina . just stare at the photo . then he flip to the next . and the next . image of utter destruction . legasov the atom be a humbling thing . tarakanov not humbling . ( drop the photo ) humiliate . why be the core still expose to the air ? why have not we already cover it ? legasov we want to . but we can not get close enough . the debris on the roof be graphite from the core itself . until we push it off the roof and back down into the reactor , it will kill anyone who go near it . as he speak , he pull photo to show tarakanov . legasov you can see the roof have three level . we have name the section -- that small one there be katya . about a thousand roentgen per hour . presume two hour of exposure be fatal . ( point again ) the one on the side -- Nina . two thousand roentgen . one hour , fatal . tarakanov shake he head . hard to believe such a thing could be true . rock . rubble . a building . tarakanov we use remote- control bulldozer in Afghanistan . maybe -- shcherbina too heavy . they would fall right through . tarakanov so then -- ? legasov Moon rover . tarakanov look at legasov . I be sorry , moon rover ? legasov lunokhod str - 1's . they be light , and if we line they with lead , they can withstand the radiation . shcherbina we could not put a man on the moon , at least we can keep a man off a roof . legasov that be the most important thing , General . under no circumstance can man go up there . robot only . taraknov look back at the photo . tarakanov what about this large section ? legasov and shcherbina fall silent . then : shcherbina masha . tarakanov pick up the tone in the older man 's voice . reverence . or be it dread ? legasov twelve thousand roentgen . if you stand there in full protective gear , head to toe - - you would receive a lifetime dose in ninety second . at two minute , you life expectancy be cut in half . by three minute -- you be dead within month . tarakanov look down at the photo of masha . graphite chunks enlarge in the photo as blurred , ominous shadow ... legasov even the lunar rover will not work on masha . that amount of gamma radiation penetrate everything . the particle literally shred the circuit in microchip apart . if it 's more complicated than a light switch , masha will destroy it . shcherbina I think it 's fair to say this piece of roof be the most dangerous place on the planet . tarakanov ( stunne ) so ... what do we do ? shcherbina that 's what we be go to ask you . 412 ext . reactor site - continuous 412 in the far distance , a small line of buse be barely visible , move toward we . 413 414 415 int . bus - continuous 413 Men . all men. 20 's and 30' . two in each seat . no expression . hard face . most have the look of man who have see war . except for : pavel , 23 , the thin boy we see at the end of the last episode . he sit in a window seat , nervous . crowd slightly by the huge man next to he . pavel' Pov - through the window , nothing but open country . and then , as the bus slow ... military vehicle . a checkpoint . two soldier in gas mask . as the soldier wave the bus through , pavel see a third soldier on he hand and knee , vomit on the ground . pavel quickly look away from the window . stare straight ahead . afraid . ext . liquidator camp - later 414 the bus be park in a field . the man stream out . pavel exit , clutching he conscript papers in he hand . ahead of he - tent . score of they . makeshift shelter , large enough to house eight man each . as pavel follow along with the other toward a check - in point , we see : cook - stir enormous vat of god-know - what over field stove . supply men unload crate from truck and stack they on the ground . each crate hold the same thing . vodka . hundred of crate . thousands of bottle . in the background , a row of man squatting over a trench latrine . other man throw garbage into a fire pit . ext . tent - later 415 pavel carry a pile of fold uniform clothing , two boot , and a cap . a small black and white piece of plastic - like a rectangular badge - be now clipped to he shirt . he 's check the number post on the tent . 101 ... 102 ... 416 10 . int . tent - moment later 416 pavel push through the flap and enter the small tent . Inside , we see it 's the kind you would set up on a battlefield for temporary quarter . in fact , the exact kind . except for the empty vodka bottle scattered around . most of the cot be empty , but messy , as if they occupant have already leave to do they job . but there be one man ... sit on he cot , clean a rifle . this be garo , 30 , armenian , thin . the same plastic badge clipped to he shirt . garo turn to pavel , and we see : he right eye be clouded over . Dead . a small scar wind around the socket . pavel I be send here ? tent 103 ? another man , face down on a cot , groan . turn over , wake up . disorient . as he sit up , a empty bottle roll off he cot , and hit the ground with a dull thunk . this be bacho , 36 . tall , muscular . pant but no shirt . his entire body -- he posture , he build , the way he jut he head -- appear to be design to commit violence . he squint at pavel through bleary eye . bacho New ? pavel yes . bacho rise ... all 6 ' 1 " of he . pick up a nearly - finish vodka bottle and a metal cup . walk with a slight sway to pavel . offer the bottle . bacho it 's okay . it 's free . pavel it 's a little early . bacho shrug . yes , that 's true . he hold out he hand . pavel shake with he , wince a bit as the big man squeeze he hand . bacho bacho . pavel pavel . 417 garo nod . 11 . bacho pick up a shirt . also a plastic badge on it . he put it on while he talk . bacho so what unit be you in ? pavel they have I in the motor pool in Kiev , but -- bacho no no , not this bullshit . Afghanistan . what unit ? pavel I be not in Afghanistan . I be not in the military . bacho take that in . wooooow . he turn to garo . bacho they be run out of man . yup . bacho wipe he nose . then slap he own cheek with he take a huge breath . shake the cobweb out . then clap pavel on the arm . hard enough to leave a bruise . bacho alright . let 's go . bacho exit the tent . pavel just stand there . then see garo stare grimly at he with he one good eye . ext . tent - moment later 417 pavel rush to catch up with bacho , who start point thing out to he as they go . bacho shower . food . that guy over there ? they dig up the ground . that guy , they cut down tree . that guy I think evacuate people , you know ? like villager ? pavel gesture toward a different group of man . pavel what about they ? 12 . bacho I do not know they . fuck they . ( see , yell ) janek , you latvian whore ! janek , 25 , pick through a pile of STUFF ... boot , cap , tin cup , pot , pan . he look up and see bacho walk at he with purpose . shit . that 's not good . janek I be not latvian , I be estonian . bacho well guess what , no one give a shit . give I a egg basket . janek I only have one , I promise it to -- bacho jut he face toward janek . fist cocked . bacho give I the fuck basket . janek okay , okay ...! janek pull a curve piece of flat gray metal from the pile . it have four small hole punch into it , with shoelace run through they . like ... a metal loincloth ? bacho snatch it out of janek 's hand . then make a motion to smash janek in the head with it . janek flinch back . then bacho point to pavel . eye still glaring at janek . bacho he 's with I , you understand ? nobody mess with he . janek raise he hand up ... do not want trouble . bacho , still scowling , give a satisfied grunt . then he turn to pavel -- instantly calm again -- and hand he the bent metal . bacho we make this from lead scrap . put it on under you ball . his ball ? pavel look at the metal . then realize that bacho be stare at he . as in ... wait . pavel now ? 13 . bacho no , you should wait until the radiation give you a cunt . yes now . pavel look around . okay . he drop he trousers . bacho over you clothes . Holy shit . embarrass , pavel pull he trousers back up . while he put he egg basket on , bacho continue to smoke . and talk . bacho you ever go hunt ? pavel no . bacho well , today 's you lucky day . you , I , that one - eye armenian in the tent ? garo ? we do animal control . pavel Animal control ? bacho make a gun gesture with he hand . bacho they be radioactive , so that 's that with they . and the best part ? it 's mostly pet . they be happy to see you , they run right up to you ! bang ! load the body on a truck , dump they in a pit , bury they in concrete ... and then we drink . pavel finish tie the egg basket on . bacho as much vodka as you want , plus a thousand ruble . it 's almost worth it , you know ? without warning , he slap he hand hard against pavel 's crotch . right in the egg basket . pavel flinch in pain . bacho good . let 's go get you a gun . bacho stride off , and once again , pavel follow . 418 419 420 421 14 . ext . moscow university library - day 418 the forebode building , with its jutting central tower cover in bone - white tile , look more like a prison fortress than a repository of knowledge . int . security check - in - continuous 419 khomyuk wait by a check - in desk in front of a security gate . a security officer - male , 30' , have she credential in front of he on he desk . he painstakingly record she information into a logbook . no sound but the scratch of he pen , a tunk - tunk - tunk of a unseen clock , and the hum of overhead light . finally , he hand she credential back , then hit a button . there 's a buzz , and the security gate click open . int . library archive - later 420 a large , two - level read room . Long wooden table run the length of it . khomyuk sit alone at the end of one of the table . stack of book . journal . maps. notepad . and a thick binder with page after page of a dot matrix printout ... a infodump from a computer , no doubt . we catch bit of she work as she progress . Mathematical calculation . notation refer to time of day . marked - up diagram of a nuclear reactor . photograph of control room instrumentation ... panel schematics ... she circle a3 - 5 ( az - 5 in cyrillic ) on a schematic . leans back . thinks . then check one of she book . no. what she 's look for will not be in there . she tear a blank page from she notepad and start write . int . library archive - reference desk - later 421 a elderly male librarian sit behind a open window ... a bit like a bank teller . behind he , a few desk and wall of card catalog . the secure reference section . he look up from he work . see khomyuk wait . librarian yes ? 422 15 . she hand he the piece of note paper through the window . khomyuk I need to see the follow document . they be list as permission only . he take the paper ... and then a letter she hand he . khomyuk I be work for the Central Committee . he put on he glass . but before he can even read the letter , a man in a suit , 40 come into view behind he . the kgb agent take the list from the old man , who meekly look down without protest . he walk back to a desk . pick up a phone . dial . while he mutter to someone on the phone , khomyuk wait quietly . the old librarian still keep he eye down . do not want to know she . do not want trouble . the agent - have a black pencil in he hand . whoever he 's call be give he instruction . he swipe the pencil across she list . once ... twice ... three time ... khomyuk hold she anger in . the agent finally hang up . walk back to the librarian . put the piece of paper down . every single request have be crossed out except for one . agent she can have that one . the agent lift he head to stare at khomyuk . a challenge for she to argue . but all he get back be : khomyuk thank you , comrade . he give a little smile . oh well . perhaps next time . ext . farmland - day 422 over score ... no other sound ... slo-mo ... dreamlike ... bird be eye view - a enormous , wide - open cabbage field . neat rows of vegetable . then : three bulldozer - enter frame , move in a line , perfect unison , destroy the harvest in row just as neat . 423 424 425 426 427 428 16 . ext . village - day 423 score / slo -mo continue : three chopper glide like mosquito over a small , abandon village , each dump four even stream of brown decontaminant , which land on everything like paint . ext . pripyat STREET - day 424 score /slo -mo continue pump truck roll down the main street , each spraying a arc of brown foam decontaminant to the side . men in protective suit - hood draw tight , face cover in gas mask , walk in front of the procession of truck , spraying the road in a wave motion with handheld - nozzle connect to tank strapped to they back . it almost seem celebratory . some kind of sick parade ... fade to black omitted 425 omitted 426 a dark blob against blue - out of focus - resolves to : 427 ext . roof - katya - day 428 a chunk of graphite . scatter beyond it , more of the same . the bit of rock sit on the scorched pitch - cover roof give the impression of a alien surface . and add to that eerie sense ... in the b.g. , we see a four - wheeled vehicle - like a retrofuturistic go -cart , sit on the roof . the lunar rover . it 's about eight foot long . steel piping . cameras mount on articulate arm . the tire be paper thin , with barely - there hub make of needle - like spoke . a bulldozer arm and blade have be weld onto its front . 429 17 . int . remote command CENTER - continuous 429 a small , undamage room under the roof . operator sit at a small table . Control equipment and small , square television monitor be stack . and a computer . on the wall , photo of the roof . a boxy control module sit on the desk . cable run in and out . two switch . two row of light . the light be all currently red . legasov and shcherbina watch , nervous , as tarakanov wait with a walkie-talkie by he ear . then : walkie -talkie we be clear . tarakanov take a breath . then to he operator : tarakanov bring up the camera . the lead operator , jughashvili , hit the first switch on the control module . three red light - turn GREEN . the other three remain red . the monitor - flicker to life . different image of the roof from the rover 's camera . and one remote site camera show the lunar rover itself . tarakanov signal ? jughashvili acceptable . running onboard diagnostics . tarakanov tell I when we can start move it . shcherbina move in closer to stare at the montior . shcherbina to think that 's what they put on the moon ... legasov well , not that one . shcherbina ( glare ) I know not that one . 18 . legasov shrug . sorry . tarakanov this rover be in storage , and I be tell they can build two more . that should cover katya and Nina . shcherbina and masha ? tarakanov the Central Committee have inform I they have find something that can work up there . from the outside . legasov american ? tarakanov of course not . no , it 's a german police robot . West german , though . you can imagine that be not easy . jughashvili diagnostics complete , ready to engage main power and motor . legasov and shcherbina get ready . if this do not work ... tarakanov begin . the operator turn the second switch on the control module . nothing . the light stay red . everyone be dead quiet . then : tarakanov again . the operator go back to the switch . off . then on . still nothing . Red light . the monitor continue to show the rover 's view of the roof . slightly askew . the graphite chunks . the bit of fuel assembly . all at rest . tarakanov again . like a doctor refuse to acknowledge a patient be dead . once more , the operator switch the power off . then on . and again , nothing . Red light . then ... in rapid succession ... 430 19 . GREEN . tarakanov ( my god ) can you move it ? the operator grab hold of he remote , and begin push the small joystick . on the monitor - a lag , then ... it move . the operator react . breathe . laugh . on the screen , the rover be move along , start to push debris . do exactly what they have hope . shcherbina make a fist in the air . triumph . then see ... shcherbina valery ? be that ...? be that a smile ? legasov sheepishly wave he off . but yes . a smile . the first one we have see on he face . shcherbina put he arm around legasov . hug he close , laugh . yes. yes ! hope . int . hospital room - day 430 dyatlov sit in a chair . smoke . look out the window . his hair appear to have come back a bit . a bit of moustache , though it be not what it be . the lesion have fade . but he do not look healthy . at all . behind he , a knock on the door . he do not answer . we hear the door open , and : khomyuk ( 0.s. ) I see you condition have improve . dyatlov turn . see she there , back in she protective clothing . in she hand , a small manila folder . he wave she away in contempt . dyatlov no. leave . khomyuk I need you help . 20 . dyatlov raise he arm slightly to the side to show she all of the iv tube run in and out of he . how be he suppose to help anyone ? but : khomyuk akimov initiate az - 5 . when you give he the order , be -- dyatlov order ? what order ? toptunov call it out , akimov press it . that be the only good decision they make . incompetent moron . khomyuk ( ignore that ) can you confirm the reactor explode after they attempt to shut it down ? he give she a strange smile . dyatlov how do I even know it explode ? hmm ? out of patience , she open she folder , pull out a photo , and slap it down in front of he . it 's a aerial view of the exploded reactor . and for a moment , dyatlov be shake . he push it away . already do whatever mental gymnastics be require to forget what he just see . but khomyuk know he will not forget it . she take the photo back , and hand he a journal article from she folder . khomyuk I pull this from the state archive , write in 1976 . it 's about the operation of rbmk reactor under extreme condition . dyatlov barely look at it . dyatlov so ? khomyuk the name of the author have be redact . and two page have be remove . 21 . dyatlov hesitates . a old , habitual paranoia rise . be she testing he ? dyatlov the State must protect its secret , comrade khomyuk . do you dare suggest otherwise ? khomyuk ( quieter ) they make a mistake . they do not redact the table of content . he slowly flip to the first page . see it . khomyuk the miss page apparently refer to a positive void coefficient and az - 5 . do that mean anything to you ? dyatlov ( suspicious ) what be you after here ? why be you ask I this ? khomyuk you work with this reactor . you know it better than I do -- dyatlov so everything 's my fault then ? be that what this be ? khomyuk ( snap ) I be not here to blame you . I be here to find out what happen . and whether you realize it or not , I be the best chance you have to avoid a bullet . can you help I or not ? dyatlov stare at she . then flip through the article to the miss section . scan around it briefly . then , honestly : dyatlov I have no idea what would have go here . void coefficient have nothing to do with az - 5 . he toss the article at she . dismissive . dyatlov there . now you can go . 22 . she pick the article up from the floor . then : khomyuk ( disgust ) you be not even curious . dyatlov what for ? you think the right question will get you the truth ? there be no truth . ask the boss whatever you want . he stub out he cigarette . dyatlov you will get the lie . ( beat ) and I will get the bullet . 431 int . truck - day 431 a stakebe truck . bacho drive . garo sit next to the other window . pavel be squeeze in between . bacho be peer at a map he have on the dashboard . it keep fall . Son of a bitch . he grab it , then reach across pavel to garo , who hand he a bottle of vodka . bacho drink and drive . grab the map again . drink again . the truck jostle on the uneven road . bacho Fucking thing . pavel be nervous . bacho offer he the bottle . pavel no . thank you . bacho what , be you afraid we be go to run out ? trust I , we will not . it 's the one thing we always have . in Afghanistan , when we need gun , they send vodka . we need penicillin ? they send vodka . boot , morphine , fuel ? never the right thing . never enough . except the vodka . so you might as well drink . bacho turn to pavel . not look at the road at all . garo shrug . 23. bacho I be not ask . I be tell . because of the radiation . it protect you . ( catch the map ) where the fuck be we ? garo ? take the vodka bottle . pavel do they tell you how much there be ? bacho how much what there be ? pavel Radiation . bacho laugh . and garo start to chuckle along with he . pavel be not sure what that mean . pavel I see a man throw up . on the side of the road . bacho yeah , that happen . pavel touch the white - and -black badge on he shirt . the one they all wear . pavel but we have this . to measure . so they know . ( no response ) the radiation we get . bacho that 's right . they check they every day . you be allow to get a total of 24 roentgen . if you hit 24 , you get to go home . and if you go over 24 , you commanding officer get arrest for negligence . maybe even shot . do that make you feel better ? pavel yes. ( beat ) how much do you have ? bacho I ? they tell I I have 23 roentgen . go ahead , ask garo how much he have . 432 433 24 . before pavel can ask or garo can answer -- bacho he have 23 . we all have 23 . and we will never have more than 23 . you understand now ? pavel fall silent . yes . he do understand . bacho point ahead . bacho ay ! there it be . fuck this map . I tell you I know where I be . ext . countryside village - continuous 432 the truck rumble toward a SMALL village - a few dozen building ... one main street ... all quiet . no one leave . ext . countryside village - moment later 433 the truck squeal to a stop . the three man get out , and walk around to the back of the truck . bacho pull the back of the stakebe down , and open a large metal BOX . it 's full of bullet . hundred ? thousands ? they be bound in cluster of five round each , hold together by thin steel stripper clip . bacho fork over a fistful of bullet to pavel . garo take three mosin-nagant rifle from the back of the truck . bacho load he rifle , then see pavel struggle . wow . bacho grab the gun from pavel . show he how to insert the stripper clip . bullet go in , empty clip come out . slide the bolt to chamber . bacho get it ? okay . now listen . I only have two rule . one , do not point this gun at I . that 's easy , right ? ( gesture to garo ) Point it at this piece of shit , I do not give a fuck . never I . two , if you hit a animal and they do not die , you keep shoot until they do . ( get in pavel 's face ) do not let they suffer -- or I will kill you . understand ? I mean it . I have kill a lot of people . 434 25 . pavel glance at garo , who give a tiny nod . it 's true . bacho have kill a lot of people . pavel look back at bacho . yes . understood . bacho ( friendly pat ) then we be ready . ext . village - MAIN STREET - moment later 434 eerily quiet . a few car be where they owner leave they . some clothing hang on a line , sway in the breeze . the three men walk down the street . rifles at the ready . bacho turn to pavel . bacho watch . bacho give a whistle . the kind you might give to a dog . and sure enough ... there 's a bark . and another . and now , tentatively emerge from alley and empty building ... dog . and cat . hungry . but clearly domesticate . tail wag . hopeful eye . bacho turn to pavel . bacho when we start , they will run where they feel safe . always inside . so we go door to door , okay ? okay . and without warning , bacho raise he rifle and fire . we hear a yelp , and he fire again . we do not see it . we just hear barking and howling as bacho and garo keep walk , right out of frame , firing . gunshot . slide bolt . shell hit the ground . gunshot . pavel - stand in horror , blink every time a gunshot rip through the air . he have not even raise he rifle . pavel be Pov - bacho turn back to he . in the b.g. , we see some scattered corpse of dog . bacho hey ! pavel snap out of it . 435 26 . bacho ( point to a alley ) door to door . do you job . pavel nod , frighten , and move toward the alley . ext . alley - continuous 435 pavel walk slowly down the alley . force himself to breathe . try not to throw up . a shepherd mutt lift its head from a pile of rubbish . sniff the air . even in the bedlam , desperate to be feed . pavel stop . raise he rifle . shaky hand . finger on the trigger . but ... can not . lower the gun . then : the dog turn to he . and bare its teeth . pavel back up . the dog stalk forward . starvation and time have turn it feral . the dog growl , protect its rubbish pile , and what little food be in it . snap and bark . pavel wave he rifle at it , as if the animal might understand . pavel go ! the dog keep advance . faster . pavel keep back up . pavel get away . the dog bark ... charge , and : close on pavel - panicked - he shoot ... we hear but do not see - the dog yelp in pain and thud to the ground . and now the sound of rapid , wheeze breath . we stay on pavel , who move closer to where the dog fall . shock on he face . at what he do . agonize second tick by . a scared man . the sound of a die animal . heavy breathe . pain . and then : boom . a bit of blood spatter up into pavel 's face . no more sound from the dog . bacho - stand there . angrily eject the shell from he rifle , chamber another one , and then get in pavel 's face . nose to nose . Dead serious . 436 27 . bacho do not let they suffer . pavel I be sorry . bacho glare into pavel 's face -- then point down . bacho you be drag that on the truck . bacho march off , and pavel stand there , stare down in shock at the dead dog . in the background , steady gunfire . ext . village square - later 436 thunk . a vodka bottle be slam down on a table . now wedge of cheese . salami . a loaf of bread . bacho and garo sit at a table outside a abandon cafe . they use they knife to cut the loaf , stab at the meat and cheese . Big mouthful . deep swig of vodka . bacho look over at pavel - who sit apart . shellshock . bacho ( mouth full ) you go to eat or what ? pavel stare at the street . streak of blood and track in the dirt where the animal die ... and be drag away . bacho hey . pavel shake he head . no. bacho shrug . take pavel 's food , add it to he pile . then realize ... pavel be wiping at he eye . Fighting off tear . ah , shit . bacho and garo share a glance . garo nod at he . " do something . " so bacho pour vodka into pavel 's cup , who shake he head no . bacho ( gentle , but firm ) drink. ( he do ) again . pavel take another swig . 28 . bacho look ... this happen to everyone they first time . normally when they kill a man , but for you -- a dog . eh , so what ? there 's no shame in it . this be not go well . pavel take another drink . want to get numb . bacho try again . bacho garo , you remember you first time ? as per usual , he do not wait for a answer . bacho my first time -- Afghanistan - - we be move through a house -- a man be suddenly there -- and I shot he in the stomach . that 's a real war story . they be never good storey , like in movie . they be shit . man be there , boom , stomach . ( what can you do ? ) I be so scared , I do not pull the trigger again for the rest of the day . I think , well -- that 's it , bacho . you put a bullet in someone . you be not you anymore . you will never be you again . but then you wake up the next morning , and ... you be still you . and you realize -- that be you all along . you just do not know . a long pause . then : garo the happiness of all mankind . the first word we have hear he speak . bacho what ? garo point across the street at : a propaganda banner - sling between two building over the main street . a picture of lenin on one side , and a proud Soviet worker on the other . and in between , cyrillic lettering . 437 438 439 29 . garo " we goal be the happiness of all mankind . " the three man stare at the absurd sign hang over the blood-stain street in a dead town . then bacho get up . oddly chipper . no crack in he dam . bacho I be happy . I be happy every day . he grab he gun . then : bacho back to work . bacho march off . pavel look at he rifle . then pick it up . vodka in he vein . take a breath . yes . back to work . he get up , and follow . ext . reactor roof - " katya " - day 437 seemingly empty , but for the debris . less , though , than we see before . and then : a lunar rover enter frame , pushing debris along with its small bulldozer blade ... move toward the edge ... ext . looking up at the edge - continuous 438 we be twenty foot below the roofline here , point straight up at the edge of katya . the rover slowly appear , and push graphite off the edge . it cascade down toward we ... ext . the reactor - midair - continuous 439 wide - from this distance , we can see it all . the tiny rover . the fall graphite . the debris plummet from the roof and down into the gaping crater where the reactor use to be . then we swing around slowly to find the larger section of roof . masha - the deadly place on Earth . still cover in debris . still untouched . 440 441 30 . still wait . title : september , 1986 int . remote command CENTER - day 440 multiple rover camera pove be visible on the monitor . jughashvili and the other operator drive they with they joystick . there be more computer now . more control module . all of the light be green . shcherbina watch they work . behind he , legasov sketches cleanup path on the photo of the roof . they turn in unison tarakanov enter . tarakanov it 's here . ext . reactor site - moment later 441 truck door OPEN legasov and shcherbina watch as tarakanov organize the offload of the truck 's sole cargo . tarakanov careful now . slow. slow . that 's it . Soldiers gingerly offload a orange , high - tech robotic vehicle with tank tread . it 's far more muscular than the flimsy lunar rover . tarakanov ( proudly ) joker . legasov and shcherbina turn to tarakanov . what now ? tarakanov that 's what the Germans name it . " joker . " 442 443 444 31 . shcherbina ( heavy sigh ) Germans . ( beat ) be it ready ? tarakanov it 's ready . shcherbina look at legasov . legasov nod . shcherbina so. let 's introduce joker to masha . omitted 442 ext . masha - later 443 close to the roof surface - black chunks of graphite . one of the piece have the tell - tale smooth semicircle in it ... the channel for a fuel rod ... the wind pick up ... granular bit of deadly graphite swirl , and - joker land softly on the rubble . the cable coupling detach , and the helicopter quickly swerve away from the deadly roof . joker sit there . impressive . armore . strong . this be clearly a superior vehicle . a match for masha . int . remote command CENTER - continuous 444 legasov , shcherbina and tarakanov stand behind the operator . nervous anticipation . jughashvili good signal . tarakanov cameras . jughashvili hit a switch on the control module . a GREEN light immediately come on . on the monitor - view from joker 's camera . legasov and shcherbina watch intently . so far , so good . 32 . tarakanov Motors . jughashvili hit more switch on the control module . the light go GREEN in succession . joker be the real deal . jughashvili motor good , signal good . tarakanov all right . let 's start easy . forward one metre , reverse one metre . the operator push a joystick . legasov and shcherbina stare at the monitor . unblink . please . on the monitor - the image shift ... as joker move . jughashvili forward one . the man in the room be all smile . shcherbina ( nudge legasov ) Germans ! jughashvili reverse one . he pull back on the joystick , and on the monitor , we can tell joker be faithfully move backwards . then : the monitor lose signal . static . control module - the GREEN light start to turn red ... one , two , three .... then all of they . Dead silence in the room . no one breathes . then : tarakanov do you lose the signal ? the operator be flipping switch . check the remote transmitter box . sweating . jughashvili it 's not the signal . it 's the vehicle . he turn back to tarakanov . pale . at a total loss . 445 33. jughashvili it 's dead . they all stand there in shock . all but for shcherbina . we push in on he - see the rage building inside ... cur to : int . / ext . mobile office - later 445 legasov and tarakanov . wincing at the sound of furniture smashing and glass breaking . reveal - they be in front of the mobile command trailer . it 's rocking from within . and now we hear shcherbina 's muffle voice , scream . intercut between - interior and exterior of mobile office shcherbina ( 0.s. ) good ! good , I want they to hear ! do you know what we're do ? the men we're burning ? burning !!! the sound of something toppling . then a stomping noise . legasov light he cigarette . he look over and see : a soldier , stand nearby . frightened at the noise and anger come from inside that trailer . shcherbina ( 0.s. ) you think I care ? i'm a dead man ! tell ryzhkov ! tell ligachev ! tell gorbachev ! tell they ! tell -- then the sound of plastic be batter ... the sad clinking of a damage bell ... and ... wham . the trailer door get kicked OPEN , and shcherbina emerge , red-face . he hurl the smashed remnant of a telephone into the air ... the cord trail behind it ... send it clatter to the ground in piece . legasov and tarakanov wait quietly for shcherbina to catch he breath . it take some time . then : 446 34 . shcherbina the official position of the State be that a global nuclear catastrophe be not possible in the Soviet Union . ( beat ) they tell the international community the high detect level of radiation be 2,000 roentgen . legasov be stunne . oh god . no. shcherbina they give the propaganda number to the Germans . the robot be never go to work . tarakanov close he eye . hang he head . the three man stand there , deject . lose . then shcherbina , now drain of all he fight , turn to the nearby soldier . shcherbina we need a new phone . int . base camp tent - night 446 close on : two glass . vodka pour into each . shcherbina hand a weary tarakanov one glass . take the other for himself . a heavy rain batter the tent from outside . Water occasionally drip in through faulty seam . shcherbina ( drink , then ) what if we do not clear it ? legasov ( 0.s. ) we have to clear it . legasov sit off to the side . scribble notation on a pad . never look up . keeps scribbling as he talk . legasov if we do not clear the roof , we can not build a cover over it . if we can not build a cover , that 's 12,000 roentgen . nearly twice the radiation from the bomb in Hiroshima , every hour , hour after -- 35 . shcherbina ( wave he off ) yes , okay , I remember . ( back to tarakanov ) what about lead ? we could -- I do not know . we could melt it down , then pour it from above , like a coating . tarakanov first of all , we have already use most of the lead we have -- shcherbina there 's lead sheet around instrument in the other reactor building . the soldier be stripping it to make they armor . tarakanov be you serious ? yes . shcherbina be serious . tarakanov shake he head . embarrassing . but back to the bigger issue : tarakanov even if , you be still talk about boil metal in a helicopter - - and it 's lead , boris . it will weigh a ton ... shcherbina put he hand up . all right . it be stupid . tarakanov what if we shoot the graphite into the hole ? shcherbina look up from he drink . Excuse I ? tarakanov we have heavy caliber bullet -- explode bullet , so they will not just ricochet ... they push ... shcherbina you want to shoot explode bullet at a expose nuclear reactor ? tarakanov ( sheepish ) well -- 447 36 . shcherbina no , let 's go light the roof back on fire . it be so easy to put out the first time . ( frustrated ) what be we even talk about ? we need another robot . something that can withstand the radiation . tarakanov I have ask . there 's nothing . shcherbina the Americans -- tarakanov if the Americans have that kind of technology , do you really think they would give it to we ? and even if they would -- the Central Committee will never stoop to ask . you know it , and I know it . ( beat ) there be no robot . legasov ( 0.s. ) biorobots . shcherbina and tarakanov turn to legasov . he 's be so quiet , they almost forget he be there . shcherbina what be that ? legasov remove he glass . stare down at the calculation on he notepad . utterly defeat . legasov we use biorobot . he finally turn to look at they . grim . legasov Men . and so , the unthinkable have finally be say . ext . another tiny village - another day 447 a cold , gray day . we be in a dead field . plow earth . the everpresent radiation sign stick in the ground where scarecrow might have once go . 448 449 37 . in the distance - a small farming village . barely a dozen tiny home . gunshot echo in the air . ext . tiny village - STREET 448 pavel - walk slowly . dispassionately . shoot . aim. trigger . fire. bolt . shell. bolt. aim. trigger . Fire . it 's only be a month , but he look older somehow . a bit thin . sleepless eye . a numbness . reveal - bacho and garo walk along side he . aiming . firing . the sound of bark . yelping . running . at last , they stop . Animal corpse be scattered along the street in front of they . bacho a lot today . more than I think . pavel ( look around ) where be they get food ? bacho point between two house , where a large , ramshackle wooden chicken coop sit . Dark stain near the open . bacho they eat the chicken . ( load more bullet ) then they eat each other . he toss the stripper clip aside . Chambers a round . bacho check the house . int . farmhouse - moment later 449 the barest light stream in through thin drape . we be look down a narrow hallway toward the front door . uneven wooden floor . cement block wall paint in pastel , and stain with rust from the rain that 's leak through the tin roof . almost no furniture . utter poverty . the door open . lock be either not need or not available in a place like this . 450 38 . pavel enter slowly , eye adjust to the light . a door to he right . he quietly push it open , wince at the squeak of the neglect hinge . peer in . nothing . he move down the hall , keep he footstep light . eye peel for any movement . then he hear ... a weird little chirpy noise . a bird maybe ? he move slowly down the hall ... int . farmhouse kitchen - continuous 450 low angle - a cramped kitchen . basin with no tap . rickety shelf nail to the wall . torn-open package of food , break jar , a spill bag of flour on the floor ... and that weird little chirpy noise again . louder here . and a soft breathing . pavel - push slowly through the swinging door to the kitchen . he look down . to the right . to the leave . and stop . oh god . pavel be Pov - on the floor , amidst the garbage ... a poodle mutt bitch lie on the ground , panting softly and sit with she litter of six puppies ... just a few month old . bacho ( 0.s. ) ( yell from outside ) pavel ? pavel look dumbstruck at the poodle and she puppy . the bitch stare back at he . helpless . bacho ( 0.s. ) pavel ? we hear footstep from outside , and behind pavel , we see bacho enter the kitchen from the back door . bacho ( so there he be ) you do not hear I ? pavel do not respond . or turn around . bacho march over , already enraged . bacho hey . I be talk to -- 451 452 453 39 . now bacho see the poodle and she litter . he slump . bacho ah fuck . pavel finally turn to he . it 's clear from he face that this be too much . he can not . he can not do it . bacho nod before pavel have to say it . bacho just go outside . ( beat ) go . pavel want to stop this . but he can not . this be they job . ext . back of farmhouse - continuous 451 pavel emerge . walk five step and : gunshot . he stop . another gunshot . another. another . another . a pause . pavel take a small canteen from he belt . unscrew the cap . take a drink . wince . it 's not water . gunshot . pavel steel himself . canteen back to he mouth . gunshot . pavel keep drink . int . truck - later 452 Pov - through the truck's windshield as it approach : the burial pit - a large hole in the middle of a field , maybe twenty foot wide and six foot deep . Three man stand wait with shovel . a fourth man be climb up out of the pit . they have just finish . behind they , back up to the edge of the pit , be a cement truck . on bacho - with pavel and garo next to he as always . he slow the truck and turn the wheel ... ext . burial pit - later 453 the stakebed have be tilted up on its arm , and the last of the corpse drop down into the pit . 454 455 456 457 40 . garo and pavel stand aside from the pit . not look in . they have see it enough time . bacho - have he hand on the lever control the arm . he wait for the last of the corpse to fall , then signal to the man across the pit . the cement truck operator begin the flow of cement into the pit . it slop down , and we watch as it begin to flow over the corpse like a blanket . slow fade out : omitted omitted omitted int . / ext . reactor site - the passing of day - montage score - a steady pulse . adrenaline . title : october , 1986 - military truck pull up - soldier hop out the back . double-time . no smile . no chatter . grim business . tarakanov ( 0.s. ) comrade soldier . - soldier grab gear from a pile . dingy mustard - yellow boiler suit . rubber boot . rubber apron . rubber mitten . tarakanov ( 0.s . ) the Soviet people have have enough of this accident . they want we to clean it up , and we be entrust you with this serious task . - soldier suit up . cowl pull down over they head . boot and glove . goggle . respirator . face disappear . - bottom of the stair - reactor build 3 - briefing area - soldier in full gear be gather around tarakanov . he pace as he address they . 454 455 456 457 41 . tarakanov because of the nature of the work area , you will each have no more than ninety second to solve this problem . - soldier help each other don handcrafted lead apron , crudely hammer sheet of dark metal . - briefing area - tarakanov , different day , unshaven , talk to different soldier . tarakanov if you follow instruction and perform you work correctly , you will be fine . there 's nothing terrible up there . but safety be we first priority . - boot clomp up the metal stair that lead to the roof . tarakanov ( 0.s. ) you will enter reactor Building 3 . - the soldier - cover head to toe , face obscure behind mask , move slowly up the narrow stairway , they way light by work light strung along the low ceiling . tarakanov ( 0.s. ) climb the stair , but do not immediately proceed to the roof . - briefing area - new soldier listen to tarakanov 's speech . his voice be hoarse . he 's do this hundred of time now . tarakanov when you get to the top , wait inside behind the entrance to the roof and catch you breath . you will need it for what come next . he point at photo of the roof that be pin to the wall . tarakanov this be the work area . we have to clear the graphite . some of it be in block weigh approximately 40 to 50 kilogram each . it must all be throw over the side here . - top of the stair - a dark landing . Soldiers , all weigh down by they lead apron , catch they breath from the long climb . beyond they - look down a narrow corridor ... a open . a rectangle of bright light . wait . 458 42 . - briefing area - different day , new soldier . tarakanov deliver he speech . point to a black -and -white television , on which play footage of prior soldier . tarakanov here . watch you comrade move fast from this open -- - top of the stair - a mask soldier stare ahead at the bright rectangle of light . like a portal to another world . - briefing area tarakanov -- then turn to the leave and enter the work area here . - top of the stair - four soldier walk slowly toward the rectangle of light , shovel in they hand . tarakanov ( 0.s . ) take care not to stumble . there be a hole in the roof . take care not to fall . if any part of you skin be expose , exit the work area at once . - briefing area - new day , new soldier . tarakanov finish he litany . tarakanov do you understand you mission as I have describe it ? soldier ( unison ) yes , comrade General . tarakanov this be the most important ninety second of you life . commit you task to memory . then do you job . int . top of stair - near entrance to masha - day 458 four soldier be silhouett against the bright light of the open that lead out to masha . shovel in hand . a radiological soldier strap dosimeter to they waist . we can already hear steady clicking . but he show no worry . we can not see the face of the man . but we sense they fear . the site officer - hold a stopwatch . 459 43. site officer it 's time to go . after ninety second , I will ring a bell . when you hear it , return immediately . Drop you shovel in that bin , and proceed down the hallway for decontamination . ( beat ) above all -- while you be on the roof , you will throw the debris over the rail . you will not look over the rail . be that clear ? they nod . site officer ( check he stopwatch ) very well . on my mark . ready . go. ext . masha - now 459 begin uninterrupted tracking shot the follow unfold in real time . the shift will last ninety second . we will be with they for all ninety second . the man scramble out on to the roof , move as quickly as they can . one lose he footing on a piece of graphite . catch he balance . keeps go . the dosimeter - will serve as we score . the click increase in frequency and pitch . it sound like heavy rain on a tin roof now . a soldier plunge he shovel into a pile of broken graphite rubble . lift it . heavier than it look . he carry he load toward the railing ... he breathe loud in we ear ... the dosimeter volume jump in fit and start ... now a constant , heavy static noise ... we move away from he and find another soldier try to lift a large graphite block with he shovel . too heavy . a second soldier run over and join in . they lift the block in tandem , and as soon as it rise : the dosimeter spike in volume . they have uncover a piece of fuel rod . the terrifying cacophony of a million neutron fire against they body . they do not stop . they waddle in unison toward the railing just as the first soldier hurl he graphite over the edge . 44 , we move to find : the FOURTH soldier ... strike a harden patch of bitumen and graphite with the blade of he shovel . it refuse to give way . he leans he body against the shovel , push , and then lose he grip on the shovel handle . it clatter to the surface of the roof . he quickly pick it back up . breathe hard . fear. another soldier appear . help . you be okay . keep go . they both hammer away at the solidify black tar with they shovel until it finally peel up . the fourth soldier lift it with he shovel . we lead he as he run to the railing , he boot crunching on graphite . he get to the edge and throws the shovel - load over the railing , then slip ... ... and catch himself on the railing . nearly go over . and in that split-second , he look down into : the OPEN reactor pit . dosimeter : a tornado of sound . deafen . distorted . he back off , and now another sound . distant under the roar of the dosimeter , but grow . louder now . the bell. clang ... clang ... clang ... it 's over . get back . the soldier turn , but : he boot be caught between two piece of rebar in concrete . behind he , the other soldier be already run back . clang ... clang ... clang ... panic . can not breathe . dosimeter noise . Boot . can not take it off . can not get free . clang ... clang ... clang ... the soldier stab at the rebar with he shovel blade ... if he miss ... if he puncture the boot ... clang ... clang ... clang ... his boot pull free . he sprint back to the open as fast as he can , slip and slide along the graphite , do not matter ... get off the roof ... get off the roof ... get off -- end tracking shot 460 461 45 . int . top of the stair - continuous 460 the soldier return to the relative safety of the hallway . the dosimeter noise subside to a steady , low click . and to think that once frighten we . the soldier remember that he 's still hold the shovel . his finger grip tight . he fling it into the bin . then he feel something . pain . he look down at he boot . there 's a SMALL rip in the rubber . he stare at it for a moment , then : site officer ( 0.s. ) comrade soldier . the mask soldier look up . the Site Officer stand ten foot away . safe distance . he point toward a corridor . site officer you be do . the soldier hesitates for a moment , as if he 's not sure what that even mean ... ... and then he nod , turn to the corridor that will take he to decontamination , and exit . we never see he face . we never even know he name . the Site Officer watch he leave , then turn to : four new soldier , mask and suite up . site officer it 's time to go . ext . kiev - apartment complex courtyard - day 461 Children run by , bundle up against the cold , shouting and yell happily as they play . we be back in the courtyard surround by blocky Soviet apartment building . lyudmilla - heavily pregnant , sit on a bench , still alone . watch the child play . watch the mother . and father . title : december , 1986 462 463 464 46 . a rubber ball - bounce across the playground toward lyudmilla . she bend down with effort to pick it up , anda little girl , 6 , run over to get it . lyudmilla smile and hand the ball back to the girl , and the girl smile back . then the pain hit . lyudmilla double over . a contraction . the little girl 's smile fade . she just stare . wide shot - from across the courtyard . woman gather in the foreground , chat . in the b.g. , lyudmilla be double over ... the little girl stand next to she . the pain hit again . harder . she cry out . the little girl run away , afraid ... and finally , one of the grow woman turn to see lyudmilla . another cry . they all see she now . it 's like they be just discover she exist . and finally , two of the woman start run across the concrete courtyard to help she , and : dissolve to : ext . pripyat - late afternoon 462 Silent street . the freezing air be still . May Day banner hang limp and tear . Dead tree line the street . and then , at the far end of the street - movement . a Red Army uaz - 469 , the Soviet version of a Jeep , turn into view . slowly move toward we . ext . pripyat - continuous 463 bird be eye view - the uaz drive down the street . nothing else move in the dead , empty , silent city . ext . outskirt of pripyat - minute later 464 low to the ground - a cluster of dead bramble . the leg of a child doll stick out obscenely from the branch . the uaz enter , and roll to a slow stop . khomyuk emerge from the passenger side . a file folder under she arm . 465 466 47 . in front of they , a ugly building . dull white tile . four storey . Broken window . she look around . no one in sight . no sound in the frigid air . they be completely alone . she nod in thanks to the driver and turn to the building . int . dilapidated build - moment later 465 khomyuk walk slowly down a dim corridor . Broken glass occasionally crunching under she foot . her breath fogging in the freezing air . this be a elementary school . Children 's artwork share space on the wall with propaganda poster . water drip down from the ceiling , plink into puddle on the concrete floor . the barest amount of daylight filter in through the small window in the classroom door . khomyuk head up a staircase to the second floor , and : int . second floor landing - continuous 466 peel paint . topple chair in a corner . debris . card feature letter of the alphabet ring the wall , intersperse with frame picture of Soviet dignitary . a fluorescent light half - hang from the ceiling , suspend by a few remain wire . shcherbina and legasov - be wait on the landing . shcherbina I be sorry for all this . but we need to speak to you without ... the kgb listen . she understand . she climb up the stair to they . all three be bundle up against the cold . shcherbina look at legasov . tell she . legasov they be put dyatlov on trial . and bryukhanov . and fomin . we be go to be call for expert testimony . all three of we . but before that happen - — shcherbina the Central Committee be send legasov to Vienna . it 's the headquarters of the International -- 48 . khomyuk Atomic Energy Agency , I know what 's in Vienna -- ( to legasov ) what be they ask you do to ? legasov tell the world what happen . she feel a quick excitement . and fear . the promise of revealing the truth . and then a flicker of resentment . because she 's do the work . and he will be the one in Vienna . khomyuk well then you should know what happen . she open she file folder . hand he a report and additional page as she speak ... khomyuk I have construct a timeline . Minute by minute . second by second in some place . every decision . every button press . every turn of a switch . shcherbina and ? be they guilty ? legasov be flipping page . reading . scan . absorb . khomyuk yes , of gross incompetence , violation of safety regulation , recklessness beyond belief ... but the explosion ? I be not sure . and now legasov close she report . he 's see enough already . his worst fear confirm . shcherbina what do you mean you be not sure ? she 's bored of deal with shcherbina . he will not comprehend . not quickly enough at least . she turn back to legasov . khomyuk I have analyze the data . toptunov be tell the truth . they shut the reactor down , and then it explode . she hand he the journal article from she file folder . 49 . khomyuk I think this article may have the answer . but two page have be remove . then she see on legasov 's face -- foreknowledge . and guilt ? she realize : khomyuk you know what they be . you have see they before . legasov please believe I when I tell you -- I do not know it could lead to a explosion . none of we know . khomyuk ( anger rise ) none of you know what . legasov lift two topple chair into position , then slowly sit down . khomyuk sit in the other . legasov in 1975 at the rbmk reactor in leningrad , a fuel channel rupture . the operator press az - 5 , but instead of the power immediately go down , for a brief moment -- it go up . khomyuk how be that possible ? legasov that be the very question ask by a colleague of mine name volkov . he 's the one who write this article . ( to shcherbina ) when the rbmk run at low power , as it be that night , it 's notoriously unstable . prone to -- swing -- in reactivity . under normal circumstance , control rod can compensate for that . khomyuk under normal circumstance . ( she report ) the Chernobyl staff stall the reactor during the test . they pull almost all of the control rod to bring the power back up . 50 . legasov this be what volkov learn from leningrad . if the boron rod be completely withdraw from the core , when they be put back in , the first thing into the reactor be not boron . ( beat ) it 's graphite . the boron control rod have graphite tip that displace water and steam . reactivity do not go down . it go up . dramatically . khomyuk lean back . in shock . but shcherbina can only stand there dumbly , wait for a explanation . legasov imagine there 's a fire in a building . you turn on a hose , but instead of water come out , it spray petrol instead . shcherbina then why in god 's name do they push that button ? khomyuk ( finally understand ) they do not know . and now shcherbina take another chair and sit . my god ... yes . legasov volkov warn the kremlin ten year ago . but there must be no doubt about the supremacy of the Soviet nuclear industry . shcherbina ( realize ) the kgb classified it as a state secret . legasov when I see the reactor blow open , I still do not think it could be this flaw in az - 5 ... because the flaw will not lead to a explosion unless the operator have first willfully push the reactor to the edge of disaster . 51 . shcherbina so it be they fault . legasov yes. khomyuk but not only they fault . legasov no. khomyuk and be that what you be go to say ? in Vienna ? valery , you have to tell the truth . all of it . shcherbina you can not possibly be that naive . khomyuk there be 16 rbmk reactor run right now in the Soviet Union . we have to fix they , and the only way to make that happen be to go public . in Vienna , in the West , and force the Central Committee to take action . shcherbina what you be propose be that legasov humiliate a nation that be obsessed with not be humiliate . shcherbina swallow he anger . then , to legasov : shcherbina we can make a deal with the kgb . you leave this information out in Vienna , and they quietly allow we to fix the remain reactor . khomyuk a deal . with the kgb . and I be naive ... legasov do not know how to respond . caught between the two of they . between he heart and he mind . shcherbina valery , they will go after you friend , you family -- 52 . khomyuk you have a chance to talk to the world . if it be I -- shcherbina but it be not , be it . I have be a part of this system for 44 year , so listen carefully . I have know brave soul than you , khomyuk . Men who have they moment and do nothing , because when it be you life and the life of everyone you love , you moral conviction do not mean a damn thing . it leave you . and all you want in that moment be not to be shot . a few second . then she turn calmly to legasov . khomyuk do you know the name vasily ignatenko ? legasov shake he head no . khomyuk he be a fireman . he die two week after the accident . I have be look in on he widow . she give birth today . a girl . ( beat ) the baby live four hour . she have 28 roentgen . they say the radiation would have kill the mother , but the baby absorb it instead . her baby . ( quietly ) we live in a country where child have to die to save they mother . the hell with we name and the hell with you deal . someone have to start tell the truth . legasov look at they . khomyuk , who be right . and shcherbina ... who be also right . and only he can decide . tarakanov ( v.o. ) congratulation , comrade . 467 ext . masha - day 467 completely clean of debris . two man emerge onto the roof . one carry a metal pole . the other have a cylindrical case strapped to he back . 468 469 470 53. tarakanov ( v.o. ) you be the last of 3,828 man . ext . reactor site - continuous 468 tarakanov address a group of eight soldier , still in they heavy gear , but not wear glove or mask . tarakanov you have perform you duty perfectly . I wish you good health and long life . all of you be award with a bonus of 800 ruble . tarakanov approach the first soldier . shake he hand . tarakanov thank you . soldier # 1 I serve the Soviet Union . tarakanov move to the second soldier . shake he hand . tarakanov thank you . soldier # 2 I serve the Soviet Union . ext . very top of the cooling tower - continuous 469 the two man attach a pole and red flag to the top of the tower . it flap in the wind . tarakanov ( v.o. ) thank you . soldier # 3 ( v.o. ) I serve the Soviet Union . ext . liquidator camp - same 470 from here , we can see the reactor site in the near distance . and the red flag flutter on the cool tower . pavel - stand in place , gaze out at it . he 's gaunt . sallow skin . his hair seem thin . numb . blank stare . he 's smoking now . 471 54 . a young recruit , 21 , fresh - face believer , walk up to pavel , and join he look out at the flag . recruit make you proud , do not it , comrade ? pavel do not look at he . just keep stare out . recruit they send I over to you . for assignment . ( he radiation badge ) they give I this to wear . I guess everyone have one . we do not have anything to worry about , right ? pavel still do not look at he . but : pavel you can get up to 24 roentgen before there 's a problem . recruit oh . how much do you have ? pavel keep he eye lock on the flag . take a long drag on he cigarette . then : pavel 23 . dissolve to : int . hospital - day 471 the maternity ward . New mother pass in front of we . some walk , some be wheeled . cradle they newborn . but we move through they like we be not there . like we be a ghost . until we find a open door ... and stop . in a bare room , lyudmilla sit on the edge of the bed , still in a hospital gown , look out the window . forgotten . and alone . she put she hand to she belly , and : fade to black end of episode four