fade in : fade in : black and white / dreamy cu : the serene face of a beatific statue Three people , one after the other , rush by in a blur . ext . churchyard -- afternoon a stiff wind . a bride angrily drag she ass out of a church and into its courtyard . tree bend they bare , twisted limb as if to lynch she : snagging she gown , catch at the layer of tulle over she face . she fight they off and storm on . behind she , two men try to keep up , the wind chase the tail of they morning coat . the men-- tall , aristocratic uncle ernest and mammy , he gentler , young , queenier male companion - - collapse on a bench , while the bride , leila sweet , 18 , pace in front of they . mammy silently read a letter . mammy well , he note claim he 's ... dead . a scowling Ernest rip it out of he hand . uncle ernest ( beat ) but he sign it , right ? the answer 's write on mammy 's sympathetic face . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) and he dot the " I " in he name with a little happy face ? can not argue with the fact . from above we see the young bride . her uncle stand around she awkwardly . the uncommon wind stir the leave on the ground . crane up off leila 's face to a askew angle : leila on my parent ' grave , before God , never again will I let some lie clown tell I he love I , much less agree to marry he for it . uncle Ernest step forward . uncle ernest nonsense . leila I will die first . uncle ernest you will go to Harvard first . the camera widen to reveal a trail of clothes lead down the courtyard path through the church 's outer gate : dark pants , cummerbund , suspender , tail jacket , bow tie , dress shirt and shoe . we imagine a intend GROOM run the street of New York in he underwear , and incongruously hear the sound of a alarm clock as we ... fade out : fade in : int . leilax loft -- day begin credit in total darkness we hear the sound of a hand slamm down on the ringing clock , silencing it . out of the darkness , in Pov , a image emerge : that of a mop-topped , sorry - look dog stare straight at we with a Post - it stick on he head . turn around to find leila , now 29 year old , and still so fresh and beautiful it defy the law of nature . so what . leila ' Morning , paxil . she pull the Post - it off he head and read it . leila ( cont 'd ) " brunch . " okay , boy . okay . leila sit on the side of the bed , rub she eye , and then head for the bathroom . she be wear a long Harvard T-shirt and sock . paxil sit attentively on the bed while we hear leila brush she tooth . leila ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you want to go to the park later ? paxil bark he approval , as leila return , pet he head , and walk towards the kitchen . leila ( cont 'd ) good boy . her loft be a bit of a shamble : book everywhere , lot of stuff in box . her taste be not bad , but she homemake skill seem to be . a planet - theme mobile stand on a table in the live area . leila slap the Post - it next to another on the fridge that read " wedding ! " . and one which read " get a grip ! " . she pull out a carton of milk , and a bottle of vitamin C , chug both from they container , and push the message button on the answer machine . her sister 's voice : evy ( o.s. ) hey , it 's I . Saturday night . around ... 10:30 , I think . I hope you be out somewhere , ' cause if not , then you be asleep -- and well , that would just be too pathetic . anyway , I can not make it to uncle 's tomorrow . Donald and I be , I do not know , choose linen or something . let 's have breakfast on Monday . I have get the day off . bye . leila walk towards the bedroom to change . CUT to : int . leilax lobby -- day with paxil in tow , leila head out . there be delivery menus strewn all over the floor . she pick they up , with a shake of the head that say she 's do it a hundred time before . CUT to : ext . leilax loft -- day a few more menus be litter on the outside stoop , and assort other rubbish decorate the sidewalk in front of the adjacent sweet muffin shop . she clean all of this up , dump the whole mess in a trash bin , and walk paxil around the corner . we notice a " close " sign in the shop window . ext . ernest and mammy house -- day leila drag a somewhat reluctant paxil up the step of a impose - look brownstone . int . ernest and mammy house -- day the door open on mammy 's generous face . he 's eleven year older . mammy hello , dear . leila hi , mammy . after a big hug , mammy lead they inside . he be wear a apron , and carry a glass of sherry . they walk into the live room of a beautifully appoint home . Old school . uncle Ernest sit by the fire barely look up from he laptop computer . leila ( cont 'd ) ( to mammy ) how be he ? uncle ernest I hate that . I be right here . leila ( smile ) I know you be . uncle ernest I be not dead yet . I still have ... relation . Ernest notice the dog cower behind leila . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) and I do not recall invite you to brunch . ( beat ) in civilized country you would be brunch . paxil make himself even smaller . leila I promise he a walk . uncle ernest we all know how seriously you take you promise . mammy do not start , Ernest . uncle ernest who 's start ? leila come to peek over he shoulder , as mammy head to the kitchen . leila ( childlike ) what do you do exactly ? uncle ernest I push the little bean around on the little table until a few of they fall off in my pocket . then I use that to pay for all of you . leila you be quite a grouchy uncle , be not you ? leila produce a bag of fresh coffee bean from Zabar 's and dangle it in front of he nose . Ernest grunt he approval . CUT to : int . ernest and mammy dine room -- day egg benedict and bolivian coffee for all . mammy enter from the kitchen with a coffee pot . uncle ernest so where 's the other one ? leila um . ( mid-chew ) she and Donald be do something ... wedding related . uncle ernest ah , yes . the Donald . mammy he 's a very nice boy . good family . uncle ernest Dumb as toast . mammy ( scolding ) he 's about to be we son-in - law . uncle ernest still a chowderhead . must be great in the sheet . off mammy 's scandalize look . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) what ? like you both have not think the same thing . ( to leila ) -- well , you probably have not , -- ( to mammy ) but I know you have . mammy energetically clear he plate . mammy you be a vile and rude old man . Ernest yell out after he . uncle ernest don't call I old . CUT to : ext . central park / balto statue -- day leila sit alone on a bench read the New York Times , while paxil wait dutifully at she heel . Children play on the statue nearby . leila listen to this : " researcher announce that male dog raise in New York City be at increase risk to develop medical problem include anxiety , skin rash , depression , tooth decay , hypochondria and impotence . " ( leila look down sympathetically ) that 's so sad . paxil look up , troubled . a rubber kick - ball roll over near leila . a cute kid , about six , run over to retrieve it . he break into a heart - melting smile , pick up the ball , give leila a shy little wave and rejoin he friend . voice ( o.s. ) your ? a startle leila look up as a man join she on the bench . leila I , uh , no . ( indicate paxil ) mine . paxil . regards the dog . man very ... fuzzy head . there be a awkward pause as the man beat himself up over that one . a little girl roughhouses on the statue . leila ( be polite ) your ? man my sister 's . I borrow she on Sunday . silence . man ( cont 'd ) the close my wife and I get be two canary and a hamster . ( long beat , sadly ) she keep the hamster . ( beat ) freddie . leila I actually ... do not do this . man what ? leila the ... talk to you part . man I understand . leila you seem very nice and everything . man thank you . leila but I think it 's better this way . man of course . they resume they non-talk . after a bit ... man ( cont 'd ) she 's a lesbian now , my wife . leila really ? man ( smile ) no . I be just bitter . she 's actually with some giant guy name douggie . leila indulge he with a slight smile . more silence . man ( cont 'd ) we , uh , be just about to leave . I do not suppose you would want to get a cup of coffee with we ? leila I would not ? man you would ? leila no . I just wonder why you think I would not . man so you will not . leila I be actually pretty busy . not now , of course , but -- well , soon . thanks , though . man sure . the disappointed man head off towards he niece . after a moment , he turn back . man ( cont 'd ) so why would you name you dog after a anti-depressant ? leila look at he ! he give she a puzzle look , the dog give he a puzzle look , and they continue on . leila watch they go . CUT to : int . leilax kitchen -- night leila stir a pot of macaroni and cheese , while talk on a portable phone . she look exasperate . paxil follow she every move . leila no , I be not try to sell you anything ... I understand that , but I be not the person who rent out clown ... I be sure you do want he little birthday party to be special ... who would not ?... hello ? she pull the phone away from she ear , and look at it . another night shot to hell . dissolve to : int . leilax loft -- night as before , except leila be now seat . the camera take a while to find she . a plate of half - eat food get cold . she cross a name off a list while she speak . leila ( o.s. ) Mrs. barrow ? my name be leila sweet . you mistakenly call my number when you be try to reach " clown to go . " they number be the same as mine , but it 's 718 . see , I get a lot of message from people look for clown , and ... I be sorry ? okay . I will hold . leila lean back in she seat and sigh . she notice a frame photograph nestle in a cluster of they , and pick it up . insert : two pensive little girl sit on the Alice in wonderland statue in Central Park : push in on leila and she little sister evy as girl ... dissolve to : int . car -- day pull out from leila , as a young girl , sit next to evy in the back seat of a cherry 1963 falcon . they be both dress in expensive , official - look NASA spacesuit . up front daddy , drive , and mommy , riding shotgun , be sing a road song : mommy and daddy there be a farmer have a dog and bingo be he name -o . ( turn to the girl ) we can not hear you ... cu : little evy and leila , mouth the word through they space helmet ... they ador eye glue on daddy 's ador eye ... all b-i-n-g-o , b-i - n-g-o , b-i - n-g-o , and bingo be he name -- ohhhhhhh ! as the car pass out of frame we hear the screech of tire , crunch of twisted metal . the camera find a billboard welcoming visitor to the space center , while a lone hubcap roll into frame . dissolve to : int . leilax loft -- night cu leila 's face as she remember . wide to show the phone in she lap . after a moment lose in think leila walk to the kitchen , dump she plate in the sink , pull off a Post - it and write a note to herself . she slap it on the refrigerator next to the other , and hit the light . we can not read it . leila ( to paxil ) c'mon boy . as they exit , we move in on the note : " have a child " . CUT to : int . leilax lobby -- morning leila again scoops up a unwanted pile of delivery menus . she produce a homemade " no menus " sign , post it on the outside lobby door , and take a moment to admire she work before head out . CUT to : int . restaurant -- morning evy dig into she bagel and lox . leila toy with biscotti . leila can I ask you something ? evy shoot . leila begin to speak and then notice something . leila be that my shirt ? evy oh , yeah . how do it look ? leila it look like ... my shirt ! evy sorry . I be all out . ( beat ) be that what you want to ask I ? leila no. ( beat ) look . we both have the same odd , orphane upbringing , right ? evy emphasis on " odd " . leila so how come I dysfunction and you do not ? evy do not look up from she breakfast . evy sex . leila I think that might be it . evy uh , huh . beat . leila well , I have decide to have some . evy 's eye go wide . evy oh , god . leila actually , I need to have some . evy oh , God . leila I want to have a child . evy but ... why ? leila I be go to ask you some question and you have to answer they because you be my sister . evy waiter ! a waiter approach the table . leila like , what exactly do it mean to be , you know , " good in bed " ? waiter nake and peppy . evy she 's not ask you . go away . waiter you call I . evy oh , right . I will have a really huge bloody Mary . hold the red stuff . the waiter glance at he watch . it 's ten in the morning . impressive . waiter ( to leila ) and for you ? leila be I the kind of person you would have sex with ? you know -- hypothetically ? waiter ( to evy ) this a trick question , right ?. evy tell you what . skip the drink . we will take a check . leila you do not finish you food . CUT to : ext . skating rink -- day evy and leila skate side by side and talk about leila 's sex life . evy this be not a pretty mental picture ? leila gee , thanks . evy ' Cause you know , it 's one thing to talk about , another to actually visualize . leila ( sternly ) maybe that 's because you be try too hard . evy ( still think ) no , really . I can not even get you clothes off . leila evy ! leila walk on as evy follow . evy okay , sorry . it 's just funny , leila . I mean , for ten year you have be lock up tighter than a nun and all of a sudden , you want the kama sutra . leila just the part that get you pregnant . evy that 's the last chapter . first you have get dinner , drink , he life story , a couple of ego stroke and a minute or two of serious headboard slamm . leila make a face . evy ( cont 'd ) when that get old , you marry one of they . say , in my case ... ( pointedly ) ... next Saturday . leila could we back up a bit ? like to " hello " ? evy this be really basic stuff , leila . I mean like " girl 101 " . leila I guess I miss class . evy well , then , let 's see . okay . you know there be work part , right ? leila ( deadpan ) the penace . the girl share a smile as they walk on , away from the camera . evy why do not I find you a professional . CUT to : ext . muffin shop -- day establishing shot of the luncheonette- type shop directly adjacent to leila 's loft in a quiet , tree -line neighborhood of Manhattan . int . muffin shop -- day two waitress ( late teens ) sit in a booth , slack . darcy , the punk - out smartass smoke a cigarette while dottie , not the sharpest knife in the drawer , shuffles tarot card . leila plod in and look back out the window towards the pack coffee bar on the corner . leila nellie 's deli be kill we . darcy discreetly hide the nellie 's deli cappuccino she have be drink . darcy bummer . with trepidation , dottie turn over a card . darcy squint at the supine man with the sword in he back .. dottie the ten of rod ! darcy look like the bartender at " vivisection " . ( off dottie 's shocked look ) what ? leila go behind the counter and bring the coffee pot from the industrial urn . she pour they each a mug , careful not to disturb the tarot . leila ( prompt ) ' good morning , boss . ' dottie and darcy ( rote , sing - song ) good morning , boss . darcy try the cream pitcher . it 's empty . she hand it to leila . leila remind I to nominate you employee of the month . leila head towards the kitchen . darcy ' remind ' you ? be not that what 's it 's job ? dottie Post - it 's . darcy prozac 's . leila paxil . darcy call out after she . darcy oh , you sister call . who 's beverly kirk ? leila come out with a tray of fresh muffins . leila I do not know . why ? darcy because you get a appointment with she in , like , ten minute . evy say do not be late . a exasperate leila rush to put the muffins out . darcy ( cont 'd ) shrink ? leila no. dottie the hole in you stomach ? leila " ulcer , " dottie . and no . the girl continue to stare . leila ( cont 'd ) she 's a ob / gyn . okay ? darcy ah , that hole . leila there could be customer , darcy . dottie ( innocently ) he usually do not come until three . leila take a deep breath as she approach they booth . leila look , girl . you may as well know , since it could impact on you ( finger quote ) " work " life : I have decide to have ... a child . the girl look at each other in wide - eye wonder . leila ( cont 'd ) what ?! be I so repulsive ? they can not stop stare . dottie but , leila , you be sort of a virgin . leila yes , dottie , I know . darcy maybe we should have a long talk when you get back . leila look at darcy 's orange hair and belly - button ring . leila that 's just ... too scary . leila walk to the front of the shop for she coat . the girl glance at she expectantly . leila ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything else ? leila I may not be back in time to serve you you lunch . leila leave quickly . darcy push away she mug of coffee and retrieve the cappuccino from she lap . dottie the real hole 's in she heart ... she 's like one of that round , sweet thing ? with the empty middle ? darcy you do not know the word ' donut ' ? dottie ( shrugging ) pardon I for not take " food " at haavaard . CUT to : ext . dr . kirk office -- day insert : on a plaque which read " dr . beverly kirk , ob - gyn " leila stand outside the office door , gather she courage . CUT to : int . dr . kirk exam room -- day leila be write the great american novel on the medical form . a knockoff of nurse ratched enter the room , rip the chart out of she hand , and toss a blue gown to the exam table , ringing one of the dread stirrup . nurse make sure you lose the panty . leila cringe . nurse ( cont 'd ) what ? leila nothing . nurse you be not wear panty ? leila I be wear ' underwear . ' you do not see man wear ... nurse panty ? maybe in a perfect world . leila Fine . nurse Fine . ( look over she chart ) job ? leila Excuse I ? nurse ( tapping the chart with she pen ) occupation ? leila ( with dignity ) I run a muffin shop . nurse gee . that 's what I do . leila God . nurse panty . muffins ... anything else we need to worry about ? leila no ... nurse what ? leila I find it offensive , so naturally I do not say it . nurse oh , goodie . what 's it begin with ? leila ( hesitate ) ' F ' nurse ( pretend to make a chart entry ) " panty " , " muffin " ... and " fuck " . leila no ... I rather like ' fuck . ' at least it 's in the Oxford English dictionary . nurse ( wince ) you have to look it up ? leila should not I be get undress ? nurse oh sure . the doctor will be beat the door down any minute now . leave : nurse ( cont 'd ) how many letter that 'f ' word have ? leila ( reluctant ) four . ponder , nurse leave . leila look around . on one wall , a large blackboard , on another , a photo-montage , feature hundred of baby deliver by Dr. kirk , under the caption : ' we deliver . ' leila start bite she nail . dissolve to : int . dr . kirk exam room -- day leila be now wear the blue robe , sit on the exam table , a hand tensely clutching each stirrup . her luxurious hair , loose from its bun , lie in a generous wave over she shoulder . dissolve to : int . dr . kirk exam room -- day holding the back of the blue gown close over she beautiful butt , leila be at the chalkboard , write the word : man , woman , birth , death , infinity . dissolve to : int . dr . kirk exam room -- day leila , she face rest in a stirrup , sleep . a White rubber Glove tap she on the shoulder . she look at she watch , as the doctor read she chart . dr . kirk ( look down ) sorry . that 's why there 's no clock in here . dr . kirk ( extend a glove ) I be dr... kirk . they look at each other in astonishment . not only be he voice and gender a surprise to leila ; so too be the fact that he be the man she met in the park yesterday . leila ( daze ) as in ... ' beverly ' ? dr . kirk ( equally daze ) yes , well . my mother claim it 's british . could not be more awkward . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) this really be quite the horrifying coincidence . I could refer you to a colleague ... Fighting close the back of she examination gown . leila thank you . that will not be necessary ... horrify ? dr . kirk not , of course , what I mean at all . embarrassing be what I mean ... I mean , for I , that be ... um . do you know that 's on backwards ? she look down at she gown . leila I think they be suppose to be . dr . kirk not ...here . leila should I turn it around ? dr . kirk ( uncomfortable smile ) we will manage . he look over she overly long chart , fumble it . he 's a shy gynecologist ; she 's a beautiful woman . why do not he choose husbandry ? dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) ( after several page , finally cut to the chase ) so . you would like to start a family . that 's lovely . ( beat ) and I notice you answer the sex question ... ' no . ' leila yes . dr . kirk ( gently ) but , of course , gender be not a yes or no question ... well , there be rare case ... anyway , next to sex , you be suppose to write m for male , F for female . and you write ' no . ' leila I be try to be helpful . dr . kirk I see . he study she . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) and how long have you and you ... partner be try to conceive ? leila I ... do not have a donor . ( beat ) as yet . oh. dr . kirk artificial insemination ? leila ( primly ) no thank you . dr . kirk right . ( beat ) I tell you what . let 's start with a routine exam , and then when you leave I will recommend a ovulation kit . the instruction be on the package . leila all of they ? he look up in response , only to be distract by the new word on he blackboard : man , woman , birth , death , infinity . leila ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be bored . for Dr. kirk , what she 's write be apparently so fraught with meaning , he can not even talk about it . leila ( cont 'd ) it can be erase . dr . kirk you write this ? ... it 's ... it 's ... word fail he . he 's completely floor . leila it 's from Ben casey . not even a real doctor . not even a real sentence . not to Dr. kirk . dr kirk there use to be symbol ... he take the Magic marker and draw the symbol for man and woman , hesitates at birth , go on to draw death and infinity . dr . kirk I can not remember the one for ' birth . ' kirk wrack he brain for the answer , while leila wait patiently on the exam table . leila um , Doctor ...? dr kirk ( snap out of it ) yes , of course . sorry . he go to she , gingerly pull down the gown , put a stethoscope to she chest and listen . dr . kirk I be have trouble find ... leila you ear be on you ... point to he neck . with dignity , Dr. kirk fix he stethoscope . dr . kirk quite right . he pause . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) would you be more comfortable if the nurse be present ? leila no ! no , thank you . she be definitely steal a look back at he as he again put the stethoscope to she heart . this time we clearly hear - thump thump thump : she really have one . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- day darcy rest in a booth painting she nail black while dottie refill the sugar dispenser . dottie what do she say ? leila move back and forth behind the counter , straighten up . leila the doctor be a man name ' beverly . ' darcy that must have be a big hit in the school yard . leila he be soft -spoken and kind . naturally , I do not know how to talk to he . dottie be he single ? leila clean up the sugar that dottie spill at every station . leila ( appal ) how should I know ? he 's a doctor , not a dating service . ( off they stare ) yes , he 's single . okay ? darcy be not you leave something out ? leila what ? I go to the doctor . I buy a kit . darcy I hope it include a dick . leila good Lord , darcy ! darcy leila , you have not even have a date like this whole decade ... leila you be count ...? dottie you need to have sex to have a child , leila ... darcy ... unless this cloning thing take off ... leila thank you both for you interest . darcy and even if you pay for it , you need a date to have sex . leila I do not want to talk about this anymore . it 's private . leila go to the kitchen to get a trash bag . she peek out again . leila ( cont 'd ) go back to you coven . a man ( 30' ) enter the shop . he 's wear a baseball cap , and dark glass , which he never remove . darcy yuk . it 's the customer . dottie sigh and walk behind the counter . dottie ( pour he coffee , cheerful ) welcome to sweet 's muffin shop . would you like to hear a list of we muffins today ? customer what 's you problem ? dottie leila want we to be nicer . customer all right , dottie . let I hear a list of you muffins today . dottie cranberry . customer I will have one of that . the customer remove he leather jacket . there 's a flesh - color nicotine patch on he arm . dottie ( dumbfounded by patch ) what happen ? you get shot ? customer it 's a nicotine patch . dottie ( disgust ) like you do not get enough from smoking . customer shake he head in amazement , as leila cross . customer hey , leila . barely a glance , as leila shovel uneaten muffins into the trash bag . leila hello . leila grab she coat and drag the bag towards the side door . leila ( cont 'd ) see you tomorrow , dottie . will you lock up ? dottie you want to come out with we tonight ? we be gonna get tattoo ! leila thank you . I already have ... plan . she hurry out . customer all I say be " hey " . ( mopey ) it 's like I be invisible . dottie and darcy look at he . CUT to : int . dr . kirk office -- magic hour Music cue start . Dr. kirk stand at a easel in he office , write out the five word leila write on the blackboard in he exam room . then he draw the symbol , again struggle to remember the one for birth . he stand back , transfix . dissolve to : ext . leilax loft -- magic hour crane up from dottie and darcy lock up the shop to leila silhouett in she live room window , look out over the city . she hold a portable phone in she hand . dissolve to : ext . new york STREET -- night a desert corner of a seedy street . a rusty blue chevrolet with the muffler hang on for dear life come into frame and screech to a halt . the back door of the car open and a beat - up stuff dog be toss out . moment later two child ( 9 and 6 ) clamber out onto the damp road . one be a Boy and the other a girl . they could be sibling , except he 's black and she 's white . the car take off with a roar . the child remain sit on the street , stunne . a moment , and then the chevrolet reverse into frame . the back door open again and two twinkies , one after the other , fly out onto the pavement beside the two child . the car take off again . this time for good . the Boy pick up the twinkies , the girl pick up the dog . he take she hand and they walk away from camera down the desert road . dissolve to : int . leilax bedroom -- night leila step out of she bathroom and read the result of the ovulation test . fertile as Iowa loam . she look at herself in the mirror . dissolve to : int . dr . kirk office -- night the nurse enter the now empty office . she angrily tear the paper off the easel , smashes it into a ball , and chuck it in the waste paper basket . Music end . fade out : fade in : ext . ernest and mammy house -- day leila approach the brownstone and head up the stair . int . ernest and mammy library -- day leila enter the library . a open laptop sit on the etage , screen -save by the fly toaster . leila ( look around ) mammy ? uncle Ernest ? a voice from another room . mammy ( o.s. ) we be in the bath , dear . wo not be a sec . leila sit by the computer , scared of it . she touch the mouse tentatively . the screen pop up say : " ' welcome to the web . ' to continue , press enter . " she do . computer welcome to the web . do you wish to browse ? Press " y " or " N " . leila start . the computer be talk to she in a slightly exaggerated " computer voice . " she press " y " . computer ( cont 'd ) do you wish to access a conference on the subject of you choice ? Press " y " or " N " . leila press " y " . a bulletin board of topic currently be discuss online flash up . since leila do nothing , the computer once again prompt she . computer ( cont 'd ) if you be unable to select a topic , would you like assistance ? Press " y " or " N " . leila press " y " . computer ( cont 'd ) do you have a interest in gardening , politics , film , music , literature , sport , virtual reality ... or sex ? leila stare at the screen in horror . computer ( cont 'd ) ( with attitude ) do you have a interest ? no response . computer ( cont 'd ) ( more attitude ) do you have a problem ? no response . computer ( cont 'd ) ( almost mad ) what 's wrong with you ? leila abruptly close the lid of the laptop -- which then beep at she -- force she to pull the plug from the outlet . switch over to battery , the computer continue to beep . leila put a pillow over the contraption . mammy and Ernest approach from behind in robe that reflect they personality : mammy 's -- floral and bright ; Ernest 's -- brook Brothers and mute . mammy nip at he ever- present glass of sherry . mammy I be sorry , dear . leila ( to Ernest ) that thing yell at I . Ernest grumble he way to turn off the beep computer . uncle ernest can not imagine why . mammy ( try to avoid a potential situation ) honey , can I fix you a snack ? leila no thanks , mammy . I should go to work soon . uncle ernest hah ! mammy ( warning ) Ernest . mammy head for the kitchen . uncle ernest the word just come out of she mouth funny . leila ( to mammy ) I see evy yesterday . uncle ernest and how be you sister ? leila she 's work on another fish story for the magazine . uncle ernest one use the ivy League education I pay for to write about food . the other to serve it . mammy return with milk and cookie , to leila 's dismay . leila I think she 's get cold foot . mammy perfectly natural . which remind I . we absolutely must get the measurement for you dress . mammy search in the sideboard drawer for a tape measure . leila please ... not today , mammy . mammy start measure leila 's hip , she waist , she bust . uncle ernest I understand you have get a new doctor . leila be there any secret in this family ? uncle ernest how do you find he ? leila evy find he . ( to mammy ) I be a size six , ok ? mammy measure the distance from the nape of leila 's neck to she waist and write it down . mammy so far , except for the rise , the exact same as evy . leila mammy , I be four inch taller . mammy that 's okay . now let I just measure you rise ... for the little white panty . leila no ! mammy ( wounded ) Fine . provide you own panty . leila no problem . uncle ernest I know how you find the doctor , but how do you find he ? handsome ? leila competent . uncle ernest bullshit . he 's a hunk . leila how would you know ? uncle ernest ( indicate computer ) evy e-mail he file . leila God . uncle ernest if you can not give it up for a cute , single doctor -- I will shoot you dog . mammy he 's not try to pressure you , dear . uncle ernest yes I be . leila let I remind you all , I be not marriage - minded . I hate love , I hate marriage , I hate white dress ... mammy no , you do not . you be a beautiful bride . horrify at he own indiscretion , mammy put he hand over he mouth . leila what !? you can say it . I be dumped at the altar . stood up . humiliate . and now , dear uncle , since you can only nourish yourselves so long on the shame of that event , here 's a new morsel : I intend to give birth to a child . forthwith . the two uncle stare at each other . mammy immaculately ? leila vaginally . ( beat ) as soon as I can figure out how . uncle ernest not another dime to Harvard , mammy . hear I ? not one red cent . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- day cu : leila 's face as she look on with fascination and horror . darcy ( o.s. ) the worst thing you can do be cozy it in there . darcy ( o.s. ) when I say push , push hard . and do not freak out if there 's a little blood . dottie ( o.s. ) wo not it hurt ? turn around to reveal darcy , cover in a barber 's smock , sit in a chair while dottie hold ice to the top portion of she leave ear . a pierce be in progress . darcy only for a second . just make sure you get all the way through . catch the needle with the cork . dottie get it . leila shudder and look back down at something she 's be write , while the customer , behind the counter , pour himself a coffee refill . Business as usual at the muffin shop . customer have you get any cream ? leila check the fridge . customer walk to the kitchen . darcy we be out . customer make a u-turn . darcy ( cont 'd ) ok . ready ? one , two , three , go ! dottie close she eye and push the needle through darcy 's ear . darcy ( cont 'd ) ohhh ! dottie Gross ! darcy good . now just leave it there for a minute or two until it take . leila look up from she papers . leila tell I if you think I have get this right . ( read ) " attractive , intelligent , self - employ woman , not -thirty -- virgin ; seek potent , genetically - sound man , twenty - five to forty , for short - term sex . no romantics or commitment - seeker , please . " leila look up . the girl , one with a needle through she ear , look stunne . the customer fumble in he jacket , pull out he emergency cigarette and suck on it like there 's no tomorrow . CUT to : ext . muffin shop -- day a line of man stretch from the door down the stair , for as far as the eye can see . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- day cu of a primp , italian , god' - gift - to - woman type . man 1 so the deal be , I put the doggie in the pound for ya -- and that 's it . no string . ( off a unseen nod ) I be in . evy sit across the table from prospective candidate . we see photo and what appear to be medical record pile up . leila sit off to the side , horrify at the can of worm she 's open . a video camera rest on a tripod between they , run . they have be at this a while . evy you mention in you questionnaire that you have four child . can I ask if you be still in touch with they ? turn around on ... man 2 oh , as " in touch " as the next guy , I suppose . you know teenager . they definitely have a mind of they own . evy so you wife have custody ? blank stare from man 2 . evy ( cont 'd ) you know , custody ? divorce ? you be divorced ? blank stare from man 2 . CUT to : man 3 I almost do not come over . the whole thing seem so , I do not know , clinical . but then I realize the kind of sacrifice you be make for this baby and I think -- maybe I could help . evy look up at Mr. perfect and then , hopefully , across at leila . he 's get they attention . man 3 ( cont 'd ) I think maybe , I have be choose to help . that the virgin of the Plains be rise to smite down the rough beast and that I , the foul spawn of indifference , have find purchase on the honey trail . CUT to : man 4 I be just really horny . CUT to : int . leilax bedroom -- night man 5 be on the television monitor in leila 's bedroom . man 5 Truth be , mar 'am , I be hangin ' fat and low . wanna see ? off -camera voice , evy and leila . evy and leila ( o.s. ) no ! man 5 and I do not shoot blank . ( confidentially ) full metal jacket . man 5 drop he two front tooth for emphasis , and wink . fast forward on the tape . stop on woman 1 , a lesbian . fast forward to man 6 , a priest . fast forward to man 7 . evy 's off - camera voice . evy ( o.s. ) do you speak English ? ( beat ) do you speak at all ? man 7 sit with a shit-eate grin . pull back on leila , disgust , as she turn off the tape and throw the remote on a chair . she 's wear flannel pajamas . int . leilax kitchen / live room -- night leila walk out to the kitchen for a glass of milk . she see the " have a child " Post - it , cross out the word " child " and replace it with " girl . " her intercom buzy . leila ( into intercom ) I be sorry -- no more man . male voice ( o.s. ) what ? leila no interview . male voice ( o.s. ) do not want one . leila who be you ? male voice ( o.s. ) slappy . leila well -- I do not order anything . and stop leave menus ! male voice ( o.s. ) not food , " slappy " ! leila what 's " slappy " ? male voice ( o.s. ) look out you window . leila go tentatively to she window , open it and look down . Pov leila : a grow man with a red wig , a bulbous nose , a polka dot suit and big foot look up at she , arm extend . CUT to : int . / ext . leilax loft -- night leila what be you suppose to be ? slappy whaddya mean , what ? I be slappy the clown ! she give a exaggerated shrug . he blast he big horn . slappy ( cont 'd ) nothing ringing a bell ? he squirt water from he lapel . she shake she head . slappy ( cont 'd ) come on ... you be a kid once . leila not everyone know who you be Mr. narcissistic bad dresser . slappy what kind of childhood do you have that you do not know slappy the clown when he come to you door !? leila I hear of he . I think he be cuter . ( beat ) and I do not like you name . slappy yeah , well , all the good one be trademark . slappy produce a bouquet of paper flower from he sleeve . slappy ( cont 'd ) I bring you this . leila do not you frighten the child ? slappy I just want to thank you for refer all that call back to clown to go . a window open on the floor below leila 's . a man lean out . man hey you , tickles . fuck off . slappy it 's slappy , pal . and eat I . the man 's window slam shut . slappy ( cont 'd ) ( to leila ) so ... well , thanks . go back to you ... whatever you be do . slappy be about to say something else , decide against it , start to walk away , come back , and carefully lay the flower on the doorstep . he walk off , sadly . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night leila start to close the window when she see menu man work he way down the street towards she door . she rush out of the loft . int . / ext . leilax loft -- night cu -- bottom of the outer door to leila 's building . a bunch of menus come under the door . a hand push they back outside . in again , out again . a tug -of- war-to- the -death over a " pizza perfect " delivery menu . with she free hand leila reach up and push open the door -- hard . thump . menu man ( o.s. ) ow . leila look through the door and see menu man hopping around on the stoop hold the side of he head . she try to comfort he . menu man ( cont 'd ) get away from I , lady . leila I be sorry . I just ... menu man what ? in the light , leila can not help notice that she have bean the most beautiful , young black man on earth : gorgeous dread , fiery eye ... she soften a bit . leila I just do not want any menus . menu man do I ask you if you want any menus , lady ? I do not ask you if you want any menus . I do not care if you want menus . leila well , I do not . menu man good . because I do not want to crawl around like a reptile pass the damn thing out . so that make we even . except for you hit I in the head with a door . which make it not so even . leila ( innocently ) I be really sorry about that . it be a accident . menu man Accident ? Lady , you hit I in the head with a door . leila oh , do not be so dramatic . I barely bump you . menu man you take aim ! leila do not . menu man pull open the door . menu man put you head by the door , here . let I give you a little " bump . " leila do you want some ice for that ? menu man I want to know what you be do in you pajamas on the other side of that door . you be not leave , obviously , and I do not think you be out walk around like that . so I can only guess you be wait to assault my head with that door . leila ( defensively ) oh , poor you . menu man damn right , poor I . if I do not hand this out , I do not eat . leila well , if you have bother to read my sign , none of this would have happen . menu man I read you sign . I ignore it . that 's how I make money . leila which be another thing . be not you a bit ... attractive to be doling out menus for a live ? menu man what 's that suppose to mean ? leila nothing . except you could be , like ... a supermodel . menu man then I definitely could not eat . leila Fine . menu man that be a joke . leila I know . menu man you do ? beat . leila so what do you want to be ? menu man accord to my mfa , I be a poet . leila ( brighten ) really ? I love poetry . say one . menu man what be i. a jukebox ? leila c'mon . it will be fun . leila start to chase he down the step when she notice the plastic flower . she offer they to menu man . behind they , the door close and lock . they look at it . whoops . leila ( cont 'd ) we can go have coffee and muffins . menu man do you think I need a date ? CUT to : ext . new york STREET -- night the abandon Boy and girl rest on a embankment over train track . as train pass in opposite direction underneath , they crack open and eat they twinkies . Red hug she stuff dog . dissolve to : ext . muffin shop -- night through the window , we can see leila and the menu man in animated conversation . outside , the daily bag of uneaten muffins sit by the trash . fade out : fade in : int . muffin shop -- morning cu : lot of different symbol , draw , and then scratch out . the one that remain appear to be the letter " o " within the letter " o " . darcy study the draw which lie on the front table , as dottie enter . darcy dottie , that 's so sad . dottie what ? darcy not only can not you say " donut " -- you can barely draw one . you be like a idiot savant . well , the first part . dottie ( indignant ) that 's not mine . and it be not here last night . darcy shush she when she notice leila and the menu man in a booth , slump over a couple of carton of milk , asleep . they approach carefully , stunne by the sight of the handsome young man . they attempt to pick up a dreadlock to get a better look at he face . leila wake up and see she staff . leila what be you look at ? dottie him . leila oh . yes . he 's quite remarkably handsome . but he do not like to hear it . dottie after all this year , how would you ...? leila he 's a friend . darcy she mean how would you find a friend ? leila on the street -- he 's a starve artist . dottie that explain the donut . leila stand , look as dignify as she can in she pajamas , grab the not - donut from dottie and walk towards the door lead upstairs to she apartment . leila it 's not a donut , and I have to take it somewhere . when he wake up , give he whatever he want . dottie do not worry . leila and then , you know , show he the rope . dottie uh , what rope ? leila the rope around here . I promise he a job . darcy we do not have rope around here , leila . if we do , we would hang ourselves . what 's he go to do ? leila what you do . do you think he can handle it ? CUT to : int . dr . kirk waiting room -- day leila have a stare - down with a mean look ten year old boy . she curl she lip in a sneer , he do the same . she stick out she tongue -- pink . he stick out he -- bad - candy purple . she raise she finger and thumb , and eyeball he down the barrel of she " gun " . he pull out a supersoaker and completely drown she . nurse look up , barely contain she glee . nurse the Doctor will see you now . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- day menu man poke at the muffin in front of he and eye it suspiciously . he decide to stick with coffee . dottie and darcy solemnly approach . dottie we be suppose to tell you what to do around here . menu man I be listen . menu man walk behind the counter to the kitchen . the girl follow . darcy as you can see , business be not a issue . but there be still something that desperately ... need do . ( beat ) that would be the boss . dottie you have to tell she about the bird and the bee . darcy or barring that , how to get bone . he begin to gather pot , pan and ingredient from the shelf . menu man consider it do . the girl exchange a look . darcy you do she ? menu man she 's be clue . dottie right here ? menu man begin to make himself a fabulous - look omelet . menu man ( enjoy himself ) right here . six hour of good , hard , honest ... talk . dottie wuz that a slam ? menu man she be a bit confuse about " penis " . darcy who be not ? menu man straight up ? you guy make the worst muffins I have ever taste . dottie the customer like they . they look in the customer 's direction . he 's slump over in he seat , a nicotine patch on each arm , lighting one cigarette off the end of another . Point take . CUT to : int . dr . kirk office -- morning kirk open the door to find leila stand there . she 's drench . leila I do not have a appointment . dr . kirk please . come in . he usher she into he office , and give she a hand towel . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I apologize about timmy . he 's mad at he mother for be pregnant . leila ( look at she wet clothes ) I too . leila hand kirk the cardboard symbol , now drip and limp . leila ( cont 'd ) here , it 's ... birth . dr . kirk you find it ! leila I be sorry it 's so messy . dr . kirk usually be . kirk delicately transport the wet card towards the easel , look at it oddly . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) circle . I do not remember circle . he erase the " ? " next to " birth " on he rework design , tack up the donut , and stand back with a sense of accomplishment . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) so ... still do not look right . he cross to he desk and pick up a folder . dr kirk I have get you exam result back and everything look ... normal . leila ( cheerfully ) I be normal ? dr . kirk well , not " normal " -- that sound like " average " -- which of course I do not mean . you be certainly way , way above average , like , I do not know , -- " spectacular " ...uh , the point be , I can not see any reason you should not be able to have a child . ( beat ) if you want to . ( beat ) would you like a grapefruit juice ? kirk try to calm himself down . leila shake she head and point to she stomach . leila ulcer . dr . kirk ulcer . yes . you mention that . leila you have read my chart then ? dr . kirk I be nearly through it . you have wonderful penmanship . leila I suppose I be a little ... thorough . dr . kirk no . no . I learn you have very good ... tooth . ( add quickly ) not that it matter to I , of course . leila good thing you be not my dentist . dr . kirk and that you have a fine education . which you use to ... become a waitress in a do nut shop . leila ( with dignity ) proprietor . muffins . dr . kirk ( get work up ) and that you height and weight be perfect , not to mention you skin , of course , and you eye ... you hair be ... look , uh , healthy . dr . kirk oh , and you heart . you have a good one -- I mean , I hear it ... kirk brave a uncertain glance at she . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) would you go out with I ? decidedly pregnant pause . leila I really can not . dr kirk of course not . I be sorry . kirk look like he want to crawl in a hole . leila no . it 's just that I have a date once . a wedding date . he break it . dr kirk I should not have ask . leila it 's okay . but I make this vow never to do that again . dr . kirk " that " be I , specifically ? just to be clear ? leila exactly . no . I mean , I do not , " go out " with anyone . not that I be against it or anything -- just that it lead to ... dr kirk intercourse ? leila you get pretty far in my chart . dr . kirk sorry . if there be scissors present , kirk would cut out he tongue . leila I be actually refer to love and marriage . that two I do not do . the other -- thing -- well , I just have not do yet . that 's why I be here . kirk 's eye go wide . dare he dream ? the nurse , as usual , find some non-reason to enter the room . she smirk at the easel . nurse that 's not birth . leila / kirk what !? nurse birth 's not a donut . it 's a upside - down triangle . leila you source ? nurse the web. your ? leila a...poet . nurse I think we have a loser . dr . kirk thank you , Jean . nurse put some file on the table by the door and exit with a smirk . kirk and leila look at each other for a moment . leila ( suddenly self - conscious ) I should go now . timmy 's probably out there ... squirting thing . I just want to -- give birth to you . the ...sign . leila rush out . kirk look perplex . CUT to : int . dr . kirk waiting room -- day leila head through the wait room on she way out . nurse fart ! leila freeze . nurse ( cont 'd ) that 's it , be not it ? the " F " word . fart. fart . fart . pantie ! fart ! where 's that door . CUT to : ext . new york STREET -- night the abandon Boy and girl , both exhaust , descend the stair lead from the park . as they walk towards we , the girl drag she little stuff dog at she side . as they clear frame and walk away from we , the dog be go . the camera find the dog lie in the street , just before a limousine crush it . a squeal of brake . the limo back up , a jewele hand reach out and grab the pooch , and the car head off down the street in a cloud of steam . dissolve to : ext . new york STREET -- night Dr. kirk stroll under the street lamp of a desert New York street , he head cast down , he collar turn up . very Edward Hopper . as he approach the entrance to a upscale restaurant , the limo turn a corner and come towards we . a young couple hop out . they be beautifully dress and stupendously drunk . they whirl through the restaurant 's front door . then , the woman spin out again , cry gaily : dog woman not without the child ! she dive back into the limo and return hold five stuffed dog . as she whisk through the door again , the little girl 's dog fly out of she arm and land in the bush . dr . kirk ( call out ) wait . Dr. kirk wait for the woman to spin back around , but the door stay close . meanwhile , the limo drive off . Dr. kirk look back and forth between the dog and the restaurant entrance . he look through the window for the couple -- rather easy to locate because now they be seat at a table with four colly . he set the mutt next to the door , so it can be find by its owner on the way out . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) tough break , pooch . the other be order steak . he begin to walk away , but turn to look back at the dog . he stand there for a inordinately long time -- wrestle with some kind of question of conscience . then he suddenly come back , snatch up the dog and stride off . dissolve to : int . bar -- night the place be mostly empty . Dr. kirk put the dog on the bar , and take a seat on a stool . a drunk look on from further down . the bartender , 20 , good -look , bemuse , come over . bartender ( after a suitable silence ) what 's with the guard dog ? dr . kirk he be not as ... pretty as the colly . so they dumped he . bartender who dumped he ? dr . kirk his rich , indifferent owner . do not even know he be go . ( look up ) some people should not have dog and other , who truly deserve they , can not have they . bartender like for instance ...? Dr. kirk have to think about it . dr . kirk ... orphan . bartender okay . orphans . dr . kirk orphans do not have beautiful dog with bow on they head . bartender what about Annie ? dr . kirk she 's a exception . ( beat ) and she 's a cartoon . bartender so what be you have ? dr . kirk what 's good ? bartender what 's ' good ' ? gee , scotch be good . vodka . gin be interesting , but my mommy tell I not to serve it to girl , ' cause it show up in the face ... who ask that ? dr . kirk sorry . I do not know that much about drink . I guess I will start with ... vodka . no , scotch . just ... gimme one of each . the bartender stare at he with a bottle in each hand . the drunk in the corner roll he eye . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- morning evy let herself in with a key . evy hello ? leila ? no answer . evy unload a shopping bag of goody in leila 's kitchen : lotion , some pornographic magazine , a video or two , some lingerie . she put a bottle of champagne in the fridge , and be about to do the same with some fresh , raw oyster . paxil jump on a stool . evy ( cont 'd ) hi , postum . paxil stand on he hind leg . evy scoops a few oyster in he bowl . evy ( cont 'd ) they be oyster . you will like them . the phone ring . evy answer on the portable and head for leila 's bedroom with the lingerie . evy ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello ? ( long beat ) you have the wrong number . CUT to : int . leilax bedroom -- continuous evy enter still on the phone , and fish around in leila 's closet for some clothes to " borrow " . evy I say , you have the wrong number . ( beat ) ok . what kind of clown do you want . ( beat ) nope , sorry . he die in a freak piata accident . but thanks for call . she hang up , stuff the scarf she have snare into she bag , and walk back to the kitchen . CUT to : int . leilax kitchen -- continuous evy put the phone down , write " I feed myself " on a Post - it , stick it on the dog , and be out the door . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- day evy enter the muffin shop , not particularly surprised to find a basin fill with grape Kool - Aid , and darcy 's head in it . dottie stand above she monitoring the dye job . customer be unusually perky , as he devour a actual lunch . evy where would he get ... food ? dottie motion toward the kitchen where menu man knead a pile of sourdough . evy be instantly strike by he look . evy ( cont 'd ) who 's he ? darcy a stray . leila adopt he . evy ( to menu man ) hey , who be you ? menu man look up , biceps rippling , chest hair glisten , flour fleck ... menu man strictly " need - to-know " basis . her peek at menu man say " mysterious and cute " . evy ( to girl ) have you guy see leila ? she 's not upstairs . dottie sorry . evy tight ship , as always . this place be like the Microsoft of muffin shop . dottie beam until a glance from darcy let she know that be not a compliment . evy ( cont 'd ) ( to darcy ) Nice ' do . Rack focus past the drip darcy to menu man . a serious look be exchange . evy shudder and leave . CUT to : int . ernest and mammy kitchen -- afternoon mammy duck he head in the refrigerator . mammy you be skin and bone . I be make you a tin roof . leila sit on a stool at the kitchen " island " . mammy pull out hot fudge , ice cream and peanut . mammy ( cont 'd ) it 's you uncle 's favorite . every bite could kill he . leila mammy , you be kind of like a woman , right ? mammy it 's a good thing I love you , dear . leila no , you know what I mean . you be ... softer than uncle . mammy thank you , sweetie . leila you still have sex with he , do not you ? mammy you be aware that normal people do not talk like this ? leila well , when you do , do a big bell go off or something , because I have interview some man and , I do not think I have get a bell , mammy . mammy kiss the top of she head . mammy it 's just in a different key , dear . wait for the right song . int . ernest and mammy house -- afternoon they take they sundae into the live room , where uncle Ernest sit in he half - moon glass read the Wall Street Journal . leila ( jokingly , to mammy ) so how be he , really . uncle ernest ( without look up ) funny . leila plop down next to he . leila I hire somebody new at the muffin shop . uncle ernest bankruptcy lawyer ? leila more of a poet . uncle ernest of course . mammy really , dear , a poet ? what kind ? uncle ernest what kind ? there be no kind . there be good one and bad one . mammy there be rich one and poor one . uncle ernest name a rich one . mammy alright , there be dead one and live one . uncle ernest all the dead one be good one . plus I expect my niece have enough sense to hire a live one . ( to leila ) he be alive , be not he ? leila he 's poor . uncle ernest there . case close . ( of mammy 's tin roof ) do you ever think that I might want one of that ? dissolve to : int . ernest and mammy house -- later pan past leila as she read to she doze uncle . leila ... concern about a overheate economy and inflationary indicator prompt the Federal Reserve to raise short - term interest rate Monday , and while it be not clear whether this be a isolate adjustment or the first in a series of corrective leila measure , economist warn that the stock market be likely to overreact to the news as evidence by the hundred and thirty - six point drop in the Dow yesterday ... Ernest be sound asleep , mammy tuck in against he shoulder . Three empty tin roof glass sit on the table in front of they . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night leila drag herself in , dog-tire and read she mail . she take off paxil 's Post - it , fail to read it , and absently slap it on the refrigerator . she pick up paxil 's bowl and see it 's half full -- of oyster . leila paxil , you feed yourself . what a great dog . leila hit the playback on she answer machine as she sort through the mail . angry voice ( v.o . ) you may think you little crack about the piata accident be funny but I can assure you I do not . as it be , my little Jimmy be go bowl with he sister on he birthday instead of host a fabulous party with all the most popular boy and you clown . hope you be happy -- bitch . as leila stare at the phone , a voice come from the street below . voice ( o.s. ) hello ? hello ? be you there ? leila cross to the window and look down . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night it 's the gingerbread man , carry a shopping bag . leila who be you ? gingerbread man it 's I . slappy . leila you be not slappy . he 's get ... a face . gingerbread man okay , so I be -- the gingerbread man. look . do you think I could come up and change my clothes . please . leila why ? gingerbread man why do I want to , or why should you let I ? leila well , both . gingerbread man I want to because it 's late , and this be New York , and apparently I be even more fun to set on fire than dumpster . a familiar face lean out a upstairs window . man hey you . Ginger snap . gingerbread man what ? man fuck off . gingerbread man o-kay ( to leila ) and ... you should let I because ... because I be a cookie , for christsake . leila do you have a business card ? CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night leila hold the card . gingerbread man ( point to the card ) Eddie . head clown . paxil come up for a sniff . leila paxil . head dog . ( beat ) I be leila . eddie like the song ? leila there 's a song ? Eddie shake he head and motion towards the bathroom . eddie do you think I could , uh ... leila oh sure , help yourself . Eddie head off with he shopping bag . leila sniff at the odd stuff in the dog 's food bowl . she 's about to place the bowl back on the floor when she notice the porn magazine . Eddie step out of the bathroom . he have evolve from the gingerbread man into a calvin klein ad : dark jeans , tight white t-shirt ; a face . leila hide the magazine behind she back with one hand and continue to hold the bowl with the other . eddie ( eyeing leila 's bowl ) what be you have ? leila shove it aside . leila I change my mind . would you , uh , like ... anything ? at all ? I mean , along the line of ... milk ? eddie do you have anything along the line of ... tequila . leila there 's a bottle of scotch , but it 's ten year old . and it warn you on the label it be eighteen to begin with . a disarming smile from Eddie . leila ( cont 'd ) what ? eddie nothing . leila ( be - cupboard ) it 's up there . leila stashes the porno as he retrieve the bottle -- very expensive . Eddie pour two glass and plop one in front of leila , who 's reasonably well discombobulate . eddie look like you could use some too . leila I have not have any since I be eighteen . alcohol . eddie twelve step ? leila Three . I get dumped . I get depressed . I drank a gallon of Blue nun . since then , I have not have the same desire . ( flustered ) for it . eddie what kind of peckerhead would dump a babe like you ? leila I bet you say that to all the girl . leila bolt she drink . dissolve to : int . leilax loft -- later leila sit very still , a spoon hang precariously from she nose . leila uh , luxembourg . Eddie sit very still , a spoon hang precariously from he nose . eddie G-Gabon . leila " N " . okay , Nepal . eddie lesotho . leila raise she eyebrow . that be a good one . she think long and hard . she 's not completely sober . leila " o " . there be not any " of " 's . Eddie hand she a shot . eddie drink up . leila wait . Okinawa . eddie not a country . leila ( pouty ) I know . I think you would not . she take the spoon off she nose . eddie that 's another shot . leila no fair . you have do this before . leila downs she drink and watch as Eddie head to the fridge . do that jeans just get tighter ? eddie more ice . Eddie reach for the ice , but pull out and admire the dom perignon . eddie ( cont 'd ) for someone who do not drink you do not drink the best . but you be probably save this . leila be now officially waste . she semi-stagger to a more comfortable couch in the live area . leila ( more pouty ) no I be not . I do not even know how it get there . but we should drink it all , immediately , and be do with it . we hear the pop of a champagne cork , some rummage around . eddie ( o.s. ) " I feed myself " ? leila good for you . Eddie bring two glass to the couch , along with another Post - it . eddie " have a girl " ? leila I be try , okay ? do not pressure I . eddie ( suddenly serious ) you be marry . leila yuk . eddie Gay ? leila shake she head . eddie ( cont 'd ) help I out here , leila . leila put down the glass and begin to kiss she own hand , passionately , with tongue . leila that 's my sex life . ( beat ) I be a total ... virgin . she move closer to he on the couch , as he eye go wide . leila ( cont 'd ) show I what to do . not quite sure what she mean , but completely turn on . eddie well , you mouth be a little ... slack . you might want to put some muscle in it . he demonstrate a great , taut kiss on he own hand . leila shake she head and point to she own lip . leila show I . Eddie lean over and kiss she with enthusiasm . when they come up for air , leila get to she foot and take he hand . leila ( cont 'd ) you will do . dissolve to : int . leilax bedroom -- morning camera pan leila 's loft , past the live area , past a empty champagne bottle , past clothes strewn on the floor to ... leila , who lie sprawle on she bed . her eye crack open and she be hit with the queasy sensation of she life 's second brutal hangover . a Post - it be stick to she forehead . she pull it off and read it : insert : " I undress myself " bleary -ey and nauseous , she stumble out of bed and head for the bathroom . another Post - it be stick to the mirror : insert : " no . we do not . " paxil walk in and look at she plaintively . he , too , have a Post - it : insert : " oman " . CUT to : int . dr . kirk office -- morning leila , look positively green , sit opposite Dr. kirk . the dog rest conspicuously on the desk between they . they both try to ignore it . dr kirk so you do not actually ... have sex , then . leila not accord to the evidence . dr . kirk good ! I mean , well most people like to at least remember they first time so they can pretend year later that they enjoy it . leila he barely touch I . I mean , this man -- this live , cute man -- show up at my door -- no interview -- nothing , and ... and I wake up with a leila hangover , and a Post - it stick on my head . ( beat ) intact . dr . kirk so he 's a fool . leila actually , he 's a clown . dr . kirk subtle distinction . leila take off she sunglass , and lean in . leila I want tip . hard tip . hard as bullet . right between the eye . I want it to be scary . dr . kirk tip ? leila position . good one . dr . kirk you do realize that I be not a fertility expert ? leila you be expert enough . I want to know where to put what for one - shot , girl - produce , impregnation . I may not get that many chance . huge pause . dr . kirk and I have to answer you ? leila you be my doctor . if only that be not true . dr . kirk yes . well , there be a school of think which believe that ... conception ... may be more likely to occur if one be to ... well if you be to get up on one 's ... uh , kirk nod discreetly towards the dog . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) all four ... help to ... retain , uh , sperm , near the ... cervix . leila sperm near the cervix . check . dr . kirk and then ... after ... you might want to roll over on one 's ... leila back ? dr . kirk good . so that you long ... you , uh ... be up in the air . leila my leg ? dr . kirk that would be fine . nowhere near as embarrassed as kirk , but get there . leila straight up ? dr . kirk hugging you ... awkwardly gesture . leila my breast ? dr . kirk okay . leila and ? dr . kirk and -- gravity take over . leila so that 's it ? dr . kirk that 's it . leila do not sound like much fun . dr . kirk speak for yourself . leila could I use you bathroom ? I need to throw up . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- day leila return to a spotless apartment ; a far cry from the train wreck she leave this morning . mammy , in a tasteful pattern apron , stand over the sink do dish . leila mammy . what be you do ? mammy orderly home , orderly life . really , dear , this be quite appall . leila could you stop ? mammy last few . leila I mean it mammy . please ! every time I make a mess , you clean it up . which make I feel like a child . which I be not . which make I feel like a failure . which lead to make mess . which you clean up . do you see what I mean ? I do not have a orderly life ! she succeed in wrestle away the plate , which she drop , which shatter . leila plop down on the couch . mammy bad night , dear ? mammy clean up the mess with a broom . leila I get drunk and kiss a clown . mammy but that 's wonderful . leila I go to the doctor . mammy you do not need a doctor . leila I get worse at the doctor 's . mammy come over and tuck she head against he shoulder . mammy it 's about love , be not it ? that sickly blue sheen under you skin . a affair of the heart can make you wretchedly blue . people have perish . mammy take she hand , massage it earnestly . leila retract she hand and feel she face . leila it 's alcohol . not love . mammy nothing wrong with a splash of champagne in moderation and on the right occasion . leila what about a tidal wave of scotch ? mammy wash away the inhibition . very instrumental in the bedding of you uncle . and look how that turn out . mammy take leila 's hand again . suddenly : mammy ( cont 'd ) oh , Lord , you uncle . the fitting ! mammy jump into action . leila what 's " the fitting ? " mammy baby sister 's big day ? maid of honor ? I leave Ernest in a Love car . today 's the final fitting . leila the final . when be the first ? mammy well , honey , you be not the bride . ( quickly ) of course you will be one . again . where 's everyone 's jacket ? he find he on a chair . leila look , just bring I a dress . I do not care if it fit . hustling she out the door . mammy yumi katsura wait for no one . ( gossipy ) she outfit the nutcracker . CUT to : int . love cab -- day crawl up madison Avenue in heavy traffic , uncle Ernest , mammy and leila sit in morose gloom . leila still look like death warm over . uncle ernest I do not see how one person can forget about another person when that person be sit downstairs in a cab . for a hour . mammy twenty minute , top . uncle ernest forty buck , minimum . leila where 's evy ? mammy you tell she . uncle ernest ( shrugging ) she 's not in the mood . leila it 's she wedding . I be not in the mood . mammy the important thing be , the only thing be , there 's go to be a wedding . uncle Ernest glower at he . mammy stare straight on . leila what about she dress ? uncle ernest tell she . mammy you tell she . leila tell I what . uncle Ernest stare straight on . leila look back and forth . leila ( cont 'd ) ( appal ) no . absolutely not . I do not wear gowns . uncle ernest you can and you will . CUT to : int . yumi katsura -- day it 's a expensive wedding cake of a store , adorn with cappuccino color carpete and a headless mannequin wear a two hundred thousand dollar simple white gown . Harp muzak drone in the background . mammy lead they through the front door . mammy ( smoothing ruffle feather ) do not worry , you be more or less the same size . except for the rise . except there be no rise . except for the little white panty . and you want you own little white panty . leila ( practically barfing ) please . the scotch ... this language ? I would rather die . she try to leave . they yank she back in . a refine woman -- more like a mother of the bride than a shop clerk -- rise to greet they . clerk be this the joyful bride ? leila no. clerk do I detect a few jitter ? uncle ernest you detect a bottle of scotch . leila where 's the dumb dress ? uncle ernest please forgive my extra niece . she pooh - pooh love and marriage . clerk ( knowingly ) ah , the single sister of the bride . poor child . uncle ernest for this ' poor ' child , we will also need something white . as we mention , we be plan a all - white wedding . this one actually be a virgin . the bride , of course , be not . mammy Ernest ... clerk ( reassuringly ) do not worry . when a young woman put on a wedding dress , even if it 's someone else 's , she whole demeanor be positively transformed . you will see . dissolve to : int . yumi katsura / dressing room -- day to the tune of " go to the Chapel " as if it be spit out by a seethe Courtney Love : the clerk yank leila into a white lace push - up bustier . so far , it 's do zip to transform she demeanor . White slip , crinoline , shoe , stocking , glove , garter , pearl be present for leila 's approval . she do not approve . CUT to : int . yumi katsura / waiting room -- day mammy take all kind of time select accessory . he 's as happy as pork . Ernest sit nearby , drink cappuccino and read the paper . could not be more bored . CUT to : int . yumi katsura / dressing room -- day the clerk demonstrate how leila should dive into the dress . leila comply with a cannonball . as two hundred button be fastened onto they loop -- she chest heave portentously . " go to the Chapel " end like someone drag the needle across the record and smashed it . dissolve to : int . yumi katsura / waiting room -- day reestablish harp muzak . leila be present to uncle Ernest and mammy . from the neck down , she be bride 's Magazine . from the neck up , she be bride of Satan . she be haul to a six - way mirror , where it 's time to choose a veil . if look could kill , they would all be dead meat . leila put she hand urgently over she mouth , like she eat dead meat . CUT to : ext . leilax stoop -- night the abandon Boy and girl emerge from the shadow to swipe a handful of today 's uneaten muffins . menu man observe the scene through the store 's front window . pan over to find leila on the stoop , wear wraparound , wash down vitamin C with milk . it 's raining gently . she 's raining gently . leila look up as a gladiator walk down the street towards she . leila spartacus ? eddie it 's I . Eddie . leila oh . you look like spartacus . but then , you look like a lot of people . eddie why be you take vitamin ? leila so I do not catch cold . eddie why're you cry ? leila because I barf on my sister 's wed - ding dress . eddie ( sympathetically ) I get puke on all the time . nobody ever cry about it . leila well I be . ( beat ) you be try to make I say that I be cry , I be really cry , because ... I be once a kid . with parent . that I once have secret hope and dream . that one of that dream might have be a wedding and a dress and maybe even a groom to go with it . ( decisively ) but I be afraid that 's not it . it 's that I throw up on my sister 's dress . my uncle will have it clean . but still , my sister , my baby sister , have to get marry in a dress that I barf on . ( beat ) if you barf on it , they make you buy it . eddie bastard . CUT to : int . bar -- night bartender hand a drink to the ever- present drunk guy on a corner stool . meanwhile , off -camera , a half - bag patron open a vein and spill he gut . dr . kirk ( o.s. ) ... one look I be talk about -- one -- and suddenly I be in the vortex of some giant , suck , unfathomably forceful ... force . remember the undertoad ? swing around to find Dr. kirk in he cup . the bar be mostly empty . bartender no. dr kirk except this be more like a good , nice hopeful toad ... bartender we be still talk about the virgin , right ? dr kirk more like -- a great , big , thunder speed ball of a rush , toady , flood . do you know that feel ? bartender lust ? dr . kirk dread . the kind of dread that perfect woman inspire . the kind that cave in you lung and make you head explode . bartender ( a " I would not know " shrug ) I be marry . dr . kirk she write five tv show word on my blackboard , and I run with it . Boy do I run with it . and all of a sudden it 's high school gym class and I be naked in front of the guy . bartender ( head for the drunk guy ) let it out . CUT to : ext . leilax stoop -- night leila 's head rest on spartacus ' shoulder -- he cape around both of they . leila I do not completely remember last night . eddie you be toast . leila I guess I should thank you for be such a gentleman . eddie you be a little bit unconscious . they have law about that now . leila gee , you be like a perfect clown . Eddie look at she meaningfully . eddie I be not a clown now . leila no . you be a vulcanize gladiator . I see the movie . eddie touch my chest . she run she hand over he rubberize bod . leila so cold and synthetic . eddie but inside I be a man . if you prick I do I not bleed ? leila ( fishing ) if you ... bite I will I not hang upside down in cave ? Hand to he scabbard . eddie let 's draw the sword . leila you would be so shamelessly use ? eddie I be spartacus . leila ( my hero ) you really deserve to wear the skirt . crane up as he sweep she into he arm and head up the stair . CUT to : int . bar -- night Dr. kirk be a few more sheet to the wind . dr . kirk and you know who choose that dapple grey leather jacket in lieu of plain black or even brown ? bartender shake he head hopelessly . while kirk drone on , bartender begin to collect the dead soldier litter in front of he : something that come with a umbrella ; a empty martini glass with olive ; salt , the detritus of a margarita . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I do . to save my poor , overworked mother sixty - nine buck . which she would gladly have fork over to have a kid with a friend . bartender head towards the drunk guy at the end of the bar . kirk pick up he drink and head after he . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I drag my ass around school look like a roan . or be that a palomino ? one guy call I ' beaver boy ' , which be later truncate to ' beave ' by some but ' asshole ' by most . Dr. kirk stop in mid-ramble . he look up at the bartender and blink . dr kirk hey , would you like to be my buddy ? bartender you be not a natural at this , be you ? dr . kirk I be a gynecologist . I do not meet guy . ( beat ) you know that guy who say " I be not a doctor but I play one on tv ? " bartender yeah ? dr . kirk well , screw he . if I do not have fifty - seven precious new life to bring into this sinkholed , blowhol , insect - swarm world , I would come in here every day , and drink stuff , and hope I drown . bartender lean over . bartender so what 's you name anyway ? dr . kirk it 's beverly . bartender bolt a drink of he own . bartender well -- beverly -- have this be a fair representation of the approach you take with the chick ? dr . kirk who care ? to she I be just a head with a glove . bartender right . ( beat ) I assume , be a Doctor , you have access to a stomach pump ? and a buttload of aspirin ? dr . kirk ( oblivious , look at he drink ) hey this one 's good . what 's it call ? bartender a Manhattan . kirk finish he drink and fish in the glass for dessert . cu : the gleam , red cherry . CUT to : int . leilax bedroom -- night camera at floor level look through the leg of the television stand towards the unmade bed . active lovemake noise be hear . crane up past the back of the tv to find : paxil sit on the bed , in spartacus ' shield , watch the screen . leila , incongruously attire in a sexy nightgown and sock , emerge from the bathroom brush she tooth . she point she foamy brush to the erotic video , and talk to she dog . leila see that ? I could have do that . I would have do that . leila ( beat ) and that ? -- that 's the one I be gonna use . a odd expression crease she face . leila ( cont 'd ) I would not have do that . God , I can not believe anyone do that . she sit on the bed , still watch , still brush . leila ( cont 'd ) you have to admit , there 's something comical about the whole procedure . I mean , look at they face . she switch off the video and head back to the bathroom . leila ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so all of a sudden he 's Mr. serious . paxil sit faithfully , none the wiser . CUT to : ext . central park -- day a quarterback drop back and heave a long spiral down the field . just before it settles into the receiver 's hand , evy 's fiance donald come out of nowhere to deflect the ball away . a six - on- six game of touch football be in progress in the dirt and mud of Central Park . as the team trot back to they huddle , Donald look over to the sideline where evy and leila sit on blanket . a couple of other spectator look on . evy good play , donald ! resuming a previous conversation , intimate , sisterly . evy ( cont 'd ) ( to leila , prompt ) so what happen then ? I need detail . leila then ...he take off he helmet and shield . evy and ...? leila and ...he kiss I . a lot . all over . evy you be awake ? leila nod . evy ( cont 'd ) that 's so great . ( lean closer ) okay . breastplate -- on or off ? leila off . evy God , it 's like high school . ( beat ) do he take it out ? leila eventually . it get stick in the loincloth . evy do you touch it ? leila I laugh at it . evy ( incredulous ) no you do not . leila he take it out . I laugh . he leave . that 's all . leila start to crack up . evy that 's all ? leila well . I sorta say it look like a dog balloon . ( beat ) a dachshund . they completely lose it . Donald make a diving catch in the endzone with a defender drape all over he . he spike the ball between he leg , shoot the defender with a imaginary gun , blow away the imaginary smoke and holster the imaginary finger . he 's entirely pleased with himself . leila ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he 's quite graceful . evy ( o.s. ) and rich . and gorgeous . and perfect in bed . Donald finish he endzone dance and see he fiance apparently overcome by the magnificence of himself . donald ( to leila ) be not she great ? evy be sobbing on leila 's shoulder . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- afternoon darcy collect two blt 's from menu man and deliver they to a couple in the corner . the customer occupy he usual spot at the counter . the place have come alive , somewhat . leila enter and look around , follow by evy , look miserable , and Donald , oblivious . darcy hi , boss . have not see you in a while . leila who be this people ? dottie customer . leila when do we get ... customer ? dottie indicate menu man , who walk out from behind the counter . menu man here 's the deal , Harvard . from now on , the menu 's whatever I decide to cook . I set the price accord to who 's buy . lawyer can no longer afford to eat here . donald hey . I be a lawyer . who be this guy ? evy he hate that question . leila ( to evy ) how would you know ? menu man I get no salary , but ten percent of the gross . we be close on wednesday because I do not like wednesday and we be close on Sunday because I do like Sunday . donald ( a attempt at wit ) somebody put the " dick " in dictator . menu man quiet , junior . I do all the shopping , I eat for free and I live for free in that two room behind the kitchen . it 's possible that I will leave at any time . do we have a understanding ? donald be you want or something ? evy ( disgust ) good one , Donald . donald I be just ask . leila he 's a poet . darcy say " yes " , boss . leila can you get they here by 6:00 a.m .? nose ring ... set and shine ? menu man doubtful . very , very doubtful . so . who 's hungry ? donald I could eat . menu man what about you ? I do not know how to price you meal . turn around to find Eddie , as " the defender " , approach . eddie leila ? leila ah , Eddie . eddie listen , I do not know what get into I last night . I be just not use to be ... laugh at . leila some clown ! dottie last night ? leila it 's a long story . darcy cross to ogle the defender . darcy so this be slappy ? leila the good name be take . dottie ( to leila ) you be not really go through with it , be you ? darcy ( to dottie ) be you nut ? leila that 's what I do , dottie . I go through with thing . usually . ( hustling he out the door ) could we , uh ...? pull he outside . CUT to : ext . muffin shop -- afternoon they stand just beyond the door . eddie leila , you know , I be beginning to feel a little bit ... objectify here . a small hand tug on the defender 's cape . then two small hand . boy defender ? Eddie turn to find the twinkie-eating kid . eddie ( sarcastic ) oh good . Children . boy be you really the defender ? eddie sure . why not . boy then you gotta help she . she 's sick . close on : the little girl . CUT to : int . dr . kirk exam room -- evening cu : Little girl 's mouth with a thermometer in it . Dr. kirk take and read it , drop it in a beaker of disinfectant . leila how be she ? dr . kirk mildly hypothermic . a little weak . she will be fine . Eddie scrub out he cape in the sink . eddie they always feel better after they throw up on I . dr . kirk who be you again ? eddie Eddie . leila head clown . dr . kirk ah . Jack go to the blackboard and stare at the word and symbol draw there . Dr. kirk cover Red with a blanket . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) ( to Red ) somebody must be worried about you . what 's you name ? jack I be Jack . she 's red. nobody 's worried . dr . kirk I see . kirk pick up the phone . jack ( like he can see out of the back of he head ) you call the cop , or anyone like the cop , we be go . dr . kirk ( put down the phone ) would not think of it . kirk go over to Red , take from Eddie the speculum he have begin to play with . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I bet you mommy ... ( quick glance at Eddie ) really miss you . do you remember you address ? jack she zipped she lip . try to connect ... dr . kirk really ? you know I use to do that , too . I once zipped mine for about a month . ( lean in ) so , where 's the secret key ? jack ( matter -of -factly ) it 's a zipper , not a lock . Point take . dr . kirk okay . then what about you ? what 's you address ? jack same as hers . we be twin . as Jack put he arm around she , it 's pretty hard to miss the difference in they race . dr . kirk great . that make it easy . so where do you and you ... sister live ? jack nowhere . they take a moment to soak that one in . eddie well , on that note ... Eddie hop off the counter . eddie ( cont 'd ) see ya , kid . bye leila , doc . ( mock heroic ) somewhere there 's a wrong to be righted . Eddie exit . jack be he you boyfriend ? leila I do not have boyfriend , Jack . kirk look hurt . jack he 's not really a superhero , you know . dr . kirk not by a long stretch . leila look hurt . kirk turn back to Red . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) so ... Red spy the stuff dog on the cabinet and run over to hug it . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) ... my dog . I be go to mention he . jack that 's her dog . dr . kirk okay . ( to Red ) then will you take good care of he ? even if he 's not a purebred ? he zipped he lip too . Jack and Red play with the dog . ( note : we will never again see Red without the dog . ) leila they have get to have parent somewhere . dr . kirk they have barely get name . leila look at kirk , then at the child . she reach a decision . leila Jack , Red -- you be stay with I tonight . okay ? jack you get cable ? CUT to : omitted int . leilax loft -- night leila enter , hold a sleep Red in she arm . kirk follow , lead a sleepy Jack by the hand . leila let I just tuck she in . Jack , you room 's down the hall . leila carry Red into she bedroom . kirk stay behind with Jack who look completely terrify at the think of sleep alone . jack ( nonchalant ) I be just gonna wait and make sure everything 's cool . dr . kirk I understand . Jack walk around the live room pick up stuff , put it down . jack you never know what 's gonna happen . dr . kirk that 's true . jack I be not even that tired . kirk go over to the stalling Jack . dr . kirk you be a brave guy , Jack . you take good care of you sister . can I shake you hand ? they shake . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I be think , though . what if Red wake up and you be not there . she might get scared . Jack look at he with a glimmer of hope . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I know you would rather have you own room , but do you think , for tonight , you might stay with she -- you know , protect she . Jack muse for about a second , and then book into the bedroom , past leila who have witness most of this exchange . she follow he to the back . CUT to : int . leilax bedroom -- night leila look down at the sleep kid . leila please do not get s.i.d.s. , or ringworm , or sleep apnea or anything else bad , or fatal , or indictable while you be in my house . or. not in my house . actually , just do not get anything , anywhere . ok . amen . turn around to find paxil . leila ( cont 'd ) paxil . you watch they . leila start to leave ... leila ( cont 'd ) no sleep . paxil look up to the challenge . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night kirk admire the mobile in the live room , as leila return . dr . kirk asleep ? leila nod . kirk spin the hang sculpture . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) this be nice . it 's like a little story . leila when evy and I be kid we use to think we father be a astronaut , ' cause there be always space suit lie around . his real job be to make sure the visor on the helmet do not steam up . dr . kirk ( pointedly ) not everyone 's a star . a beat , as leila move to the couch . leila what 's gonna to happen to they ? dr . kirk I do not know . I will make some call . leila I think they should stay here for a while . it will be good practice for I . dr . kirk what about you ... mission ? leila I can postpone that . still , I think Eddie 's a excellent choice . he can name almost every country . dr . kirk and people be quick to criticize genetic engineering . leila I be serious . dr . kirk all right , seriously then . I would have to say the ... clown in question be not a excellent choice . less than excellent , in fact . actually -- insane . stupendously , mind -numbingly insane . Rolling now ... dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) you do not " practice " on child , leila . and you do not pick daddy off a wheaty box . the only thing more idiotic than let that guy touch you be let he father you child , and the only thing dumber than that be you have a child in the first place . leila cross to the corner . leila be that a medical opinion ? dr . kirk no . would you like one . leila umm . kirk chase she as she move over to the " safety " of she mobile . dr . kirk life be not a balance sheet , leila . Babies do not offset dead parent , and random ... guy ... do not make up for bust heart . look . you do not come to my office for position or ... pregnancy kit . you know all that stuff when you be fifteen . leila really ? then why do I come . dr . kirk for some sort of permission . leila I be not aware you need a note from you doctor to lose you virginity . dr . kirk no . people manage to do that all the time . but you want it nice and tidy . no fear . leila I do . dr . kirk when I be about four , my mother be pregnant with my little sister . she ask I if I want to touch she stomach and I burst out cry . I think she have swallow a baby and that she be go to swallow I . leila turn she back on he and fiddle with the mobile . leila so ? Close behind she ... in she ear ... dr . kirk so she tell I she love I more than anything and that I have nothing to be scared of . beat . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) the reason I know -- I mean absolutely know -- that you can love somebody again leila ... be that you be so completely afraid to . leila start to turn ... leila why be you do this to I ? kirk give she a passionate and unexpected kiss . for a moment , it take . then leila 's eye go wide . they be both take aback . leila ( cont 'd ) please ... I can not . Long silence . kirk move away . leila ( cont 'd ) look , I tell you from the beginning ... dr . kirk I know . you do not do love . ( beat ) you ask about a medical opinion -- here it be . the only know treatment for fear -- be love . but it do not work if you spit out the pill . leila I be sorry . a long look at she . then , with finality : dr . kirk know what ? I too . he snag he jacket and head for the door . CUT to : ext / int . leilax loft -- night the twin watch from the window as Dr. kirk hail a cab . they look at each other , disappointed . fade to black : fade in : int . leilax loft -- morning cu : leila 's face as she sleep , not all that comfortably , on the couch in the live room . one eye pop open . turn around to find Jack and Red stare at she , bright - eye and bushy -taile . we do not get the sense that leila be a morning person . leila what do you want ? beat . jack meat loaf . leila ponder she first parental decision . leila okay . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- morning two bowl of oatmeal hit the table in front of the kid . Jack look up at dottie with regret . jack what a rip . dottie sorry . order . dottie look over she shoulder at menu man , who smile and shake he head at leila . menu man get up on the stupid side of the bed this morning , Harvard ? leila oh , excuse I , Mr. perfect . not all of we have mother , you know . menu man like I do ? Jack call out from the booth . jack can we get some coffee here ? leila okay . menu man scowl at she . leila ( cont 'd ) ( sternly , to kid ) decaf . as leila look back for approval , evy emerge from menu man 's room , hastily put herself together . it 's pretty clear she spend the night . leila ( cont 'd ) evy ? Deer in the headlight . stun look from everyone in the room , except , of course , menu man , who be inscrutable as always . evy oh . ah. very awkward moment . ( motion towards the back room ) the , uh , room back there ... evy ( clear throat ) I think maybe I should , uh . right . here 's the funny part . um ... okay , fuck it . evy head for the door . blank stare from the crowd , include the ubiquitous customer . darcy give evy a very discreet thumb -up . jack fuck it . CUT to : ext . new york STREET -- day evy and leila walk down the street carry shopping bag fill with wedding purchase . evy pass fling . that 's all . a little pre-meal snack . why torture myself ? so I lose my mind a little , so what . perfectly natural . probably even healthy in the long run . let 's just not everybody go to piece over this , okay ... evy and leila walk out of frame as evy 's voice drift away . a moment layer Jack and Red enter frame happily eat hot pretzel and mustard . CUT to : int . dr . kirk waiting room -- day busy day in the wait room . the supersoaker kid and he equally obnoxious chum play toss with a plastic vagina . kirk intercept , and scold one of the monster . he be not a happy camper . dr . kirk this be not a toy . okay ? do you understand ? you could seriously hurt somebody with one of this . he hold out the vagina to nurse -- who refuse to take it . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) where 's Mrs. Peters ? nurse exam room B. kirk look around for a place to stow the vagina , settling on a end table . dr . kirk ten minute , kid . then we be out of here . okay ? Jack and Red sit patiently in the corner . kirk depart as the supersoaker kid get off a squirt in Red 's direction . Jack jump up and matter - of - factly grab the toy from the kid 's hand . jack I do not like gun . gun scare girl . not as much as Jack scare he . CUT to : int . ernest and mammy house -- evening leila read Dante to uncle Ernest and mammy . leila ( with a increasingly disgust expression ) " we now have leave he , pass on we way , when I beheld two spirit by the ice pent in one hollow , that the head of one be cowl unto the other ; and as bread be raven'd up through hunger , the uppermost do so apply he fang to the other 's brain , where the spine join it . " she look up to find she uncle asleep in they chair , hold Jack and Red who be wide - eye , loving it , and ready for more . CUT to : int . bar -- night cu : kirk 's unhappy face , stare straight ahead . shot widen to include Red on he leave and Jack on he right , imitate he sullen expression . kirk take a sip of beer , the kid take a sip of shirley Temple . bartender and drunk guy take it all in with a shake of they head . CUT to : int . leilax loft -- night leila sit with paxil talk on the portable phone . leila listen , Eddie . I appreciate what you ... almost do to I -- I do . oh , and under the cape ? very impressive . I know , I have see video . certainly do not mean to laugh . this just be not a good time for I -- at all -- and , well , thank you . you have be very kind . ( about to sign off ) oh , by the way . a Mrs. schwartz be look for two clown next Tuesday . I say you be excellent . we hear the sound of Eddie 's answer machine beep . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- afternoon Jack attempt to show menu man that he can flip a pancake . the result wind up mostly on customer . dottie do a tarot read for a completely terrify red. leila tend to the few patron that be there , as kirk enter . Red run over to hug he leg , but catch he in a sensitive spot instead . dr . kirk ow . Red look sad . kirk tussle she head . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) it 's okay , honey . ( eye contact with leila ) even...metaphorical . Jack join the group . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) you two ready ? leila I think they could stay with I tonight . dr . kirk that 's not the arrangement , leila . leila well I do not really think they need to spend another night in a bar . dr . kirk certainly not when they could be listen to bedtime storey -- about the damnation of they immortal soul . leila drop down to kid level . leila how ' bout it , guy . do you want to stay here ? I rent " toy Story " . oh , yeah ... dr . kirk well . that 's very ... average . also drop down to kid level . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) I buy a trampoline . the one - up battle begin . leila ( to the kid ) you can have popcorn and cocoa . as much as you want . dr . kirk ( to the kid ) how ' bout whopper and beer ? leila I will let you stay up all night . ( to kirk ) plus I have a dog . hard to top that . dr . kirk I will let you drive . not that hard . they stand up and go nose to nose . leila I be sorry I ever let you talk to I in the park that day . dr . kirk for the record , you do not . leila and you should not have kiss I . dr . kirk why ? no fright wig ? leila well I be keep Jack and Red . I find them . dr . kirk they be not you kid , leila . leila yeah , well . they be not anybody 's kid . as shame and regret cloud she face , she look around the room for help which do not arrive . leila ( cont 'd ) wait . that 's not what I mean . ( call after ) Red ! Red and Jack have already take menu man by the hand and be walk away towards he " apartment " . menu man cast a disapprove stare over he shoulder . CUT to : ext . central park / alice in wonderland statue -- afternoon pour rain at the alice in wonderland statue of leila 's youth . Red and Jack sit with leila under Alice 's big toadstool . Red turn to leila and bury herself under she arm . Jack move closer . the wind howl . jack why be you mad at the doctor ? leila I be not mad at he , Jack . jack scare ? leila no ! jack he 's the best one . he help my sister . and he shook my hand . leila it 's just that I make a promise to myself , Jack . and keep the promise you make , even if you do not feel like it anymore , be ... very , very important . red ( beat ) why ? leila look down at she in shock . she 's never look sadder . they fall into a deep huddle against the wind and rain . leila take off she scarf and wrap it around Jack and Red as best she can . fade out : fade in : ext . church -- morning beautiful sunshine fall on the same church leila do not get marry in twelve year ago . CUT to : int . church / dressing room -- morning on the accoutrement of a imminent marriage : ribbon - wrap box of shoe , glove , pearl and the wedding dress itself , still in its dry clean plastic . wide to include evy at the mirror adjust she bustier . leila open box nearby . evy you breast be bigger than mine . that piss I off . leila they're mother 's . evy ( look down ) so whose be this ? leila Donald 's . evy make a face . leila look gorgeous in a clingy silk - satin knockout sheath . she take off a gold chain and fasten it to she sister 's neck . leila ( cont 'd ) something borrow . leila look around the room for ... leila ( cont 'd ) something ... blue . they smile simultaneously . leila / evy ( point at each other ) you ! evy something ... barf on . ( brightly ) my dress ! evy reach into she purse and take a nip from a flask of scotch . off leila 's surprised look , she proffer the flask ... evy ( cont 'd ) something old ? CUT to : int . church / hallway -- day mammy pace outside the close dress room door , occasionally press he ear against it . uncle Ernest , resplendent in he morning coat , find he eavesdropp . uncle ernest oh God . not girl talk . mammy let they be . this be a precious time for sister . ignoring all that , Ernest go up and beat on the door . uncle ernest ten minute . as he walk away , Ernest tap on he digital watch and hold it to he ear . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) I like time better when it tick . CUT to : int . church / dressing room -- day evy continue with she preparation , though at a decidedly less enthusiastic pace . leila be sit on a couch . leila so how do you know that Donald be ... the one ? evy eye she skeptically . leila ( cont 'd ) I mean , I could tell he be the one who be ... tall . and very handsome . but be he secretly funny and sweet ? evy well that do not jump right out at you . leila smart ? evy hah . leila what , then ? evy think long and hard . evy we just belong together . ( reversing tone ) and I resent you implication . evy Donald 's go to be a huge success ... and he love I to piece . I be probably the luckiest girl in the world . CUT to : int . church / hallway -- day uncle Ernest return in high dither , tapping he damn watch . uncle ernest tell I this , mammy . how do two old queer wind up with daughter ? mammy God 's little joke . uncle ernest well they be a pain in the butt . mammy of course they be , dear . but one must be kind and encourage they . menu man , stun in a suit , emerge from yet another door with Jack , look good in a morning coat and backwards baseball cap , and Red , in she usual tom - boy gear . he hand Red 's little white dress to Ernest . menu man you turn . we try . he exit a side door . uncle ernest ( of the child ) what be this ? mammy grandchild . uncle ernest oh good . Ernest take the dress and lead Red down the hall . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) mammy . if they be not out of there in two minute , break down the door . they disappear around a corner . uncle ernest ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) but all the girl be wear white dress . that 's the point . CUT to : int . church / dressing room -- day leila and evy be both plopped on the floor pass the flask back and forth . evy I could be make a big mistake . leila I too . evy this be not about you . leila sorry . Long pause . evy leila , be this how you feel before you ... almost get marry ? leila no . I feel beautiful . I feel perfect . evy well that fuck up . leila thanks . evy ponder . evy no . that 's good . see , you be really happy and the guy bail , and I be really ... drunk . so this be good . this be fine . one more pass of the flask while the sister try to digest the logic of that . CUT to : omitted int . church / hallway -- day mammy retreat to the hallway as Ernest emerge from he battle with Red , carry she dress . uncle ernest stubborn little monster . she will not put the dress on or talk to I . kirk enter the hallway from the church . Red rush to he . dr . kirk here . let I . uncle ernest be my guest . kirk take the dress into Red 's room . uncle ernest ( cont 'd ) do we know any of this people ? mammy that 's Dr. beverly . CUT to : int . church -- day mammy peek out at the gather congregation . the groom 's side look snooty and well - dress ; the bride 's considerably more casual . we spot a few familiar face -- among they , dottie , darcy , and the customer . not a big crowd . mammy return . CUT to : int . church / hallway -- day a moment later the door to the bride 's room open . all eye turn as evy and leila , bride and may of honor , emerge -- have make a humongous effort towards sobriety . mammy oh my God , you look like a angel . uncle ernest could we get on with this ? Ernest walk evy into the church . now another door open and Red walk out , look pretty in she white dress . leila Red , you be beautiful . she glance uncertainly at kirk . dr . kirk so be you . mammy clap he hand . mammy okay . all in you place with sunshiny face . dr . kirk ( to Red ) c'mon pumpkin kirk walk Red into the chapel . mammy linger a moment , then follow . leila stand alone in the doorway . CUT to : int . church -- day leila enter the staging area behind a curtain to find Ernest look at he watch and mammy fussing over evy , who nervously call out to she big sister . evy leila ? leila take she by the hand and they walk to the corner of the curtain . evy take a deep breath and try to compose herself . then ... evy ( cont 'd ) shit . leila evy ? evy grab leila 's sleeve . evy I forget to write my vow . we be suppose to write vow . evy scoot across the back of the church , swipe a pen from the guest book , and dash past leila , mammy and Ernest towards the dress room , almost bump into menu man who have return from outside carry the ring pillow . he give she a killer smile . menu man hey , little Harvard . evy make a tiny , plaintive noise and quicken she pace . evy oh no . no no no no no . Ernest , who will give evy away , look in bewilderment towards he " normal " niece , while mammy peek down the aisle . uncle ernest I be amaze they still let heterosexuals marry . uncle ernest ( beat ) be the groom at least here , this time ? mammy Pov : Donald and the best man ( previously see as quarterback ) , stand at the altar , exchange discreet little punch and try not to laugh . both be wear sunglass , evidently to hide the aftermath of last night 's bachelor blowout . mammy oh , he 's here . uncle ernest when evy divorce he and remarry , do you realize we will have at least one more of this . mammy you pessimism have no place at this ceremony . the wedding March begin . CUT to : int . church -- day menu man , as usher , escort mammy , as mother of the bride , to he seat . the wedding procession begin : Jack and Red as flower child lead uncle Ernest and evy down the center aisle . at the altar , Ernest hand evy off to the groom -- still yukking it up with he best man , still sport the shade . evy , Donald , leila and best man , stand before the preacher -- a older , dignify , no - nonsense gentleman . the music end . for a moment or two , there be a uncomfortable silence . finally preacher lean in towards Donald . preacher ( quietly ) would you agree that the eye be the window to the soul , son ? donald uh. absolutely , Father . preacher perhaps you bride would like a glimpse of you soul now . I know I would . Donald grin , and then look concerned . he have no clue . as he speak the follow to the congregation , preacher reach over and snag the Ray - ban right off Donald 's face . preacher ( cont 'd ) dearly beloved . we be gather here in the sight of God , and in the face of this company , to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony . pause . then to the best man . preacher ( cont 'd ) you too . the best man hand over he shade . Donald give evy a lame smile . donald ( whisper ) Rough night . preacher before we recite the traditional vow , I understand the bride and groom have take time to compose something from they heart . preacher nod to Donald , who stand there , stiff as ice . donald why do I have to go first ? preacher just read what you have write , son . Donald open he paper and work on he dry-mouth . various member of the congregation look up in anticipation . Donald look at evy . donald ( loudly ) I love you deeply . like the deep ... snow . he fold he paper . he 's do . silence . stun reaction , first from mammy , then Ernest , then darcy who sport a few new piercing , green hair and a vinyl get-up . dottie , sit next to she , look pleased just to be here . preacher sometimes the heart be too full for word . best man clap Donald on the shoulder . sounded good to he . preacher ( cont 'd ) and the bride 's declaration ? evy pull a page from the guest book out of she bustier , and look at Donald who be grin like a idiot . after a moment . evy ah , forget it . let 's just move on . ( to Donald , incredulous ) deep snow ? preacher gather himself . preacher well , then ... if any man can show just cause why they may not lawfully be join together , let he now speak , or else hereafter forever hold he peace . all present hold they breath in holy terror . except the parent of the GROOM , who whip they head around desperately . preacher look out over he half - moon glass . we see kirk at the back of the church . preacher ( cont 'd ) anyone ? he turn he attention back to the couple . preacher ( cont 'd ) no. ( beat ) then I require and charge you both , as you will answer at the dreadful day of judgment when the secret of all heart shall be disclose , that if either of you know any impediment , why you may not be lawfully join together in matrimony , you do now confess it . evy ( to herself ) oh boy . preacher this part be largely rhetorical . ( gather himself ) wilt thou , Donald , have this woman to thy wedd wife ? wilt thou love she , comfort she , honour and keep she , in sickness and in health , so long as you both shall live . donald I do . wilt . best man chuckle : wilt ? what a riot . preacher look up . preacher wilt thou , evy , have this man to thy wedd husband ? wilt thou love he , comfort he , honour and keep he , in sickness and in health , so long as you both shall live ? evy could you go over that " dreadful day of judgment " part again ? preacher just say " I will " , dear . evy mmmmm . preacher or " I do " . evy , alarmed look at leila . leila ( quietly ) or ... something else . gasp . preacher Excuse I ? leila ( clear throat ) seem like ... such a narrow range of choice . preacher ( to the assemblage ) who be this woman ? donald the sister . evy teeter on the precipice . leila be it too late to -- forever -- not -- hold my peace ? the preacher can not answer while he try to unravel the grammar . preacher um ... leila I mean ... to speak now ? donald yes . menu man rise . menu man no. preacher and you be ...? evy a poet . donald I think he be the cook ? menu man go on , Harvard . leila ( to Donald , in a insane rush ) I know this be really tricky timing and everything -- God , you have get you whole family here -- but I mean , look , my guy do not even make it inside the church . at least evy walk all the way up here to tell you . donald ( to evy ) tell I what ? evy shrug . leila that you be not , " the one " , Donald . I mean , you be certainly , " a one " . probably even " the one " to a lot of woman -- evy say you really know you way around a waterbed . but you be just go to have to be somebody else 's ... big one ... because my sister 's not in love with you ... ( to evy ) you be not ... leila ( back to Donald ) and I think it would be better off for all concerned if you just ... you know , shook hand or something . preacher be she drunk ? leila a little scotch , reverend , sorry -- I think they call it " courage " in England . anyway . I be probably the last person who should say anything about love . ( beat ) but I know what it look like . I have see its reflection . begin to push in on kirk stand at the rear door of the church . leila ( cont 'd ) all it have to do be glance somewhere ... and it bounce and beam and alight on thing , and make they better . thing like ... the world ... the floor ... the face of child . donald ( to preacher ) when do this become she moment ? preacher shrug . leila you 's too , Donald . the moment when you realize that you do not love evy any more than she do not love you . find the groom 's parent in the front pew . father of GROOM that make it unanimous . mother of GROOM Lewis ! you be he father ! father of GROOM what ! she write about fish . she 's a fish writer . back up front . leila Love 's -- well , I do not know what love be -- but I know what it do . ( act out she metaphor ) it 's ... this thing . and it get under you skin , and ... and ... menu man " and what in I be dark illumine . " preacher be impressed ; evy melt a little . leila wow , that 's good . very ... medieval . but no , I be go to say " make you psychotic " . it 's like have a really itchy bug bite . no , worse . a hairball ! raise eyebrow all around . leila ( cont 'd ) a unholy hairball . which fester and rot and grow enormous . so for like ... twelve year ... you do not lay a finger on it , for fear that when it stop choke and itching and gag you -- you will not feel anything at all . and then one day -- I mean the lightbulb go on -- and you see ... you know ... leila search the church for kirk who look up with a glimmer of hope in he eye . she can not close the deal . leila ( cont 'd ) ... well , that you sister should not marry the man she intend to . ( beat ) that 's all . a resign and disappointed kirk walk away towards the exit , witness only by leila . dottie and darcy look at each other , briefly consider the appropriateness of the gesture ... and then start applaud and cat-call . all on the bride 's side -- and a few on the groom 's -- join in . evy thank you , thank you . ( sarcastically ) at least we still have we dignity . evy ( to Donald , sincerely ) but she 's right , you know -- if you think about it -- they be all right . you understand , do not you Donald ? donald I understand . I just do not know where to go . evy ( quietly ) do not go anywhere . we be unmarried , not dead . maybe we can get together later . par-ty . he and the best man high five each other . menu man raise a eyebrow . uncle ernest ( to crowd ) you will all get you present back , Federal Express . preacher well then , if there be no more completely inappropriate surprise , perhaps now would be a fine time to bring this ... proceedings to a merciful close . leila wait . there 's actually one more thing . preacher of course there be . leila when I be 17 , I stand outside this same church and swore to God that I would never again let anybody say they love I . and guess what ? nobody have . leila look out towards the back door . the congregation begin to look with she . the camera track past Ernest and mammy as they turn they head , then the kid , then dottie and darcy ... leila ( cont 'd ) because the longer the wall stand , the higher it get ... the camera move past Eddie dress as a giant bumblebee as he turn , then , as if amaze that a giant bumblebee be in a church , the camera " double - take " past he again ... leila ( cont 'd ) ... and the higher it get , the fewer people even try to get over it . past customer who point to himself in hope that leila be talk to he . realizing she be not , he too turn to look ... leila ( cont 'd ) it 's pretty easy for we to create we own sad destiny when we be too scared to embrace the one ... the back of the church be empty ... leila ( cont 'd ) ( raise she voice ) ... that be hiding out there behind the curtain . leila turn to the preacher . leila ( cont 'd ) what do you think , reverend ? I promise God that no one could claim I -- not that I could not claim love for myself . preacher will it involve further speech ? leila ( to the back of the church ) how about it , beverly ? will you love I ? gasp from the groom 's side . preacher beverly ? not in my church . leila he 's a man , reverend , a good and kind man . but even if he be a woman , I would love he till death even dare ... ( to back ) will you comfort , and keep I , beverly , in sickness and dubious mental health ? no answer . leila ( cont 'd ) beverly ? kirk peek around the curtain . dr . kirk ( mock serious ) be you a virgin ? leila as a matter of fact ... applause . CUT to : ext . churchyard -- day cu : kirk give leila a long , passionate kiss , while a orgy of rice fall on they head . wide to see the smile face of the wedding party , clap and celebrate . mammy keep pile on the rice , as uncle Ernest look on , bewilder . uncle ernest what be you do ? nobody 's marry . mammy we may never get this close again . so kiss I darling . uncle ernest be you insane ? Jack emerge from the pack and grab the bag of rice from mammy 's hand . jack I do not like rice . Rice kill bird . everybody crack up . CUT to : int . muffin shop -- night while Bob marley sing he heart out , we watch a party in full bloom . the muffin shop have never be more alive . bartender and drunk guy pour drink for everybody . jack take a nip off the gin and tonic he be deliver to uncle ernest , and be promptly bust by preacher who take away the drink . customer smoke at he usual stool . menu man and donald arm -wrestle to the death , to the apparent delight of evy , who look on . darcy be all over eddie , now mostly out of he bumblebee costume . mammy be everywhere at once , clean up . dottie be painting red 's nail some scary color , as ... leila and kirk survey they domain . dr . kirk I have get something for you . kirk smile and produce a beautiful silver star on a chain . dr . kirk ( cont 'd ) it 's birth . leila I have get something for you , too . leila gently take he hand and lead he towards the door . dottie hey , where be you guy go ? darcy have come up for air just long enough to say ... darcy Boy , you be dumb . dottie pardon I for not take " Love " at ha-a-arvard . as marley wail , the camera pull back and out of the muffin shop , and into the nighttime New York sky . fade out :