screenplay by alfonso cuarén & timothy J. sexton over black , a news report : tv voice «.- the world be stunne today by the death of Diego ricardo , the youngest person on the planet ... int . cafe -- day Men and woman stand , look up . sad and hopeless . they middle - age face bath in the pale light of the television they be silently watch . tv voice baby Diego be kill in a bar fight in Buenos Aires after refuse to sign a autograph ... a man enter the coffee shop , make he way through the people : Theo faron ( 55 ) . detach , unkempt , scruffy beard , glass , theo be a veteran of hopelessness . he give up before the world do . tv voice he be bear in 2005 , the son of marcello and Sandra ricardo , a work class couple from Buenos Aires .... theo wedge he way to the counter . he order : Theo coffee . Black . next to he , a 50 - year- old woman stare up at the tv , cradling a small dog , tear roll down she face . theo wait , glance at the old plasma tv without much interest . on tv : the face of '' baby '' diego ( 18 ) , the most famous boy in the world , a fair- haire teenager who have never lack anything , smile a practice smile . tv voice baby Diego struggle he entire life with the celebrity status thrust upon he by be the world 's youngest person . on tv : stock footage of Diego 's life . his baby portrait ... video footage of Diego learn to walk ... Diego ( 8 ) , at he first communion ... Diego ( 14 ) , ambush by paparazzi ... ( continued ) continued : tv voice - different account suggest that Diego spat in the face of a Zed who ask for a autograph , which begin the fight that end in he death . the Zed be lynched by the angry crowd shortly thereafter . theo 's coffee arrive . he lay exact change on the counter , and start to make he way out . pass through the crowd . other people cry . two grizzle policemen sip coffee , watch the news . tv voice Diego , the youngest person on earth , be 18 year , 4 month , 2 day , 16 hour and 8 minute old . theo leave the cafe . ext . cafe -- day theo walk out with he coffee , face the day . people walk along quietly , bundle up . some with dog . it 's cold . it 's wet . it 's sad . it 's London . super : london , 2024 a.d . a short distance from the cafe , theo set he coffee cup atop a post box . slow traffic roll past . mostly '' old '' car , ' 08 model , some older . a couple of ' 18' . motorize rickshaw scoot around the edge . a double decker bus pass with metal mesh on the window . bicycles . a billboard , show a stern - face leader flanke by the idealize profile soldier and policeman : '' keeping england alive '' . surveillance camera on lamp post and building side with tiny disclaimer : '' for you Protection . '' theo take out a flask from he pocket , unscrew the top , about to pour it into he coffee , when behind he -- ka - boom ! a bomb explode inside the cafe , blow out the window , rock the ground . theo reel with the blast , knock off balance ... smoke pour through the shattered facade of the cafe . wail of pain , as people stagger out , cover in residue , hold they wound , bleed . a woman miss a arm . theo regains he balance , shell - shocked , hold he ear . fade to black . ( continued ) continued : title : '' the child of men '' fade in : int . train -- day through a train window cover by steel mesh , a billboard pass by : '' give humanity a hand - get a fertility test '' theo rub he ringing ear , watch the desolate green landscape . pock ! pock ! projectile smack against side of the train , the steel mesh protect the window . theo look : a gang be hurl rock and bottle . 20 - year-old male , some with paint face -- this be zeds . the youngest generation on earth , nothing to lose , it all end with they . after throw they load , the Zed recede , disappear behind a billboard : '' be you neighbor a terrorist ? report all suspicious activity . '' voice Fucking Zed . hurl a few rock , crawl back into they crack . theo look back to the train . two middle - age cop face he on the opposite seat , commute home after a long day . cop 1 it 's we fault . we indulge the whiney prick for too long . the last generation . end of the line . Big deal . ( gesture to cop 2 ) Rick 's boy , he 's what , 20 ? he get deal the same hand . he do not quit . good boy , that scottie . join the force , what , a year ago ? cop 2 uh huh . cop 2 fumble with something in he hand : a strip of pill . cop 1 two week ago , he and some other rookie walk into a Zed ambush . a real zed . outnumber , two to one , three to one -- hell , seven to one ! when we get there later , the floor be cover with blood . blood and tooth . Zed 's tooth . and the rookie ... not a bloody scratch . ( more ) {continued ) continued : cop 1 ( cont 'd ) they pummelle the pissant Zed . you could almost feel sorry for they . that zed have number , but no discipline , no technique . and more important , no pride . cop 2 yeh . cop 2 pop one of the pill into he mouth . cop 1 pride . that 's what set we apart . that 's why England 's still alive . look at the rest of the world . it 's hell out there . theo look out the window . graffiti on a wall : '' last person to die please turn off the light '' . ext . train station -- afternoon theo step off the train . policeman patrol the platform , some with german shepherd . he look around , spot a older man across the way . he walk toward he . jasper hey , amigo . jasper palmer be young in the 60' , and have refuse to let go of he youth ever since . thick glass , wispy beard , long hair , he be probably the coolest 75 - year - old on the planet . Theo hi , jasper . the two old friend greet each other warmly . Theo how 's it go ? jasper quite groovy . quite , quite groovy . ext . rural road -- dusk abandon field with ruin farm , exhaust barn that look like scarecrow . a car cross , its headlight cut through the darken blue , pass machinery rusting on the fallow land . a volvo sedan , circa 2009 , not mint but still reliable . jasper ( off ) many get kill ? {continued ) continued : ' Theo ( off ) I do not know . fuck , the place be pack . jasper ( off ) who set the bomb ? Theo ( off ) fuck know . my ear be stiJ.l ringing . jasper ( off ) you mean the '' eeeeeee '' ? int . jasper 's car - drive -- continuous jasper watch he mirror , navigate the sparse road . theo in the front seat , massage he ear . a beat . jasper ( continue ) '' +. " eeceecece '' ? Theo ub huh . jasper you know , pig be plant most of they . then they blame foogies , the 5 fish , or whoever they want . Theo right after it go off , there be some wounded , crawl out . a bloody woman , hold the hind of a dog . and the people on the street , walk by . jasper what do you do ? Theo I leave . jasper I be glad they miss you , amigo . lose you and baby Diego on the same day would be too much grief to bear . ( off theo 's look ) you do hear about baby Diego . Theo you kid I ? ( continued ) continued : jasper they say he be completely waste . Theo baby Diego be always waste . jasper he be a wanker . Theo yeah , but he be the youngest wanker on the planet . jasper quite true . quite , quite true . theo smile . the headlight illuminate a wood area . ext . wooded road -- dusk the volvo slow down , and make a leave turn , go off the road , stop in front the wood . jasper and theo get out . jasper walk to the middle of the empty road , look both way . jasper ( start a joke ) so there 's this supper . scientist and wise man , you know , human Project , that sort of bullock . Theo ( roll with it ) yeah ... assure the coast be clear , jasper walk toward a row of bush in front of the tree , illuminate by the headlight . jasper they nre throw around theory about the ultimate question : how be it that human being have not have baby in 18 year ? theo walk with jasper toward the bush . jasper the biologist blame genetic experiment that alter DNA . the environmentalist say that pollution and bio-experiment poison the water . you know , the typical jada jada . ( continued ) continued : jasper remove one of the bush -- it 's not roote . jasper a New Age bloke claim mama nature be merely protect herself . theo remove another bush . this be a false hedge , hide a tiny dirt path behind it . jasper then they all look at this English scientist , who have not say a word , he just keep eat . jasper stop theo . jasper they ask he , '' so , what do you think ? why do not people have baby anymore ? '' the English bloke look at they , he 's chew on a wing ... ( thick English accent ) '' I have not a clue , '' he say . '' but this stork be quite lovely , be not it ? '' jasper playfully hit theo . jasper waaah ! you get it -- he 's eat a stork ! Theo ( smile ) stork . that 's funny . ext . dirt path -- dusk through the wood , jasper 's car crossing the dirt path , the headlight on . Theo ( off ) how 's Janice ? : jasper ( off ) she 's lovely . int . jasper be car - drive -- continuous jasper navigate the dirt path carefully . jasper ( sigh ) tends to wander off occasionally . ( more ) ( continued } continued : jasper ( cont 'd ) I find she last week on the other side of the brook . mud all over she nightgown , . shiver a death of cold , poor thing . Theo I be sorry . jasper when she 's she normal self , she 's be mention it . quietus . Theo quietus ? jasper she feel worthless . she feel a burden to I . when she 's lucid , she remember what we use to be . through the windshield , in a clear in the tree , visible in the last light of day : a low - tech , jury - rig eco-house , complete with primitive solar panel and a grass roof . int . jasper' house -- night the Stones 's " Ruby Tuesday '' play . janice ( 70 ) sit ina chair , stare ahead . she be young in the 60' , and now be old . the light be go from she eye , she face a blank mask . jasper hi , sweetie . jasper kiss she . Janice do not react . jasper theo 's here . he come for a little visit . theo , remember ? you rebel with a lose Cause ? jasper motion theo over . Theo hi , Janice . no response from Janice . she be stare at a wall of photo . her lifetime freeze in image . a shrine to she past . jasper she 's not always like this . she 's in and out . int . jasper 's kitchen -- night jasper and theo at the kitchen table , eat vegetable soup . ( continued ) continued = jasper a couple week ago , I come on this dutch bloke , lose out back in the wood . poor soul , be not much leave of he . remember the picture of that starve wretch in ethiopia ? same thing , only blond . he say he ‘’d escape from bexhill . they dig a tunnel under the fence and come over , 200 of they . mostly french , spaniard ... ( emphasis for theo ) ...a few Americans . they be crossing no man 's land . Soldiers catch they . line they up , shot they down . 200 hundred refugee . unarm . bam . just like that . keeping England alive . it do not make the news . Theo not surprising . jasper somehow this bloke escape , get through no man 's land , get over that hill . I give he some food . amigo , he tell I some spooky storey about what 's happen in Europe . atrocity you would never believe . and the look in he eye . jasper eat a spoonful of soup , look at theo . jasper it 's sick . what human can do to each other . theo ponder a potato . jasper I offer to hide he . he refuse . Said he have to get to London . Said he have friend there . he leave . all the way to London , no papers . . Theo he win not make it . jasper I know . they both eat a spoonful of soup . jasper but I have like to think he would . 10 . int . jasper 's greenhouse -- night a make - shift affair , grow light coax marijuana plant into bloom . theo and jasper chill , jasper roll a joint . jasper Business have be slow . daddy government give pill and anti-depressant as part of you ration ... ( show joint ) +.- and the buddha be still illegal ! most of my weed now go to bexhill . a bloke busy it from I and smuggles it over . guess what he do . his real job . Theo border cop . jasper bravo . he smuggles it through no - man 's land . jasper fire a joint . jasper ( offer theo a hit ) want some ? theo shake he head . Theo jasper , you be take the whole thing too personally . in 80 year , humanity will disappear . so what ? ninety - eight percent of the species that roam around earth have go extinct . jasper take another hit . theo nod . Theo the dinosaur have a pretty good run of it . now it 's we turn . what would we be so damn special ? just because we leave behind a few interesting pile of rock ? jasper and some book . some really awesome book . and that really smash symphony . ( continued ) ll. continued : Dylan . the two man smile and fall quiet . jasper jasper we make a bullock of the whole thing , do not we ? maybe God be ready for a little peace and quiet . int . jasper 's house -- night Janice still stare at the wall . theo come to she . he take the hair brush she be hold . and begin brush she long gray hair . among the photo on the wall , one take at a demonstration catch theo 's attention : a young Janice and jasper , lock arm with theo , defiant and long -haire , and a young woman with the same attitude . theo carry a 2 - year- old boy in a baby backpack . a placard for '' Global democracy '' can be read behind they . int . theo's apartment -- day through a window , we see identical functional apartment building on a foggy morning . next to the window : a old plasma wide - screen tv display the time . a digit change -- 8:30 . the tv turn on . on tv : a woman read the morning news . War tear street . militia 's march . citizen watch fearfully out they window . a 50 - year-old soldier in fatigue and beret , a Dixie flag fly behind , give a speech to a crowd in front of the ruin facade of camden Yards . tv voice ... the american city of Baltimore fall to the Southern Alliance after month of furious street battle . it be see as the biggest setback to the national government since the invasion of Northern California by the Oregon Alliance . the national government in D.C. have steadily lose popular support since its bombing of Cincinnati seven year ago in a attempt to eradicate militia strongholds . reflected in the window : click ! a light on a side table go on . a form get up slowly , sit up on a bed ... it 's theo , shaking out the cobweb , he head foggier than London . 12. ext . STREET 's -- day Seven people , man and woman , stand with they hand up against a brick wall . Police dog growl and sniff at they heel . policeman linger behind they . Theo ( off ) all the past historical event , the so - call fact , flow to one point ... theo walk past . he 's dress for the day in a wear tweed jacket , a leather pack strapped over he shoulder . Theo ( off ) ( continue ) .+- which we call the present . ext . university -- day theo enter a gate fringe with barb wire . Theo ( off ) ( continue ) and then there be all the event which have yet to occur ... not the grand hail of Oxford , rather , a cluster of one - storey concrete building , circa 2000 . Theo ncontinue ) +-- the future . int . university - security gate -- day a security machine swallow he leather case as theo stand with he arm spread , a Guard frisk he . Theo ( off ) ( continue ) the moment where the past and the future meet be the tip of both cone . int . lecture room -- day theo , somewhat animated , draw two '' V '' cone on a black board , the tip touch each other . Theo ( continue ) this tip be not only a moment . it 's a perception , and there be as many perception as people on this planet . ( continued ) 13 . continued : theo face the sizeable lecture room , three quarter empty . student stare back at he blankly . people in sleep bag in back . a man snore in the front row , he pants wet , the urine drip to the floor . Theo any question ? ext . STREET -- day siren , scream from police car , racing by , disappear into the distance . theo walk on the sidewalk . a billboard , soothing graphic , blue on blue : '' quietus -~- you can find relief . '' the sidewalk strewn with trash , lethargic breeze . a young couple , embrace , kissing in the open . theo walk by , leather case over he shoulder . he 's hold a book , read as he walk : '' Salem 's lot '' by Stephen King . the young couple break they embrace . they begin to follow theo from behind . he do not notice , read about a boy who get himself lock inside a vampire 's room . the couple follow , pull ski mask over they head . as theo approach the corner , a van appear on the street , skid to a stop , block he path . he slow down ... a motorcycle come from behind , skid to a stop , block he street side . theo pause , confuse -- the ski mask couple upon he , he pull out a burlap sack , she pull out a pistol . and the van door slide open , show a mask man hold a semi-automatic gun . theo react , back away -- the woman stick the gun into he rib , whisper a order : woman quiet . the burlap sack come over theo 's head . she shove he through the van door . the motorcycle revs , ready to go . the man hop on behind . the woman jump into the van , the door slide shut . ( continued ) 14 . continued : the motorcycle peel off in one direction . the van tear off the other way . int . kidnapper 's room -- day blackness . voice not so tight ... bring some water ... put you hood on ... the burlap sack come off . newspaper glue on the wall , cover they over . theo be cuffed to a chair . a light shine in he face . a tall man in a mask hold it . tall man ( luke ) you be under the jurisdiction of the 5 fish . you basic human rights will be respected . you will be expect to keep this encounter confidential . to ensure this , you will be under constant surveillance , as you have be for the last two month . the 5 fish have eye everywhere . do you need water ? theo nod , cotton-mouth . tall man ( luke ) Water . woman' voice be the handcuffs necessary ? tall man ( luke ) unfortunately , yes . woman' voice ( a order ) uncuff he . tall man ( luke ) I ' do not think -- woman' voice do it . the tall man gesture . a short man ( patric ) go behind theo and begin unfasten the cuff . another hood man give he a glass of water . a woman in a mask approach , walk with a limp . ( continued ) 15 . continued : woman '' the only reason to breathe be to make a difference . '' theo react , take aback . the woman sit down , face he . woman that be you word , remember ? '' the only reason to breathe be to make a difference . '' Theo you want to know the truth ? I get that from a chinese fortune cookie . the woman take the mask off . julian taylor be theo 's age , and although life have take a harder toll on she , she still radiate the beauty of someone who believe . a scar run along the side of she face . theo be stunne . he recover with a smirk . Theo not bad for somebody whose be dead for six year . she smile . julian ( to the other ) I meet theo when we be 20 , during a anti-globalization demonstration in Seattle . he be a man of ideal , dreadlock and hemp . we lock eye while chant '' wio out '' . Julian lock eye with theo . julian ( chant ) '' wto out ! wto out ! '' and by time the police attack , we be make out . we kiss as the tear run down we face from the tear gas . we fall in love . we be go to change the world -- we love be go to change the world . you know , the John and Yoko bug . though Julian address the half dozen people in the room , she eye on theo . they be the only two without hood . he check he coat . ( continued ) continued : 16 . ( 2 ) ' Theo can I have my flask ? julian theo be piss that all the money for health and education be go to army contractor . so he have this idea . we would chain ourselves to the sculpture in front of the boe corporate headquarters . nake . Theo nake be you idea . julian we get shy , stop at we underwear , thank god , and we chain ourselves to the sculpture . and we throw away the key . full commitment . now we be wait for the employee to show up . wait for the tv camera to show up . and it 's cold . and nobody be show up . it get colder . so we start yell . '' hello ? help ? '' I mean , where 's a surveillance camera when you need one ? it 's get even colder . finally , a patrol car come . the cop get out , they be look at we . we nre chain , we be shiver , we be in we underwear . Julian and theo look at each other , relive this moment . julian ( laugh ) cop say , '' what be you do ? '' and you say , '' protest . '' cop say , '' come back tomorrow . '' and I say , '' why ? '' cop say -- Theo '' it 's Columbus Day . '' julian yeah . they smile , look at each other . a moment . Theo be this why I be here ? to reminisce about the good old day ? julian I need you help . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 } Theo can I have my flask ? int . 5 fish hide - out - cellar -- night they be in some sort of basement room with no window . theo sip he flask . Julian smoke a cigarette . Theo death suit you . julian ( smile ) you get use to it . they make a big deal about it in the papers , do not they ? that unfortunate gas explosion . Theo ( recalling ) uh huh . julian my stove be electric . - Theo there be a body . julian when the bomb explode , it blow I down the stair . but there be algerian refugee stay at my flat . fatima . that 's the charcoal they find . poor thing . Theo ( piss ) you could have call . you could have tell I . julian what be the point ? treo it 's courtesy . julian I be sorry . the only way for I to stay alive be to stay dead . theo look at Julian with tenderness . Theo and the limp ... be that the ... explosion ? ( continued ) continued : 18 . julian the scar be the explosion . the limp be from prison . opoint to she leave ear ) and the hearing loss . and the nightmare . Theo ahuh ... julian eight year . Isle of skye . Julian stub out she cigarette . Theo you always get off on martyrdom . julian I need a exit visa , theo. ( off he look ) not for I . there 's a girl we need to get out of the country . if they find she , they will kill she . Theo what have she do ? julian I be not allow to go into detail . but you have to trust I . you have to do this . Theo there 's nothing I can do . julian teddy Phillips offer you a position with the noah Project three year ago . he 's the Minister of Culture . Theo it 's a bullshit project , a million people starve to death in Madrid , and we march in and save the goyas -- julian that 's not the point . he can get you a visa . he 's you friend . you never ask you friend for help . Julian look at theo . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) julian this girl be in trouble , theo , and we can help she . Theo I kick idealism . julian she 's 21 . twenty-one . this land with theo. Julian know it -- she expect it . julian Dylan would have be she age . Theo that 's low . julian that 's how strongly I feel . I never ask you for anything before , do I ? off theo , know that she have not . int . van - moving -- day theo in back face the rear , blindfolded . patric ( 25 ) drive ~- irish , dreadlock , commit . facing theo be luke ( 45 ) -- moral authority , practice compassion , unwaver certainty . luke you understand that disclose Julian 's identity would put she in extreme jeopardy . quite frankly , everyone oppose she take this risk . Theo she 's stubborn . luke she 's a true believer . Theo you be luke Grissom , right ? ( no response ) the priest . I meet you before . at that London thing . silence . the two man remember London . {continued ) 20 . continued : luke the London massacre unleash so many demon . not only the military coup . the famine , the Zed event ... theo remain quiet . luke ; I be sorry about what happen to you . I can not imagine that kind of loss . luke pull on he ski mask . the van slow down . patric pull on he mask . luke ( to theo ) you may take off you blindfold . theo pull off he blindfold , blink with the sudden light . luke hand he a piece of paper and a coin . luke call this number if you need to contact we . the token be for the bus . the van stop . the door slide open . ext . STREET - bus stop -- continuous theo step out of the van at a bus stop . a billboard show a young couple tenderly hold a creature which look impossibly similar to a baby . a doll . a slogan : '' love be what you give . '' in smaller print : '' now with body temperature and breathe motion . '' luke this mission be a good deed . I do not need to tell you that Julian be only involved with good deed . the door slide shut as the van drive off , leave theo in the midst of a dozen linger prostitute , oblivious to the security camera rig on the bus stop , a few tiny pooches tapping around . a double - decker with steel meshed window come down the street . ext . STREET - downtown london -- day a rolis royce pass through a heavily guard restrict gate , lead into the pristine London mall . 21 . int . roll royce - drive -- Day a uniform chauffeur drive , theo in back , now dress in a wear - out suit , look out the window : on the London mall , well - dress citizen on they afternoon outing , some walk they dog , which be dress in match outfit . some dress in chap , riding horse . the privileged minority . a restrict zone . southwark bridge check point the chauffeur stop at a security gate at the entrance to the southwark bridge . he hand papers to a Security Officer . Guards check under the car with mirror . dog sniff for bomb . they be wave through . int . car - drive -- continuous come over the bridge : a impose brick structure , its square tower dominate the gloomy sky : the modern tate Museum . int . underground parking -- day the roll royce park , a security guard open the door . theo get out . dog sniff at he , surveillance camera training over . a government official come to meet he , extend he hand , smile . theo mumble something . the official explode with a force laugh . int . modern tate museum - check point -- day theo cross through a body scanner . a screen outline he skeleton and solid object , zipper , coin , he flask . int . modern tate museum -- day the official lead theo through a hall hang with painting , arrive at a door , leave he there , walk away . theo enter ... int . modern tate museum - great hall -- continuous theo be awed . in the middle of the marble hall , under the soft glow of a skylight dome , stand alone , in its perfection , invite , Michelangelo 's David . ' the real thing . theo be draw to the sculpture -- woof ! two irish mastiff lay on the floor in front of the David . theo do not speak dog , but know that mean stop . deep growl , the mastiff sit up . ( continued ) 22 . continued : from behind the David , a man appear , theodore '' teddy '' phillip . around theo 's age , but look young , teddy be dress in T-shirt and jeans . the fragile enthusiasm of someone who find a external reason to hold on . teddy we could not save '' La pieta 's '' . it be already smashed by the time we get there . but this be rummy , eh ? Theo my Mom have a plastic one in the bathroom . it be a lamp . teddy approach theo . teddy hey , bro . teddy and theo embrace . int . rembrandt hall - modern tate museum -~ day a endless corridor , hang with masterpiece on both wall . teddy throw a tennis ball down the corridor , the mastiff chase after it , shrink in the distance . teddy and theo carry drink . rembrandt 's self - portrait age as they pass . teddy +-. the self - portrait . scatter around the world . pain in the ass put they together . we have most of they . we lose the one at the frick . that thing in New York be a real blow to art . Theo not to mention people . teddy this one blow my mind . his last one . he stop in front of rembrandt 's final self - portrait . teddy look at he . a old dutch bloke . fill with remorse . he 's say something . can you tell what he 's say ? theo look at the portrait . ( continued ) 23 . continued : Theo '' oh , well ... '' teddy exactly . this bloke do some of the wickedest masterpiece in human history , and here he be . at the end of he day . look at you . regretful , mischievous ... '' oh , well . '' a old rembrandt look down at they . int . picasso hall -- day plane drop bomb on civilian . Black and white cubist mayhem . theo and teddy stand in front of Picasso 's '' Guernica '' . the real thing . the mastiff sit nearby . teddy I send you some tasty french wine for you birthday , I hope you get it -- Theo yeah , I mean to call . thank you . teddy how be you do , bro ? Theo not so well . I think I need to change course . try something different . teddy I must say , I be astound you be still interested . Theo you gotta admit , it 's kind of kinky . teddy wasting precious social resource to assemble a art collection that will be enjoy by no one . Theo Trading gun for art . teddy noticias , bro . Latin America se acabé . Italy finito . France c’est fini . Germany kaput . sayonara Japan . bye , bye America . we use to try to save the world , but it be too late . ( more ) ( continued ) 24 . continued : teddy ( cont 'd ) the world choose to save itself instead . we might as well save what make we great . Theo ahun . teddy you still do not get it . do you good to get you out of you cave , bro . teddy look at theo -- silently acknowledge he friend 's rough time . teddy we get the hermitage , and save most of the reik. ( beat ) Paris be not go to hold . quel dommage . they be let we have a peek at the Louvre before the looter get to it . you will have to be quite selective . Theo my aunt have a mona Lisa in she live room . teddy smile , give theo a friendly pat . teddy it 's so rummy you be do this , bro . int . terrace - modern tate museum -- late afternoon theo and teddy hang , drink a bottle of 2004 chateau margeaux , look down on London . the Thames flow by , St. Paul 's show off , the day prepare to end . quiet . Theo I will need a pair of exit visa . teddy a pair ? Theo there 's this girl . teddy Paris n’est plus la ville des amant . it 's real hell down there . Theo I know , but you know . ( continued ) 25 . continued : teddy ( smile ) you dog . something serious ? Theo a couple of bruise . teddy open a small silver case . he take out a pill , offer it to theo , who shake he head , stare at he . teddy what ? Theo you amaze I . what keep you go ? in a hundred year , there will not be one sad fuck leave to remember you . what be it ? teddy you really know what it be , bro ? I just do not think about it . teddy pop the pill , wash it down with wine . int . movie theatre -- night on the screen : '' a hard Day 's night '' . the four lad escape from a hoard of fan ... beatle ( sing ) '' can not buy I love ... '' theo push through a thick red curtain , enter the mostly empty theatre . he walk down the aisle . he take a seat . on the screen : a empty treeless park , the lad frolick gleefully , fall all over each other . goofy abandon . a voice behind theo : voice do not turn around . do you have it ? theo take a envelope from he pocket , reach it back -- voice please put it under the seat . theo put the envelope under the seat . the man behind he take it . it 's luke . ( continued ) 26 . continued : thanks . luke Theo it 's a joint visa . luke what do that mean ? Theo she 's my companion . she can only leave the country with I . luke why do you -~ ? Theo it 's what they give I . luke so you will have to come . Theo I ' be not go . tell Julian I do what I could . theo stand to leave . luke what be we suppose to do ? Theo have a democratic assembly , or one of that thing you guy like . luke faron -~ Theo | I have see the movie . I know how it end . on the screen : the lad ' fun come to a abrupt end when they be confront by a stern cop . cop ( in the movie ) do you realize this be private property ? ringo & paul ( in the movie ) sorry , sorry ... 27 . int . quietus auditorium -- day Rolling cloud across a glorious blue sky , touch with color of a gently fade sun , a glimpse of heaven . you almost do not notice the pixel . profile of face lie down on soft pad , stare at the cloud project on the ceiling . mostly older man and woman , some middle - ager , and a few in they youth . sooth music suffuse the ambience , and a gentle female voice : voice forgiveness . experience forgiveness . dwell in forgiveness . forgiveness towards that who purposely cause you pain . forgiveness . forgiveness towards that who unwittingly cause you pain . forgiveness . forgiveness towards yourself . forgiveness . forgiveness . dwell in forgiveness . the participant rest on the floor , as if enter a gentle sleep . they be die . it 's peaceful . it 's invite . it 's quietus . attendant dress in white gently administer to each participant . holding they . offer each a cup to drink from . after they have drunk , they be laid gently back down . above - behind the glass a few dozen people array on the bleacher seat . some be there to observe love one make they final passage . other be just look for a warm place to sleep . theo arrive , harry -- he have rush to get there . he look around the vast bleacher section , and find : jasper stand by the glass , look below . theo approach . jasper she leave a note . I do not get here in time . theo stand next to he . jasper they say it be a peaceful way to go . though the window , they see : ( continued ) 28 . continued : below - on the MAIN floor a attendant approach Janice . her face be not the blank mask of before -- she eye be moist with profound awareness of the end . the attendant hold up the cup . Janice reach she hand towards it , shaking . the attendant steady she hand she hand around it . Janice drink . voice gratitude . immerse yourself in gratitude . gratitude . gratitude for that who bring you joy . gratitude . gratitude for that who bring you pain . gratitude . gratitude for you unique journey . gratitude . gratitude . dwell in gratitude . Janice 's grip slip from the cup . her entire body relax . the attendant gently lay she down on the soft pad . above - behind the glass jasper and theo , watch . jasper we have just move to Paris . we do not have much , a mattress , a couch . we be do really bad , with dough . that day , I get back early from the sorbonne . and I see she from the window , come home , carry flower . there be this curtain that be we closet , and I hide behind it . through the glass , behind they , a disturbance : a Old man resist the cup offer to he , knock it away . the light on the main floor cut out . jasper ( continue ) and I watch she ... she put the flower in a drink glass , and she sit on the sofa , look at they . the light go up on the main floor , everything return to its state of peace . the Old man lay completely still . jasper ( continue ) she be hum that '' I love Paris in the springtime '' song . very softly . lose in she revery . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) jasper ( cont 'd ) she stay there , just like that . look at the flower . for a long time . and you know what she be do ? she be pick she nose . she always do that when she think nobody be watch she . do you ever notice ? Theo ( lie ) no. jasper that 's what she do . she pick she nose ... ( show he little finger ) with she pinky . jasper look down at Janice . jasper she 's go . below - on the MAIN floor Janice stare up at the cloud roll across the ceiling . voice there be a light . experience the light . dwell in the light . repose in the light . the light be soothing . the light be comforting . the light be love . it 's a light that shine forever . int . pick - up office - quietus -- day theo wait on a plastic couch in the simple white room . people at the counter , pick up paper bag that resemble sack of flour . jasper return from the counter , hold a brown sack . theo stand to meet he . jasper she 's still warn . ext . quietus -- day outside , the street be quiet . theo and jasper walk . jasper , stoic , be hold Janice 's bag of ash . suddenly -- jasper break down . crying . all of he 75 year now reveal , all at once a old man . 30 . int . bar -- day on tv : a couple walk through a beautiful park , carry a baby . slow motion sentimentality . commericial voice --. she have she daddy 's eye , and she mommy 's smile . she cry when she 's hungry , she cry when she 's wet . her skin be so smooth it warm you heart . on tv : a closer look at the baby : beautiful eye , beautiful smile , smooth skin . but it 's still a doll . commercial voice Love be what you give . theo sit in the bar , half - watch the tv , already drunk . two man sit on either side of he : patric and luke . Theo you look better with you mask on . theo stare toward nothing . the two man look at he in expectation . finally : Theo I ’l1l do it . luke thank you . luke slide a small paper across to theo . luke we have to leave tomorrow . theo look at the small paper : a ticket to football match . Theo I do not like soccer . luke we call it football . luke and patric start to leave . Theo tell Julian i’1l take the girl to Paris . then I be do . {continued ) 31 . continued : the man be go . theo take a long gulp from he pint , and return he attention to the tv . on tv , a surveillance camera image : a man walk alone down 4 remote narrow street illuminate by light overhead . from the darkness on either side ... a gang of Zed emerge . tv voice ++-a security camera capture the shocking zed of a 43 - year - old man from shoreditch by a gang of Zed hoodlum ... the Zed swarm over the man , who disappear under they onslaught . a moment later , the Zed retreat back to the darkness . one Zed leave behind , staggering , hold a wound . tv voice +.- it 's not clear if the Zed be stab by the victim or by one of he own gang . the wounded Zed fall to he knee , beside the man who lay motionless on the sidewalk , naked , pick clean . fade out . the chant of English football ... fade in : ext . english football match -- day kick ! a cleate foot propel the ball into the air . Men fight they way to it . we be well into a hard - fight English football match . player smear in sweat and mud . theo in he seat , watch the match , drink a beer , hair of the dog . the stadium half fill , lethargic fan , some face paint , some hold little dog . the section secure by barb - wire fence , security camera and policeman everywhere . : theo search around . a older man sit next to he . a middle - age man on he other side . both watch the game . a woman stand , block he view , she right hand a fist that open and show : the '' 5 fish '' logo draw on she palm . the hand close , as she walk away . theo stand and follow she . 32 . ext . exit tunnel - stadium -- day the woman walk through a tunnel , exite the stadium . she 's 40 , and hate football . theo follow . on the wall , a billboard : '' report any suspicious activity . '' ext . stadium -- day the crowd roar a goal as the woman cross the concrete plain . theo follow , a few yard behind . the woman walk to a bus stop with a billboard : '' keeping england alive - fertility test - you obligation . '' a double - decker about to leave . as the bus start to move , she get on . theo run , catch up to the rear of the bus , jump on through the back door . int . double decker bus -- continuous theo have just climb inside , and he 's out of breath . the woman be go up the stair . theo follow . theo emerge on the upper deck . the woman sit at the front . a overhead security camera keep vigil . he sit down heavily in the first seat he see . ext . STREET -- day the double - decker roll though a suburban area , the outskirt of London . very few people . shutter store . abandon home . a billboard : '' keeping england alive ~ denounce illegal immigrant - it 's you country '' . int . double decker bus - moving -- day through the metal meshed window , the suburb roll past . the woman sit in front , stare ahead . theo in he seat , try not to doze off . the woman get up . as she walk down the stair , the briefest eye contact -- it spring theo up to he foot . ext . bus stop - CITY outskirt -- day as the bus as roll away , the woman walk across the street . ( continued ) 33 . continued : theo stand at the empty bus stop , look at she . she stand on the other side , look away . theo wait . a few dog sniff around . a billboard show a smile woman look at the sky at a two - tone pill call '' bliss '' the slogan : '' just be happy . '' in smaller letter : '' now at kiosk '' . rrrrr ! the roar of a approach motor ... a motorcycle , appear from down the street , skid to a stop in front of the woman . she hop on the back . rrrrr ! the motorcycle tear away . leave theo alone . confused . the motorcycle roar recede . a fiat multipla passenger wagon come around the corner , head toward theo . it stop in front of he . the back door be open . theo look inside : luke at the wheel , Julian beside he . ' two other woman in the back seat . Theo I do not know this be a family trip . lure please get in . theo climb in . as the door close , the multipla start off . int . multipla wagon ~- drive -- continuous the multipla pull away . theo accommodate himself , glance at the woman seat beside he , in the middle seat . kee ( 21 ) be dark -skin , West indie . when she be bear , the world be already fall apart . she grow up know human life would not last much longer than she . Theo ( to Julian ) be ' this the girl ? julian her name be kee . kee , this be theo . theo and kee lock eye . kee the fuck you watchin’ at ? ( continued ) 34 , continued : Theo nothing . how you do ? kee cheedo . '' kee look away . theo look around the car . Theo so this be the elite unit ? miriam ( 58 ) , shy woman , Scottish , simply dress , string bracelet . she can not believe it 's the end of the world . it 's not in the star . julian this be Miriam and luke . luke we be come to dover . to make sure you go away safely . Theo cheer . theo sense the tension in the car -- everyone be nervous . Theo be we go to have a little sing -along ? ( no response ) good . I be go to take a nap . theo make himself comfortable against the door and close he eye , doze . ext . canterbury road -- day the road of canterbury be curvy , run through wood and small hill . the multipla cruise along . int . multipla - drive -- day a hand reach over , nudging theo awake . julian '’s voice hey there . theo 's eye open . julian you be snore . ( continued } 35 . continued : Theo no I be not . julian ( to the other ) he always snore . Theo she farted in bed . Julian smile . theo look out the window at the wood hill pass by , get he bearing . Theo where be we ? julian canterbury , believe it or not . Theo no shit . kee laugh at the small tv flip down from the ceiling . on tv : 70 - year-old Mr. bean kiss he teddy bear good - night . Theo ( to kee ) so what no you do ? kee huh ? Theo why do you need to get out ? silence . kee look to Julian . Theo come on , Jules . I need to know something . she 's my travel buddy . kee {to Miriam ) why I gotta go with this bloke ? why can not I go with you ? miriam you will be fine . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) julian ( to theo ) what do you know about the human Project ? luke Julian , we be not suppose to -- julian we have to tell he sooner or later . Theo Iceland get scientist from all around the world . and the country fall apart . like the rest of the world . julian that 's what England want you to believe , as a pretext to sever tie with they . it 's actually the last democracy on earth . miriam the brightest mind in the world be there work together to find the cause of infertility . Theo the scientist eat the stork . blank stare . kee what ? Theo never mind . ( to kee ) so , be you a scientist ? Miriam spot something out the window . miriam there ... through the windshield , up ahead : a burning car come roll down a small hill , toward the road they be travel on . luke accelerate , the multipla respond grudgingly . miriam what be you do ? {continued ) 37 . continued : ( 3 ) ' luke we can make it . the multipla pick up speed . the burn car careen down toward the road , but it look like they may beat it ... julian gol ! luke slam the break , screeching to a stop , just avoid -- road the flame car cut they off -- smash ! -- crash into a derelict car . inside the multipla tense silence . the road be now block by the flame car . luke this be not good . they hear war cry . emerging from the tree zeds . a gang of 20ish male , face paint , some mask , armed with stone , stick and knife . a tribe of hunter descend down toward the road , in a wave , run at they ~~ inside the multipla crack ! the first stone hit the window . julian go around ! instead , luke throw the car into reverse , screeching the car backwards . the Zed upon they , run down the car . crack ! stick and fist pound , body pile on ... luke keep pedal to metal , scream in reverse , the last Zed drop off , give chase , but can not catch up ... road a lone motorcycle come from behind the burn car , two rider in mask , racing through the run Zed , accelerate , towards the multipla , come closer ... 38 . inside the multipla luke can not go any faster backwards , the motorcycle catch up , run alongside they . the Zed on back look in the car , he eye visible for a instant through he black mask . luke accelerate , and the motorcycle drop back , riding now in front of the car . theo see the Zed on back of the motorcycle rise up -- he 's aim a high - power rifle at they -- Theo he 's get a gun -- bang ! the bullet crash through the windshield -- Julian jolt with the impact , blood spraying . the passenger scream in terror and disbelief : voice ( in car ) she 's hit ! she 's hit ! luke ( scream to Miriam ) cover she ! Miriam use she body to protect kee . theo be reach over the seat , come to Julian . she 's be hit in the neck , she 's bleed badly . her eye be open , alive , barely . miriam cover the wound ! Theo godammit , godammit ! miriam cover the wound ! use you hand ! road the motorcycle accelerate again , come back alongside they . inside the multipla theo see the motorcycle approach , the Zed on back , point the gun at he , about to shoot . abruptly , theo throw open he door -- 39 . road whack ! theo 's car door hit the motorcycle . the driver try to keep balance , but he 's go too fast ... the motorcycle careen and spill , throw the gunman into the grass , the driver bounce across the pavement , leave lot of skin behind . inside the multipla luke slow the car just enough to execute a turn , spin a 180 , head away from the ambush , finally drive forward . luke how be she ? how 's Julian ? Theo she 's bleed , she 's bleed a lot ... theo hold she throat wound with both hand , try to dam the blood with he finger . Theo hang on , Jules , hang on ... Julian reach toward she throat , grab one of theo 's hand . she squeeze the hand . holding it tightly . Miriam rub she palm together , lay heal hand onto Julian 's head . holding they there . miriam she 's make she transition . theo still hold Julian 's wound and she hand . Miriam 's hand on she . Julian be dead . the car be silent . then -- approach from the distance , they hear siren . luke Jesus . it 's a police caravan , two squad car and a tactical van , come from the opposite direction ... luke play it cool , maintain he speed , as the caravan head right toward they ... the Police caravan fly past they , head for the scene of the ambush . there 's a moment of relief . until : ( continued ) 40 . continued : in luke 's rear-view mirror : one of the police vehicle break from the caravan , turn around , come back toward they . luke Jesus . siren scream , the police car follow , get closer . luke keep drive . kee go , go , go , go , go ! miriam you have to pull off . the policeman be right on they tail . there 's no choice . luke ease the car to a stop . road the police car skid to a stop behind the multipla . immediately , two policeman be out of they car , approach , gun draw , scream : cop 1 let 's see you hand ! cop 2 you hand , let 's see you hand ! in the multipla luke watch the two policeman approach . cop 2 out of the vehicle ! Miriam open she door , theo open he , start to get out . road luke step out he door , one hand raise in the air . luke we be attack by Zed -- cop i you hand ! luke pull he other hand from the car -- bang ! luke 's other hand be hold a gun , and he 's shot cop 1 through the heart . before cop 2 can react , luke swivel -- ( continued ) 41 . continued : bang ! luke get off another shot , take down cop 2 . cop 2 fire off a shot -- bang ! luke finish cop 2 . the echo of gunfire dissipate . theo stand there , take it in . the two cop lay bleed on the ground . silence . kee the fuck ? luke let 's go . Theo ( stunne ) what do you do ? miriam let 's go ! theo stay there , confuse . luke level the gun at theo . luke let 's go . luke point the gun at theo , who do not back down . he appear ready to finish with theo -- and Miriam can tell . miriam do not , luke . ( firmly to theo ) get in . now ! theo get in the car . luke give the gun to Miriam . int . multipla - drive -- day luke drive away . all business , take control . luke we will need a new car . we have to get off the main road -- Theo you just kill two man . luke we have no choice . Theo no choice -- ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : miriam he 's right . luke we will need to find a safe house . I know fish in this zone . Miriam reach forward , cover she hand over Julian 's eye . theo look at he bloody hand . ext . wood -- day theo hold Julian 's body by the arm and torso , drag she uphill through the wood , Miriam help with the foot . they lay Julian 's body between the tree . Miriam kneel beside she , praying a simple mantra . use she palm to gently cover she eye , she ear , she nose ... theo look at Julian , then turn away , anguish at the sight of she violent death . try to catch he breath . and the whole thing sink in , the pain welling , overcome he . Theo fuck ! miriam all be well . theo turn to Miriam . she have tear in she eye . Theo she be dead . miriam ( with certainty ) all be well . she die fulfil she duty . theo look at Julian one more time . : Theo Jesus . miriam whatever you choose to believe . theo look at Miriam , shake he head , incredulous . kee be wait down the hill , next to the multipla . kee luke be come . ( continued ) 43 . continued : honk ! honk ! a old vauxhaul sedan parking on the roadside . ext . road -- day the empty , batter multipla roll downhill , pick up speed , fly off the road over a steep embankment -- crash ! the multipla smashes into the dense wood below . disappear into the foliage , metal crash earth . theo , luke , Miriam and kee stand on the road next to the old English vauxhaul , circa 2008 . theo piss off , look like hell , he shirt stain with Julian 's blood . int . vauxhaul - drive -- night English rain ~~ steady , cold , bone-moistening . in the car , silence . Miriam look forward . the remnant of tear on kee 's face . theo sit in front , the wiper scraping shadow across he exhaust face . he 's numb , stare at the black night ahead of he . luke put on the turn signal . get off the main road . ext . muddy road -- continuous the vauxhaul struggle up a muddy rutte road . int . vauxhaul -- night luke honk three time . through the windshield , the headlight illuminate a old farm house . we see two man walk outside the door . one of they hold a rifle . luke Tom and Ian . they be loyal fish . ext . farm house -- continuous the vauxhaul park in front of the stone farm house . luke turn the car off . the two man come to meet they . tom ( 58 ) , strong , dark feature , farmer , with wrinkle that come from work the earth . ian ( 40 ) , short , fine feature , small town bureaucrat , the paleness of a man who work with paper in fluorescent light . Tom hold a rifle , a ar - 45 , the next generation . - ian everything 's be take care of . {continued ) 44 . continued : tom it n's a honor , sir . luke hide the car , Tom . do not block it . we have to push start it . tom yes , sir . luke ( be : kee and Miriam ) this be kee , this be Miriam . they 'il need a place to wash up and rest . we need to convene . kee how bout Julian 's mate ? ian we 'il watch he . luke he need a scrub . get he a clean shirt . we will send he back to London . int . bathroom ( farm house ) -- night theo stand in front of the mirror after he shower . the bathroom be small , dank , uncare for . theo wipe the mist off the mirror , see himself . reflected in the mirror , he see something on the wall behind he . he turn : a old photo . a weathered portrait from 30 year back , take in front of the same farm house : a man , a woman ... and they 5 child . all 5 kid hang on a tire swing hang from a large tree . a document from a world now go . int . bedroom ( farm house ) -- night theo walk out of the bathroom wear a fresh shirt . Tom be seat in a chair , wait , hold he rifle . tom shirt fit ? Theo it 's fine , thanks . tom ( proud ) we have get a important meeting go on . fish from all over the place . { continued ) 45 . continued : Beyond , through the door , luke be gather with 6 people we have not see before . tom luke send this for you . Tom hand he a bottle of whiskey . theo accept it with a smile -- the sad smile of someone aware of he condition . Theo you thank he for I . theo head for the door . tom if you be go out , take a coat . catch a cold in this weather . Tom point to the coat rack . ext . farm house -- night the rain have stop . theo , wear a coat , stand outside the farm house , take the first sip from the bottle . Tom pull on he coat as he catch up , hold he rifle . tom I be in charge of watch you . Theo you be do a good job , Tom . theo offer he the bottle . Tom shake he head . tom alcohol be a tool of the government to numb the people . theo take another swallow . Theo this you farm ? tom House be mine . consortium take the land and the cow . they pay I shite . theo notice the old tree . Theo that use to be a swing , right ? a tire swing . ( continued ) 46 . continued : tom yeh . a fray rope dangle from a thick branch , move with the breeze . a faint smile on Tom 's face , a memory . tom Children 's stuff . Theo yeah , child 's stuff . from a short distance , Miriam shout to theo : miriam faron , kee would like a word with you . she 's in the barn . ( to Tom ) it 's okay , tom. 1’11 watch he . theo give a nod to Tom , then start walk toward Miriam . tom Mr. faron . Theo yeah ? tom you talk funny . you be from America ? Theo yeah . tom I '' sorry about what happen there . Theo thank you , Tom . int . barn -- night theo come through the wooden door . miriam I 'il wait outside . Miriam close the door . theo be inside the old stone barn , housing 40 cow and industrial milk equipment . kee faron ? {continued ) 47 . continued : theo turn : toward the end of the barn , kee stand behind one of the cow . Theo you want to talk to I ? theo start walk toward she . kee you know they chop they cow 's tit ? they do -- zzzzt . fly , go , bye . only leave four . four fit the machine . it 's whacko . why not make machine that suck eight titty ? Theo that 's what you want to talk about . cow and titty ? kee Julian tell I ' bout you baby . theo look at she . kee Said it be not you fault . Theo do she tell you I be carry he ? kee Said there be a lotta of family that day . lotta kid . ' spose to be a peaceful demonstration . and then the soldier come . theo shaking he head , not want to remember . kee Said you blame yourself , but nothin 's you could do , it be not you fault . Theo I be carry he ! kee Said the baby 's name be Dylan . this land hard . ( continued } 48 . continued : ( 2 ) kee Said you give up . Said you give up ' fore the world do . Said you carry he memory like a ball and chain . theo feel the shackle . kee Dylan be Julian 's baby too . only she do not carry he like a ball and chain . she carry he like a balloon . Julian 's word resonate . kee Julian say anything go spooky , talk to he . Said I could trust you . Said you would get I out of England . Theo sorry , kid . it 's as far as I go . you have get friend , you 'il be all right . Nice chat with you . theo make to leave . kee you can not go . kee begin to unbutton the front of she dress . kee you can not leave I . Theo do not ... the dress slip from she shoulder . she cover she breast shyly . she be behind the cow , she chest bare . she be shiver . she look at theo . . kee get to help I . theo want no part of this . Theo ( annoyed ) do not ... kee step from behind the cow . her arm cover she swollen breast , she hand cover she panty . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) 49 . theo be freeze . the sight of she naked form . the curve of she hip . her hair dangle over she shoulder . she 's stare straight into he eye . Three million possibility cross he mind in a instant , but there be only one truth . kee be pregnant . instinctively , theo extend he hand , walk toward she swollen belly . kee allow it . theo gently rest he hand on she belly . impossibly stretch skin , hold new life . Theo oh. my. god. the door open -- luke enter the barn , follow by Ian and Miriam . luke what 's go on here ? kee immediately retreat , go behind the cow , cover herself up . luke what be this ? Miriam step forward . miriam she want he to know . luke nobody authorize it . miriam it 's she body . luke we be go to do what 's right . ( beat ) meet inside in five minute . ext . barn -- night theo , Miriam and kee walk to the farm house , Ian follow a few step behind . ( continued ) 50 . continued : . Theo this be crazy . you know what this child mean ? miriam we be very well aware of it . Theo you have be put she at risk . she need the best doctor -- miriam I '' a train midwife . Theo you be a midwife , twenty year ago . who know what could go wrong ? she need real doctor . miriam that 's what we be try to give she . Theo in France ? you know what 's go on in France ? kee France , wiffet . Iceland . miriam kee may be the clue to cure infertility . the human Project send a boat . kee Boat call '' the tomorrow . '' miriam we be suppose to meet it in the channel . int . farm house -- night on tv : slow motion , the multipla come in the opposite direction , the windshield blast out . the image be blurry , but luke , theo and Julian be recognizable . newswoman nos voice the killer be identify as luke Grissom , a ex - Catholic priest and one of the leader of the 5 fish terrorist group . ( more ) {continued } 51 . continued : newswoman 's voice ( cont 'd ) Julian Taylor , one of the founder of the terrorist group , who be think to have die two year ago in a domestic accident . and thelonios faron , a history _ professor at King 's College , with terrorist link to Taylor . photo on tv : Julian and luke 's police mug shot . theo 's King 's College id . newswoman 's the other passenger , two woman , have not yet be identify . the tv go off . luke stand up . lure this be national news , about a hour ago . he address a assembly of the 5 fish conven in the musty live room on sofa and chair . theo stand at the edge . he 's allow to observe , but he cannot vote . luke this be the reality of the situation . we identity have be disclose . it 's too dangerous to proceed with the original plan . kee squeeze Miriam 's hand -- Miriam respond : miriam what about Iceland ? luke we miss we chance . miriam we can still make it through bexhill -- luke it 's too dangerous . Theo ( interrupt ) make it public . theo 's uninvite opinion draw glare from around the room . miriam two year ago , another woman get pregnant . { more ) ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) miriam ( cont 'd ) the government take she away , under the pretext that one baby would bring false hope . they do experiment on she . Problem be , the best scientist be in Iceland . she miscarry . then they kill she . Theo how do you know that ? miriam the doctor involved be put in prison . I meet one . luke address the other . luke this pregnancy must remain secret . we will drive North , to Glasgow . we have strong cell there . when the moment come , this child will be we most powerful weapon to take the government down . miriam Julian say this should not be about politics . luke it be about politics . whoever control this child control destiny . that destiny do not belong to Iceland . it belong to England . fish right ... absolutely ... England . miriam that be not the agreement . ian this be new circumstance . there be new leadership . I be sure all fish will follow . this be luke 's moment -- he seize it . luke we have be struggle to keep the flame of dignity alive . but it have be hard . Brothers and sister , you know how hard it have be . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) fish ( grumble ) yeah ... that 's right ... luke some of we be kill . ( look sympathetically at Tom ) some of we lose love one . Tom nod . the fish be solemn . luke some of we be beat . some of we be imprison . some of we be torture , humiliate . and right when we might have lose hope , when tyranny have step on we and nearly crush we , when the flame be about to be extinguish ... a torch appear in the form of a child . and its fire will destroy tyranny . this child will be we new beginning . this child belong to England . the fish have speak . fish the fish have speak ! the fish look to luke , unify -- they have find they new leader . ext . farm house -- night the farm be quiet . one light burn in the live room . Tom keep guard at the door . int . bedroom -- night one Fish asleep in the single bed , another in the top bunk bed , snore . theo lay in the lower bunk , wide awake , reeling , try to make sense of all that have happen . he hear : the hum of a small motor in the distance , get closer . then 3 tinny honk . theo creep out of bed , pad over to the window . outside : a small motorcycle come unsteadily up the rutte mud road . the driver be barely hold a dangle body , hardly able to keep the motorcycle upright . the motorcycle arrive at the front door . Tom step forward . ( continued } 54 . continued : immediately , luke come out the door , accompany by Ian , follow by two other fish . luke give a order : one Fish be send back inside . then two fish grab the unconscious man , carry he toward the barn . theo hear footstep . somebody come up the stair . theo move quickly back to bed , make like he 's asleep . the door open . Tom walk in . he give a shove to the Fish sleep in the single bed . tom come now . the sleep Fish stir . fish 1 huh ? what ? tom luke want we . it 's a alert . Tom 's leg cross in front of theo , as he shake the Fish in the upper bunk . tom it 's a alert . fish 2 shite ! what ? tom quiet . come now . both fish climb out of they bed . they follow Tom out , close the door . as soon as they leave , theo open he eye . he get out of bed , go to the window , and see : luke , Ian and the motorcycle driver be walk toward the house . luke be clearly agitate . theo go to the door and open it : the hallway be empty . Tom and the other walk down the stair . as soon as they disappear , theo follow . he have no shoe . int . hallway theo come down the stair . he see : luke and Ian walk in the house . he recognize the motorcycle driver : it 's patric . cut , bloody , clothes tear , soak to the bone . ( continued ) 55 . continued : Ian address Fish 1 and Fish 2 , who have just come from bed . tan take the motorcycle to the barn . fish 1 done . the fish head off . ian stay in extreme alert . ( to Tom ) you have any medicine ? tom mostly for cow . ian hydrogen peroxide , bandage , clean towel , whatever you have , bring it to the barn . Tom disappear straightaway into the bathroom . luke , patric , and Ian go to the kitchen . and close the door . theo walk down the stair , head toward the back door . Tom walk from bathroom with a armful of medicine and supplies . no place to go , theo lean back against he wall , wait for Tom to pass . Tom leave by the front door . theo quietly walk to the back . ext . farm house -- night theo come out the back door ... squish ! theo 's expression -- he sock be soak in the cold mud . he sloshes quietly alongside the farm house , no coat , shiver in the cold . he reach kitchen window and see : luke pace , patric in a chair , Ian lean on the table . | luke what be you think ? by whose order ? you realize you put the whole mission in jeopardy ? patric what be I suppose to do ? you see how he be ! bloody piece of pulp . and all the fuckin’ police come . we have to hide in the wood . ( more ) { continued ) continued : 56 . patric ( cont 'd ) oh , man , I do not know what 's wrong , I think he 's all break inside , I be tell you , he need a doctor . luke you should not have come . it be not authorize . patric he 's my cousin ! tan do not worry , we be take care of he . theo have see enough . he step away from the window , sloshing back along the side of the house . hear the last fragment of conversation . patric ( off ) it 's that fucker 's fault , he open the fuck door ! lure ( off ) you sure nobody follow you ? patric I '' sure . I should have shot he first , but I do not have a clean shot , I be afraid I have hit the girl . luke ( off ) tomorrow you can take care of he . int . farm house - hallway -- night theo be at the door of another room . check to make sure it 's all clear , he enter : int . another bedroom -- continuous Miriam sit up in bead . : miriam what do you want ? Theo shhhh . we need to talk . kee awaken -- kee what 's the matter ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : Theo luke kill Julian . miriam bullshit . Theo that be patric on the motorcycle . we need to get out of here . miriam we be not go anywhere . Theo kee , Julian tell you to trust I . ext . farm house -- niget theo look out the side door . there 's a row of six car park in front of he . two fish stand nearby . activity in the barn . he step out the door ... squish ! theo 's expression -- he forget to get he shoe . he continue , move quietly to the car in front of he . he open the door ... inside the 1st car through the windshield , theo see the fish up ahead . he reach down to the hood release -- pook ! the hood pop open . the fish do not hear it . outside the 1st car theo squatting , sneaking around to the front of the car . lift the hood quietly . reaching in ... yanking out the distributor cap . he gently let the hood down . inside the 2nd car theo repeat the operation . pook ! he open the hood . he 's about to get out , when : Fish 2 return from the barn , head directly to the car , he hand and coat bloody . theo hunch on the car floor . fish 2 ( to the nearby fish ) man , I do not think he 's go to make it . Fish 2 reach into the car , just above theo 's head , feel for : a pack of cigarettes on the dash . ( continued ) 58 . continued : fish 2 ( continue ) his bone be stick out , no skin , no way to hold the blood in ... Fish 2 snag the cigarettes , walk away . fish 2 ( as he leave ) ++- and all that sand and dirt stick in there , how be they ever gonna get that out ? hear Fish 2 leave , theo reach over to the hood release switch -- pook ! int . farm house -- night theo enter the side door . kee and Miriam wait just inside . Theo let 's go . ext . farm house --- before dawn Day about to break . it 's dark , and the cloud be bloody red . theo peer out the side door : two fish be stand near the front , try to stay alert , try to stay warn . theo lead kee and Miriam to the vauxhaul , the first car park in the row . quietly open the back door for kee . she slip into the back , while Miriam slip into the front door . they close the door without shutting they . inside the vauxhaul theo slip into the front seat , gently close he door . through the windshield : the fish have not notice . . Theo okay ... the key be in the ignition . theo turn it -- ha-rumph ! after the first spark , the engine die . through the windshield : 2 nearby fish react to the sputter . Theo ( quietly ) shit ! ( continued ) 59 . continued : theo try again -- ha-rumph ! nothing . miriam what happen ? Theo battery 's dead . through the windshield : the fish start walk to the car . fish 6 Mark ? theo release the brake and push in the clutch -- the car start roll slowly down the steep muddy road . in the direction of the approach fish . Theo shut the door ! Miriam and kee and theo pull they door shut . Miriam hit a switch -- fwick ! the car door lock . fish 6 Mark ? top of driveway the vauxhaul pick up a little speed , bounce down the steep rutte road , head right at the fish . fish 6 ( shouting the alarm ) alert ! theo check the speedometer : 5 mph . middle of driveway Fish 5 stand in the muddy track , hold up he gun , point it at the oncoming car . fish 5 stop ! the car still come . Fish 5 about to shoot ... house luke step out of the door -- luke no ! don ’t shoot ! 60 . middle of driveway Fish 5 look confuse , the car still come at they . he lower he gun . he and Fish 6 try stop the car with they hand , but the weight and momentum of the car surpass they strength . they have to step aside . more fish come run from the barn . patric tear out of the house . luke the girl 's in the car ! do not shoot ! ian somebody get a car ! middle of driveway Fish 5 and 6 chase down the slow move car , grab the door , but they be lock . Fish 5 stick he hand through the half open window , try to pull the car to a stop ... inside vauxhaul kee punch the intrude hand , try to break its grip , but Fish 5 hang on ... top of driveway more fish join the chase . so do patric , run down the muddy road after the car ... two other fish head for the row of park car . inside vauxhaul kee bite the hand try to pull back the car . Fish 5 yelp , release he grip , allow the car to gain momentum . Fish 6 slip down in the mud . top of driveway Fish 2 step 's from the car . fish 2 it will not start ! inside vauxhaul theo turn : they now have some distance from they pursuer . he check the speedometer -- 10 mph . { continued ) 61 . continued : ' Theo okay , okay , okay ... here we go ... theo shift into 2nd gear , release the clutch -- ha-rumph ! the car shudder , but do not start . he try it again -- ha - rumph ! no success . and now the car be almost stop . kee look out the back window : the fish be gain . kee they be come ! theo let out the clutch , allow the car to start roll down the hill . Theo nbegge the car ) go , go , go , go , go .... the fish get closer . patric be come full speed , run faster than the rest . top of driveway at the row of car , two fish push a 2nd car into motion . as it pick up speed , both fish jump in , the momentum carry they downhill ... inside vauxhaul they approach the end of the muddy track , one big ditch , right before it intersect the paved road . speedometer : 9 mph . theo shift into 2nd gear , about to release the clutch , when he turn to see : patric have catch up , run even with back bumper , gain . middle of driveway the 2nd car come downhill pick up speed . inside vauxhaul theo can not afford to slow down , let the car keep roll . patric catch up , keep pace , locating theo , raise a pistol . ( continued ) 62 . continued : patric ( shouting ) get a shot ! get a clean shot ! theo in disbelief , patric run alongside , about to shoot he at close range , when kee kick open she door -- fwar ! kee 's door hit patric 's back , trip he up , send he tumble , bounce hard across the mud and rock . the car head right for the ditch -- Theo hold on -- ! bottom of driveway the car crash into the ditch , throw up mud -- inside vauxhaul theo , kee and Miriam bounce with the impact ... pave road the momentum carry the car through the ditch , fly up onto the paved road , where it bounce to a complete stop . inside vauxhaul theo look back at kee . Theo you okay ? kee yeah , just go , go , go ! bottom of driveway the fish still run down toward they . the 2nd car be come fast , right at they fish 's back ... pave road theo jump out of the vauxhual . Theo ( to Miriam ) you know how to push start a car ? Miriam slide over to the driver 's seat . {continued ) 63 . continued : miriam just push , push ! theo run to the back of he car . he 's wear only sock . he start push . as the car start pick up a little speed -- ha-rumph ! Miriam release the clutch . stop the car . Theo ( annoyed ) wait till it go faster ! theo look back : bottom of driveway the fish part , make way for the fast come 2nd car . Fish 2 do not get the message , still in front of the car . voice move away , off the road -- too late . the 2nd car run down Fish 2 , just as it smashes into the ditch , the momentum carry it to : pave road the 2nd car bounce to a stop . not 30 yard from theo . down the pave road theo be push for all he 's worth . his sock be bloody . the car pick up speed . he turn to see : the fish have jump out of the 2nd car , run toward they , catch up ... Theo ( to Miriam ) now ! now ! the car shudder , the reluctant engine hesitate a moment , before -- va-room ! the engine finally roar to life . the car now be pull away from theo . he turn : the fish be gain . one pull out a gun , aim ... Miriam stop the car , 10 yard ahead , theo gasp , try to make it , kee look from the back window . {continued ) 64 . continued : fish 4 ( see kee ) do not shoot ! behind they , more fish have reach the paved road , join the chase . theo reach the car , the door open from inside . inside vauxhaul theo jump in . Theo go , go , go , go ! Miriam shift it into gear , the car lurching forward . through the back window , we see the fish recede . behind they , the sun crack the horizon , rise . miriam now what ? Theo I do not know . theo about to vomit , out of shape , out of air -- on the verge of complete collapse . Theo what about bexhill ? miriam the human Project send a float hospital . it 's disguise as a fishing boat , but the cabin be equip with the best surgical equipment , and the best doctor . it 's follow the cod run . yesterday be the rendezvous in dover . the only other one be in bexhill , tomorrow , until sunset . kee '' the tomorrow . '' ( off he look ) name of the boat . gonna be next to a buoy . with flasher . theo still gasp air into he lung , look at kee . Theo you all right ? kee cheedo. 65 . ext . road -- day ( later ) the vauxhaul pull off a small road near some wood . ext . side of the road -- continuous theo get out of the car . he walk to the middle of the road , make sure nobody be there . then he go to the false hedge by the tree . lift the bush , move they away ... ext . wood -- day the car crossing the narrow dirt track in the wood . int . car - drive ~-- continuous through the windshield , we be approach a house rig with make - shift solar panel . jasper 's house . ext . jasper ’'s house -~ day the car park in front , next to jasper 's car . theo climb out . he go to the front door and knock . Theo jasper . hello ? theo open the door . int . jasper' house theo walk into the house . Theo jasper ? the house be a mess . glass and dirty plate , book leave strewn around . he walk into : jasper studio from behind : jasper on the sofa , he hand dangle lifelessly off the armrest ... a bottle of pill spill on the floor . on theo 's face , hesitantly approach around the couch ... jasper lay in peaceful repose , he long hair partially obscure he face . the sack contain Janice 's ash on he lap , open , he other hand clutching some of the ash . theo let out a painful sigh . he lean to he old friend . push the hair away from jasper 's face , when -- ( continued ) 66 . continued : jasper open ‘his eye . jasper huh ...? theo react -- Theo fuck ! jasper fuck you ! the two man share a look -- they nearly scared each other to death . a hint of jasper 's old mischief flash in he face . jasper amigo ... but it fade away , and jasper break down , sobbing . theo lean down and hug he old friend . jasper I can not make it , theo . I can not make it without she ... theo hold jasper . kee and Miriam enter the room . Theo jasper . meet kee . theo swivel jasper around . jasper look at kee -- disbelief , recognition ... awe . int . jasper ‘s kitchen -- day theo 's wretch foot soaking in a bucket of water . jasper at the stove , fry egg . jasper .-. the bloke who start the great cathedral know bloody well they have never see they finish . but they build they . you know why ? the certainty . they have faith that the new generation would complete what they start . Lovely , be not it ? faith and certainty . jasper look at kee , she foot propped up , munch biscuit . ( continued ) 67 . continued : jasper kee , you baby be the miracle the whole world have be praying for . hallelujah , hosanna , shanti , shanti , shanti . jasper deliver kee a plateful of egg . Theo we need to get to bexhill . jasper how ? Theo what about the border cop ? the guy who run you pot . jasper syd ? Theo could he get we over ? all eye on theo . Theo get he to arrest we . like foogies . we get deport into bexhill . jasper consider this . jasper waaaaaaah ! that 's good , amigo ! deport like foogies . I like it . jasper look at kee. jasper kee , everything be go to be quite groovy . the old man be young again . ext . jasper 's house -- day Miriam near the wood , do thai chi exercise . int . jasper 's live room -- day theo watch Miriam through the window , open he flask . kee be laid out comfortably on the couch , she expose belly propped on a pillow . a fire blaze in the chimney . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ' kee she doin’ she craze ? Theo hm ? theo sip from he flask . kee her flittin’ . Theo ( smile ) uh huh . kee she smite I with that . Said it be good for my baby . and my shocker . Theo chakras . kee yeah . she look posh to you ? or gawky ? theo observe Miriam -- stand on one foot , the other hover in the air , try to keep she balance . Theo she look earnest . theo turn : kee 's beautiful belly , light softly by the firelight . he 's about to sip he flask , but stop . Theo how long have ... how many month -- ? kee eight. ( off he look ) take nine month . Theo ahum . silence . the fire crackle . treo and who 's the , who 's the -- kee ( sharp ) Father ? that what you wanna know ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) Theo uh huh . kee whiffet . I 'ma virgin . Theo huh ? kee cha , be wick , eh ? Theo that it would . theo smile . kee fuck know . omar. sammy . phil . most of they wanker do not know they name . do some for quid , some for drug . some ... fuck know , I be horny . you know the cock 'o bull . theo do not know , still hold he flask , not drink . Theo ahun . through the window : jasper walk out of the greenhouse , a small backpack around he shoulder . kee when I start puke , think I catch the pest . and I think -- '' bitch , you be whoppingly fuck . '' but then I belly start gettin’ big , and I think -- '' this not big fart stick in my belly ! '' no , this fuckin’ spooky . never see a pregnant woman . nobody ever tell I this thing . but I know . get a baby in my tummy . cheedo , eh ? Theo uh huh . from outside , they hear : '' huh ! huh ! huh ! '' Miriam exhaling loudly , a breathe exercise . kee I feel like a freak . I be ' barrass . I be 's fraid . do not tell no body . I think about that quietus thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 3 ) kee ( cont 'd ) * spose to be suave . pretty music , treat you cheedo . ( beat ) then the baby kick . kee break into a big smile , she mood now bright . kee whew ! I feel he . Little bastard be ' live . a and ... I feel it . I too . I be ' live . ( beat ) do not know what to do . talk to I mate , he know the fish . told I they would help I . I meet Julian . she be suave . Theo ( smile ) she be suave . theo consider a drink . then close he flask . jasper walk in the door . jasper rock and roll . ext . hill -- day jasper with the backpack , lead the group up the hill through the wood , he house behind they . they be bundle in coat against the cold , kee in a cloak that hide she pregnant belly . theo stop . Theo no-man 's land . a cold steel jag - tooth barb wire fence cut across the wood : '' military zone . positively no trespassing . '' kee no-man 's land ? jasper search the fence . jasper the two mile zone around bexhill , dear . nobody 's suppose to be in it . make it easy for the migra to bag foogies that try to escape from the camp . ( find it ) here . jasper locate the spot : a cut in fence . ( continued ) 71 . continued : jasper Old smuggle route . jasper pull back the barb wire . jasper theo , you go first . theo step through -~- rip ! his pant leg tear . Theo shit . jasper get the skin ? Theo Nah . jasper grab the other side . you turn , kee . ext . wood ( no man ’'s land ) -- late afternoon the light be fade . the group walk across a long clear , near the end . kee move steadily with theo 's help . Miriam have a fist full of wild flower . jasper ( to theo ) how be the dog ? Theo huh ? jasper you foot . theo be wear a old pair of boot . Theo ( in pain ) uh . jasper almost there . ( gesture ) other side of the hill . they arrive at the end of the clear , at the wood . then , in the silence -- woof ! ( continued ) 72 . continued : miriam there ... other side of the clearing a german shepherd howl the call for the hunt . Three more german shepherd - come run from the wood , now run together in a pack . running toward the group . end of the clearing the group start run toward the wood area ahead . jasper Quick -- go ! middle of the clearing the pack of dog close the gap . in the tree the group keep run . Miriam be in front , theo at kee 's side , help she . jasper look over he shoulder . Theo how far ? jasper we be not go to make it . end of the clearing the pack of dog enter the tree . in the tree jasper stop . jasper ( to theo ) go ! take the girl ! i'11 stay . Theo what ? theo stop . jasper I all be fine , amigo . if I do not move , they will not do much . jasper toss he the backpack . ( continued ) 73 . continued : jasper give this to syd . go to the road . he 's patrol at this time . when he stop , tell he I send you . if he do not believe you , tell he he 's a fascist pig ! theo hesitate . jasper go! Miriam near the top of the hill , call back : miriam hurry ! theo start run again , hold onto kee . jasper kee ! kee look back . jasper stand alone in the wood . jasper it 's go to be groovy ! kee smile , theo pull she along . Miriam have reach the top of the hill . miriam come ont in the tree woof ! woof ! the pack of dog run through the wood , drunk on they hunt instinct ... further ahead jasper pick up a branch . get he grip . hold he ground . jasper ( to himself ) Goodbye , Ruby Tuesday , who could hang a name on you ... watch the pack of dog charge ... on top of the hill theo and kee have make it to the top . he turn to see , barely visible at a distance , mostly obscure by tree : 74 . in the tree 's the first dog leap at jasper . he swing he branch , hit the dog backwards . immediately , the other three dog attack , the victorious frenzy of the pack bring down its prey . on top of the hill theo block kee 's view of this , lead she to the other side of the hill . ahead of they , Miriam be near the road . they run to catch up . ext . road -- late afternoon theo and kee catch up to Miriam on the side of the road , as -- a immigration police humvee appear from around the curve , bear down , headlight shine on they . miriam be that syd ? Theo I do not know . miriam what do we do ? the spotlight turn on , glaring on they ... Theo back , go back -- = they start run back to the wood . the humvee stop . a border cop climb out , point he gun . border cop stop . the group be light by the spotlight , just short of the wood . border cop stop , I will shoot you . theo stop with kee , Miriam still run . Theo stop -- stop ! Miriam finally stop , the three of they stand still . wait . pant . the rumbling of the humvee engine . ( continued ) 75 . continued : and the footstep of the border cop as he step through the grass , approach they , point he gun ... border cop let 's see you hand ... they raise they hand , theo hold up jasper 's backpack . Theo this be from jasper -- border cop Drop it ! Theo jasper say -- border cop Drop it or I '1l shoot you ! a beat . Theo you be a fascist pig -- border cop what do you say ? the border cop advance , he gun point blank in theo 's face . border cop what do you say ? Theo you be a fascist pig . the border cop crack a big smile . ext . road -- night the humvee park on the side of the road . syd ( off ) ( laugh ) .-- that 's what he use to call I , '' corrupt fascist pig . '' last century , they use the word '' fascist '' a lot . int . border cop humvee -- dusk syd ( the border cop ) sit up front , smoking a cigarette . mid - 50 's , thick -body , life - long cop . he love he mother but would sell she for the right price . ( continued ) 76 . continued : sy yd wiggy old bastard . he be so proud of he weed . always ask more than it be worth . jerry -- pimply border cop , 30 -~ sit beside he . he pull a brick of marijuana out of the backpack and hand it to syd . theo , kee and Miriam sit in back , behind metal mesh . syd could get the same shit - way cheaper - from the Zed , but syd like buy from he . straight chap , a true gentleman . God bless he . kee moan with sudden pain . she shoot a look of alarm at Miriam . syd what 's with the Zed ? she sick ? miriam nothing . Miriam take kee 's hand , reassure . syd she 's not go to puke , be she ? jerry can not wash out puke . smell never go away - miriam she 's fine . at a distance , we see a bus approach . syd usually it 's people try to get out of bexhill , not in . syd do not know why you want to get in , syd do not wanna to know , syd do not care . when they release you , stroll out with the rest of the detainee . you will see a statue of a soldier . syd will contact marichka . she 's a arab , gypsy or something . syd will tell she to meet you there . she will arrange fine accommodation for the evening . syd open the door . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 2 ) syd you ‘’re foogies now . so show syd a big sad face , come on , let 's see they ... ( show they a sad face ) c'mon , sad foogie face . and do not speak English . jerry no such thing as a English foogie . syd Jerry 's right . through the window , a bus approach down the road . syd it 's be syd 's privilege to serve you . ext . road -- continuous syd get out of the humvee , raise he arm to stop the bus . inside the back of the humvee -- theo look at kee with concern . Theo ( to Miriam ) be she okay ? miriam she have a contraction . ( off he look ) it 's normal . syd open they door . syd all right , foogies . out ! move . ext . road -- continuous theo slide out of the humvee , help kee down , Miriam follow . walk to the '' immigration control '' bus -- a old school bus , paint over , the window cover with bar . the driver be inside , a armed guard next to he . a steel cage behind the driver . syd go on , get in . theo , kee and Miriam step on : 78 . int . immigration control bus -- continuous the steel cage door open . theo , kee and Miriam step in . the cage door close behind they . they start make they way down the aisle , look for a seat . forlorn , malnourish , desperate , trap face of capture refugee stare back at they . fhe bus lurch , drive forward . kee moan with the sudden jolt . theo steady she . Miriam find a empty seat . miriam here . they help kee into a seat , Miriam sit by the window . theo sit across the aisle . through the window , he see : syd and he humvee , recede behind they . theo feel a yank on he shirt . he turn : it 's a withere old couple , filthy , pitiful , hungry . the Old woman put she finger to she mouth , the universal plea for food , speak in a language theo can not understand , probably german . theo shrug . he have nothing to offer . ext . road -- night the bus travel along road . the light of the city ahead . int . immigration control bus -- night kee react to a shoot pain . ree ( in pain ) uhh ! other refugee turn . theo realize they be draw attention . Theo _ ( whisper to Miriam ) you sure this be normal ? miriam ( quietly ) should not be this frequent . she 's only in she eight month . ( to kee ) breathe through they . just breathe . kee can not fuckin’ breathe -- {continued ) 79 . continued : theo look outside : the bus stop at a check Point illuminate with spotlight . one bus already ahead of they . kee Miriam ... I be all wet . Water drip down she leg , form a tiny puddle on the floor . miriam her water break . this baby 's come . Theo she can not have the baby now . miriam ( glare at theo ) that 's very insightful . kee react to the beginning of a new contraction . kee ( gritting ) uhhh ... miriam just breathe , sweetie . everything be perfect . ( to theo ) how long to get there ? Theo they nre check a bus ahead of we . ext . check point ~-- continuous we bus be park behind another bus . the check Point be wire off with a major steel fence , trim with razor wire . from the bus in front , Police violently yank off three refugee , vicious dog bark at they . int . immigration control bus -- continuous kee breathe through a contraction . miriam what 's go on ? Theo I do not know . theo look to see : the Police push the three refugee , force they to they knee . the three refugee plead . ( continued ) - 80 . continued : dog bark , one of the Police hit a refugee with a rifle butt . the man collapse . another Police kick the refugee . the overhead lamp turn on , shine harsh light . kee be still breathe through she contraction . two policeman enter we bus . the lst policeman be hold a dog , walk slowly down the aisle , check the face of refugee . a 2nd policeman follow . some refugee react kee 's labor breathe , look back at she . theo and Miriam share a look of concern . miriam shhh .... the ist policeman glare at a refugee , who avert he face . policeman look up ! ( no response from refugee ) look up , you shit ! the 1st policeman pull the refugee up by he hair . policeman out ! . refugee ( plead ) pieta’ , pieta’ , no , no , no , it prego , un po’ di compassione ... the 1st policeman keep walk . the 2nd policeman yank the refugee out of he seat , drag by he hair to the front of the bus , push he off . the refugee be shove into the group of kneel refugee . in the bus , the dog start bark . theo , Miriam and kee tense , as the dog drag the lst policeman forward . the dog be in now front of kee , bark at she , smell something it have never smell before . the lst policeman look at kee : she be breathe hard , clutching the tube of the seat in front of she , look at the floor , in the middle of a contraction . policeman what 's wrong with she ? Miriam be freeze . the dog bark . the policeman yank kee up by she hair , twist she face toward he . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) policeman ( angry ) I say , what 's wrong with she ? kee 's contort face , she eye wide , wet , terrify . Theo {with a accent ) caca . the policeman turn to theo . policeman what ? Theo caca . caca , piss . theo point to the floor . the policeman see the puddle . Theo caca , piss , girl , big mess . smell ! policeman ( recoil slightly ) smell it yourself . the policeman yank the leash , but the dog keep bark at kee , not want to move . policeman ( yanking harder ) snoopy . the policeman walk past , head off the bus . Miriam look at theo with relief . ext . check point -- night the bus rumble to life , lurching forward , head through a steel fence corridor ... int . immigration control bus -- night out the window , we see the corridor , fence in steel , reinforce with razor wire , hopeless face look through the gap ... the bexhill fence . ext . bexhill -- night the bus be park . refugees pile out , guard dog bark at they heel . theo and Miriam help kee down . ( continued } 82 . continued : it 's a chaos .of people . Guards wield night stick , herding the group to the final gate . approach the threshold , theo see a sign frame the gate : '' acceptance be endurance '' . ext . ruined square -- continuous theo , kee and Miriam emerge from the gate , look around , disorient , lose . this be bexhill . what use to be a industrial port town be now a seal - off refugee camp , barely light by occasional street lamp with uneven current . kee suddenly stop , double up -- a new contraction . the flow of refugee keep push behind they , push they forward , kee stop pain -- kee bloody hell ! Miriam hold kee for support . miriam ( urgent ) she ' 's about to deliver this baby . a man walk past , look at they curiously . pale skin , knit cap , hook nose . theo see : the statue of a soldier . Theo wait here . theo head to the statue , a wwi soldier hold a bayonet rifle , charge . the plaque read : '' lose generation . '' theo walk around the pedestal . yap ! yap ! a tiny runt dog nip at he heel , scare the hell out of he . Theo shit ... theo turn to see a woman : marichka . olive skin , 40 , the exhaust eye of someone who accept the hardship of life as fate . she know when to duck . Theo marichka ? 83. ext . rickshaw -- night theo help kee into a motorize rickshaw , Miriam already sit in back . marichka sit in front , wrap in a old wool coat , the dog on she lap . Miriam look back anxiously . theo turn and see the hook - nosed man walk towards they . Theo you know he ? miriam I might . let 's go. ( to marichka ) go! marichka revs the rickshaw into motion . through the back window : the hook -nose man run after they , but he can not catch the accelerate rickshaw . he recede behind they . miriam a few month ago , one of the bexhill fence be blow up . a big group of foogies stampede through the hole . Theo I see the news . miriam the foogie escape be a only smoke screen . what we be actually do be smuggle some of we people inside . to organize cell . Theo smoke screen kill lot of foogies . miriam I know , but it be luke 's plan . he believe we need strong cell in bexhill . he call they missionary . ext . street of bexhill -- night the rickshaw cross through the dark street . small , jury - rig plastic tent around the sidewalk . people warming they hand around scattered pile of burn rubbish -- watch suspiciously at the pass rickshaw . 84 , ext . rickshaw - drive -- continuous kee come out of a painful contraction , theo and Miriam support she on either side . kee look at Miriam . kee this gonna hurt , yeh ? miriam yes . ext . alley -- night the rickshaw park in front of a building , trash pile around the street . marichka get off , lead they into a doorway . the sound of dog howling and argue in the night . int . stairway - build -- night the dog hopping up the stair , marichka next , hold a butane lantern , lead they up the dark stairwell . kee stop suddenly , hold herself against the wall , in pain . kee fucking ! litile shit ! bastard ! miriam breathe through it ... kee fuck all ! Theo one more flight ... marichka start prattling to they in a language they cannot understand , possibly romanian -- kee fuck you ! ; miriam come on sweetie , you have to make it . the baby be tell you he want to come out . Theo can she make it ? miriam ( defiant ) she can make it . ( continued ) 85 . continued : the contraction pass . kee nod . theo and Miriam help she up the stair . int . bare apartment -- night the door open . the little dog scamper inside , use a chair as a springboard , leap onto the table , and through the break window yap he presence to the dog bark outside . theo and Miriam help kee into the room . marichka set the butane lamp on the table . the room be naked , peel wall , break window pane , a rough mat on the floor . cold enough to see you breath . Miriam immediately pull the mat to the center of the room . kee double up with another contraction -- ree fuck all ! marichka try to explain something they can not understand , point at 2 bucket of water , the dog yapping and yapping . miriam ( to theo ) make she go . Miriam pluck a shard of glass from the break window . theo go to marichka , turn she toward the door . Theo thank you , marichka , we appreciate you help ... that all be all ... kee hold herself on the table , moan with the pain . Miriam dip the glass shard into the bucket -- break a thin layer of ice cover the water , clean the shard . marichka turn , point at kee , agitate , prattling on . Miriam give theo the glass shard . : miriam hold this . get she out ! Theo nescort marichka out ) she 's fine , she 's fine , just eat something funny ... marichka be outside the door , take out a candle . marichka Santo ! ( continued ) 86 . continued : the little dog get he final yap in , jump off the table , join he master . Miriam help kee down onto the mat . miriam we be go to lay down now . slowly . kee kneel onto the mat with Miriam 's help . miriam do not push yet . marichka lighting the candle , still talk as she start down the stair with Santo . theo close the door . miriam give I you flask . theo look at she , confuse . miriam you flask , get you flask ! theo take the flask from he pocket . miriam open it . still pinching the shard of glass , theo unscrew the flask top . Miriam hold out she hand . miriam pour . theo pour the alcohol on Miriam 's hand . kee moan in pain . miriam ( reassure kee -- and herself ) this be it . everything be fine . all we have to do be flow through it . Miriam dip she hand into the bucket of water . ' miriam ( to theo ) give I you shirt . theo pull off he coat , unbuttone he shirt , still pinching the shard of glass . he hand Miriam he shirt . miriam sterilize you hand . and the glass . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) theo take a quick , small drink from he flask . then pour the rest of the alcohol over he hand and the glass shard . Miriam go to kee , who be lay on the mat , clutching , grab -- agony . kee noooo ! Miriam kneel by kee 's leg , push away she dress , put theo 's shirt under she . see : miriam she 's completely dilate . ( to theo ) hurry ! theo finish clean he hand in the bucket . miriam ( to theo ) put the glass on the scarf . get behind she . kneel . theo obey , clumsy -- he have no idea what to do . miriam her head -- take she head . ( theo comply ) on you lap , let it rest . kee scream , in the throes ... miriam take she hand ! theo take she hand , but kee writhes , pull they away . miriam grab they ! theo take kee 's hand more forcefully . kee I can not ~- I can not do this ! miriam trust you body . you body know what to do . now push . kee I can not fuck do it ! ( continued } 88 . continued : ( 3 ) miriam push . kee fuck you ! miriam push . kee push -- she hot breath visible in the cold room . miriam beautiful . just like that . keep breathe . again . now push . harder . kee push with all she might . miriam good . Gather you strength . grab he . kee clutches theo 's hand harder -- although we can see she breath , she be cover in sweat . miriam good job , theo . Theo ahum . miriam push . kee push -~ she breath visible . miriam yes ... that 's it , just like that . again . kee push -- a round object appear , emerge from blood , the vagina expand ... Miriam witness this , utterly amaze ... miriam oh , Lord . there he be . kee scream -- excruciate pain -- fear . kee I can not ! I can not ! I can not ! miriam all the woman who have ever give birth be with you right now . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 4 ) miriam ( cont 'd ) they be with you kee. ( firm ) push . kee push -- the head impossibly stretch open the vagina , come through ... miriam push . theo hold onto kee , blow away . Theo ( awkward ) you be do great . kee look up at theo , she face wet with sweat and tear , a little reassure . Miriam watch : the baby 's blue head emerge completely ... miriam the head 's out . my God , look at that . ( urgent ) push , kee . Theo push . kee push -- the rest of the baby 's body flow out ina stream of blood , Miriam support the emerge mass ... miriam here he come , here he come ... kee push mightily , theo barely able to hold she hand -- miriam you be nearly there ... kee scream she extraordinary effort , tapping the reservoir of female strength , give she body over to the new life come through it , to life itself , the miracle -- kee fucking GOD !!! -- the baby burst forth , a bloody explosion of life ... Miriam pull it free , still hook by the umbilical cord , the placenta spilling out in a final bloody exclamation ~- there be a moment , a pause . theo hold kee. both of they look to Miriam . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 5 ) for the first time in eighteen year , four month , two day , sixteen hour and eight minute , a human child have be bear . Miriam hold the newborn baby , all blue , cover in white speck , give off steam in the cold room . miriam it 's a girl . kee how 's my baby ? miriam she 's perfect . theo , come . kee lemme see she ! theo lay kee back down on the mat . move to Miriam . miriam ( gesture to she scarf ) take the glass . theo take the glass shard off the scarf . miriam cut it . Theo what ? miriam the cord . : Theo where ? miriam here . kee what 's you do ? gimme my baby ! miriam in a moment . theo hesitates with the glass shard . miriam it do not hurt . theo put the glass against the umbilical cord and slice . the cord split , spurting a bit of blood . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 6 ) Miriam yank off one of she bracelet , give it to theo . miriam tie it . here . any knot will do . theo tie off the umbilical cord with the string bracelet . - kee what 's wrong ? she okay ? miriam she 's beautiful . ( to theo ) get the shirt . theo take the shirt from under kee and hand it to Miriam . she clean the white , cheese - like residue from the baby . theo watch , freak out . miriam scarf . open it . theo open the scarf . Miriam expertly wrap the baby in it . Theo be not they suppose to cry ? miriam she all cry . when she 's hungry . now , she want mommy . kee fuckin 'a . Miriam offer the wrap baby to kee . theo return to he spot , support kee from behind . kee accept she child , hold she , smile . kee hey you ... my boo , bloo ... watch at you ... the baby cry , a strident , rhythmic scream that shatter the night . theo look at Miriam , alarmed . miriam show she where you breast be . kee put the baby to she breast . instinctively , the child suckle , extract the milk hungrily . kee watch , amaze . kee cheedo , eh? 92. ext . bexhill -- night a dim light shine from a window . Inside , theo , Miriam and kee ~~ behold this new life . surrounded by the black night . it 's silent . even the dog have stop bark . fade out . the sound of distant helicopter ... sporadic gunshot ... blend with the sound of yapping , come closer ... fade in : int . bare apartment ( bexhill ) -- early morning theo open he eye , waking up on the floor , he coat pull over he , get he bearing : the first morning sun find its way into the naked room . kee still sleep on the mat , the baby at she chest . Miriam seat next to kee , asleep . yap ! yap ! the tiny bark sound be now outside the door . footstep follow . theo creakily get to he foot . there 's a push on the door -~ but a chair be wedge against the handle inside , keep it shut . a decisive knock on the door , the yapping grow frantic ... kee and Miriam open they eye , awaken . voice ( outside the door ) open the door ! kee and Miriam look to theo . voice ( outside ) we do not have much time -- open the bloody door ! a harder push on the door -- the chair slide , about to give . Theo who be it ? syyd it 's the Queen of England , can you spare a cup of sugar ? it 's syd , you fool . open the door . ( continued ) 93 . continued : Miriam wrap the cloak around kee , hide the baby . more push on the door , the chair slide ... Theo okay , okay ... in the distance , a staccato burst of gunfire be hear . theo take away the chair , crack the door . he peer into the hall : a man stand there , wear nondescript clothes and a turban -~ it take moment to recognize syd . marichka behind he , Santo jump , try to get in the room . Theo do not know you be come . syd do not you hear the bomb last night ? the city 's go to hell . come on , let syd in . syd have already push through the door . Miriam hold kee tighter . Santo be now run around inside , yelping . marichka follow . theo immediately close the door . syd look at the residue from the night before : the bloody mat , the bloody clothing ... . syd what 's with the Zed ? Theo nothing . she 's fine . some woman 's thing . Santo be on the scent , sniff at kee , yelping . syd a few hour ago one of the fence get blow up , and a group of foogies escape . it do not take long for other foogies to follow , you regular stampede . the army come in , they be try to secure the fence . just like five month ago , but worse . now that foogies be better organize , and syd happen to know they be armed to the tooth . it 's gonna be a fuck war out there . we get to get you out of here . Theo we need to get a boat . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) Santo keep yapping at kee. kee ( to dog ) go on , piss off . Santo will not leave . kee kick he . Santo yelp , retreate . marichka start yell at kee in some language . then -- crying . from the baby . rhythmic , loud . the dog come charge again ... kee get you fuckin’ dog ! kee kick the dog again . marichra Santo ! marichka grab she dog . the baby still cry loudly . kee put the baby to she breast . the baby calm , suckling . syd the hell be that ? Santo still yapping in marichka 's arm . marichka give Santo a little slap , shutting the dog up . quiet -- except for the moist suckling of the baby . syd what be that ? Theo I 'il explain -- syd what you get there ? let syd see it . now ! Miriam ease , the cloak from kee 's shoulder . revealing the baby , suckling at kee 's breast . syd bloody Christ . marichka approach . kneel , see the baby , amaze . syd it 's a fuck baby . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 3 ) Theo we need a boat . syd start pace . Theo ( insist ) we need it before sunset -- syd hush ! hush ! syd 's try to think here ! marichka reach she finger . she look to kee , who nod she permission . marichka touch the baby . her face light up , she eye well with tear ~~ she have touch a miracie . syd okay , okay ... get she up . we have get to go right now . Theo can you get we a boat -- ? syd sure , sure , sure . just get she up ! come on , do it ! theo move to the mat . with she shawl , Miriam finish secure the baby to kee 's breast . outside , another burst of gunfire , closer . together , they gently help kee up . marichka turn to syd , talk at he , prattling on , adamant . Theo what 's she say ? syd fuck know . marichka turn to theo , Miriam and kee , prattling on , urgent . syd pull out a two - way radio . syd {into radio ) we be ready , Jerry . Theo who 's Jerry ? syd you meet he . pimply bloke . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 4 ) marichka insist , grab syd 's sleeve , prattling on -- syd shut up ! ( in romanian ) '' bastal '' syd throw marichka off . syd let 's go . marichka not ( point to syd ) bad ! bad , badi miriam she do not want we to go . syd pull out a gun . marichka instinctively duck to the floor , cover she head , she hand plead . syd okay , move . let 's go . the group be freeze . Theo where be you take we ? syd syd say move ! Miriam walk to the door , block it . miriam we be not leave . we can not leave , syd . not until the baby 's safety be guarantee . a standoff . in the distance , mob shout be hear . syd move ! miriam I will not . bang ! syd shoot Miriam in the head . she fall in the doorway , dead . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 5 ) kee let out a wail of horror , she knee buckle . theo hold she . marichka still cower . syd ( point he gun ) who 's next , the yank or the gypsy ? maybe the fuck dog ? bang ! syd shoot the floor by Santo 's foot . the dog yelp , scamper for marichka 's protection . kee glare at syd . kee ( spit the word ) you fuckin’ caca man . syd point he gun at theo 's forehead . syd move . see no way out , theo look at kee . Theo I 'il help you . go down the stair - marichka lead they , theo carry kee in he arm , syd follow with he gun . marichka still prattling on . syd last night , syd get home , mommy 's sleep in front of the telly . she always do that , my sweet soul . syd kiss she good-night . she have cancer , my mommy . syd ' 's about to turn off the telly -- and there 's you mug . on the news . you nasty prick gun down that cop -- bam ! bam ! Big reward . marichka be ranting even louder , Santo yapping . ° syd shut the fuck up ! {into radio ) Jerry , you on you way ? jerry's voice ( on radio ) I have to go around a barricade . ( continued ) 98 . continued : syd ( into radio ) just hurry the fuck up . ( to theo ) then Jerry call syd . the fish in bexhill be look for you . so syd think , the cop be look for they , the fish be look for they , this bloke be bang - up commodity . and a baby ? that ' 's capital . ( into radio ) where the fuck be you , Jerry ? the group arrive at the ground floor . theo let kee down , both rest on a cold radiator , catch they breath , marichka next to they . syd hold the gun on the they as the go to entrance to investigate . the entrance have no door , marichka 's rickshaw visible on the street outside . 's yd ( on radio ) where be you ? Theo syd , please , listen . syd shut up . theo watch syd , still point the gun behind he , but he attention waver to the street in front . jerry's voice ( on radio ) I can see the building . syd good . come around to the front -- theo make he move , charge across the lobby . syd hear he come , turn ... theo fall over a rusted pipe that save he life -- bang ! syd 's shot just miss theo 's head . theo 's fail carry he into syd 's leg , knock he backwards . syd 's head bang the floor , the radio fly . Theo go ! ( continued ) 99 , continued : ( 2 } kee get it . she clutches marichka for support , point to the front door . marichka get it , help kee to the door . jerry ( on radio ) I be here ! I be right out front . smash ! a personnel carrier roll up , crush marichka 's rickshaw . marichka stop , reverse herself , help kee back across the lobby , pass theo crawl toward syd . syd , come out of he daze , try to point he gun , but theo reach , grab he gun hand . marichka help kee into a corridor at the end of the lobby . theo on top of syd , struggle with he hand , syd bite theo 's head . Theo ( scream ) abhhhh ! theo 's hand force the gun away , pressure the trigger -- bang ! bang ! bang ! the gun fire into the wall , plaster fall , until it the chamber click . click . click . empty . from the corridor , marichka and kee look back , reacting to the gunshot . theo push syd away , start after the woman . syd grab theo 's leg , trip he , send he thudding on the floor , the gun slide away . syd jump on theo , punch he face . he put he hand around theo 's throat , squeezing . theo gasp , reach , syd strangling he . from the corridor , kee urge marichka back to help . kee go -- go help ! kee against the wall , loosen the scarf , check she baby . marichka reluctantly head back to the lobby , stay low , she hand defensive , prattling urgently , plead to syd . syd keep tightening he grip around theo 's neck . theo 's body go slack . marichka get closer , still plead . {continued ) 100 . continued : ( 3 ) theo 's hand reach to the gun on the floor , grab the barrel , round-housing it -- smack ! -- into syd 's face . syd fall backwards , stunne . theo push himself to he foot , gasp air back into this lung . syd recover , move toward theo . theo kick syd in the head . syd fall backwards , knock out . theo , for good measure , kick syd in the gut . theo grab marichka , gasp , motion for they to leave . they head down the corridor , join kee . they reach a door at the end . it 's block with box and junk . theo and marichka clear the debris , theo force the door open , just enough space to pass . behind they : lobby syd groggily crawl to he knee , look for the gun . end of corridor marichka snake through the narrow door passage , out to a small alley , Santo follow . it 's kee 's turn , but there 's not enough space for she to pass with the baby . from the alley , marichka extend she hand . marichka baby , marichka ! kee hesitates , theo pull the door open . behind they : through the corridor syd find the gun . end of corridor kee pass the baby through the doorway , fear the worse , marichka take the baby . the point of no return . a moment . marichka motion for kee to follow . marichka come ! ree squeeze through the open . theo still hold the door , look back : down the corridor syd stumbling toward they , gun in hand , load bullet . 101 . end of corridor theo try to squeeze out , but nobody be help with the door -- bang ! syd 's shot miss , leave a hole in the metal door . theo throw he body into the door , force it open -- bang ! bang ! Shots rip the door as theo squeeze through . ext . alley -- continuous theo come out the door into the trash -strewn alley . kee and - marichka wait , kee wrapping the scarf , cover the baby to she chest . Theo ( to the woman ) go. they start make they way slowly down the alley , marichka hold kee up . theo be about to follow , when he hear : syd ( off ) ( into radio ) Jerry , they get loose ... go to the back , the alley ... theo realize syd be too close . they be not go to make it . he look around , root through the trash , desperate . worthless plastic , rotting food , a rusted clothes iron . jerry ( off ) ( into radio ) I do not know , syd , this be get bad . I get a 1 - 24 , a gang of frog in the street , they have get gun , we ought to get out of here ... syd 's face appear at the door . they look at each other for a instant . syd furiously force he way through -- theo grab the clothes iron and swing -- crank ! into syd 's face . syd fall back inside the door . theo stand , stare at the door , the iron poise , ready . but he quickly understand there 's no need to wait . theo drop the iron , and rush after the woman . 102 . at the end of the alley - kee lean against the wall , gather she strength , marichka peer around the edge of the building . theo arrive , completely wind . '' La marseille '' can be hear , chant by a approach mob . Theo you okay ? kee it hurt . I be hungry . Theo ( to marichka , be : kee ) she need to eat . marichka prattles some sort of answer . theo put he finger to he mouth , the universal sign of hunger . Theo food , mange ... ( point to kee ) hungry . marichka nod , get it , point . theo and marichka take on either side of kee , help she walk , Santo follow . they round the corner onto the street . pock and rubble , the street of bexhill bear scar of previous violence . a mob march toward they , more than 50 , a large flag billow , blue , white and red . voice alon enfant de la patrie ... theo and kee and marichka pass the mob in the opposite direction . passionate chant , some wear mask , all carry gun -- modern semi-automatics , a few old glock . ext . former bank -- day this street seem quiet , '' La marseille '' now distant . marichka , gesture , lead they into a bureaucratic building cover with graffiti . further down the street , on building top , man with rifle run from roof to roof . int . former bank -- continuous theo , kee and the baby , marichka and Santo enter . dozen of old shoe on the floor , neatly pair . they hear chanting -- rhythmic prayer . {continued ) 103 . continued : it be once a bank , but now just the skeleton remain , a few teller counter , some bar along the lobby . through they : Men kneel on a carpete floor , bow toward Mecca in humble prayer . this be a makeshift mosque . they pass by , move to the stair at the end of the hall . 2 nd floor corridor at the end of the dark corridor , marichka be bent down at a Metal door , talk to someone through a low eye-slit . a tiny flashlight shine through the slit into she face . a trembly voice on the other side of the door , in Russian : georgian man ( off ) nyet . at the stair , foggy light ooze though the filthy window . kee rest on theo , discern marichka across the dark corridor , now wave for they to come , insist , prattling . theo help kee into the dark corridor . georgian man ( off ) nyet , nyet ... as they approach the secure metal door , the flashlight from the eye slit shine in theo 's face . marichka grab kee 's cloak . the light shift to kee 's face as she resist , but the cloak open . the light tilt down , shine on the baby , eye close , feed on kee 's breast . from the eye-slit , the flashlight shaking , a gasp . int . georgian couple' apartment -- day a pale , withere georgian woman ( 87 ) hum a folk song as she carve the final touch onto a orange that she 's cut into a swan . she present the swan to kee , who lay in bed eat some sort of potato stew , the baby asleep at she side . kee watch at that . they be in a simple dwelling that be once a bureaucrat 's office . one table , two chair , a gas burner , photo , a chagal reproduction of the cow on the farm . and , in the clean , big window , a few pot plant , green , live . kee check it out , theo . they love my baby . ( continued ) 104 . continued : theo sit at the table , eat stew . marichka stand nearby , wolfing hers -- she have not eat this good in awhile . the ancient , dignify georgian man ( 9us ) sit in a wheelchair , speak in a trembly voice with thick accent . georgian man human Project , be real ? kee yeh . Wise man doctor from todo the world . live in Iceland . send a boat to my baby . '' the tomorrow '' . at the buoy . Theo we need a boat to meet it . before sunset . the georgian man ask marichka a question in she language . marichka answer by rub she thumb to she finger , the universal sign for money . . marichka ( mouthful of stew ) '' bunch of money . '' georgian man ( in marichka 's language ) '' yeah , yeah , yeah ... '' the georgian man wheel himself toward the bookshelf . marichka look at theo , rub she thumb to she finger . marichka '' bunch of money . '' the georgian man arrive at the bookshelf , where pantheon of bust reside : lenin , Freud , Einstein , ghandi , trotsky , Zapata , and Martin luther King , Jr. he select lenin . georgian man ( to theo ) always money . everything always money . see the owner distract , marichka nab a silver spoon from the table and sneak it into she shirt . a amplify voice echoe from the street . voice ( off ) a curfew be now in effect . theo look : 105 . through the window a caravan of armored personal carrier and tank move slowly down the empty street . voice ( over loudspeaker ) anyone see on the street will . be consider hostile and shot . England support you and provide you shelter . do not support terrorist . then the same message , translate into french . on top of the building across the street , man in mask armed with rifle run in the opposite direction of the tank . kee 's voice watch at that ! watch at Santo and the pussy . in the apartment ruff ! Santo bark . hiss ! the cat arch . kee laugh . kee get it on ! the georgian man roll back in he wheelchair to the table , hold the bust of lenin . georgian man we hear human Project , no believe . trick , make people hope . ( smile ) but be real ! the remain of the smile on the old man 's lip as he look to he wife , tell she something in Russian . then : georgian man human Project ! georgian woman ( smile ) human Project . marichka nod , laugh , pretend like she understand . marichka human Project ! the georgian man break lenin 's bust on the table . in the porcelain shard : a roll of money . English pound . 106 . ext . former bank -- day marichka stand in the middle of the street , she sense alert . sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance , but the street seem safe . she signal , and start trot . theo immediately push kee from the bank in the georgian man 's wheelchair . kee have the baby wrap against she chest and cover . she 's hold the orange cut like a swan . ext . BAY STREET -- day the group in the middle of a street obscure in fog , theo push kee in the wheelchair , try to keep up with marichka 's quick trot , Santo tapping along . a rumbling in the street . Santo stop , turn around , and start bark . the ground begin to shake . they all turn : the street behind they shroud in fog . Street pole shaking . a mechanical clack add to the rumbling , drown out Santo 's bark . through the fog ... a silhouette slowly take form ... mammoth . . Theo shit ... the silhouette define itself as the fog give way ... a tank . solid , massive , scary . and it 's damn close , come right on they . theo push kee , the group run away from the tank . marichka look back : Santo hold he ground , bark at the metal monster . marichka turn , run back for she dog . Theo marichka ...! the tank get bigger , Santo lose he courage , whimper , back off ... marichka grab the dog . she turn , find she stride , run back towards the other , try to catch up ... down BAY STREET theo and kee come against : a long metal pole wedge in a sewer , fortify by a big mountain of break concrete and debris block the street -- a barricade . { continued ) 107 . continued : theo turn the wheelchair , veer off towards : a narrow alley as soon as theo and kee take refuge -- basque man ( in basque ) '' down ! down ! '' they turn : a man with a machine gun be yell at they . they be surround by other man -- some mask , all of they armed -- more gun than the previous mob . marichka make it to the alley , chastise Santo -- basque man '' get down ! '' marichka size the situation , and immediately drop to the ground . BAY STREET the tank roll by , follow by two armore personnel carrier . a metallic creak ! the tank run up against the metal barricade pole that hold its ground . a moment . silence . just the idling of the tank motor . narrow alley the basque man lay in wait . BAY STREET a change of gear -- creak ! the tank push against the barricade pole . the two metal arm wrestle , the tank confident , but the barricade pole will not back down . narrow alley the basque man signal -- basque man '' now ! now ! '' the basque man surge toward the street . 108 . across the STREET more man surge forward , drag over the carcass of a burn out car , block the way . a flame bottle hurl froma building explode against the tank . the ambush be on . narrow alley ~ theo get to he foot . Theo we have gotta move . theo roll kee forward , the baby secure against she chest , follow marichka . behind they , through the alley : BAY STREET the carrier door fly open , soldier stream out , scream , shoot ... the fog soon obscure the battle , but not the sound of carnage . ext . alley garage -~- day knock ! knock ! marichka 's hand pound a weathered door . a eye-slit open . a man with a extremely pale face , matte hair and wispy whisker stare out -- the sewer rat . the sewer Rat assess theo and kee as marichka prattles in she language , negotiate . she reach into she shirt , pull out the bill that use to be live in lenin 's head , wave they . ext . wharf STREET -- day 3 armored carrier cruise by , disappear into the fog . the coast clear , the sewer Rat lead theo and kee and marichka onto the street . voice do not move ! do not move ! theo recognize a man crossing toward they . the hook - nosed man . come at they , point a gun . marichka immediately drop into she submissive position , the sewer Rat raise he hand . the hook - nosed man whistle -- shrill , distinctive . Three mask , armed man come run toward the group . one talk into a radio . ( continued ) 109 . continued : voice wharf Street ! now ! the armed man surround they . the leader take he mask off . it 's patric . he look at theo -- thud ! patric rifle butt theo in the gut , knock he to the ground . two fish hold gun on kee , marichka and the sewer Rat . kee you teenie prick patric son of the ugliest rotten whore may the devil keep on fist fuckin’ she in hell ! a dozen heavily armed man come run from different direction , converge on theo , kee and marichka and the sewer Rat . among they , luke and Ian . luke approach kee . luke be you okay ? kee fuck you . luke you ' 1l be protect . Theo ( still on the ground ) we need to get to a boat . luke ( to the other } let 's go . one Fish take kee 's wheelchair , another Fish flanking , hustling she away . luke look at theo , marichka and the sewer rat. luke ( to patric ) finish they . luke follow kee and the fish . patric cock he pistol . marichka still on she knee , outstretch she hand ... marichka '' please , please , please ... '' patric point the gun at theo -- bam ! bam ! Shots ring out . 110 . down wharf STREET a armored carrier roll toward they , two soldier shoot from the turret . up wharf STREET patric retrain he pistol at the soldier -- bam ! bam ! he open fire . the other fish follow suit , a fierce burst of gunfire that force the armored carrier to stop . luke let 's go . Ian , hold they off . luke and patric run to catch up with kee . down wharf STREET Soldiers climb out of the armored carrier , fire round . up wharf STREET Ian flanke by two man , hold position from behind a doorway . two other fish take a spot across the street . firing all they have get at the carrier . theo scramble away from the line of fire . near the corner theo duck into a doorway with marichka , clutching Santo , the sewer Rat follow . theo watch : further ahead luke and he man push kee , round the corner onto 3rd STREET , escape the line of fire . down wharf STREET the street tremble , the pole shaking . the armored carrier pull to the side ... allow a tank to pass by . shield a group of soldier , fire on Ian and he man . up wharf STREET the heavy barrage force Ian and he man to retreat . two fish make it to the corner . ( continued ) 1li. continued : Ian and the other two be flushed into open , crossing the street towards the corner -- tat-tat-tat-tat . soldier 's gunfire cut down two of the fish . Ian keep run , swarm bullet smash concrete . he make it to the corner . behind he : down 3rd STREET luke and the other fish flee . wharf STREET doorway theo watch kee be roll away . he turn to the sewer Rat and marichka , who be crouch in a protective position . Theo stay . understand ? ( use he hand ) you stay . you wait . here . understand ? marichka ( nod ) marichka , stay . theo look to he leave : the corner Ian hold the position with two man , shoot , unable to stop the advance tank . tan ( to the man ) go! the two man peel off after luke . Ian fire a few more round , then follow . wharf STREET doorway theo look to he right : down wharf STREET the tank advance , the soldier march , hold fire , they weapon train on the corner , focus . wharf STREET doorway theo suck it up , gather he courage . he storm out . ( continued ) 112 . continued : Theo ahhhhhbh ! wharf STREET theo scream he way into the open . Theo 's ahhbhhhhh ! down wharf STREET the soldier , they focus on the corner break by the scream man , be catch off guard , a double - take before reacting , fire away . wharf STREET theo scream he way across , bullet ricochet and crash , make it to : corner theo shield himself against the wall , catch he breath . he look towards : 3rd STREET Ian and he man chase after luke and the fish flee with kee . corner theo suck a breath , and run after they . 3rd STREET Ian notice theo run behind . he stop and shoot at he . theo twist away , run for cover , diving behind a stoop . up 3rd STREET a armored carrier emerge from the fog , cut off the fish 's escape . they stop . Ian stop shoot at theo , run to catch up . corner the tank make the turn . 113. up 3rd STREET pinched between the carrier and the tank , luke gesture , lead kee and the fish towards the modern apartment block in front of they . Ian catch up . stoop theo get up , start run after the fish . up 3rd STREET Soldiers climb out of the carrier , shoot at luke and the fish push kee 's wheelchair . apartment block luke , and the fish make it the building , hoist the wheelchair up the few stair , roll she inside . corner the tank make it around . the soldier follow . as they get a clear shot -- 3rd STREET tat-tat-tat-tat ! one of Ian 's man be shot in the back . theo halt , veer back , run towards a burn - out double - decker , abandon on the sidewalk across the street from the apartment block . he dive through the back door , knock away the cardboard . int . burned out double decker theo fall on top of people huddle inside . Spanish scream of fear as body scramble away . theo get to he foot . he 's just crash into a densely pack live quarter , makeshift mat cramme across the bus , a burner in the middle . people crouching for cover , a few peer through the cardboard cover the window . he go to one , pull back a piece of cardboard : 3rd STREET Soldiers emerge from the 2nd carrier , take position behind its metallic bulk , start to shoot ... ( continued ) 114 . continued : Ian and the last Fish make it to apartment block , bullet explode the concrete facade , the doorway shatter as they disappear into the darkness within . the tank and the soldier arrive next to the armored carrier position in front of the building . Soldiers surge from behind tank and the armored carrier , 20 man , charge towards : apartment block doorway the soldier run through the shattered doorway into the building , of they footstep recede in the darkness ... a moment . blam ! blam ! blam ! through the darkness , fierce flash of gunfire . scream . Soldiers stagger back out of the doorway , some wounded , run in full retreat from the bullet fly from inside . blam ! blam ! the escape soldier be gun down from behind . one lone soldier run desperately , diving behind the carrier , safe . int . burned out double-decker stray bullet strafe the bus , people diving to the floor . theo keep low , still peer out the cardboard window . 3rd STREET Soldiers shield behind the tank and armored car return fire , riddling the door . other soldier remove steel shield from the side of the carrier , take position behind they . apartment block - 2 nd floor window a grenade come fly out . 3rd STREET — the grenade land in a cluster of soldier set up metal shield -- bam ! the soldier be blow away . int . burned out double-decker grenade shrapnel rip through the cardboard . a woman take refuge in the corner be hit in the head . 115 . 3rd STREET the soldier open fire on the 2nd floor window . the big tank gun ratchet up ... int . burned out double~decker theo watch through the cardboard window . Theo no , no , no , no ... 3rd STREET ka - boom . the tank recoil with the blast as the 2nd floor window explode , a concussive blow that rip a gape scar in the side of the building . int . burned out double-decker theo react to the blast . Theo shit . he shake it off , make he way to the end of the bus . people scream , cry , cover up . theo step over they , around they , get to the front . through the window : 3rd STREET Soldiers fire at the 2nd floor . from the 4th floor , white sheet and clothes wave from window , desperate plea for mercy from tenant trap in the building . from a 5th floor window , a Fish fire down on the soldier . other fish shoot from different window . ext . burned out double-decker theo step off the bus . a zone of hell -- armored carrier and soldier -- separate he from the apartment block . bullet fly from all direction . theo run behind the soldier , whose attention be focus on shoot the building to piece , and head to the far edge of the square in front of the apartment block , make it to : a concrete barricade theo shield himself behind it . across : 116 . apartment block plaza the facade of the building fall to piece . tenants stream out the front door , hand in the air , scream surrender in a dozen language -- tat-tat-tat-tat . soldier ' 's gun fire cut down the flee tenant . a few survivor retreat back into the building . the tank target its big gun at a 4th floor window where shot be come ... ka - boom . the tank mortar obliterate the window . in the momentary silence of the aftershock ... concrete barricade theo suck a breath , gather he courage , make he break . apartment block plaza theo in the open , run toward the doorway , side -stepping the body of dead soldier and tenant . 3rd STREET the soldier , busy with the window , be slow in clocking theo run from the periphery . but the docrway be still distant for theo , and some soldier aim at he , fire away . apartment block plaza the bullet ricochett and whizzing past theo ' 's head and he foot , still not close to the doorway . 3rd STREET more soldier notice theo , shoot at he . apartment block doorway bullet kick up debris around theo . the doorway get closer , he sidestep the body of soldier and tenant . 5 step separate he from the jag hole that be the door . he slip on the blood -slick cement , fall hard , bullet rip , fall body all around , some get more shot . he crawl in panic . a final desperate lunge across blood , glass and debris . Guardian angel work overtime , he cross the threshold of the door . 117 . int . apartment block lobby -- continuous theo crawl at top speed across the dark corridor splatter with rubble and dead body , bullet echoing and ricochett around the wall . and now gunfire come at he from the inside : the hook -nose leave he position , storming after theo . theo shield himself behind pillar , the hook -nose come at he , shoot . bullet from the outside ricochet through the corridor , clipping the hook - nose man in the head . he fall dead . theo gasp for breath . the soldier 's attack on the doorway slowly diminish , give way to gunfire from within . across the corridor , he see a man and a woman huddle behind a pillar . he slowly get up . cautiously make he way through body and debris to the stair . at the foot of the stair : kee 's discard wheelchair . theo start climb . int . 2 nd floor staircase theo arrive at the landing , look down the hallway . a few tenant huddle in the dim shadow , stay low , keep away from the window . a man cry in agony , splash the puddie of he own blood . but the heavy gunfire come from upstairs . he continue up . int . 3rd floor staircase theo get to the floor , peer down the hallway . tenants on the floor , cover they head , a few wounded , scream , some bullet make it through the apartment , crash into the hall wall . theo step into : 3rd floor hallway he walk through the hallway and look into a apartment where a gun be be shot . int . 3rd floor apartment Three tenant lay dead on the floor . at the window , patric fire down at the soldier below . immediately , he retreat from the window , as bullet from outside rip through the room , rush toward the door . 118 . int . 3rd floor hallway theo retreat to the stairway landing , hide as -- patric storm out of the apartment , go down the hall , disappear into another apartment . a moment . Fresh gun shot be hear . patric run out , soldier bullet rip through the apartment . he head farther down the hallway . patric ( push past tenant ) fuck outta my way , fuck outta my way ! patric kick open the door of another apartment . theo notice : the orange cut like a swan , a few step above he , smashed . he continue up the stair . int . 4 th floor hallway theo step into the corridor . a tank mortar have rip open a gape hole in the building . people huddle in the hallway , the wounded , the terrify , the dead . theo walk through the hallway , reach the mortar hole . Soldiers 's bullet scream through the open , shatter the wall , spew debris . he consider crossing before back off , return to the stair . then he hear it . a baby 's cry . a weak wail through the chaos and explosion . come from the end of the corridor . separate by the gape mortar hole , where bullet crash through . theo edge up to the mortar-ripped hole . sporadic bullet smash the wall . he suck a breath . and run . it 's only ten foot , but it feel like a mile , the shot ringing past . he make it to the other side . he continue down the hall . the baby 's cry louder . tenants huddle in the hallway , peer up warily , not quiet believe what they be hearing . loud cry , come from a apartment . theo step into : int . 4 th floor apartment the place have be shred by bullet , glass shattered , everything upend . kee in a corner , protect she baby girl with she body . ( continued ) 119 . continued : luke lay by ' the window in a pool of he own blood , with he back toward kee , sniping out the window . in he other hand , he shout instruction on a radio . . lure ++- get ready to blow the south gate . the South gate . we be come out . : with luke 's distraction , theo make it over to kee . the baby be visible on she chest , still cry . Theo you okay ? kee yeh . Theo how be she ? kee piss off . theo lean down to kee , help she up . Theo ( to kee ) easy . we be go to make it . bullet from outside riddle the wall near they . 's theo cover kee with he body . the shoot pass . at the window , luke respond , shoot round outside . theo and kee make they way across the ruin room to the door . theo step on glass , a crack sound -- luke turn and see they . he point the gun . theo freeze . luke I carry she out of the wheelchair , and I start cry . the baby . a girl . Theo yeah , it 's a girl . luke I forget what they look like . Theo we need to get she out of here . {continued ) 120 . continued : ( 2 ) luke no , no , no . you do not understand , faron . it 's happen . I do what Julian could not . I call for the national uprising . and the people have respond . not only here . all over England . I make it happen . they follow I . theo slowly keep lead kee to the doorway , wary of luke , who site he with he pistol . luke stop , faron . this child stay with we . it 's we flag . kee fuck she be ! theo and kee at the doorway . luke this child be we new beginning . Theo that she be . bam ! luke shoot . theo recoil , hit in the gut , knock back out the door . tat-tat-tat . Glass shatter as gun fire from the outside , rip luke to piece . int . 4 th floor hallway theo clear the doorway . he 's in momentary shock , against the wall , clutching he gut , look at the blood ooze through he finger . Theo shit . . kee fucker shot you . Theo I be okay . bullet go through . ( gritting through pain ) we gotta move . theo breathe through the pain , hole up kee , walk down the hall , the baby still cry . ( continued ) 121 . continued : the bullet intensify from the outside , tear through the disintegrate facade , smash into the hall wail -- all that noise numbe by the baby 's cry . people huddle in the corridor , look in disbelief . a woman fall to she knee . woman ( praying ) dios the salve Maria , llena ere de gracia , el senor es contigo , bendita ere entre las mujere ... they get closer to the stairwell . bullet be still fly , but people seem fearless , poke they head from door , risk they safe spot to get a closer look . the baby 's cry give a aura of security to theo and kee . they be no longer ducking , walk straight down the hall . a man break into tear . a old woman bleed to death on the floor reach she gnarled finger to touch the baby 's garment . she smile as they pass -- she have hear the song of a angel . theo and kee arrive at the stair . kee start to walk down , but theo stop she . Theo come on . kee you be shot . Theo I can do it . kee allow theo to pick she up . he grunt with the effort , and begin carry they down : int . 4 th floor stairwell the baby 's Cry expands through the contain space . theo carry kee down , use the wall for support . people huddle on the stair , look with amazement . people peer down at they from the upper floor . tat-tat-tat . a gun battie , come up the stair toward they . patric and 2 fish be back up the stair , shoot down at pursue soldier below , who answer with a round of fire . patric hear cry , turn , point he gun at : { continued ) 122 . continued : theo and kee , no place to hide . patric point the gun at theo 's head , about to pull the trigger . but the baby be wail in kee 's arm . patric look at the baby in stunne disbelief . then he lower he gun . he and the fish back away , stare at the baby as theo and kee head down . int . 3rd floor stairwell gunfire from below force people against the wall . theo and ree continue walk down . heavy footstep . a soldier surge up the stair , point he gun at the newborn girl , who wail away . theo and kee walk past he . the soldier breathless , the cry conflict with he adrenaline . soldier hold position and hold fire ! theo continue carry kee down . people on the stair stand up , get a look . more soldier , hold they weapon in silence , still by the baby 's cry . int . apartment block lobby the baby cry echo through the lobby , now hold by the military . Soldiers hold strategic position , watch theo and kee pass , glimpsing the child in confusion , awe . at the shattered doorway , theo stagger . kee see he sweat , he pain . his shirt be cover in blood . kee put I down . theo hesitates . kee I wanna walk . theo set kee down on she foot . kee walk slowly , resolutely , lean on theo for support . they pass through the shattered doorway . ext . apartment block plaza theo , kee and the baby step into the murky light of the foggy day . a impenetrable line of soldier position in the plaza face they , they weapon point , ready . the heavy machinery of war silence by the cry of a baby . theo and kee walk forward , toward the soldier . {continued ) 123 . continued : the weapon aim at they begin to lower . a instinctive shuffle to the side , as if command by the cry , create a space for they to pass . kee carry she child , theo limping at she side , bleed , as the ocean of soldier part like the Red Sea , allow they to pass through . the somber face of the soldier , watch , touch by the baby 's cry . bam ! bam ! bam ! rifle shot from the 4th floor window shatter the silence . two soldier behind theo be hit . theo cover kee as soldier open fire at the apartment block . from the window , gun fire back . a new battle flare . theo and kee walk , ignore by the soldier that surge forward , take new position . ka - boom . the tank blast a massive hole in the 4th floor . corner - wharf & 3rd leave the battle behind , kee and theo walk down the street , theo limping badly . marichka surge from the corner , hold Santo , greeting they with a bad-tooth smile . the sewer Rat by she side . ext . wharf STREET sewer -- a little later the sewer Rat pull off a sewer lid , theo grunt as he help get it off the rest of the way . theo kneel there , gasp , he face drain . the baby still cry . int . sewer a ceiling lamp illuminate a concrete sewer drain , a narrow channel of foul water run through it . box of contraband stack to one side : alcohol , battery , medicine , can of food , electrical wire . marichka give some bill to the sewer Rat . theo sit in a boat , a simple wooden launch with two paddle , moor with a rope to the side . he 's in bad shape . he help kee accommodate herself in back . she 's hold a candle . marichka come to they , prattling on , Santo on she shoulder , gesture toward the end of the tunnel where ambient light filter in . marichka go , go boat . ( continued ) 124 . continued : theo extend he hand to help marichka into the Launch . marichka marichka no go . marichka count off a few bill for herself , hand the rest of the wad to theo . Theo ( wave it off ) marichka keep . marichka smile . she push the launch into motion . theo start to row . kee hold the candle , she put the baby on she breast . the baby quiet , feed . glimpsis of graffiti on the wall like cave painting . marichka recede in darkness , hold Santo , wave at they . at the end of the tunnel a breeze from outside extinguish the candle . theo row toward the light . pass through a metal grate that have be cut away . ext . sewer -- day the launch emerge into the fog , distant sound of the riot filter through . a barb - wire fence run the length shoreline separate they from bexhill . they ride the drainage channel that feed a short distance into the sea . ext . the sea 's edge ~+- continuous the launch come out of the channel , meeting the sea , theo row in pain . the fog obscure the riot in the city . Dead calm , but the tide be on they side . ext . OPEN sea -~- day what lay beyond obscure by milky fog . theo row , slow slightly , strength wane . the fog have envelop the city behind they , the riot a distant echo . the world around they have disappear . ahead of they , the fog give way , open into sunlight . revealing the rhythmic flash of a buoy . ( continued ) 125 . continued : , kee the buoy ! theo , the buoy ! theo row once more , groan with the effort . kee what time be it ? the launch gain momentum , then slow . the sun now visible , touch the horizon , the day end . Theo late . kee they 'il wait . kee be alert , look around , the buoy rock rhythmically , splash water . theo stop row , tear in he eye . Theo I be sorry , kee . I be so sorry . kee we gonna make it . theo shake he head , eye wet . he know . Theo I be not gonna make it . kee look at he . Theo and I 'il never know if you make it . theo smile at she . Theo but I want to believe that you will . . kee I will . Theo promise ? kee fuckin 's yeah . Theo cheedo . ( continued ) 126 . continued : ( 2 ) theo 's coat open , revealing a nasty gut wound . — Theo you remember that spring day in London when the sun shine . it be one of that day . people take they shirt off . some have flower in they hair . Music be play . it be like a big celebration . and suddenly people be run in all direction . people fall , step on each other , panic . Julian get carry away , swallow in the crowd . and it come so hard . the rubber bullet . knocked I flat on my back ... when I get up I see the blood . and he be not move . I put my arm around he to protect he . you get it ? I put my arm around he to protect he after he be dead . the boat drift . kee Dylan . Theo huh ? ~ kee gonna call she Dylan . girl 's name too , yeh ? theo in pain , genuinely smile . Theo ( to baby ) hi , Dylan . theo muster all he 's get leave , reach the oar back , wood cut through water , grunt he last breath , propelling the launch a little farther . and that 's it . theo 's body slump as the launch lose momentum . and slow . no direction . drifting . kee 's eye fill with tear . kee ( a whisper ) theo ... no response . '' ( continued ) 127 . continued : ( 3 ) the water slap at the edge of the launch . the sun spew a final burst of color as it disappear behind the horizon , the day end . behind the buoy -- a boat . cut through the water towards they . kee theo ! '' the tomorrow '' ! but theo do not move , the wooden vessel approach , net and gear -- a fishing boat . the name paint on the stern . '' the tomorrow '' . fade out .