child of the corn screenplay by George goldsmith base on the short story by Stephen King second revision 8/5/83 fade in : under RELIGIOUS choir music ext . church letterboard sign - day a old , wooden sign in front of a equally old but sturdy , salt of the earth church with a tower steeple . this be the grace baptist church of gatlin , nebraska and the sign proclaim the topic of today 's sermon : corn drought and the lord camera pan as the choir music continue , pick up the door to the church as they open to allow the congregation to exit . angle - a child Pov we see only the leg of pants and hem of dress from this little person 's perspective . the parishioner be in they " Sunday " clothes . we do not see the upper body or face . over this shot we hear : job ( vo ) I do not remember everything that happen cuz I be only five then and now I be eight . angle - the church entrance a adorable little boy of about five , he hand firmly in the grasp of a adult 's hand , be lead out of the church . this be job , and he be dress appropriately for worship . he come up to he father 's waist , and this be all we see of the father and the minister in front of whom the father stop for a beat . job stand there look around while he father apparently talk with the minister . leg continue to file out past they . job ( vo ) I be about the only kid in church that day , on account of all the other kid have be excuse to go listen to Isaac , who be this boy preacher who would come to gatlin a few day before . angle - job a adult , also whom we only see from the waist down , bang into job , who go fly but do not fall because the strong hand of he father hang on to he and lift he into the air , set he back down in place again . the hand of the man who bumped he give job a vigorous but apologetic rub across the hair . job ( vo ) Sarah be home sick with mom . dad decide to take I so he could talk about the drought with some of the other man . that 's all everybody be talk about then , the drought . angle Father finish he brief conversation with the minister and start down the step with job . it 's hard for little job to keep up with he dad and he 's constantly whisk off he foot whenever he lag too far behind . int . hansen's coffee shop - job' Pov the door be push open by the unseen hand of he father and job be lead into the coffee shop . hansen 's be a small , comfortable , homey place that cater strictly to the local . the furnishings be modest but everything be clean and neat booth with red vinyl cushion line the wall and the floor hold eight or ten table . there be also stool at the Formica counter , behind which mr. and mrs . hansen work busily . angle the coffee shop be crowded , mostly with adult but also with a half dozen boy between the age of 15 and 18 . the two waitress , sally and marie hansen , be about 17 . they be be keep quite busy . angle four of the boy be crowded around a video machine . they be keep very much to themselves . angle job 's father lift he onto a stool at the counter and walk towards the pay phone . job ( vo ) dad be worried about Sarah , so he go over to the phone as soon as we get in . angle camera follows job' father as he walk across the room to the pay phone . we never see he fully , only the fact that he be very average and non-descript . as he pass the four boy at the machine , one of they look up and follow he with he eye . this be william renfrew . job ( vo ) there be some other kid there . I think they be all in the corn with Isaac . billy renfrew look at my dad , then smile at I kinda funny . angle - renfrew - job' Pov after study job 's father for a beat , he turn he gaze on job and smile in a malignant , leer way . angle - job he avert he eye quickly and spin on the stool so he will not have to return the older boy 's look . job ( vo ) dad sure be take a long time . angle a strawberry shake be set down with a loud bang by kindly Mr. hansen , who smile at how startle job be by the noise . job glance up at he fearfully . quick shot - job' father a concerned look on he face , he continue on the phone . int . job' family house sarah , a angelic blonde haire girl of four year , be toss and turn in bed . her face be feverish and flushed . angle - including sarah her mother be visible in another room on the phone , talk with she husband , job and Sarah 's father . semi-conscious in she fever , Sarah spill a box of crayon and clutches a black one . without look , she begin scrawling on a piece of manila paper . quick shot - the paper what she 's draw be not yet discernible , just a patch of black in the middle of the page . int . coffee shop job be suck with all he might on a straw protrude from the strawberry shake . he glance towards he father . something catch he eye and cause he to freeze . ext . thru front window - job be Pov - day thru the window , beyond he father , beyond the boy by the pac man machine , stand isaac . a gaunt boy of 12 , he have a face right out of the Old Testament and eye that burn like coal . he be dress in black robe and a wide - brimm hat . he be stare into - through - the coffee shop . int . coffee shop the straw slip out of job 's mouth . he be frighten to death of the vision before he but he can not take he eye off of Isaac . few , if any , of the adult in the room take notice , but the boy by the pac man do . angle - the boy they turn and scan the room full of adult . sally and marie look at the boy conspiratorially . marie have four cup of coffee on a tray . she slip a white powder into they from a packet in she hand . two more boy step out of the kitchen . they have " farm instrument " with they — hay hook and sickle . mr . hansen look at the boy , confuse by they presence . job be now terrify , tremble as he continue to stare at Isaac . several adult all of whom have be drink coffee , begin to gag and choke . they lurch forward out of they seat , gasp for breath as they fall . the four boy all whip out hook , knife , scythes and other deadly weapon . they block the door . job' father look at the boy in complete bewilderment . for a moment he forget about the phone . quick shot - sarah she be scribbling like mad , seemingly unaware of what she 's do or draw . angle - the drawing it be beginning to take shape . a person , a childish stick figure , but unmistakable nonetheless , point .... int . coffee shop Mr. hansen raise he hand in a futile gesture to ward off a sickle that be arching through the air towards he . the point of it bury in he chest and a splatter of blood hit job . job' father try to pull a boy off a elderly woman . he grab the youth from behind but barely get he hand on he when a hand holding a screwdriver plummet into frame and into he back . job scream but nothing come out . it be a scream from the deep part of he be , and it be silent . Mr. hansen ' 's blood be still spray across he face . wide angle the interior of the coffee shop have turn into a scene of complete carnage , with all of the adult who be still alive be either cut down or finish off by the Children of the corn . chair and table be over - turn , dish and glass break all over the floor , and blood everywhere . ext . the coffee shop - day Isaac , stand fix in place , be gradually encircle by he devote follower . child , from four to 19 , gather around he , instrument of death in they hand all drip with fresh blood . like he , they face the coffee shop and wait . job ( vo ) that 's how Isaac come and teach we about he who walk behind the row . angle - coffee shop doorway - isaac' Pov the large , most muscular , and most murderous of the boy inside the coffee shop emerge , he butcher knife drip with blood . this be malachai . he remain there , look down at Isaac . job ( vo ) Isaac and malachai . int . job' family house - sarah' bedroom Sarah be still in bed but be rest quietly now . camera zoom in slowly to the picture she have complete . the picture - close - up it show stick figure representation of Isaac , surround by the other child , face malachai . behind malachai be a large splotch of bright red where the coffee shop would be . although the draw be obviously the work of a child , there be a eerie , primitive quality to it . job ( vo ) that 's when Sarah start draw this picture . camera begins to pan across this picture open credit roll under music a series of picture - under credit all do by Sarah in the same crayon style as the one we have just see , they reveal part of the story of gatlin , nebraska . some be caption . angle - the first picture show a cornfield wilted and dry . a minister with gray hair be hold a revival meeting in a clear . camera pan to : the next picture show the same Minister from the previous picture be push aside and supplant by the now familiar figure of isaac . the caption underneath read : and a child shall lead they camera pan to : the next picture show everyone at the meeting kneel in prayer to Isaac , who hold he hand aloft triumphantly . the corn all around be large and green and glow . camera pan to : the next picture the Grace Baptist Church . hanging from its steeple be the gray haire Minister from the first picture . his eye bulge horribly , almost comically , and he tongue be stick out . a caption at the bottom : thou shall worship no false idol camera pan to : the next picture a family , with the parent lie bloody and dead next to happy , smile child . camera pan to : the last picture that of a HOTEL , a simplistic version in red brick with black window , and a blue thunderbird prominently park next to credit end dissolve to : ext . holiday inn - morning establishing shot . it be red brick , two level ; a real life version of the hotel in Sarah 's picture . angle - parking lot a blue thunderbird sit quietly in the parking lot int . motel room Morning light filter through the curtain of the room , which be a standard double occupancy . there be a couple of suitcase lie around , some clothes scattered about , and a steven king paperback on the night table . burt stanton , a attractive young man of 28 , be lie in bed fast asleep . angle someone be sneaking through the room towards burt . we do not see who it be , but there be a sense of danger counter point by the peacefulness of the sleep figure . camera move slowly , steadily , toward burt . close - up - burt as the figure sneaking up on he reach bedside and stand over he for a beat , then lean down closer and closer and with more danger and ... fwwwwttt !!! vicky surprise !!! !!! angle burt jump up with a start . his girlfriend vicky baxter be a foot away from he shouting and blow a party - blower in he face . the feathered end of it unfurl and tickle he face . vicky be about burt 's age , wear a sexy , flimsy nightgown and a party hat . she throw she arm around she frighten lover . vicky happy birthday , darling ! she 's giggle mischievously over the fright she little surprise have cause he , and assuage any damage do with a seductive kiss . burt 's heart rate begin a slow descent towards normal as vicky hand he a sheet of paper , roll into a scroll and wrap in tissue with a ribbon around it vicky present number one . burt laugh self - consciously and take the paper . he unwrap and unroll it and look at what it be . quick shot - the paper it be a tuition bill from northwestern medical school . it be stamp pay in big , red letter . vicky ta da ! angle - two shot burt be as pleased as he be surprised , and he 's very surprised . burt but honey , how ... I think you last paycheck .... vicky it do . but I have a little nest egg I be save just for this .... she pull out another wrap gift , this one a long , rectangular box . vicky and this .... burt can not believe the windfall . he open the box with even more self - conscious delight . he hold up a beautiful watch . his jaw drop . vicky be equally delighted and excited by he reaction . vicky look on the back . burt turn the watch over and look closely . the inscription - close up - burth Pov for burt stanton m.d . - my darling - love vicky two shot burt pull she close and kiss she tenderly . burt oh vick .... after the kiss she reach for a small cassette player and punch the button . the mischievous smile return to she face as she straighten up and prepare to serenade he . barry white , sing love doctor , begin to play . vicky silently mouth the word in a wonderfully ridiculous caricature . burt start laugh and vicky can not keep a straight face . burt hit she with a pillow affectionately . 10 . a knock at the door interrupt they . angle vicky make no move to answer the door . in fact , she look as if it 's completely unexpected . burt , still in he under short , walk over . burt yes ? bell girl ( vo ) room service . burt open the door a crack and look . the bell girl - burth Pov a exceptionally attractive young woman be stand outside the door hold a plate with a bran muffin on it . a single candle , light , stick out of the muffin . angle forgetting he 's wear only he under short , burt open the door and face the bell girl . she make no move to enter but instead start sing happy birthday . burt be obviously attract to she , almost to the exclusion of vicky , who arrange the whole thing . he stare at the young woman , wait for she to finish . angle - including vicky when the bell girl do finish , burt be beside himself look for a couple of dollar to give she as a tip . vicky watch , as he fumble through he pants pocket , the bell girl not completely oblivious to he attention . vicky watch quietly as he hand the woman the tip . there isa hurt , know expression on she ( vicky 's ) face . CUT to : 11 . int . car - day burt and vicky be on the road in the blue t-bird . the back seat be fill with clothes , sporting equipment , a cooler , paper bag , etc. , and empty fast food container and wrappers be threaten to overflow from a garbage bag and the ashtray . burt ( contrite ) c'mon , honey . you be make something out of nothing . vicky to I it 's something . to you it be nothing . burt how would you like to be stand around in you underwear while some cute guy sing you happy birthday ? vicky ( relenting ) I would not mind if it be you . as a matter of fact , it sound kinda kinky . she give he a slightly grin , which he smile at . the tension evaporate . burt reach across the seat and hug she to he , drive with one hand . burt I know what you be think . you put I through mo school , I be on my way out to a good internship position in California , and now maybe I do not need vicky so much anymore . right ? her silence answer affirmative . burt wrong . I still need vicky as much as I always have , and I love she very much . maybe I be not as ready to settle down as you be , but that do not mean I love you any less . get it ? vicky get it . 12 . he give she a reassure hug . burt good . welcome to nebraska . vicky look out the window . ext . road sign - there Pov - day a large official sign welcoming driver to the state . welcome to nebraska the cornhusker state please drive safely pay toll one mile ext . the car - day it continue past the sign , burrow into a vast sea of cornfield . CUT to : ext . gatlin nebraska - day we have see glimpsis of gatlin before , but thing now - three year later - be far more tranquil and idyllic . it be just a tiny farm community not even on the map , out in the middle of nowhere . like everything else in this state , it be surround by cornfield . a barn stand at the edge of where the cornfield meet the town . Three child be hide behind it , press against the side . they be job and Sarah , whom we have meet , and joseph , who be much older and larger at 14 . all three be dress in black cloth clothes of simple design , not unlike the amish or mennonite . Joseph have a suitcase with he and appear extremely nervous , to the point of desperation . as camera move in slowly , we hear job' continuing voice over narrative . job ( vo ) we be with Joseph when he run away . he be pretty scared . I be not . angle - the three kide job ( whining , frighten ) I be scarrrred ! sarah I tooooooo . 13. joseph there 's nothing to be afraid of . I say I would come back for you . I promise . job can not we go with you ? pleeeease ? joseph no ! I would never make it with you two . sarah but we do not like it here ! joseph I say you will be alright . ( beat ) as long as nobody find they picture you be draw . Sarah avert she eye and tug sheepishly at she dress . job she can not help it . joseph that will not matter to Isaac and malachai . they will take it asa sign . anyway , you know crayon and drawing be forbidden .... just like have a record player . job but we like it ! Isaac do not let we do anything . joseph well you just better mind he ' till I get back , or else you know what happen . he punctuate he conversation with constant glance towards the town and , more particularly , the corn . job pick up on this . job you be not goin ' through the corn be you ? this apparently bode ill . Joseph swallow hard and look out over the field . 14 . angle - the cornfield - joseph' Pov it be serene , but dense and unyield . a threat . angle - the three kide joseph can not go no other way . sarah but what about ....? she do not finish . she do not need to . joseph it will be alright , unless you tell anybody I be go . job we will not . joseph Cross you heart and hope to die , stick a needle in you eye ? job and sarah nod in agreement like two good little soldier . they cross they heart with they finger and then motion as if stick something in they eye . it be a child 's oath take in the way of child - with the utmost solemnity and sincerity . three shot joseph okay . you know what that mean . if you tell you be gonna burn on the lake of fire for all eternity . they eye widen in fear at the prospect . Joseph turn he attention to the cornfield . he 's sweat profusely . joseph make sure nobody 's look ! angle job and Sarah race to the town side of the barn and look cautiously around . simultaneously they shout back to Joseph at the top of they lung . 15 . job and sarah okay !!! angle - joseph he cringe at the volume and roll he eye in disbelief . one deep breath and he 's off into the corn . angle - job and sarah they stand there watch disappointedly as they friend make good he escape . they remain fix , frighten and silent . CUT to : ext . country road - day a long , flat , straight , strip of black tape separate a sea of golden - tip , green corn on either side . there be something alien , remote , about this landscape . a dot appear in the distance , grow larger . the dot become the blue thunderbird , which whip by . camera follows it , pick up a fade wooden sign by the roadside . the sign read gatlin 7 mile . int . car burt and vicky be bored and quiet , lose in separate thought . ext . church - there Pov - day desert , dilapidate , a roadside skeleton that have not be attend in year . int . car burt so now we know . the back road be even less interesting than the highway . vicky smile sympathetically . she reach for the radio . vicky maybe they have discover music ... 16 . she flip the knob and a preacher' voice fill the car preacher ( vo ) hallelujah ! burt and vicky hallelujah ! preacher ( vo ) the Lord have say that there be many mansion in his house . but there 's no room there for the fornicator ! burt and vicky give each other a look . this be a goof . congregation ( vo ) ( loud ) no room ! preacher ( vo ) no room for the hommasexshull ! congregation ( vo ) no room ! preacher ( vo ) no room for the abortionist , nor the drug abuser , no room for rock and roll music ! congregation ( vo ) no room ! preacher ( vo ) when be they gonna find out that the wage of sin be pay in the hot , hot hall of ... vicky turn the dial sharply before the preacher can finish . all she get be static . vicky hallelujah , amen , peanut butter , white bread , and donnie and Marie . burt no room for the college graduate ! no room for people who watch public television ! vicky no room for commitment . 17 . burt amen ! CUT to : ext . cornfield - day Joseph be run scared through the corn . he struggle against the thick , unyield stalk and be sweat and breathe heavily . he stop every few yard to listen for sound of pursuit and also to get he orientation . angle he stop , change direction , stop again and look up at the sun . he be lose and fight against he panic . the corn begin to rustle ominously . Joseph do a abrupt about face and run face first into a heavy ear . it thud against he cheek , raise a well . CUT to : ext . thunderbird - day it continue to run the steady , gauntlet of corn . angle camera be looking out from the cornfield , as if the plant themselves be watch . the car go by . angle - head on with the approach vehicle . it abruptly slow down and pull over onto the narrow shoulder that separate the asphalt from the corn . there be a claustrophobic sense about proximity of the stalk . burt 's door open . int . car / ext . road - day burt get out . vicky remain inside but the window be open . vicky what be you do ? burt corn look a little dry . vicky can I watch ? burt better not . it lead to insanity . 18 . he walk up to the wall of corn . it 's impose , and it stop he . vicky that 's okay . I be crazy about you anyway . burt be transfix by the corn . he do not respond , or even turn around . vicky burt ? be anything wrong ? that snap he out of it . he look back at she and smile . burt no . be back in a sec . he start to go into the field . angle the corn rustle ever so slightly in front of he , but there be no breeze . burt stop like he 's just walk into a wall of glass . burt ( to vicky ) do you see that ??? angle - including vicky she 's still in the car , lean out the window . vicky no . what ? a beat . burt I guess it be nothing . vicky oh boy ! somebody 's be in the car too long . burt ( not convinced ) yeah . 19 . with a hint of apprehension , he submerges into the field . it swallow he instantly . CUT to : ext . cornfield - another -section - day Joseph be utterly terrify . he 's move quickly through the corn , suitcase in hand , like someone who know he 's be follow . he hear what sound like giggle up in front of he . he run to the side but be stop by deliberate and taunting noise in that direction . the sound be gleeful and seem to be make by child . Joseph turn again and again , but every - time be stop . a circle be close around he . he be trap , and cover with part of corn plant . CUT to : ext . the thunderbird - day vicky get out of the car and walk towards the corn . vicky burt ? be you alright ? nothing . vicky say something . anything . I be all ear . ( beat ) burt , that be suppose to be funny . the only answer be a soft , rustling SOUND from the impenetrable field . it 's almost like a whisper , and it spook vicky a little . angle - burt be stand in the corn listen to that rustling . something touch he shoulder and he whip around . a cornstalk be lean on he . as he shove it aside , a corn leaf poke he neck . burt be start to get agitate . he begin to run . CUT to : ext . cornfield - another section - day Joseph be run also , but now with a sense of futility . his direction change constantly and he terror be even great than before . he trip over a ear of corn and fall down . 20 . before he can get up , a hand enter the frame and grab he by the shoulder . Joseph utter a squeak of fright , the sound of a bird catch in a hunter 's snare . CUT to ext . cornfield - another section - day burt be still run . the corn seem to be rustling all around he , but that might be from the commotion he 's make . he shove ear and stalk and leave out of he way frantically . suddenly ... angle vicky crash into he from the blind side . he grab violently in a reflex reaction . vicky well , if this be how it affect you , we will have to come here more often ! burt stare at she , catch he breath . he continue clutching she shoulder . burt vicky ! vicky you be expect maybe jaqueline bisset ? burt wrap he arm around she . it be at once a gesture of relief , friendship , protectiveness and sensuality . vicky I know you be kinky . burt let 's get out of here . vicky why ? thing be start to get interesting . ( beat ) you alright ? burt I just get turn around a little . but let 's go . 21 . vicky ( reluctant ) okay .... he start to guide she straight ahead . she push he on a angle . vicky that way . they exit the cornfield . angle - the thunderbird burt and vicky emerge from the cornfield and get into the car . just before burt duck into the driver 's side , he give the corn a long , last look . the corn - burth Pov it be silent and still . angle burt get in and the t-bird drive away . the corn begins to rustle quietly . CUT to : ext . a clearing in the cornfield - day Joseph be flat on he back , panting and struggle , try to get away from malachai , who have pin he to the ground with a knee and a arm . other must be hold Joseph by the foot from the way he 's stretch out . corn silk be plaster to he neck and face , glue there by the sweat . angle a circle of child tighten around Joseph . they begin hum in a eerie , atonal way . a hand grip Joseph 's hair and jerk he head back . the boy' eye widen , a look of sheer terror come over he . malachai raise a cornhusker 's knife over he . the hum increase in intensity . CUT to : int . car safe within the car , burt and vicky have calm down considerably . 22 . burt I do not know what come over I . I never have claustrophobia before . vicky maybe it be just cornophobia . burt it sure could have be that . I be even ready to get back on the highway . vicky I think it be not too far on the map . ext . thunderbird - day camera track the car as it slam past we from right to leave . it pass another old sign . angle - sign in the shape of a arrow and make of rotting wood . it read : gatlin CUT to : ext . cornfield - day Joseph be staggering toward the camera , which be pulling back , keeping pace . his eye be blank and bulg . his hand be up to he throat and blood be flow through he finger , bright and sparkling . the front of he shirt be sodden with the red fluid . in effect , he 's dead on he foot . he 's head out of the cornfield although he do not know it . behind he we see a trail of twisted , break corn plant with blood splash on they . in the far background be Joseph 's suitcase . CUT to : int . car vicky be fishing through the glove compartment , look for the map . she have paper , tissue , hand - wipe , a comb , the car registration , everything in she hand but the map . vicky here it be . she extract it from a stuckey' bag on the floor . a wad of dried ketchup stain the front . 23 . she begin unfold it across the dash . she study burt with a know smile . vicky I wonder how it get in there ....? CUT to : ext . cornfield - day Joseph , reeling like a drunk , come to the edge of the cornfield . he look inhuman , like a macabre doll . CUT to : int . car vicky and burt be study the map , which partially obscure they view through the windshield . vicky be point . vicky you see ? this way go to Grand Island , and this look like it cut out towards the highway . burt where 's this " gatlin " we have be see sign for ? vicky I do not know . it 's not on here . burt lean over closer . burt it have to be ... something cause vicky to look up . angle — vicky shock , then horror , register on she face . she 's speechless for a beat . ext . road - day - vicky' Pov Joseph stagger out onto the road , directly into the path of the onrush car . his hand be still at he throat and he knee be already buckle . int . car vicky barely have time to scream . 24 . vicky burt !!! look out !!! burt jerk he head up , see the boy , hit the brake and go into a swerve all in one motion . burt jesus !!! ext . road - day everything happen extremely fast . amidst the sound of screeching tire and brake , the t-bird begin to skid . there 's a loud thump as it strike Joseph 's body , which be crumpling even before impact . angle the car continue to skid and we can not see whether it actually run over the body or just hit it , but we can see that it 's in grave danger of overturn . int . car burt be fight the wheel . the tire be still screeching . vicky be one long , pierce scream . as the car come toa shudder , quivering halt , she be throw face first into the windshield . burt , wear he seatbelt , go forward and back sharply . there 's silence except for the sound of the idling motor . angle burt move quickly . he rip off he seatbelt and cradle vicky in he arm , examine the nasty bruise that have already form on she cheekbone . burt be you alright ??? can you feel my hand ??? vicky have not really compose herself yet . she 's whimper softly . burt run he hand over she face . burt there 's a contusion and swell . it do not feel like anything 's break . vicky that be a animal , right burt ? please tell I it be a animal . 25 . burt suddenly remember the boy . burt I have get to go back there . you stay here and sit quietly . do not move . angle - rear view mirror - burth Pov burt know it be no animal he hit . he stare at the heap lie in the road about 100 foot back that be reflect in the mirror . he pray silently for a sign of movement , but there be none . angle burt gather himself quickly and bolt from the car . ext . road - day Joseph 's body lie face down , turn away from burt , who kneel beside it . he put he hand to the boy 's neck , feel for a pulse , and be confuse when he withdraw he hand . angle - burth hand it 's cover with blood . angle burt turn the body over . it flop boneless , lifelessly , on its back . the eye be open and we can see very plainly that Joseph 's throat have be cut from ear to ear . angle - two shot burt grimace and lose he breath for a beat . then he close Joseph 's eye - a deeply tender gesture - and make a momentary calculation . vicky 's voice interrupt . vicky be he ....? burt oh yeah . angle vicky turn away suddenly and gag . burt rush to she . vicky oh my God .... 26 . burt comfort she and start lead she back to the car . burt vick , there 's something terribly wrong here . I want you to get in the car and wait for I , and keep the door lock no matter what . vicky why ? what be you go to do ? burt I will tell you when I get back . just do what I say . vicky be alarmed , both by what he be not tell she and what he be . vicky no ! where be you go ??? they reach the car . burt open the door for she . burt I have to get the body . and I want to look at something . vicky what ? burt vicky ! please ! she debate for a beat , then slip into the car . terribly shake and pale . angle burt open the trunk and rearrange thing to make room . he take out a blanket , then turn and look back at the body , and also take out a tire iron . angle - through the corn - malachai' Pov she be although we do not see who it be at first , someone watch as burt go back to the body and gently cover it with the blanket . 27 . angle - burt walk over to the mangle portion of the cornfield where Joseph exite . he study the twisted , break and blood - cover stalk . all of he sense be alert . the cornfield - burth Pov deep in , he spot Joseph 's suitcase . angle burt make a decision . he check the car , look all around , and finally , tentatively , walk into the corn-field . int . car - vicky' Pov - including vicky vicky be in shock , rest dazedly in the front seat . her head be back against the headrest and she eye be close . she 's sobbing softly . if she eye be open , she would see malachai emerge from the corn about 50 foot ahead . she would see he pause , the bloody cornhusker 's knife still in he hand , and then approach the car . she do not see this , but we do . ext . cornfield - burt - day he be move carefully , alertly , through this jungle . he hold the tire iron ready and turn in every direction as he move forward . the suitcase be just up ahead in a clear . int . car / ext . road - vicky' Pov - including vicky vicky come out of she stupor and look through the windshield . she see malachai stand in front of the car with he malignant stare . vicky scream and lunge for the car horn . she pound on it , frantically look behind she for any sign of burt , then whip around to see that , malachai be go . ext . cornfield - burt - day he be kneel by the suitcase . he hear the car horn but do not respond immediately ; perhaps think she be just get impatient . the suitcase be in a clear . there be much blood here , still fresh . the suitcase be splatter with it . suddenly , the corn begin to rustle in that weird way again . burt look up at the tower stalk . they seem to be close in on he . 28 . ext . car - day vicky be unglue . she get out of the car , near hysteria . she begin to walk back towards the body . vicky burt ? burt , where be you ? wide angle - vicky' Pov there be no sign of burt . no sign of malachai either . in fact there be no sign of anyone or anything other than that endless , ubiquitous corn and the blanket cover body lie stubbornly in the middle of the road . angle vicky approach the body . she cup she hand to she mouth and begin to cry . she be unable to take she eye off of it she kneel next to it . vicky ( to body ) you poor thing . you poor , dear boy . and suddenly , violently , Joseph lurch up , cause the blanket to fall away from he hideous , blood drench body and deathly white face . he reach for vicky 's neck . she scream and jump back , continue to scream and back pedal until .... angle someone grab she from behind and she whirl with a start , find herself face to face with burt . she abort another scream when she see who it be . burt vicky ! she stare at he , all the trauma beginning to be too much for she . burt realize this . he put down the suitcase and shake she . burt vicky !! vicky !!! get a hold on yourself ! she fling herself at he . burt hold she closely . vicky oh burt ! where would you go ??? I kneele down next to ... 29 . she suddenly remember and whip around . joseph' body - burt & vicky' Pov it remain how and where it have be . the blanket cover it two shot vicky look at burt again , genuine confusion in she eye . vicky he sit up . he try to grab I ... burt ( gentle , compassionate ) it 's alright . everything 's go to be alright . I be here now . but the look on he face tell we he be not quite convinced himself . he hand vicky the suitcase . burt take this . come on , we ’1ll go back to the car . I have get to get the body . vicky do not go - leave he . angle vicky take the suitcase . burt go to the body , secure the blanket under it . they walk grimly to the car angle vicky wait while burt put the body in the trunk along with the tire iron , which he 's have tuck into he belt . vicky hand he the suitcase in the front seat . he and vicky get in quickly . angle as the t-bird accelerate down the road , dwindling out of sight , malachai step out of the cornfield . he stare after the car . CUT to : 30 . ext . house - gatlin - day establish shot . a american gothic , like many of the house in gatlin . camera zoom in slowly to a open window . we hear job 's vo narration . job ( vo ) I and Sarah be play . we play lot . malachai say it be forbidden , but I think it be cuz nobody like to play with he anyway . int . bedroom job and Sarah be play monopoly . they be dress to the hilt in the clothes of some former adult resident . the clothes be far too large and the garnish far too elaborate , which make they perfect for this two ham . job be swim in a suit and tie outfit complete with hat , pipe and a handkerchief in the pocket . he look absolutely dash . Sarah be in a glitter gown , also a hat , jewelry and lot of makeup . a small , battery - power record player be grind out tony bennet 's '' I left my heart in san francisco '' next to they . on the floor by Sarah be a piece of manila draw paper and a bunch of crayon . as they play . job when I grow up I be gonna have all the money in the world . sarah I too . job you can not . sarah why not ? job cuz I be gonna have it . sarah I will get it first . job will not . sarah will too . 31 . job oh yeah ? how ? Sarah place a HOTEL on boardwalk . job 's face register shock and dismay , but Sarah be well within she rights , he pick up the dice and count . a seven will land he on the dread boardwalk . he jiggle the dice and throw they . angle - the dice a seven . angle Sarah giggle deliriously while job count off the space with he piece , the cowboy on horseback . he purposely miscount and place he player on go . Sarah catch he immediately . she move the piece back to its rightful place - on boardwalk . sarah uh-uh , job . job how much be it ? sarah thirteen thousand , hundred dollar . she put out she hand for the payoff . job give she twenty and some one . still , it 's painful for he to have to pay anything , least of all to she . he cover this up with a child 's ploy : diversion . he grab the piece on boardwalk . job let 's pretend this be Isaac . angle he place the piece on the board four space from the go to jail spot and throw the dice . angle - the dice they total 11 . angle job quickly reach down and change the number so they come out to 4 . he and Sarah squeal with delight as Isaac be trudge off to jail . 32 . sarah what if he get a " get out of jail free " card ? job quickly fan through the pile of change card and extract all of the get out of jail free card . he toss they over he shoulder . job what card ? they be laugh and giggle at this when they fun be abruptly halt by a loud bang . angle - job and sarah they look towards the door at the same time . there be fear in they expression . angle - malachai - there Pov malachai stand there glaring at they , have slam the butt end of he knife into the doorframe to get they attention . CUT to : int . car aftershock . burt be drive . very fast . vicky be still reeling from the imagine ( ? ) encounter with Joseph . she be become hysterical again . vicky ... and then he sit up and try to grab I and I could see ... oh God ... it look like he throat have be cut . burt you must have take the blanket off and look at he . vicky I do not ! why be you insist that ??? burt vicky , you must have . otherwise how could you know ? when I get there the blanket be cover he . 33 . vicky how could I know what ? burt realize he 's give something away , and now he have to tell she what happen . he do not know how to say it . burt uh ... umm ... about he throat . vicky what do you mean ? what be you say ? burt how could you know that he throat be cut unless you lift the blanket and look ? he 's beginning to wonder that himself . could Joseph have rise up the way she describe ? it 's too farfetch for burt , but it chill he . vicky be horrify . vicky then it 's true ! he do ... burt do not do it , vicky . do not even think it . you have have a traumatic experience . you be in shock . now you have get to get a grip on yourself . vicky ( ignore he ) but how could get hit by a car ...? burt it do not . he look at she grimly , allow she to figure out for herself just how the boy die . CUT to : int . house it be very dark . Light filter in only through partially draw curtain . the furnishings be sparse , austere , but of good quality . there be religious artifact all about , most of a conspicuously pagan nature ; knife , scythes , symbol hewn from corn plant , cross ; and in the middle of all this sit isaac. 34 . he be less frightening now in this quietude , almost scholarly . he be write something by the light of a single shaft of sun that penetrate the room . one get the feel Isaac be a holy man . angle malachai enter with job and Sarah , still dress in they comical outfit . Isaac 's and malachai 's clothes be in stark contrast - the simple , black cloth we have see before . malachai salute he leader with a touch of the knife to he forehead . it be a pagan , barbarian gesture . malachal I find this two in one of the old house . they have a game , and music , and this .... he hand the sheet of manila paper that be next to Sarah over to Isaac . angle - the drawing - isaac' Pov not a bad likeness of the thunderbird . burt and vicky , unmistakable , be stand next to it . angle Isaac stare at the picture for what seem like a long time . meditatively . reflecting . isaac they come already . he look at Sarah with a hint of warmth . isaac you have the gift of sight , child . this be a bless . Sarah do not reply . she and job be scared out of they wit . malachal I have see this car upon the road . isaac go to the old man . make sure he tell they nothing . malachal what about this two ? 35 . Sarah and job stand absolutely rigid at attention . maybe if they do not catch anybody 's eye they worst fear will not be fulfil . Isaac decide they fate . isaac ( calmly ) take they back where they be . malachal but they have music ! and a game ! this thing be forbidden ! isaac question I not , malachai . I act accord to he will . malachai wither under the reproach . he bow he head reverently , touch the deadly blade to it , and then turn on job and Sarah with that kill gaze . CUT to : int . car burt and vicky be try to make some sense of it all . Joseph 's suitcase be on the seat between they . vicky but why ? why would anybody do that to a... a kid ? burt he be not that young . about 18 I would say . vicky could it have be a accident ? some kind of farm machine , maybe ? burt not a wound like that . his throat be cut ear to ear . that be deliberate . he be already dead when I ... when he stumble into the road . vicky whoever kill he ... do you think he see we ? burt do not answer . 36 . vicky I feel like we be be watch . burt possibly . blood start to coagulate in four minute , and the blood on the corn , even on the suitcase , be still fresh by the time I get to it . vicky then the murderer might have be in there when you ... do not you realize ??? burt I could not leave it there . besides , I think it might hold some clue . vicky let 's open it . burt no . let 's just get to a phone . ora house . or something for God 's sake . even a trucker with a cb . vicky funny how we have not see another car or truck . burt we should be hit this place gatlin pretty soon . vicky I wonder if he live there . burt we may never know . vicky I would like to know . I think we have a right to know . in fact , maybe we ought to . burt look down at the suitcase . burt I guess it will not hurt to look . 37 . vicky immediately turn it around so that the lock be face she . she react to all the blood . vicky yech burt reach for the radio . burt maybe we can get some news . he hit the button just as vicky get the latch unlatch and start to open the suitcase . suddenly : radio preacher ( vo ) atonement ! ! ! burt and vicky both jump . the lid of the suitcase drop shut . radio preacher ( vo ) only by the blood of the lamb be we save I only by his watchful eye be we keep from the sin of the world ! burt turn the radio off with a punch . he shout to the air . burt I have enough of this shit . vicky ( echoing ) and do it get into the corn ? ext . the road - day the car . the corn , and another sign . angle - sign gatlin 3 mile int . car vicky fish through the suitcase , reach underneath the top layer of clothes . she find something , and recoil in fright . vicky oh my God ! burt what be it ? 38 . she extract and hold up for he to see a corncob crucifix . the christ figure be do in raise relief , the kernel around it have be pick out . the cob have be cut in half lengthwise and notched at the top into a cross . it 's a monstrous corruption . burt Jesus ! vicky not in my book . burt that 's a authentic american primitive . vicky I think it 's repulsive . burt 's eye catch something up ahead . burt hallelujah . ext . gas station - burth Pov - day a very old mobil station , attest by the fact that the sign out front bear the ancient red pegasus logo and accompany flying a . there be two antiquated pump on the island and a third pump near the station house for diesel . angle the t-bird turn into the station just in front of where the main road veer off to the right and a secondary road jut off to the leave . the secondary road be rutte and only two lane so that car go opposite way would have to creep past each other . int . car burt drive over to where chester diehl be work on a 63 chevy pick - up . burt ( the crucifix ) better put that away . no need to involve this guy . vicky nod gravely in agreement . burt touch she cheek gently . 39 . burt everything ' 11 be alright the look in she eye want to believe he , and almost do . burt exit the car . ext . gas station - day Chester withdraw from the bowel of the pick -up . he 's in he late 60' , slow - move and look like a old prospector . his bib overall be stain with grease and he eye be magnify tremendously by he thick glass . he walk towards burt . so do sarge , a old hound dog who bark a friendly greeting and jump up on burt . the dog 's tail be wag . diehl at ease , sarge . maybe he do not want no beer . angle sarge 's collar have a cold can of old milwaukee Beer attach to it where a Saint Bernard would have a keg . the dog back off at diehl 's command . burt pet he . burt next time , sarge ... ( to diehl ) what I really need be ... diehl ( interrupt ) do not get no gas . burt oh. no , I ... diehl do not get no diesel neither . tank be dry . expectin ' the truck any day now . burt that 's alright . I just want to ... diehl do not buy no gas , can not use the restroom . burt telephone ! I just want to use the phone I ... 40 . diehl start to reply but burt know what 's come and beat he to it . burt do not get no phone . angle burt look to vicky . burt sigh heavily . diehl take a closer look at the stranger . diehl squeal at burt . angle - burt - diehle Pov he see the fleck of dry blood on burt 's hand and clothes . angle - the corn cornfield surround the gas station . the stalk begin to rustle and sway , as if a wind or force be in they . this force be threaten and immensely powerful . angle - gas station sarge pick up on this " presence . " his ear prick up and he growl deeply . this signal a change in Chester diehl . he study the dog for a moment , then seem to be anxious about something although burt can not quite figure out what . maybe it 's just that he start to move faster . he give burt a cover - up smile . diehl sarge , you be still now . in fact , why do not you go give that nice lady a Coke . reluctant and whining , sarge trot back towards the station house . diehl turn he attention to burt . he point to the fork in the road . diehl what you wanna do be go to hemingford , mister . about 19 mile down the right fork here . can not miss it . burt what about gatlin ? diehl ai not nothin’ in gatlin ... ( mutter ) nothin ' for you . ( more ) 41 . diehl ( cont would ) ( normal ) you will find everything you need in hemingford . int . car vicky be watch the man . sarge pop up by she window , scare the breath out of she . he be slobbering over a can of coke that he hold in he mouth . he drop it in she lap . she pat he on the head . vicky thanks , fella . ext . cornfield - day whatever the hell be move the corn around like that seem to be get closer to the station . the sky seem to darken and a eerie wind pick up . angle - favoring sarge he still have he paw up on the car but be sniff the air wildly . he bark loudly , again give vicky a bit of a fright , and clamber out towards the corn-field . angle - burt & diehl diehl be definitely worried about something , and not only sarge , on whom he 's keep a close watch . diehl sarge , you stay right here ! burt what do you mean ' nothing for you in gatlin ? diehl well , folk in gatlin get religion . they do not cotton to outsider and you probably will not find a phone . he look around burt towards sarge , who be whining and sniff at the edge of the cornfield . burt turn also . angle - burt & diehl ' S Pov the corn in front of sarge be wave vigorously in the " wind . " 42 . two shot diehl mister , I would sure like to stay here and shoot the breeze with ya , talk about politics and farm future , but right now I get work to do . you get on that right fork over there and you will be in hemingford in no time . ( sudden , vehement ) sarge ! I say at ease ! burt ( sarcastic ) well thanks a lot . you have be a real help . diehl watch as he get back into the t-bird . angle diehl be stand in front of the car , tear between apologize to burt and want to get back to sarge . diehl hey , you get a bust headlight , mister . look like some blood on it . burt lean out the window . diehl be increasingly nervous . diehl you have some kinda oxidant or somethin’ ? burt why ? you have time to fix it for I ? he 's let the old man know that he know something be wrong here . diehl no , but you can get it fix . burt in hemingford . diehl nod affirmative with smile , then look for sarge . what he see alarm he . he go run towards the dog . 43 . diehl sarge ! int . the car burt pull out of the station just a bit too fast . something about diehl have agitate he . burt either that guy be terrify of something , or he 's be out in the sun too long . ext . the car - day the t-bird drive up to the fork in the road , pause momentarily , then take the right fork towards heming -ford . ext . gas station - day sarge , bark feverishly , run into the cornfield . diehl arrive at the edge of the corn just a moment too late . he dare not follow even he beloved dog . diehl ( angst ) sarge ! sarge ... ext . the car - day it whip past a sign for gatlin - 2 mile . int . car vicky have begin take thing out of the suitcase and fold they neatly on the seat . vicky there 's nothing much in here . just kid 's stuff . clothes , a compass , a pocket knife , match and a apple . burt smart kid . he must have figure he might have to sleep out a night or two . vicky hold up a college t-shirt with the nebraska cornhuskers and number 19 emblazon on front . the think of it make she start cry again . 44 . vicky oh , burt ... look , maybe he be hope to go to the university ... burt might have be ... vicky why . .. why ? ext . road - day the t-bird screech to a halt as it come into frame . it back up toward the camera . from this angle , we can see a white signpost with gatlin road mark in black letter . it stand at the corner of a tiny , one lane road that be not easily see . int . thunderbird burt and vicky consider the road through the windshield . burt this have to go to gatlin . every sign we have see have be for gatlin and none for hemingford . we can not be more than a mile away . vicky what about what the gas station guy say ? burt that crazy old coot . I can not believe there be not a public phone in a entire town , I do not care how small it be . vicky well , let 's just do whatever 's fastest . burt drive forward and turn leave onto gatlin Road . it 's extremely narrow , even more claustrophobic than the one they be just on . CUT to : ext . gas station - day Chester be still call to sarge , but , there 's neither sight nor sound of the dog . diehl 's call have become a lament . 45 . diehl ah , sarge ... why would ya hafta go after ‘em ... the only reply be the rustling of the corn . angle - favoring pick - up truck the hand of a child pull a cross -shape lug wrench out of the back of the truck diehl be work on when burt and vicky first drive up . the hand clang the wrench against the side of the truck . angle - favoring diehl he whip around , know he 's hear something , but not see any sign of what it be . he look back to the corn , as if to call sarge one last time , but be too bother by the noise he 's just hear . instead , he take a few tentative step towards the pick -up . diehl ( fearful ) izzat you ... izzat you ? what da - what be you doin 's in there ? the answer he get be another noise , this time come from he office . he turn and face that way , craning he neck to see . his breath be quick . in a word , he 's terrify . he take a few step towards the office . angle the corn all around the station be beginning to rustle even more furiously than it have be . angle - diehl he approach the office . another few foot to go . angle - the corn still move , weird and ominous . angle - diehl Chester reach for the office door . his hand be shaking . just as it swing open we .... CUT to : 46 . int . car / ext . field - burt & vicky' Pov - day the car come to the top of a rise and burt and vicky be treat to a panorama of .. more corn . burt put on the brake . burt something 's wrong . that last sign say gatlin be one mile . vicky that sign be damage in the last ice age . burt it 's get to be around here some - where . vicky ( spook ) why do not we just go back and take the road to hemingford ? burt because it 's silly to go nineteen mile when you only need to go one . it 's worse than silly . it 's suspicious . vicky when you have a body in the trunk .... burt and a break headlight with blood on it . he proceed on . 50 yard ahead be another leave turn . burt okay , let 's try this one . he turn onto yet a smaller road . they be go deeper and deeper into the corn . CUT to : int . office - gas station Chester diehl breathes a sigh of relief . he 's stand inside the door to he office and mercifully , he 's alone . there 's nothing but the usual mess . 47 . diehl musta be the wind . and just as he say this there 's a loud crash ! diehl oh lordy ! please be the wind ! he exit the office , again take that short , frighten , tentative step . ext . gas station - day he walk over to the pick -up . he 's whimper softly , talk to himself , try to keep he nerve . diehl " course it 's the wind . they hood latch be not worth a damn . blow over in a bad fart ... angle he reach the truck and start fight the hood , which be stick . suddenly , the humming we have hear before - pagan atonal and eerie - break the silence . Chester jerk around but see nothing . he walk toward the camera . diehl who be it ? who 's there ? I do not tell they anything ! I swear it ! I keep we bargain , just like always ! ! but the hum have stop and no one appear . diehl wait . nothing happen . by and by , he figure maybe this too be the wind . now he go back to the truck angle he lift the hood with a mighty heave . as it open , it reveal something that make Chester diehl scream . angle - the engine - diehle Pov sarge 's head , cut off at a bloody stump of a neck , be rest squarely on the engine . the eye have roll backwards and up and the beer can from he neck ring have be stuff in he mouth , give the decapitate beast a comically macabre look . there 's blood all over the engine . angle 48 . it take Chester a moment to stop scream . the shock have cause he to stumble back , away from the truck . after a few step , he stagger around in circle , look on every side for danger . he continue to move back until he come to the garage bay door . angle he 's stand next to the door , look around wildly , when he spot a long handle wrench . he pick it up protectively and wait . nothing happen for a beat . then , the bay door clatter up behind he and Chester whirl around , the wrench raise over he head . he stare into the darkness . diehl you bastard I you kill my sarge ! I will get you for what you do to he ! CUT to : ext . road - day the t-bird bounce along the tiny road . the corn seem to be move in on it ; two giant , green wall about to crush a darting insect . int . car both burt and vicky be nervous now , spook and disorient . both speak with a frantic edge in they voice . vicky this be not the way ! I be tell you ! burt it 's get to be ! we make a leave and a leave ! they drive on further . burt be intense , speak to calm himself as well as vicky . burt this road be straight . no curve . if anything , this one have to let we out by the station . vicky do not answer . 49 . angle they come to a wall of corn where the road end in a perpendicular T. burt squeal the brake and he and vicky hear thing toppling in the trunk . vicky what be that ? burt it be just my golf bag . vicky be you sure ? burt what do you mean ' be I sure ?! of course I be sure ! vicky I mean about the boy . be you sure he be dead ? burt vicky ! he look at the road in front , then behind they , try to go gauge they direction . he decide to go leave again . ext . the car - day we can tell from the way the tire screech that burt be a man who be quickly lose control . the car fish - tail into the turn . CUT to : int . garage BAY a battle be go on , more like a kill with a pack of wild animal taunting they surround prey before they move in . the garage bay be fairly large , strewn with old tire , box , oil can , rag , hose and various other instrument and acquisition of the trade . in the center shiny red 1960 MERCURY sedan sit over the single lift . angle Chester diehl be the surround animal and he be not go down without a fight . 50 . he be flail wildly with 'his long handle wrench , try to hit the black clad child who dart in and out of he reach . they be all armed with farm tool . they be lead by malachai . diehl focus on he . diehl you murderin ' little devil . I do everything you say . I never tell anyone . not once in three year . he swing the wrench clumsily . malachai step sprightly out of the way . he can kill diehl any time he want . diehl ( contemptuous ) call yourself the Lord 's Children . malachal we do he bid , from shine to shadow . diehl the devil 's ! malachal he who walk behind the row ! diehl swing again , this time cause himself to trip and stumble forward . malachai kick he backwards into a group of he accomplice . they begin to beat and hack at the old man . he scatter they with the wrench . CUT to : ext . road - day the t-bird be chew up road , barrel along at close to sixty . we get a sense from this shot of desperation , as if the vehicle itself be frighten . it rip over bump , turn and dip . angle - the car it be strewn with corn silk and leave , which cling despite the air drag . int . car burt and vicky be silent . they come to another T. burt hit the brake , suddenly come to the realization that the corn be he adversary . 51 . vicky ( lose it ) oh God ! we be never go to get out of here ! burt stop it , vicky ! we will too ! vicky then tell I where we be ! he answer with another leave turn . burt right back where we start . angle they have turn onto a bigger road , one that look vaguely familiar . vicky I think you be right ! this look like the first one we be on . burt I tell you . they continue along , pick up speed . ext . the car - head on shot - day the t-bird come hurtle toward the camera . as it fill the frame , it slow to a. halt . burt and vicky sit motionless , stare in disbelief at something that be behind the camera . angle the car door open on both side . burt and vicky get out and move towards something off screen . they expression show bewilderment and revulsion . angle - the cornfield - burt & vicky' Pov - day in front of the car , we see the swerve mark where the car try to avoid Joseph . this be definitely the spot , the corn from where he be murder out to the road , be now a ooze , blacken version of its former self . where it be green and strong ( and bloody ) , it be now rotting and wilted . it have not be burn . Rather , it have become disease and decaye in this short period of time . this area have become a cancer on the other - wise healthy , green landscape . 52 . burt and vicky stare at it , comprehend only on a subliminal level . vicky . be cring , beyond word . burt step forward . he look at vicky . angle - vicky - burth Pov her eye have the look of a crippled gazelle that know it 's be pursue by lion . she have somehow read she own death sentence in this . two shot burt walk over to she . he have find a reservoir of strength in all this horror . he reject vicky 's obvious fatalism . burt we be go back to that gas station . I want some answer , and I think that old man as they . we be drive in circle . let 's go back . vicky gaze at he blankly ; a frighten , hopeless look about she . ext . gas station - day the car pull into the station . a quiet kind of danger pervade the place . angle burt get out of the car resolutely but stay near it for safety . he scan all around . there 's no sign of Chester , sarge , or anyone else . burt hey ! Old timer ! nothing . he reach in through the window and hit the horn . burt I want to speak to you ! still no reply , unless the very loud silence count . burt ( to vicky ) he 's get to be around here some - where . 53 . angle burt walk over to the pick -up . he look inside the cab then notice the hood be ajar , mostly down but with six inch of gap . reflexively , he go to lift it but before he do ... angle vicky get out of the car and call to he . vicky maybe he 's inside , in the bathroom or something . angle burt forget the hood ( and under it , sarge 's head ) and walk around the side of the station to the door mark men . he knock on it . burt hello ? anybody in there ? nothing . he try the handle but it 's lock . he walk back towards the front office . vicky meet he . burt how about you wait in the car . vicky not on you life . burt alright . but stay behind I . and keep you eye open . they head for the office , burt lead the way . int . office burt and vicky enter the office . it be exactly as it be when we see diehl in p.t except for one , glaring incongruity . there be corn everywhere . ear , leave , stalk and silk} pile on the desk , stuff in the water cooler , heape in the garbage pail , etc . it be macabre , eerie . vicky gasp ; burt tighten . angle burt put he face up to the glass window on the door that separate the office from the garage bay . 54 . the bay be dark inside , and burt have to wipe the dirt off the window to see what little he can do . int . garage BAY - office door - camera 's Pov the door between the bay and the office open and , after a brief hesitation , burt and vicky enter the dim room . it be illuminate from light come from the outside and the office , but shadow fall everywhere . angle burt and vicky enter cautiously , make as little noise as possible . they look around . the place be a mess , have be tear apart during diehl 's struggle wit the Children . only the MERCURY remain untouched , a island of stability amidst the destruction . burt and vicky move towards it . angle vicky 's elbow hit a hubcap on a workbench . it fall to the floor with a loud clatter ! she and burt jump simultaneously , stifling they alarm the instant they realize what it be . angle the reach the mercury . burt peer inside . int . MERCURY - burt 's Pov nothing . a nice red interior , a empty pack of camel and a load ashtray , but no body , bogeyman or Chester diehl . angle vicky tap he on the shoulder . she point to a corn leaf protrude on a funny angle from the underneath the car . burt kneel down and look under the car . it be pile with corn , which he try to pull out but can not . angle burt get up the dust off he pants . vicky look at he quizzically . he do not say anything , instead go over to the lift control and push down the lever . angle the merc begin to float upwards as the hydraulic machine hum . 55 . angle - the pit the rise lift reveal the body of chester diehl , bludgeon and bloody , lie dead in the pit . his body be festoon with corn plant and he arm , which be bent grotesquely away at a unnatural angle , hold aloft a hand that clutches another of the corncob crucifixe . vicky scream . burt swoon . job 's voice over narration complete this scene job ( vo ) I think he name be Mr. diehl , but once I hear malachai say it be juda . crash CUT to : ext . the road - favoring screeching tire - day the try belong to the thunderbird , and it be get as far and as fast away from that gas station as be possible . the rubber cry out for traction as the rpm 's exceed they ability to grip the asphalt . as a result , they protest with blue smoke . angle the car start to follow the right fork again but suddenly jump the triangular dirt divider and shoot onto the rutte , secondary road . towards gatlin . CUT to : ext . a clearing in the corn - day the arm of someone live be hold up a corncob crucifix . camera pull back and we find ourselves at another religious gather . there be about 50 boy and girl between the age of 8 and 18 , along with several newborn infant . everyone be dress in black or gray except Isaac , who be the one hold aloft the crucifix . the group be hum that bizarre chant we have now come to associate with they . angle Isaac be face the other , about to lead a sermon . behind he be the wooden base of what we will later see be a large crucifix . Isaac lower he hand abruptly and the hum cut off . 56 . isaac behold ! a dream do come to I in the night and the Lord do shew all this to meet group praise God . praise the Lord . isaac a time of tribulation have come . a test be at hand . the final test . malachal what have the Lord command . angle Isaac turn and look up at the crucifix that tower behind he . camera pan up , follow he gaze , and we see the decaye body of a crucified man on it . a few tatter blue rag of clothing hang off of it , and on the skeletal head be a blue police chief hat . most of the skin have be pick clean by crow , but the eye be leave , bulg and sightless . the body have be festoon with dry corn leave and corn husk be pile around its foot like a offer . isaac in the dream , the Lord do come to I , and he be a shape . it be he who walk behind the row , and I do fall on my knee in terror and hide my eye lest the fierceness of his face strike I dead . and he tell I all that have since happen . he say , ' Joseph have take he thing and fle this happy place because the worship of I be no more upon he . so take you he life , and spill he blood , but let not he flesh pollute the corn . cast he instead upon the road . ' group yea , and so it be do . Joseph the unbeliever be cast upon the road angle camera pan the face of the group as they speak . they be robot . unquestioning . Fundamentalist . future Moral majoritarian . they listen raptly to they Ayatollah . 57 . isaac and he who walk behind the row do say , ' I will send outlander amongst you , a man and a woman , and this outlander will be un - believer and profaner of the Holy , and the man shall sorely test you , for he have great power , even great than the Blue man . camera pick up the Blue man on the crucifix , with its grotesquely jaunty cap . all eye have turn to it . camera zoom in to its face as the ceremony continue . group ( vo ) the Blue man . . . yes . . . the Blue man. isaac ( vo ) and we shall not fail him , for he be the true God , the only God , and his message have be plant within we as the corn seed be put into the ground . ( rise ) make sacrifice unto him . bring him the blood of the unbeliever 1 malachai jump to he foot and shout in a kill fervor . malachat ( vo ) make sacrifice ! the group , stir by this , rise to its foot also . group ( vo ) make sacrifice ! yes ! they start they chant again . the camera be by now on a close - up of the Blue man 's face . it fill the screen , that bulg eye stare out at we . the hum grow in intensity . dissolve to : ext . porch - gatlin - day job and Sarah be sit on the dusty porch of the house where we first see they ( inside ) . they be still dress in they costume . they look like caricature of two anachronistic , break down aristocrat . 58 . sarah now what do we do ? job I wanna get out of here . sarah how ? job like Joseph . sarah no. job why not ? if he can do it , so can we . Sarah leaf through a pile of manila paper she have next to she . she extract one and hand it to job . angle - the drawing - job' Pov it show we , in Sarah 's innocent style , what we did not see happen to Joseph - malachai ( in stick figure ) pull a oversize knife across the helpless boy 's throat . a number of other child watch gleefully . there be blood everywhere , spew out into the corn . angle - two shot job start to whimper . job I do not like malachai . I want my mommy and daddy ! sarah they be go , jobie . they be in the corn . job it 's not fair ! I wish Isaac never come here ! sarah ( resign ) he 's always be here . just like he who walk behind the row . 59 . they sit there on the edge of the porch , leg dangle over the side , job pout and Sarah contemplate . CUT to : ext . a road sign - day another old and weather - beat sign . it read : you be now entering gatlin , nicest little town in nebraska population 968 . angle camera pull back to show the highway and the corn . the t- bird enter the frame and we follow it down the road . we see a barn rise above the edge of the corn-field in the near distance . written on it in large , white letter be the legend : only jesus save int . car vicky be lean against the door stare out the window . she look haggard and beat . burt we should have come this way the first time . vicky would it have save that old man ? burt look at she , surprised by the question and concerned by the tone . burt I do not know . hopefully the police will be able to figure that out . they drive for a moment . vicky begin to giggle . burt look at she with even more concern . the giggle be a stream that turn into a river . she press she hand to she mouth , try to suppress a hysterical laughter , a laughter of catharsis and relief . burt what be you laugh at ? vicky do you see that sign ? the one on the side of the road ? gale of laughter now . 60 . vicky there ! there be some more . slow down . ext . the sign - burt & vicky' Pov - day they border the right side of the road . there 's a single word stencile on each wooden " board . the entire set read : a/ cloud /by /day/a / pillar/of / FIRE /by / night int . thunderbird vicky 's laughter be subside , but slowly . she 's have a much need belly laugh . burt do not really think it 's funny , but he 's glad vicky do . vicky ( wiping tear ) they only forget one thing . burt what 's that ? vicky " burma shave . " burt honey , be you sure you be alright ? she finally stop laugh , but dab she eye with a tissue . vicky I will be . just as soon as we be a thousand mile from here in sunny , sinful California with the Rocky Mountains between we and all this . ( beat ) look , here be some more . ext . the sign - day and / he / name / shall /be /in / there / forehead angle - the car breast a hill . gatlin appear in the distance . int . car as vicky and burt get they first glimpse of the town . burt look like a swingin ' place . 61 . ext . giatlin - burt & vicky' Pov - day we get we first full glimpse of the town . it 's in a dip at the bottom of a hill . there 's one MAIN STREET , a few cross street , a park in the center and a few dusty elm . just a sleepy little town doze in the summer sun . int . thunderbird burt and vicky be check out the town . there 's a quiet , tense apprehension about it that they share . vicky look like the twilight Zone . ext . the town - including t- bird - day the car be cruise at a moderate speed . it pass a few residential side street . the house be american gothic - wooden , white paint , porch - but nothing move . so it seem . there be no car , truck , bicycle , people ; no kid play stickball or retire farmer smoking corncob pipe on they porch . angle - a house what burt and vicky do not see , however , be eye that be upon they . a face , watch from a attic window , disappear behind a lace curtain . angle the car now pass a brick build . this sign on the yellow , patchy , front door read : public library . with luck it contain 500 book . two boy rise slowly froma crouch position by the side of it . they watch the pass t-bird intently . int . feed & supply store it be old , dusty , and lock up . bag of feed and fertilizer be pile high . five child , three male and two female , stare through the window . there Pov - the STREET - day the thunderbird roll by . int . thunderbird burt and vicky be feel more and more apprehensive . there 's obviously something wrong here . burt be go very slowly , almost reluctant to proceed further into this place . 62 . burt I guess nobody tell they we be come . vicky I hope not . burt ah , hell , they be probably all out under a tent somewhere sing praise the Lord . vicky be not convinced . ext . coffee shop - day the car slow to a stop in front of han sen' coffee shop , scene of the open carnage . like every other place in this town , it look empty and desert . int . car burt and vicky be check it out . burt let 's see if there 's a phone . vicky unless a ghost be use it . unlike when we last see it , there be no sign of what go on here . all of the table and chair be set up , the booth clean and the counter spotless . the only thing lack be any sign of recent use . angle as burt and vicky enter . the door close behind they muffle a sound from the kitchen . angle - kitchen a black sleeve arm reach to a butcher block and pick up a cleaver . angle - the front room burt be try the pay phone with no luck . vicky be look at the chalkboard on the counter . it say : today 's special meat loaf corn fritter mom hansen 's homemade pie $ 2.74 . vicky run she finger along the counter and look at the dust . burt hang up the receiver disgustedly . 63 . burt nothing . not even a dial tone . parking lot - day two boy sneak along the side of the car . they carry side and keep low , out of sight int . coffee shop burt and vicky be about to leave when they hear a noise in the kitchen . burt start towards the kitchen door but vicky grab he . vicky burt ! please ! do not go in there . burt why not ? it might be somebody . vicky please ! something 's wrong . I can feel it . I have be feel it ever since we get here . let 's just get in the car . now . we will drive to hemingford . or Grand Island . anywhere . burt vicky , you be really spook . come on , take it easy . vicky please . humor I . TI do not want you to go in there ! the urgency in she voice , she insistence , win he . burt alright . but at least let 's look around some more . there 's get to be somebody . and just as they turn towards the front door , burt spot the two " somebody " mess with the car . they have get the door open and be try to sneak in . burt hey ! get away from that car ! 64 . ext . parking lot - day the boy , both around 12 , dart off , leave the door open . burt dash out after they , several step ahead of vicky , but be not quick enough to catch they burt see that ? just like " back home . leave you car for two minute and look what happen . he hurry back to the driver 's side and get in . burt get in . I do not want to lose they . she follow he into the car quickly . int . car it lurch forward in the direction the boy run . vicky what be you go to do when you catch they ? burt ask they where I can find some help . what else ? ( beat ) damn ! where would they go ? ext . town - burt & vicky' Pov - day there 's no sign of the boy . no sign of anyone . up ahead we see the main part of town . there 's a rexall , a five & dime the grace baptist church with its tower steeple , and next to that , the three - story gatlin municipal build . vicky ( nervous ) look , we be already in the car . why do not we just continue on to hemingford . it will take we twenty minute . burt but we have find people . vicky yeah . a couple of kid who try to break into we car . burt debate . burt there be something strange about this place . after the way the old man act ... vicky and what happen to he . the think chill she . burt maybe you be right . we might be better off in a larger town anyway . he make a u-turn in the middle of the street and start head out of town . something stop he off screen . burt over there ! vicky what ? burt I see a door open and close . that house . vicky I do not see anything . burt let 's check it out . vicky why ? I think we be go . burt yeah , but if we know somebody 's here .... vicky we do not know anything . I be look over there . I do not see it . burt vick ... settle down . this be not a lab experiment , we do not need all the answer ... he start drive towards the house . 65 . 66 . vicky do not patronize I , burt . burt I be not . I see the door swing open . a quick look . it can not hurt . vicky do not answer he . they pull up in front of the house . ext . house - day burt be up the step to the porch in two bound . vicky take longer . she 's nervous and sullen . only a screen door separate they from the inside . burt shout through it . burt hello ? anybody home ? he bang on the frame a few time . burt hello ? we have have a accident . we would like to use you telephone . vicky you see ? I tell you . now can we go ? burt frown . he pause for a beat , then open the door and poke he head in . vicky burt ! this be somebody 's house ! burt precisely . and all we want to do be use they phone . he enter the house . reluctantly , vicky follow . int . house there 's a live room off to the leave , a dining room to the right , and a staircase straight ahead . other room be in back . angle - there Pov what be not break or crack be wear , tear or fade . the upholstery on the couch in the live room look as if someone take a knife to it 67 . the stuff have be gouge out of the seat . a crack picture frame hang lopsidedly over it . two shot burt and vicky look at each other . neither like the feel about this place . burt I 'il check the back . camera follows burt behind the staircase and into the kitchen . int . kitchen in disrepair and disuse , like the rest of the house , it do contain one item of interest to burt . a telephone . he grab the receiver and raise it , but never get a chance to dial . the wire - burth Pov cut . it dangle uselessly from the receiver . angle - foyer vicky watch as burt walk out hold the useless phone with its severe wire . burt I find a phone . vicky well , it certainly go with the decor . burt back door be open too . whoever I see must have slip out . probably one of that kid I chase off . vicky yeah . who else would avoid we ! I mean , it 's not like we have get a body in the trunk . burt now , now . vicky why do not we sit down and make ourselves comfortable . ( more ) 68 . vicky ( cont would ) I be sure nobody ' 1ll mind if we pour the first drink . then when the City Council show up .... burt okay , I surrender . we be go . he move towards the front door under she triumphant stare , concede tacitly she right to be annoyed . they be about to leave when a floorboard creak above , they hear it and freeze simultaneously . vicky do not you dare . burt be like a puppy who 's spy a squirrel up in a tree . or think he have . he shush she , he eye never leave the ceiling as he move towards the staircase . vicky burt ! this be ridiculous ! I be get really angry . burt ( whisper ) come on , vick ! do not you want to know who it be ? why they be hide from we ? this whole thing be so bizarre . vicky ( shouting whisper ) all the more reason to get out now ! burt be already walk up the stair . very slowly and quietly , he eye constantly on the landing above . vicky pout and sulk and sigh and fidget at the bottom , know she 's unable to stop he . his curiosity be contagious as much as she would like to deny it . angle burt slink up the staircase like a cat stalking a unsuspecting bird . another noise , followed by foot -step . he stop and look at vicky . angle - vicky as she eye meet burt 's . someone be sneaking around up there . they both know it , but vicky fear it more . angle 69 . burt get to the first landing . he check ahead - the stair now reverse direction - then look back at vicky one last time . he be visibly more tense now . he 's start to sweat and he breath quicken . he take a step forward , and creak a floorboard himself . it freeze he to the spot . after a beat , he continue . upstair - burth Pov two bedroom and a bathroom be visible . a short staircase lead up to a master bedroom . angle burt step on another loose board . it creak very loudly . anybody wait for he have to know where he be by that one . he suck in a breath . more footstep from above . angle burt be at the top landing between the two bedroom . he look into one of they , then disappear into it . int . bedroom we recognize from the bed and bulletin board that this be the bedroom Sarah be sick in three year ago when she father be on the phone with she mother , x just before he be murder . only now , on that bulletin board , be tack all of the picture we have thus see of she " stick figure prophesy . the bedroom look like it have not be use in a long time , or at least clean , and be dusty and full of cobweb , but that crayon drawing on the manila paper be a child 's illustration of the nightmare that take over gatlin . angle - the drawing - including burt burt study the drawing . he be see they for the first time and they chill he to the marrow . he rip off the rendition of he who walk behind the rows and stare at it . quick shot - the picture as burt stare at it . the evil figure stare back out at he . angle - hallway just as burt turn out of the doorway , he come face to face with . . . . . vicky !!! each jump and gasp at the same time , they heart rack and they eye widen . 70 . before they have a chance to rebuke each other , another noise from upstair . they look towards the master bedroom and nod in silent agreement . angle they get to the top of the short staircase and be about to look into the master bedroom , in fact be craning they neck and grip each other with white knuckle from the tension when a tremendous , horrific shriek scare the daylight out of they . voice hahahahahahahaha . . . wipe out ! vicky lose it . she scream before she can realize that it 's a record as the music of the oldie wipe out , continue play . burt charge into the bedroom . int . bedroom burt stop dead in he track , find himself stare down a equally frighten and surprised Sarah . vicky enter the bedroom a beat later . burt begin to laugh . vicky join he . they laugh almost as hard as vicky do in the car when she see the sign outside gatlin , but they stop themselves when they realize how frighten the child be . burt I be sorry . do not be afraid . we do not mean to scare you . Sarah be stare at they like they be from another planet . she warm to vicky , though . vicky well hello ! what a darling little girl . what 's you name ? sarah ( sheepish ) Sarah . vicky Sarah . that 's a lovely name . I be vicky , and this be burt . Sarah will not look at burt . she steal a glance at vicky . burt be you alone here , Sarah ? she do not answer . 71 . vicky do you live here ? Sarah shake she head no . burt you just come here to play ? Sarah look down at the floor . her record finish and she take it off the turntable . angle burt notice the manila paper and crayon next to she , register the connection to the terrible picture he 's just see . he say nothing for the moment . wide angle vicky be you mommy and daddy around , Sarah ? Sarah answer as if that 's a stupid question , but the think of the answer sadden she anyway . sarah they be in the cornfield . vicky what be they do there ? sarah all the grownup be there . burt well , be they work ? or be they have some kind of meeting ? sarah ( frustrated , a little frighten ) noooo ! Isaac put they there ! burt Isaac ? who 's Isaac ? Sarah shrug defensively . she do not want to answer . vicky tell we who Isaac be , darling . 72 . sarah we leader . now burt be get frustrated and a little impatient . burt leader of what ? sarah of everybody . burt throw up he hand and walk over to the window . he 's have enough of this conversation , and frankly so have i. vicky keep at it with Sarah , turn even sweeter and more patient in the wake of burt 's reaction . vicky could you take we to Isaac ? sarah ( very grave ) uhhhh - uhhhh . angle - burt while the conversation continue in the b.g. we watch as burt look out the window and see something that bewilder he . vicky ( vo ) why not ? ext . cornfield - burth Pov - day that same , immense , invisible force we see in the cornfield just before Chester diehl be kill be now move towards the town . the corn be shaking wildly and the sky darken at a tremendous rate . a howling wind accompany this . it sound alive . int . bedroom - burt he look away for a second , blink he eye in disbelief . sarah ( vo ) he 's scary ! burt look out at the cornfield after he momentary respite . vicky ( vo ) ( to Sarah ) ( more ) 73. vicky ( cont would ) Sarah , it 's very important that we speak to some grownup as soon as possible . be there anyone around that you can think of ? ext . the cornfield - burth Pov - day nothing . no sign of what burt see a moment ago . int . bedroom burt rub he eye and accept the possibility that stress be get to he . he walk back to vicky . sarah they be go . vicky go where ? sarah into the corn ! burt intervene . burt we be not get anywhere with this , vick . vicky give she a chance , honey . she keep say the townspeople be out in the cornfield . ( to Sarah ) right , sweetheart ? all of the grownup be in the corn ? Sarah nod affirmatively . there be a chill quality to the innocence with which she do this . burt I tell you what , then . you stay here with she . I want to go look in that municipal building . vicky ( alarmed ) why ? 74 . burt why ? because we have get a double murder to report and we be stand here with a pint size version of Catherine the great try to make sense out of what happen to all the people in this town . vicky I just think she could help we . burt I know . maybe you be right . she 's all we have for the moment anyway . at least let 's not lose track of she . vicky alright . maybe somebody will come for she . burt if they do , you just bring they over to the car and hit the horn . I will keep a eye open . he kiss she lightly and head for the door . the reality of he departure suddenly make vicky nervous . vicky burt ?... do you think it 's ... safe ? a beat . burt be not sure , but he do not want to scare she . burt for who ? vicky for either of we ? burt yeah . weird , but safe . he smile , and be go . ext . house - day burt close the front door , the wooden one behind the screen and make sure it 's lock securely . he get into the car . 75 . ext . gatlin - burth Pov - day burt walk towards the center of town , check everywhere for sign of people . the sidewalk be empty , storefront dark and silent . there 's no one to be see anywhere . only a sense at burt be follow . angle - stalker Pov camera track burt across the park in the center of town . we see the pond in the middle of this park . angle the solitary car pass the Grace Baptist Church . cornshuck have be heape in the doorway . the letter in the front sign have not change for three year . they read corn drought and the lord angle as the car go by , a pregnant teenage woman step out of the shadow and glare at it . she hurry inside . this rachel deigan . burt be followed - stalker Pov burt turn to look behind he , camera hide as burt turn onto the main drag and study the building . ext . five & dime store - burth Pov - day ware be display " but we can barely see they for the dirt on the window . something have be write in the dirt . angle - window - cu the message : he who walk behind the rows seeth all angle - gatlin rexall the next building over . cornshuck and corn leave have be pile in the doorway and inside the display case . angle — the car it continue its stygian journey . angle - favoring gatlin grade school he pass the gatlin grade School . he move up the step and inside . 76 . int . school approaching the blackboard from the door , we see a corncob crucifix hang in the center of the black -board . underneath , in chalk , be write : I have withdrawn my hand from they saith the lord GOD of host , and they shall pay in blood for there iniquitie burt real ext . municipal build - day burt pull up in front of the building . he climb the step to a pair of wooden door . there 's a drift of corn husk at the top step and another corncob crucifix hang on each of the door . burt look at this thoughtfully for a moment grow more grim by the second . he go inside . CUT to : int . bedroom - sarah & vicky Sarah be sit on the floor , vicky on the bed . vicky try to calm herself by calming Sarah . vicky well , I guess it 's just you and I . Sarah smile at she . she be a lot less nervous than vicky . vicky so tell I , what be you do here all by yourself ? just play record ? Sarah balk , tug at she dress . vicky ah , come on . you can tell I . Sarah look at she , wonder if she can trust she , then give in . she point to she paper and crayon . vicky drawing ? what 's so secret about that ? sarah not suppose to . vicky you be not suppose to draw ? 77 . Sarah nod affirmative . vicky say who ? Isaac ? a negative shake of the head from Sarah . sarah malachai . vicky malachai ? now who 's .... never mind . I tell you what . you draw I a picture and we will just not tell malachai , or Isaac , or anyone at all . how about it ? sarah ( brighten ) okay . she arrange the paper and crayon and begin draw . she 's so sweet and adorable that vicky can hardly take she eye off of she . CUT to : int . municipal build burt push through the door and step into the lobby of the building . what we see be not what he see . we see , briefly , a scene from three year ago . a large room - burth Pov off of which be several door , all with frost glass and black lettering . one say : bureau of registration , another be : deed and a third say : dog officer . in the back be a sign that designate : restroom . angle the room be lively and full of people . the municipal worker of gatlin , country folk in casual attire , be crowded around a trio of young child who be hand out lemonade , and charge quarter for it . the kid have bring a portable stand into the room , complete with pitcher , ice and a sign and a cup for change , and the adult be find themselves amused and refresh . 78 . it take a moment for the deadly poison in the drink to take effect , and as the shocked and confuse people be try to figure out what 's happen to they , a older group of teenager , lead by malachai , charge in with they slaughtering weapon . they cut they helpless victim down mercilessly . angle the restroom door open and police chief bill hotchkiss come out straighten he belt . he see the carnage and freeze . so do the murderer . they have not expect this . hotchkiss be dumbfounded and horrify , but he have the presence of mind to flee just as a half dozen of the demonic kid leap out at he with they weapon . angle malachai expertly throw a knife after the police chief , but hotchkiss have slam shut the door . the knife bury itself in the wood . angle - burt as he scan the quiet , empty room . there be no body , but the place be a shamble . desk , chair and table be overturn , filing cabinet be down , and everywhere be corn ; dry , brittle and yellow with age . angle burt pass a bulletin board upon which be several notice . prominent among they be one that advertise : old fashioned revival meeting come to the tent in sower meadow hear rev . carl bruckner " obedience to authority be obedience to GOD " hear lily trement , the singing marvel plus " the gospel six " praise the lord JULY 1 - 3 7:30 pm . angle - burt as he read this , something flash in he mind . quick flash to Sarah 's draw of the revival meeting in the corn where the child usurper ( Isaac ) shove the minister aside . angle burt turn away and go to the door mark bureau of registration . he begin to open it . CUT to : 79 . ext . house - day the house in which be vicky and Sarah . a black hat come into frame , and then the body of the boy wear it . he be dress in the black , cloth uniform we have see . camera widen to include more than a dozen companion . they be the oldest boy we have see , between 15 and 18 year old , and some of they be pretty big . all of they be scary . they have a hungry , lethal glint in they eye . they have form a big semi-circle around malachai , and they be hum they weird song as they close in . all be armed . CUT to : int . registration office burt be explore the office . it 's a shamble , like the other room , and corn be heape everywhere in here too . angle - burt he take all this in with grow bewilderment . then helook up at the far wall and we see he eye widen with surprise . the wall - burth Pov it 's dominate by the strangest portrait of christ we have ever see . we know it 's Christ but even so , there 's a stronger resemblance to lon chaney in " the phantom of the Opera . " this Christ be grin and he have green hair but , after a moment we see it really be not hair at all but rather corn plant . angle burt cross the room to the picture and take it off the wall , stand on a chair to do so . he stare at the hideous corruption for a moment and then smashes it on the floor . he be not out of control , but the image have affect and offended he deeply . he head for the door angle camera linger on the window as burt exit . slowly , one by one , three boy , all crown in black rimmed hat , look in at we and scan the now vacant office . they hold a brief , whisper conversation and then duck out of view . CUT to : ext . house - late afternoon shadows be beginning to fall across gatlin as the sun be get low . 80 . the ominous circle of boy move towards the house have break up into two 's and three 's . a few be at the front door , which be lock . angle two more find a basement window ajar and wriggle in . angle another group apply a crowbar to a live room window . house - bedroom Sarah be still work on she picture . vicky enter from another room . vicky how 's it come ? sarah Fine . vicky what be it ? sarah ( innocent , angelic ) you . vicky ( delighted ) oh ! can I see ? sarah yes . she finish a couple of stroke and hand the picture to vicky . angle vicky cu her face go from bemuse to horrify to repell as she look at the picture . angle we can tell from Sarah 's expectant face that she have absolutely no idea that what she 's draw be bad in any way . vicky be about to rebuke she when we hear the sound of glass breaking . vicky whip around and look out the doorway . CUT to : 81. int . municipal bldg . stairwell burt climb the stair to the third floor . he 's tired , sweat heavily , and beat . he pull the door open and exit into a dark corridor . angle - corridor wall painted in red along the wall , which end at a FIRE escape door , be the word : thus let the iniquitous be CUT down that the true GOD might come forth burt follow the word along the wall , arrive at a pair of office on either side . one belong to police chief bill hotchkiss ( the Blue man ) and the other to mayor JOHN D. reese . angle burt turn into the police chief 's office and get a fright . angle - burth Pov a moldy scarecrow , festoon with corn , be propped up in the chair behind the desk . a policeman' badge be pin on the cloth shirt . CUT to : int . house vicky come out of the bedroom and stop at the top of the stair . vicky ( anxious , tentative ) burt ? be that you ? she walk down the short staircase . the answer , at first , be silence . then , softly , the hum . vicky listen , and clutches in she right hand the picture Sarah draw . curiosity get the better of she . ever so slowly , she tiptoe down to the top of the second landing and look down . angle - the first floor - vicky' Pov the hum get louder . the Children of the corn begin to congregate at the bottom of the stair . they stare at vicky through rabid eye . they weapon and they intent be plainly visible . vicky ( shout ) who be you ? 82 . they hum steadily . vicky shout even louder . she 's terrify . vicky what do you want ? the hum stop abruptly . angle malachai step forward from the rear . he look up at vicky with a bliss - out expression . malachal we want to give you peace . angle vicky figure that one out in a hurry . she lunge back upstairs , trip and stumbling in she haste . angle malachai let slip he pup of war . malachal seize she ! and with a gleeful shout , the boy rush the stair all at once . they fall over each other in they haste to do malachai 's bid . int . master bedroom vicky run into the bedroom scream at the top of her lung . she slam the door and frantically pull a chest of drawer against it just as the first wave of boy arrive . they initial charge be dull by the unexpected weight of the furniture , but it be obvious they will not be stop . vicky , still scream , push against the door with all she might . a hatchet blast through , cut she arm and splintering the wood . vicky scream again and clutches at she arm . angle the door give way and the boy , like giant black rat , pour into the room . vicky pick up a lamp and throw it at they . Sarah remain seat on the floor , freeze , stare fearfully at the proceedings . 83 . angle - sarah' Pov vicky be drag , literally , kick and scream from the room . her clothes be tear , she 's bleed from the mouth and arm and she face be badly bruise . she have drop the crumpled picture on the floor . angle Sarah be leave untouched and alone in the room . she have not move through the whole thing . her wide , terror-stricken eye tell the whole story . he lip tremble . CUT to : int . police chief' office burt be still there , try to figure the forebode scarecrow , but have decide he 's have enough of try to figure anything in gatlin . he turn around and see a picture on the wall behind he . the picture - burth Pov it 's the virgin mary , wither back from the onslaught of a monstrous dragon . underneath be a caption : and when the dragon saw that he be cast unto the earth , he persecute the woman which bring forth the man child angle - burt - cu as he read the caption , he sense something . angle he begin to move on , but something about this picture pull at he . he stare at it again . the picture - burth Pov - closeup his eye study the dragon , and then the woman , and then the threaten dragon again .... angle and then burt begin to run . he fly out the door and into the .... corridor running as fast as he leg can carry he , slip on the slick floor .... 84 . the staircase he " take the stair three at a time , two flight , and burst through the door to the main lobby . the lobby burt streak across it and crash through the door . ext . municipal bldg . - late afternoon the first thing burt see stop he momentarily . thunderbird - burth Pov it 's wreck ; slashed , batter , the hood be up and the wire rip out ; and the engine be stuff with corn husk and plant . burt enter frame . angle burt bolt down the stair and past the car at a dead run . his path be a trip in time . various building he run past give we a brief glimpse of they terrible history . angle burt run past the library . quick flashback a group of " child " be burn its book in a big bonfire outside . dozen of book be toss out the window by that inside while the one outside heap they on the flame . isaac supervise . angle - burt he do not see this flashback , of course , but instead keep run . his footstep and the steady sound of he breathe be the only thing we hear . he pass the rexall . angle - the church as burt run past the church , we see another scene of horror . quick flashback - the steeple belltower the minister be be manhandle by malachai and another group . they have already beat and bloody he . now they roughly put a noose around he neck . he plead with they in vain . they shove he out of the bell tower and he plummet until the thick rope catch , snap he neck . 85 . he hang there with he eye bulg and he tongue stick out , just like in Sarah 's draw . angle - burt he remember the draw and stop for a beat to look up at the steeple . the rope still hang but the noose be empty . burt gulp at the air and continue on . angle - the park cut through the park , burt leap over the pond . angle - the pond a doll float face down in the water . angle and finally , burt arrive at the house . he see the break window and kick - in front door . int . house burt nearly rip the screen door off its hinge , smashes through the door . he look around wildly , very much out of breath . burt vicky !!! he run up the stair . burt vicky !!! int . master bedroom burt charge in , wild eye and maniacal . the sight that greet he be Sarah , who be shaking and whimper in the corner . a line of blood show where vicky be drag out of the room . burt kneel next to the little girl . burt where be she ? where have they take she ??? please I Sarah be severely traumatize at the moment . she look at burt blankly . burt ( plead ) if you have any idea you have get to tell I . she 's in danger . ( more ) 86 . burt ( cont would ) she could be you mother . please ! please ! the urgency in he voice , perhaps that last line , reach something in Sarah . she surface briefly . sarah malachai .... burt who ? malachai ? where do I find he . Sarah stare at he for a moment , then look over to the crumpled picture vicky drop just before she be take . burt grab it and uncrumple it . the picture - burth Pov just like all of Sarah 's other drawing , in crayon , it show a obvious likeness of vicky - same clothes and hairstyle although in stick figure - crucify on a cross in the cornfield . there be blood drip from several wound include the one we see she get in the arm . we can not tell if the vicky in the pic-ture be dead or alive . angle - burt as he react to the picture . burt no ! dissolve to : ext . cornfield - late afternoon - vicky closeup . vicky be lie on something , flat on she back somewhere in the cornfield . it 's a large clear . she be only semi-conscious . bruise and bloody , she drift in and out of awareness . she seem to be hearing voice , which we also hear . malachai ( vo ) do he speak to you , Isaac ? isaac ( vo ) he speak to I always , but today he be displease . vicky be not sure whether this be just a bad dream . she toss she head from side to side , try to awaken herself . 87 . angle - malachai & isaac we now see that this be indeed no dream . the two be there with she . isaac he be displease with you malachai . malachal ( nervous ) what have I do ? isaac ( angry ) oo question him not in vain ! do you not know you do sacrifice Joseph without a offer ? do you not spill the blood of the old man when he oil and gasoline be still useful to we ? malachal we have we own fuel now . in the still . from the corn . isaac shew not you pride , malachai . we have not enough . malachal ( vindictive ) and be the Lord not displease that we have not offer him Sarah and job ? isaac Sarah have the gift of sight ! she warn we of the come of the interloper . question not my judgment , malachai . I be the giver of he word . malachai glower at Isaac . for the first time , we see he unafraid of the young boy , even a bit scorn - ful and resentful . angle - vicky she struggle to open she eye and see where the voice be come from . 88 . isaac ( vo ) now go you and bring I the hus - band . vje must offer they tonight . when amo leave we . vicky suddenly feel herself be pull , jerk , up into the air . she snap out of she daze enough to see what be go on around she . angle she be be raise into the air . she see Isaac below , and the depart malachai . there be several other child around , help with the erecting of she cross . only now do she realize that she be tie to a large , wooden crucifix . it be turn as it 's raise , and she find herself .... angle - vicky' Pov ... face to face with the Blue man . angle - vicky her horror and revulsion be too intense even for a scream . she press back as hard as she can against the cross , back away from she fate . CUT to : ext . another part of the cornfield - day burt be run - along a wall of the corn , frantically scream for vicky . he be hot , tired and out of breath . he be also intensely determine . he rip the corn plant out of the way . another angle burt be lose , or at least he do not know where to begin . all he know be that vicky may be out here somewhere , undergo some unspeakable torture . he try another direction . another angle angle - burt he 's press he way through another row . the corn seem to have thicken , as if burt be at the bottom of a giant green pool . there be no longer discernible row , just one giant wall of corn . 89 . angle the plant themselves be beginning to resist burt physically . leave swat he in the face . one cut he with its razor edge . a stalk bend over in he path , wrapping itself around he . burt be get panicky , but mentally fight the idea that this stuff have a will of its own . he finally loosen the tenacious stalk . burt Jesus Christ ! he struggle on , sure of only one thing . his will to find vicky . and then he spot something that may help he . angle - church steeple - burth Pov he spot the high place in gatlin , from where he can look out over the entire cornfield . angle - edge of the field burt emerge from the corn , fight he way to the very last . he be plaster with plant - leave , silk , husk - and be bloody and exhaust . he tear the stuff off of he . he find himself next to a barn , and decide to check it out . ext . barn - late afternoon it be quite large , make out of wood , and paint red . the door be OPEN so burt approach carefully . there be no sign of anyone about . angle - burt - stalker' Pov someone be watch burt as he walk towards the barn . he be still brush corn plant off himself . the watcher make no move towards he , but keep pas with he at a distance . int . barn burt poke he head in to make sure no one be there . flashback to : int . barn same Pov as burt 's , but three year ago . at first we think this be what burt be see , just as in the Municipal Building , but we will quickly realize it be from the past . Police Chief hotchkiss - sweat , dishevel and out of breath - be alone in the barn . 90 . he look at a page from a book very briefly , then stuff the piece of paper in he shirt pocket . angle he go to a still which be house in the barn . next to it be several 500 gallon metal container mark gasohol . he find some hose , cut off the metal ring fastner at the end and connect they to the spigot on one of the drum . he 's start to unwind the hose out of the barn when ... angle suddenly , he 's jump by several teenage boy . they beat he unconscious with ax handle , but not until after a fierce struggle . during the melee , he shirt be rip and the piece of paper fall to the ground . angle after the boy have drag they unconscious victim away , a figure step into the barn and pick up the paper . it be job . present time : int . barn burt look around . he see the gasohol drum , the still , a fairly modern tractor , and basic farm implement . but no vicky . he head to the church . ext . gatlin - late afternoon burt be near the church . angle - burt - stalker' Pov again we see burt through the eye of whomever be stalking he , maintain that careful , respectful distance . burt start to go in the front , then think better of it and walk around the side . we follow burt from this Pov . angle burt creep up the back step to the church and listen at the door for a beat , then try the handle . it 's open . int . church - corridor burt enter from behind the pulpit . he walk along a narrow corridor , stop , and look into the sanctuary . flashback to : 91. church sanctuary - ( burth Pov ) the same place burt be look at , only three year prior the gray haire minister , whom we see depict in one of Sarah 's drawing and also later hang from the steeple , be kneel in prayer at the pulpit . Isaac , malachai and they cohort walk up behind he . angle the Minister be unafraid at this moment . he have " be read from he bible , and rise and turn on the Children with a defiant stare . he turn the book around and hold it up to Isaac . the bible - isaac' Pov it be open to the book of revelation . a page be miss . angle Isaac hold out he hand and malachai hurry to fetch he another bible . Isaac open this one to the corre -spond page and read for a beat . he look up at the Minister , who say something to he which we do not hear . whatever it be Isaac sneer at the older man . he take something out of he pocket and hold it up for the Minister . the police chief' badge - minister' Pov unmistakably the real thing . it say : chief of police and at the bottom : gatlin angle the Minister be shake . Isaac rip the page out of the Bible and crumple it , drop it to the floor . the Minister back up , but the Children of the corn be upon he . we have already see what happen next . present time : int . church - burth Pov the first thing burt see be the destruction , even more vandalism than in the Municipal Building . the icons have be chip , break and paint upon ; slogan have be paint on the wall in red : and ye shall worship no false god before he and and a child shall lead they ; cornshock and plant have be heape everywhere ; and the christ figure have be completely redone in corn - a crown of corn , cornsilk for hair , etc. 92 . angle and much to hurt 's surprise , there be people . he hide in the shadow . a ceremony be take place . Rachel deigan , the pregnant girl who watch burt drive by on he way to the Municipal Building , be there with she two young child . behind they , fill the first few pews , be a dozen onlooker , none of whom be older than 18 . they be all watch as amos deigan , a dark - haire boy of 19 , be make ready for a very special occasion . he seem almost in a trance , and give he wife a blissful , unsee smile . angle a black robed girl step up to he and offer he a cob - handle knife and a BOWL hollow out of another cob . deigan take this and make a incision in he chest , over he heart . he begin to draw a pentagram . angle - burt he be alternately fascinate , horrify and revolt by what he see . he be hardly able to restrain himself from stop amo . angle amo finish the last line of the symbol . he hand the girl back the knife and begin squeezing he blood into the bowl . when he have several tablespoon , the girl wipe the wound and hand he a quill pen and a scroll . she hold the scroll unfurl while he dip the pen in he blood and write something down . the girl take the pen and the scroll away when he 's do . angle deigan then turn to he family . the congregation begin to hum as he offer the bowl to he wife . she taste it without hesitation , then prepare to give some to the child . angle at that point , burt can stand it no longer . he jump out from he hide place . burt no ! he continue forward , stop only at the edge of the pulpit . 93. burt be you out of you mind ??? what the hell do you think you be do ? angle the room be dead silent . everyone stare at he with hateful eye , everyone except amo . he be too bliss out . he give burt the same vacant look he give he wife . amos today 's my birthday . burt you have get a pretty sick way of celebrate , it . he turn on Rachel . he have suddenly assume the role of a reproachful parent . burt and you ! be this you child ? you ought to be lock up for even allow they to see this much less .... the black robe girl shout at he . girl silence , interloper ! you presence do profane this holy place . he will reckon with you I burt well that 's fine , whoever " he " be . I happen to be a doctor . maybe " he would " like to discuss the medical ramification of carve yourself up with a unsanitary object not to mention what it would do to that kid to drink it ! amo be confuse . someone be suddenly condemn what should have be he hour of triumph . amos but it be as it should be . as it be write . girl speak you no more to he , amo . he be a unbeliever ! 94 . she look to one of the boy in the pews . girl hurry . bring Isaac ... no , malachai . the boy rush out . burt ignore this . he 's make some progress with amo . burt what do you mean , ' as it be write ? written where ? amo look at the scroll . angle the scroll be rest on a ceremonial table . the knife lie next to it . burt make a move for the scroll just as the girl / priestess grab for it . she get the scroll first but burt get she wrist . he be a different burt now , a man who have be push too far and be desperate . he twist she arm forcefully and take the scroll from she . angle several of the older boy in the congregation walk forward . burt eye they aggressively and they hesitate . he go back to the scroll . the scroll - burth Pov he unfurl it , revealing a list of name , all write in blood like amo ' . the difference be that theirs be dry and brown , he be fresh red . beside each name be a birthdate and date of death . zepeniah kirk ( GEORGE ) B. oct . 14 , 1963 oct . 14 , 1982 yemen hollis , ( edward ) B. jan . 5 , 1964 jan . 5 , 1983 mary well ( roberta ) B. JUNE 18 , 1964 JUNE 18 , 1983 and so on , until the last name , which be amos deigan ( richard ) B. oct . 3 , 1964 oct . 3 , 1983 angle burt look at amo in confusion . burt I do not understand . this kid all die so young ? amos not die . we go to him , on the first night of we 19th year . night be his time . 95 . burt and what happen when you go to he ? angle the boy who run out for malachai burst back in . boy malachai come . angle the girl / priestess command the other . girl seize he ! do not let he escape . burt start to back up as the emboldene youth surge forward . the girl pick up the ceremonial knife and plunge it into burt 's right shoulder . he stagger backwards and fall into angle a pile of bible . they be all open to a particular spot - revelation - and a page have be torn out of each one at this spot . angle burt yank the knife out of he shoulder , grimace in pain . the onrush youth stop when he point the knife at they . burt ( enraged ) be this you religion ? he pick up one of the bible with he leave hand throw it at they , and another and another , until he pause once , notice the miss page . burt what do you do ? rip out the ten commandment , or just rearrange they to suit you need ? he rise to he foot , but stagger from pain and loss of blood . the boy inch forward . burt stop again , threaten they with the knife . he back out of the church ... 96 . ext . church - late afternoon burt exit the rear door .... and begin to run . he toss away the knife . after a beat , the horde come run after he . the girl / priestess be last , exhort they . girl seize he ! do not let he escape angle - burt - stalker' Pov whoever this be who have be stalking burt watch he run towards the main part of town . the stalker duck away abruptly , hurry himself to keep up . angle burt be run through town . he turn down a side street only to find malachai and he bunch run towards he . burt do a about face and head the other way , narrowly . avoid the group that chase he out of the church . angle burt run and run , turn errantly whichever street or way present itself . finally , he have to stop for breath . he quickly find himself surround by a half dozen boy , all of they armed . angle burt stare they down , turn all around so that he can see if and when any of they make they move . the boy be cautious . burt be at least ten year older than the oldest of they , and he be not any pushover . he be a wounded , desperate , adult and the boy sense this . burt I be warning you guy . this be not a game . first one of you come near I 's gonna get he head knock off . camera pan there face . this be child . the murder in they eye be so incongruous with they physical selve that it be hard to imagine they be as deadly as we have see they be . angle one of they charge burt and swing a sickle . burt block it and knee he in the groin . 97 . as the boy double over , burt pound he between the shoulder blade , send he to the ground . burt will make ingenious use of he medical knowledge before this day be over . he pick up the sickle and swing it , just in time to send two more attacker scurrying backwards . burt God damn it ! now keep away from I ! he walk towards they resolutely . they give ground , let he pass . but just as he seem to be free ... angle malachai and he little hun round the corner . burt shit .... they explode after he , shouting and cheer in they kill frenzy . burt take off . angle - outside municipal build burt show some agility , wounded shoulder and all . he catch the bottom of the fire escape after a run leap which only the tallest of he pursuer can match . use he leave hand , he pull himself up and clatter up the metal stair . he carry the sickle in he belt . angle some of the taller boy follow he , other stream around to the front entrance . angle - roof of municipal bldg . burt climb to the roof from the top of the fire escape . he run across it and without stop , jump to angle - the roof of the rexall ... the rexall roof , and right into a pile of decaying , skeletal body of the former adult of gatlin . he land face first in the grisly mess . he gasp and swoon from the sight and smell . he pause until he hear the shout behind he . angle - burth Pov several of the older and larger boy , lead by malachai , have reach the roof of the Municipal Building . they be run towards the jump -gap . 98 . angle burt notice that the arm and legs of several of the body around he be jutting up at strange angle . with several swift , angular stroke , he cut a number of this into sharp bony spike and point they towards where he pursuer will be come from . he lop a final hand off at the wrist and position the protrude bone . burt ( to the corpse ) thanks for the hand . he run to the edge of the rexall roof . the only way off be to jump , about 20 foot down . he look back . angle - burth Pov the first assault wave from the Municipal roof land in the pile of body after clear the jump . one boy fall squarely on one of the " spike " and be im - pale . malachai get one through the leg , and fall in agony . two other boy however , land with no problem although they first run to check on malachai . angle burt climb over the edge of the rexall roof and hang as far as he can before drop . he fall into a tuck - and -roll , come out of it with just a slightly sprain ankle . suddenly , bottle , knife , rock and other weapon begin to rain down upon he . angle with glass break all around and the metal weapon strike the pavement by he foot , burt hobble away as fast as he can . angle - rexall roof the pursuer have already form a " chain " and be lowering they horde to the sidewalk . angle - stalker' Pov the person who have be stalking burt see a new line of Children take up the pursuit . burt head to the leave , and so do the stalker . 99 . angle - by a house burt use a 25 - yard distance between he and the hun to stop and gulp air . he 's look back , wait for the first sight of the demon when he hear something from above . upper window - burth Pov two girl , dress in drab , gray dress , have open the window above he and be pour something out of a kettle towards he . one of they be pregnant . angle burt dive out of the way , barely avoid several gallon of boiling corn oil . he look up at the girl in disbelief . they stare down at he in blind hatred . angle the boy be come and it 's time for burt to flee . he run past more house . he 's about to run back into the cornfield when somebody call to he . job hey mister ! over here ! the size , age and innocence of the boy stop burt . angle - job - burth Pov still in he oversize suit , he 's a comically absurd figure . job c'mere ! I know where to hide ! angle burt look back and see the alternative . he decide to chance it and run after the boy . burt who be you ? job c'mon ! they run into the backyard of the house next door . this be the house where burt and vicky first find Sarah . 100 . angle job lead burt to a pair of outside cellar door , one of which be open . the little boy run down they like the white rabbit . burt follow like Alice . int . cellar there 's danger here . it 's dark and burt 's eye be acclimate to the light . he see job reach up and close the door over they , then switch on a flashlight . angle there 's another door at the bottom of the step and a old , unused one adjacent to this . job open the latter one . angle - stairway job lead the way with he flashlight . job careful . they walk down a short flight of creaky , wooden stair towards a light room . int . bomb shelter in the dim light of a kerosene lamp , burt find himself ina homemade bomb shelter . it be a 30 x 30 room pack with supplies - cot , food ( can and dry ) , medical supplies book , tool , etc - everything a " survivalist " would stock for about three month . Sarah be sit at a small table , stare at burt . she be in she " adult " costume also . burt scan the room with he eye , finally come back to the little boy in the strange outfit who say ecstatically : job be not it neat ? CUT to : ext . clearing in the cornfield - late afternoon the sun be low in the sky . it will be dusk in less than a hour . Isaac and malachai be have a heat discussion . malachai 's leg be bleed through ban-dage . vicky , now unconscious , be still up on the cross next to the Blue man . there be about a dozen boy present . they listen intently to the argument . 101 . malachal the Lord will ' be pleased enough with amo . we need the woman . she will bring the man to we . isaac no ! he must be take without she . we can not remove she from this place . it be Holy ! malachal to bring him two we would not use one ? isaac ( threaten ) do not blaspheme , malachaii you know not the law . he speak they only to I . malachal ( enraged ) I think not , Isaac I you be the one who have lose favor with him ! he be a God of blood and sacrifice , not ceremony ! isaac ( shouting ) liesl sacrilege ! down on you knee , heretic ! malachai lash out with he fist and knock Isaac to the ground . malachai stand over he . the new usurper . malachal Command I not , Isaac , for you have grow prideful , and apart from we . he who walk behind the row will decide you fate . Isaac , drip with venom and utter hatred for malachai , turn on the assemble group . he scream invective . isaac do not just stand there ! seize he ! punish he ! cut he down ! I command you . I be the Word and the giver of his law ! ( more ) 102 . isaac ( cont would ) disobedience to I be disobedience to him , he who walk behind the row , and he will slay you with a thousand time a thousand death each more horrible than the last !!! Isaac 's word fall on deaf ear , or at least change mind . the boy gather around malachai , not to seize he but to accept he as they new leader . malachai accept the role matter - of - factly . malachal cut the woman down . put Isaac in she place . isaac no ! you dare not ! malachal we will see how he favor you . Isaac be seize and drag to vicky 's cross . isaac no ! you blaspheme ! he will punish you ! the jaw of Hell will devour you . all of you ! he struggle violently but in vain . vicky be cut down from the cross . malachai watch with vengeful approval , as Isaac be put in she place . angle a procession enter the clear . it be amo , follow by he wife and child , escort by candle bear Children of the corn . amo step forward , that glaze look in he eye . amos I be ready to celebrate my birthday . malachal we have a surprise for you , amo . Isaac be go to keep you company . amo , malachai and the rest look towards the cross . angle Isaac be on the cross , still kick , struggle and shouting . 103 . isaac malachai ! he will punish you ! he will punish all of you ! he will not forgive you . none of you will be forgiven . int . bomb shelter burt be finish bandage he shoulder wound with the available medical supplies . job my dad build it . for when the Communists launch they first strike . burt laugh bitterly . burt the Communists be not go to get we , job . we be go to get we . job be you look for the lady ? burt ( sharply ) yes ! have you see she ? job they take she to the clear . burt what clear ? where ? job in the cornfield . where the Blue man be . burt how do you know ? job I follow they . just like I follow you . burt show I . Sarah intercede with surprising vehemence . sarah no ! you can not . it 's almost night . 104 . burt so ? sarah night be his time . burt ( frustrated , confuse ) whose time ? what be you talk about ? Sarah hand he a picture from she stack . burt walk over to the table where she 's sit . angle - the picture - burth Pov it be a picture he , and we , have see . it show the figure of he who walk behind the row , with that caption underneath . wide angle he hand she back the picture . burt I have see this . in the house . I do not believe there 's a bogey - man out there . job be too . he make they kill my mom and dad . burt ( sincere ) tell I . job I do not remember everything that happen cuz I be only five then , now I be eight ... as he continue , with burt listen intently , we ... dissolve to : ext . gatlin - dusk night be fall . there 's a small glimmer of sun on the horizon , sink fast . malachai look around . he call out to he unseen foe . 105 . malachal outlander ! we have you woman . she still life ! and indeed she do . camera widen to include vicky , who be bound and in malachai 's grasp . about twenty boy be milling about , wait to do they part if burt should come . malachal ( to a group ) five of you , go through the town . call to he . tell he we wait . CUT to : int . bomb shelter job be finish tell burt the story . his word should sound familiar . burt then it be malachai who kill the old man at the gas station . job uh huh . I think he name be Mr diehl , but once I hear malachai say it be juda . burt ( plead ) job , you have get to take I to that clear . I think it be malachai have take vicky , and if I do not get there soon , I be afraid she 's go to wind up like Mr. diehl . job ponder very seriously for a moment . job alright . CUT to : ext . gatlin - dusk malachai be still call to burt , bait he with vicky . malachal outlander ! maybe you do not hear well . how 's this ? 106 . he pull the knife across vicky 's face , cut she cheek . she scream . vicky burt ! do not .... malachai clasp a hand over she mouth , muffle she warning . malachal her blood will spill , outlander unless you give yourself up unto him . angle - burt , job & sarah the three emerge from the bomb shelter and begin run towards the corn . they cross the street and run to where the field be visible . something jerk burt to a sudden halt . angle - burth Pov - long lens in the distance , near the barn by the cornfield , malachai be still hold vicky . malachal we will not wait much longer , outlander ! it be come night , and night be his time ! angle burt have to resist the temptation to run directly to vicky 's aid . job and Sarah now see what he be look at . job ( hiss ) malachai ! ( then childlike ) he 's in trouble now .... burt job , you and Sarah find a place to hide . if anything happen to I , you head out of town as fast as you can . stay on the road , and do not stop until you reach hemingford . now go on . burt have not stop look at vicky the whole time . he run off screen , leave job and Sarah watch he go . CUT to : 107 . ext . the cornfield - nightfall night come , and night be his time . the corn begin to rustle until it actually seem to tremble . angle he who walk behind the row be on the move , casting a black shadow against the blacken sky . the corn bend to his will , flatten on all side as the God surge forward . angle - the clearing - isaac Isaac , from he high vantage point , see what 's happen to the corn . terror fill he face . angle - amos amo have be sit cross-legged in the clear . wait . stare off into a private place . he sense the approach force and stand up . he be smile . amos it 's him . he 's come for I . he 's come to welcome I . he look into the sky , all about , but can not see any - thing . search , he wander out of the clear and into the row . his call fade in the wind . amos I be here , Lord . I be ready ! camera zoom in to isaac whimper and cower like the 14 - year old boy that he be Isaac watch as amo disappear into the corn . CUT to : ext . near the barn - nightfall a eerie wind be beginning to blow , somewhat like the wind on the outer edge of the eye of the storm , which signal the end of the calm and the beginning of the apocalypse . in the background , the corn be breeze wildly . debris , tumbleweed part of corn plant , etc , be blow across gatlin . angle - burt he be creep up on malachai with quick burst of speed from cover to cover . 108 . he run from the back of a house to a fixture of pipe and tubing that lead out into the cornfield . angle - the fixture - closeup there 's a cement apron around the fixture , and a removable cover in the cement . some white lettering have be paint on the side of one of the pipe : sprinkler pump # 5 and # 6 . burt look out to where the tub lead and see .... angle - the cornfield even in the dark , he can make out the shape of two giant sprinklers . angle there be some hose and tubing lie around the fixture . burt pick up a length of the metal tub and heft it in he hand . he look at malachai differently now . not more than 50 foot separate they . angle - burt , including malachai & other before burt can make he move , a noise from the corn-field distract everybody . all head turn towards it . they can see nothing , only hear a scream . CUT to : ext . the clearing - same time Isaac be ashen and sweat . his eye be fill with unspeakable horror as he listen to the sound of amo scream just beyond he in the corn . that area of the corn be be tear up by something tremendous . there be terrible , beastly howl around amo ' feeble scream . angle a SOUND of tearing and breaking , follow by a gurgling , quiet that area of the corn momentarily . Isaac wait and listen , strain to see . suddenly , something be heave into the clear from the field . it look like a sack , or what might once have be a body . it be wear the remnant of amo ' clothes . as it land in a heap , it splatter blood on Isaac . angle a shadow , visible even in the dark because it be blacker than the night , fall over Isaac . he be look straight up at something immense . he beg and plead with it like a child . 109 . isaac I ... I do as you command ... I be good ... I swear it ... his eye widen further , if that be possible , as the shadow descend upon he . isaac nooo000c0000 ! CUT to : ext . near the barn - same time even more wind now , almost a gale . there be a single , giant , death cloud over gatlin . burt use the oppor-tunity to attack . malachai and the other be so preoccupy with what 's go on out in the cornfield that they have allow themselves to be catch off guard . angle vicky see burt charge . she jerk she body around so that malachai 's back be turn into burt . burt slug he with the pipe and butt he with he good shoulder . malachai sprawl to the ground . burt ( to vicky ) run ! angle - the fife fixture job and Sarah have be trail burt . they run from the back of the same house he do to the same sprinkler fixture . they watch excitedly as he take on malachai . angle vicky have run to the barn . burt be try to catch up to she , but the circle of boy have close around he . he lash out with the pipe , scatter some of they in front , but suddenly he knee go out from under he as malachai tackle he from behind . they roll in the dirt , malachai press down with he knife while burt try to resist he with he leave , hand . the boy do not intercede , sense this be malachai 's fight . they be also a bit intimidate by burt . he 's the first " man " many of they have have to deal with in some time . angle burt buck malachai with he leg , give himself - ; just enough time and room to swat he across the face with the pipe . 110 . malachai go over on he back and burt be instantly on top of he . he whacks the knife out of the boy 's hand , then grab he by the throat with he right hand ( the bad shoulder side ) and raise the pipe over he head . he be completely in control of he daze adversary . malachai 's life be in he hand . angle burt hesitates . he look around at the circle of boy . they do not know what to do . burt 's eye be white hot with accusation . burt be this what you want ? another kill ? be this what you Isaac preach ? and almost as if in response , they hear Isaac 's scream . it be so inhuman that it distract everyone , include burt . the scream be follow by another noise , perhaps even more frightening and certainly less human . it 's like the growl of a lion , only much deeper and more potent , like water drain into a thousand foot well . it be a sound that be at once recognizable and yet unlike any we have ever hear . it should chill we to the bone . angle several of the boy run away , so frighten be they by this " declaration " from the cornfield . burt rise to he foot , stare out at the darkness in awe and wonder . he forget about malachai , which be a mistake , and begin instinctively to move towards the barn for vicky . angle malachai scramble to he knee . he look at the remain boy . malachal get he ! kill he ! nobody make a move . malachai be stunne that they would disobey he , but he be too fill with hate to worry about that now . he see he knife on the ground and pick it up . rising , he prepare to throw it into burt 's back . but just as he do ... angle a voice call out to he . it do not sound human . 111 . isaac malachai ! burt hear it too , and turn around to see malachai , the remain Children , and the figure who have step out of the corn and be walk towards they . angle - isaac it be not Isaac , but once it be . this be a demon Isaac , a hideous perversion of what use to be a little boy who be possess by a fanatical religion . much of he skin have be eat away - gnaw to the bone by some beast of nightmare . his eye be huge globe stare at something not of this world , as he be not any longer . his hair , the wisp of it that be leave , seem more like corn leave and corn silk , and indeed there be a greenish tinge to what little skin he have leave . his clothes be plaster with corn plant and smear with kernel . his hand , reach outstretch for malachai , be bone . isaac he want you too , malachai ! he want you too ! angle the half dozen Children leave run past burt into the barn . a couple remain behind he and watch from the safety of he presence . angle - malachai he start back up . alone . the look on he face be not demonstrable terror , or horror , or fright . it be way beyond that , so far that there be little emotion leave with which to express what it be . he 's tremble and sweat profusely . his hand and foot be like lead . he try to flee from the oncoming demon but he can not seem to move . angle Isaac catch up to malachai , hiss and growl like a animal as he leap upon he . malachai bury he knife up to the hilt in Isaac 's chest , but it do not even faze the smaller " boy . " Isaac be already long since dead . he drag malachai back into the corn with irresistible strength . malachai 's scream echo through the town . angle burt turn to the barn and see that vicky have witness this spectacle . 112. the Children who run into the barn be huddle around she she meet burt halfway to the barn and they embrace passionately . burt thank God you be alright . job and Sarah come run over to they . they be terribly upset by what they have just see and they cling to burt and vicky . but just when you think it be safe to go back in the corn ... the howl of the beast rise out of the field ! angle burt , vicky and the child be physically jarre by the power of the roar . the monstrous sound continue as light and lightning shatter the darkness , accompany by a raging wind that toss debris in every direction . it 's as if the monster be go to destroy the entire town . angle we " family " hurry to the relative safety of the barn . int . barn burt , vicky , job and Sarah join the other six Children who be huddle in here , frighten out of they wit . vicky what do we do ? burt I do not know . if I know what it be out there maybe I could tell you . job it 's he who walk behind the row . vicky what if we run for it . try to make it to the road . burt look at the child , and vicky 's wound . burt I think we be safer here , at least for the time be . they listen as the horrendous noise continue outside . thing be slamm up against the barn wall . 113 . without warning , one of the plank explode . the wind howl in , muffle they scream of terror . angle burt go to job . something have to be do . burt job , have anybody ever try to hurt the monster ? any of the parent or adult , before they be . job remember what happen to they . to he parent . job ( quietly ) the Blue man. burt who 's the Blue man ? what do he do ? job Officer hotchkiss . the Chief of Police . he come down here after he talk to the minister . he be read a page tear out of the bible . and then he be do something with the still . burt what stop he ? job malachai . burt why be he read from the bible ? what be it ? job reach into he pocket . he pull out a compass , a pen knife , a rabbit' foot key chain , two baseball card , and a wallet . he pore through a number of paper he have in the wallet . outside , the sound of armageddon . the barn rock and sway to the side . burt hurry up , job ! job finally find what he 's look for . he hand burt the page from three year ago . 114 . angle - the page - burth Pov it 's from revelation , chapter 20 . verse 10 be circle in red . 20:10 and the devil that deceive they be cast into the lake of fire and brimstone , where the beast and the false prophet be , and shall be torment day and night for ever and ever . burt remember something . quick flashback to : int . church just after the black -robe girl stab burt and he fall into the pile of bible , he notice a page have be tear from each of they . present time : int . barn angle burt fight he frustration . he look at vicky , who have read the page over he shoulder . burt I do not know what it mean ! another plank explode . and another . they duck out of the way of the splintering board . burt ( shouting , to job ) what be the Blue man do at the still ? job he hook the hose up to it and be roll it out . burt ponder . burt Lake of fire ... Fire ! he must have be try to burn the field . 115 . vicky but how ? burt with the ... never mind . burt spring into action . he become the field General of this motley fight force . burt you kid I get I all the hose you can find . job , Sarah , find a glass bottle , a soda pop bottle if you can . vicky , come here . burt lead vicky over to the gasohol drum . he take the hose from one of the kid . it will not connect to the spigot burt ( to kid ) give I you knife . the innocent look boy hand burt a mean look knife . burt hand it to vicky and hold up the hose . burt cut it . she do so . burt jam the end onto the spigot . burt ( to vicky ) you be go to have to hold this tight when I go out there . vicky where ??? what ??? be you crazy ??? burt ignore she . he bark a order at the kid . burt connect that hose . hurry ! job arrive with a empty , ancient bottle of pep. . burt take the hose off the spigot long enough to fill the bottle with gasohol . he rip part of job 's shirt and stuff the rag into the bottle . job protest . job hey ! 116 . burt smile and touch the boy 's cheek as he shake the bottle thoroughly , wetting the rag with the gasohol . he turn to vicky and give she a hard , sudden kiss . burt I love you . remember to keep that hose on tight . he jam it up against the spigot and open the valve . vicky do not know what to say , so she say nothing . angle burt light the rag with he cigarette lighter , pick up the hose , from which gasohol be beginning to pour out , and exit the barn . ext . gatlin - night a scene worthy of the sound we have just hear from inside the barn . there 's a gale force wind blow out of the cornfield . Wood , glass , corn - all kind of debris - be be toss about . the sky be dark but darker over the cornfield , except for the middle which be glow and sparking . the house and building of gatlin be come apart , both from the wind and the noise , that incredible and chill roar , emanate from the cornfield . angle burt run with the hose and the molotov cocktail towards the sprinkler pump fixture . a even more savage roar go up from the monster . thing begin to come out of the field , shot as if from cannon , right at burt angle at first the corn plant seem like debris . they whip around burt 's leg , trip he , and around he arm . while he 's struggle , more be pile on top of he . he 's become entangle in a net . panic stricken , burt struggle to free himself . he 's tear at the stalk when he see ... angle - the blue man and he cross the crucifix and its dead occupant be about to smash burt into the ground . he roll out of the way just in time , barely avoid the ten foot wooden icon . but he be still entangle in the corn stalk . job suddenly appear with a knife . he start hack away at the stalk . they bleed and the monster howl in protest . 117 . angle burt be free . he pick up the hose and cocktail . burt get back to the barn ! he run forward . job stay right where he be , not want to abandon burt . angle burt be almost at the pump when the body of isaac and malachi - what 's leave of they - be now flung upon he . half skeleton , half decaye flesh , they entangle he ina lifeless grappler hold . burt struggle to rid himself of they and find it be not that easy . angle - job he stand freeze , watch in horror . angle - the cornfield and now the monster itself rear its head and bellow its intent . it be immense , formless , a vision of death . angle burt be work feverishly . he open the metal cover on the pump and try to unscrew its connect valve . the thing will not budge . the hose be spilling gallon of gasohol by the second and be in danger of run out . he grab another piece of loose tub and use it as a lever . the valve finally open . job arrive . ext . cornfield - night the monster move slowly , steadly , inexorably towards burt and job . angle burt jam the hose into the valve . he throw the switch and ... angle - cornfield - near the sprinklers ... nothing happen . the monster approach . burt and job will never make it back to the barn . the Beast be too close . but then , the sprinkler begin to move , kick to life by the sudden increase in pressure . they begin to spew gasohol over the sacred corn . 118. angle the Beast be enraged . it loose a deafen roar of protest and pain . it lift the giant sprinkler into the air like they be toy and thrashes they , but as it do so it only get more of the fluid on the corn , and also on itself . angle - burt & job burt pick up the molotov cocktail and heave it . within the motion , though , he be jolted by the forget pain in he wounded shoulder . angle the molotov cocktail fall far short of its target . in fact , it do not even break . angle burt , clutching he wound , stare in shock . burt oh no .... job , realize what have happen , begin to run straight into the corn . burt job ! no ! come back !!! angle job be intent . his little body dart into the row . angle the monster start towards the boy . angle burt start towards the field , scream to job in vain . burt job ! run ! it's coming after you !!! angle - between the rows - job job fly past the stalk . he spot the still - burn cocktail . 119 . angle - burt he scour the field with he eye . despair rack he body . as the Beast come within 50 yard , its immense shadow fall over he . burt step back , he eye draw upwards . he be about to die and he know it . angle job emerge from the cornfield . he hand the flame molotov cocktail to burt , who be so happy to see he that he forget himself for a moment . he look at the boy , and then incredulously at the bomb . angle - job he wait expectantly for burt to throw it again . angle burt heave the cocktail as hard and as high as he can . it take a second for it to land and then .. barooom ! the cornfield explode in flame become a veritable lake of FIRE . the sky turn a fiery orange - red . the beast howl even louder , register its pain and rage . angle vicky and the rest of the child venture a look , so great be the noise and the heat . vicky ( see the flame ) oh my God ! buuuurrrrrt ! she go run to he , all of the Children follow . angle burt and job have be run towards the barn . they join the other and all continue they retreat to a safer place . angle they stop near the edge of town and look back on the destruction . 120 . the cornfield - there Pov the Devil be in he Hell . as the flame consume the field , a much brighter and more intense FIRE accompany " by torture scream , break off from the general one . the Beast be outline and define by this fire within the fire . it burn brighter and brighter , brilliantly for a moment , and then implode in on itself , turn into a vortex that disappear down into the earth . angle burt , vicky , job and Sarah , and all of the other , watch , the glow from the continue flame casting a heal light on they face . vicky be lean against burt . in she hand , she be still clutching the page from revelation . -end -