chinatown written by Robert towne full screen photograph grainy but unmistakably a man and woman make love . photograph shake . SOUND of a man moaning in anguish . the photograph be drop , revealing another , more compromise one . then another , and another . more moan . curly voice ( cry out ) oh , no . int . gittes ' office curly drop the photo on gittes ' desk . curly tower over gittes and sweat heavily through he workman 's clothes , he breathe progressively more labor . a drop plunk on gittes ' shiny desk top . gittes note it . a fan whiff overhead . gittes glance up at it . he look cool and brisk in a white linen suit despite the heat . never take he eye off curly , he light a cigarette use a lighter with a " nail " on he desk . curly , with another anguish sob , turn and ram he fist into the wall , kick the wastebasket as he do . he start to sob again , slide along the wall where he fist have leave a noticeable dent and its impact have send the sign photo of several movie star askew . curly slide on into the blind and sink to he knee . he be weep heavily now , and be in such pain that he actually bite into the blind . gittes do not move from he chair . gittes all right , enough be enough . you can not eat the venetian blind , curly . I just have them install on Wednesday . curly respond slowly , rise to he foot , cry . gittes reach into he desk and pull out a shot glass , quickly select a cheaper bottle of bourbon from several fifth of more expensive whiskey . gittes pour a large shot . he shove the glass across he desk toward curly . gittes down the hatch . curly stare dumbly at it . then pick it up , and drain it . he sink back into the chair opposite gittes , begin to cry quietly . curly ( drink , relax a little ) she 's just no good . gittes what can I tell you , kid ? you be right . when you be right , you be right , and you be right . curly ai not worth think about . gittes leave the bottle with curly . gittes you be absolutely right , I would not give she another think . curly ( pour himself ) you know , you be okay , Mr. gittes . I know it 's you job , but you be okay . gittes ( settling back , breathe a little easier ) thanks , curly . call I Jake . curly thanks . you know something , Jake ? gittes what 's that , curly ? curly I think I will kill she . int . duffy &amp ; walsh' office noticeably less plush than gitte 's . a well - groom , dark - haire woman sit nervously between they two desk , fiddling with the veil on she pillbox hat . woman I be hope Mr. gittes could see to this personally . walsh ( almost the manner of someone comforting the bereaved ) if you will allow we to complete we preliminary question , by then he will be free . there be the SOUND of another moan come from gittes ' Office . something make of glass shatter . the woman grow more edgy . int . gittes ' office '' gittes &amp ; curly gittes and curly stand in front of the desk , gittes stare contemptuously at the heavy breathe hulk tower over he . gittes take a handkerchief and wipe away the plunk of perspiration on he desk . curly ( cry ) they do not kill a guy for that . gittes oh they do not ? curly not for you wife . that 's the unwritten law . gittes pound the photo on the desk , shouting ; gittes I will tell you the unwritten law , you dumb son of a bitch , you gotta be rich to kill somebody , anybody and get away with it . you think you get that kind of dough , you think you get that kind of class ? curly shrink back a little . curly ... no ... gittes you bet you ass you do not . you can not even pay I off . this seem to upset curly even more . curly I will pay the rest next trip . we only catch sixty ton of skipjack around San benedict . we hit a chubasco , they do not pay you for skipjack the way they do for tuna or albacore . gittes ( ease he out of he office ) forget it . I only mention it to illustrate a point ... int . office reception he 's now walk he past sophie who pointedly avert she gaze . he open the door where on the pebble glass can be read : " J. J. gittes and associate . discreet investigation " gittes I do not want you last dime . he throw a arm around curly and flash a dazzle smile . gittes ( continue ) what kind of guy do you think I be ? curly thanks , Mr. gittes . gittes call I Jake . careful drive home , curly . he shut the door on he and the smile disappear . he shake he head , start to swear under he breath . sophie a Mrs. mulwray be wait for you , with Mr. walsh and Mr. duffy . gittes nod , walk on in . int . duffy and walsh' office walsh rise when gittes enter . walsh Mrs. mulwray , may I present Mr. gittes ? gittes walk over to she and again flash a warm , sympathetic smile . gittes how do you do , Mrs. mulwray ? mrs . mulwray Mr. gittes ... gittes now , Mrs. mulwray , what seem to be the problem ? she hold she breath . the revelation be not easy for she . mrs . mulwray my husband , I believe , be see another woman . gittes look mildly shocked . he turn for confirmation to he two partner . gittes ( gravely ) no , really ? mrs . mulwray I be afraid so . gittes I be sorry . gittes pull up a chair sit next to Mrs. mulwray between duffy and walsh . duffy crack he gum . gittes give he a irritate glance . duffy stop chew . mrs . mulwray can not we talk about this alone , Mr. gittes ? gittes I be afraid not , Mrs. mulwray . this man be my operative and at some point they be go to assist I . I can not do everything myself . mrs . mulwray of course not . gittes now , what make you certain he be involved with someone ? Mrs. mulwray hesitates . she seem uncommonly nervous at the question . mrs . mulwray a wife can tell . gittes sigh . gittes Mrs. mulwray , do you love you husband ? mrs . mulwray ( shocked ) ... yes of course . gittes ( deliberately ) then go home and forget about it . mrs . mulwray but ... gittes ( stare intently at she ) I be sure he love you , too . you know the expression , let sleep dog lie ? you be better off not know . mrs . mulwray ( with some real anxiety ) but I have to know . her intensity be genuine . gittes look to he two partner . gittes all right , what 's you husband 's first name ? mrs . mulwray hollis . hollis mulwray . gittes ( visibly surprised ) Water and power ? Mrs. mulwray nod , almost shyly . gittes be now casually but carefully check out the detail of Mrs. mulwray 's dress '' she handbag , shoe , etc . mrs . mulwray he 's the Chief engineer . duffy ( a little eagerly ) Chief engineer ? gittes ' glance tell duffy gittes want to do the question . Mrs. mulwray nod . gittes ( confidentially ) this type of investigation can be hard on you pocketbook , Mrs. mulwray . it take time . mrs . mulwray money do not matter to I , Mr. gittes . gittes sigh . gittes very well . we will see what we can do . ext . CITY hall '' morning already shimmer with heat . a drunk blow he nose with he finger into the fountain at the foot of the step . gittes , impeccably dress , pass the drunk on the way up the stair . int . council chamber former Mayor SAM bagby be speak . behind he be a huge map , with overleaf and bold lettering : " proposed alto vallejo dam and reservoir " some of the councilman be read funny papers and gossip column while bagby be speak . bagby gentlemen , today you can walk out that door , turn right , hop on a streetcar and in twenty - five minute end up smack in the Pacific Ocean . now you can swim in it , you can fish in it , you can sail in it but you can not drink it , you can not water you lawn with it , you can not irrigate a orange grove with it . remember we live next door to the ocean but we also live on the edge of the desert . Los Angeles be a desert community . beneath this building , beneath every street there 's a desert . without water the dust will rise up and cover we as though we would never exist ! ( pause , let the implication sink in ) close '' gittes sit next to some grubby farmer , bored . he yawn , edge away from one of the dirtier farmer . bagby ( o.s. ) ( continue ) the Alto vallejo can save we from that , and I respectfully suggest that eight and a half million dollar be a fair price to pay to keep the desert from we street and not on top of they . audience '' council chamber a amalgam of farmer , businessman , and city employee have be listen with keen interest . a couple of the farmer applaud . somebody shoosh they . council committee in a whisper conference . councilman ( acknowledge bagby ) Mayor bagby ... let 's hear from the department again . I suppose we better take Water and power first . Mr. mulwray . reaction '' gittes look up with interest from he racing form . mulwray walk to the huge map with overleaf . he be a slender man in he sixty , who wear glass and move with surprising fluidity . he turn to a smaller , young man , and nod . the man turn the overleaf on the map . mulwray in case you have forget , gentleman , over five hundred life be lose when the Van der lip dam give way core sample have show that beneath this bedrock be shale similar to the permeable shale in the Van der lip disaster . it could not withstand that kind of pressure there . ( refer to a new overleaf ) now you propose yet another dirt bank terminus dam with slope of two and one half to one , one hundred twelve foot high and a twelve thousand acre water surface . well , it will not hold . I will not build it . it 's that simple . I be not make that kind of mistake twice . thank you , gentleman . mulwray leave the overleaf board and sit down . suddenly there be some whoops and holler from the rear of the chamber and a redface farmer drive in several scrawny , bleat sheep . naturally , they cause a commotion . council president ( shouting to farmer ) what in the hell do you think you be do ? ( as the sheep bleat down the aisle toward the Council ) get that goddam thing out of here ! farmer ( right back ) tell I where to take they ! you do not have a answer for that so quick , do you ? bailiff and sergeant - at -arm respond to the imprecation of the Council and attempt to capture the sheep and the farmer , have to restrain one who look like he 's go to bodily attack mulwray . farmer ( through above , to mulwray ) you steal the water from the valley , ruin the graze , starve my livestock who 's pay you to do that , Mr. mulwray , that 's what I want to know ! L.A. riverbed '' long shot it 's virtually empty . Sun blaze off it 's ugly concrete bank . where the bank be earthen , they be parched and choke with weed . after a moment , mulwray 's car pull into view on a flood control road about fifteen foot above the riverbed . mulwray get out of the car . I look around . with gittes holding a pair of binocular , downstream and just above the flood control road use some dry mustard weed for cover . he watch while mulwray make he way down to the center of the riverbed . there mulwray stop , tun slowly , appear to be look at the bottom of the riverbed , or at nothing at all . gittes train the binocular on he . Sun glint off mulwray 's glass . below gittes there 's the SOUND of something like champagne cork pop . then a small mexican boy atop a swayback horse ride it into the riverbed , and into gitte 's view . mulwray himself stop , stand still when he hear the sound . power line and the sun be overhead , the trickle of brackish water at he foot . he move swiftly downstream in the direction of the sound , toward gittes . gittes move a little further back as mulwray round the bend in the river and come face to face with the mexican boy on the muddy bank . mulwray say something to the boy . the boy do not answer at first . mulwray point to the ground . the boy gesture . mulwray frown . he kneel down in the mud and stare at it . he seem to be concentrate on it . after a moment , he rise , thanks the boy and head swiftly back upstream '' scramble up the bank to he car . there he reach through the window and pull out a roll of blueprint or something like they . he spread they on the hood of he car and begin to scribble some note , look downstream from time to time . the power line overhead hum . he stop , listen to they then roll up the plan and get back in the car . he drive off . gittes hurries to get back to he car . he get in and get right back out . the steamy leather burn he . he take a towel from the back seat and carefully place it on the front one . he get in and take off . point fermin park '' dusk Street light go on . mulwray pull up , park . hurries out of the car , across the park lawn and into the shade of some tree and building . gittes pull up , move across the park at a different angle , but in the direction mulwray have go . he make it through the tree in time to see mulwray scramble adroitly down the side of the cliff to the beach below . be seem in a hurry . gittes move after he , have a little more difficulty negotiate the climb than mulwray do . down on the beach gittes look to he right where the bay be a long , clear crescent . he look to he leave . there 's a promontory of sort . it 's apparent mulwray have go that way . gittes hesitates , then move in that direction but climb along the promontory in order to be above mulwray . at the outfall gittes spot mulwray just below he , kick at the sand . mulwray pick up a starfish . brushes the sand off it . look absently up toward gittes . gittes back away , sit near the outfall , yawn . beacon light at point fermin flash in the dust . close '' gittes sitting , suddenly start . he swear softly . he 's in a puddle of water and the seat of he trousers be wet . mulwray below he in watch the water trickle down from the outfall near gittes . mulwray stand and stare at the water , apparently fascinate . even as gittes watch mulwray watch , the volume and velocity seem to increase until it gush in spurt , cascade into the sea , whipping it into a foam . at the STREET '' gittes ' car there 's a slip of paper stick under the windshield wiper . gittes pull it off , get in the car and turn on the dash light . it say : " save our CITY ! los angele be dying of thirst ! protect you property ! los angele be you investment in the future !!! vote yes november 6 ... citizen committee to save our CITY , hon . SAM bagby , former mayor '' chairman . " gittes grumble , crumple it up and toss it out the window . he notice other flyer park on a couple of car down the street . gittes reach down and open he glove compartment . int . glove compartment consist of a small mountain of ingersoll pocket watch . the cheap price tag be still on they . gittes pull out one . he absently wind it , check the time with he own watch . it 's 9:37 as he walk to mulwray 's car and place it behind the front wheel of mulwray 's car . he yawn again and head back to he own car . gittes arrive whistling , open the door with " j.j. gittes and associate '' discreet investigation " on it . gittes Morning , Sophie . Sophie hand he a small pile of message . he go through they . gittes walsh here ? sophie he 's in the dark room . gittes walk through he office to duffy and walsh 's . a little red light be on in the corner , over a close door . gittes walk over and knock on the door . gittes where would he go yesterday ? walsh' voice Three reservoir . Men 's room of a richfield gas station on flower , and the pig and whistle . gittes Jesus Christ , this guy 's really get water on the brain . walsh' voice what would you expect ? that 's he job . gittes listen , we can not string this broad out indefinitely we get to come up with something . walsh' voice I think I get something . gittes oh yeah ? you pick up the watch ? int . duffy &amp ; walsh' office '' gittes walsh' voice it 's on you desk . say , you hear the one about the guy who go to the North pole with Admiral byrd look for penguin ? gittes walk to he office . on he desk be the ingersoll watch , the crystal break , the hand stop at 2:47 . gittes he be there all night . gittes drop it , sit down . walsh come in carry a series of wet photo stick with clothes pin onto a small blackboard . gittes ( continue ; eagerly ) so what you get ? walsh show he the photo . he look at they . they be a series outside a restaurant show mulwray with another man whose appearance be strike . in two of the photo a gnarled cane be visible . gittes ( continue ; obviously annoyed ) this ? walsh they get into a terrific argument outside the pig and whistle . gittes what about ? walsh I do not know . the traffic be pretty loud . I only hear one thing '' apple core . gittes Apple core ? walsh ( shrug ) yeah . int . gittes ' office gittes toss down the photo in disgust . gittes Jesus Christ , walsh . that 's what you spend you day do ? walsh look , you tell I to take picture , I take picture . gittes let I explain something to you , walsh . this business require a certain finesse . the phone have be ringing . Sophie buzze he . gittes yeah , Sophie ? ( he pick up the phone ) duffy , where be you ? duffy 's voice can be heard , excitedly . " I get it . I get it . he 's find himself some cute little twist in a rowboat , in echo Park . " gittes ( continue ) okay , slow down '' echo Park . ( to walsh ) Jesus , water again . westlake park ( mcarthur park ) duffy be row , gittes seat in the stern . they pass mulwray and a slender blonde girl in a summer print dress , drift in they rowboat , mulwray fondly dote on the girl . gittes ( to duffy , as they pass ) let 's have a big smile , pal . he shoot past duffy , expertly run off a couple of fast shot . mulwray and the girl seem blissfully unaware of they . duffy turn again and they row past mulwray and the girl , gittes again click off several fast shot . close shot '' sign : " EL macando apartment " move along the red tile roof and down to a lower level of the roof where gittes ' foot be hook over the apex of the roof and gittes himself be stretch face downward on the tile , point himself and he camera to a veranda below he where the girl and mulwray be eat . gittes be click off more shot when the tile he foot be hook over come loose . gittes begin a slow slide down the tile to the edge of the roof and possibly over it to a three - story drop . he try to slow himself down . the loose tile also begin to slide . gittes stop himself at the roof 's edge by the storm drain and begin a very precarious turn , this time hook he foot in the drain itself . the loose tile fall and hit the veranda below . he stop as it 's about to slide over the edge . he carefully lay it in the drain . but a fragment off the crack edge of the tile fall . with mulwray and the girl mulwray stare at the fragment at he foot . he look to the girl . he 's clearly concerned . he rise , look up to the roof . from he Pov the roof and the sign topping it betray nothing . he slowly sit back down , stare at the tile fragment . close shot '' newspaper " department of water and power blows fuse over chief' use of fund for EL macando love nest . " in the style of the hearst yellow press , there be a heart - shape draw around one of the photo that gittes have take . next to it be a smaller column , " j.j. gittes hire by suspicious spouse . " int . barbershop '' gittes hold the paper and read while get he haircut and he shoe shine . in fact , almost all the customer be read papers . barney ( to gittes ) when you get so much publicity , after a while you must get blasé about it . a self - satisfied smile come to gittes ' face . barney ( continue ) face it . you be practically a movie star . in b.g. , customer can be overheard talk about the drought . intersperse with above , someone be say , " they be gonna start ration water unless it rain . " someone else say , " only for wash you car . " third say , " you be not go to be able to water you lawn either , or take a bath more than once a week . " first say , " if you do not have a lawn or a car , do you get a extra bath ? " gittes have be stare outside the barbershop . a car be stall . the hood be up . a man watch he radiator boil over . gittes ( laugh ) look at that . barney heat 's murder . other customer ( end of conversation ) fool name and fool face ... gittes have hear the word . he straighten up . gittes ( smile ; to other customer ) what 's that , pal ? other customer ( indicate paper ) nothing . you get a hell of a way to make a live . gittes oh ? what do you do to make end meet ? other customer mortgage Department , first National Bank . gittes laugh . gittes tell I , how many people a week do you foreclose on ? other customer we do not publish a record in the paper , I can tell you that . gittes neither do I . other customer no , you have a press agent do it . gittes get out of the chair . barney , a little concerned , try to restrain he , hold onto the barber sheet around gittes ' neck . gittes barney , who be this bimbo ? he a regular customer ? barney take it easy , Jake . gittes look , pal . I make a honest live . people do not come to I unless they be miserable and I help them out of a bad situation . I do not kick they out of they home like you jerk who work in the bank . barney Jake , for Christ 's sake . gittes be try to take off he sheet . gittes c'mon , get out of the barber chair . we will go outside and talk this over . the customer be shrink back into the chair . barney hey , c'mon , Jake . sit down . sit down . you hear about the fella go to he friend and say , ' what will I do , I be tired of screwing my wife ? ' and he friend say , ' why not you do what the chinese do ? ' gittes allow himself to be tug back to he chair . gittes I do not know how that get in the paper as a matter of fact '' it surprised I it be so quick . I make a honest live . barney ' course you do , Jake . gittes a honest live . barney ( continue ) so anyway , he say , ' why not you do what the chinese do ? ' int . gittes ' office gittes come burst in , slapping a newspaper on he thigh . gittes duffy , walsh . walsh come out of he office , duffy out of the other one . gittes ( continue ) Sophie , go to the little girl 's room for a minute . sophie but , Mr. gittes . gittes ( insist ) Sophie . sophie yes , Mr. gittes . she get up and leave . gittes so there 's this fella who 's tired of screwing he wife . duffy Jake , listen . gittes shut up , duffy , you be always in a hurry and he friend say why not do what the chinese do ? so he say what do they do ? his friend say the chinese they screw for a while . just listen a second , duffy ... a stun young woman appear behind gittes in he doorway . she 's shortly join by a small , gray -haired man . they listen , unseen by gittes . gittes ( continue ) ... and then they stop and they read a little confucius and they screw some more and they stop and they smoke some opium and then they go back and screw some more and they stop again and they contemplate the moon or something and it make it more exciting . so this other guy go home to screw he wife and after a while he stop and get up and go into the other room only he read life Magazine and he go back and he screw some more and suddenly say excuse I a second and he get up and smoke a cigarette and he go back and by this time he wife be get sore as hell . so he screw some more and then he get up to look at the moon and he wife say , ' what the hell do you think you be do ? ( gittes break up ) ... you be screwing like a chinaman . ' gittes hang onto Sophie 's desk laugh he ass off . the little Gray -haire man wince . when gittes look up he see the Young woman , apparently in she late twenty . she 's so stun that gittes nearly gasp . young woman Mr. gittes ? gittes yes ? young woman do you know I ? gittes well ... I think I ... I would have remember . young woman have we ever meet ? gittes well , no . young woman never ? gittes never . young woman that 's what I think . you see , I be Mrs. Evelyn mulwray . you know , Mr. mulwray 's wife . gittes be staggered . he glance down at the newspaper . gittes not that mulwray ? evelyn yes , that mulwray , Mr. gittes . and since you agree with I we have never meet , you must also agree that I have not hire you to do anything . certainly not spy on my husband . I see you like publicity , Mr. gittes . well , you be go to get it . gittes now wait a minute , Mrs. mulwray ... she 's walk past he toward the door . he stop she . gittes ( continue ) ... there 's some misunderstanding here . it 's not go to do any good to get tough with I . Evelyn flash a cold smile . evelyn I do not get tough with anybody , Mr. gittes . my lawyer do . Evelyn start out the door and gittes start after she . this time he 's stop by the gray-haire man who have also come out of he office and up behind he . gray -haired man here 's something for you , Mr. gittes . gittes turn to be hand a thick sheaf of papers , a summon and complaint . Evelyn walk out the door . gray -haired man ( continue ; pleasantly ) I suppose we will be hearing from you attorney . gittes stare down at the papers in he hand . int . gittes ' inner office '' gittes , duffy &amp ; walsh on gittes ' desk . there be empty coffee cup , the summon and complaint , and the newspaper gittes have bring with he from the barber shop . the three man be sit , wear and silent . walsh chew gum be the loudest noise in the room . gittes look to walsh with obvious irritation . walsh stop chew . duffy put out a cigarette in the dregs of one of the coffee cup . gittes ( to duffy ) there 's seven ashtray in this room , duffy . duffy okay . gittes that 's a filthy habit . duffy I say okay , Jake . gittes yeah , yeah . if she would come in here say she be shirley Temple you would say okay to that , too . walsh look , Jake . she give we mulwray 's real phone number and address . gittes all she need for that be the phone book ! walsh no , no . she say not to call , she husband might answer . gittes when I find out who that phony bitch be . gittes be stare down at the newspaper . he suddenly grab the phone , begin dial . a tight little smile break out on he face . he buzze Sophie . gittes Sophie . sophie yes , Mr. gittes . gittes get I the Times . whitey mehrholtz . ( as he wait ) and how about that snotty broad ? ( the phone to he ear ) what do she think , she 's perfect ? come in wave she lawyer and she money at I '' so goddam smug . she 's no better than anybody else in this town . Sophie buzy . gittes ( continue ) whitey , what 's new , pal ?... yeah , listen , where do you get that photograph ... yeah , blow a fuse over the El macando love nest . that 's cute , whitey ... so who send they to you ... I send they ? ( gittes laugh a little hysterically ) why would I be ask how you get they if I send they ?... whitey ?... whitey ?... c'mon , level with I for once , my tit 's in the wringer and it 's beginning to hurt ... yeah ... yeah ... yeah . he hang up . walsh so he say you send they ? gittes ( after a moment ) they be all a bunch of phony . int . department water &amp ; power '' hall gittes stop outside a door mark : " hollis J. mulwray chief engineer " he enter a outer office . the secretary look surprised . gittes Mr. mulwray , please . secretary he 's not in , mr.? gittes gittes . secretary May I ask what this be regard ? gittes it 's personal . have he be out long ? secretary since lunch . gittes gee whiz . ( he glance at he watch ) and I be late . secretary he be expect you ? gittes Fifteen minute ago . why do not I go in and wait ? without wait for a response , he do . the Secretary half rise in protest but gittes be through the inner door . mulwray' inner office the wall be cover with commendation , photo of mulwray at various construction site , large map of watersh area and reservoir in the city . on the desk be a frame , tinted photo of Evelyn in riding clothes . gittes move to the desk , watch the translucent pane in the upper half of the door lead to the outer office as he do . he begin to open and close the desk drawer after quickly examine the top . he try one of the drawer and it do not open . he reopen the top drawer , and the bottom one open . he look in it , pull out a checkbook . he open it , riffle through the stub like he be shuffle card . drop it , find a set of key , a old phone book , and a menu from a Water Department lunch at the biltmore Hotel in 1913 . then , he flip through they , read one notation in mulwray 's neat hand : " Tues. night . oak pass res. 7 channel use . " gittes spot a shadow loom in front of the translucent pane . he quickly toss item after item back , knee the drawer , nearly knock a spare pair of mulwray 's glass off the desk top when he do . he catch they , put they on the desk and be pace the room as the door open . russ yelburton enter the room . a anxious Secretary be right behind he . yelburton can I help you ? ( extend he hand ) Russ yelburton , deputy Chief in the Department . gittes ( equally pleasant ) j.j. gittes . and it 's not a departmental matter . yelburton I wonder if you would care to wait in my office ? this be more a request than a invitation . gittes nod , follow yelburton out , through the outer office to he office down the hall . yelburton ( continue ; as they be go ) you see , this whole business in the paper with Mr. mulwray have we all on edge . int . yelburton office smaller than mulwray 's , he have most noticeably a lacquer marlin mount on the wall . there be a couple of other picture of yelburton with yellowtail and other fish he 's stand beside . there 's also a small burgee of a fish with the initial a.c. below it , tack onto the wall . yelburton after all , you work with a man for a certain length of time , you come to know he , he habit , he value , and so forth . well either he 's the kind who chase after woman or he be not . gittes and mulwray be not ? yelburton he never even kid about it . gittes maybe he take it very seriously . gittes wink . yelburton chuckle appreciatively , loosen up a little . gittes you do not happen to know where Mr. mulwray 's have lunch ? yelburton I be sorry , I -- gittes well , tell he I will be back . gittes spot a card tray on yelburton 's desk . gittes ( continue ) mind if I take one of you card ? in case I want to get in touch with you again . yelburton help yourself . gittes fish a couple off the tray , put they in he handkerchief pocket . he go out the door , nearly run into a man who be stand by the Secretary 's desk , about gittes ' age only a head taller and a foot wider , dress in a plain suit that fit he about as well as a brown paper bag . gittes mulvihlll , what be you do here ? outer office '' yelburton , mulvihill and gittes mulvihill stare at gittes with unblink eye , remain by the desk . mulvihill they shut my water off , what 's it to you ? gittes how would you find out ? you do not drink it , you do not take a bath in it , maybe they send you a letter . ah , but then you would have to be able to read . mulvihill move toward gittes , shaking with fury . yelburton step between they . gittes ( continue ) relax , mulvihill , glad to see you . ( to yelburton ) do you know Claude mulvihill here ? yelburton hope so . he 's work for we . ext . mulwray house '' gittes ring the bell . he wait . a powerful chinese butler with heavy hair and a half - jacket of gold on one front tooth , answer the door . gittes j.j. gittes to see Mr. mulwray . he hand the chinese butler a card from he wallet . the butler take it and disappear , leave gittes stand in the doorway . gittes stand , and sweat , watch a japanese gardener trim a hedge . there 's a squeaking SOUND . gittes move a few foot off the porch . Pov '' garage a chauffeur be wash down a cream - color Packard with a chamois . steam rise off the hood . the squeaking have obviously come from the chamois . chinese butler in doorway . chinese butler please . gittes look behind he . the chinese butler be gesture for he to follow . through the house '' gittes follow he , try to check out the room as he go . a may be clean in the de . they pass through it out some french door along a trellise walkway to a large pond with run water . chinese butler you wait , please . gittes be leave stand by the pond . it 's suddenly very quiet except for the runnning water . the pond be over - flow . after a moment , the gardener come run back . he smile at gittes , probe into the pond . there 's something gleam in the bottom of it . gittes note it . after a moment , the gardener drop the long probe , the water recede . ext . pond '' gittes and japanese gardener '' day gardener ( to gittes ) bad for glass . gittes ( not understanding ) yeah sure . bad for glass . the gardener nod , and be off , leave gittes stare at the object in the bottom of the pond that be gleam . he look at the tool the gardener be use , hesitates , pick it up and start to probe into the pond himself , toward the gleam object . he then spot Evelyn round a turn , come down the trellise pathway . he casually belt the probe , hold onto it for poise . Evelyn be wear jeans that be lather white on the inside of the thigh and lace with brown horsehair . she 's wear riding boot , be perspire a little , but look young than she do in the office . evelyn yes , Mr. gittes ? gittes be a little take aback at see Evelyn . he be annoyed as well . nevertheless , he be elaborately polite . gittes actually , I be here to see you husband , Mrs. mulwray . he laugh . a little nervously . he wait for a reply . there be none . the chinese butler appear on the veranda . evelyn would you like something to drink ? gittes what be you have ? evelyn iced tea . gittes yeah . Fine , thank you . chinese butler nod , disappear ext . pond and garden '' mulwray house '' day Evelyn sit at a glass - top table . gittes join she . evelyn my husband 's at the office . gittes actually he 's not . and he 's move from he apartment at the El macando . evelyn ( sharply ) that 's not he apartment . gittes anyway ... I ... the point be , Mrs. mulwray . I be not in business to be love , but I be in business , and believe I , whoever set up you husband , set I up . L.A. 's a small town , people talk . he wait for a response . then : gittes ( continue ; uneasily ) I be just try to make a live , and I do not want to become a local joke . evelyn Mr. gittes , you have talk I into it . I will drop the lawsuit . gittes what ? evelyn I say I will drop it . the iced tea come on a tray which Ramon set down between they . evelyn ( continue ; pleasantly ) so let 's just drop the whole thing . sugar ? lemon ? gittes Mrs. mulwray ? evelyn ( as she 's mixing one of the drink ) yes , Mr. gittes ? gittes I do not want to drop it . Evelyn look up . gittes smile a little sheepishly . gittes I should talk this over with you husband . evelyn ( a little concerned ) why ?... what on earth for ? look , hollis seem to think you be a innocent man . gittes well , I have be accuse of many thing , Mrs. mulwray , but never that . again he laugh a little nervously . again no reaction . gittes ( continue ) you see , somebody go to a lot of trouble here , and I want to find out , lawsuit or no lawsuit . I be not the one who 's suppose to be catch with my pants down ... so I would like to see you husband . unless that 's a problem . evelyn ( with a slight edge ) what do you mean ? gittes May I speak frankly , Mrs. mulwray ? evelyn you may if you can , Mr. gittes . gittes ( determine to be polite ) well , that little girlfriend , she be attractive in a cheap sort of way of course . she 's disappear . maybe they disappear together somewhere . evelyn ( with rise anger ) suppose they do . how do it concern you ? gittes nothing personal , Mrs. mulwray , I just -- evelyn it 's very personal . it could not be more personal . be this a business or a obsession with you ? gittes look at it this way . now this phony broad , excuse the language , say she 's you , she 's hire I . whoever put she up to it , do not have anything against I . they be out to get you husband . now if I see he , I can help he . do you talk this morning ? Evelyn brushes lightly at the horsehair on she jeans . evelyn no . I go riding rather early . gittes look like you go quite a distance . evelyn no , just riding bareback , that 's all . anyway , you might try the oak pass or Stone Canyon reservoir . sometimes at lunch hollis take walk around they . otherwise he will be home by 6:30 . gittes I will stop by . evelyn please call first . gittes nod . ext . oak pass reservoir '' day gittes drive up a wind road , follow a flood channel up into the parched hill . two FIRE truck one a rescue truck , be at the entrance to the reservoir . the chain link fence with its keep out sign be open and there be people milling around . the reservoir be below . gittes ' car be stop by a couple of uniformed police . guard sorry , this be close to the public , sir . gittes hesitates only a moment , then : gittes ( to the Guard ) it 's all right . Russ yelburton , deputy Chief in the Department . he fish out one of yelburton 's card from he handkerchief pocket , hand it to the Guard . guard sorry , Mr. yelburton . go on down . gittes drive past the Guards , through the gate , along the reservoir . he spot a police car and a unmark one as well . gittes stop and get out of the car . several man with they back turn , one talk quietly , stare down into the reservoir where other man in small skiff be apparently dredge for something . one of the man turn and see gittes . he recognize gittes and be visibly shocked . loach gittes , for chrissake . gittes loach . loach ( move to gittes , take he by the arm ) C 'mon , get out of here before -- ext . reservoir '' day loach try to ease he down the path . gittes before what ? what the hell 's go on ? at the sound of he raise voice , a man stand at the edge of the channel , talk to two boy in swim trunk , turn around . he 's a tall , sleek mexican in he early thirty , luis escobar . both gittes and escobar register considerable surprise at see one another . the man around they be extremely uneasy . loach be actually sweat . finally , escobar smile . escobar hello , Jake . gittes ( without smile ) how be you , Lou ? escobar I have a cold I can not seem to shake but other than that , I be fine . gittes summer cold be the worst . escobar yeah , they be . gittes reach into he pocket , pull out he cigarette case . a fireman no smoking , sir . it 's a fire hazard this time of year . escobar I think we can make a exception . I will see he 's careful with the match . gittes ( lighting up ) thanks , Lou . escobar how would you get past the guard ? gittes well , to tell you the truth , I lie a little . escobar nod . they walk a couple of step . the other police , two plainclothesmen and a uniform officer , watch they . escobar you have do well by yourself . gittes I get by . escobar well , sometimes it take a while for a man to find himself and I guess you have . loach poke around in other people 's dirty linen . gittes yeah . tell I , you still throw chiname into jail for spitting on the laundry ? escobar you be behind the time , Jake . they have get steam iron now . ( smile ) and I be out of Chinatown . gittes since when ? escobar since I make Lieutenant . it 's apparent gittes be impressed despite himself . gittes congratulation . escobar uh-huh . so what be you do here ? gittes look for someone . escobar who ? gittes hollis mulwray . you see he ? escobar oh yes . gittes I would like to talk to he . escobar you be welcome to try . there he be . escobar point down to the reservoir . a couple of man use pole with hook be fishing about in the water . it can be see that one of they have hook something . he shout . the other man hook it , too . they pull , revealing the soaking back of a man 's coat . they start to pull the body into the skiff . int . coroner' office '' evelyn and escobar be stand over the body of mulwray . escobar have the sheet draw back . Evelyn nod . escobar drop the sheet . escobar and Evelyn move a few foot to one side and whisper , almost as though they be try to keep the corpse from hearing they . escobar it look like he be wash the entire length of the runoff channel . could he swim ? evelyn of course . escobar obviously the fall must have knock he out . Evelyn nod slightly escobar cough . a coroner 's assistant wheel the body out of the office . escobar ( continue ) this alleged affair he be have . the publicity do not make he morose or unhappy ? outside the coroner be gittes have be sit on a wooden bench , smoking and listen . at this question , he rise and look through the doorway . escobar see he , ignore he . Evelyn do not see he . evelyn ... well , it do not make he happy ... escobar but there be no possibility he would have take he own life ? evelyn ( sharply ) no. escobar ( a little uncomfortably now ) Mrs. mulwray , do you happen to know the name of the young woman in question ? Evelyn show a flash of annoyance . evelyn no . escobar do you know where she might be ? evelyn certainly not ! escobar and Evelyn move slowly toward the door . escobar you and you husband never discuss she ? evelyn ( stop , falter ) he ... we do ... he would not tell I she name . we quarrele over she ... of course . it come as a complete surprise to I . escobar a complete surprise ? evelyn yes . escobar but I think you would hire a private investigator . evelyn a private investigator ? escobar ( gesture vaguely toward the door ) Mr. gittes . evelyn well yes . Evelyn look up to see gittes stand in the doorway only a foot or two from she . she stop cold . they look at one another for a long moment . evelyn ( she eye on gittes ) but I ... I ... do that because I think it be a nasty rumor I would put a end to ... she finish , look plaintively at gittes . escobar be right at she back . gittes say nothing . escobar and when do Mr. gittes inform you that this rumor have some foundation in fact ? Evelyn look at escobar but do not know how to answer he . gittes ( smoothly ) just before the story break in the papers , Lou . escobar nod . they begin to walk slowly , again have to move out of the way as some other corpse be be wheeled out of one of the coroner cubicle . escobar you would not happen to know the present whereabouts of the young woman . gittes no . escobar or she name ? gittes no . they have walk a few step further down the hall . evelyn will you need I for anything else , Lieutenant ? escobar I do not think so , Mrs. mulwray . of course you have my deep sympathy and if we need anymore information , we will be in touch . gittes I will walk she to she car , be right back . escobar's Pov Evelyn glance at gittes . they go through a couple of outer door and pass several reporter who have be in the outer hall , laugh , kid , the tag end of line like " only in L.A. " and " Southern cafeteria . " gittes hurry she past the reporter who flank they , ask question . gittes brushes they aside . evelyn and gittes '' at her car in a small parking lot . Evelyn fumble in she bag , look feverishly for something in she purse . gittes Mrs. mulwray ?... Mrs. mulwray . evelyn ( flushed , perspire ) ... just a minute ... gittes ( touch she gently ) you leave you key in the ignition . evelyn oh ... thank you . she glance down , lean against the side of the car . evelyn ( continue ) thank you for go along with I . I just do not want to explain anything ... I will send you a check . gittes ( puzzle ) a check ? Evelyn get in she car . evelyn to make it official , I hire you . she drive off , leave gittes gape . int . coroner' office hallway gittes do not give I that , Lou . you haul I down here for a statement . escobar shrug . escobar I do not want it anymore . gittes no ? escobar no . it be a accident . gittes you mean that 's what you be go to call it . escobar look up . escobar that 's right . ( contemptuously ) out of respect for he civic position . resume walk . gittes laugh . gittes what would he do , Lou , make a pass at you sister ? escobar stop . escobar no , he drown a cousin of mine with about five hundred other people . but they be not very important , just a bunch of dumb mexican live by a dam . now beat it , gittes , you do not come out of this smell like a rise , you know . gittes oh yeah ? can you think of something to charge I with ? escobar when I do , you will hear about it . gittes nod , turn , and walk down the hall . outside morgue gittes stop by a body on the table , the toe tag with mulwray 's name . morty be stand near it in a doorway to a adjoin room . a radio be on , and with it the announcement that they be about to hear another chapter in the life of Lorenzo Jones and he devote wife , Belle . another coroner 's assistant sit at the table , listen to the radio and eat a sandwich . gittes amble into the room . morty ( a cigarette dangle out of he mouth ) Jake , what be you doin ' here ? gittes nothin ' , morty , it 's my lunch hour , I think I would drop by and see who die lately . gittes pick up the sheet and pull it back . camera get its first glimpse of mulwray 's body . eye open , the face badly cut and bruise . morty yeah ? ai not that something ? Middle of a drought , the water commissioner drown . only in l.a . gittes ( look at . mulwray ) yeah . bang up pretty bad . morty that 's a long fall . gittes so how be you , morty ? morty be wheeling in another body with the help of a assistant . morty never better . you know I , Jake . as he begin to move the body into the refrigerator , he break into a wrenching spasm of cough . gittes spot the other body , lower the sheet on mulwray . gittes ( pick up on cough ) yeah , so who you get there ? morty pull back the sheet . morty leroy shuhardt , local drunk use to hang around Ferguson 's alley . morty brushes some sand from the man 's face , laugh . morty ( continue ) quite a character . lately he would be live in one of the downtown storm drain . have a bureau dresser down there and everything . gittes have already lose interest . he start away . gittes yeah . morty drown , too . this stop gittes . gittes come again ? morty yeah , get dead drunk , pass out in the bottom of the riverbed . gittes the L.A. River ? morty ( a little puzzle ) yeah , under hollenbeck Bridge , what 's wrong with that ? gittes have move back to the body , look at it more closely . gittes it 's bone dry , morty . morty it 's not completely dry . gittes yeah , well he be not gonna drow in a damp riverbed either , I do not care how souse he be . that 's like drown in a teaspoon . morty shrug . morty we get water out of he , Jake . he drown . gittes walk away mumble . gittes Jesus , this town ... ext . sunset boulevard '' gittes '' day he 's park on a overpass . the sign hollenbeck bridge on one of its concrete column . gittes look down into the riverbed below . from the bridge gittes can see the muddy remain of a collapse shack , its content strewn down river from the bridge . below he , lie half over the storm drain and one wall that be on the bank of the river be a sign that proclaim " own you own office in this build $ 5000 to $ 6000 " which be use as a roof of sort . downstream , there 's the dresser , a oil drum , a Ford seat cushion , a armour lard can , etc . the trashy remain of shuhardt 's home . gittes scramble down the embankment and as he land near the storm drain one shoe sink , ankle deep into mud . gittes pull it out , swear . he begin to walk a little further downstream when he hear the vaguely familiar squishy clop of something . clear the bridge on the opposite side be the little mexican Boy , again on he swayback horse , riding along the muddy bank . they look at one another a moment . gittes ( call out to he ) you be riding here the other day , be not you ...? the Boy do not answer . gittes ( continue ) speak English ?... habla ingle ? the boy ( finally ) si. gittes do not you talk to a man here ... few day ago ... wear glass ... he ... the Boy nod . gittes ( continue ) what do you talk about , mind my ask ? the shadow of the two be very long now . the boy ( finally ) the water . gittes what about the water ? the boy when it come . gittes when it come ? what would you tell he ? the boy come in different part of the river . every night a different part . gittes nod . the horse snort . the Boy ride slowly on . ext . riverbed '' dusk gittes scramble up the embankment to note the direction the storm drain by hollenbeck Bridge take . it be head above toward the Hollywood Hills , where the sun be set . ext . gittes in car '' nightfall winding he way up a section of the Hollywood Hills . he pick up on a open flood channel with the spotlight by the driver 's windwing . gittes in car '' moving along the flood channel . it be dark now and gittes follow the channel with the car spotlight . he turn at a fork in the road which allow he to continue follow the flood channel . further up '' moving the road be narrower . gittes drive more slowly . foliage be overgrown in the channel so its bottom can not be glimpse . still further '' night the road be dirt . heavy cluster of oak tree and eucalyptus be everywhere . it be very still . another turn and a pie - shape view of a lake of light in the city below can be glimpsed . Pov '' chain - link fence over the road , bolt . it say " oak pass reservoir . keep out . no trespassing . " the chain -link itself actually extend over the flood channel and down into it , make access along the channel itself impossible . gittes back up , turn off the motor , the car light , the spotlight . a lone light overhead on tension wire be the sole illumination . there be only the eerie SOUND of the tension wire humming . gittes get out of the car , club the fence near the flood channel itself . on the other side gittes carefully work he way up through the thick foliage toward a second and large chain - link fence . light from the reservoir still higher above can be see . suddenly there be a gunshot . then another . gittes dive into the flood control channel , which be at this point about four foot deep and six foot wide . there be the SOUND of man scurrying through the brush , come near he , then retreate . gittes lose himself among the ivy in the channel . he wait . the man seem to have pass he by . but there be another SOUND now . a echoing grow sound . it puzzle gittes . he start to lift he head to catch the direction . gittes in flood control channel '' night then he 's inundate with a rush of water which pour over he , knock off he hat , carry he down the channel , bang into its bank , as he desperately try to grab some of the overgrowth to hang on and pull himself out . but the force of the stream batter he and carry he with it until he 's bring rudely to the chainlink fence . it stop he cold . he 's nearly strain through it . swear and choke , he pull himself out of the rush water by mean of the fence itself . drenched , batter , he slowly climb back over the fence and make he way toward he car . at gittes ' car he fish for he car key , look down . one shoe be miss . gittes ( grumble ) goddam florsheim shoe , goddammit . he start to get into he car but mulvihill and a smaller man stop he . mulvihill pull he coat down and pin he arm , hold he tightly . the smaller man thrust a switchblade knife about a inch and a half up gittes ' leave nostril . smaller man ( shaking with emotion ) hold it there , kitty cat . close '' gittes frozen , the knife in he nostril , the street lamp overhead gleam on the silvery blade . the smaller man you be a very nosey fellow , kitty cat ... you know what happen to nosey fellow ? the smaller man actually seem to be tremble with rage when he say this . gittes do not move . smaller man ( continue ) wanna guess ? no ? okay , lose they nose . with a quick flick the smaller man pull back on the blade , lay gittes ' leave nostril open about a inch further . gittes scream . blood gush down onto he shirt and coat . gittes bend over , instinctively try to keep the blood from get on he clothes . mulvihill and the smaller man stare at he . the smaller man ( continue ) next time you lose the whole thing , kitty cat . I will cut it off and feed it to my goldfish , understand ? mulvihill tell he you understand , gittes . ext . oak pass reservoir '' night gittes be now grovel on he hand and knee . gittes ( mumble ) I understand ... gittes on the ground can see only he tormentor 's two - tone brown and white wing - tip shoe , lightly freckle with he blood . the shoe come up and lightly shove gittes into the ground . the SOUND of footstep retreating , gittes gasp . int . gittes ' office '' gittes sit behind he desk , back to camera , not move . duffy sit stare at nothing , walsh move uneasily around the room . the phone be ringing . Sophie buzy . gittes ( press down intercom ) yeah , Sophie . sophie' voice a miss session call . gittes who ? sophie' voice ida session . gittes do not know she . take a number . new angle '' revealing a bandage spread - eagle across gittes ' nose . walsh so some contractor want to build a dam and he make a few payoff . so what ? gittes turn slowly to walsh . he lightly tap he nose . walsh ( continue ) think you can nail mulvihill ? they will claim you be trespasp . gittes I do not want mulvihill . I want the big boy that be make the payoff . duffy then what will you do ? gittes Sue the shit out of them . walsh yeah ? gittes yeah . what 's wrong with you guy ? think ahead . we find them , sue them . we will make a kill . ( a dazzle smile ) we will have dinner at chasen 's twice a week , we will be pissing on ice the rest of we life . walsh Sue people like that they be liable to be have dinner with the judge who 's try the suit . gittes look irritate . the phone ring again . sophie' voice miss ida session again . she say you know she . gittes okay . gittes pick up the phone . he wink to he boy . gittes ( continue ) hello , miss session . I do not believe we have have the pleasure . ida' voice oh yes we have ... be you alone , Mr. gittes ? gittes ( clowning a little for the boy ) be not everybody ? what can I do for you , miss session ? walsh promptly start to tell duffy the Admiral byrd story . ida' voice well , I be a work girl , Mr. gittes . I do not come in to see you on my own . gittes when do you come in ? ida' voice I be the one who pretend to be Mrs. mulwray , remember ? walsh have finish off the punch line and both man be laugh raucously . gittes drop the mail he 's be loafing through and put he hand over the receiver . gittes ( to duffy and walsh ) shut the fuck up ! ( then back to ida ) ... yes I remember nothing , miss session , just go over a detail or two with my associate ... you be say ? ida' voice well I never expect anything to happen like what happen to Mr. mulwray , the point be if it ever come out I want somebody to know I do not know what would happen . gittes I understand ... if you could tell I who employ you , miss session . that could help we both . ida' voice oh no . gittes ... why do not you give I you address and we can talk this over ? ida' voice no , Mr. gittes . just look in the obituary column of today 's Times ... gittes the obituary column ? ida' voice you will find one of that people . gittes ' that people ? ' miss session . she hang up . gittes look to he two man . int . brown derby '' close on newspaper gittes be seat , flip through the paper until he find the obituary column , scan it , look up , abruptly tear the column from the paper and put it in he pocket . when he close the paper we can see headline in the leave hand column : " water bond issue pass council " . ten million dollar referendum to go before the public . Evelyn mulwray be stand at the table as he do so . he rise , allow she to sit . close on evelyn gittes watch she as she remove she glove slowly ... she 's wear dove gray gabardine , subdued , tailore . gittes thanks for come ... drink ? the waiter 's appear . Evelyn be look at gittes ' nose . evelyn Tom Collins with lime , not lemon , please . Evelyn look down and smoothes she glove . when she look back up she stare expectantly at gittes . gittes pull out a tear envelope . the initial ecm can be see in a delicate scroll on the corner of it . gittes I get you check in the mall . evelyn yes . as I say , I be very grateful . gittes ' finger the envelope . he cough . gittes Mrs. mulwray , I be afraid that 's not good enough . evelyn ( a little embarrassed ) well , how much would you like ? close on evelyn gittes stop it . the money 's fine . it 's generous but you have shortchange I on the story . evelyn ( coolly ) I have ? gittes I think so . something besides you husband 's death be bother you . you be upset but not that upset . evelyn Mr. gittes ... ( icily ) do not tell I how I feel . the drink come . the waiter set they down . gittes sorry . look , you sue I , you husband die , you drop the lawsuit like a hot potato , and all of it quick than wind from a duck 's ass . Excuse I . then you ask I to lie to the police . evelyn it be not much of a lie . gittes if you husband be kill it be . ( meaning check ) this can look like you pay I off to withhold evidence . evelyn but he be not kill . gittes smile . gittes I think you be hide something , Mrs. mulwray . Evelyn remain unperturb . evelyn well , I suppose I be ... actually I know about the affair . gittes how do you find out ? evelyn my husband . gittes he tell you ? Evelyn nod . gittes ( continue ) and you be not the slight bit upset about it ? evelyn I be grateful . Evelyn for the first time appear a little embarrassed . gittes you will have to explain that , Mrs. mulwray . evelyn why ? gittes ( a flash of annoyance ) look , I do matrimonial work , it 's my metiay . when a wife tell I she 's happy she husband be cheating on she it run contrary to my experience . gittes look significantly to Evelyn . evelyn unless what ? gittes ( look directly at she ) she 's cheating on he . Evelyn do not reply . gittes ( continue ) be you ? Evelyn be clearly angry but she be control it . evelyn I do not like the word ' cheat . ' gittes do you have affair ? evelyn ( flash ) Mr. gittes . gittes do he know ? evelyn ( almost a outburst ) well I would not run home and tell he whenever I go to bed with someone , if that 's what you mean . this subdue gittes a little . Evelyn be still a little heat . evelyn ( continue ; more calmly ) be there anything else you want to know ? gittes where you be when you husband die . evelyn I can not tell you . gittes you mean you do not know where you be ? evelyn I mean I can not tell you . gittes you be see someone , too . Evelyn look squarely at he . she do not deny it . gittes for very long ? evelyn I do not see anyone for very long , Mr. gittes . it 's difficult for I . now I think you know all you need to about I . I do not want publicity . I do not want to go into any of this , then or now . be this all ? gittes nod . gittes oh , by the way . what 's the ' C ' stand for ? he 's be finger the envelope ... evelyn ( she stammer slightly ) k ... Cross . gittes that you maiden name ? evelyn yes ... why ? gittes no reason . Evelyn turn into gittes . evelyn you must have have a reason to ask I that . gittes ( shrug ) no. I be just a snoop . evelyn you seem to have have a reason for every other question . gittes no , not for that one . evelyn I do not believe you . gittes suddenly turn sharply in to Evelyn . gittes ( move in ) do I a favor . sit still and act like I be charming . Evelyn involuntarily draw back . gittes ( continue ) there 's somebody here . say something . anything . something like we be be intimate . Evelyn reluctantly allow gittes to move closer and dangle he hand in front of they face . she stare at he . evelyn ( meaning he nose ) how do it happen ? gittes ( quietly ) be meaning to talk to you about that . evelyn ( quietly ) maybe put you nose in other people 's business ? gittes ( quietly ) more like other people put they business in my nose . Evelyn actually smile a little . woman' voice you son of a bitch . gittes look up and flash he smile . gittes Mrs. Match . how're you ? mrs . match be sway over the table , a plump woman with a glass of whiskey in one hand , a large purse in the other , and a menace look in she eye . mrs . match do not give I that , you son of a bitch . gittes okay . gittes turn back to Evelyn . evelyn ( softly ) another satisfied client ? gittes another satisfied client 's wife . mrs . match look at I , you son of a bitch . you ... you bastard . be you happy , be you happy now ? she try to take a swipe at gittes with she purse . gittes cover himself . waiter rush over . mrs . match you smug son of a bitch . my husband 's so upset he sweat all night ! how do you think that make I feel ? gittes sweaty ? Mrs. Match swing at gittes again and again . she catch he on the nose . it hurt . he cover it , then swing he leg out from under the table and deftly kick she in the shin . Mrs. Match drop she purse and spill she drink . she grab she shin , hopping around a little . the waiter who have try to restrain she now try to keep she from fall over . gittes let 's get out of here before she pick up she purse . they rise and move toward the door . evelyn ( quietly ) tough guy , huh ? gittes look , see she 's kid , and nod . outside in the parking lot '' dusk gittes ' car have be bring by the parking attendant . the attendant open the passenger side for Evelyn . evelyn oh , no . I have get my own car . the creamcolor Packard . gittes ( to attendant who dutifully start for she car ) wait a minute , sonny . ( to Evelyn ) I think you better come with I . evelyn what for ? there 's nothing more to say . ( to attendant ) get my car , please . the attendant start after it again . gittes lean on the open door of he car and in to Evelyn . he talk quietly but spit it out . gittes okay , go home . but in case you be interested you husband be murder . somebody 's dump ton of water out of the city reservoir when we be supposedly in the middle of a drought , he find out , and he be kill . there 's a waterlogged drunk in the morgue . involuntary manslaughter if anybody want to take the trouble which they do not . it look like half the city be try to cover it all up , which be fine with I . but , Mrs. mulwray . ( now inch from she ) I goddam near lose my nose ! and I like it . I like breathe through it . and I still think you be hide something . Evelyn steady herself on the open car door . she stare at gittes for a long moment . then he gently tug the car door close . evelyn Mr. gittes . he drive off into the wilshire traffic , leave Evelyn look after he . int . dwp '' mulwray' office door with its lettering : " hollis i. mulwray chief engineer " gittes go through the door to the Secretary . she look up . she recognize gittes again and be not happy to see he . gittes j.j. gittes to see Mr. yelburton . the Secretary immediately get up and go into the inner office . gittes turn and stroll around the office a moment . he see a photographic display of " the history of the dwp . the early year " , along the wall . he stop as he spot a photo of the man with the cane gittes have see photo of earlier . he be stand high in the mountain , near a pass . the caption read " julian cross . 1905 " . Cross be strikingly handsome . gittes immediately pull out the envelope contain Evelyn 's check . he look at the corner of it , he thumb press down under the middle initial C , then he look back to the photo . the Secretary return . secretary Mr. yelburton will be busy for some time . gittes well I be on my lunch hour . I will wait . secretary he 's liable to be tie up indefinitely . gittes I take a long lunch . all day sometimes . gittes pull out a cigarette case , offer the Secretary one . she refuse . he light up and begin to hum ' the Way you look tonight , ' strolling along the wall look at more photograph . int . mulwray' office here he spot several photo of a much young mulwray , along with Julian Cross . one of the caption : " hollis mulwray and julian cross as the aqueduct clear the santa susannah pass . 1912 " . gittes , still hum , turn to the Secretary . gittes Julian Cross work for the water department ? secretary ( look up ) yes . no. gittes ( hum , then ) he do or he do not ? secretary he own it . gittes be genuinely surprised at this . gittes he own the water department ? secretary yes . gittes he own the entire water supply for the city ? secretary yes . gittes ( really surprised ) how do they get it away from he ? secretary ( a sigh , then ) Mr. mulwray feel the public should own the display . the water . if you will just read the display . gittes ( glance back , hum , then ) mulwray ? I think you say Cross own the department . secretary along with Mr. mulwray . gittes they be partner . secretary ( testily ) yes . yes , they be partner . she get up , annoyed , and go into yelburton 's inner office . gittes go back to the photograph . he hear a scratching SOUND , apparently come from just outside the outer door . he move quickly to it , hesitates , swiftly open the door . Workmen be behind it , scraping away mulwray 's name on the outer door , look up at gittes in some surprise . the Secretary return , see the workman on the floor . secretary ( to gittes ) Mr. yelburton will see you now . gittes nod graciously , head on into yelburton 's office . int . dwp '' yelburton &amp ; gittes there be a subtle but perceptible difference in yelburton 's attitude . he 's now head of the department . yelburton Mr. gittes , sorry to keep you wait . this staff meeting , they just go on and on . gittes yeah , must be especially tough to take over under this circumstance . yelburton oh yes . hollis be the best department head the city 's ever have . my goodness , what happen to you nose ? gittes ( smile ) I cut myself shave . yelburton you ought to be more careful . that must really smart . gittes only when I breathe . yelburton ( laugh ) only when you breathe ... do not tell I you be still work for Mrs. mulwray ? gittes I never be . yelburton ( stop smile ) I do not understand . gittes neither do I , actually . but you hire I or you hire that chippie to hire I . yelburton Mr. gittes , you be not make a bit of sense . gittes well , look at it this way , Mr. yelburton . mulwray do not want to build a dam and he have a reputation that be hard to get around , so. you decide to ruin it . then he find out that you be dump water every night . then he be drown . yelburton Mr. gittes ! that 's a outrageous accusation . I do not know what you be talk about . gittes well , whitey mehrholtz over at the Times will . dump thousand of gallon of water down the toilet in the middle of a drought . that 's news . gittes head toward the door . yelburton wait . please sit down , Mr. gittes . we be ... well , we be not anxious for this to get around , but we have be diverting a little water to irrigate avocado and walnut grove in the northwest valley . as you know , the farmer there have no legal right to we water , and since the drought we have have to cut they off . the city come first , naturally . but , well , we have be try to help some of they out , keep they from go under . naturally when you divert water you get a little runoff . gittes yeah , a little runoff . where be that orchard ? yelburton I say , the northwest valley . gittes that 's like say they're in Arizona . yelburton Mr. gittes , my field man be out and I can not give you a exact location ... gittes nod . gittes you be a marry man , be I right ? yelburton yes ... gittes hard work , have a wife and kid ... yelburton yes ... gittes I do not want to nail you . I just want to know who put you up to it . I will give you a few day to think it over . ( hand he a card ) call I . I can help . who know ? maybe we can lay the whole thing off on a few big shot and you can stay head of the department for the next twenty year . gittes smile , leave a unsmile yelburton . int . gittes office gittes enter , drop he hat on Sophie 's desk . Sophie try to tell he something but gittes go on into he office . evelyn mulwray be sit , smoking . she look up when he enter . evelyn what 's you usual salary ? gittes move to he desk , barely break stride at the sight of she . gittes thirty - five buck daily for I , twenty for each of my operator , plus expense , plus my fee if I show result . he 's sit now . Evelyn be very pale now , obviously very shake . evelyn whoever 's behind my husband 's death , why have they go to all this trouble ? gittes money . how they plan to make it by empty the reservoir , that I do not know . evelyn I will pay you salary plus five thousand dollar if you find out what happen to hollis and who be involved . gittes buzze Sophie . gittes Sophie , draw up one of we standard form for Mrs. mulwray . ( he lean back ; to Evelyn ) tell I , do you get marry before or after mulwray and you father sell the water department ? Evelyn nearly jump at the question . gittes ( continue ) you father be Julian Cross , be not he ? evelyn yes , of course . it be quite a while after . I be just out of grade school when they do that . gittes so you marry you father 's business partner ? Evelyn nod . she light another cigarette . gittes ( continue ; stare at she , point to the ashtray ) you have get one go , Mrs. mulwray . evelyn oh . she quickly stub one out . gittes be there something upsetting about my ask about you father ? evelyn no !... yes , a little . you see hollis and my fa ... my father have a fall out ... gittes over the water department , or over you ? evelyn ( quickly ) not over I . why would they have a fall out over I ? gittes ( note she nervousness ) then it be over the water department . evelyn not exactly . well , I mean , yes . yes and no . hollis feel the public should own the water but I do not think my father feel that way . actually , it be over the Van der lip . the dam that break . gittes oh , yeah ? evelyn yes . he never forgive he for it . gittes never forgive he for what ? evelyn for talk he into building it , he never forgive my father ... they have not speak to this day . gittes ( start a little ) you sure shout that ? evelyn of course I be sure . gittes what about you ? do you and you father get along ? Sophie come in with the form , cut off Evelyn 's reply . gittes place two copy on a coffee table in front of Evelyn . gittes sign here ... the other copy 's for you . she sign it . when she look back up , gittes be stare intently at she . evelyn what be you think ? gittes ( pick up one of copy , fold it , put it in he pocket ) before this I turn on the faucet , it come out hot and cold , I do not think there be a thing to it . int . seaplane the engine make the small cabin vibrate . gittes thread he way down the tiny aisle of the eight passenger cabin , which be full of middle - age man in old clothes and they fishing gear . gittes be poke by a pole , have to move along . one of the old man say something to he . gittes ( above the engine ) what ? old man you will have to sit with the pilot . gittes move forward into the cockpit , the pilot look up '' nod for gittes to sit down , first move a half eat cheese sandwich out of gittes ' seat . ext . harbor - seaplane taxi down the ramp into the sea . in a moment , it kick up a spray of foam and take off . int . cockpit the island gradually loom larger before the Pilot and gittes . the Pilot glance over at gittes who , as usual , be impeccably dress . a contrast to the other on the plane . pilot ( above the engine ) well , you be not go fishing . gittes shake he head . gittes not exactly . pilot ( wink ) but that 's what you tell you wife . the Pilot laugh raucously . gittes laugh politely . pilot lot of fella do . tell the little woman they be go on a fishing trip , then shack up with some little twist on the island ... she pretty ? gittes ( abruptly ) I be go to see a man call Julian Cross . ever hear of he ? pilot be the Pope Catholic ? who be you , mister ?... I ask because he do not see a whole lot of people . gittes I be work for he daughter . pilot ( surprised ) that right ?... she use to be some looker . gittes she be not exactly long in the tooth now . pilot she must be about thirty - three , thirty - four . gittes you must be think of a different daughter . pilot no , he 's only get one , I remember she age , I read it in the newspaper when she run away . gittes she run away ? pilot oh yeah , it be a big thing at the time . Julian Cross ' daughter . God almighty . she be a wild little thing . he give a sidelong glance to gittes , a little concerned he 's say too much . pilot ( continue ) course , she settle down nicely . gittes ( smile a little ) well , you never know , do you ? pilot ( loosen up ) that 's for sure . gittes why would she run away ? pilot oh , you know . she be sixteen or seventeen . gittes ( nudging he ) we miss the best of it , do not we , pal ? both man laugh a little lewdly . pilot she run off to Mexico . rumor be she be knock up and do not even know who the father be . go there to get rid of it . gittes you do not say ? pilot Cross be look for she all over the country . offered reward , everything . felt real sorry for he , with all he money . albacore club '' day a pleasant but unobtrusive clapboard blue and white building on the bay overlook the harbor . the seaplane land . a motor launch with a burgee of a fish fly from it turn and head in the direction of the plane . ext . winding road '' rancho del cruce gittes , drive in a station wagon , pass under the sign with a cross paint below the name . the ranch itself be only partially in a valley on the island . as the wagon continue one can see that it be actually a miniature California , encompass desert , mountain and canyon that tumble down palisade to the windward side of the sea . the wagon come to a halt where a group of hand be cluster around a corral . the circle of man drift apart , leave julian cross stand , use a cane for support , reedy but handsome in a rough linen shirt and jeans . when he talk he strong face be lively , in repose it look ravage . ext . bridle path '' gittes &amp ; cross walk toward the main house . a classic monterey . a horse lead on a halter by another ranch hand slow down and defecate in the center of the path they be take . gittes do not notice . cross horseshit . gittes pause , not certain he have hear correctly . gittes Sir ? cross I say horseshit. ( point ) horseshit . gittes yes , sir , that 's what it look like . I will give you that . Cross pause when they reach the dung pile . he remove he hat and wave it , inhale deeply . cross Love the smell of it . a lot of people do but of course they will not admit it . look at the shape . gittes glance down out of politeness . cross ( continue ; smile , almost enthusiastic ) always the same . Cross walk on . gittes follow . gittes ( not one to let it go ) always ? cross what ? oh , damn near yes . unless the animal 's sick or something . ( stop and glance . back ) and the steam rise off it like that in the morning . that 's life , Mr. gittes . life . they move on . cross ( continue ) perhaps this preoccupation with horseshit may seem a little perverse , but I ask you to remember this . one way or another , it 's what I have deal in all my life . let 's have breakfast . ext . courtyard veranda '' gittes &amp ; cross at breakfast below they be a corral where hand take arabian , one by one , and work they out , let they run and literally kick up they heel . Cross ' attention be divert by the animal from time to time . a impeccable mexican butler serve they they main course , broil fish . cross you know , you have get a nasty reputation , Mr. gittes . I like that . gittes ( dubious ) thanks . cross if you be a bank president that would be one thing , but in you business it 's admirable . and it 's good advertising . gittes it do not hurt . cross it 's why you attract a client like my daughter . gittes probably . cross but I be surprised you be still work for she , unless she 's suddenly come up with another husband . gittes no . she happen to think the last one be murder . Cross be visibly surprised . cross how do she get that idea ? gittes I think I give it to she . Cross nod . cross uh-huh . oh I hope you do not mind . I believe they should be serve with the head . gittes glance down at the fish whose isinglass eye be glaze over with the heat of cooking . gittes Fine , as long as you do not serve chicken that way . cross ( laugh ) tell I . what do the police say ? gittes they be call it a accident . cross who 's the investigate officer ? gittes Lou escobar '' he 's a Lieutenant . cross do you know he ? gittes oh yes . cross where from ? gittes we work in Chinatown together . cross would you call he a capable man ? gittes very . cross honest ? gittes Far as it go . of course he have to swim in the same water we all do . cross of course , but you have get no reason to think he 's bungle the case ? gittes none . cross that 's too bad . gittes too bad ? cross it disturb I , Mr. gittes . it make I think you be take my daughter for a ride . financially speak , of course . how much be you charge she ? gittes ( carefully ) my usual fee , plus a bonus if I come up with any result . cross be you sleep with she ? come , come , Mr. gittes . you do not have to think about that to remember , do you ? gittes laugh . gittes if you want a answer to that question I can always put one of my man on the job . good afternoon , Mr. Cross . cross Mr. gittes ! you be deal with a disturb woman who 's lose she husband . I do not want she take advantage of . sit down . gittes what for ? cross you may think you know what you be deal with , but believe I , you do not . this stop gittes . he seem faintly muse by it . cross why be that funny ? gittes it 's what the d.a. use to tell I about Chinatown . cross be he right ? gittes shrug . cross ( continue ) ... exactly what do you know about I , Mr. gittes ? gittes mainly that you be rich and too respectable to want you name in the papers . cross ( grunt , then ) ' course I be respectable . I be old . politician , ugly building and whore all get respectable if they last long enough . I will double whatever you fee be and I will pay you ten thousand dollar if you can find hollis ' girlfriend . gittes his girlfriend ? cross yes , he girlfriend . gittes you mean the little chippie he be with at the El macando ? cross yes . she 's disappear , have not she ? gittes yeah . cross do not that strike you as odd ? gittes no . she 's probably scared to death . cross would not it be useful to talk to she ? gittes maybe . cross if mulwray be murder , she be probably one of the last people to see he . gittes you do not see mulwray much , do you ? cross no . gittes when be the last time ? Cross start to reply , then there 's the SOUND of a mariachi band and some man in formation clear a bluff about a hundred yard off . they be dress like Spanish don on horseback . for the most part they be fat in the saddle and pass along in disorder review to the music . cross sheriff 's gold posse ... bunch of damn fool who pay $ 5,000 apiece to the sheriff 's reelection . I let them practice up out here . gittes yeah . do you remember the last time you talk to mulwray ? Cross shake he head . cross at my age , you tend to lose track ... gittes well , it be about five day ago . you be outside the pig and whistle and you have one hell of a argument . Cross look to gittes in some real surprise . gittes ( continue ) I have get the photograph in my office . if they will help you remember . what be the argument about ? cross ( a long pause , then : ) my daughter . gittes what about she ? cross just find the girl , Mr. gittes . I think she be frighten and I happen to know hollis be fond of she . I would like to help she if I can . gittes I do not realize you and hollis be so fond of each other . Cross look hatefully at gittes . cross hollis mulwray make this city and he make I a fortune ... we be a lot closer than Evelyn realize . gittes if you want to hire I , I still have to know what you and mulwray be argue about . cross ( painfully ) well ... she 's a extremely jealous person . I do not want she to find out about the girl . gittes how do you find out ? cross I have still get a few tooth in my head , Mr. gittes , and a few friend in town . gittes okay . my secretary will send you a letter of agreement . tell I be you worried about that girl , or what Evelyn might do to she ? cross just find the girl . gittes I will look into it as soon as I check out some avocado grove . cross avocado grove ? gittes we will be in touch , Mr. Cross . int . hall of record '' day Dark and quiet except for the whirring of fan . gittes approach one of the clerk at a desk . gittes I be a little lose . where can I find the plat book for the northwest valley ? the clerk 's droopy eye widen a little . clerk part of it 's in ventura County . we do not have ventura County in we Hall of record . which be a snotty remark . gittes smile . gittes I will settle for L.A. County . clerk ( regards he , then ) row twenty - three , section c. the clerk turn away abruptly . gittes regards he back a moment , then go to the stack . through the stack gittes see the clerk turn to another , say something . the second clerk get on the phone . gittes watch a moment , then swiftly turn he attention to the stack . he haul down the northwest valley volume , open it . it 's huge and there 's a lot to go through . the print itself make he squint . insert page show tract , lot , parcel , even a mete and bound designation where the description of the land parcel be long and hopelessly involved e.g. ' 6000 pace to Rio seco , thence 7000 pace to loma Linda , etc . ' this description be old and fade . in the owner ' column , however there be numerous freshly type name paste over the prior owner . gittes haul the huge volume back to the clerk 's desk . gittes ( to clerk ) say ... uh ... sonny . the clerk turn sharply around . gittes how come all this new name be paste into the plat book ? clerk land sale out of escrow be always record within the week . gittes look a little surprised . gittes then this be all new owner ? clerk that 's right . gittes ( astonished ) but that mean that most of the valley 's be sell in the last few month . clerk if that 's what it say . gittes can I check one of this volume out ? clerk ( quietly snotty ) Sir , this be not a lend library , it 's the Hall of record . gittes well , then , how about a ruler ? clerk a ruler ? gittes the print 's pretty fine . I forget my glass . I would like to be able to read across . the exasperate clerk reach around , rummages , slap a ruler on the desk . gittes go back to the stack with the ruler . he open the book , place the ruler not horizontally but vertically . insert plat book northwest valley beside the owner column he place the ruler , look toward the clerk , then swiftly rip down the page , tear out a strip about two inch wide contain the owner 's name and property description . as he tear , he either sniffles or cough to cover the SOUND of the paper be rip . ext . road '' gittes drive '' day amidst a hall of shimmer dust and heat , parched and drying grove , narrower road . he pass a ramshackle home , next to a rotting orchard . there be a " sold " sign on the collapse barn . gittes stop , check it against the name he have take from the Hall of record . old stucco building further on and a few withere pepper tree . gittes have pause at this dry - up intersection . there be a " sold " sign on a drug store . gittes look off screen . come into view above the arid field be a spiraling cloud of purple smoke . gittes head in that direction . gittes park at the edge of the field . about twenty yard away be a man mount on a strange machine , hold a lid off it . billow lavender cloud be belching forth . several child be watch the man at work . gittes ( to one of the Children ) say , pal , what 's he do ? child make some rain . gittes nod , walk over to the man who be elaborately busy himself with the intricacy of he machine . he 's aware of gittes watch he . gittes well , you be just the man I be look for . the rainmaker now glance down at gittes , who as usual be immaculately dress . gittes some associate and I be think of buy property out here . of course , we be worried about the rainfall . the rainmaker step down . rainmaker no problem with I on the job. gittes yeah . ( glance around at the desolate , dry field ) do you have any reference ? rainmaker &amp ; gittes rainmaker City of La habra Heights fill a 800,000 gallon reservoir with sixteen inch of rain in two day . gittes ( nod ) that 's swell . but how about here ? ( pull out name from he pocket ) ever work for Robert knox , Emma dill , clarence speer , marian parson , or jasper lamar crabb ? rainmaker never hear of them ... new owner ? gittes yeah . rainmaker ( climb back up ) lot of turnover this day . better tell they to get in touch with I if they want to hang onto they land . gittes yeah , I will do that . gittes drive be now cover with a film of dust : he reach a fork in the dirt road . there be a couple of mailbox . gittes take this fork and begin a slow ascent . as he do , the top of a line of bright green tree can be see , come more and more into view , row upon row of avocado and walnut grove , they foliage heavy . the few structure in the distance be white - wash , and well keep , right down to the white - wash stone that mark the pathway to the home . tower above it all be a huge wooden water tank . gittes drive through a gate that have " no trespassing " and " keep out private property " sign neatly print on it . he drive down the road into the grove . gittes pull to a halt in the road flanking the orchard lane . he put the car in neutral , stare at the tree . by contrast with what he have see they be lush and beautiful , they heavy branch barely sway in a light breeze . then a shotgun blast abruptly strip bare the branch of the tree he would be stare at . ext . avocado grove '' day gittes be shocked . he look behind he . Riding on horseback down the field in the direction he have just drive be a red- face man in overall . his hat blow off he head . he do not , however , lose the shotgun he have just use . gittes ' lane of retreat be deny he . he gun the car , and take off down one of the orchard lane . moving with gittes the dirt lane be rough . as gittes near the end of it , a younger man on a mule block the exit . gittes veer a sharp leave , knock a branch off one of the tree , head down one of the cross-lane . here he 's pursue by a scraggly dog that nip at the tire . gittes yell at it . angle on grove two farmer on foot , one use a crutch , run down the lane toward a dust trail rise above the tree . they have spot it . clearly it 's from gittes ' car . this hide - and -seek chase between one man on horseback , one on a mule and a couple on foot continue up and down and across the orchard lane until gittes ' front tire and radiator be rupture by another shotgun blast . gittes ' car veer off , scatter a stray gaggle of geese and smack into a avocado tree , shaking loose a barrage of the heavy fruit onto gittes and the car . gittes immediately try to get out through the branch over the back of he car , but he 's pull off it by one of the young farmer , a huge brute who he begin to tussle with . the cripple Farmer begin to bang gittes on the back with he crutch . the two of they manage to pound gittes to the ground within moment , where the cripple Farmer continue to whack away at gittes with the crutch . the older Red face Farmer with the shotgun and the man on a mule ride up . red face farmer all right , quit it ! quit now ! search the man , see if he 's armed . gittes be heft half off the ground and the two young farmer spin he around , go through he clothes . gittes be badly bang up and half out on he foot . they toss he wallet , he silver cigarette case , etc. on the ground . red face farmer I say see if he 's armed , not empty he pocket . big farmer he be not armed . gittes lean against the back of he car , breathe heavily . red face farmer all right , mister . who you with ? Water department or the real estate office ? gittes ' back be to the Red face Farmer . he have trouble catch he breath . the cripple Farmer poke he rudely in the back with he crutch . gittes turn sharply . gittes ( to cripple Farmer ) get away from I ! crippled farmer answer he ! gittes touch I with that thing again and you will need a pair of they . big farmer ( shove gittes ) why not you pick on somebody you own size ? red face farmer I say cut that out ! give he a chance to say something . gittes look up at the Red face Farmer . gittes ( reach down for he wallet ) name 's gittes . I be a private investigator and I be not with either one . red face farmer then what be you do out here ? gittes client hire I to see ... whether or not the water department 's be irrigate you land . red face farmer irrigating my land ? ( explode ) the water department 's be send you people to blow up my water tank ! they throw poison down three of my well ! I call that a funny way to irrigate . who would hire you for a thing like that ? gittes reach into he pocket . the paper 's on the ground . he pick it up . gittes Mrs. Evelyn mulwray . big farmer mulwray ? that 's the son of a bitch who 's do it to we . gittes mulwray 's dead . you do not know what you be talk about , you dumb oakie . the Big Farmer take a swing at gittes . gittes kick he squarely in the nut , knee he in the jaw after he 's double up , and hit he solidly . the cripple Farmer take careful aim and bring he crutch down on the back of gittes ' head . gittes be knock to the ground and lie still beside the Big Farmer who be writhe in agony in the dirt . red face farmer well , that 's that . black screen there 's a purling SOUND , which soon become define into the SOUND of voice talk quietly '' about whether to move or not to move , doctor , etc . close '' evelyn mulwray be stare down at gittes who 's lie in the screen in porch of the farmer . his wife , the Red face Farmer , and the Big Farmer be there , along with the dog . the Red face Farmer 's wife have set tea out . the farmer , all of they , now seem awkward and a little embarrassed . front porch '' red face farmer' house '' reaction '' gittes '' dusk he focus on Evelyn who sit right next to he . he 's get dry blood down the side of he face from he nose , a huge mouse on he cheek , and he clothes be tear in a couple of spot . gittes ( to Evelyn ) what 's go on ? dubois ( quietly , almost as if he be in a hospital ) you do not look too good , so we think we better call you employer . gittes nod . he check he watch . he look out . it 's almost evening . gittes say nothing . the wife of the Red face Farmer ( dubois ) look reproachfully at dubois . gittes feel the back of he head , it obviously hurt he . ext . dubois farmhouse '' evening Evelyn and gittes go out to she car , the cream color Packard . dubois accompany they , along with the Big Farmer who be carry a crate of something . gittes have clean himself up a little . dubois look here , if it 's all the same with you , we will get you car patch up . if you will tell I what you trousers run you , I will make good on they , Mr. gittes . gittes it 's okay , Mr. dubois . dubois , ( to Evelyn ) it 's just that they be after everybody out here , tear up we irrigation ditch try to make we land worthless so they can pick it up for twenty - five dollar a acre . gittes nod . dubois ( continue ) anyway . Earl here be sorry , too . he want to give you something to take back with you . gittes look . Earl have the huge crate he 's hold brim-full of avocados . gittes thanks , Earl . int . car '' evelyn &amp ; gittes '' dusk Evelyn drive . gittes thanks for come ... gittes pull out cigarette case , take one , offer one to Evelyn who refuse . gittes that dam be a con job . evelyn what dam ? gittes the one you husband oppose . they be con L.A. into building it , only the water will not go to l.a . it will go here . evelyn the Valley ? gittes everything you can see , everything around we . I be at the Hall of record today . ( whip out papers , turn on the car light ) that bother you ? evelyn no . gittes ( look over papers ) in the last three month , Robert knox have buy 7,000 acre , Emma dill 12,000 acre , clarence speer 5,000 acre , and jasper lamar crabb 25,000 acre . evelyn jasper lamar crabb ? gittes know he ? evelyn no , I think I would remember . gittes yeah . they have be blow this farmer out of here and buy they land for peanut . have any idea what this land will be worth with a steady water supply ? about thirty million more than they pay . evelyn and hollis know about it ? gittes it 's why he be kill . jasper lamar crabb . jasper lamar crabb . he 's pull out he wallet , excitedly now , spilling its content onto the seat . he pull out the obituary column he would fold up earlier in the day . gittes ( continue ) we get it . we get it , baby . evelyn what ? what be it ? gittes there be a memorial service at the Mar vista Inn today for jasper lamar crabb . he die three week ago . evelyn be that unusual ? gittes two week ago he buy that 25,000 acre . that 's unusual . ext . mar vista inn and rest home '' night Evelyn 's car pull up before the elegant Spanish rest home , its entryway illuminate by streetlight . there be a small sign give the name of the place in elegant neon scroll . it sit on the roll green lawn . gittes get out of the car with Evelyn . he offer she he arm and they go up the walkway to the entrance . int . mar vista inn and rest home '' night gittes and Evelyn be approach by a unctuous man in he forty , with a flower in he buttonhole . he see Evelyn first . palmer hello there , I be Mr. palmer . can I help you folk ? then he get a clear look at gittes , bruise , trousers tear , etc . gittes yes , I sure hope so . it 's dad. ( indicate he dishevel appearance ) I just can not handle he anymore , can I , sweetheart ? Evelyn shake she head . palmer oh my goodness . gittes ( hastily ) nothing to do with dad . it 's I , actually . evelyn they just do not get along very well . dad 's a lamb with anyone else . palmer ( not so sure ) oh , well , I do not know . gittes naturally , I want the best for he , money be no object . palmer perhaps if we could meet you father . gittes there 's just one question . palmer of course . gittes do you accept anyone of the jewish persuasion ? Evelyn can not quite conceal she surprise at the question . palmer ( very embarrassed ) I be sorry . we do not . gittes ( smoothly ) do not be sorry , neither do dad . want to make sure though , do not we , honey ? Evelyn stare back at gittes , amused and appal . she manage to nod . gittes just to be certain , I wonder if you could show we a list of you patient ? palmer ( polite but point ) we do not reveal the name of we guest as a matter of policy . I know you would appreciate that if you father come to live with we . gittes lock eye with palmer . gittes ( confidentially ) that 's exactly what we want to hear . palmer oh , good . gittes I wonder , be it too late for we to have a look around ? palmer I do not think so . be happy to show you . gittes would you mind if we take a stroll on we own ? palmer just , if you will , confine yourself to the main building . it 's nearly bedtime . gittes we understand , c'mon , sweetheart . he take Evelyn . int . parlor '' evelyn look . either by accident or design , the primarily octogenarian guest have segregated themselves . in one wing , the man be play pinochle , some be play domino , one elderly gentleman sit by himself carefully peel a orange . in a adjacent parlor several white - head lady work on a quilt . gittes grab Evelyn 's hand . gittes ( quietly ) they be all here . every goddam name . gittes point to the wall . it say " activity board " . there be title . " lawn bowling " . " bridge " . " fishing " . " croquet " . below they be the name of the guest , enter under certain activity , for certain day . after Evelyn look , she turn to gittes . gittes ( continue ; indicate the ancient around they ) you be look at the owner of a 50,000 acre empire . evelyn ( astonished ) they can not be . gittes they may not know it but they be . gittes stroll toward the woman knitting and work on the quilt . gittes hello , girl . two of the lady giggle . the third continue to busy herself with she quilt , off by herself . gittes ( continue ) which one of you be Emma dill ? two of they say " she be , " and point in different direction . the third give they a curt look and go back to she knitting . gittes approach she . gittes be you Emma ? some old voice be sing softly , " do not sit under the Apple Tree . " emma yes . gittes I have be want to meet you . emma why ? gittes do you know that you be a very wealthy woman ? emma ( stitching , smile ) I be not . gittes well you own a lot of land . emma not anymore . oh , some time ago , my late husband own a good deal of beach property in Long Beach , but we lose it . gittes look at the quilt . in it be the head of a fish among the rest of the crazy quilt pattern . gittes spot it . gittes that 's just lovely . emma thank you ... he look through the quilt for other piece of the fish , come across the tail and by it the initial a.c . gittes ( indicate tail ) where do you get this material ? emma ( what it sound like ) the apple core club . gittes the apple core ? emma no . the albacore . it 's a fish . my grandson 's a member and they take very nice care of we . gittes how do they do that ? emma give we thing . not just some old flag like this , but - gittes ( kneel ) but what ? palmer' voice we be a sort of unofficial charity of theirs , Mr. gittes . would you care to come this way ? someone want to see you . gittes look up , see palmer stand in the doorway , look taut and a little draw . Evelyn be beside he . she gesture as if there 's someone behind palmer . gittes rise . gittes see you later , Emma . he walk toward palmer who wait for he to walk in front . at the entrance hall '' mulvihill be wait . he 's get he hand in he pocket . Evelyn look to gittes . the four of they stand there , mulvihill tower over everyone . mulvihill come on I want you to meet somebody , gittes . gittes ( glance from palmer to mulvihill ) can we leave the lady out of this ? mulvihill ( a little uncertain ) yeah , why not ? gittes okay , I would like to walk she to she car . evelyn I will stay . gittes ( take she by the arm ) get in the car . mulvihill I will see she make it . mulvihill have walk up beside gittes . he make the mistake of open the glass door in the entryway , put he back to gittes for a moment . gittes swiftly pull mulvihill 's jacket up over he head . he spin he around . with he jacket cover he face , gittes hammer away at mulvihlll , beat he against the glass door , along the wall , mercilessly pound he fist into the cloth until the cloth turn red and mulvihill begin to sink to the red tile floor . palmer scream . Evelyn stand there astonished . mulvihill 's gun have clatter to the floor . gittes ( as mulvihill hit the floor , to Evelyn ) what be you wait for ? get in the car ! Evelyn go . mulvihill try to get up again . palmer start to go for the gun , nearly pick it up . gittes slap it out of he hand and kick it . it go fly down the hall , at least thirty foot ; hit the wall . palmer go scream off into the night . gittes turn back to mulvihill who start to get up , then collapse . gittes go out the front door , ignore the excited audience of ancient behind he . outside as gittes walk down the pathway , he stop . two man be come toward he . one of they be short , and have the nervous , jerky move of the man who slit he nose . gittes stop . the two man fan out and continue to move toward he . gittes spot the two - tone shoe . he begin to back up . suddenly there be a pair of headlight flash brilliantly behind the two man . in a moment Evelyn 's car be head across the lawn directly toward the two man , accelerate as it get near they . they look in disbelief , then dive for safety . the car skid to a stop , fishtail a little on the grass . Evelyn open the passenger door . evelyn get in . gittes jump in and she take off across the lawn , tilting the elegant little neon sign on the lawn as she go . two shot be fire . int . car '' evelyn &amp ; gittes Evelyn look straight ahead , drive . after a moment she take one hand off the wheel and rub she leave eye a little . gittes watch she . he smile . ext . veranda '' mulwray home '' night gittes stand on the veranda , smoking a cigarette , stare off into the night . Evelyn come out to the veranda , carry a tray with whiskey and a ice bucket on it . she set it down . gittes turn . gittes ( watch she pour ) maid 's night off ? evelyn why ? gittes ( a little surprised , he laugh ) what do you mean , ' why ? ' nobody 's here , that 's all . evelyn ( hand gittes he drink ) I give everybody the night off . gittes easy , it 's a innocent question . evelyn no question from you be innocent , Mr. gittes . gittes ( laugh ) I guess not to you , Mrs. mulwray . frankly you really save my a ... my neck tonight . they drink . evelyn tell I something . do this usually happen to you , Mr. gittes ? gittes what 's that , Mrs. mulwray ? evelyn well , I be only judge on the basis of one afternoon and a evening , but if that 's how you go about you work , I would say you be lucky to get through a whole day . gittes ( pour himself another drink ) actually this have not happen to I in some time . evelyn when be the last time ? gittes why ? evelyn just . I do not know why . I be ask . gittes touch he nose , wince a little . gittes it be in Chinatown . evelyn what be you do there ? gittes ( take a long drink ) work for the District Attorney . evelyn do what ? gittes look sharply at she . then : gittes as little as possible . evelyn the District Attorney give he man advice like that ? gittes they do in Chinatown . she look at he . gittes stare off into the night . Evelyn have pour herself another drink . evelyn bother you to talk about it , do not it ? gittes get up . gittes no. I wonder ... could I . do you have any peroxide or something ? he touch he nose lightly . evelyn oh sure . c'mon . she take he hand and lead he back into the house . int . bathroom '' mirror gittes pull the plaster off he nose , stare at it in the mirror . Evelyn take some hydrogen peroxide and some cotton out of a medicine cabinet . Evelyn turn gittes ' head toward she . she have he sit on the pullman tile adjacent to the sink . evelyn Doctor do a nice job ... she begin to work on he nose with the peroxide . then she see he cheek , check back in he hair . evelyn ( continue ) Boy oh boy , you be a mess . gittes yeah . evelyn ( work on he ) so why do it bother you to talk about it ... Chinatown ... gittes bother everybody who work there , but to I ... it be ... gittes shrug . evelyn hold still . why ? gittes you can not always tell what 's go on there . evelyn ... no . why be it . gittes I think I be keep someone from be hurt and actually I end up make sure they be hurt . evelyn could you do anything about it ? they be very close now as she 's go over a mouse very near he eye . gittes yeah . make sure I do not find myself in Chinatown anymore . wait a second . he take hold of she and pull she even closer , evelyn ( momentarily freezing ) what 's wrong ? gittes you eye . evelyn what about it ? gittes ( stare intently ) there 's something black in the green part of you eye . evelyn ( not move ) oh that ... it 's a flaw in the iris ... gittes ... a flaw ... evelyn ( she almost shiver ) ... yes , sort of a birthmark ... gittes kiss she lightly , gradually rise until he 's stand hold she . she hesitates , then wrap she arm around he . int . mulwray bedroom '' telephone on a nightstand , city light visible through the open window behind it . it be ringing . Evelyn 's arm reach into shot . SOUND of something hit the headboard . gittes moan . view shift to include gittes in bed , hold he head , which he 's just hit . Evelyn pause in she reach to the phone . she turn to he , whisper , " I be sorry , " kiss he on the head and lip . phone continue to ring . she pick it up . evelyn hello ... ( in Spanish now ) no , no , I will come and help , just keep watch she and do not do anything until I get there ... ' bye . view shift again to include gittes in bed , watch Evelyn next to he as she 's talk on the phone . she hang up . she touch gittes ' cheek lightly . evelyn I have to go . gittes stare at she silently . gittes where ? evelyn just ... I have to . gittes and I want to know where . evelyn ( she start out of bed ) please do not be angry ... believe I , it 's get nothing to do with you . gittes ( stop she ) where be you go ? evelyn ( near tear ) please !... trust I this much ... ( she kiss he lightly ) I will be back . look , there be something I should tell you . the fishing club that old lady mention , the piece off the flag . gittes the albacore Club . evelyn it have to do with my father . gittes I know . evelyn he own it . you know ? gittes I see he . evelyn ( sit up straight ) you see my fa ... father ? when ? gittes this morning . evelyn ( panicked ) you do not tell I . gittes there have not be a lot of time . she leap out of bed , throw on a robe . evelyn what do he say ? ( insistent ) what do he say ? gittes that you be jealous , and he be worried about what you might do . evelyn do ? to who ? gittes mulwray 's girlfriend , for one thing . he want to know where she be . Evelyn start quickly for the bathroom , then come back and kneel by the side of the bed , take gittes ' hand . evelyn I want you to listen to I . my father be a very dangerous man . you do not know how dangerous . you do not know how crazy . gittes give I a example . evelyn you may think you know what 's go on , but you do not . gittes that 's what you father say . you be tell I he 's in back of this whole thing ? evelyn it 's possible . gittes include the death of you husband ? evelyn it 's possible . please do not ask I any more question now . just wait , wait for I . I will be back . I need you here . she kiss he , rush to the bathroom , shut the door . gittes stare at it a moment . then leap out of bed , rummages around , toss on he trousers . he grab he shoe , throw they on . then hurry out of the bedroom . ext . mulwray home '' gittes running across the driveway to the garage . there be two car there . mulwray 's buick and Evelyn 's Packard . gittes move over to the buick , open the passenger 's door . int . buick - gittes check the ignition . no key be in it . he pull a couple of wire from under the dash , start to mess with they , seem satisfied . slide out across the seat , slam the door . ext . mulwray driveway '' night gittes hurry over to the Packard . he get down on the driveway , lie on he back , brace himself . with the heel of he shoe , he kick at the right rear taillight of the car . he shatter the red lens , get up . he carefully pull the red lens off the taillight , expose the white light beneath it . he toss the red lens into the shrubbery and hurry back toward the house . one red and one white taillight '' moving '' night Evelyn 's car speed along the curve on sunset boulevard , the red and white light come in and out of view . gittes drive '' night behind the wheel of mulwray 's car , keep a healthy distance from Evelyn in front of he . evelyn' packard pull up before a small little bungalow house . she get out , look up and down the street . there be nothing . she hurry on up the walkway to the front door . down the STREET '' gittes in buick idle the engine with the light off . he bring the car a few yard further down the street , parking it near evely n's . gittes get out of the car and go up the walkway . the curtain be draw except for one of the small window on the side of the house . he go to it and look , balance on the edge of the porch . through the window gittes see Evelyn 's Oriental servant rush through the live room of the small house . in a moment he re-emerges back through the live room carry a tray with a glass and pitcher on it . gittes around to the side of the house . he run into shrubbery and a short picket fence . he climb over it , follow along the stucco wall to a series of window at the corner of the house . this all have shade on they . he can hear someone cry in the house . someone else talk alternately firmly and plaintively in Spanish . here the window have blind . he move to one where the blind be not completely draw . there 's a inch or so of space at the bottom . through the window gittes can see the servant again . Evelyn be pace back and forth in and out of he line of vision . after a moment someone rise into shot , obviously from lie on a bed . the figure be just a few foot from Evelyn . her tear-stain face come into view . it be unmistakably the girl gittes have last see with hollis mulwray . mulwray 's girlfriend . she 's look up to Evelyn , speak in Spanish . her word be not discernible but the tone be bitter , anguish . a newspaper be strewn about the room . Evelyn kneel . she insist that the girl swallow down some pill . the girl reluctantly do . gittes continue to watch . ext . STREET '' evelyn '' night emerge from the house , go to she car and get in . int . car Evelyn see gittes sit in she car , stare coldly at she . gittes okay , give I the key . evelyn ( stunne , furious ) you bastard . gittes it 's either that or you drive to the police yourself . evelyn the police ? gittes c'mon , Mrs. mulwray . you have get you husband 's girlfriend tie up in there ! evelyn she 's not tie up ! gittes you know what I mean . you be keep she there against she will . evelyn I be not ! gittes then let 's go talk to she . gittes start to get out of the car . Evelyn grab he arm , nearly scream : evelyn no ! her intensity actually rip gittes ' already partially tear jacket . he look at it and she . it seem to have a momentary calming effect on both of they . evelyn ( continue ) she 's too upset . gittes what about ? evelyn hollis ' death . I try to keep it from she , I do not want she upset before I could make plan for she to leave . gittes you mean she just find out ? evelyn yes . gittes that 's not what it look like , Mrs. mulwray . evelyn what do it look like ? gittes like she know about hollis ' death . like she know more than you want she to tell . evelyn you be insane . gittes explode . gittes just tell I the truth . I be not the police . I do not care what you have do . I be not go to hurt you , but one way or another I be go to know . evelyn you will not go to the police if I tell you ? gittes I will if you do not . a long pause . Evelyn 's head sink onto the steering wheel , she hair cover she face . evelyn she 's my sister . Evelyn be breathe very deeply now . not cry , but the kind of deep breathe that come from real hysteria . gittes put a arm on she shoulder . gittes take it easy ... if it 's you sister it 's you sister ... why all the secrecy ? she lift she head and look up at he . he 's genuinely puzzle . evelyn ( really upset ) I can not ... gittes because of hollis ? because she be see you husband ? be that it ? Jesus Christ , say something . be that it ? she nod . gittes sigh . evelyn ( finally ) I would never ever have harme hollis . I love he more than my own family . he be the most gentle , decent man imaginable ... and he put up with more from I than you will ever know ... I just want he to be happy ... she begin to cry softly . gittes ( after a moment ) I take you husband 's buick ... ( he open the car door ) I will return it tomorrow . evelyn be not you come back with I ? gittes do not worry . I be not tell anybody about this . evelyn ... that 's not what I mean . there be a long moment of silence . gittes look over to Evelyn . her hair cover most of she face from he . gittes ( finally ) yeah , well ... I be very tired , Mrs. mulwray . good night . he get out and slam the car door . she drive off . int . shower '' gittes ' apartment '' gittes the spray be hit he full on the top of the head . gittes be so exhaust he 's literally hold onto the nozzle as the water pour down . he shut the shower off , reach weakly for a towel , dab he nose lightly with it . int . gittes ' bedroom '' gittes pad around in elegant silk pajamas . he walk over to the window where morning light be stream in . he close the curtain , collapse on the bed , on top of the cover , inert . almost immediately the phone ring . gittes let it go on for a moment , then pick it up without say anything . voice on phone ( male ) gittes ?... gittes ? gittes yeah . voice on phone ida session want to see you . gittes who ? voice 0n phone ida session , you remember ida . gittes slowly rise to one elbow . gittes yeah ?... I do ? voice on phone sure you do . gittes well , tell you what , pal . if ida want to see I she can call I at my office . he hang up , fall back down . phone ring again . and again . gittes swear , pick it up . voice on phone 684 1 / 2 East tensington . echo Park . she begge I to call . she 's wait for you . before gittes can say anything , the phone click dead . ext . cerrito tower road '' hollywood hill '' early morning gittes pull up . it be a bungalow courtyard with a very narrow walkway and sickly green stucco . ext . ida session ' apartment '' day gittes at the front door . it 's slightly ajar . he knock . nothing . he open it and enter . int . live room Morning light filter through the half - open blind . Dust particle in the shaft of light . it 's still and empty . gittes see something down the hall , under the leg of a telephone table . gittes move toward it . it be grotesque . when he get closer he can see it 's a wilted head of lettuce . just inside the kitchen some radish and onion lie on the linoleum . gittes walk on into the kitchen . int . kitchen clear the kitchen counter , gittes see ida session lie on she back on the floor , surround by the grocery from a break bag . Ice cream have melt around she . her eye be open , a stream of ant be move across the ice cream and into she mouth . she 's recognizable as the woman who pose as Evelyn mulwray . gittes kneel over she . he gingerly open she handbag , fish for its content , take they and look at they on the kitchen counter . wallet with a few bill in it , driver 's license with she name . a screen actor Guild card . gittes nod , turn , carefully replace the item in the purse . he idly open the broom closet , pantry , and even frigidaire , which be all but empty . then he step over she body and move across the hall to a door that be slightly ajar . int . bathroom gittes enter and turn on the light . escobar find anything interesting , gittes ? escobar and another plainclothed man stand in the bathroom by the entrance to the bedroom door . gittes turn around . a third man be now come down the hall from the bedroom . gittes look at the two , do not reply . escobar what be you do here ? gittes do not you call ? escobar ( jerk of he head toward the kitchen ) how do you happen to know she ? gittes I do not . escobar ( turn toward other room ) let I show you something . int . kitchen escobar point to the number " mu 7279 " on the side of one of the kitchen cabinet . escobar be not that you number ? gittes be it ? I forget . I do not call myself that often . escobar just to be on the safe side , we have loach here give you a ring . he indicate one of he assistant . escobar's assistant ( a slight sneer ) what happen to you nose , gittes ? somebody slam a bedroom window on it ? gittes ( right back , smile ) nope , you wife get excited , cross she leg a little too quick . you understand , pal . the Assistant start to move for gittes who be ready for he . escobar step between the two . escobar ( to other Assistant ) loach . ( escobar pull out a drawer ) how about this ? look familiar ? in the open drawer be the photo of mulwray and the girl in the park , boat , and at the El macando on the veranda . gittes ( no point in deny it ) yeah , I take them . so what ? escobar how do she ... ( meaning the corpse ) ... happen to have they ? gittes take a deep breath . gittes either you tell I or I guess ' cause I do not have the answer . escobar nod . escobar you really think I be stupid , do not you , gittes ? gittes I do not think about it one way or the other . but if you want , give I a day or two , and I will get back to you . now I would like to go home . escobar I want the rest of the picture . gittes what picture ? escobar ( meaning the corpse ) this broad hire you , gittes , not Evelyn mulwray . gittes yeah ? escobar yeah . somebody want to shake down mulwray , she hire you , and that 's how you happen to know mulwray be murder . gittes I hear it be a accident . escobar c'mon , you think you be deal with a bunch of asshole ? mulwray have salt water in he goddam lung ! now how do he get that ... in a fresh water reservoir ? gittes be surprised at this piece of information , but remain nonpluss . escobar you be follow he night and day . you see who kill he . you even take picture of it . it be Evelyn mulwray . she 's be pay you off like a slot machine ever since she husband die . gittes ( smile ) you accuse I of extortion ? escobar absolutely . gittes I do not think I need a day or two . you be even dumber than you think I think you be . not only that , I would never extort a nickel out of my worst enemy , that 's where I draw the line , escobar . escobar yeah , I once know a whore who for enough money would piss in a customer 's face , but she would never shit on he chest . that 's where she draw the line . gittes ( smile ) well , I hope she be not too much of a disappointment to you , Lou . escobar manage a thin smile . escobar I want that photograph , gittes . we be talk about accessory after the fact , conspiracy , and extortion . minimum . gittes why do you think mulwray 's body be move you dimwit ? Evelyn mulwray knock off she husband in the ocean and think it would look like more of a accident if she haul he up to the oak pass reservoir ? this be a little tell . gittes ( continue ) mulwray be murder and move because somebody do not want he body find in the ocean . escobar and why 's that ? gittes he find out somebody be dump water there . that 's what they be try to cover up by move he . this stop escobar . he 's dumbfounded by it . escobar what be you talk about ? gittes c'mon I will show you . escobar hesitates . gittes ( continue ) c'mon make a decision , Lou . you be in charge . the man around escobar look to he . escobar grudgingly nod . close shot '' STORM drain it yawn at camera , only a trickle of water drop into the ocean . view widen to include escobar , gittes , and two plain clothesmen , stand and stare at the empty pipe as if they expect it to talk . gittes ( squinting in sunlight ) it 's too late . escobar too late for what ? gittes they only dump the water at night . a third assistant run down the side of the cliff and over to escobar . escobar reach anybody ? third assistant yelburton , he 's the new chief . escobar I know who he be . well ? third assistant he say - gittes I know what he say . escobar ( to gittes ) shut up . ( to Assistant ) go on . third assistant yelburton say they be irrigate in the valley . there 's always a little runoff when they do that . and he say be gittes know that , and have be go around make irresponsible accusation for the last week . escobar turn to gittes . stare at he for a long moment . one of assistant let 's swear out a warrant for she arrest . what be we wait for ? gittes ( meaning escobar ) because he just make lieutenant , and he want to hang onto he little gold bar . escobar stare hatefully at gittes . escobar have you client in my office in two hour and remember . I do not have to let you go . I have get you for withhold evidence right now . ext . mulwray home '' day gittes in mulwray 's buick whip into the driveway . he look in the garage . Evelyn 's car be go . only the gardener 's truck be there . gittes hurry along the pathway and up to the house . he ring the doorbell . scarcely wait for a answer he try it . it 's lock . he reach into he pocket pull out he cigarette case , take a pick out of the side and start to fool with the lock . the maid open the door abruptly , stare in some surprise at gittes . gittes where 's Mrs. mulwray ? maid no esta . gittes look past the maid to the center of the live room where luggage be pack and neatly pile . the maid be actually in the process of throw cover over the furniture . gittes ( indicate luggage ) be Mrs. mulwray go someplace ?... ( no answer ) on a trip ?... vacation ?... maid no esta in casa . gittes nod . he continue through the house and out back to the veranda . ext . mulwray veranda '' gittes be unsettle . see the gardener work by the pond . he wander a few yard in that direction . gardener spot gittes , half - bow , nod and smile . gittes in turn , nod , smile . gittes bad for glass . gardener break into a big grin . nod again . gardener oh yes , bad for glass . he point to the newly mown lawn . gardener ( continue ) Salt water velly bad for glass . gittes can not quite believe what he 's hear , gittes Salt water ? the gardener nod vigorously . point to the pond . gardener velly velly bad . gittes have move to the pond . he kneel . cling to the edge of it he can now see as he could have before if he would look closely , a starfish . close starfish it have one leg miss . the fifth point on the star be just beginning to grow back . gittes touches the water , taste it . he lick he lip , then spot something glint in the bottom of the pond . gittes what 's that ... down there ? the gardener peer into the pond . gittes ( continue ) ... there . the gardener spot it . he roll up he trousers , get in the pond , and reach into the bottom , he chin actually touch the water . he miss the object , which seem to scoot away like a animal . then he grasp it . he lift it out of the water and hold a pair of eye glass , rimless , bent , he finger poke through the frame where one lens be shattered . the gardener seem surprised . gittes look at the glass . they be heavily bifocal and reflect the sun . int . mulwray home gittes hold the phone to he ear . on the telephone table , lie on he handkerchief be the glass . the maid hover around over gittes ' shoulder , uneasily watch he . cross ' voice hello . gittes have you get you checkbook handy , Mr. Cross ? I have get the girl . cross ' voice you have get she ? where ? gittes do you remember the figure we discuss ? cross ' voice of course I do . where be you ? gittes at you daughter 's house . how soon can you get here ? cross ' voice two hour ... tell I , will Evelyn be there as well ? gittes either that or she will be in jail . cross ' voice what be you talk about ? gittes just bring you checkbook . gittes hang up . ext . bungalow house '' adelaide drive gittes pull up in mulwray 's buick . he hurry to the front door , pound on it . the chinese servant answer the door . chinese servant you wait . gittes ( short sentence in chinese ) you wait . gittes push past he . Evelyn , look a little wear but glad to see he hurry to the door . she take gittes ' arm . evelyn how be you ? I be call you . she look at he , search he face . gittes yeah ? they move into the live room . gittes be look around it . evelyn do you get some sleep ? gittes sure . evelyn do you have lunch ? kyo will fix you something . gittes ( abruptly ) where 's the girl ? evelyn upstair . why ? gittes I want to see she . evelyn ... she 's have a bath now ... why do you want to see she ? gittes continue to look around . he see clothes laid out for pack in a bedroom off the live room . gittes go somewhere ? evelyn yes , we have get a 4:30 train to catch . why ? gittes do not answer . he go to the phone and dial . gittes J. J. gittes for Lieutenant escobar evelyn what be you do ? what 's wrong ? I tell you we have get a 4:30 . gittes ( cut she off ) you be go to miss you train ! ( then , into phone ) Lou , meet I at 1412 adelaide . it 's above Santa monica Canyon ... yeah , soon as you can . evelyn what do you do that for ? gittes ( a moment , then ) you know any good criminal lawyer ? evelyn ( puzzle ) no ... gittes do not worry . I can recommend a couple . they be expensive but you can afford it . evelyn ( evenly but with great anger ) what the hell be this all about ? gittes look at she , then take the handkerchief out of he breast pocket . unfold it on a coffee table , revealing the bifocal glass , one lens still intact . Evelyn stare dumbly at they . gittes I find this in you backyard ... in you fish pond . they belong to you husband , do not they ?... do not they ? evelyn I do not know . I mean yes , probably . gittes yes positively . that 's where he be drown ... evelyn what be you say ? gittes there 's no time for you to be shocked by the truth , Mrs. mulwray . the coroner 's report prove he be kill in salt water . just take my word for it . now I want to know how it happen and why . I want to know before escobar get here because I want to hang onto my license . evelyn I do not know what you be talk about . this be the most insane ... the craziest thing I ever ... gittes have be in a state of near frenzy himself . get up , shake she . gittes stop it ! I will make it easy . you be jealous , you fight , he fall , hit he head . it be a accident , but he girl be a witness . you have have to pay she off . you do not have the stomach to harm she , but you have get the money to shut she up . yes or no ? evelyn ...no ... gittes who be she ? and do not give I that crap about it be you sister . you do not have a sister . Evelyn be tremble . evelyn I will tell you the truth ... gittes smile . gittes that 's good . now what 's she name ? evelyn Katherine . gittes Katherine ?... Katherine who ? evelyn she 's my daughter . gittes stare at she . he 's be charge with anger and when Evelyn say this it explode . he hit she full in the face . Evelyn stare back at he . the blow have force tear from she eye , but she make no move , not even to defend herself . gittes I say the truth ! evelyn she 's my sister . gittes slap she again . evelyn she 's my daughter . gittes slap she again . evelyn my sister . he hit she again . evelyn my daughter , my sister . he belt she finally , knock she into a cheap chinese vase which shatter and she collapse on the sofa , sobbing . gittes I say I want the truth . evelyn ( almost scream it ) she 's my sister and my daughter ! kyo come run down the stair . evelyn ( continue ; in chinese ) for God 's sake , kyo , keep she upstairs , go back ! kyo turn after stare at gittes for a moment then go back upstairs . evelyn my father and I , understand , or be it too tough for you ? gittes do not answer . evelyn ...he have a breakdown ... the dam break ... my mother die ... he become a little boy ... I be fifteen ... he would ask I what to eat for breakfast , what clothes to wear !... it happen ... then I run away ... gittes to Mexico ... she nod . evelyn hollis come and take ... care of I ... after she be bear ... he say ... he take care of she ... I could not see she ... I want to but I could not ... I just want to see she once in a while ... take care of she ... that 's all ... but I do not want she to know ... I do not want she to know ... gittes ... so that 's why you hate he ... Evelyn look slowly up at gittes . evelyn no ... for turn he back on I after it happen ! he could not face it ... ( weep ) I hate he . gittes suddenly feel the need to loosen he tie . gittes yeah ... where be you take she now ? evelyn back to Mexico . gittes you can not go by train . escobar will be look for you everywhere . evelyn how about a plane ? gittes that 's worse ... just get out of here . walk out , leave everything . evelyn I have to go home and get my thing . gittes I will take care of it . evelyn where can we go ? gittes ... where do kyo live ? evelyn with we . gittes on he day off . get the exact address . evelyn okay ... she stop suddenly . evelyn that do not belong to hollis . for a moment gittes do not know what she 's talk about . then he follow she gaze to the glass lie on he handkerchief . gittes how do you know ? evelyn he do not wear bifocal . gittes pick up the glass , stare at the lens , be momentarily lose in they . evelyn from the stair . she have she arm around Katherine . evelyn say hello to Mr. gittes , sweetheart . katherine ( from the stair ) hello . gittes rise a little shakily from the arm of the sofa . gittes hello . with she arm around the girl , talk in Spanish , Evelyn hurry she toward the bedroom . in a moment she re-emerges . evelyn ( call down ) he life at 1712 alameda ... do you know where that be ? reaction '' gittes he nod slowly . gittes sure . it 's Chinatown . thru window of bungalow gittes watch Evelyn , the girl and kyo head for kyo 's black dusty sedan . gittes drop the curtain , head swiftly to the phone . he dial . gittes Sophie ... be walsh there ?... yeah , listen , pal , escobar 's go to try and book I in about five minute ... relax , I will tell you . wait in the office for two hour . if you do not hear from I , you and duffy meet I at 1712 alameda . walsh' voice Jesus , that 's in Chinatown , be not it ? the front bell ring . gittes I know where it be ! just do it . gittes hang up and go to the door . he open it . no one be there . gittes ( not even bother to look around the side ) come on in , Lou . we be both too late . escobar and he minion appear from either side of the door . gittes look like she fly the coop . escobar nod . escobar I do not suppose you get any idea where she go ? gittes matter of fact I do . escobar where ? gittes her may 's house . I think she know something 's up . escobar what 's the may 's address ? gittes she life in pedro . I will write it down for you . escobar no , gittes , you will show we . gittes what for ? escobar if she 's not there , you be go downtown , and you be stay there till she show up . gittes ( deliberately petulant ) gee , Lou , I be do the best I can . escobar ( shove he toward the door ) tell we about it on the way to pedro . ext . san pedro '' 29 th STREET '' day a steep hill overlook part of the harbor . escobar 's unmark car pull up to a stop in front of a Spanish duplex perch on the steep hillside . escobar that 's it ? gittes yeah . escobar well , let 's go . gittes do I a favor , will you , Lou ? escobar wait . gittes ( continue ) let I bring she down myself ... she 's not armed or nothing ... she will not be any problem ... I would just like a minute alone with she ... it would mean something ... to ... she ... and to I . escobar shake he head . for a moment it look like it mean no . escobar you never learn , do you , gittes ? gittes ( a little chagrine ) I guess not . escobar give you three minute . gittes gee , thanks , Lou . gittes get out of the car , glance around , go up the stair . he look back down at escobar . gittes ring the bell . he wait . it open . it 's a woman who 's not recognizable . she 's get the remnant of a black eye . woman yes ?... gittes look past she to curly , the fisherman from the first scene . he 's seat at the dinner table with he father , he mother , and he child . curly look up in surprise . curly ( happily ) Mr. gittes ! come in , come in . gittes enter and close the door . curly rise and come over to he , greet he happily . curly gee , this be a surprise , Mr. gittes . gittes call I Jake . how be everything ? curly just sit down to supper , Jake . Care to join we ? gittes no thanks . curly how about a glass of wine ? honey , this be ... wife ( coolly ) yes , I know . gittes thanks just the same , curly . I could use a glass of water , though . come out with I to the kitchen for a second . curly ( puzzle ) sure thing . int . kitchen '' gittes and curly gittes curly , where 's you car ? curly in the garage . gittes where 's that ? curly off the alley . gittes could you drive I somewhere ? curly sure , as soon as we eat . gittes right now , curly . it can not wait . curly I will just tell my wife . gittes ( pull he out the back door ) tell she later . they head out the back door and down the step toward the garage . ext . alley and garage curly pull open the garage door . get in , start the car , back it out . it 's a old , late twenty plymouth sedan . gittes hop in . they take off . at the edge of the alley gittes look back . Pov from curly car escobar be get out of he car , move towards the duplex . gittes slip down in the seat . gittes ' voice just drive slow for a block or two , will you , curly ? curly voice what 's this all about ? gittes ' voice tell you in a couple of block . int . sedan '' gittes and curly gittes how much do you owe I , curly ? curly ( embarrassed ) oh , gee , Mr. gittes we be go out tomorrow . I know you be real good about it but my cousin auggie 's sick . gittes forget it . how would you like to pay I off by take a couple of passenger to ensenada ... you would have to leave tonight . curly I do not know ... gittes I might be able to squeeze a extra seventy - five buck out of it for you . maybe a even hundred . curly plus what I owe you ? gittes I will throw that in too . curly ( smile ) okay , you get yourself a boat . ext . mulwray home '' gittes and curly carry bag out to curly 's car . curly open the door for the maid . she get in . he turn to gittes . gittes tell Mrs. mulwray to wait for half a hour after you get there . then if I do not show , take she down to the boat . curly ( a little worried ) you sure this be okay ? gittes ( mildly indignant ) curly , you know how long I be in business . curly nod , reassure . he get in and take off . ext . mulwray home '' dusk by the pond , cigarette smoke drift into shot . a car pull up . in a moment Cross can be see , look toward camera . cross there you be . he walk toward gittes who stand by the pond , smoking . cross ( continue ) well , you do not look any the worse for wear , Mr. gittes , I must say ... where 's the girl ?... gittes I have get she . cross be she all right ? gittes she 's fine . cross where be she ? gittes with she mother . Cross ' tone alter here . cross ... with she mother ? gittes pull something out of he pocket and unfold it . gittes I would like you to look at something , Mr. Cross . cross ( take it ) what be it ? gittes a obituary column ... can you read in this light ? cross yes ... I think I can manage ... Cross dip into he coat pocket and pull out a pair of rimless glass .. he put they on , read . gittes stare at the bifocal lense as Cross continue to look through the obituary column . he look up . cross what do this mean ? gittes that you kill hollis mulwray . gittes be hold the bifocal with the break lens now . gittes right here , in this pond . you drown he ... and you leave this . Cross look at the glass . gittes ... the coroner 's report show mulwray have salt water in he lung . cross ( finally ) hollie be always fond of tide - pool . you know what he use to say about they ? gittes have not the faintest idea . cross that 's where life begin ... marsh , slough , tide -pool ... he be fascinate by they ... you know when we first come out here he figure that if you dumped water onto desert sand it would percolate down into the bedrock and stay there , instead of evaporate the way it do in most reservoir . you would lose only twenty percent instead of seventy or eighty . he make this city . gittes and that 's what you be go to do in the Valley ? ext . pond '' cross and gittes cross ( after a long moment ) no , Mr. gittes . that 's what I be do with the Valley . the bond issue pass Tuesday . there will be ten million to build a aqueduct and reservoir . I be do it . gittes there 's go to be some irate citizen when they find out they be pay for water they be not get . cross that 's all take care of . you see , Mr. gittes . either you bring the water to L.A. or you bring L.A. to the water . gittes how do you do that ? cross just incorporate the Valley into the city so the water go to L.A. after all . it 's very simple . gittes nod . gittes ( then ) how much be you worth ? cross ( shrug , then ) I have no idea . how much do you want ? gittes I want to know what you be worth . over ten million ? cross oh , my , yes . gittes then why be you do it ? how much better can you eat ? what can you buy that you can not already afford ? cross ( a long moment , then : ) the future , Mr. gittes . the future . now where 's the girl ?... I want the only daughter I have leave ... as you find out , Evelyn be lose to I a long time ago . gittes ( with sarcasm ) who do you blame for that ? her ? Cross make a funny little cock of he head . cross I do not blame myself . you see , Mr. gittes , most people never have to face the fact that at the right time and right place , they be capable of anything . take that glass from he , will you , Claude ? mulvihill move into view . extends he hand for the glass . gittes do not move . cross it 's not worth it , Mr. gittes . it 's really not worth it . gittes hand over the glass . cross take we to the girl . either Evelyn allow I to see she , or I be not averse to see Evelyn in jail . if I have to buy the jail . hollis and Evelyn keep she from I for fifteen year . it 's be too long , I be too old . ext . chinatown STREET '' night the street be crowded . here and there one can see chinese in traditional dress . gittes driving slowly , spot Katherine with Ramon and luggage , nearly lose in the crowd . they be walk toward a car park near a laundry truck . gittes see they , keep drive . cross ( suddenly ) stop the car . stop the car ! mulvihill try to clobber gittes . gittes elbow he . the car jump the curb and hit a lamppost . ext . STREET '' cross leap out of the car shouting : cross Katherine ! Katherine ! wait ! gittes be after he , grab he . Cross try to swing at gittes with he cane . mulvihill come up behind gittes and the three of they begin a awkward wrestle match , the crowd scatter , mulvihill pull he revolver , try to hit gittes on the side of the head . the three man crash to the pavement . curly start out of the car toward gittes . gittes see he . gittes no , curly , get them out of here ! get them out of here ! he bite mulvihill 's hand and furiously pound it into the sidewalk , shaking gun loose . mulvihill and gittes try for it but someone else have it . evelyn hold the gun . she 's shaking but apparently in control of herself . gittes rise to he foot . mulvihill start to help Cross up . evelyn no , do not help he . do not do anything . mulvihill do not move . Cross rise on he own . Evelyn hold the revolver on he . evelyn she 's go . it 's no good . cross where ? gittes ( move to Evelyn ) let I handle that . evelyn ( to gittes ) I be all right . gittes ( she 's not ) sure , but I would like to handle it . Evelyn back up as she father take a step toward she . cross you be go to have to kill I , Evelyn . either that or tell I where she be . Evelyn be back up . Cross move on she . Evelyn cock the pistol . cross how many year have I get ?... she 's mine too . evelyn she 's never go to know that . there 's the SOUND of a siren . Cross lunge toward she . gittes grab Cross . duffy and walsh be elbow through the crowd . gittes see they . gittes duffy , go over and sit on mulvihill . ( to walsh ) Jesus Christ , I do not tell you to bring the police department with you . walsh Jake , it 's Chinatown . they be all over the place . you oughta know better . gittes ( to walsh , meaning Cross ) gimme you key . watch this old fart , will you ? ( move to Evelyn ) take duffy 's car . curly 's boat 's in pedro , near the starkist cannery . it 's the even Star . he will be wait . I will take care of this . she look to gittes . he look at she . she turn and he look at she . she turn and escobar be stand between she and it . escobar Mrs. mulwray , you do not want to run around like that . gittes oh , Christ . escobar , you do not know what 's go on . let she go . I will explain it later . escobar Mrs. mulwray , it 's a very serious offense point that at a officer of the law . it 's a felony . gittes let she go . she do not kill anybody . escobar ( start toward she ) I be sorry , Mrs. mulwray . gittes Lou , she will kill you . let she go for now . you do not know . escobar gittes , stay outta this . escobar continue to move toward she . gittes grab he . gittes ( to Evelyn ) now take off . Evelyn get in the car . she start it . gittes let escobar go . escobar I will just have she follow . she 's not go anywhere . there 's a single gunshot . both man look surprised . down the block a uniform officer have fire , stand beside he double - park car . duffy 's sedan slow to a stop in the middle of the street . it jerk a couple of time , still in gear , then come to a halt . gittes rush to the car . he open it . Evelyn fall out , inert . blood be pour from she right eye . gittes ( yell ) no ! he hold onto Evelyn as escobar and other hurry up . Cross himself elbow through . gittes where be he ? I will kill he , I will kill the son of a bitch . several officer contain gittes . gittes ( to escobar ) who be he , get he name ? I will kill he . escobar ( badly shake ) take it easy , take it easy , it be a accident . gittes a accident ? gittes look down . what he see horrify he . Cross be on the ground , hold Evelyn 's body , cry . gittes get he away from she . he 's responsible for everything . get he away from she ! escobar ( stunne ) Jake , you be very disturb . you be crazy . that 's she father . walsh and duffy elbow through the crowd . escobar ( to they ) you wanna do you partner the biggest favor of he life ? take he home . just get he the hell out of here ! duffy bear hug the protest gittes , along with walsh , literally drag he away from the scene , with gittes try to shake free . through the crowd noise , walsh can be hear say , " forget it , Jake . it 's Chinatown . " the end