y chocolat a screenplay by Robert Nelson Jacobs ext . french town ( winter , 1959 ) - establishing - day we be look down at a village of cobblestone street and ancient timber - frame wall . ext . town square - day in the doorway of the church , , we see the comte do reynaud , 40' , the town 's resident nobleman , pale and austerely handsome in a dark vested suit - greeting townspeople enter church . when all the parishioner be inside , the comte step inside and close the door behind he . the town Square be empty and quiet . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( woman 's voice , quiet and sly ) once upon a time there be a poor little village in the french countryside , whose people believe in " tranquillité . " tranquility . int . church - later the congregation sing a hymn , dutifully . storyteller ifyou live here , you know you place in the scheme of thing . sitting in a pew together be three old widows ( madame pouget . madame rivet , and madame audel ) , sober white - haire woman who always wear the traditional black dress of the country widow . storyteller ( cont 'd ) you understand what be expect of you . caroline clairmont , play the church organ , be @ primly dress woman in she late 30 's who sing with great conviction . she glance over at : luc clairmont , caroline 's 14 - year-old son - a freckle , tense , frail boy who be silently stare down at he hymnal . storyteller ( cont 'd ) if you have anxiety , you learn to hide they . another angle reveal luc be hide a SMALL sketch pad in he hymnal and be skillfully draw a sketch of the crucifixion - except that christ face look like luc 's own freckle face . luc notice he mother look scoldingly at he - so he awkwardly join in sing , he adolescent voice crack . across the aisle from luc be yvette marceau , a robust , buxom woman whose sing be loud , lusty , off -key . yvette 's 10 - year- old son , baptiste , squirm with boredom ; yvette 's husband alphonse marceau , be asleep . storyteller ( cont would ) and if , by chance , you hope have be disappointed ... yvette glance over at she bald pudgy husband alphonse , who be drool slightly as he sleep open-mouthed ... storyteller ( cont would ) .. you learn to sing a brave song . yvette forcefully sing a high note aim towards alphonse 's ear - and she shrill off - key voice startle alphonse awake . the hymn end . up on the pulpit , pere henri , 22 , a baby - face priest , nervously begin he sermon : pere henri good morning . ( clear he throat ) the season of lent be upon we . this be , of course , a time of abstinence . hopefully also a time of reflection ... suddenly we hear wind whistling through crack in the window . this slightly unnerve pére henri . he glance at : the comte do reynaud in the front pew . the comte give pere henri a subtle nod of reassurance - and the priest continue : pere henri ( cont 'd ) above all , let this be for we a time a time of sincere penitence ... ext . " les maraud " - day the town 's marshy slum by the river tannes . with strange suddenness , the wind be become shrill and forceful ... and we discern , in the distance , two mysterious figure plodd along the riverbank - a woman and child - they face totally hide by the long hood of they medieval - ook , blood -re capuchon . ( music over : " the wind theme " ) the woman be burden by a old suitcase and a big burlap sack ; the child carry a valise . they huddle together for warmth as they trudge through the wind - whipped snow ... aerial shot of lansquenet as we ride the wind towards the town square ... ext . town square - day the wind now whip through the village , make shutter flap wildly against ancient wall . the rip awning of the abandon patisserie snap in the wind like a tatter flag . int . church - day the wind be rattling the ancient stained -glass window and whistling through crack in close door ; it 's so noisy that we hear only bit and piece of pére henti 's sermon . the young priest appear quite flustered by all the racket . storyteller ( v.0 . ) to live in this village be to respect tradition ... ina rear pew we see didi and dedou , 8 - year - old fraternal twin in match sailor suit ( sit with they parent francoise drou , a stiff , elaborately coiff woman and jean -marc drou , a man with slicked - down hair , dapper suit and pocket watch ) . didi be distract by a odd noise : the whine of a dog ? he glance back at : guillaume blerot , a shy sweet man of 70 , who awkwardly smile at didi , the black nose of a SMALL sickly old dog ( charly ) - poke out of guillaume 's overcoat and whine , upset by the howling wind . didi 's eye go wide with surprise . guillaume raise a finger to he lip - implore didi not to tattle - then nudge the dog back into he coat . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ..to mind you business ... didi 's mother ( frangoise ) sharply rap the boy on the back of the head - and he turn back around . this amuse a man across the aisle , serge muscat , 50 , a hale , ruddy - cheek , barrel - chest man with a sporty mustache . sitting next to he be he wife josephine muscat - a unkempt woman in she 30' in a ill-fitting dress , and a drab scarf around she head . joséphine be glance furtively at the OPEN handbag of a woman sit next to she . with a silent , sudden movement , joséphine snatch a gold - plate pill BOX from the handbag ... and shove it deep into the pocket of she own coat . she glance over at she husband , to make sure he do not see she do it . like @ child , joséphine seem both proud and ashamed of this little victory . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ..to know which problem could not be solve - suddenly the massive church door be blown OPEN by the wind and bang against the wall - bring pére henri 's sermon to a stammer halt . angle - looking into the church from outside the doorway as the comte de reynaud get up and calmly walk towards we . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) - and which one could . the comte slam the door on we . ext . " les maraud '' - day the harsh wind rattles the small , dilapidate house of Les marauds , as the shroud woman and child continue trudging along . ext . a old , rundown , shutter house - day the twa figure enter the fence - in front yard ; a few chicken scamper out of they way . the woman knock on the front door . no one answer . the shroud child ( shiver against the wind ) poor pantoufle ... he 's freezing , maman . the shroud woman tentatively try the door ... and find that it 's unlock ... int . live room in the house - day armande voizin , 69 , in a fade housecoat and fall stocking , doze in she chair with a book of rimbaud 's poetry . adead cigarette , with a half - inch of ash at its tip , dangle from she lip . a cat lap up yogurt from a bowl . suddenly the cat snarl in alarm . armande be startle awake , and the ash fall from she cigarette . armande fumble to put on she thick eyeglasses - and gasp in alarm when she sees : the two figure ( still fully shroud by they red capuchon ) warming they wind - coarsen hand at the fireplace . the shroud woman ( calmly ) sorry to frighten you . armande who the hell be you ?! the shroud woman pull back she hood : we first look at vianne rocher , a strike young woman with a wild dark mane of hair , a confident smile , and a startlingly direct gaze . vianne I be here about the patisserie . armande glare skeptically at vianne . vianne ( cont 'd ) I would like to rent it . and the apartment above . armande where be you from ? vianne ( matter -of -factly ) well , we live in andafucia for awhile ... and before that , tubingen ... and before that , let I see - the shroud child pull back she hood : anouk , 8 , be a flush - face girl with the same strong , candid gaze as she mother . anouk - before that , pavia . 1 detest it there . so do pantoufle . detested it . vianne ( explain to armande ) pantoufle be she kangaroo . anouk ( to armande ) only he can not hop . vianne ( confidentially to armande} bad leg . War injury . armande be stare incredulously at anouk and vianne . anouk ( to armande ) anyhow , he detest it , because the water make he sick . {confidentially ) tummy trouble . diarrhea . armande keep stare at they ... anouk ( cont 'd ) so , how 's the water around here ? int . downstair in the patisserie - day OPEN on : intermittent spurt of brown -orange water come from a faucet . wider angle - the patisserie vianne shut off the faucet . she survey shelf full of cobweb and rat dropping . anouk write she name in the dust on a glass display counter . armande finish count money that vianne have just give she . armande {sternly ) I will expect you to keep the place in good condition . vianne react with deadpan incredulity . armande , walk with she cane , exit from the shop . ext . chocolaterie - day armande walk away from the shop , stil ! with a stern look on she face ... but now we detect a slight glimmer of amusement in she eye . int . bedroom - night vianne unpack she big suitcase ; in addition to clothes , she take out a array of ancient guatemalan artifact : - @ decorative tile of * el-chuah , " the mayan patron Saint of cacao , grind cacao bean with a primitive tool - a woodcutting show a mayan King drink chocolate from a hollow - out gourd - a BOWL depict the four Maya wind god tilting they head over cacao pod - the " wheel / plate " object and , with particular care , vianne take out a clay urn with a cacao tree design . vianne gaze reverently at the urn and set it on the bedside table . anouk emerge from a crawl space under the stair - a dark , cramped recess that go back several foot - and proceed to '' furnish '' it , bring in a cherish , ratty old blanket and a batter little frame picture of a pirate ship . vianne casually lay out the dried , molten skin of a snake on the window sill , hang a sachet of dried herb over the doorway , and place stick of sandalwood under the pillow of the bed . anouk {re : crawl space ) need a door . vianne unpack a large woven tapestry with a with a colorful mayan design and begin to hang it as a curtain over the craw ! space . anouk glance out the window at the town square ... anouk ( cont 'd ) what a nice town this be . ( fishing for reassurance ) do not you think so , maman ? vianne yes it 's lovely . it 's a lovely town , anouk be anxiously chewing on strand of her own hair , a nervous habit . anouk maman ? pantoufle want to know how long we can stay . vanne ( breezily ) oh , teil pantoufle not to worry . ( a beat ) time for bed . vianne sit down on the bed , and pat the pillow next to she : vianne ( cont 'd ) come on . anouk hop up into bed , snuggling up next to she mother . vianne ( cont 'd ) what story tonight ? anouk pantoufle want to hear about grandmére and grandpére . vianne not tonight . anouk you always say that . vianne how about the Tale of the yellow dwarf - anouk pantoufle detest make - up storey . tell about grandmére and grandpére . vianne uneasily eye the mayan urn on the table . wanne not tonight , sweetie . int . patisserie - day vianne , on she knee scrubbing , look tired and dishevel . anouk also have a scrub-brush , but she 's pretend it 's a ship , and use a hair barrette as the ship 's " cannon " : anouk prepare to fire ! ( do a different voice : ) aye -aye , mon capitaine ! all hand astern ! ( whisper , aside to vianne ) that 's you , maman . vianne smile tiredly and continue scrubbing the floor . anouk ( cont would ) ready , aim - FIRE ! anouk launch the barrette across the room , and it land on : aman' shiny black shoe and now reveal that the shoe be on the foot of the comte do reynaud ; vianne and anouk be startle to see he in the open doorway , a somber figure in he dark overcoat . comte do reynaud forgive the intrusion . vianne please come in . oo the comte step inside . anouk ( be : he shoe ) sorry , monsieur . pirate attack . comte do reynaud ( gently ) of course . what 's you name ? anouk anouk . what 's yours . the comte kneel dawn beside anouk and hand she the barrette with a courtly flourish . comte do reynaud the comte de reynaud , at you service . anouk ( excitedly ) areal one ? like the comte de monte cristo ? comte do reynaud ( thin smile ) he be not a real one . vianne ( amused ) to what do we owe the honor of you visit ? comte do reynaud as Mayor of lansquenet , ! want to welcome you to we community and invite you to worship at mass this Sunday . vianne that 's very kind of you . but actually we do not attend . the comte be throw off by this . vianne ( cont would ) ( amiably ) we be glad to be so near the church , though . we will enjoy sing with the bell - will not we , nou - nou ? anouk ( to the comte ) would you like I to sing " sur le pont d'avignon '' - comte do reynaud ( to vianne ) the bell be not intend to entertain , madame . they be a solemn call to - vianne Mademoiselle . comte do reynaud pardon ? vianne ( cheerful , unapologetic ) Mademoiselle . { I have never be marry . he be take aback . his disapprove gaze flick back and forth between vianne and she illegitimate daughter . vianne ( cont would ) but feel free to cali I vianne . | do hope you will stop by when open for business next week . the comte study vianne as if measure a opponent . anouk , sense tension , idly start chew on strand of she hair . comte do reynaud open a patisserie during the Holy lenten fast ... one could imagine better timing . vianne ( smile ) oh but monsieur le comte - it 's not go to be a patisserie . comte do reynaud then may | ask - vianne it 's a surprise . vianne extend she wet grimy hand to the comte . he hesitates ... then shake it gingerly . vianne ( cont would ) it be sweet of you to drop by . ext . town square - day the comte walk with a dignify air , tipping he hat to townspeople who respectfully greet he with " bonjour , monsieur fe comte . " ( his dark suit and fedora hat contrast with the workday clothes and casquette of the townspeople . ) in front of the town hall be a statue of a 17th century noble . the comte be about to enter town Hall - but notice the statue have icicle hanging from its nose . the comte reach up to gently flick the icicle off the statue 's nose . int . town hall - mayor' office - later the comte sit in he second - story office , among musty historical tome , map , document ; and a photo of the comtesse do reynaud , a dignify , handsome woman of 40 . the comte be write in a antique manuscript book , label : " lansquenet historical project . " ( through the door we hear a o.s. typewriter . ) a uneaten croissant with marmalade sit on he desk , spotlighted by a lamp . the comte glance at the slisten croissant , regard it with yearn - but he do not eat . instead he force himself to write . int . town hall - a adjoining office - same caroline ( the woman who play the church organ ) be typing , refer to a handwritten page . on she desk be a photo of she son luc , smile forlornly . as she work , caroline 's eye fill with tear - but she purse she lip bravely and keep type . the comte emerge from he office , manuscript book in hand : comte do reynaud have complete the 18th century . he start to hand she the manuscript - and notice she tear . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) Madame Clairmont ...? reynaud stand there awkwardly , not know how to deal with this display of emotion . caroline you letter to the editor , monsieur le comte . this paragraph about family and tradition ... ( indicate handwritten page from which she 's be type ) it 's beautiful . comte do reynaud ( surprised , flatter ) oh ... well ... reynaud start to sit down on the desk - but that feel too informal to he , so he stiffly stand up again . caroline ( dab she tear , smile ) forgive I . | must be get old . comte do reynaud no no . {... value you ... caroline , look @ bit embarrassed , resume type . the comte glance out the window and sees : two NORTH african men unload crate . vianne come out of the patisserie and greet the North african with a hug . she make some wisecrack , and they share a laugh . comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) rf ( to caroline ) May | ask ... if you have have any contact with you mother lately ? caroline ( surprised , wary ) why ? comte do reynaud it seem she have rent out the patisserie . caroline oh . well , | have not talk to my mother in quite awhile - comte do reynaud I be sorry , | do not mean to pry - caroline do not be silly . 1 have no secret from you . she smile . he smile too : nervously , a bit throw off by the flicker of warmth between they . they hold each other 's saze for just a split-second too long ... caroline ( cont would ) nclear she throat ) how be the comtesse enjoy Venice ? comte do reynaud the comtesse . Fine , thank you . she be , yes . enjoy it . Venice , 1 mean . | sot a letter just yesterday - excellent letter , very descriptive . | miss she . her sister have the flu , actually . caroline oh that 's a shame - comte do reynaud - yes , mm -hm , so they have not be to the museum yet , actually . he fumble with the book in he hand , put it on she desk : comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) if you could have this do by next week , please ? caroline certainly . he turn and hurry back into he office . after a moment , caroline dutifully resume type . montage : ext . patisserie - afternoon guillaume ( the shy , sweet old man ) walk he dog charly . the sickly ald dog stop to sniff around the edge of the patisserie 's door . guillaume gently tug charly 's leash , pull he away from the door . ext . town square - day two women pushing baby carriage glance across the Square and see anouk steadying a stepladder on which vianne be stand ; vianne be take down the patisserie 's old , break sign . anouk notice the two woman jook she way - and they avert they eye . ext . town square - evening boy in they early teens be play roulette de vélo : roll a old bicycle tire up and town the street , each team try to push the tire past the opposite goal - line . as the tire go past vianne 's shop , a couple of the boy pause to glance in through a little rip in the newspaper cover vianne 's shop window : the boy ' p.0.v .: vianne and anouk inside , scrubbing copper pot . ext . town square - night vianne step out of the patisserie and throw a pail of sudsy water out into the street . across the Square , curtain in 2 window part slightly , and a biack - clad old widow ( whom we will come to know as madame pouget ) peer out at vianne with dubious curiosity . when vianne glance up in she direction , the curtain instantly close . ext . patisserie - day didi and dedou ( the twin ) walk home from school with they bookbag . the twin peek into the shop through the edge of the newspaper - cover window : the twins 's p.0.v. : vianne clean a ancient - looking stone bar in the kitchen . ext , town square - day a group of elderly townspeople be stand close together on the street , talk among themselves and try to peer into the patisserie . the comte do reynaud happen by - and the group disperse . ext . patisserie - night josephine ( the unkempt , mistrustful - look woman with the scarf around she head ) hurry down the street with a baguette . see the patisserie 's door slightly ajar , she peer in with wary curiosity -- and see vianne grind a huge dry chili pepper in a old - fashioned mortar-and - pestle . vianne , sense someone watch she , turn toward the door - and joséphine quickly hurry away . ext . town square - morning the comte do reynaud be head across the Square toward the town hail - when he notice movement inside vianne 's shop . he step over towards she shop and squint in through the newspaper - cover window : reynaud p.0.v .: the drab wall have be repaint bright coral ; vianne be dip a pastry brush into a red-brown liquid in the mortar-and - pestle , then use the brush to paint a decorative design on the wall - a repeat pattern with the primitive simplicity of a cave painting . ext . patisserie - night serge muscat ( the hale , barrel - chest man ) and jean-marc drou ( the dapper man ) , both drunk , swagger down the street singing " chevalier de la table ronde " - and stop to glance at the patisserie with bleary curiosity . serge {heard she be some kind of radical , jean-marc | hear she might have a criminal record . serge | hear she 's get the " marseillaise '' tattooe on she ass . Jean -marc , stupefy , look at serge ... then they both burst out laugh . end montage . ext . town square - day the boy be play they usual game of roulette de vélo . ext . chocolaterie - day for the first time , vanne remove the covering from the inside of she shop window . yette ( the robust , buxom woman ) be riding by on @ motor scooter - but come to a abrupt stop , awestruck by the dazzling display of chic confection in the window : praline , venus 's nipple , truffle , marzipan roll , mendiant , candy rise - petal , sugare violet ... a sign read : chocolaterie '' maya " now caroline and luc ( caroline 's tense , frail 14 - year - old son ) walk by - and stop to look at the amazing display . now the shop door open , revealing vianne and anouk in bright red smock ( in contrast to the drab-color clothes of the townspeople ) . some boy from the roulette de vélo game come run by , and they attention be catch by the dazzle candy display - cause they to momentarily forget about the bicycle wheel , which now roll smack into caroline , knock she off balance . boy # 1 rush to retrieve the bicycle wheel . vianne ocome outside ; to caroline . ) be you alright ? caroline ( to Boy # 1 ) you should be more careful ! boy # 1 ntry to hide he amusement ) sorry . they watch the smirk Boy run off with the wheel . vianne why do not you come in and sit down for a minute ? caroline ( firmly , to vianne ) please do not trouble yourself - vianne no trouble at ail . I be vianne rocher . caroline shake vianne 's hand in the formal french fashion : caroline caroline Clairmont , the daughter of you landlady . this be my son luc . lue shyly shake vianne 's hand , not look she in the eye . vianne and this be my anouk. {then , see that caroline be unsteady ) please - come in where it be warm . caroline reluctantly allow vianne to iead luc into the shop . yvette also follow the other in ... int . patisserie - a short time later OPEN close : a steaming pot of hot chocolate which vianne be prepare . wider shot - in the patisserie the wail be paint coral and red , and decorate with vianne 's primitive hand - drawn design . vianne 's mayan artifact be prominently display : the Maya King drink chocolate ... the wind god ... " El - chuah " &rinding cacao ... and the " wheel / plate object . " there be bar stool at the counter , and a little sign in florid calligraphy : " gateau au chocolat 10f ( fa tranche ) . " luc sit at the counter , on one of several bar stool , with caroline stand next to he . vianne be prepare the hot chocolate . yvette be marvel the strange decor . vanne {to caroline ) ts she plan on drop in ? caroline who ? wanne you mother . caroline | would not know . we never speak . vianne how sad . caroline only for she . vanne ( set cup in front of caroline ) try this . it will help prevent a bruise . | bet you have never have hot chocolate make from undilute cocoa liquor . a two - thousand - year - old recipe . ywette ( indicate something 0.s . ) what 's this ? vianne turn and sees that yvette be point to : the " wheel / plate object . " { caroline push the hot chocoloate away from she , without taste it . ) anouk give the " wheel / plate object " a playful spin . anouk ( to yvette ) what do you see , madame ? ywette pardon ? vianne what do it look like to you ? just say the first thing that come into you mind . ywette | do not know . a... woman riding a wild horse ? vianne whistle as if to say : be not you a hot number . yette ( cont 'd ) ( embarrassed ) silly answer ? vianne there be no silly answer . vianne offer a triangular chocolate to yvette : vianne ( cont 'd ) the pepper triangle , that 's for you . a recipe little - know in this hemisphere - a tiny hint of chili pepper to play against the sweetness . tangy , adventurous . yvette | really should not ... vianne {a wry whisper ) | think you should . wette glance awkwardly at caroline ... then take a taste of the pepper triangle , which surprise and delight she . yette ( to vianne , a compliment : ) you be a evil woman . anouk spin the wheel / plate ojbect again : anouk ( to luc ) what do you see ? lue me? ( study the ojbect ) a giob of tar . like you see on the beach at marseille . vianne consider this . vianne very dark , very bitter chocolate - that 's you favorite . luc be surprised : how do she know ? vianne start to hand luc a piece of very dark chocolate - but caroline stop she : caroline - which will have to wait five week more , thank you . lent . vianne ( shrug ) suit yourself . caroline take luc 's hand , as if he be a small child , and start lead he to the door . caroline we must run along . ( formally , to vianne ) Nice to have meet you . caroline pause at the door to wrap luc 's long wool scarf more securely around he neck . vianne ( watch caroline fuss with luc 's scarf ) mm-hm . my pleasure . caroline lead luc outside by the hand . anouk ( to thin air : ) come on , pantoufle . let 's play pirate . anouk run upstairs , bark out nautical command . wette how much be the chili thingy ? vianne four-fifty a box . ywette could you put a ribbon on it ? ( a rueful laugh ) then at feast | can pretend my husband give it to I . as vianne put the candy in a box with a red ribbon , she notice outside : josephine gaze darkly through the window . ywette ( cont would ) ( to vianne , a warning . ) joséphine muscat . vianne smile at joséphine - who avert she eye and hurry away . wette ( cont would ) she waltze to she own tune . vianne hand yvette she box candy - and also a clear packet of cacaq bean nibs : wanne and this be for you husband . yette ( puzzle ) what ? vianne unrefine cocoa nib from Guatemala . ( significantly ) to awaken the passion . ywette p#f ! you have obviously never meet my husband . vianne you have obviously never try this . yvette , intrigue in spite of herself , look at the packet . int . cafe do LA republique - day serge muscat be wiping off table in this empty rundown café . the door open , and in walk the comte do reynaud . serge nervously straighten up , suddenly on best behavior : serge monsieur le comte - what a nice surprise . would you care for a - comte do reynaud nothing , thank you . how be joséphine enjoy the vacuum cleaner ? serge oh yes , monsieur le comte , she like it very very much , just yesterday she say how kind you be to remember we anniversary . a beat of silence . the comte flick a speck of lint from he vest . serge fidget apprehensively , smoothing down he cafetier 's apron . then : serge ( cont 'd ) nblurt it out ) look , | know I be two month behind - but I be sure business will pick up in the spring - comte do reynaud tell I , serge , be you work to the best of you ability ? serge look at he warily . then : serge yes . the comite give serge a charitable , paternal smile . comte do reynaud my father always look after you father , do he not ? just as | look after you . you will make up the rent when you be able , will not you serge . serge 's eye grow moist with gratitude : serge on my honor , monsieur fe comte - comte do reynaud live righteously , and you have nothing to fear from I . that be a promise . serge God bless you , monsieur le comte ! God bless you !!! serge impulsively embrace the comte and vehemently kiss he on both cheek . the comte pull back . serge ( cont 'd ) sorry , 1 ... sorry . ( embarrassed , clear he throat} !s the comtesse have a pleasant journey with she mother ? comte do reynaud her sister . serge oh. | think you say - comte do reynaud ( irritate with serge ) her sister . she be with she sister . in Venice . viewing sacred art . serge ( chasten ) of course , monsieur le comte . the comte exit . serge wipe a bead of sweat from he brow . ext . chocolaterie - late afternoon the shop be close ; vianne be outside cranking up the awning . ( through the window we see anouk inside , run up and down the stair , racing against the imaginary pantoufle . ) suddenly vianne be startle by the reflection of the comte do reynaud on the window . she turn and see he stand right behind she . comte do reynaud you tell I you would not be sell sweet . vianne ( smile coolly ) | tell you it would not be a patisserie . it 's not . he peer into the window at the large mayan bow ! , which cast a eerie shadow in the darken shop . comte do reynaud what be that ? vianne interesting piece , be not it ? it 's all about the sacredness of chocolate . see this four wind god ? they be infuse cocoa pod with they divine blood - the comte react with obvious disapproval . vianne ( cont 'd ) | should think you would be fascinate . the Maya drank cocoa in they ceremony - same as the wine in you Holy Communion - comte do reynaud this pagan idolatry have nothing to do with the sacrament of Holy Communion ! Madame , you - vianne Mademoiselle . but | do wish you would call I vianne - comte do reynaud enough ! vianne be a bit startle by he vehemence . through the window , we see anouk stop run on the stair . sense trouble , she watch vianne and the comte through the glass . vianne ( quiet , conciliatory ) | mean no disrespect . honestly | do not . ( be : mayan bow ! ) I be just show you that maybe we have something in common . the comte turn on he heel and stride off , leave vianne a bit unsettle . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - minute later we be with anouk , inside she cramped crawl space . now the partially - open curtain stir slightly as vianne enter the bedroom and stoically busy herself with tidy up the room . anouk be we go to have to move again , maman ? with vianne who turn and see anouk's face , partially obscure by the curtain . it pain vianne to see anouk 's anxiety . vianne go to the curtain and kneel down ; she try to think of something to say , something wise and comforting ... but instead she just reach through the curtain and caress anouk 's cheek , omitted int . marceau barn - dusk wette and she 10 - year- old son baptiste milk cow in silence . yvette look moody and distract . after a moment : baptiste get too old . drying up . ywette ( look up , troubled ) what do you say ? baptiste {re : cow ) Sophie - she 's not give much milk . ( yawn , get up ) ' night . baptiste leave the barn . ext . marceau farm - outside the barn - dusk baptiste walk with a pail of milk towards the farmhouse . int , farmhouse kitchen - dusk alphonse sit dozing open-mouthed by the radio ( which play Charles trenet 's " que reste-t - il De nos amour . " ) baptiste enter and put down the milk pail on a counter . he walk past alphonse - and mischievously turn the radio up full blast and hurry upstairs . alphonse wake up just enough to turn down the radio ... then drift back to stupid , open-mouthed sleep . int , farmhouse kitchen - dusk yvette enter , alone and miserable . she see alphonse sleep open- mouth by the radio . on the counter she see the clear packet of cacao bean nibs that vianne give she . yvette stare at the nib , wonder ... then shake she head , murmure to herself : yvette do not be pathetic . she toss the packet towards the trash can as she jeave the kitchen . but we see what she do not : the packet bounce off the lip of the trash can and land on the kitchen floor ... ext . caroline's house - dusk in the cobblestone street in front of the house , boy be play football ( soccer ) . int . the house - luc' bedroom - dusk the wail display luc 's morbid drawing : goat carcass , graveyard , decapitate soldier , etc . at the moment , luc be draw a study base on a magazine photo : a terrify algerian be prodd at rifle- point by a french soldier . from autside come the sound of boy shout . luc peer out he window , and forlornly watch the boy at play . caroline step into he room , hold a math workbook . caroline you have get a tiny error in Problem six - she stop short , see he gaze out at the play boy . he turn to face she , he eye sparkling with frustration . avery small amount of blood begin trickling from he nose . annoy , he wipe at it with he hand . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( anxious ) oh ! caroline rush to he and compress a handkerchief against he nose . luc ( a bit embarrassed ) it 's nothing , ( take away handerchief ) | think it 's already stop . but she worriedly press the handkerchief back against he nose . he sigh and glance at the math workbook : luc ( cont 'd ) ( uncomfortably ) mother ? the new teacher want we to correct we own mistake - caroline | do not tell you how to correct the mistake , dear . | just tell you that you make one . caroline notice that one of the button on luc 's sweater be undone ; she button it and give it a motherly little pat . from outside come a raucous cheer from the boy . ext . STREET qutside the house - dusk across the street from caroline 's house , apart from the play boy , a solitary figure stand in the shadow : it 's armande , hold herself upright with she cane , she eye tired and sad as she silently stare up at luc 's window ... int . farmhouse kitchen - dusk alphonse , sit by the radio , now stir awake . his stomach growls . he rub he gut hungrily . he get up and look in the cupboard , but nothing interest he . then he spot the packet of cacao bean nibs on the floor ... curious , he pick it up . he pop a nib in he mouth - and be surprised by its bitterness : alphonse merde ! but he keep chew , intrigue . he pop another in he mouth . and another ... int . farmhouse - upstair bathroom - later yvette be on she hand and knee scrubbing the toilet , she face tired and grim . another angle reveal alphonse stand in the doorway , unseen by yvette , he gaze rivete on she slightly sway ass as she scrub . alphonse yette . she wearily glance back at he ... and be astonished to see the look of smolder desire in he eye . ext . farmhouse - dusk we be jook up at the bathroom window , where we see yvette and alphonse by the window , in the throes of passion . yette fumble with the shutter and manage to pull it close - abruptly cut off we view of she and alphonse . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night the camera be panning past various object in the bedroom . vianne ( a strange , agitate murmur ) good. like it . she like it here . why should not she ? camera keep slowly panning . vianne ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's good here . he do not scare I , why should he ? camera now pan past anouk - who be fast asleep in the bed . vianne ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) | should be flatter : a nobleman this time ! right ? we hear vianne laugh - but she tone be thin and mirthless . vianne ( 0.5 . ) ( cont 'd ) see he type . many time . panning camera now find and hold on vianne - and we see that she 's talk to the ancient mayan urn . vianne ( cont 'd ) many time . many town . many time . right ? so I be ready . this time I be ready . we see the anxiety in vianne 's eye . vianne ( cont 'd ) so it 's good . it 's good here . it 's good . ext . chateau do reynaud - sunrise a SMALL 17th century chateau out of a fairy tale : russet-tile roof , Renaissance tower , fanciful sculpt detail . but the wall be rust-stain , the sculpting weathered . int . the comte do reynaud library - same the comte ( in a old velvet robe ) sit at a desk , pen revision on a type manuscript . on the table be a formal wedding photo of he and the comtesse de reynaud , the housekeeper madame rivet ( one of the biack - clad widow } enter and set down a tray in front of the comte : coffee and baguette with jam . his eye momentarily wander to the food ... then he resume write . madame rivet not hungry , monsieur le comte ? comte do reynaud the lenten fast , Madame rivet . madame rivet ( deferential ) but ... well ... be you not suppose to eat something ? he give she a irritable glance . Madame rivet obediently pick up the tray . comte do reynaud no , it 's alright , leave it . Madame rivet , very confuse , put the tray back down , curtsy and hurriedly leave the room . reynaud put down he fountain pen and stare intensely at the glisten jam . he lean forward and inhale its scent - it make he dizzy with desire - but he do not eat . he pick up he pen and start write again . int . chocolaterie - morning josephine muscat warily enter . the shop seem to be empty . she eye the candy ... then furtively snatch a silver candy packet and slip it into she coat . vianne emerge from the kitchen with a tray of candy . vianne ( warmly ) May | help you , madame ? joséphine pretend to be surveying the display price . josephine ( mutter , barely audible ) expensive . | do not waste money . vianne { have a knack for guess people 's favorite . vianne reach under the counter and bring out a silver candy packet - identical to the one joséphine shoplift . joséphine look at it with veile panic . vianne ( cont would ) this be you favorite , be | right ? joséphine eye she suspiciously : what kind of trick be this ? vianne push the packet across the counter to joséphine : vianne ( cont would ) on the house . joséphine do not take the packet ; she abruptly turn and shuffles out of the shop , mutter to herself . ext . chocolaterie - day as joséphine exit , avoid eye contact with the three old black -clad widows who be pass by vianne 's window . the widow stop to look at the surprising window display . madame pouget ( disapprovingly ) well , this certainly be different . madame audel ( intrigue by the display , but try not to show it ) it ... certainly be . madame rivet out of business in six month . Madame pouget and Madame rivet share a know nod . now guillaume happen by with he sickly old dog charly , who suddenly hop up to greet Madame audel , lick the back of she shoe ( or put he paw up on she skirt ? ) . guillaume I be so sorry - Madame audel , catch off -guard , turn and re-adjust she drab black skirt - and we catch a glimpse of a bright pink slip underneath . she 's flustered to see guillaume : madame audel oh. ( shyly ) bonjour , monsieur blerot . guillaume {equally shy ) bonjour Madame audel . they make momentary eye contact - then both look away . the other two widow take Madame audel 's arm and , with a air of solidarity , escort she off down the street . guillaume , a little wistfully , watch Madame audel go off ... then he hesitantly turn toward the doorway of the shop . int . chocolaterie - day vianne see guillaume , with charly , hover uncertainly in the doorway . vianne come in , monsieur , come in . guillaume be ambivalent . he 's about to turn away - when vianne get a " Chat croquant " ( a wafer shape like a cat ) from under the counter and kneel down to entice the dog . vianne ( cont 'd ) come on , boy . get something for you . the old dog , sniff the air , pull weakly on he leash . guillaume reluctantly allow the dog to lead he inside . vianne feed the Chat croquant to charly : vianne ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? guillaume charly . he 's 14 . that 's 98 in people year . vianne J mean you name . guillaume oh. guillaume blerot . guillaume watch he dog enjoy the wafer . guillaume ( cont 'd ) ( to vianne ) you be very kind . he have so few pleasure leave . vianne would you care to buy something special for you lady friend ? guillaume ( confuse ) Lady friend ...? vianne the lovely woman you dog be so fond of . ( confidentially ) her favorite be chocolate seashell - that 's my guess . guillaume ( awkwardly ) oh ... |... must not . you see ... Madame aude ! be in mourn for she husband . vianne oh I be sorry . when do he pass away ? guillaume the war. german grenade . vianne but ... it 's be 15 year since the War . surely by now - guillaume not that war . monsieur audel be kill on January 12th , 1917 . ( earnestly ) it be quite a blow to Madame audel . vianne ( a beat ) apparently so . int . beauty shop - day francoise drou ( wife of Jean -marc , mother of didi and dédou ) cut madame audel 's hair . the two women with baby carriage sit under hair dryer ( gently push they carriage back and forth , even as they sit have they hair dry . ) the comte enter , doffing he fedora . he speak loudly to be hear over the din of the hair dryer : comte do reynaud bonjour , mesdame . francoise and madame audel bonjour , monsieur le comte . francoise promptly hand the comte a envelope of money . comte do reynaud ! wish all my tenant be as reliable as you , Madame drou . francoise how be the comtesse enjoy Italy ? comte do reynaud she ... may be extend the trip . fran«oise ( a bit awkwardly ) ah. how nice . as the comte turn to leave , francoise and Madame audel exchange a ever-so-siight , raise - eyebrow glance , then the comte turn towards they again , with a afterthought : comte do reynaud by the way , have either of you see the new shop across the square ? just now Madame audel glimpsis guillaume ( walk charly ) walk past the window . he sive she a shy , polite smile . madame audel ( smile ; distractedly ) the chocolaterie ? why , yes - comte do reynaud shameless , be not it ? Madame audel 's smile turn awkward : madame audel ( to the comte ) what ? outside , guillaume continue he stroll , walk out of view . comte do reynaud the sheer nerve of the woman - the two woman with baby carriage , sense a bit of gossip in the off , turn off there hairdry so they can listen in . comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) ( lower he voice , now that hairdry be off ) the sheer nerve of the woman - open a chocolaterie just in time for lent . and good lard , that pagan idol all over the place ... the woman with carriage exchange a look of pious indignation . madame audel pagan idol . ( uncertainly ) yes , yes , it do seem inappropriate - comte do reynaud the woman be brazen . ( confidentially ) my heart go out to that illegitimate child of hers . Madame audel be surprised by this information . the comte nod gravely , as if to say : " yes , it 's true . " the woman with carriage share a look of offended propriety . ext . church - day pere henri , the baby - face priest , be use @ broom to sweep snow off the church step , singing while he work : pere henri ... you be not nothin ' but a hound dog , cryin’ all the time . you be not nothin ' but a hound dog — _and you be not no friend of mine . " the comte do reynaud approach - not yet see by pére henri . the comte gravely watch the young priest . pere henri ( cont would ) " you say you be high class , but that be just a lie , yeah you say you be high class , _but that be just a lie . pére henri swivel he hip slightly - a very tame elvis - and sing into the broom as if it be a microphone : pere henri ( cont would ) you be not nothin 's but a hound dog — _ and you be not no friend of mine ... " o~ the comte loudly clear he throat - and pére henri , alarmed to see he , instantly fail silent . comte do reynaud a new addition to the liturgy ? pere henri nembarrass ) ! have a weakness for american music , monsieur le comte . comte do reynaud a weakness . the young priest do not know what to say . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) how long have you be with we now , pere henri ? pere henri it will be five week - comte do reynaud pére Michel serve this village for five decade ... pere henri ( uneasily ) yes , well , | only pray that ! can live up to pére Michel 's example of - comte do reynaud my prayer exactly . pére henri swallow hard . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) | glance at you sermon , as you request . the comte pull out the manuscript we see he work on . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) thad some suggestion . pére henri take the manuscript - and be mortify to see that it 's absolutely cover with handwritten revision . pere henri you be ... very kind , comte do reynaud happy to help , mon pére. ( turn to go , but then : - oh and one other thing . pére henri look at he with thinly - veile dread . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) / for you have not see the new chocolaterie , | suggest you take a look . you would best know you enemy . pére henri react with surprise and confusion . int . chocolaterie - day anouk , freshly groom and hold she schoo ! bookbag , be allow vianne to straighten the collar of she blouse . through the window anouk sees didi and dedou on they way to school - and she impulsively head for the door : anouk ' bye , maman ! vianne where 's my kiss ?! anouk hurry back to vianne , who lower she cheek into position for a kiss - and anouk playfully lick she mother 's cheek . vianne be suprise and amused . anouk race back to the door - - and almost run into armande , who be now enter ( walk with she cane . ) armande watch where you be - anouk bonjour , Madame voizin ! ina flash anouk be go . armande walk inside , see vianne behind the counter . armande ( look around ) what 's the decor - early mexican brothel ? armande try to sit down on one of the high stool at the counter ; it 's a struggle for she . vianne hurry over to help ~ but armande swat vianne away . armande ( cont would ) if T need help | ask for it ! with difficulty armande get onto the stool by herself . vienne give the " wheel / plate object " a spin : vanne what do you see in it ? armande not a damn thing . vianne come on , it 's a game - what do you see ? armande | see a cranky old woman too tired to play game . vianne consider this . vianne I have get just the thing for you . vianne pour a cup of hot chocolate . armande glance back at the door where anouk almost run into she . armande that little girl of yours ... do she mind it ? vianne mind what ? armande ( ' be not it obvious ? " ) well the way you move she from place to place . vianne ( a bit uneasy ) oh |... she 's do fine . | think it 's good for she . see new place , meeting new people ... vianne add a small amount of coarse - looking powder to the hot chocolate . armande you cinnamon look rancid . vianne it 's not cinnamon . it 's a special kind of chili pepper - armande chili pepper ?! in hot chocolate ? vianne finish off the concoction with créme chantilly , then slide it towards armande , vianne it will give you a lift . armande skeptically sniff it . intrigue , she take a sip . armande tastes like ... | do not know ... something | must have taste a long time ago . ( take another sip ) yes ... | think when | be a girl ... ext . schoolyard - day anouk be in a fight with didi and dedou . she kick and punch wildly - bewilder the two boy with she ferocity . other kid be cheering , hissing , etc . madame pouget hurry over to break it up , blowing her whistle . she grab anouk by the ear . madame pouget in this schoo ! we be civilized . we do not strike one another . anouk they insulted pantoufle ! Madame pouget be pulling anouk by the ear to the schoolhouse . anouk ( cont 'd ) oww ! madame pouget didi , dédou - come along . the twin sheepishly follow . int . classroom - a short time later in the empty classroom , anouk , didi and dédou have be put " au piquet " : kneel in silence with forehead press against the wall , hand on they head . after a moment : dedou ( whisper ) my mother say you do not have a father . anouk ( whisper ) ) sure | do. {matter of fact ) we just do not know who he be . dédou nod , as if that explain it perfectly . anouk ( cont 'd ) ( with pride ) 1 be unusual . int . chocolaterie - day armande , hot chocolate in hand , be gleefully reminisc : armande | be out all night with he . we swim naked in the tannes . at dawn , when for slip back in the house , into my bed - my mother poke she head in and say '' wake up , sleepyhead ! " she have no idea I would be go ! armande burst out laugh . vianne laugh too , charme by armande 's spirit . then armande notice pere henri outside , peer into the shop . her laughter peter out ; she give he a defiant '' what 's - your-problem ? " glare . he smile awkwardly and nod helio , then continue on down the street . armande ( cont 'd ) {re : hot chocolate ) you sure you do not put booze in here ? vianne something better . armande you ought to give some to my daughter . melt that chilly disposition of hers . vianne you and caroline have a problem ? armande smile bitterly . armande do we have a problem ? she will not let I see my grandson ! i'm cut off from he . vianne why - armande I be a " bad influence . " because | do not like she treat he like a train poodle , | swear that boy do not make piss without she permission . armande shake she head disgustedly . armande ( cont would ) ever since she husband die , she 's be so ... the way she fret and fuss over that boy . if she no just let he run , let he breathe - let he live ! she 's always so worried he will '' over - exert " himself . ( laugh harshly ) not much danger of that . she will not even let the poor kid ride a bicycle ! wanne ( quietly ) do you think he would like to see you ? armande fall silent , fight the sudden impulse to cry . now yvette bustles into the shop , humming cheerfully . yvette more of that bean thingy , please ? vianne how many do you want ? yvette how many have you get ? int . cafe do LA republique - evening a dozen men enjay they evening drink . serge finish serve a pastis to a patron , then quickly sit down at a table and pick up a hand of card : he 's in the middle of a game of belote with alphonse , guillaume , and jean -marc . ( Jean - Marc be dressed for hunting , at he side be four dead thrush that he shot today . ) serge ( play a card ; to Jean - Marc : ) the jack of heart be a craftier hunter than you , eh ? he shoot the trump right out from under you nose ! Jean - Marc simmer with frustration . now vianne and anouk enter . several man look askance at they : what be they do here during the all - male drink hour ? serge take he place behind the bar , greeting vianne with a rogue 's smile , check out she body with he casual gaze . vianne be you monsieur muscat ? serge the one and only . ( flirtatious , " debonair " ) what 's you pleasure ? vianne ts you wife here ? serge 's smile instantly fade . serge joséphine ? what do you want with joséphine ? vianne fhold up silver candy packet ) she leave this at my shop . serge she 's in bed . have not get off she lazy rump alll day . ( reach for packet ) fil give it to - vianne ( pull it out of he reach ) lll ive it to she myself , thanks , now Jean - Marc get up from the belote game : jean-marc I be late for supper . serge you jost two hand in a row - pay up ! jean-marc tomorrow . serge now . Jean - Marc flippantly toss two dead thrush on the table , then exit , guillaume ( complain to serge ) now we have fost we fourth ! anouk hil play - | adore belote . all the man in the café look at the little girl incredulously . several of they laugh with mild amusement . int . supply room behind the bar - same joséphine stand at a cluttere supply table , look at various item that she have pull from she pocket - include the gold - plate pill BOX we see she steal . she touch the object , turn they over and over in she hand , as if they be talisman from which she 's try to draw comfort . vianne ( 0.s. ) joséphine . hello . joséphine , take by surprise , quickly stuff the object back into she pocket . josephine what do you want ! vianne ( hold out candy packet ) you forget this . josephine | say , what do you want . vianne ( a beat ) to be you friend ? jos ... phine I do not have friend . ( then , apprehensively : ) do serge know you be here ? vianne do it matter ? do I a favor . try one of this almond creme , tell I if you think it 's a little heavy on the cointreau . joséphine eye vianne warily . she take one of the almond creme , start chew ... and she face start to light up . ( track in on she face with music cue . the tracking and music be interrupted when we hear : } serge ( 0.s. ) joséphine ! joséphine freeze , abruptly spit out the chocolate in she hand , wipe she hand quickly against she skirt ; she turn to look for something to wipe she hand on , but can not find anything , so start hurriedly lick she hand instead . vianne , surprised by the intensity of joséphine 's fear , study she with sympathy . josephine you be trouble ! he - he talk about you . he say - he say you be indecent , he say you be - {as if it be a awful insult : ) - a influence , that 's what you be , you be a influence ! vianne fortunately | do not have to listen to a word you husband have to say . josephine not he . reynaud . the mayor . he - he talk about you . this stop vianne . she just stare at joséphine . int . cafe do LA republique - bar - moment later vianne retrieve anouk from belote game : vianne time to go . anouk May | collect my winning ? anouk take @ dead thrush from in front of serge , who do a slow burn . the other man chuckle at he misfortune . vianne take anouk by the hand and head out of the cafe . joséphine stand in the back doorway , watch , half - hide behind a curtain . she move she hand to she mouth , smell it , give it a gentle lick . ext . avenue des francs bourgeois - evening vianne and anouk ( who be proudly carry the dead thrush ) walk away from the café . ext . caroline's house - early morning luc , wear a coat and a big furry hat , sit on the front stoop , drawing something we don ’t yet see on he sketchpad . vianne be out for a stroll . she approach he . vianne mind if ! take a peek ? luc look up , startle . his voice be hushed , nervous , polite : luc oh , it 's not really ... vianne look at the draw : a skillful rendering of a dead pigeon lie on the cobblestone nearby , its head twisted at a disturbing angle . luc ( cont would ) ( apologetic ) I know . vianne | do not say anything . luc oh. ( anxiously ) | exaggerated the angle of the head just a bit , on purpose , you see ? vianne you draw beautifully . what 's you go rate ? luc ( confuse ) what ? vianne to draw a portrait . how much would you charge ? luc oh | could not - I be not really a - vianne do 50 francs sound reasonable ? luc , amaze to be take seriously as a artist , nod wordlessly . vianne ( cont would ) when could you come by my shop ? this make luc uncomfortable ... luc oh ... you shop . I be sorry but ... the comte forbid it . this hit vianne like 2 slap in the face . luc ( cont would ) he speak to maman ... ( quiet , apologetic ) -+ and a lot of other . vianne silently nod to herself , she eye angry and pain . luc ( cont 'd ) I wish I could come . | really do . vianne whatever you say . thanks for show I you draw . vianne resume strolling down the street , lue , unsettle , watch she walk away . just before she turn the corner , he impulsively call after she : luc wait . int . town hall - mayor' office - morning the comte sit write . on a plate , spotlighted by the lamp , be a uneaten hunk of baguette with rillettes . his eye wander to the food . he put down he pen , gaze longingly at the rillettes - but do not eat , he resume write . now there 's a knock at the door . the comte put the plate of food in a desk drawer and close it . comte do reynaud come in . he 's surprised to see vianne stride into he office . vianne ( quiet , angry ) be | break any law ? tell I - be | hurt anyone ? comte do reynaud be you ask my opinion ? vanne what exactly have you be tell people about I ? comte do reynaud only the truth - mademoiselle . vianne well if you be expect I to just shrivel up and blow away , you be go to be highly disappointed . the comte lean back in he chair , eying she coldly . comte do reynaud let I put thing in perspective for you . the very first comte de reynaud - Auguste rené christophe - expell the huguenot radical from this village . he spend a quarter century pursue that goal . ( a casual shrug ) you and you truffle present a lesser challenge . he resume write . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) {without look up ) you will be out of business by Easter , ! promise you . ext . town hall - moment later as vianne unhappily exit . pass the statue ( the one with the nose icicle ) , she notice the name engraved on its base : Auguste rené christophe de reynaud 1564-1637 vianne regards the statue , angrily -- then kick it and stride across the square . ext . chocolaterie - minute later vianne begin to open the door and be startle to see joséphine peek out at she from the garden doorway . vianne joséphine ! how long have you be stand there - josephine | forget to pay you for something ... the other day . I be sorry . joséphine open she purse to look for money . vianne it be a gift - josephine people talk . they tie about I . | do not steal . not - on purpose . ! do not - vianne it 's okay . it 's nice to see you , joséphine . would you like to come in for some chocolate ? joséphine look up from she purse . int . chocolaterie - later vianne place a cup in front of joséphine , who be empty she pocket of various object that she put on the counter : lipstick , necklace , ring , etc . joséphine survey the object , then choose the gold - plate pill BOX ( that we see she steal ) to give to vianne : josephine here . for you . vianne ( awkwardly ) that 's sweet of you . vianne look at the pill box , turn it over - and see a engraved monogram : a stranger 's initial . joséphine , suddenly see the monogram , panic slightly - but before she can say anything : vianne ( cont 'd ) thank you , it 's lovely . vianne put the pill box in she pocket and pour joséphine some hot chocolate . joséphine take a sip . josephine | hear you do not go to church , vanne that 's right . jos ... phine you will not last long here . people talk . joséphine tip she cup and spill a bit of chocolate . josephine ( cont 'd ) sorry . I be behave badly , be not 1 ? joséphine let out a odd little laugh , and aggressively wipe the counter with the cuff of she sweater . josephine ( cont 'd ) you do not misbehave here . it 's just not do here . do you know that ? if you do not go to confession ... if you do not dig you flowerbed ... if you do not pretend ... ( very agitate ) ...df you do not pretend you want nothing more than to serve you husband three meal a day and give he child and vacuum he chair so it will be clean enough to receive he ass , then - then you be crazy ! you be - joséphine stop herself , shaking she head , embarrassed ... vianne put a comforting hand on joséphine 's shoulder - but joséphine angrily shove she hand away . josephine ( cont 'd ) you think I be stupid . to stay with he . vianne no. | do not think you be stupid . josephine well | be . and weak ! | do not love my husband and / lie . vianne sigh , shake she head . vianne thing could be different for you , joséphine . serge do not run the world . josephine he might as well . vianne study she for a moment ... decide whether to press she further , or back off . vianne 1s that what you believe ? josephine | know it . vianne then it must be true . my mistake . joséphine suddenly give vianne a sweet smile , pick up the chocolate cup , as if to warm she hand on it . josephine ( sweetly ) you make the most wonderful chocolate ! joséphine 's smile be still warm and genuine . vianne , a little perplex , just look at she ... int . apartment above the chocolaterie - bedroom - night vianne and anouk snuggle together in they bed . outside , the wind be pick up . anouk ( sleepily ) pantoufle want to hear the story of grandmére and grandpére . vianne glance uneasily at the mayan urn on the bedside table , anouk ( cont would ) do not say '' not tonight . " you always say '' not tonight . " vianne ( sigh ) alright ... ( a beat ) you grandfather , Georges rocher , long before he make he fortune and share it with we , be the young apothecary of the town of aulus-le -bain ... ext . the apartment - night we be look in through the window at vianne and anouk in they bed . anouk , smile with sweet anticipation , snuggle closer to vianne . ( the wind be blow harder ; bare tree branch cast sway shadow on the windowpane . ) music over : the wind theme " storyteller ( v.0 . ) !t be anouk 's favorite story , always tell in the same word ... vianne { v.0 . ) .. Georges be honest , prosperous , and trust by he customer ... storyteller ( v.0 . ) ... Georges be honest , prosperous , and trust by he customer ... we dissolve to a series of sepia - toned vignettes : int . a back room - day tight shot : george rocher , a bespectacle young man wear the traditional white coat of he profession , orind some medicinal compound in a mortar and pestle . storyteller { v.0 . ) but Georges be not content . he grow tired of dispense iodine and liver pill . he sense that the world hold remedy more exotic , cure more potent . Georges moodily put aside he mortar and pestle . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) so he join a expedition to a land across the sea . to a place call usumacinta . ext . tribal FIRE - night sitting around the fire , guatemalan indian hand dark steaming drink in hollowed - out gourd to a group of frenchmen , include Georges . storyteller one warm and moonless night , Georges be invite to drink unrefine cocoa with a pinch of chili , the very same drink the ancient Maya have use in they sacred ceremony . george take a sip of cacao , squinting against its bitterness . then something catch he eye : sit outside a nearby tent be a beautiful young woman in guatemalan indian garb ( chitza ) open a cacao pod and pull out the bean from the glisten pulp . Georges stare at she , transfix . storyteller ( cont would ) the Maya believe cocoa hold the power to unlock hide yearning . and reveal destiny . chitza glance up . without a trace of surprise or modesty , she meet Georges 's gaze . her eye be steady , calm , sparkling with reflect firelight . int . a dark confined space - night george and chitza , they body smear with cacao and gleam with sweat , fervidly make love . storyteller the tribal elder try to warn Georges about chitza : she be one of the " Wanderer . " her people move with the North wind from village to village , dispense ancient remedy , never ever settling down . not a good choice for a bride . int , unspecified location - day close up of a photograph : chitza ( dress in european clothing ) and george stand arm - in - arm at the rail of a ship . storyteller Georges do not heed they warning . and for awhile , it seem that he and chitza might lead @ happy life together in France . close up of another photograph : a informal snapshot of George and chitza play ring - around - the-rosie with @ happy 2 - year -old girl ( 2 - year-old vianne ) . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) alas , the clever North wind have other plan ... ( the " wind theme '' come up to full volume . ) ext . a SMALL house - dawn a fierce wind be blow , make shutter bang against window . int . the SMALL house - dawn George , in bed , be awaken by the banging shutter . he look over and see that chitza 's side of the bed be empty . in he eye we see the beginning of a stunne realization ... storyteller one morning Georges awoke to discover that chitza and the little girl , vianne , have go away . ext . a snow - cover , windswept country road - day chitza and 8 - year-old -vianne , wear I blood -red capuchon wear ht vianne and a in we story , trudge through the french countryside with a harsh wind at they back . storyteller mother and daughter be fated to wander from village to village , dispense the ancient cocoa remedy , travel with the wind ... ext . the SMALL house - day Georges stand at a window , stare out with search eye . storyteller ( v.0.} .. just as chitza 's people have do for a hundred generation . vianne ( v.0 . ) ... just as chitza 's people have do for a hundred generation . reverse angle ( george ' p.0.v . ) a empty rural road stretch out to the horizon ... ext , chocolaterie - night george , in the pale moonlight , approach the chocolaterie ... look into the window , he eye want and search ... and then he disappear ... ( the " wind theme " fade away ... ) int . bedroom - night anouk ( snuggling next to vianne ) be almost asleep . outside , the wind have stop . anouk ( murmur drowsily ) will it just go on forever ? vianne hold anouk close ... but do not answer . anouk drift off to sleep . vianne , she eye glisten , look up at the ancient mayan urn : vianne ( barely audible ) ' night , maman . int . confessional booth - day pere henri be hearing guillaume 's confession . guillaume .». and in a moment of weakness , | pray to the virgin mother to soothe charly 's soul in he hour of suffer . pere henri you understand a animal have no immortal soul . guillaume J understand , mon pére , guilluame 's eye be glisten with sadness , pere henri ( gently ) yet you flout God 's Law . guillaume 1 be weak and a sinner . pere henri what else ? guillaume ( awkwardly ) impure thought ... the woman who run the chocolaterie - pere henri vianne rocher ? guillaume not towards she , mon pére . but she suggest | buy chocolate seashell for the widow audel . and well ... | guess that get I to think about the widow audel ... pere henri ( surprised ) at she age ? at you age ? guillaume ( ashamed ) yes . and yes . pere henri and just what be you do in a chocolaterie during lent ? guillaume ( sheepish ) it be ... for charly . pere henri again you flout God 's Law ? guillaume consider this . something be occur to he : guillaume ( hesitantly ) well but ... if charly have no soul , then there 's no harm in he break lent ... ( hopefully ) be not that so , mon pére ? pere henri ( unsettle ) ten hail mary , twenty we father . int , chocolaterie - day armande get herself seat , with difficulty , on a stool . vianne bring out a truffie torte from the kitchen . armande {irritably ) alright , what 's so important that | have to postpone my nap ? vianne | appreciate you come in , armande . would you like some chocolate cake ? but then armande notice : luc stand outside the shop ( hold he sketchpad ) look at she with surprise and uncertainty . armande be deeply stir by the sight of she grandson . finally luc open the door and step inside . lue and armande be nervous to see each other . luc grandmother ... bonjour - armande May | - buy you @ cup of - lue no no - thank you , | - I be just here to ... ( look questioningly at vianne ) ... draw a portrait . armande whose ? vianne ( casually to armande ) your , actually . armande and luc be both take aback . vianne ( cont 'd ) ( to lue ) be the light okay where she 's sit ? luc , catch off -guard , do not approach the counter . he 's tear - not sure whether to go or stay . then armande seem to remember something : armande ( crusty , awkward ) ! get you something , boy . armande pull a book out of she handbag . armande ( cont would ) be carry it around since you last birthday . do not know when | might see you . luc be touch . he walk over to she , but he avoid she eye . armande ( cont would ) Book of poetry . this disappoint luc . but he 's polite as always : luc oh . thank you , armande you do not like poetry ? luc ( awkward , polite ) of course - | do - yes . armande neither do |. luc , puzzle , look up at she . armande ( cont 'd ) ( the : the book ) but it 's not that kind of poetry . ext . les maraud - day we be look at a makeshift child 's " fort " fashioned around a group of tree with massive expose root . anouk be among a small group of boy and girl ninclude didi , dedou , and baptiste ) play a spirite game of " jailbreak " : the '' cop '' try to capture the " crook * and put they in '' jail cell " ( tiny cavern form by the tree root ) ; the " crook " try to free capture comrade while avoid capture themselves . dédou capture anouk ( by tagging she ) and place she in one of the little '' cell '' . angle - in the " cell " with anouk it be dark and snug - visually similar to anouk 's crawl Space at home . anouk snuggle up against the thick , rough , soil - encrust root , make she fee ! cozy and protect . the frenzied activity of the other child around she seem to recede ; she 's in she own snug , safe little world ... then baptiste reach in to '' free '' anouk , take she hand to lead she out of the cell - but she resist . baptiste come on ! anouk | like it here . baptiste but you be free ! he yank she arm - and she stubbarnly refuse to budge . anouk free someone else ! baptiste that 's not how you play ! he try to grab she foot to drag she out - and she angrily shove he to the ground . the other kid stop and stare at anouk . she shrug defiantly : she 's not go to move . int . chocolaterie - day luc sit next to armande , listen to she read from rimbaud . armande '' will she never have do , then , that ghoul queen of a million dead body ... | see myself again , skin rotten with mud and pest , worm in my armpit and in my hair ... " luc be utterly entrance . armande look up from the book . armande ( cont would ) perfectly wretch , be not it ? luc ( smile ) perfectly . vianne set hot chocolate in front of luc , but he demur : luc ( cont would ) I be not suppose to - armande do not worry so much about " suppose to . '' luc smile , embarrassed . hesitantly , he take a sip . armande ( cont would ) enhh ? live a little ? lue ( glance up at the clock ) her hair appointment 's almost do . ! have to go . he immediately hop up and hurry to the door . armande hey , what about the portrait ? lue next time . the word " next time '' be sweet music to armande . luc exit . armande look over at vianne , who smile gently . armande oh do not look so damn pleased with yourself . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night vianne and anouk be peacefully asleep . suddenly they be awaken by 0.8 . pounding on a door downstairs . josephine ( 0.5 . ) {a muffied cry ) I do it ! | do it ! more urgent pounding on the door downstairs . anquk ( groggy , troubled ) maman ? vianne ( worried , to anouk ) stay here . int . chocolaterie - moment later vianne hurry downstairs and see josephine outside , astride a bicycle - she cheek flushed , she lip twisted into a strange manic smile . ( she 's get a suitcase that be clearly pack in haste : clothing stick out of it . ) vianne open the door , and joséphine rush in . josephine ( manic , chattery ) I do it ! I do it ! he be so drunk ... oh , he wake up , see I pack , he try to come after I - but I would already tie he foot with he belt ! and - nillustrate he fall with a gesture ) - boom - right on he face ! his big beautiful red face ! joséphine start to cry . josephine ( cont 'd ) but - be it right ? do | - do i do the right thing ? as if to answer the question , vianne step towards joséphine and very gently undoe the scarf cover joséphine 's forehead , revealing laceration and bruise . josephine ( cont 'd ) God , it 's stupid , be not it . | never blame he . sometimes / even forget ... what really happen ... vianne embrace joséphine , comforting she . vianne ( whisper ) okay ... okay ... angle - the stair anouk be watch , silently chew on strand of she hair . hold on anouk's watchful face , as we hear joséphine 's quiet 0.s. weeping ... int . the SMALL kitchen in vianne's apartment - later joséphine lie in a makeshift bed : quilt pile on the floor . she 's silent now , exhaust ... gaze up at vianne , who stroke she hair . then vianne get up to head toward the bedroom . josephine ( quiet , worried ) vianne ? vianne ( sentle , reassure ) 1 will be right in the next room . after a moment , joséphine nod okay . vianne go into the bedroom , joséphine look out the window , at moonlit branch dance in the winter wind . her eye be fearful , disorient , like the eye of a child suddenly alone in a unfamiliar bed ... int . chateau do reynaud - kitchen - morning the comte , wear a gardener 's apron , enter hold fresh - cut flower . he put the flower in a vase . there 's a slight breeze trom the open door ... and a loose cupboard door slowly swing partway -open , right next to reynaud . he see a SMALL jar of sugare nut in the partly - open cupboard . reynaud , pale and hungry as ever , nervously eye the sugare nut with temptation . he swallow hard ... and force himself to close the cupboard . but once again the loose cupboard door blow partway - open in the breeze . he try to look away , but he gaze be involuntarily draw back to the sugare nut , deeply tear , he slowly reach out toward the jar with a tentative hand . he take the jar , but he hand be tremble - and he accidentaily drop it , and nut spill on the floor . mortify , he bend down and hurriedly put the nut back into the jar , like a guilty child - - and now caroline enter , carry a sheaf of type page . caroline bonjour , monsieur le comte . | hope I be not - comte do reynaud ( flustered ) Madame Clairmont ! the comte stand up suddenly , put the jar behind he back - and he 's momentarily dizzy , clutching the counter for balance . comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) have Madame rivet offer you coffee ? caroline ( concerned ) monsieur le comte ? comte do reynaud ( pale , unsteady ) i'm fine ... Fine ... caroline ( be : the type page ) I be just drop off the ... neye he worriedly ) forgive I , monsieur le comte , but ... have you be eat ? with he foot , reynaud furtively shove a few telltale sugare nut under the counter . comte do reynaud be uh , rather strict in my fast this year . ! can not demand much of my townspeople if | do not demand more of myself . caroline but ... if the shepherd be weak from hunger , how can he guide the flock - comte do reynaud | say I be fine , do not 1 ? caroline , stung , look away . the comte sigh apologetically . he walk over to she . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) you do not deserve that , caroline . she 's surprised and touch that he use she first name . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) you be the best friend |... she 's startle , flatter - but he correct himself : comte do reynaud ( cont would ) .. the most foyal constituent I have . caroline smile slightly . she and the comte be stand near each other , but avoid each other 's eye . madame rivet ( 0.5 . } monsieur le comie - madame rivet enter , and be throw off to see caroline there . the comte and caroline awkwardly step back from each ather . madame rivet ( cont would ) ( uneasy , not look at they directly ) pardon I . serge muscat be here to see you . comte do reynaud muscat ? what do he want ? Madame rivet shrug meekly : | just work here . CUT to : close shot : serge muscat' angry , reddened face : serge she have nothing in 1943 ! her mother be sleep with a big fat german corporal just to put bread on the table . you remember - | save she , | pull she out of the gutter ! wider angle reveal where we be : int . chateau - the drawing room - day the comte sit listen to muscat 's tirade . serge and now she repay I - repay my kindness - by walk out on I ?! comte do reynaud it be natural that you be upset - serge upset ? I will be the town joke ! comte do reynaud ( sharply ) that be not you concern . you concern be the sacrament of Marriage . serge ( a beat ; mumble ) of course of course ... the sacrament . comte do reynaud be you prepare to re-dedicate yourself to you sacred vow ? serge I ? I be not the one who walk out ! the comte give serge a sharp , chastise look . serge ( cont would ) re-dedicate . of course . yes. ( go for " sincerity " ) please , monsieur le comte - I be begging for you help . serge glance up at a formal portrait on the wall : a man in 1920 's clothes who resemble the comte . serge ( cont would ) my family have always be able to turn to yours . the comte sigh irritably ... int . kitchen of the chocolaterie - day vianne be teach josephine how to make croquant wafer . ( anouk , stand next to they , be furtively dip she finger into the almond nougat and sneaking a taste . ) vianne {to joséphine ) okay , now cover the mixture with you other parchment sheet . josephine ( nervous , eager ) like this ? vianne now you want to roll it out quickly - the caramel set fast . vianne hear the door open out in the shop . vianne ( cont would ) you be do great - I will be right back , int . chocolaterie - same the comte , at the counter , try to ignore the dizzying array of sweet , which be make he woozy with hunger . vianne emerge from the kitchen and stride over to he . vianne ( dryly ) what bring you here today ? she hold up a candy platter right in front of he pale , hungry face . vianne ( cont would ) can | interest you in some nipples of venus ? he eye the nipples of venus with suppress panic . he unsteadily step back - averting he nose from the candy . comte do reynaud rumor have it you be harbor Madame muscat . !s that true ? vianne you make she sound like a fugitive . comte do reynaud a fugitive from she marriage vow , which God have sanctify . vianne you do not say . ( call to the kitchen ) joséphine , come out here a minute . joséphine come out . the sight of the comte make she wary . vianne ( cont would ) let he radiance have a look at you . joséphine reluctantly go to the counter . she incline she head , give the comte a close look at the bruise and laceration on she forehead . he be utterly take aback . vianne ( cont would ) ( to the comte ) be that sanctify enough for you ? comte do reynaud | have no idea ... ( softly , to joséphine ) how long have ...? joséphine shake she head : too painful to talk about . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) 1 be truly sorry . you should have come to I . joséphine say nothing . her head be stil ! bow . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) ( gentle , reassure ) you husband must be make to repent . josephine ( quiet , tremulous ) tell he to repent on someone else 's head . joséphine turn and walk back into the kitchen . vianne give the comte a look that say : " get the picture ? " ext . avenue des francs bourgeois - day serge , jean-marc , alphonse , and guillaume be play boule . serge look awful : ill-shaven , clothes dishevel . guillaume , cradling he dog charly with he right hand , roll a boule with he leave . it 's a good shot : very close to the bouchon ( the cork target ) . now it 's serge 's turn to bowl . jean-marc ( advise serge ) do not fire . Point . serge I be go to fire . serge assume the position to '' fire the boule . jean-marc too risky . Point . serge shut up . ! can control it . serge wind up - jean-marc ( sotto to alphonse ) can not even control he own wife . - and serge fire the boule , badly . serge what do you say ?! comte do reynaud ( 0.s. ) muscat . serge turn , sees the comte approach , glaring at he . serge bonjour , monsieur the comte. be something - the comte , livid with anger , grab serge by the ear ( exactly the way the schoolteacher grab anouk 's ear ) . serge ( cont would ) ( flabbergasted ) ow ! the comte begin lead serge away . the other man snicker in amazement . serge ( cont would ) what - ? comte do reynaud | be go to make a example of you . wide angle ( p.0.v. ) of the bizarre sight : the comte de reynaud grimly pull serge by the ear , all the way across the Square . reverse angle show we that the p.0.v. be anouk 's ; she be stand in the window of the chacolaterie , watch in fascination . int . church - minute later OPEN on the comte shove serge into the confessional booth with a audible thud . serge ( 0.s. ) ( from inside booth ) ow ! widen to include pere henri look on with mild alarm . comte do reynaud ( to pére henri ) go on in . he 's ready . pere henri well - but - confession must be make in the spirit of contri - comte do reynaud ( sharply , to 0.8 . serge ) be you here in the spirit of contrition ? the comte impatiently pound the booth with he fist . serge ( 0.8.} ( startle ) yes yes - contrition . yeah . the comte give pére henri a look : " there , you see ? '' int . church vestry - day a catechism CLASS for kid age 8 through 10 ( include didi , dedou , and baptiste ) be be teach by pére henri . baptiste .licentiousness , idolatry , sorcery , gluttony , and drunkenness . pere henri correct . and what be the three condition for mortal sin . serge ? angle to reveal serge muscat sit among the child . serge mortal sin be sin whose object be uh ... commit with ... deliberate ... pere henri incorrect . didi ? didi mortal sin be sin whose object be grave matter and which be commit with full knowledge and deliberate consent . pere henri correct . serge close he eye in humiliation . int . kitchen of the chocolaterie - day vianne be teach joséphine how to temper couverture , melting the dark chocolate brick in a large copper pan . vianne and how do you know if the couverture be properly tempere ? josephine you dip the palette knife to see if the couverture harden on it evenly . vianne correct . int . beauty shop - day serge sit slump in the swivel chair while francoise cut he shaggy hair , with the comte closely supervise : comte do reynaud more off the side , please . serge numbly regards he much short hair in the mirrar . ext . statue of auguste ren ... christophe do reynaud - day there be the usual nose icicle on the statue . storyteller ( v.0 . ) in the little village , time pass ... dissolve to : the nose icicle melting in warm sunshine - make it look like the ancient comte have a runny nose . storyteller ... and the chocolaterie do not go out of business . int . chocolaterie - day vianne sell cacao bean to yvette and alphonse ( who hold hand like young lover ) , while josephine gift - wrap a packet of chocolate seashell for guillaume . luc drink hot chocolate while sketching a portrait of armande , who pose regally . and guillaume 's dog charly furtively gobbles cacao bean nibs from a open packet on a low shelf ... storyteller ( v.0 . ) the comte de reynaud feel himself be draw into a strange crusade . int , church - sunday Mass - day pere henri place a communion wafer on serge' outstretched tongue . int . chocolaterie - day vianne look on as anouk playfully place 2 chocolate croquant wafer on josephine 's outstretched tongue . storyteller ( v.0 . ) his struggle to transform serge muscat into a gentleman become more than a act of goodwill . int , the comte' kitchen - night the comte instruct serge on the proper way to lift a soup spoon . storyteller it become a test . a holy war between chateau and chacolaterie . madame rivet enter hold a selection of shirt and tie . the comte quickly select a few . she set they down and leave . int . kitchen of the chocolaterie - day vianne oversee josephine - wha now work with skill and confidence , use a pastry bag to pipe out ball of chocolate mixture for Black Forest trufffes . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night vianne watch anouk gently brush josephine be hair . joséphine 's bruise be heal , she face become happy , luminous . ext . madame audel' modest house - day madame audel find the gift - wrap chocolate seashell on she doorstep . she clutches she hand to she breast in moral indignation - but she eye show a hint of suppress delight . angle - across the STREET guillaume be secretly watch Madame audel , but then guillaume glance over at he dog charly - and be startle to see the charly ( on the end of he leash ) be gamely try to mount a female dog twice he size . int . confessional booth - day luc confess , torture : luc lying to my mother . sneak around behind she back . | feel so guilty . each time , | tell myself it 's the {ast time . but then |... | get a whiif of that hot chocolate ... or that moon - shape thing - oh God - that dark chocolate moon thing ... int , confessional booth - day Madame audei , ashamed , confess : madame audel seashell . chocolate seashell . so small , so piain , so ... innocent . | think , '' just one little taste - what 's the harm ? " but oh - they turn out of be file with rich , sinful almond nougat , and ... ( quiet , mortify ) .. and | be lose , mon pére . | be lose , int . confessional booth - day yvette confess : ywette | keep think | can control it . that ! can quit anytime | want . but whenever she bring out something new , 1 ... ( sigh guiltily ) yesterday it be butter truffle with very rich , bitter , dark cocoa powder on outside ... camera pan right to pere henri on the adjoin compartment - intrigue by yvette 's description , despite himself . yette ( cont 'd ) . and then when you get to the inside , there 's this sweet , soft , buttery fill ... camera pan left , back past yvette ... wette ( cont 'd ) ..and it melt - God forgive I - it melt ever - so- slowly on you tongue and torture you with pleasure . panning camera find a appal comte do reynaud ( eavesdropp ) in the booth to yvette 's leave . yvette ( cont 'd ) ... until you feel like you be go to swoon ... int . church - day the comte sit listen to pére henri read scripture from the pulpit ... but then the comte hear a candy wrapper noisily be opened by someone in the church . the comte intensely scan the pews , try to find the culprit . int . town hall - mayor' office - night the comte sit gaze at the photo of he wife , the comtesse . in front of he sit a uneaten quartered apple on a plate and a cup of hot water with lemon . the comte , more pale than ever , lip dry and chap , shift he gaze to the apple , stare at it with long and contempt ; resisting it , as if it be the devil 's own apple of temptation . storyteller ( v.0 . ) now , the comte be no fool . though he hope to redeem muscat , he know that this redemption alone would not be enough to regain contro ! over the village . he fiercely shove away the plate ; it shatter on the floor . storyteller ( cont would ) he understand that some larger lesson need to be teach . some Greater probiem need to be identify , and solve . ext . the river tannes - day anouk be play pirate in the makeshift fort with the boy . storyteller ( v.0 . ) Little do the comte suspect that he " Greater Problem " would arrive one quiet afternoon in the dull green water of the River tannes ... a flicker of reflected light pass across the child : something 0.5. be pass by on the river ... the kid stop play and look up : something on the river ( which we don't yet see ) have captivate they attention ... ext . at the riverbank - same several large ramshackle boat be arrive in lansquenet , pull up to the shore ... int . chocolaterie - day josephine clear the counter , hum contentedly . vianne be sit next to armande at the counter ; they be drink hot chocolate in serene silence . then : vianne you have never reaily tell I what the problem be . between you and caroline . armande because it 's none of you goddamn business . vianne say nothing , smile slightly . after a long moment , armande sigh , relenting ... armande ( cont would ) !'m a embarrassment to she . | cuss , | read dirty book . | drink and eat what I like . and sin of sin , | refuse to go to Les mimosa , vianne do not know what armande be refer to . josephine ( explain to vianne ) the nursing home down in toulouse . when ! be a kid we call it Le martoir . armande ( snort ) caroline love the idea of some nurse with a clipboard recording my bowel movement . suddenly anouk come racing into the shop , breathless , she face flush with happy excitement . anouk maman maman - come quick ! they be here , they have come to lansquenet - vianne slow down , nou - nou . who 's here ? anouk ( fill with awe ) Pirates . ext . wall at the edge of town - day anouk be eagerly pull vianne toward the river . but they pass did ! and dedou be pull by they mother francoise in the other direction . didi but maman , why can not we stay - franoise none of you back - talk ! frangoise shove the boy into she ' 51 peugeot . anouk give vianne a question glance : why be frangoise be so mean ? ext . the river tannes - day ramshackle houseboat be line up at the riverbank . it 's a extraordinary sight : the flat barge , the tall houseboat with corrugate roof , the stovepipe chimney , multicolor flag , graffiti , small barque , fishing line , pot for crayfish , tatter umbrella shelter the deck . we hear a dog bark from one of the boat . on a barge , a rough-hewn , handsome , wind - burn young man ( roux ) sit play a a ald guitar . and on the riverbank , river gypsies be start campfire in huge steel drum ... ext . at the river' edge vianne and anouk approach the river gypsy on the riverbank . vianne hello . several river gypsy eye vianne and anouk with caution . a thin griz*le man ( sotto , to a teenage girl ) better get roux . the teenage girl hurry off . anouk reach into she pocket , pull out a handful of praline and offer they to a few river gypsy kide nearby : anouk anybody get a sweet tooth ? the kid study she warily ... then grab the candy and run for cover behind a steel drum , as if flee from danger . now vianne see the teenage girl approach roux ( the guy play the guitar ) . roux stop play while the girl talk to he . he cast a unworry glance over at vianne ... then simply resume piay the guitar . anouk ( cont 'd ) ( whisper to vianne} | bet he 's the Captain . as vianne head toward roux 's barge , anouk scamper ahead and try to clamber or leap onto the deck of the barge - make vianne concerned for she safety : vanne ( shout at anouk ) be careful ! do not do that ! roux ( misunderstanding ) Heaven forbid . might catch we germ . anouk stop try to board the barge . vianne reach the barge . roux ( cont 'd ) ( nonchalant ) we be sorry . all of we . sincerely . vianne what for ? roux ( a wry shrug ) whatever you be here to accuse we of . vianne and why would | do that ? roux well , because we river rat be the dregs of society . with terrible disease and criminal impulse . vianne sound terrifying . {s it true ? roux it 's what you townspeople always seem to think . vianne oh but this be not my town . roux hm. ( casually ) then what do you want ? you be here to save we ? Catholic Aid Society ? french family League ? Communist worker ? which idea be you sell ? anouk ( earnestly ) chocolat . roux look down at anouk in mild puzzlement . she regards he with innocent curiosity : anouk ( cont 'd ) what 's a river rat ? be it like a pirate ? roux smile slightly . roux you could say that . he point to a large old bucket on the deck next to he : roux ( cont 'd ) ( confidentially ) there 's my treasure chest . anouk jook dubiously at the rust-stain old bucket ... until roux pull from it a fistful of colorful , handcraft necklace . anouk gaze at the necklace in fascination . vianne let I guess . they be for sale . roux a mere 30 francs apiece . vianne furrow she brow . roux ( cont 'd ) nact " hurt " ) I can get 50 for they in Paris . vianne ( shrug ) then go to Paris . but now something 0.s. catch roux 's eye . vianne turn to see what roux be look at : the comte do reynaud be stand on a knoll above the river , peer down at the gypsy boat with stern disapproval . he see vianne , lock eye with she . back with vanne , anouk , roux vianne , with a defiant gleam in she eye , turn to roux : vianne ( cont 'd ) ( brightly ) we will take two , please . roux - sense that vianne be make some kind of point - look at she , then back up at the comte . roux you sure ? vianne ( hand he the money ) absolutely . roux hand vianne and anouk each a necklace . anouk ( put on she necklace ) it 's beautifull vianne shoot another defiant giance up at the comte - - but sees that he 's now gone . roux ( to vianne ) l.. should probably warn you . you make friend with we , you will probably make enemy of other , vianne that a promise ? vianne turn and walk away with anouk , roux , mildly intrigue , watch they go . ext . town square - evening serge , dress up in a blue suit , snazzy bowtie , and two - tone shoe , walk in a dignify manner through the Square , hold a bouquet of flowers in the vase he get from the comte . across the way , townspeople file into town hall . a hand - paint sign say : " emergency town council meeting 7:30 - public welcome , " alphonse , yvette , jean -marc , and francoise be on they way into the Hall when they notice serge - and be amused by he foppish appearance . alphonse ( to Jean -marc ; be : serge ) what 's he up to ? jean-marc maybe he 's join the circus . serge keep walk with dignity , ignore they stare . int , chocolaterie - evening joséphine , alone in the shop , be wiping down the counter . she hear someone knocking softly on the door . josephine sorry , we be cl - joséphine sees that it 's serge , with flower , begging she with remorseful eye to let he in . she 's very surprised by the tenderness in he face . she go to the door , slowly open it , and step outside to face he . serge ( softly , humbly ) joséphine . you look ... different . joséphine regards he warily . he 's get the sorrowful , heavy - lidd expression of a guilty puppy dog . josephine you too . serge I want to say ... I be sorry . ( hold out flower ) I have change , joséphine . God have make I 4 new man . joséphine accept the flower , but say nothing . this be a difficult moment for she . serge ( cont 'd ) | ask you ... no , | beg you ... to accept my apology ? she look at the flower ... then at serge 's sad eye . after a long moment : josephine ( barely audible ) accept . serge | promise thing will be different now . josephine ( a beat ) thing already be different , serge . serge | mean ... when you come home . josephine ( mildly puzzle ) Home ? she step back into the shop . josephine ( cont would ) ( sincerely ) thanks for the apology . the flower be lovely . she start to close the door - serge joséphine , please . we be still marry in the eye of God . josephine ( quietly ) then he must be blind . she gently close and lock the door , leave he stand outside . ext . chocolaterie - same serge just stand there , lock out , stunne . int . cafe do LA republique - later serge sit in the empty , lock - up café - drink himself into a angry stupor . he 's play a idle drunken game : lighting match one after another , toss the match one - by-one into a glass of pernod and watch the flame momentarily flare up . he giance out the window and see a married couple walk hand - in-hand , laugh together , on they way to the town meeting . serge sullenly grunt to himself . int . town hall - night the town meeting be in chaos : everyone argue at once . in the front of the hall sit the five - member town council - whose chairman , jean -marc , be frantically banging a gavel . jean-marc order ! we must have order ! order ! the audience quiet down somewhat . jean-marc ( cont would ) the Council have no legal authority to force they to move . the riverbank be public land - more commotion - some people in the crowd hiss ... ... until finally the comte do reynaud , sit near the front , rise to speak . the crowd respectfully settles down . jean-marc ( cont would ) ( hopefully ) the Mayor wish to say a few word ? comte do reynaud if ] may , gentleman of the Council . the comte de reynaud wait until the room be silent ... then : comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) they be rootless , godless drifter . theirs be the way of slovenly pleasure , fornication , filth . they would contaminate the spirit of we quiet town ... and the innocence of we child . ( almost a whisper ) they would destroy we tranquility . the room be perfectly quiet . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) we Council Chairman be right . we can not force they to leave . ( a beat ) but we can help they to understand they be not welcome . every eye be focus on the comte de reynaud . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night in the kitchen , joséphine be asleep . through the open door to the bedroom , we see vianne and anouk asleep . suddenly there 's the sound of glass shatter downstairs . joséphine be startle awake . josephine oh my God ... serge ( 0.5 . ) ( yell drunkenly from downstairs ) who be you to ditch I ?! worthless cow ! can not even use a skillet ! can not even put a goddamn meal on the table after | put in a hard day 's work ! vianne and anouk leap out of bed . josephine ( horrify , to vianne ) he 's inside ! they hear heavy footstep clomping up the stair . josephine ( cont would ) oh God ! vianne hurriedly start push the kitchen table toward the stairway door , to barricade it . vianne ( to joséphine ) come on - help I ! joséphine , panic-stricken , unsteadily help vianne push the heavy table against the door . anouk ( frighten ) maman ... they hear a monstrous pounding on the door . vianne and joséphine lean against the table with all they weight ; anouk fearfully hug vianne 's waist . but then : serge ( 0.s. ) ( suddenly , strangely gentle ) joséphine ? sweetheart ? it '! go easier for you if you open the door . joséphine be tremble with uncertainty : should she open the door ? vianne look at joséphine and shake she head no . serge ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) 1 do not want to have to hurt you . open the door , alright dear ? joséphine look pleadingly at vianne . but vianne shake she head no . serge ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) J just want to talk to you . vianne go sleep it off , serge . serge 0.5 . ) ( explode ) rocher , you meddle bitch ! this be you fault ! anouk maman ! vianne cover anouk 's ear , hugging she close . there 's a forceful slamming against the door , again and again . int . chocolaterie - on the other side of the door serge be repeatedly ramming himself against the door . the hinge be start to give way . serge I will teach you to mind you business ! he 's ramming it powerfully ... the wood be splintering ... until finally he ram the door OPEN , and drunkenly climb over the door and the table / barricade into : int . the kitchen of the chocolaterie - same where he leap at vianne , tackling her to the ground - - and anouk scream as serge clasp he hand around vianne 's throat . vianne struggle helplessly in serge 's ferocious grasp - - and anouk be shrieking in horror , try in vain to pull serge away from she mother - - and serge shove anouk to the floor with he foot and continue to strangle helpless vianne - - until joséphine whack serge over the head with a huge cast - iron skillet - - and he collapse unconscious on top of vianne , like a spend lover . vianne disgustedly push he off . josephine ( to unconscious serge ) who say ! can not use a skillet , ext . town square - morning church bell ring for mass . the comte stand in the church doorway , greeting arrive parishioner . though he 's as pale as ever , the comte exude a new sense of purpose and resolve . but then he notice : serge lie in the middle of the Square , out cold , stil ! dress in he foppish bet-up . people riding bicycle have to navigate around motionless serge . comte do reynaud ( disgustedly , to himself ) wonderful . int . town hall - mayor' office - later bleary -ey serge , with a cold compress on he head , sit across from the comte - who flare sternly at he . comte do reynaud you realize , of course , that you have ruin any chance you ever have of win she back . serge shift uncomfortably under the comte 's steady glare . serge well ... you know , she 's kind of upset right now ... but | think maybe if | sive she a little more time ... the comte , amaze , appal , keep stare at serge ... ext . chocolaterie - day OPEN close on vianne's window , where we see a village scene composed of chocolate miniature . a sign in the window read : grand festival du chocolat - Sunday , 29 March a spring celebration of fertility and rebirth free Easter ege hunt ! widen to include luc look at the window display , impressed . luc turn to 0 inside - and sees that the glass in the door have be shattered , and be temporarily replace by a wooden board . int . chocolaterie - same armande sit at the counter , visit with vianne and joséphine . vianne ( to armande ; be : joséphine ) oh you should have see she ! like swatting a fiy - ( mime action of use skillet : ) thwack ! - goodnight serge . armande his skull must not be as thick | think ! vianne and armande laugh . joséphine look a bit uncomfortable . armande , see joséphine 's slight discomfort , reach over and give she arm a reassure pat : armande ( cont 'd ) the worst be over . he find out what you be make of . josephine ( smile slightly ) so do for . now luc enter : luc be | interrupt something ? armande come on over and sit down ! luc sit beside armande and kiss she cheek . luc it 's beautiful , vianne . you window . vianne could not have do it without joséphine 's help . joséphine smile with pride . armande ( to luc} how long have we get ? luc she 's at the hair salon for a hour . int . hair salon - day francoise brushes off the swivel seat , prepare for she next customer . in the back of the shop didi and dedou be play . caroline enter with a stack of mimeographed flyer . caroline I be so sorry , francoise - | have to break the appointment . francoise something wrong ? caroline | volunteer to distribute this . | promise the comte I would get they all out by the end of the day . caroline hand she a flyer , headline : " boycott immorality ! " francoise Count I in . ( dryly ) not that ! expect many of they to stop by for hair styling . in b.g. didi and dédou now swordfight with hair brush . caroline it 's not just that . sometimes they offer to do odd job for food . somtime they just beg . the comte feel we have to stand firm - francoise like | say , count I in . int . chocolaterie - day luc , armande , joséphine , and vianne be laughing as armande teach luc the trick of make a spoon stick to he nose . armande no no no - rub it hard ! luc rub the spoon hard against he nose ... int , / ext . chocolaterie - same caroline , with the stack of flyer in she arm , pass by the shop . she glance inside - and be shocked by what she see . int . chocolaterie - same armande keep coach luc on make the spoon stick to he nose : armande good - now keep you head still . the spoon dangle from he nose without falling off . the three woman applaud , now caroline enter , glaring furiously at luc . he 's stunne to see she . the spoon fall off he nose and clatter to the floor . armande ( cont 'd ) hello , caroline . caroline just keep stare at luc . he guiltily look away . armande ( cont would ) you want to blame somebody , blame I . corrupt he with cocoa . caroline / '' '' how dare you - armande pffl he 's happy , he 's fine - look at he ! lue maman , |... caroline ( to armande ) and what about you , mother ?! be you fine ?! atmande say nothing . vianne look at she : what 's this about ? caroline ( cont would ) ( to vianne ) 1'h bet mother 's conveniently forget to teil you . armande ( to caroline ) come on , caro , do not be a stick in the mud - caroline ( a dare ) go ahead , mother - show she . unless you be afraid to . armande shrug haughtily , as if this be a trivial matter , and roll up she sleeve - revealing numerous needlemarks . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( to vienne ) insulin shot . diabete . it 's very advanced - she could be blind within a year . armande ( casually , to caroline ) could not you say I be @ heroin addict ? it would sound a lot more glamorous . caroline ( to vianne ) and you . you sit here feed she sweet ! vianne look questioningly at armande . armande ! can think of worse way to die . caroline oo why not rat poison , it would be faster ! armande ( to vianne ) caro 's always have a flair for drama . caroline ( to vianne , be : armande ) she belong in a place where she will be take care of - armande Le mortoir ?! I would rather be in hell . caroline you may get there , mother . ( grab luc by the hand ) come along , luc . luc but maman , | - | do not want - caroline 's eye narrow threateningly - and luc fall silent . josephine ( nervously to caroline , try to be helpful ) he 's ... be happy here . it 's good for he here . caroline whirl on joséphine with amaze contempt : caroline | will decide what 's good for my son , Madame muscat . caroline yank he off the stool and forcefully lead he to the door . luc look back in anguish at armande . at the door , caroline wrap luc 's scarf securely around he neck , then lead he outside . a uncomfortable silence . then armande tap she cup : armande I will have another , please . vianne and joséphine exchange a sober glance . armande ( cont would ) well come on ! it 's my life - can not | enjoy what 's leave of it ? fill ‘er up ! vianne armande. , . why do not you tell I ? armande ( angrily ) fs this a chocolaterie or a confessional ? armande try , with difficulty , to get off she stool . joséphine hurry around the counter to help - but armande swat she away : armande ( cont would ) if i need help | ask for it ! armande manage to get off the stool , pick up she cane and head for the door . vanne armande , I be sorry - armande ( look back at vianne ; ) ( low and hard : ) do not you dare pity I . armande exit , slamm the door . joséphine notice something on the floor : a mimeographed flyer that caroline drop . joséphine pick it up , look at it with concern ... ext , chocolaterie - later 4oséphine be sweeping the sidewalk , she glance up and see reynaud walk along the street , formaily greeting pass townspeople as usual . for a moment joséphine consider go back into the shop to avoid be see by reynaud as he pass ... but she come to a different decision : steeling herself , she look up from she sweeping and look directly at reynaud as he approach , reynaud be @ bit surprised to see joséphine meeting he eye . comte do reynaud bonjour , joséphine . joséphine pull the crumpled '' boycott immorality 's flyer from she pocket and hold it out to he : josephine ( nervous , but stil ! meeting he eye ) we will not be need this . comte do reynaud ( do not take flyer ) why give it to I ? it be issue by the entire town of lansquenet - joséphine crumple the flyer , throw it on the ground , take she broom and start to sweep the crumpled flyer towards the comte . josephine ( mumble ) ! see . the people of lansquenet , of course , the people ... jospphine sweeping become more and more aggressive , almost hit the comte with the broom . he grab she arm . comte do reynaud joséphine . | know you have suffer . 1 know serge have ... not be a good husband . but it 's time to go home . remember the vow you make before God . josephine ahh yes . and please remember I to you wife . still away in Italy , be she ? joséphine go into the chocolaterie . a few pass townspeople greet the comte with the customary '' bonjour , monsieur le comte . " the comte quickly re-composes himself and greet he pass " subject " with a dignify air . ext . cafe do LA republique - day one of the mimeographed flyer be post in the window . int . cafe do LA republique - day serge , hang -over , sit play he idle game with match : this time he 's lighting match and toss they into a cup of coffee , where they sizzle and go out . jean -marc and several other men be have mid-day drink . into the caf walk roux and gati ( a 4 - year - old river gypsy girl ) . serge look up sharply at they . roux she would like a soda water . how much be it ? serge eye roux lazily . the cafe 's patron be all watch to see how serge will respond , serge ( flippant ) for you , 40 francs . a few of the patron chuckle . roux be unperturb . serge ( cont 'd ) ( '' explain * to roux ) there 's a soda water shortage . very serious . some of the patron laugh . serge be pleased with himself . roux calmly take 40 francs from he pocket and place it on the table in front of serge . the patron exchange blance , roux with a twist of lemon . if you have get any . serge eye the money , consider whether to take it . finally he give a " oh- what - the -hell '' shrug , and reach for the money ... Jean - Marc whisper something to another patron ( disapprove of serge ) , and the patron nod in firm agreement ... but just then , serge notice through the open doorway : the comte do reynaud be happen by , greeting same pass townspeople . serge ( to roux , but suddenly shouting so reynaud will hear : ) this be a respectable establishment ! take you filth somewhere else ! the comte , hearing serge , step into the doorway - and he face harden when he see roux . at the sight of reynaud , all the patron straighten they posture , extinguish cigarettes , begin read newspaper , etc . comte do reynaud ( be : roux ) ts there a problem , serge ? serge no , monsieur fe comte. ( to roux ) go on - get out of here ! roux ( nonchalant ) sure. could ! have my money back first ? serge blearily look down at he own hand - suddenly realize he 's still hold roux 's cash . the comte raise a disapprove eyebrow at serge . serge ( nervously throw money back at roux ) ! do not want you filthy money ! get out ! roux lead gati towards the doorway where the comte be stand . but as roux approach , the comte do not move , block roux 's exit , the comte be stare coldly at he , a silent challenge , they face close together . then the comte , with sudden nonchalance , turn and saunter off down the street - as if to imply that the point have be make and he 's not go to waste any more time on roux . roux stand there a moment ... then wordlessly lead gati out of the cafe . int. / ext . chocolaterie - day roux and gati walk past one shop after another , each with a mimeographed flyer in the window . vianne ( 0.s. ) bonjour . they turn and see vianne in the doorway of she shop . vianne ( cont would ) I just make a fresh batch of mendiant - anybody interested ? gati ( shake she head no ) my tummy hurt . vanne I have get just the thing for that . roux what about '' boycott immorality " ? vianne what about it ? int . chocolaterie - minute later gati sit on a stool , contentedly chew on dried leave , anouk stand by , watch gati with the shy interest of a kid interested in make a new friend . vianne from a cocoa tree , a old remedy . gat tastes strange . vianne maybe daddy would like a taste . gati oh , he 's not my daddy . vianne look at roux . he nod and shrug , acknowledge that what gati say be true . gati ( cont 'd ) ( be silly ) he 's my pony . anouk smile . she hand gati a fresh - baked mousse cup : anouk here . it 's a lot better than that leave . gati plunge she finger into the mousse , then put she finger in she mouth . gati good . anouk want to see upstairs ? anouk take gati 's hand , gati hop off the stool , anouk ( cont 'd ) come on ! anouk run upstairs with gati follow . vianne look like she tummy feel better . roux ( sniff cocoa leaf ) you should bottle this stuff . vianne smile . int . bedroom - anouk's crawl space - same anouk and gati be squirming and giggle as they both try to squeeze into the cramped space at the same time . int . back downstair in the chocolaterie - same roux be look around at the mayan artifact decorate the shop . his §aze come to rest on the decorative tile of " elchuah " . he seem particularly fascinate by it . vianne observe roux appraisingly , as if decide something about he . she get a rum truffle and hold it out to he : vianne ( confidently ) go ahead . it 's you favorite . roux what make you so sure ? she get a rum . truffie , hand it to he : vianne go on , taste it . intrigue , roux eat the rum truffle . he nod in astonished appreciation : roux amazing ... vanne ( pleased with herself } thanks . | have a knack for guess . roux ( apologetic ) ... but it 's not my favorite . vianne ( throw off ) what ? gati come run down the stair with anouk . roux ( to gati ) ready to go ? roux take gati 's hand and lead she towards the door . vianne watch they 80 , slightly annoyed with herself for fail to guess roux 's favorite . on he way out , roux hesitates to inspect the shattered , board - up front door : roux ( cont 'd ) | could fix this . not with glass , but | could make you a good strong wooden door . vanne that 's nice of you . but I would insist on pay for you work . roux that make two of we . roux exit with gati . ext . town garden - day pere henri be singing as he work in the garden : pere henri " Blue , blue , blue suede shoe , Blue blue blue suede shoe -' out of the corner of he eye , he now see the comte approach - and pére henri literally change he tune in mid - sentence : pere henri ( cont would ) ( singing reverently ) *. and let the earth be joyful , and the tree sing in exaltation ... " ( turn to the comte } oh - good evening , monsieur le comte . | do not see you there . the comte regards pére henri grimly . comte do reynaud she 's laugh at we , pere henri pardon ? comte do reynaud the rocher woman . laugh at we tradition . now she 's get one of the tiver gypsy work for she ! pere henri ( a beat ) be that a problem ? after all , Christ teach we to give succor even to - comte do reynaud succor be well and good , pére . but when it undermine the moral foundation of the community ?! ( point to garden ) do you not pull out weed when they threaten you flower ? pere henri well , yes - comte do reynaud and just look at this ... the comte unfold a newspaper , show it to pére henri : comte do reynaud ( cont would ) she be solicit booth and street performer for a '' fertility celebration " on Easter Sunday ! | tell you , she 's cackle at we ! when be you soing to do something ? pére henri uneasily stare at the newspaper . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) the monsignor assure I you be not one of this " New Catholic '' one read about in Le monde - be he mistaken ? pére henri swallow hard , regard the comte with a mixture of respect and forebode ... int . chocolaterie - late afternoon roux be rebuild the door . anouk be hang out with he . she have a big slimy earthworm in she hand , study it with casual interest . roux what part of Australia ? anouk ( with factual authority ) a small town outside of sidney . roux what do he eat ? anouk leave , bug , bamboo shoot ... ( display worm in she hand ) ... and worm , of course . roux what about chocolate ? anouk ( '' do not be silly " ) kangaroos do not eat chocolate . vianne and joséphine , clean up the shop at day 's end , listen with amusement to roux 's conversation with anouk . roux well , but ... have he ever try it ? anouk whisper to " pantoufle " , then '' listen '' for he answer . then : anouk he 's not interested . roux ( playfully ) not interested ? monsieur pantoufle , you surprise I . a world traveler , not interested in new flavor ? josephine I have get a nice truffle here he could try . roux and joséphine exchange a wry glance . anouk confer with pantoufle , then : anouk no , but he thanks you for you kind offer . josephine ( to vianne ) very proper for a kangaroo . vanne ( nod ) his mother be british . roux monsieur pantoufle , | must protest . how do you know you do not like chocolate if you refuse to taste it ? anouk ( to roux ) do you like worm ? roux what - ? anouk how do you know if you have never taste one ? roux consider this . he impulsively take the worm from anouk 's hand - pop it in he mouth , chews and swallows it , maintain a brave , gallant expression on he face , thinly veiling he inner queasiness . joséphine and vianne be astonished . anouk be stare at roux with unabash admiration . finally : roux ( a gourmet judgment : ) subtle . Zesty . disgusting . anouk laugh delightedly . she look back at vianne with glee , as if to say : " be not this guy fabulous ? " then anouk turn to roux again ... and catch sight of he furtively setting the worm down just outside the doorway . ( he " palm " the worm , like a magician ) . anouk ( half -outrage ; half - delighted ) you trick I ! roux ‘( to worm ) go , my little friend ! be free ! anouk laugh . int . church - day the church be pack for palm sunday . parishioner hold the traditional rameaux ( ceremonial palm cross ) . pere henri nervously deliver he sermon , read from a prepare text : pere henri .. Satan wear many guise . at time , Satan be the singer of a lurid song you hear on the radio . at time , the author of a salacious novel . at time the quiet man lurking in the schoolyard , ask you child if he might join they game . the comte do reynaud watch pére henri intently , like a parent watch he child recite line in a school play . pere henri ( cont would ) and at time the maker of sweet thing . mere trifle . for what could seem more harmless , more innocent than ... chocolat ? the comte , he eye bright with pride and satisfaction , glance down at he own copy of the sermon , make sure pére henri be read it exactly right . ext . the makeshift fort in les maraud - the next day didi , dedou , and other kide be play La chévre ( like " tag " , only the person who 's " it have to make a soat noise . ) didi be now the goat . anouk come aver to join the same , taunting didi : anouk Bet you can not get I ! but didi ignore she and pursue another child . anouk ( cont would ) {running in front of didi ) come on , didi , | dare you . but didi actually go out of he way not to tag anouk - leave she confuse . then dédou sidle over to she : dedou we can not play with you anymore . you mother be Satan 's helper . before anouk can answer , dedout get tag : make a goat noise , he run off in pursuit of other child ... leave anouk stand there , perplex , alone . int . chocolaterie - afternoon roux be at work on the new door , which be almost do . vianne , in the doorway , see guillaume up the street , walk he dog charly . vianne hey guillaume ! guillaume stop in he track , flustered . vianne ( cont would ) I have get something new chariy 's go to iove . guillaume nervously glance at the Church ... give vienne a apologetic shrug , and head away from she . ( charly try to keep go toward the chocolaterie - but guillaume be forcefully pull he leash . ) vianne be stunne . roux ( softly ) it 's I . i should go . vianne no , it 's not you . it 's ... just then , vianne see anouk stride towards the shop : vianne ( cont 'd ) ( chagrine ) where have you be ? 1 be worried - anouk flounce right past vianne and roux into the shop . vianne ( cont would ) I be talk to you - anouk it 's just like all the other town ! anouk run upstairs . vianne hurry after she . roux and joséphine ( who be behind the counter ) share a troubled look . int . bedroom - same anouk race into she crawl space and disappear behind the mayan cloth curtain . vianne hurry into the bedroom - and see that anouk have burrow into the crawl space . vianne anouk ... vianne sit down on the floor next to the cloth curtain . vianne ( cont 'd ) just tell I what happen . anouk be you Satan 's helper ? vianne sigh . vianne ( softly ) it 's not easy , nou - now . be different . anouk why can not we go to church ?! vianne ( shrug ) you can if you want , but it will not make thing easier . anouk why can not you wear black shoe like the other mother ?! vianne be throw off by this strange remark ; she do not quite know what to say . omitted int . armande's house - night vianne sit by the fire sip cognac . armande stand at the fireplace , steadying herself with she cane while she use a iron poker in she other hand to rearrange burn log . armande !t be just a matter of time before he get to the new priest . see , the comte think of the church as one of he holding . which make pére henri one of he tenant . armande poke at a large log . but she muscle be weak ; the log will not budge . armande ( cont 'd} he 's a fine piece of work , we little nobleman . it 's no wonder he wife go sallivant off . she 's be in Italy for month , do you know that ? vianne ( troubled , quiet ) armande ... the whole town 's against I ... what can | do ? armande , frustrated by the large log , poke it absolutely as hard as she can - and the whole pile collapse with a explosion of ember . this make armande smile . armande ( with a sly twinkle ) throw I a party . vianne what ? armande Wednesday 's my 70th . let 's show the bastard we be ready to go down dance . vianne but ... 2 party ... ( sigh ) you be not well . you have to face it - armande okay okay okay . you do this for I , ! check into Le mortoir the very next morning , without a regret in the world ! vianne be deeply strike to hear this ... but shake she head no . vianne {f 1 throw @ party in this town , no one would come . armande sit down , pick up she cognac . armande they do not need to know who 's throw it . vianne armande , listen - armande no , you listen . this be what ! need. {a plea ) one fast night to be myself . one last night to live . vianne do not know what to say ... armande ( cont 'd ) ( soft , beseech ) when | need help ... | ask for it . ext . caroline and luc' house - day lue find a linen envelope in the mailbox , address to " luc and caro Clairmont . '' he pull out the invitation , which be write in festive calligraphy : mme. armande voizin request the favour of you company 70th birthday feast Wednesday , 25 March 5 p.m . no gift , please luc stare at the invitation with distress and uncertainty ... ext . roux be barge - day roux , sit with he bare foot dangle over the side , play a folk song ( the " wind theme " ) on he guitar . his foot tap the water 's surface in time with the music . angle to reveal vianne quietly step onto the barge . she stand there watch roux play he guitar . then she begin humming along with the melody . roux see she , and keep play . roux end the song with a improvised jazzy riff . vianne be impressed . vianne never hear that last part before . roux I neither . vianne my mother use to sing that song . when / could not sleep . roux do it heip ? vianne I still do not sleep . but yes . it help . roux how be the door ? vianne ( smile ) it squeak . roux how be anouk ? vianne she 's better . roux and how be you ? she hand he a linen envelope like the one luc get in the mail . vanne I be throw a party . ( betray a touch of nerve ) if anyone show up . roux who 's invite ? vanne a bunch of townspeople . roux consider this . roux ( genuinely curious ) tell I . why do you give a damn about pleasing this narrow - minded villager ? vianne , catch off -guard , do not know quite how to reply . roux ( cont 'd ) because you be scared of they . vianne blink at the truth in this , but immediately cover : vianne ( scoffing ) I be more afraid of my daughter 's kangaroo . you come to the party or not ? roux I can not . ( off vianne 's look ) there 's a boycott . against immorality . I be respect it . vianne ah . that be a problem . well then , | will leave you with this test of you conviction . she toss he a packet of chocolate cover almond . he catch they . roux what be this ? vianne highly immoral aimond -chocolate cluster . ( confidently ) you favorite . roux taste one : it 's incredible . he bow he head as if slain . roux be undone . ( a beat ) but it 's not my favorite . vianne shake she head in chagrin . she turn and start to walk away . roux ( cont 'd ) fil come by sometime and get that squeak out of you door . vianne ( not look back ) | know . int . chocolaterie kitchen - a series of shot vianne and josephine work feverishly to create a exotic feast of savory chocolate entree like wild hare in mole poblano sauce and turkey in cocoa / burgundy sauce ... we see they skin the hare ; scoring chestnut ; fry chily and bananas ; melting dark couverture shaving into bubbling sauce ... a strong wind blow through the open window , cool they perspire face . vianne wipe sweat from she neck , and she finger brush against the necklace she get from roux ... match CUT to : ext . roux be barge - night another necklace , unfinish , in roux 's hand . ( the wind be blow . ) roux be sit at he workbench , craft the necklace . he be relaxed , focus , do the kind of manual work he enjoy - - but the wind gust , and a hatch slam - and roux , startle , drop the necklace he 's work on . int . chocolaterie kitchen - night the wind be stil ! strong . vianne and joséphine , lavishly perspire and giddy with fatigue after many hour of cooking , each take a gulp from the bottle of burgundy they use for the sauce . vianne light a flame under a pot , and we : match CUT to : int . church - night another flame , this time from a candle that reynaud be lighting , in front of the statue of a severe - look saint . he cross himself , praying fervently for the restoration of morality . the wind gust into the church , make the candle flicker . reynaud worriedly shield the flame . ext . armande's front yard - day it 's a warm afternoon . a dozen party guest sit at a long outdoor table , quietly talk : a subdued gather . the dinner party be @ combination of formal and funky : Fine linen tablecloth , antique china - and garish crepe paper festoon the chicken - wire fence , among the guest be guillaume ( with charly ) , yvette , alphonse , baptiste , the three widows in black . armande look radiant in a old " flapper " dress , fur wrap , and cloche hat . josephine be fill wine glass . now the door of armande 's house open - and vianne and roux emerge , carry platter heape with vianne 's chocolate - lace entree . anouk , still look pouty , trail behind . the Party guest , stunne to see this '' outsider '' at the party , fall into uncomfortable silence . vianne and roux set down the platter . vianne ( with force good cheer ) ( a bit anxious ) do you think everyone have a good time ? seem like it all go pretty well - roux ( gently ) shhh ... she give he a look : '' alright then . " she hold he a little closer and let herself be sway by the music . vianne and roux be good dancer , sway sensuously in each other 's arm . anouk ( sit in @ corner with baptiste and gati ) yawn happily as she watch she mom dance with roux . armande and luc be sit on a large crate . armande , deeply exhaust , steady herself against luc . luc ( concerned ) mémé ? armande 's eyelid be droop . she look shaky . armande it 's nothing . I be ... tired . ( cail out : ) vianne . roux . vianne and roux stop dance and come over to armande . armande ( cont would ) thanks . this be ... thank you . roux you be leave ? vianne ( protest to armande ) the night be young . armande well I be not . help I up . vianne help she up ; armande be a bit unsteady on she foot . vianne ( worried ) armande ... armande oh for gadsake do not fuss . you will ruin a perfectly decadent evening . ( shake vianne 's hand ) I be not partial to big sloppy goodby . but vienne embrace the old woman , tightly , for a long time . ext . armande's house - later luc carefully help armande up the front step . the dirty dish from the party be still out . luc ( be : dish ) | can take care of - armande ( tiredly , weakly ) I be ... I will sleep in my ... chair tonight ... int , armande's house - night luc help armande , fully clothed , into she easy chair . she be fondly , distractedly finger the handcraft necklace she 's wear . luc gently remove she shoe and draw a quilt over she . armande give you mother a message for I . ( yawn ) she can pick I up at noon . luc ( puzzle ) pick you up ? armande ( exhaustedly ) tell she I be ready to go to Les mimosa . lue what ? armande you hear I . lue mémé , be you sure - armande go away now - shoo . can not you see I be busy ? armande close she eye , put a end to the discussion . luc l'iljust bring in a few dish , okay ? silence . luc reluctantly go outside . ext . roux be barge - later the party be over . anouk and joséphine be curl up asleep on a bench ; vianne and roux gently cover they with a eiderdow . then vianne take roux 's hand , and they wordlessly step into the " caboose boat " that 's tie to the back of the barge . they drift downriver in the caboose Boat , away from the barge ... int , caboose boat - a bit later the boat glide down the river . we hear the song of cricket from the riverbank . vianne do you like it ? take you home with you wherever you go ? roux it suit I . ( a beat ) you way must be harder . vianne look at he questioningly . roux ( cont 'd ) wherever you go , make a new home from scratch . vianne ( shrug ) maybe this time I will get it right . roux what do you mean ? vianne maybe I will stay . roux smile knowingly : who be you kid ? vianne ( cont 'd ) ( defensive ) what . roux you will always be @ wanderer . vianne shoot he a irritate look . roux ( cont 'd ) it 's @ compliment . vianne sigh , shake she head . to she it 's no compliment . after a moment : vianne do not you ever think about ... belong somewhere ? roux the price be too high . you end up caring what people expect of you . vianne be that so terrible ? have people expect something of you ? roux study she for a tong moment . roux ( gently ) you worry about anouk , be that it ? vianne hcaught off - guard ) what ? roux you know , all the move around - vianne oh please , do not be silly . she 's fine , she handle it beautifully , she make friend so easily , she 's such a unusual ... vianne stop short - hearing she own bullshit . vianne ( cont would ) ( quietly ) she hate it . it 's a sad , vulnerable moment for vianne . roux be study she with sympathetic understanding ... gently , tentatively , he lean towards she and lightly kiss she lip . and then they kiss begin to grow passionate ... and vianne and roux sink down to the floor of the boat , start to undo each other 's clothes ... ext . riverbank near roux be barge - night the barge be stil ! strung with lantern . all be quiet . then we see a man furtively approach the barge ... lug two large metal container ... reveal the man be serge muscat , smile a strange vehement smile . int . armande's house - kitchen - night luc do the dish , humming a song that the gypsy musician play ... int . the live room - night luc enter the darken room . armande 's cat sit next to the chair where armande sit motionless . luc see that armande 's quilt have fall off she ; he approach the chair and pick up the quilt ... ... and in the semi-darkness he sees that armande have a serene smile , and that her eye be OPEN , but lifeless ... luc mérmé ... lue , stunne , touch she ashen cheek . armande 's eye remain fix , motionless . luc see that armande 's lifeless hand be clutching something : luc 's portrait of she . luc smile slightly , he eye fill with tear ... int . caboose boat - night roux and vianne finish put they clothes back on , in tranquil silence . vianne playfully snap one of the suspender that roux wear over he T-shirt - he let out a surprised shriek . they both laugh ... ... until roux notice something low in the sky , around a bend in the river : a ominous flickering red-orange glow against the darkness ... roux 's smile fade . vianne what ? vianne turn and see the flickering glow in the sky ... and as she joy give way to concern , we : CUT to : ext . riverbank - minute later have guide the caboose boat onto the riverbank , roux and vienne now jump out onto land and run toward the flickering glow . ext . further down the riverbank - same vianne and roux come racing around the bend - and now see the source of the flicker glow : ext . the river tannes - same - where several of the houseboat be on FIRE - the flame bright against the night sky . some river gypsies be still on they boat , desperately struggle to put out the flame ; other be huddle on the riverbank , they face cover with soot , crying out in anguish . roux barge have be cut adrift and be float further down the river , engulfed in brilliant flame . vianne ( realize ) anouk ... vianne and roux run down to the river - - where vianne frantically search among the river gypsy on the riverbank - and see that anouk be not among they . vianne look across the water at roux 's barge engulf in flame . vianne ( cont 'd ) ( with horror and guilt ) oh no ! oh God ! vianne frantically leap into the water and swim towards roux 's burn barge . roux vianne ! roux hurry into the water and swim after she . vianne and roux swim desperately towards the barge ... ... and as they swim , the water all around they shimmer with the hellish radiance of reflect firelight ... ... and on roux 's barge , the flame reach the oil drum - which explode - and the barge collapse in a spectacular exhalation of flame . there 's nothing leave to save ... roux grab vianne , start pull she back to shore - but she fiercely shove he away , and swim suicidally towards the flame wreckage . roux ( cont would ) vianne , no ! he grab she again - and vianne , frenzied with anguish , flail at he . he lock he arm around she neck and forcefully pull flail vianne back through the water toward the riverbank . finally he pull she ashore . vianne , craze with grief and anger , pummel roux with she fist : vianne why do you stop I ?! roux it be too late - she pummel he repeatedly - and now he just stand there and take it , no longer try to restrain she . vianne Way do you stop I ?! why do you pull I away ?! anouk ( 0.s. ) maman ? vienne turn , and be astonished to see anouk and josephine approach . josephine ( quiet , shake ) we be look for you . vianne rush to anouk and desperately hug she - anouk be frighten by the fury of vianne 's embrace : anouk maman , you be hurt I - but vianne hug she even tighter . roux see the thin griz*le gypsy try to put out flame nearby . roux cast a quick glance back at vianne and anouk , then hurry over to assist the thin grizzle gypsy . ext . further down the river - same serge stand in the shadow , watch the fire . he 's no longer carry the large metal container . his perspire face be smear with soot . as he watch the boat burn , serge begin play the idle game we have see he play before : lighting match , toss they into the river ... dissolve to : int . chocolaterie - night vianne sit alone at the counter , she face grim and shadow . she run she hand along the countertop , very slowly , as if she be try to make sure that it physically exist , that it 's not a illusion . she look up , sense someone 's presence ... and sees roux outside , approach the shop . roux be about to knock on the door - but then notice that vianne be already look at he . she go to the door and open it . roux | just want to make sure - vianne yes we be okay . you ? roux nod : he 's okay . roux and |... | come to - vanne - to say goodbye . yes ! know . roux do not deny it . vianne look at he with a strange , sad sort of curiosity . roux what ? vianne you boat . ( a beat ) you have lose you home . roux no , it be just @ way to get from place to place . vianne how will you - roux ( a shrug ) my foot still work . a awkward moment : nothing else to say . roux ( cont 'd ) well , vianne well , roux turn to go . then he hesitates : roux vianne . listen . | - vianne I know . {'m sorry too . roux fail silent . as he turn and walk away , vianne softly close the door . int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night anouk be asleep - but vianne , huddle next to she , be wide awake , vianne ( fervidly singing ) via I 'bon vent , vila [ oli vent , vila I 'bon vent , mar mie m'appelle ... vianne be fearful , tremble , clutching she sleep daughter as if she will never let she go ... int , / ext . caroline's house - night luc enter - but caroline 's not there . he hear a noise from outside ... he look out the window : caroline be in the back yard fix a old bicycle , oiling a squeaky wheel . ext . caroline's house - same caroline work on the bicycle with grim resolve . luc emerge from the house , caroline ( work on bicycle ; not look up ) you papa use to ride it 14 mile to work every single morning . he would have want you to have it . ( a beat ) | want you to have it . caroline test the bicycle wheel ; now it spin smoothly . caroline ( cont would ) just do not ever run away again . okay ? she look up at he - and now see that something be deeply troubling he : caroline ( cont 'd ) what . he can not bring himself to tell she . his eye fill with tear . caroline ( cont 'd ) luc , what 's wrong . luc silently embrace he mother ... ext . knoll overlooking the river - the next morning the comte de reynaud stand atop the knoll , gaze down at the river gypsy : they be inspect the damage boat and beginning whatever repair be possible . from somewhere down among the river gypsy , we hear the sound of a baby crying . the comte nod grimly . comte do reynaud ( softly to himself ) '' and he will punish the world for they evil , and the wick for they iniquity ... " now the comte catch sight of : roux help another gypsy . roux glance up and see reynaud look at he . roux and reynaud lock eye for a long moment ... then roux resume help the other gypsy . ext . cemetery - day a harsh wind be blow . armande's funeral be well - attend ; most of the townspeople we know be here . luc , caroline , and the comte sit together in the front row of mourner . pere henri ( read @ prepare text ) .» though we can not know armande voizin 's last thought , we can hope they be thought of penitence . caroline furrow she brow , puzzle over pére henri 's word - as if not sure whether she agree . pere henri ( cont would ) we can hope she ask God to forgive the self - indulgence that aggravate she iliness , and cause she death . the comte now notice : vianne ( with anouk ) somberly stand nearby , slightly apart from the funeral . pere henri ( cont would ) and we can pause to re-examine we own life . we can resist that who would lead we into temptation . the comte give vianne a penetrate giare of accusation . vianne , unnerve , look away from he . she grab anouk 's hand and hurry away ... int . chocolaterie - day luc and caroline sit drink hot chocolate in sad , peaceful silence . sitting apart be joséphine ( who in she depressed state be morosely chomping on chocolate ) and vianne , who 's read a hand - write letter : armande ( v.0 . ) wd have a odd feel that | may not see you again . if |'m right , for godsake do not make a big fuss about it . thank you for my party . i'm sorry | could not be at you Festival , but I have see it so many time in my mind that it really do not matter . | send hug to you and anouk ... ( grudgingly ) .. oh , and | suppose to the kangaroo . ext . riverbank - day the wind be blow hard . vianne stand gaze darkly at the river : the gypsy boat be gone . the only remnant be piece of char wood and rusted metal . anouk play by herself in the makeshift fort . ( music over : the " wind theme " ) with grim resignation , vianne turn and face directly into the harsh , gusting wind - as if receive a bleak , expect message . anouk - see the ashen , defeat look on she mother 's face - stop play . she anxiously approach vianne . anouk maman ? the wind toss vianne 's hair and sting she eye . anouk ( cont would ) oworry ) May we go home now ? but vianne do not answer . she just keep face straight into the wind , she eye open wide . ext . town square - day the wind be blowing even harder now ; shutter flap wildly against ancient wall ( just like at the outset of we Story ) . omitted int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night joséphine , wear she apron and wiping cocoa powder off she hand , wearily enter the apartment 's kitchen and look around . josephine vianne ? in the bedroom : vianne be packing - stuff clothes into suitcase . ( anouk be asieep on the bed . ) vianne ( mumble to mayan urn} of course , maman . of course of course of course ... there 's a knock on the bedroom door . vianne fall silent . josephine ( 0.5 . ) vianne ? do you want I to start on the marzipan for the Festival ? vianne do not answer . she resume pack . joséphine enter - and be stunne to see vianne pack . josephine ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? vianne I be leave . josephine ( can not comprehend it ) what ...? vianne first thing in the morning . vianne continue pack with grim resolve . joséphine silently absorb the reality of it ... josephine no . you can not . no. vianne yes { can . joséphine throw she apron down , suddenly fierce : josephine good ! run away . but do not think I be go to take care of you chocolate ! vianne be startle by joséphine 's intensity . then vianne gently touch she shoulder , understanding she anxiety . vianne you have be a good friend . but vianne 's gentleness only deepen joséphine 's agitation : josephine js it because of armande ?! ts that why you be go ? vianne shake she head no . vianne it 's time , joséphine . that 's all . josephine it 's because of I , be not it . it 's always my fault . if | have not show up at you doorstep , you would be fine , everything would be fine - vianne that 's ridicufous . vianne resume pack - until joséphine grab she arm and turn she around : josephine if you leave , everything here will go back to the way it always be ! vianne ( yank she arm free ) it be the way it always be . joséphine see the hard certainty in vianne 's eye . after a moment : josephine ( quiet now , plaintive ) but vianne ... you belong here . vianne belong ? ( shake she head no ) this be who be . this be what ! have to do . vianne turn away from joséphine and resolutely resume pack . joséphine , stricken , slowly back out of the room ... int . town hall - mayor' office - night reynaud sit at he desk . he 's ostensibly work late ... but we see that he have be doodling with he pen ( tightly coiled , anal , geometric design ) in the margin of a document ; he 's somberly stare at the photo of the comtesse on he desk . caroline appear in the doorway , buttone up she coat : caroline I will see you tomorrow . reynaud stare at the photo for a moment too long before he look up at caroline . comte do reynaud pardon ? caroline just say goodnight . comte do reynaud yes . oh - goodnight . she see how distract he be . she step into he office . caroline | suppose ... ( indicate photo ) - uit can not be easy . have she go . the comte 's thought be far away ... comte do reynaud no . not easy , House feel so empty . can not seem to get use to it , no matter how much time ... reynaud stop himself , suddenly self - conscious . he see the way she 's look at he : with a odd mixture of skepticism and sympathy . embarrass , reynaud clear he throat : comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) I be ... hook forward to it . her return . after a long moment : caroline ( softly ) {do not believe anyone would think less of you ... the comte fook at she in mild puzzlement ... caroline ( cont 'd ) .». if you be to say she 's never come back . he be catch off-guard . he do not know how to respond . caroline ( cont 'd ) ( go ) goodnight , Paul . she turn and walk out . he 's disorient ... he almost call out after she . but he do not . ext . town square - outside town hall - night caroline walk away from town Hall , fold she arm against the harsh wind . suddenly josephine , breathless and upset , come run up to she : josephine | need to talk to you ... please ... os int . chateau do reynaud - dine room - night the comte 's dinner sit - untouched - on a plate . the comte have move a dinner candle so that it 's right in front of he on the table - and he be siowly lowering he hand down towards the flame ... .» until he hand be directly over the flame . he tremble from the searing pain of the fire against he hand - but he hold it there , smile victoriously through gritt tooth . now madame rivet lead serge into the doorway , then make herself scarce . | serge forgive I , monsieur le comte . May | come in ? the comte say nothing . serge enter . | comte do reynaud you again . serge sorry to bother you . | just ... ( a beat ) it be the right thing to do . be not it , monsieur le comte . the comte regards serge with irritate puzzlement . serge ( cont 'd ) I know it be . I know . of course . but |... it 's be hard for I , monsieur le comte . at night . dream . comte do reynaud ( annoyed ) what be you talk about ? serge the fire . the boat . in my dream . | know it be the right thing to do , | know that . but still ... the face . the scream . the comte look at serge with confusion ... and a dawn sense of dread . comte do reynaud the fire ... be a act of God ... serge ( swallow hard ) no . it be not . of ~ comte do reynaud ( not want to believe serge ) o~ ...@ just and avenge God ! | serge ( sheepish ) well , maybe him too . | the comte , horror-struck , glare at serge . serge 's gaze flick nervously between the comte and the burn candle . comte do reynaud | how cauld you possibly - serge because you want I to - you say something have to be do . ( a beat ; uncertainly : ) do not you ? comte do reynaud ! be the comte de reynaud ! Mayor of lansquenet ! serge ( confuse , mortify ) maybe | misunderstand ... comte do reynaud people could have die ! do you want they blood on you hand ? on my hand ? the comte stand up and glare at serge . they face be close together ; serge see the rage and disgust in the comte 's eye . serge ( nervously ) yes - / see - of course . | should go to pére henri . | should ask for forgiveness , comte do reynaud ( quiet ; seethe ) listen closely , serge . you be to leave my village . and never return . serge ( incredulous ) but monsieur le comte - why would I leave my home - my café - comte do reynaud I be evict you , that 's why . perhaps the next tenant will bother to pay the rent . serge be speechiess . ro comte do reynaud ( cont would ) go on - get out ! unless you would rather | tell the police what you have do . the comte shove serge repeatedly , back he up towards the door : comte do reynaud ( cont 'd ) get move ! out ! would you rather go to jail ?! serge back away in bewilderment . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) out ! out ! serge awkwardly stumble out ; the comte slam the door after he . ext . town square - dawn the wind be howling through the empty square . int , apartment above the chocolaterie - same vianne be get anouk dress while anouk sleep . the wind rattles the window . anouk stir awake to find vianne tug she little boot on . anouk wha ...? vianne ( gently ) time to go . anouk sit up - and see the pack suitcase . anouk oh no . vianne put on she own red capuchon - the same one she wear at the beginning of the story . anouk ( cont would ) I be not go . vianne it 's hard for I too . vianne hand anouk 's little red capuchon to she . anouk ( be : capuchon ) pantoufle detest this , vianne stop that . please put it on . anouk | hate you . vianne you be entitle . anouk sit there , refuse to put on the capuchon . vianne ( cont would ) | say put it on . anouk stubbornly fold she arm . angrily vianne grab hold of anouk , force the capuchon on she - anouk ouch ! vianne then do it yourself ! anouk fea not . vianne get up . anouk ( whiney , babyish ) {have a bad leg , like pantoufie . vianne stop that . get up ! anouk ( whiney ) pantoufle can not walk . | can not walk . vianne pick up two suitcase under one arm - then angrily grab anouk and forcibly pull her toward the stair - ~ but anouk be literally dragging her feet . vianne walk ! anouk you be hurt I ! vianne opull she ) stop be a baby . anouk { want to stay home ! vianne there be no such thing ! vianne pick anouk up and carry she kick and flail . angle - the stairway vianne be struggle to hold onto the suitcase under ane arm , while carry squirming anouk under the other arm . anouk let I go ! int . chocolaterie - same they reach the bottom of the stair , vienne 's angry face flushed with the effort of carry anouk and the suitcase - anouk let I go let I go ! anouk wrench free of vianne - and in the struggle , a suitcase be pull open - - and the mayan urn fail and smashes on the ground , scatter the ash that be inside it . vianne and anouk both fall silent . vianne stand there , stunne . anouk see the helpless horror in she mother 's eye ... and this make anouk afraid . anouk ( cont 'd ) ( worriedly ) I be sorty ... I be sorry ... vianne say nothing . just stare in shock at the ash . anouk , very frighten by she mother 's sudden vulnerability , suddenly get down on she hand and knee , desperately scoop the ash with she hand and put they into a suede pouch that have fall out of the suitcase . anouk ( cont 'd ) do not worry , maman . do not worry . vianne watch she little daughter pathetically struggle to put the ash into the suede pouch . anouk ( cont 'd ) the next town will be better - will not it , maman ? vianne be deeply shake by the sight of anouk desperately try to gather the ash , get it on she arm and bit of it in she hair . anouk ( cont 'd ) tt will it will be wonderful . anouk nervously hold up the pouch - which now contain most of the ash : anouk ( cont ' D} see ? everything 's fine ! we can go now . ( a fearful , desperate smile : ) everything will be fine - right , maman ? vianne stare at anouk with a strange , sad clarity ... as if see this fearful little girl for the first time . vianne wordlessly sit down at the bottom of the stair , she gaze faraway , as if she be try to figure out the answer to some horrible riddle ... anouk ( cont 'd ) maman ? !'m ready to go now , okay ? vianne say nothing . and then she notice : a shaft of light come through the partly - open door of the chocolaterie 's kitchen . vianne hear activity - the soft clanking of pot and stee ! utensil , people 's hushed voice - come from the kitchen . vianne be silent , confuse ... vianne cautiously approach the kitchen door . she open the door to reveal : int . chocolaterie kitchen - same josephine busily lead a platoon of kitchen volunteer - guillaume , madame audel , yvette , alphonse , luc , caroline - all pitching in : mixing hot cream into melt couverture ; chopping almond ; piping fondant into chocolate shell ; roll truffy in cocoa powder ; sprinkle grate couverture onto coffee cream tongue ... vianne stand in the doorway , dumbfounded , stare in disbelief ... josephine ( busily supervise ) guillaume , do not be afraid to smother that truffle , we have get plenty of cocoa . {to vianne ; casually ) oh , hi . the volunteer keep work . vianne , deeply mave , gaze at they ... josephine ( cont 'd ) ( to yvette ) | think baptiste need @ hand with the grater . anouk join vianne in the doorway ... and be equally overwhelm by the sight of the volunteer at work . josephine ( gently , to vianne ) how do this almond look ? vianne 's eye fill with tear . she be incapable of speech . josephine ( cont 'd ) be they chop fine enough ? vianne stare tearfully , wordlessly , at joséphine and the other . josephine ( cont 'd ) be they okay , vianne ? still stare at the work volunteer , vianne gently put she arm around anouk 's shoulder . finally , almost imperceptibly , vianne nod yes , int . town hall - mayor' office - late afternoon the comte do reynaud , sit at he desk , be coach pere henri on tomorrow 's sermon . pére henri stand read : pere henri " Christ be rise " - and with he , all we hope for self - renewal . my friend , let this Easter day be for we , too , a rebirth . let we strive - comte do reynaud no no no - do not bury the word " rebirth " - let it ring aut . you be challenging you parishioner to resurrect they own moral awareness ! pére henri uneasily look at he . the comte appear almost feverish : ashen -face , perspire , he hand tensely fidget with a cast- iron letter opener . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) come come come , try it again . pere henri 1 ... think we have go over it enough . let 's call it a day . comte do reynaud what ? pere henri I be - comte do reynaud Fine fine fine . why do not you leave the text with I , | may have a few more suggestion , pere henri thank you , monsieur le comte , but I would just as soon - comte do reynaud ( anxious , insistent ) just small suggestion - a slight revision here and there . we want it to be perfect for tomorrow , do not we ? pere henri ( sigh ) yes , yes of course , monsieur le comte . CUT to : int . chocolaterie - evening vianne and her helper install a elaborate display in she shop window - far more lavish than anything she 's ever do : chocolate figure of duck , lamb , rabbit ... and " EL - chuah , * the mayan patron saint of cacao . int . town hall - mayor' office - evening the comte still in he office , fervently poring over the text of the sermon , make revision . comte do reynaud ( read ) '' we must resist the shallow , worldly ... ( pen a revision : ) *. anust renounce the shallow , worldly temptation ... " the comte look even more pale and overwrought than before . he 's have trouble concentrate . he get up and begin pace , he hand still fidget with the cast- iron letter opener . he idly glance out he window : the comte' p.0.v. : vianne walk out of she shop to admire the window display . back to scene : the comte furrow he brow , then force himself to resume work on the sermon : comte do reynaud ( mumble to himself ) * _. must renounce the shallow , worldly temptation of we mortal flesh ... '' the comte , still too agitate to concentrate , once again glance out he window : the comte' p.0.v. vianne , admire the window display , be now join by she various helper ... include caroline . back to scene : the comte involuntarily let out a strangle whine , like a dog who 's just be kick . comte do reynaud ( a stunne whisper ) caroline ... int . church sanctuary - night the comte be alone in the empty sanctuary , kneel at the altar with he eye close : comte do reynaud ( bitterly ) all my effort have be nothing . the comte open he eye and look pleadingly up at the figure of crucified jesus on the altar : comte do reynaud ( cont would ) have | not suffer willingly ?! stale bread and water ! | can not think , | can not sleep , I can not - the comte 's voice be echoing through the empty church . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) ( try to calm himself } I be sorry . I be sorry . my suffer be nothing . the comte be stare up at crucify Jesus , whose eye gaze placidly heavenward . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) it 's just that I be lose . | do not know what to do . silence . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) what do you want I to do ? he be silent for a long moment , wait for he answer . and then ... it seem to come to he . the comte look down at he own hand , which be still grasp the letter opener , he get up and head out of the church , ext . the town square - outside the church - night the church door be flung open , and the comte stride out ... int . chocolaterie kitchen - same Dark and quiet . suddenly the back window be shove open - and the comte crawl in , flashlight in one hand and the letter opener in the other . his eye ablaze with holy purpose , he stealthily walk through the kitchen ... int . chocolaterie - same the comte quietly hurry to the display window - where he flashlight ituminate the chocolate statuary of animal gaze at he with innocent opaque chocolate eye and " EL chuah " smile a exaggerated thick - lipped smile . the comte shudder . then he flashlight find : a chocolate statue of a woman tower above the reliquary - she feature vaguely mesoamerican , she graceful milky - brown arm hold a sheaf of chocolate wheat , she rippling hair a darker , more lustrous grade of chocolate . the comte swallow hard . wield he letter opener like a dagger , he hack off the chocolate woman 's hand . smiling with strange , fervid rectitude , the comte hack off the chocolate woman 's head and arm . he cackle like a naughty child , with a mixture of fear and triumph . he hack the statue repeatedly , savagely , reduce it to a rubble of brown shard . he turn to a chocolate lamb and begin hack it to piece - - but as he do , a piece of dark chocolate fly up and stick to the comte' lip . he unthinkingly lick the piece of chocolate - and it make he groan with amazement and yearn : comte do reynaud mon dieu ... he swallow the piece of chocolate - it make he woozy with arouse hunger . without think , he put another small piece of chocolate in he mouth ... comte do reynaud ( cont would ) ( to himself , try to resist ) no no ... he eat another small piece ... his eye be moist with long ... on the floor , scattered among the chocolate animal , lie a treasure trove of loose candy . comte do reynaud ( cont would ) mon dieu , just one more ... he snatch a White rum truffle and stuff it in he mouth ... he try a cerisette russe , and then a kirsch roll ... he close he eye , groan with pure unthink animal pleasure , overwhelm by he terrible hunger , intoxicate by vianne 's seductive confection ... and then he 's down on he knee , scavenge , shove one luscious candy after another into he chomping mouth : a three - nut bittersweet cluster , a manon blanc , a apricot marzipan , a grappa creme , a croquant peak ... .. and soon he 's roll among the chocolate on the floor , lose himself in they , stuff they into he mouth - he red-flush face intermittently illuminate by the harsh beam of he fall flashlight ... as he chomp ravenausly on the candy , the comte be weep , he 's moan , he 's whimper , he 's jaughing ... he 's as free and oblivious as a suckling infant ... dissolve to : ext . town square - dawn pére henri arrive at the church . int , chocolaterie - day the comte lie contentedly asleep in the display window , surround by the chocolate shard of the two statue he smashed . ( the other chocolate statue be intact . ) close angle - the sleeping comte begin to sniff something . fizz be tickle he nose . his eye flutter open , and : angle to reveal vianne kneel beside he , hold a glass of carbonate water under he nose . behind vianne stand josephine and anouk - and pere henri , who jook on in troubled astonishment . the comte 's eye widen with mortification as he realize where he be ... vianne ( gently ) drink this . the comte regards she with wordless fear and alarm . vianne ( cont would ) it will refresh you . there 's no chocolate in it , ! promise . the comte be utterly confuse : why be vianne help he ? vianne ( cont would ) ( softly ) go ahead , drink , the comte take a sip . it seem to help he a little . pére henri be intently watch vianne help the comte . comte do reynaud ( be : the mess he 's make ) 1 . I be sorry , h... vianne T will not tell anyone . this perplex the comte even more : she 's willing to protect he ? close angle - pere henri be deeply strike by vianne 's kindness towards the comte. vianne ( cont 'd ) ( gently , to the comte ) better get clean up . ( indicate the church ) Easter Sunday . the comte nod , daze . with vianne 's help , he unsteadily get to he foot . the comte gulp when he see pére henri stand there . comte do reynaud ( eye glaze ; to pére henri ) the sermon ... | do not get a chance to ... it 's not finish . pére henri look at the comte for a long moment ... then at vianne . finally : pere henri I will think of something . int . church - later the congregation be silent , watchful , as young pére henri step forward to begin he Easter sermon . pére henri look scared ... but also determine . pere henri ( voice quavering ) 1 ... be not sure ... what the theme of my homily today ought to be . ( clear he throat ) do | want to speak of , uh ... the miracle of we Lord 's divine transformation ? ( a beat ; very nervous . ) not really . no. various member of the congregation look puzzle , concerned . pere henri ( cont would ) | do not really ... feel like talk about his divinity . some member of the congregation give each other worried look . some shift uneasily in they pews . pere henri ( cont would ) I would rather talk about his humanity . mesdame rivet and pouget , they curiosity pique , be listen intently to pére henri . pere henri ( cont would ) i mean , you know , how he live he life here on Earth . his kindness . his tolerance . ( a beat ) listen . here 's what | think . yvette and alphonse be hold hand in they pew , watch pére henri . pere henri ( cont would ) | think we can not go around measure we goadness by what we do not do . by what we deny ourseive . what we resist . and who we exclude . madame audel ( who 's no longer wear all black ) be sit next to guillaume ... who smile slightly as he listen to pére henri . pere henri ( cont would ) I think we have get to measure goodness by what we embrace . what we create , ( a beat ) and who we include . all the way in the back of the church sit the comte do reynaud - dishevel , silent , look up towards the pulpit with a sort of stunne humility in he eye ... storyteller ( v.0 . ) all who attend mass that Easter Sunday still remember the curé 's homily . it be certainly not the most fiery sermon he would ever preach , nor the most elegant . caroline , listen to the sermon , gently put she arm around luc be shoulder . storyteller ( cont would ) but the parishioner feel a new sensation that day . a lighten of the spirit ... ext . the town square - hour later the festival du chocolat be in full swing : vianne have stock outdoor table with chocolate wonder ; vendor in booths sell everything from chanterelle to carve doll . a juggler and a FIRE - eater entertain a enthralled crowd , storyteller ( v.0 . ) a freedom from the old tranquillitE . vianne and josephine sell confection to a throng of customer ... anouk eagerly hunt for Easter egg with didi , dedou , baptiste , and other child ... madame audel stand hand - in-hand with guillaume , excitedly watch the juggler and the fire-eater ... charly be chase the female dog twice he size across the Square ... caroline happily watch luc play a energetic game of roulette de vélo with a group of boy ... storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) even the comte de reynaud feel strangely ... release . the comte , carry a fresh warm baguette , hesitantly approach caroline . he tear off a piece of bread and rather awkwardly offer it to she . she accept it , and take a bite . then the comte eat a piece of bread himself : not guiltily , not ravenously - just eat like a normal person . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) . although it would be another six month before he would work up the nerve to ask caroline out the dinner . the comte smile , very tentatively , at caroline ... and she , very tentatively , smile back . int . the cafe formerly run by serge muscat - day joséphine , confident and in - charge , work the counter of the busy café - which have be beautifully refurbished . storyteller as for joséphine , she take over the lease at the old café - and give it a new name . angle to reveal that the old sign behind the bar ( " café de la république " ) have be replaced by a new sign : '' cafe armande . " ext . chocolaterie - night once again the wind be blow hard . once again the shutter be banging against the wall . ( music over : the " wind theme " ) storyteller ( v.0 . ) but still , the clever North wind be not satisfied ... int . apartment above the chocolaterie - night anouk be asleep , but vianne lie awake , stir by the wind , vianne get up and open the window - so that the howl of the wind be very loud . storyteller ( v.0 . ) the wind speak the vianne of town yet to be visit ... vianne glance at she red capuchon hang on a closet hook , then at the suede pouch holding her mother' ash on the table . storyteller ( cont would ) Friends - in -need yet to be discover ... vianne turn and face the wind , as if draw to it by some powerful , inescapable instinct . her eye be sparkling with intensity ... anouk wake up - and be distress to see she mother seemingly entrance by the wind . storyteller ( cont would ) Battles yet to be fight ... then , with great conviction and finality , vianne shut the window and firmly lock the latch . storyteller ( cont would ) ( wryly ) .»by somebody else next time . vianne smile serenely to herself ... and anouk , unseen by vianne , breathes a huge sigh of relief . dissolve t0 : ext . the river tannes - sunrise it be summer , the wildflower in full , glorious bloom . in the far distance we see the sail of a SMALL boat be borne by the wind along the river tannes , head towards we . we can barely discern the figure of a dark - haire man on the boat ... int . chocolaterie - morning vianne come downstairs in a robe - and discover roux working on the front door , readjust a hinge . roux see vienne . he maintain a poker face . so do she . roux ( ostensibly refer to door ) just need ... a adjustment . hope it will be better now . storyteller ( v.0 . ) of course , | know roux 's return have nothing to do with a silly old door . vianne ( a beat ) | think it 's go to be fine . roux smile ever- so-slightly . angle to include anouk come down the stair in she pajamas and see roux . anouk roux ! anouk , delighted , run over to roux and hug he . vianne go to the counter ( where she have already prepare a pot of hot chocolate ) . she begin pour hot chocolate into three cup . roux ( to vianne ) think you would never guess . vianne look up , give he a puzzle look . , roux ( cont ) ( point at the steaming drink ) my favorite . hot chocolate . vianne ( obviously lie ) mm-hm . | know that . vianne and roux both smile . ext . chocolaterie - minute later we be outside looking in through the window at anouk , vianne , and roux sit at the counter , quietly have a simple french breakfast of bread and hot chocolate . anouk dip two piece of bread into she cup - and hand one to roux and one to vianne . then anouk get up and go to the window , gaze out . storyteller ( v.0 . ) and pantoufle ? well , he bad jeg miraculously heal ... anouk's p.0.v . - through the window pantoufle - the kangaroo - be hopping away , across the town square . storyteller ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) .. and he hop off in search of new adventure . and then pantoufle dissolves into thin AIR , and be go . storyteller ( cont 'd ) | do not miss he . ext . town square - same quiet and peaceful . a solitary balloon dangle from the statue of Auguste rené christophe de reynaud . the camera slowly rise up from the town square ... drift up , up , and away from the little village .