christ complex written by Jeffrey Scott Richards fade in : close shot - quinn' leg a nervous leg shake under the table . the appendage seem to be attach to someone who have a lot on they mind . int . cafe -day louis , a college student in he late twenty stare at a friend who be sit off screen . Louis be calm , almost villainous in how collective he be . he stare at this unseen friend , try to assess the cause for he anxious state . louis ( smug ) something be bother you ... we finally see quinn , also in he late twenty . he be obviously uneasy about be out in public with this person . quinn I appreciate the faux concern but I be fine . Louis be take aback . louis my concern be genuine ... quinn with we history can you honestly say you care about my well be ? louis yes I can , we connection be a product of destiny . I have no ill- will against you . quinn scoff . quinn 1941 - louis - the Stephen speilberg film ? quinn no , there be that little french girl I like . you.. you violate she and torch she farm kill she family - 2 . louis - actually you be jack up the story , I violate she father in front of she ... then I torch the farm . quinn well ... that make it ten time better . louis quinn that be war , people do crazy thing midst of wide spread conflict . I have get jade over time . it 's not like the dark age when I have style . quinn when you would rape the horse and ride away on the woman ? louis yeah I be such a ham . ( beat ) quinn , this be what we do . I have get carry away in the past , but now I be tired . I just want to get this over with . it 's we call , we help bring order and balance to the universe . ( beat ) maybe I would feel less remove if you would let I win just once . quinn this be not a 1930 's box match . if I take dive , I be not lining the pocket of some bookie ... I be bring on the apocalypse . Louis take a drink of he coffee . louis see at least we obligation would be over . quinn Louis I might be nervous , but I accept my role as savior of this world . ( beat ) we have be do this for year - louis - century - quinn - and in 5 day we will do the same thing we have always do . ( more ) 3. quinn ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) we will fight to the death . louis Atta ' boy ! titlecard : christ complex int . cafe -day-moment later we pan across the cafe to the table of zoey and rick , a young college age couple . Zoey be obviously try to have a serious conversation , while Rick hide behind he laptop use it as a shield . zoey ... I be not say this be a intervention . Rick do not look up from he laptop screen . rick would not there be more people here if it be a intervention ? zoey see and I do not want it to be - rick ( disinterested ) - that 's because it 's not zoey it 's just ... I mean ... be you gambling again ? rick ( totally remove ) nope . zoey because ...um ... the laptop , and you never go anywhere with out it - rick - it 's my lifeline - zoey - yeah well ... I just know when I meet you I save you from that downhill spiral ... you know ...uh ... the online poker - 4. rick - I be not a project , you know that right ? zoey of course not ... I never say you be . rick because you act like it ... I wonder if I do not have this " so call problem " if you would have even be interested in I . zoey of course I would . I just - rick - take it upon yourself to save people . zoey ok ... maybe . honestly we have to save each other , who else be go to do it . rick ( continue to be remove ) people could just save themselves . zoey true . be that human nature ? people rely on false deity , self help book ... Rick the day I realize we be alone in the universe be the day I realize we have to be there for each other . ( beat ) plus do not you find it romantic that I want to save you ? like a movie ... rick so we relationship be like a romantic comedy ? zoey ( dreamy ) a cameron crowe romantic comedy . rick oh well ... so do you want to see what I be do on the computer ? Zoey feel like she have break down the " wall " . zoey yes ...of course ! 5 . Rick spin the computer around . rick check that out Lloyd dobler . zoey ( shock ) be that ... porn ? rick Red tube ... like you tube ... but with porn . zoey um .... ( lightbulb ) wait ... be that ? rick oh yes ... zoey we have sex ? rick oh yeah ... Rick reach over and point at the laptop screen . rick ( cont 'd ) I love the part come up . ( beat ) you know where I put you leg behind you head and yell " hump bunny ! " zoey yeah ...um ... I be not ok with this ... rick yeah ...ok ... I be also break up with you . zoey what ? - rick - yeah not work any more for I - zoey what the hell ?!? how be it not work ?!? rick you be yell ... you know I do not like confrontational situation . 6 . zoey I be not try to be confrontational ... I just ... you be break up with I ? rick - yeah ... can I have my laptop back now ? Zoey , still confuse , slowly turn the laptop back toward Rick . rick ( cont 'd ) ( look at the screen ) this part be fuck priceless . Zoey be bewilder . ext . park -afternoon Louis kick at the ground , almost as if he be search for something . his foot finally rest on a break tree limb . he place he foot under it and kick it up to he right hand . louis this will do . he throw it over to quinn , who catch it in one swift move . quinn so what be you want to do ? Louis search around for a stick of he own . louis I figure we would train ... quinn why ? Louis find what he be look for as he spin he limb into attack position . louis because you dominate I every time - ( beat ) - ohh that sound dirty quinn so you want I to help you get a advantage ? 7. louis no , I want you to help I put on a good show . everyone love a good climax quinn . park-riverside-continuous Zoey sit on a bench beside she best friend anna . Zoey be completely distant , as Anna 's word pass through she into thin air . anna you know I do not like interject myself into other people 's affair but - zoey ( barley pay attention ) - but you be go to anna you let Rick do this to you . zoey ( snap to it ) how so ? anna you think you can change the man you be with . you can not get into a relationship with someone in the hope that you can mold they into the person you want they to be . zoey Rick need someone stable - anna - Rick need castrate . zoey that 's slightly strong . anna he be a asshole . zoey misunderstood - anna - ok I will meet you half way ... misunderstand asshole . ( beat ) you have be repeat the same cycle you whole entire life . 8. zoey now that 's a little off base . CUT to : animated sequence flashback zoey 10 year old a young boy be sit on another little boy 's head . it look like he be pass gas on he . anna ( v.o . ) remember billy , who use to give kid the " dirty bomb " ? you take it upon yourself to change this behavior - the boy be now do the same to Zoey . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - this put you right in the cross-hair to be he next victim . zoey 13 year old zack , a young teenager be sell drug on the street corner . his bag of coke should be exaggerated , as well as the customer come up to buy from he . think if South Park be cross with HBO 's the Wire . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) good old Zack the neighbourhood drug dealer - Zoey take Zack into a room label " rehab " on the door . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - you take it upon yourself to be he personal savoir . what do it get you ? Zack be out with Zoey when a few of he old gang friend show up look to collect . Zack open he pocket to show he do not have any dough on he . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well when Zach 's old business partner want to collect on a debt - Zack slowly push Zoey toward they . 9 . a few day later we see Zoey be use as a human coffee table as the gang use she back to cut cocaine . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - they use you to replace they miss coffee table they break during a drunken party . zoey 17 year old . a gang member look directly into the camera . he smile show he golden grille . anna ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) - and then you have toothpick . what kind of name be toothpick ? zoey ( v.o . ) it be he gang name . anna ( v.o . ) of course . it 's prom night and toothpick be in he " pimp " tux . he take a swig of he " 40 " while he dance with Zoey . anna ( cont 'd ) we will not talk about prom night . needless to say it be not romantic . toothpick and Zoey be in a hotel room . toothpick be stand over Zoey , who be facedown on the bed . it appear he be urinate on she . it 's hard to tell with the black censor bar . end sequence back to : park-riverside -present day zoey exaggeration - anna - accurate account of event ... the story of you romantic life - zoey - unfair . because this people need someone who be go to sacrifice they own need for they . 10 . anna why ? zoey who else be go to do it ? we be alone in the universe . if we be go to make it through this " crazy world " we need to look out for each other . anna I think you use atheism and the whole " we be alone in the universe " jive to justify you action . ( beat ) I regret take you to see dawkin because you use that as a fall back to be codependent . zoey first of all you be bitter about the whole dawkin thing , because you flashed he you tit and get we kick out - anna - you do not even know the first thing about " the God delusion " until I give you a copy - zoey - and someone who be huge supporter turn she back because Richard dawkin do not like she nipple pierce - anna ( playful banter ) - enjoy you suite in hell non- believer - zoey ( more banter ) - enjoy you delusional life there fence sitter . how about you pray to thor to hit I with a lighting bolt so I can be remove from this asinine conversation . anna you be hide behind this religious debate because you do not want to admit you have always gravitate toward the " wrong type " of guy . Zoey be stare off into space . 11 . zoey ( detach ) I actually stop listen to you . anna what be you stare at ? Zoey point at quinn and Louis , who be fight with tree limb in the distance . zoey who be that guy ? anna the one close to we be quinn . very weird , socially awkward type of guy . I do not know who he friend be . zoey what be they do ? anna I do not know . look like that stuff my ex - Rob be into - zoey oh that medieval rugby style game - anna - yeah the make up sport from " blood of heroes " ... oh... jugger !- zoey - sound pornographic . ( beat ) so quinn ? what else do you know about he ? anna oh no you do not ! this be exactly what I be talk about ! Anna sense something in Zoey that she be try to hide . anna ( cont 'd ) wait a second ? you have already establish contact with quinn ? zoey what be this MI - 6 ? anna you have you sight on he already ! 12 . zoey no , I be just curious . anna what happen ? dissolve to : title card : 2 hour ago park-riverside-earlier Zoey be overcome with emotion as she make she way down to the riverside . she be hold something tight in she hand . close up -hand as she hand open a class ring be digging into she palm . it appear this might have belong to Rick . park-riverside still teary eye , Zoey angrily throw the ring toward the river . a gust of wind cause the ring to curve and it slam into the temple of a man sit on a park bench . Zoey walk over to apologize and meet quinn for the first time . zoey ( make she way to the bench ) I be so sorry quinn rub he temple and then reach down to pick up the ring . quinn ( hand the ring back to she ) be this yours ? she take the ring and shove it into she pocket . zoey kinda ... again I be so sorry . quinn no need to apologize . quinn scoot over and motion for she to sit . 13 . quinn ( cont 'd ) do you want to sit ? zoey ( unsure ) ok ? Zoey sit , still apprehensive . zoey ( cont 'd ) ( reach she hand out ) I be Zoey . quinn ( he return the gesture ) quinn . ( beat ) Zoey ? interesting . zoey oh name ? yes , most people have interesting storey behind they name ... honestly I have nothing . not sure why my parent do that . quinn very unique . zoey ( smile ) I suppose that 's a compliment . so I have see you around school , but never really ...in...class ... quinn I do not go to Marshall , I live near the campus though . zoey oh , well so what do you do ? quinn as in profession ? I do not really have one . zoey really ? Rent be insane around here ... quinn yeah , my father provide for I . zoey that 's pretty cool . what 's he into ? 14 . quinn everything . zoey a entrepreneur ... that 's awesome . ( beat ) well ... so do you like come down here ? quinn to the river ? zoey ( smile ) yes where we be right now . quinn I just need to think . zoey yeah I too . I just suffer a break up . quinn my apology . zoey no it 's ok . I mean I be over it . quinn ( laugh ) my head disagree . zoey I be sorry . quinn it 's really ok . zoey so what do you need to think about ? I mean if I be not pry of course . quinn no , I just have some problem . ( beat ) I be not sure about my call in life . zoey I be not sure anyone be . you know if you need a friend , I would be glad to ... well you know ...listen . quinn I would appreciate that . I do not have many friend . 15 . zoey I know . ( try to double back ) I mean ... I have see you around campus ... you seem like a loner ... I do not mean you be a loser . loner be kind of sexy , loser ... well can kind of be too ... I will stop . quinn no , it 's ok . I agree it never hurt to have a friend . zoey so we can maybe go out to dinner if you want ? quinn ok ... zoey and I can pay , you know .. make up for the head ... quinn you really do not have to . zoey no I want to . quinn ok . zoey well ... ( beat ) good let 's meet up tonight . my place , 7pm . CUT to : title card : 7 pm int . zoey and anna's apartment-7pm jack , a 20 year old gay man who love he a good " cosby sweater " , be sit at the computer desk " surfing " on the desktop . Anna walk up from behind and run she finger through Jack 's hair . 16 . jack so when do Ted Bundy get here ? we follow Anna across the room where she plop herself down on the couch . anna I promise she we would behave . a knock be hear at the front door . anna ( cont 'd ) although knock right as I sit down do not endear he to I ... Jack get up from the desk . jack you sit you pretty little ass down hooker . Anna adjust herself back down into the comfy couch . anna this be why I do not need a boyfriend . you be way to good to I . Jack open the door to reveal quinn . jack look at this mother fucker . he rudely motion he to come in and sit down . jack ( cont 'd ) Zoey be in the bathroom get ready for a night of manipulation , sit the fuck down . quinn ( confuse ) um ...ok ? in almost the same beat , Zoey walk into the room . zoey quinn , be he be rude ? quinn ( look at Jack ) no quite pleasant . Zoey reach out she hand to help quinn off the couch . 17 . zoey let 's go . jack ( look at quinn ) I will call the state police in a fuck heart beat if she be not here by midnight . quinn ( still confuse ) ok ? Anna grab the remote try to ignore the situation . zoey Anna , you go to call the guard dog off ? anna ( out of it ) David Smith 's candytaker be on tonight . I be relax and not get in the middle . quinn ( to Jack and Anna ) Nice meeting both of you . jack get the fuck out . zoey ( to Jack and Anna ) do not wait up Zoey and quinn leave the apartment as Jack stare dagger . ext . apartment-continuous Zoey shut the door and then turn to stop quinn . zoey sorry about Jack ... quinn I like he . 18. int . restaurant-moments later Zoey and quinn be enjoy they meal at this fancy upscale establishment . quinn pick up he menu , run he finger down though the menu item . quinn Zoey I would be more than happy to pay . zoey no not at all . this be on I . quinn I can cover dessert at least . zoey listen quinn , I be a atheist - quinn - so you do not want dessert ? - zoey - no , I just want to get it out of the way . it bother people , I mean in this state especially . quinn put down the menu . quinn it do not bother I . zoey really ? quinn I do not believe anyone be truly a atheist at the end . zoey I be pretty sure I be really a atheist . quinn why 's that ? zoey because I be a logical thinker . ( beat ) I do not mean to offend , I be guess you be religious . quinn one support the business they be in I guess . 19 . zoey oh my God you be in the ministry . quinn ( smile ) kind of . zoey my father be a " fire and damnation " preacher . Baptist ... he 's ... quinn he 's ? zoey it 's nothing . ( beat ) sorry I do not mean to rock you world . quinn ( smile ) you do not . zoey you poor thing . you be probably so desperate for friend - quinn ( laugh ) what ? zoey have you think about St John 's wort ? quinn you be a very cryptic speaker . zoey no I be think out loud mostly . I be just ... well ... you have some social awkwardness . quinn ok ? zoey well you be latching on to religion to make you feel whole . it do not make you feel whole , or at least as whole as you think it would - quinn you be kind of right on that one . 20 . zoey so you be out with I ... I represent everything you be bring up to combat . you be miss something and you be look for help . quinn I be look for help . I be out with you though because I be interested in get to know you . zoey ( smile ) see I be good at read people . quinn ( roll eye , smile ) kind of . zoey I do not know quinn you seem like a lose soul . I think that when I see you by the river . quinn you like lose soul do not you ? zoey yeah I actually do . someone need to save they . quinn you go to save I ? zoey if you let I . quinn I think you might be able to . zoey ( endear smile ) so what do you need quinn ? quinn ( smile ) dessert . int . zoey and anna's apartment-later Jack be pass out drool on the couch . Anna and Zoey be cross legge on the floor in the midst of " girl talk " . 21 . anna I do not know , he seem fishy . zoey he seem harmless . anna I have hear that a million time . zoey I know . he 's in the ministry - anna - and you hate organize religion . zoey I know and he 's understanding of that . anna plus it 's to my understanding he do not actually admit what he do . he just do a bunch of double talk . zoey it be understand . anna yeah again ... not feel confident in you choice . please Zoey ... ( beat ) ... be careful this time . title card : 4 day left int . quinn' room-day quinn be sleep in he bed . his room be rather bare , with the exception of the basic live necessity . it almost appear like a room at the " y " . close up - edge of bed a foot be see kick the bed , startling quinn . quinn' room quinn fly out of bed and see Louis lean against the wall with he arm cross . louis where be you last night ? 22. quinn ( get he bearing ) out ... think . louis you have do a lot of mop and think over the century . it kind of bring I down . quinn so what do you need ? louis train . ext . OPEN field -day Louis and quinn walk out into a huge open field . Louis be carry a black tote bag that he drop on the ground . louis now this be a place for a climatic battle . quinn not bad . quinn point at the bag quinn ( cont 'd ) what 's in the bag ? louis you will love this . Louis go to the tote bag and start to unzip it . louis ( cont 'd ) I go to the toy store last night and pick this up . he reach into the bag and pull out two " nurf " style sword out . louis ( cont 'd ) nothing like we real stuff , but it will do . Louis throw one of the " sword " to quinn . quinn ( catch it ) it 's kind of lightweight .. and silly . 23. Louis come over carry he sword . louis come on give it a chance . Louis come at quinn and he instinct kick in . the two begin they mock battle . tree from behind a tree we see ryan blood for the first time . he hide in the shadow take picture with he digital camera . quinn and Louis continue to practice unaware of the unwanted attention . int . cafe -day Louis sip he coffee , while quinn just stare out the front window . it almost as if he be search for something . louis you have not be lively at all this go around . quinn a lot on my mind ... louis we only do this once every seventy year brother . you have to enjoy it while it last . quinn Louis we whole purpose here , be to show up , and over time establish a social base , and then kill each other . louis you know and I be very good at the social base part , and you be not so good ... quinn that 's because you find a way to screw it up every time . louis that 's because , I know this be news to you , I represent evil . ( more ) 24 . louis ( cont 'd ) here 's the thing though , I be tired quinn . I really want to stop be the ambassador for this . quinn that 's something we agree on . I be tired too . louis I do not know if we can get off this train . it 's just a viscous cycle . quinn letting you win be not a option . louis I be not go there ... ( beat ) ... yet . int . zoey and anna's apartment-evening quinn be sit on the couch as Jack and Anna make they way for the door . zoey ( o.s. ) you guy leave ? Zoey come out of the kitchen with a bowl of popcorn . jack yeah we do not want to interrupt you " date rape " . Anna hit Jack . anna Jesus Jack ! he can not do anything here anyway . too much exposure . witnesses my friend ... we know he be here . Zoey sit down and hand the bowl to quinn . zoey will you guy stop ?? quinn it 's ok . I like you friend . Anna walk over to the couch . anna so quinn ? 25 . quinn yes ? anna Zoey say you be in the ministry ? quinn sort of . anna you be or you be not . quinn it 's complicated . anna at some point you will have to explain it to Zoey . I mean do not you agree ? quinn well ... zoey ( put out ) will you guy leave ?? Jack grab Anna by the arm and lead she to the door . jack who be go too far now ? anna " date rape " zoey ( try to make a point ) bye guy ! Anna and Jack mumble as they head out the door . zoey ( cont 'd ) ( turn to quinn ) sorry about that . quinn it 's really ok . ext . apartment-continuous Jack put he arm around Anna , as to stop she for a second . 26 . jack you know I hate he because it 's my nature but - anna - you think I hate he because of my distrust of man ? jack tragedy change people , it effect Zoey in one way ... you in another . anna yeah ( beat , smile ) I become a " fag hag " back to : int . zoey and anna's apartment-continuous Zoey be curl up next to quinn on the couch . a popcorn bowl be squeeze in between they . she reach over and pick up the remote . zoey tonight 's feature presentation be " I be curious : yellow " . probably not the best date movie , but I always show this to ever guy in the beginning . quinn it 's ok this will be my first film experience . zoey what ?? quinn yeah , I have never see a film before . I mean I know of film , can not live in this world and not . I have just never see one . zoey this might be a little hard - core for you first film . quinn no it 's ok . I be excited . Zoey shake she head . 27 . zoey I feel like I be steal you virginity here . Zoey slowly look over at quinn . zoey ( cont 'd ) you be a virgin too be not you ? quinn shrug zoey ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! I be a bad girl . quinn put he hand on she shoulder . quinn ( smile ) you be not . quinn motion to the tv . quinn ( cont 'd ) please play the film . zoey ( hesitant ) ok ? I mean I usually play this for potential boyfriend . if they can handle this , they can handle I . Zoey hit play on the remote . zoey ( cont 'd ) I guess you be lucky I think about " they call her one Eye " . ( to herself ) I hope this do not jack you up . jump CUT to : title card : 3 day left ext . OPEN field -day quinn be sit cross legge in the middle of the field . he seem as though he be in the middle of a trance . quinn ( monotone ) I be curious yellow ... Louis walk up and throw a toy sword on quinn 's lap . 28 . louis what the hell be you talk about ? quinn stand up and grab the sword . quinn nothing really . the two start to sword fight , but quinn do not have he heart in it . louis you half asleep quinn ? quinn stop for a second and drop he sword down to he side . Louis poke quinn in the chest with the tip of he sword . louis ( cont 'd ) look at that lady and gentleman the apocalypse have begin . quinn sit down . quinn have you ever see a movie ? Louis follow he lead . louis I have see plenty of movie . quinn really ? louis yeah I watch " the sorrow and the pity " at marshal the other day . you know people here have yet to figure out we be not student . quinn I think they have a pretty good idea . louis so in all the time we have be here , you have not go to the cinema ? quinn no ... louis why not ? 29 . quinn it 's not what we be here to do . louis in you boss name , what be wrong with you ? you have get to enjoy yourself . you might be choose , but you have need . we all do . quinn I have to stay focus . louis you have also burn yourself out . you be not go to be any good to I ... Louis get up and reach out to help quinn louis ( cont 'd ) ... unless you take some " you " time . quinn take Louis ' hand and get to he foot . louis ( cont 'd ) can we get back to the matter at hand ? Louis bring he sword back up into attack position . quinn be back to he " swashbuckle " self . the two battle it out on the field , match each other blow for blow . int . ryan blood' apartment-later we creep upon Ryan blood as he work at he computer . on closer inspection , it appear he be editing video of quinn and Louis ' mock fight earlier in the day . int . louis apartment-continuous Louis ' set up be more lavish than quinn' . it 's obvious he indulge just a little too much . Louis come out of the bathroom with a towel around he waist . he start sing " motown " song to himself . he walk back off screen to the bedroom . we still hear he sing , as we pan around the apartment . we swing back around to the entrance of Louis ' bedroom . he finally come out fully dress . he use the towel he be wear to finish drying he hair . he walk up to a mirror and start look at himself . 30 . louis ' Pov he start to run he hand through he hair . he try to straighten up the mess on he head . he pick up some gel and squirt a small amount in he hand . he run it through he hair , get the desire look . louis ( to himself ) you be a handsome devil . louis apartment Louis spin around and grab he key off of the coffee table . he then dance right out the door . int . quinn' room-a few moment later Louis walk into quinn 's room and find he not there . louis ( puzzle ) weird ? Louis walk out into ... hallway ... the hallway . Ryan blood be stand in the doorway of he room , across the hall . ryan blood you look for quinn ? take Louis ' a second to register Ryan 's question . louis yes ? ryan blood ( nodd toward the exit door ) he just leave . ext . apartment build Louis run outside . he look up and down the street . in the distance he finally spot they , quinn and Zoey hold hand . 31 . louis ( to himself ) what do we have here ? ext . cafe -moment later Louis stand across the street , stare right into the window of the cafe . he clearly see quinn and Zoey on a date . his eye widen as they hand touch . ext . zoey' apartment build - later Zoey and quinn walk hold hand through the apartment building parking lot . Zoey stop for a second and turn to face quinn . zoey why have not I see you place ? quinn my place be not very exciting . zoey that do not surprise I . I can not imagine you have a vast blu Ray collection . quinn blu Ray ? zoey wow ... quinn , you have to start enjoy the world around you . quinn you know I realize today you be right about that . zoey so you be say you want to come up stair and watch " they call her one Eye " ? quinn ( laugh ) uh...no . I be still try to get I be curious yellow out of my head . zoey yeah ... sorry about that ... 32 . quinn ( smile ) it 's ok . suddenly , guide by instinct , Zoey kiss quinn on the lip . quinn be completely throw . zoey I ...i.. I be sorry . quinn no do not be . zoey I should not have be that aggressive . quinn no ...it 's ok . zoey ok ? quinn I need to get back though . zoey puzzle ... but I know ... virgin and all - quinn - well ... I mean ... zoey that come out rude ... I just mean ... I want to do it . I should have take it slower . quinn it 's ok . I will be by tomorrow . zoey you sure ? quinn yes of course . zoey ( worried ) I hope so . quinn slowly turn around and walk away . Zoey look at he like she be unsure if she will see he again . 33. dumpster meanwhile , lean against the dumpster , Louis watch the display unseen . int . ryan blood' apartment-later Ryan be work at he PC when a knock be hear . he get up from he messy desk and make he way over to the door . as he swing it open we see Louis on the other side . ryan blood' apartment - a few moment later Ryan lean back in he desk chair . Louis have clear off a spot on a messy couch . the apartment , simply put , be a " shithole " ryan blood you be here to learn more about he " come and going " . to find out what I have see . louis so far you be dead on . ryan blood it 's more than that Louis - louis - you know who I be ? ryan blood I know pretty much everything . I have watch you , study you ... I feel I be expert on you little game every seventy year . louis really ? ryan blood oh yes . Ryan pick up a stack of document and throw the papers one at a time at Louis . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) you battle as mortal - ( beat ) ( more ) 34 . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) - you be a lamanite then - ( beat ) - quinn be a commander of the nephites , last survivor of that nation - ( beat ) - the savoir speak to he , show he he future ... he destiny - ( beat ) - see after the death of Christ there be some debate on what be go to bring on the end and signal he return - ( beat ) - it be decide two great warrior have to fight . the winner would determine the start of the apocalypse . you boss of course need someone to represent he interest . who better than quinn 's old adversary ? Louis brushes the pile of papers of he lap . louis where be you go with this you weird little man ? ryan blood you have strategy in the beginning . Middle Ages ... Old West ... even World War ii . ( beat ) let 's take a step back for a second . the Old West . lack of faith , corruption , this thing make quinn weak . the chink in he armor be he faith in people . you know that , and corrupt America ... a young land ... be the key . ( beat ) quinn be a step ahead of you , and look for a human ally . that ally be Joseph Smith , and quinn ...or I mean moroni ... lead Joseph to the plate that later when into - Ryan pick a book up and throw it at Louis . Louis look down at the " Book of mormon " . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) - his little plan do not work , but the book be a great coffee table discussion piece . this make he weak Louis . you could have destroy he . the problem be you have allow yourself to become fond of he . you need to embrace you destiny . louis how do I do that ? 35 . ryan blood this girl be distracting he . get he mind focus on the matter at hand . at this point I be afraid he be not even go to fight you . louis I be surprised this girl even like quinn . he come across creepy . ryan blood maybe that 's the key - louis ( lightbulb ) - make she think he 's crazy . int . quinn' room-moment later quinn open the door to he room and spy a silhouette in the far corner . louis where have you be ? the silhouette come out of the darkness and into view . it should come to no surprise that Louis be emerge from the darkness . quinn you have be wait long ? louis no I figure you be on you way back - quinn - because you be spying on I again ? so I do not need to tell you where I have be . Louis sit down on the edge of the bed . louis who 's the girl ? quinn it 's start again . you be already jealous . you be go to do the same thing you do during the war ... you be go to sabotage this . louis I be insulted frankly . 36 . quinn do not you play that game . you be be facetious . louis no , I be be serious . you care about the girl , it 's obvious . not in a friendship or I be curious about human behavior way . quinn sit down beside he . quinn so why be you here ? louis have you tell she ? quinn who I be ? of course not ! louis quinn you only have a few day leave and you care for this girl - ( beat ) - what 's the harm in tell she ? quinn there 's a lot of harm in tell she . louis if this be real and you really care for this girl , you have to tell she . it 's only fair to she . quinn she have a best friend who be very guard of I ... it 's odd she elude to the same thing . you know the whole " I be hide something , and I need to come out into the open " thing . louis sound to I like she be right . quinn get up and walk to the door . quinn well I better do this now then . louis yeah you do not want to lose you nerve . quinn can you let yourself out ? 37 . louis of course . quinn slowly open the door and walk out . the door creep shut behind he . Louis smile to himself , feel satisfaction . his face look evil , almost demonic . ext . zoey' apartment build - sometime later in almost a " romantic movie " way , quinn run toward Zoey 's apartment . when he reach the door he knock like he life depend on it . Anna swing the door open , she 's obviously surprised to see quinn . anna what the hell ? you can hear Jack inside the apartment . jack ( o.s. ) what the fuck ?!? I want to watch bring I the head of alfredo Garcia in peace ! quinn I need to see Zoey . anna what about tomorrow ? or never be good . you hear Zoey off screen . zoey ( o.s. ) what 's go on ?? Zoey come to the doorway and stand behind Anna . zoey ( cont 'd ) quinn ? what 's wrong ? quinn I need to talk to you , it 's important . quinn grab she by the arm and pull she outside , push she right past Anna . anna Jesus Christ ! Anna slam the door shut , leave Zoey and quinn outside . 38 . quinn I need to tell you everything . Anna be so right . zoey what be you talk about ? Anna be right ? quinn I have not be honest with you about what I do ...or who I be . zoey ok ? quinn I need to come clean . I want you to trust I . I want you friend to trust I . zoey ( nervous laugh ) ok quinn , just spit it out . quinn ok ( beat ) I be a archangel name moroni and I basically represent " light " or everything that 's good . Louis , my friend , represent " darkness " . every seventy year we have to fight to the death . if I win everything stay the way it be . the world continue turn . if I lose , Louis take on the role of the Antichrist and the apocalypse will be unleash . I be talk Book of revelation stuff here . so I only have a limited time leave in this world ... ( beat ) I want to spend that time with you . Zoey be stunne , silent . zoey oh honey ... Zoey touch he face . zoey ( cont 'd ) you must have a brain tumor or something . you be obviously mentally ill . quinn Zoey ? I ... 39 . Zoey put she finger up to he lip to quiet he . zoey shhh . you need I more than ever . Zoey reach down and take a confuse quinn 's hand . she lead he to the door . like a sheep herder , she take quinn inside of the apartment . the last image we see be the apartment door slamm behind they . CUT to : darkness flashback - zoey' home -year earlier -day Zoey , roughly 2 year old , sit in the floor of she parent 's home play . her dad , only see from the waist down , walk in front of Zoey with he bible in hand . he make it to Zoey 's mom , on the other side of the room dad you be not even help I ! mom I do not even know what you want ! dad I can not run my congregation with this sickness ! mom the sickness be in you head . dad you be too busy run around do whatever you feel like . I be go to fall apart and it 's all on you . flashback - zoey' home -ten year later-day Zoey , now 12 , be go through some box in the closet . her head bump a shelf and a box fall on she . when she go to pick up the box she find a ton of vhs tape . 40 . she go through the box look at the label : " Anna age 7 " " Anna age 10 " " Anna age 12 " . flashback - zoey' room-a few moment later the glow of Zoey 's tv fill she face . we can neither see nor hear what she be watch . Zoey look like she be about to throw up . jump CUT to : int . zoey' bedroom - present day-morning Zoey jump out of bed , like she be waking from a nightmare . a startle quinn , who be sleep beside she , start to arouse . jump CUT to : title card : 2 day left int . quinn' room-moment later Louis walk into quinn 's room with he black tote bag from earlier . it 's obvious he be meeting quinn to go train . he look through out the room , but quickly realize quinn be probably with Zoey . he slump down on quinn 's bed . anger and hurt be portray upon he face . int . cafe -later quinn and Zoey be have coffee . it 's obvious Zoey have a rough night . she take a sip of coffee , she mind be distant . quinn last night ? zoey yes ? quinn do you ? zoey enjoy myself ? of course . 41 . quinn base on how you be act this morning I have my doubt . that 's not what I mean though . you wake up scream . zoey it be nothing . quinn I understand if you do not want to talk about it . I be just concerned . zoey it 's not a big deal . it be ...a... well would not call it a nightmare ... repress memory . Hell , it 's not repress ... I think of it all the time . quinn what be it ? zoey you do not want to hear about it . quinn touch she hand . quinn please ? Zoey take a deep breath . zoey my father , I mention he before , be a Baptist minister . he always say he have this " sickness " . he begge my mom for help , it be more important though for she to have shopping and dinner date with she girlfriend . Anna , my friend that " love you " , have be in my life since I be tiny . she use to come over all the time . my dad adore she . when I be around twelve I find something in the closet ... tape . my dad and Anna from the time she be like seven ... he ... ( start tear up ) I show my Mom , and dad ... well he get out of prison when I be seventeen . I do not see he anymore . his church , even though they know he have a problem disown he . he would not have do that to Anna if my mom would have support he , get he help . 42 . quinn who do you think be to blame ? zoey he try to get help quinn , he reach out to my Mom . I should have protect Anna too ... I mean - quinn - none of this be you fault . zoey I have to protect people . this be out of my control , you quinn ... what 's go on with you ... I have control of that . quinn look at Zoey . he love she , but a part of he pity she too . ext . park-riverside -later Zoey be curl up under quinn 's arm as they sit on the same bench from earlier . quinn stare out toward the river . it 's obvious he be ponder over he choice . quinn I love be with you . zoey I too . quinn I can not renege on my responsibility with Louis though . Zoey sit up . zoey you be not actually go to fight you friend to the death be you ? quinn I know you do not understand this . we just need to make the most of we time . zoey quinn , in 2 day thing be go to be normal . this be just a delusion . quinn I know you do not understand . I just need to go see Louis today . 43. zoey I understand that . quinn lean he head back . he catch something out of the corner of he eye . quinn' Pov quinn see Ryan blood hide behind a tree . he be take video of quinn and Zoey with a " smart phone " . park-riverside quinn jolt up . Zoey be alarmed . zoey what be it ? quinn do not answer . he get up and run to the ... tree quinn look behind the tree , but Ryan be long go . Zoey come up from behind , she place she hand on quinn 's shoulder . zoey what be wrong ? quinn my neighbor Ryan blood ... look like he 's spying on I . zoey what be you talk about ? quinn I need to go see Louis . int . ryan blood' apartment-later Louis be watch the video on the smart phone . he 's see enough , he throw it back to Ryan . Louis toss trash off the couch so he can sit down . louis ( sit down ) I think he admit he true self would break they up - 44 . Ryan plop down in he computer desk chair . ryan blood - instead he be still hot and heavy with she . ( beat ) he even do the " bipty boom " last night . louis the fight be pointless . ryan blood it 's not pointless . the game have just change be all . ( beat ) we have two level here : one be make sure we keep he engage . ( beat ) honestly though that 's a afterthought at this point - louis so what 's the next move ? Ryan reach into he desk drawer . ryan blood ( still search ) well when he do become engage ... Ryan throw something at Louis . louis Pov Louis catch the item . he look down to see a nine millimeter . ryan blood ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ... we need to make sure you still have the advantage . int . zoey and anna's apartment-later Zoey be pace back and forth . Jack rub he face in frustration . he be tired of watch Zoey tear herself up over this guy . Anna try to step into Zoey 's path attempt to get she attention anna what be you do ? 45 . Zoey be jittery , she can not handle Anna block she way . zoey I have not hear from quinn since he wigge out today . anna well honestly maybe that 's a good thing . zoey he need I . anna he do not need you ! not everyone need you ! zoey ( frustrated ) this be not about I and you - anna - this be about I and you ! you think you can make up for what happen . the fact you do not notice , could not save I in time . you be a child ! I be a child ! you could not have save you father either ! you mother could not have , no one could have ! he be a fuck pedophile ! Zoey slap Anna across the face . anna ( cont 'd ) hate I all you want , but it 's impossible to redeem yourself for thing you have no control over . Jack be sick and tired of this display . jack just show she the fuck file . Jack get up . zoey ( confuse ) what fuck file ? ext . louis apartment-continuous quinn run toward Louis ' apartment . his knock sound like a jackhammer on the door . Louis answer . 46 . quinn we have a problem . louis you be right . we do . Louis move slightly and we see Ryan blood in the background . Louis slowly close the door in a stunne quinn 's face . int . louis apartment Louis turn toward Ryan . louis I think come here would give we some privacy from quinn . ryan blood I think it work out perfectly . int . zoey' apartment build -continuous Jack walk into the room hold a file folder . Zoey be sit on the couch try to get a grip . Jack throw the file in she lap . zoey so be the file folder for dramatic effect ? jack no it be to keep everything organize ... ( beat ) ... and for dramatic effect . suddenly Zoey 's cell phon ring . she set the folder aside and answer . zoey quinn ? intercut ext . STREET corner quinn be on a pay phone , he 's shaking . at this point he be lose on what he next move should be . 47 . quinn Ryan blood ! zoey you mention that earlier . what be go on ? quinn he 's with Louis . they be plan to kill I . zoey I think that be the whole plan . quinn no it 's ... this be not like Louis . I think he be try to cheat he way to a win . zoey why do not you come over here . quinn I can not ! zoey come on quinn get a grip . just calm down and come over here . quinn you be right . zoey ok so just come on over and we will talk . quinn no I mean you be right . I need to get control of myself . I have a destiny . I need to figure out my next move . zoey quinn ? no wait - quinn hang up the phone . zoey and anna's apartment Zoey slowly drop she cell phone to the floor . Jack pick up the folder Zoey set aside . jack what be it ? 48 . zoey I do not know . he 's lose it . Jack hand she the folder . jack you need to look at this . Zoey take the folder from he and start read . jack ( cont 'd ) I spend a lot of time gather that information . zoey so what be all this ? jack quinn Wilson and Louis Marks be orphan . Zoey be flipping through document . jack ( cont 'd ) quinn display some erratic behavior from the beginning . one of the staff member be mormon and they would read storey to quinn out of the Book of mormon . that employee be later fire , but a seed be plant in quinn 's head . he keep go on about how he and Louis be mean to fight to the death . some of the child at the time claim Louis would encourage this behavior . he probably think this be quinn 's attempt at play . ( beat ) as thing continue the staff at the orphanage think quinn need help beyond what they could offer . they send quinn to a hospital . Zoey put the folder down , the document fall to the floor . zoey you be not tell I anything I do not already know . anna that make it worse . you be go to continue this now that you know for a fact that he be nut ? 49 . zoey I be too far into this now . I do not have a choice . Zoey pick the document up and place they in the folder . she then toss the folder on the coffee table . jack why do not you let we save you ? please Zoey . zoey let I be guy . Zoey walk to she bedroom , leave Anna and Jack exhaust . zoey and anna's apartment-early morning the apartment be quiet . Anna no where in sight , more than likely in she room sleep . Jack be pass out on the couch . Zoey walk in , it 's obvious she have not sleep all night . she scoot Jack 's leg over and sit on the couch . she proceed to pick up the file folder . she start thumbing through the document . after a few moment she find one of interest . she reach over and push Jack . jack ( rouse up ) ehhh ... what ? you better be a hot bear of a man . Jack look up and see Zoey . jack ( cont 'd ) or Zoey ... what do you need hun ? Zoey hand Jack a document from the folder . zoey what 's this ? Jack 's eye try to focus on the document . jack look like a room list from the psych hospital . 50 . zoey I gather that . under quinn 's room ... jack quinn and he roommate be list . zoey quinn 's roommate be Ryan blood ? jack yeah ... look that way . zoey ah fuck . jump CUT to : title card : 1 day left ext . OPEN field -day Louis stare out into the open field . a gust of wind blow through he hair . Ryan blood come up from behind and pat Louis on the back . ryan blood we need to talk . Louis turn around to face Ryan . louis about ? ryan blood Strategy . louis Strategy ? ryan blood yes . I have a method - louis - I have to hear this . ryan blood a 12 point system - louis ( confuse ) - like 12 step ? 51 . ryan blood exactly . it 's a sure fire plan to throw quinn off of he game Louis laugh . louis oh I be so all ear . ryan blood well the first thing you need be a battle cry . louis Excuse I ? a battle cry ? ryan blood yes a battle cry . every great warrior have one . louis and a battle cry be go to give I the advantage in battle ? ryan blood of course it will . why do not you try one out ? louis what ? ryan blood yeah , try one out right now . it 's liberate . louis I would rather not . ryan blood come on . louis ( extremely confuse ) right here ? ryan blood here I will go first - Ryan let 's out a scream that sound as though he be be sodomize . louis that be ... interesting . 52 . ryan blood see ? ( beat ) you turn . Louis look around . louis so right now ? ryan blood of course . Louis inhale deeply and then let out a scream . it come out more like frighten little girl . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) oh come on ! that sound like you be scared of the battle . what ? be you scared of quinn ? you probably be - Louis let out another scream , this one be slightly better . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) that 's good ! come on ! Louis let out another one that actually cause Ryan to jump back . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) yes that 's what I be talk about ! out of nowhere , quinn walk up to the two of they . ryan blood ( cont 'd ) ( notice quinn ) quinn ?!? good to see you ! quinn grab Louis ' arm . quinn we need to talk . louis ( to Ryan ) Excuse I for a second . Louis walk with quinn to a spot that give they some distance away from Ryan . quinn I know that guy and I do not trust he . 53. louis I do not trust you anymore . quinn you new friend be dangerous . louis so be yours . quinn leave she out of this . louis you fight tomorrow morning quinn ? quinn it 's over . this whole thing be nut . I be walk away . louis let I walk away from you first then . Louis start to walk away from quinn . he turn around as he continue to walk backwards . louis ( cont 'd ) I be come at you ! you be in this game like it or not ! ext . orphanage -day Zoey 's car pull up in front of a historic brick building . she slowly get out and start to look the structure over . it 's almost like she be try to assess if she have the right place . int . orphanage-continuous a awkward young man , jake , be sorting through box . he 's kneele on the floor organize a mess of file . Zoey walk up and try to attract he attention . zoey Excuse I ? Jake come out of he world of file sorting . he look up at Zoey . jake ( monotone ) yes . 54 . Jake stand . zoey I be look for Mrs. Rhodes . I believe the people here refer to she as " mother " . jake ( monotone ) people look for a lot of thing . Zoey be confuse . zoey I be sure they do . ( look at the box ) you guy shutting down ? jake ( monotone ) we be cease operation . zoey be there something wrong with you ? mrs . rhode , a 60 year old odd look lady , come out of the back . mrs . rhode calm down . you need to calm down and count to ten . zoey what ? I do not know what that mean . Mrs. Rhodes start wave she hand at Zoey . she flap they up and down in she face . mrs . rhode you have to calm down and meditate . zoey um...no ... listen do you know quinn Wilson and Louis Marks ? they grow up here . Mrs. Rhodes step back like a vampire who have just see a cross . mrs . rhode no ... you need to leave ! zoey what ? 55 . mrs . rhode and give I you shirt . zoey um...no . Zoey turn around and start to leave . Mrs. Rhodes start scream at the top of she lung . mrs . rhode you better make you peace with God girl ! the end be come , that boy be ushere in a new era ! Zoey run down the hallway toward the front door . ext . orphanage Zoey run outside and make it to she car . she hit the roof of she vehicle in anger zoey what a fuck nut house ! jake ( o.s. ) ( monotone ) Excuse I ! Zoey jump up and scream . she see Jake stand creepily behind she . zoey what ! jake ( monotone ) I know the young boy you speak of . zoey ( do not care ) and ? jake ( monotone ) I be here when quinn get send to the mental hospital . it be like the other one set it up . zoey wait Louis ? you think Louis make quinn appear crazy ? 56 . jake ( monotone ) they both believe the same thing . Louis be just smart enough to hide it . zoey there be more to it than that . jake ( monotone ) I do not understand zoey listen " robot Boy " , where do this whole belief come from ? this be not something two kid come up with on they own . jake ( monotone ) yes I believe a seed be plant . zoey exactly . I hear there be a employee that get fire for share mormon mythology with the boy . jake ( monotone ) no. off base . he 's not the right one . intercut int . zoey and anna's apartment - a few moment later Jack sit at the PC while chat away on he cell phone . it appear he be look up information for who ever be on the other end . int . zoey' car - continuous Zoey be park in a parking lot , while she chat on she cell phone with Jack . jack you might be right sweetheart . the employee I be tell you about earlier be instrumental in get appleridge orphanage shut down . zoey how ? 57 . jack Mrs. Rhodes be pretty well know in huntington . I think she feel this guy be get in the way of she master plan . finally , nearly 20 year later , he convinced the state what be really go on there . zoey well ... elaborate . jack that girl you talk to be " pants crapping nut " . she actually make you boyfriend look sane . I guess she believe that lucifer come to she in a vision - zoey - how be that different than a dream ? just say - jack - I do not know . I think you have to be awake for a vision . ( beat ) will you please pay attention ? anyway he , meaning lucifer , give she this jazz about ... well you know the story . two angel , fight to the death ...blah ... blah ... anyway he tell she she need to look after Louis and get quinn out of there . I guess try to stack the odd in Louis ' favor . zoey so she have quinn commit ? jack to the same hospital where she nephew be a patient . all on the dark lord 's order I guess . zoey Fucking Ryan blood ! jack you friend be fuck whack . zoey thanks Jack . jack so what be you go to do ? 58 . zoey I be go to stop a apocalyptic battle . jack goddamn Zoey ! zoey and anna's apartment Jack realize Zoey hang up on he . he slowly put he phone down and step away from the computer . he walk over to the couch and sit down . he let out a sigh of exhaustion as he lean back on the couch . zoey and anna's apartment-a few hour later Jack be now sprawle out on the couch . Anna walk in the room and set a beverage on the coffee table in front of he . she move he leg and sit down beside of he . anna so where be she at now ? Jack sit up . jack I get a text about thirty minute ago . I be pretty sure she be go to head to quinn 's apartment . anna Jack ... jack what ? anna her Christ complex be go to get she kill . jack trust I I know Anna . ( beat ) I know ... knocking be hear at the door . Anna get up to answer . jack ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's quinn the jackass . 59 . Anna just get the door open a crack when ... Ryan and Louis burst into the room . Anna scream . Louis restrain she against a wall . Jack get up from the couch , but he meet a gun handle to the head from Ryan . ryan blood good afternoon boy and girl ! I need you assistance . int . quinn' room-moment later quinn walk into he room . to he surprise , Zoey be sit on he bed . it appear she have be there for a while . quinn how do people keep end up in my room ? zoey ( laugh ) you need to learn to lock up . quinn walk over and sit on the bed beside she . quinn I be not fight Louis . zoey why the change of heart ? quinn I think you might be right . I do not think it 's necessary . I think the world will keep turn one way or another . I be not dependant on that . ( beat ) I be not a savior . zoey do you really believe ? you know ? quinn yes . I do believe it . I know it actually . since I have be with you , I have doubted what I know to be fact though . then it hit I , it really do not matter . zoey I will help you quinn . I do not want to do it for myself ... ( more ) 60 . zoey ( cont 'd ) I do not want to do it because I feel I have to . obligation , or dark incident from my past ... that 's not a reason to help anyone . it make I fuck selfish actually . quinn you be not selfish Zoey . zoey I care about you quinn . that 's sincerely my reason for want to do this . that 's a first for I you know ? quinn I know ... quinn hug she and they slowly lay down on the bed together . jump CUT to : quinn' room - later quinn get pistol whipped across the face . suddenly we see Louis pick Zoey up by the hair . quinn ( in pain ) let she go ! Louis have a hold of Zoey . quinn get up and go for Ryan . Louis drop kick quinn and send he fly across the room . Louis throw Zoey at Ryan . Ryan then hold she at gun point . ryan blood ( look at quinn ) let I pretty the girl up a bit Ryan beat she repeatedly with the gun until she pass out cold from the trauma . quinn try to get to he foot , but Louis kick he back down . louis hold on sunshine ! 61 . Ryan throw Louis the gun . quinn' Pov we see Louis with great force repeatedly hit quinn with the gun . everything go fuzzy and then we ... CUT to : blackness int . quinn' room -hour later quinn slowly get to he foot . he walk over to the doorway and kneel down . he see a puddle of blood ... Zoey 's blood . he put he finger in it . he inspect he hand , rub the blood between he index finger and thumb . he jump up and scream in anger . that would be quinn 's version of a battle cry . close shot - jack face a hand rip duct tape off of Jack 's mouth . he let 's out a loud scream . jack mother fucker ! int . zoey and anna's apartment - continous quinn crouch down beside Jack . Jack and Anna be both tie up , Anna still have duct tape across she mouth . you can hear she muffle scream as they fill the room . quinn where 's Zoey ? jack fuck you mother fucker ! I be go to call the fuck fuzz once you untie I ! Fucking nut bag , ball sac - quinn ( like he be talk to a retarded child ) i...will...come ...rescue ... you 62 . jack ass fuck salad - quinn put the duct tape back on Jack 's mouth . even though we can not make out what he be say , he be still run off at the mouth . quinn that actually feel kind of good . quinn pat Jack on the head . quinn ( cont 'd ) I will be back guy . quinn leave the room . muffled cursing can be hear through out the apartment . close shot - quinn' bed a long black box be pull out from under quinn 's bed . we see quinn 's hand unlatch and then open it . Inside we see quinn 's katana . his hand grip the hilt . int . quinn' room quinn get up , hold he katana and ready for a fight . he 's dress in a black biker jacket , kind of look like the bride from kill Bill . he walk to the doorway . he stand still for a second . he 's prepare he next move . bad ass comic book pose ... ' nuff say . CUT to : title card : day zero the endgame dream sequence start choir music int . church the front door to the church swing open . Light fill the sanctuary . Zoey walk through the door . she head toward the alter and see a man , in he 50' , kneel . it appear he might be praying . 63. she place she hand on he shoulder . as he turn around she see she dad . zoey I be not do it anymore . you will not have redemption from I . dad ( raspy ) Zoey ... he reach for she , she pull away . she start to back up . zoey take ownership of what you do . do not rely on I to save you . I need to start save myself . she slowly back up and then turn to walk away . zoey ( cont 'd ) ( as she be turn ) Goodbye . jump CUT to : end dream sequence end choir music close shot - zoey' face Ryan slap Zoey in the face to wake she up . ext . OPEN field -day Ryan pull Zoey up to she foot . he press the gun against she head . Louis walk out into the middle of the field . he 's dress in a full ninja outfit . he unsheathes he katana . louis what do you think Zoey ? I be a ninja ! zoey ( struggle under Ryan 's grip ) you be fuck crazy ! 64 . louis that 's not nice ! I think I look good . zoey I think you be a fuck nut bag . louis this be go to be fun . you will see . zoey Mrs Rhodes ? do that name ring a bell ? ryan blood my aunt ? louis yeah ... yeah ... she play a part in the game . tell we something we do not know . you be such a sexy Nancy Drew right now . zoey go fuck yourself . louis or a foul mouth velma . that get I so hard . do that get you hard Ryan ? ryan blood can we go back to my aunt please ? zoey Mrs. Rhodes ? what about she ? other than she fuck you guy up . she teach you , Louis how to play it straight . then she have you fuck quinn over . ryan blood she do not fuck quinn over . she just help he out . zoey yeah by get he in contact with you . ryan blood she know one day it be all go to catch up with she . she train I to get into the game . she tell I it be my destiny . zoey be that why she place you in that hospital ? 65 . ryan blood she be my caretaker . she tell I she be send I someone . someone I would have to guide on to the right path . zoey guy I have let my parent fuck I up . there come a time though where you have to go out on you own . take responsibility for you own life . ryan blood there be a much bigger purpose . you will see . zoey this whole thing be to carry out some delusional woman 's master plan . she do not even remember who she be at this point . I go to see she ... she want I to take off my shirt . Louis be irritate . louis will you shut up ?!? you be ruin my climatic fight . Louis spy quinn in the distance . louis ( cont 'd ) showtime . start choir music quinn lower he katana , it brushes against the blade of grass . Louis follow suit as he slowly walk to meet quinn in the middle . the two warrior stand on opposite side of the battle field . end choir music quinn look over and see Zoey . quinn let she go ! Ryan grab she tighter . ryan blood not yet ... 66 . quinn ( to Louis ) be this the game you want to play ? louis I be not go to lose this time . zoey ( to quinn ) I think you do not believe this shit anymore . quinn there 's more go on than you realize Zoey . zoey this be fuck . quinn you be not 5000 year old . you be bear in a orphanage . none of this make sense . louis Lady , it would look weird if we roam the earth for 5000 year without face a mortal death ! we keep get reborn , sometimes we even switch physical form . thanks for come to the game late missy ! zoey that make total fuck sense . Color I stupid ! quinn ( to Louis ) you do not get it do you . louis what ?!? quinn if you win ... you be not become the antichrist . louis what be you talk about ?? quinn it 's Ryan ... it 's always be Ryan . louis ( to Ryan ) what be he talk about ? 67 . ryan blood he 's pitting we against each other . quinn I be go to be honest with you Louis . I have always be honest . louis yeah sometimes to a fault . quinn we have always play this game as honest as we could . we never do anything to undermine the other . despite what you represent , you have moral code . ( beat ) you be not act with in that code today . louis I be tired of lose ... quinn you be lose right now . you action , you can not win like this . not act this way . louis I be tired of you . I be go to end it ! Louis go over to Ryan . he trade he sword in for Ryan 's gun . Ryan hold the katana to Zoey 's throat . Louis point the gun dead at quinn . quinn you go to shoot I ? louis it 's the endgame . tense moment as Louis aim the gun at quinn . suddenly he spin and shoot Ryan dead in the head . Ryan fall and Zoey get free . Louis look at quinn and then throw the gun far out into the field . louis ( cont 'd ) ok ... I guess I do have some moral . 68 . Zoey get she bearing . zoey what the fuck ! quinn Zoey go home . we need to finish this . Louis walk over to Ryan and grab he katana . zoey no you do not . guy what be you do ? louis go home girl ! zoey be you be serious ? quinn stop and turn toward Zoey . quinn I will always love you . you have to go though . zoey if you do not walk away from this field right now , you will lose I . I will not be in you corner . I will call for help . they will stop you . quinn go ... zoey quinn ... last chance . Zoey walk over to Ryan 's body . she search till she find she cell phone in he front pocket . zoey ( cont 'd ) I will call the police quinn ... quinn look at Zoey , dead in the eye . quinn Goodbye . quinn turn toward Louis . he pull he katana up to attack position and Louis follow suit . zoey ( tear up ) wow ... yeah goodbye . 69 . quinn and Louis charge each other . Zoey do not bother to stay to watch the battle . she slowly walk away . quinn and Louis ' sword meet . the clang be triumphant . detail of this climatic battle will be choreograph by the actor involved , but think high fly Shaw Brothers film . we do not see a clear victor , just the two boy go at it until we can not tell who be who . other side of the field - away from the battle Zoey start to make a call on she cell phone . close shot -cell phone she start to dial 911 . her thumb move in the position to hit send . other side of the field Zoey stop . she slowly put she phone away . she look back toward where the battle be go on . she start to walk back . the walk turn into a jog . finally the jog turn into a full run . OPEN field when she get to the field quinn and Louis be go . all that can be see be Ryan blood 's body , two katanas and a empty ninja suit . Zoey lean down and touch quinn 's katana . zoey ( laugh to herself ) I be curious : yellow ( beat ) Goodbye boy ... Zoey stare out into the open field . she feel reborn . she know there be a new world , a new perspective for she beyond the horizon . CUT to : blackness title card : 70 year later 70 . int . university conferance hall the camera slowly pan toward a older ninety year old Zoey . she 's behind a podium , there be a sign on the front that read : marshal University Association of free think . zoey for year we have think absence of the impossible indicate that we be exercise free think . in my experience lady and gentleman , that 's not the case . ( beat ) believe in hope my friend , open yourself up to accept there might be more than the world around you . that 's truly be a free thinker . the camera end with a close shot on Zoey 's face . ext . park-riverside -later Zoey sit on the same bench where she meet quinn . her great-granddaughter , jennifer walk up . she sit down beside she grandmother . jennifer hey grandma . zoey hey ... jennifer you look solemn . zoey just sit here ... think ... jennifer what be you think about ? zoey I have have a great life . a wonderful husband , child , grandchild ... ( motion to Jennifer ) ... great grandchild ... I spend so much of my youth be angry . I wish I could relive my life now , know what I know . jennifer you do have a lot of wisdom . 71 . zoey I have try to pass it on to you . jennifer you have teach I a lot . zoey just remember , you can believe what you want to believe Jennifer . live by what ever moral code you want to live by . just make sure it 's yours . do not let it stem from anger or past tragedy . ( beat ) let it come from you heart . Jennifer turn around . zoey ( cont 'd ) what be it ? jennifer my new boyfriend . the one I want you to meet . Zoey turn around to see the boyfriend walk toward they . it should not come to a surprise that he look a lot like quinn . Jennifer get up and grab she boyfriend around the waist . he reach he hand out to Zoey . boyfriend ( nervous ) Nice to meet to mar 'am . zoey ( shake he hand ) likewise . Jennifer grab he hand right after he handshake with Zoey . jennifer we better get go . we be go to grab something to eat . zoey ( to the boyfriend ) I do not catch you name . boyfriend I be so sorry . I be be rude . 72 . jennifer ( laugh ) he can be like that . boyfriend I be Louis . Zoey be stunne . jennifer ( to Zoey ) you ok ? zoey yeah I be fine . ( snap out of it ) enjoy dinner . jennifer see you later on . boyfriend ( make eye contact with Zoey , smile ) Nice to meet you . zoey ( return contact , and smile ) likewise . the two lovebird walk away . Zoey stare at they for a second . a it " can not be look " cross she face . start " do and dusted ' close up - zoey' face Zoey smile almost to say to the camera that there be more out there . thing that we do not fully understand . the smile then fade . her final look be that of content . and then as done and dusted play we ... fade out . the end