chronicle written by Max landis base on a story by josh trank and Max landis from andrew's first camera . CUT - to indicate time lapse within a scene int . detmer residence - andrew's room the room be dingy . unkempt . the camera sit on the bed , on its side , face the door . we can hear someone move around off screen . the door handle click ; someone 's try it . then nothing . then , suddenly , loud pound on the door . Andrew 's voice be scratchy and prone to crack . he speak with a rush mix of fear and anxiety . andrew ( o.s. ) what do you want , I be get ready for school - mr. detmer ( o.s. ) why be the door lock , unlock this fuck door right now . the bed stir as Andrew sit down . mr. detmer ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I say unlock this door . unlock the door . OPEN the door , now . andrew ( o.s. ) you be drunk - mr. detmer ( o.s. ) listen , you do not tell I - if I 'm drunk , or - andrew ( o.s. ) it 's seven thirty . in the am . you be drunk , dad , that 's crazy - mr. detmer ( o.s. ) what be you do in there . andrew ( o.s. ) I be filming this . mr. detmer ( o.s. ) what ? andrew ( o.s. ) I buy a camera . I be filming all you shit from now on . 2 . there 's a beat , and then we can hear Mr. detmer move away from the door . int . detmer residence - sandra detmer' room equally dingy . sandra detmer , gaunt and sickly , be sit up in bed . Andrew 's filming she . she 's clearly very ill , speak in a weak rasp . Andrew now hold the camera . andrew ( o.s. ) Mom ? will you say hi to the camera ? sandra detmer who 's the audience ? andrew ( o.s. ) the million of people watch at home . sandra detmer hello world . do I look awful ? andrew ( o.s. ) no , you look great . sandra detmer I have be look a little better , yeah ? andrew ( o.s. ) oh yeah , definitely . sandra detmer it 's a nice camera . ext . clark STREET - morning Clark Street be a slummy mess ; dead lawn , pothole in the street in a downtrodden suburb of Portland Oregon . Andrew carry the camera loosely at he side before get into the passenger side of a car . in the driver 's seat be matt garrety , 17 , with messy hair . he 's disaffected , and more than a little cynical ; the reason demeanor of a unpretentious high - school intellectual . matt I get you egg salad . 3. andrew ( o.s. ) oh , yeah , thanks . CUT . they be drive . matt so ... should I ask about the camera , or - andrew ( o.s. ) I be filming thing now . I be filming everything . matt you be filming everything . andrew ( o.s. ) for my mom . I be try to get custody of she from my dad . she 's get worse , and he 's not ... help , and this way , in case something go down - matt he get violent or whatever - andrew ( o.s. ) right , it would be evidence . matt evidence . but you be not with he right now , but you be filming this . andrew ( o.s. ) well , yeah , to add context . matt context . Andrew , you be ... a weird dude . CUT . matt ( cont 'd ) do you ever read any Auguste comte ? andrew ( o.s. ) what be that ? matt he 's this philosopher I be read . 4. andrew ( o.s. ) for school ? matt he 's just like - he whole thing be about be positive and like , take up for yourself . you should read he , maybe , it might make you feel - you know , improve you outlook . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah , right . ext . benjamin franklin high - parking lot Andrew 's get out of the car , but then duck back in to see Matt lighting a pipe . andrew ( o.s. ) be you not come in ? matt I be gonna blaze a little first , yeah ? andrew ( o.s. ) you be go to miss first period - Matt turn on the radio , loud . andrew ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , okay . int . benjamin franklin high - hallway Andrew 's filming himself put stuff in he locker , and do a quick sweep of the crowded school hallway . andrew ( o.s. ) this be my school , I guess . this be the hallway - girl vote " kaz ! " a girl suddenly approach , awkwardly hand Andrew a flyer . girl ( cont 'd ) vote Steve kazinsky for senior class president ! 5 . andrew ( o.s. ) ... yeah - girl every vote count . Andrew film the flyer for a moment , brightly color and feature a picture of a smile Steve kazinsky , before something yank the camera away . for the first time we see andrew detmer , 17 , pale , awkward and gangly , with long , stringy hair and thin , scraggly beard . he look anxious , if not afraid . bryce ( o.s. ) yo this camera be a piece of shit . it 's like from 2004 or some shit . wayne , 17 , big and hateable in he Ed hardy T-shirt , appear wrapping he arm roughly around Andrew . wayne hey , how do I look ? ( start muscle pose ) like this ? ooh , that 's good . like this ? that 's sexy , right ? andrew bryce , gimme my camera back - bryce ( o.s. ) fuck you Andrew , shut up . this camera 's a piece of shit . wayne you get I , let 's go . Wayne turn and knock everything out of Andrew 's locker . bryce start to walk away with the camera . andrew ( o.s. ) hey , bryce , come on , give it back - the camera be set down on the ground , and then abruptly kick back to Andrew . he pick it up , check on it . andrew ( cont 'd ) ( quietly , sad ) oh come on ... 6 . ext . benjamin franklin high - football field a view from the bleacher as the soccer team practice . the cheerleader be practice too . we cut : a different view , lower . andrew ( o.s. ) this be where I eat lunch , out here on the bleacher . CUT . later . the camera 's next to Andrew as he 's eat , down on the bench . a cheerleader approach . cheerleader hi. andrew hey - cheerleader could you not videotape we , please ? it 's really fuck creepy . andrew I be not , videotape you , so much as I be just - cheerleader andrew just do not videotape - - you know , filming what I do during the - cheerleader do not videotape we , okay , or we will call security . we see you watch we , we be not stupid , and it 's sketchy , so back off . andrew ...okay . cheerleader be it on right now ? andrew yes . cheerleader turn it off . Andrew turn off the camera . 7. int . matte car Matt 's drive . Andrew 's filming from the passenger seat . matt there 's a party tonight . a barn party at Haven Hills . andrew ( o.s. ) I think Haven Hills be close . matt it 's abandon , yeah . that 's why it 's a good place for a party . two keg . andrew ( o.s. ) why be you tell I ? matt you wanna go ? I do not wanna go alone . andrew ( o.s. ) ... Nah ... matt when be the last time you go to a party ? andrew ( o.s. ) I do not like party . matt you be a senior . just come , you will have fun . andrew ( o.s. ) I will think about it . matt okay , right . Andrew , can I give you like , a pro tip ? andrew yeah ? matt keep the camera at home . it 's weird . andrew it have a purpose - 8. matt I be try to be a good cousin , here . this be I be you friend , yeah ? okay ? ext . detmer residence Andrew be filming as he walk along towards he house . howard ( o.s. ) hey , what you do ? costly ( o.s. ) hey nice camera bitch , gimme you fuckin camera ! the camera pan up to reveal howard and costly , moron hoodlum , along with several friend , over by a car on the other side of the road , drink forty . howard hey do not film I nigga , do not film I . costly hey fuck off , you better run to you house , bitch . run to you house and lock the door . Andrew just stand there filming they . Howard hurl he forty at Andrew , who do not move ; it shatter very near to he . howard the fuck , fuck you faggot - Howard quickly start crossing the street , and Andrew turn and run back towards he house . int . detmer residence - andrew's room the camera lay on Andrew 's bed again , filming the room . Andrew be on he laptop at a desk , work . andrew I be upload what I shot today ... you have to keep a back - up , you know . the door suddenly open , revealing mr . adrian detmer , 40s , Andrew 's father . he do not look as white trash as you would expect . 9 . Andrew look up at he , and then go back to work . detmer go over to Andrew and slap he out of he chair . mr. detmer when I say open this door , you open this fuck door . Mr. detmer leave , slamm the door on he way out . Andrew sit on the floor in silence . ext . haven hill farm - night we're in Matt 's car , drive on a dark dirt road , past a old fence and rusted out farm equipment . andrew ( o.s. ) be you sure it 's here ? ( beat ) be you sure it 's here , this all look close - matt it 's here , calm down . listen . we can faintly hear party music . andrew ( o.s. ) oh yeah . ext . haven hill farm - barn Cars be park outside a big abandon barn as Matt and Andrew approach . we see Christmas light strung up , and there 's clearly a party go on inside the barn . kid be milling about outside , too , drink , fuck around . matt hey dude , do not follow I around all night . andrew ( o.s. ) what ? matt do not follow I around all night , okay ? andrew ( o.s. ) what be I suppose to do ? I think you say you do not want to go alone - 10 . matt talk to people ? have a beer , I do not know . montaged footage ... Andrew skulk around the party , which be clearly in full swing . lot of bad footage of people talk , drink , girl dance sexy , guy joke around . Andrew be silent and detach , just filming . he see a girl , casey letter , 16 , filming as well . they shout over the music . casey hey , what be you filming for ? andrew ( o.s. ) oh , I do not - just filming . casey what ? I be filming for my blog ! andrew ( o.s. ) what ? casey I have a video blog ! why be you filming ? Andrew simply back away . more footage of the party . austin , 18 , in a Ed hardy shirt , come out of nowhere . he 's clearly a little drunk . austin hey , be you filming my girlfriend ? yes or no , be you filming my girlfriend ? andrew ( o.s. ) no , I be not filming anyone specific , just filming the party . austin ( beat ) okay , good , because I do not wanna have to beat you ass . andrew ( o.s. ) okay . austin do not talk back to I . do not get smart , okay , I be be nice here . I be be nice to you . ( more ) 11 . austin ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) say okay . andrew ( o.s. ) okay - austin Cause I know you be filming my girlfriend dance . I should break you fuck nose , you know that ? you know that , I should beat you ass right now , but I be try to be nice . fuck you . Austin abruptly throw he beer on Andrew , get some on the camera , and then spit on he . Andrew back up , shocked , lowering the camera . ext . haven hill farm - edge of the wood Andrew 's out alone in a field now , furiously clean the lens of the camera , obstruct we view . cut to a few moment later ; the camera now rest in he lap or on the ground . we can see the barn , the party still go on . after a few moment , we can faintly hear Andrew cry . steve ( o.s. ) ( loud , sudden ) be you Andrew ? andrew ( o.s. ) ( startle ) what - steve be you Andrew - with - the-camera ? ( beat ) Matt 's cousin , Matt say you have a camera ? the camera be pick up to reveal steve " kaz " kazinksy , 17 , approachably handsome and in great shape , with a easygoing , instantly likeable charisma . he 's a little drunk and giddy . steve ( cont 'd ) dude , be you okay ? andrew ( o.s. ) I be Andrew . 12 . steve I be Steve kazinsky - andrew ( o.s. ) no , I know . steve ... yeah ? andrew ( o.s. ) everybody know who you be . steve haha , yes , that be true . listen , come on , bring the camera . andrew ( o.s. ) what ? I do not - steve come on . Steve start off , but Andrew hesitates . andrew ( o.s. ) I do not - steve dude , come on , we find something . ext . haven hill farm - field Steve be walk ahead in the field of tall grass , toward wood . it 's rather dark . andrew ( o.s. ) look , I do not think we be suppose to - steve be there a light on that ? on you camera ? andrew ( o.s. ) oh , I do not - hm , I do not know - the camera go down for a moment while Andrew futze with it . the light click on , illuminate Steve . steve awesome . CUT . 13 . they have reach the wood , and Steve be climb over the remain of a fence . the light bounce around wildly . andrew ( o.s. ) what be you guy do out here ? this be way out - steve I and you cousin be blaze a little . andrew ( o.s. ) Matt 's out here ? steve a bunch of people be out here , but I think they have all go back , now , cause we be like , obsessed with the thing . andrew ( o.s. ) the what ? CUT . they're in the wood now , thick and dizzying . it 's near silent but they foot crush the fall leave on the ground . Steve walk out ahead . steve Andrew detmer , that 's right . I remember you from homeroom , freshman year . andrew ( o.s. ) you remember that ? steve yeah , I have a memory for face . I be gonna go into politics , which be ironic because I be soooo fuck high right now - probably should not be let you videotape this - andrew ( o.s. ) I be gonna be so rich when you be president , you have no idea - steve yeah , video footage of I luring you into the wood for gay sex - wait , hey - hey , matt , be this it ? 14 . matt ( o.s. ) down here ! andrew ( o.s. ) Matt ? the camera turn to reveal Matt , stand next to some kind of craggy hole in the ground , at the base of a hill in the wood . it 's big , but the darkness beyond be impenetrable to the camera . it look like a big black spot . steve there we go . there it be . CUT . Andrew and Steve be now down with Matt by the hole . Andrew be keep the camera fix squarely on the murky blackness , nervous . steve ( v.o . ) where be everybody ? matt they all leave . andrew ( o.s. ) we be not suppose to be out here . steve be it still make the sound ? matt yeah . do you tell Andrew ? steve oh , Andrew , it 's make a sound - matt here , listen . andrew ( o.s. ) guy - steve you have get to get really close to hear it . Andrew take a tentative step towards the hole . andrew ( o.s. ) guy , just do not like - do not push I , or do anything like that - 15 . steve ( o.s. ) you have get to go closer . like almost inside it . there 's a beat . matt we be not go to push you , we just wanna get it on tape . another pause . Andrew move towards the hole . even with nightvision , it 's completely dark in there . a beat . steve ( o.s. ) do you hear it ? andrew ( o.s. ) ... it 's like , whisper ? steve ( o.s. ) listen . andrew ( o.s. ) sing ? matt ( o.s. ) steve ( o.s. ) ooooh shiiiiit - that be so fuck creepy ! Andrew turn the camera back to Matt and Steve . andrew ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what be that ? steve we do not dig the hole , man . matt be the sound on the camera ? andrew ( o.s. ) I do not know , probably ... I mean , it 's - it 's kinda loud , right ? Matt look to Steve . steve do you guy wanna go in and have a look , or what - andrew ( o.s. ) no , I do not - I mean , I will not do th - steve hold you nose . 16 . Steve suddenly go right into the hole , vanish into the darkness . andrew ( o.s. ) hey , wait - steve ( from the dark ) ( faintly ) come on ! matt Steve , come on , we do not know if it 's stable in there - it 's probably just the wind , we should - Andrew abruptly go into the cave . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Andrew , hey , come on ! do not ... shit . int . the hole it 's almost pitch black , but we can hear Andrew breathe . it 's claustrophobic in here . eerily quiet . the camera search around , but the wall be tight in here , and low . andrew ( o.s. ) hello - steve andrew ( o.s. ) ( suddenly appear ) aah ! I be right here . andrew ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do it go down much deeper , or - steve yeah , really far . it 's not a cave , it 's like a tunnel - do you hear how loud that 's get ? andrew ( o.s. ) do you think it could be like wind , or - steve come on , man . come on . andrew ( o.s. ) then what do you think it be ? 17 . steve huh . I dunno . I do not believe in ghost . andrew ( o.s. ) who say anything about ghost . Steve laugh , and turn , go back into the darkness . Andrew follow . CUT . Matt 's face be suddenly in front of the camera . matt - should not have come in here . andrew ( o.s. ) Steve 's up ahead - matt at first I think this be a solutional cave , but now ... I dunno , it 's like a lava tube , or something . andrew ( o.s. ) I do not know what you be talk about . matt look at the wall . look at how smooth they be . it 's just straight shot down , I mean , we must have already go forty or fifty foot - andrew ( o.s. ) do not talk about it , you be make I nervous . matt you ever hear of plato 's allegory of the cave ? andrew ( o.s. ) no . matt nevermind . CUT . 18 . walk . darkness . the cave be even tighter now . the light flicker , some kind of electrical disturbance , then go out completely we hear Andrew curse , fumble with it , and the nightvision mode come on . CUT . the nightvision be scramble badly . all the form be distort and then - steve ( o.s. ) can you believe this , this be nut - the nightvision be turn off , revealing Matt . they have come into a larger chamber in the cave , one somehow light from within ; the boy be bath in a softly pulsing turquoise glow . they speak loudly , clearly talk over something we can not hear . matt be that , be that show up on the camera ? andrew ( o.s. ) I do not wanna film it , it 's mess with the camera - Matt forcibly turn the camera , to reveal Steve stand next to some kind of massive crystalline rock structure grow from , or maybe embed in , the wall . around it , and he , float wispy little cloud of light , turquoise and beautiful . Steve be clearly entrance , sweeping he hand through the light . steve touch one ! we see Matt , now also surround by the little aurora borealis like cloud , touch one ; it come apart in a silent little explosion of light , beautiful . andrew ( o.s. ) guy maybe ... maybe we should not ... a light cloud pass in front of Andrew , and we see he hand to extend to touch it . the subsequent little light burst badly warp the camera , clearly permanent damage . CUT . 19 . Andrew be now very near to the crystalline structure ; view up close , it 's almost arachnid , organic somehow . the light cloud have turn yellow . Matt be practically inside the structure , press it with he palm . matt - change color , see ? it must be reacting to the heat , some kind of exothermic reaction - andrew ( o.s. ) what ? I can not hear you over the - you know - steve make it change again ! this be awesome ! Matt press with he palm . there 's a low sustained hiss as the light cloud turn a angry shade of red . a stream of they be release from beneath the structure . the camera jerk suddenly , revealing Steve , who 's clutching he ear . steve ( cont 'd ) aghhhhh ! blood have begin to rapidly pour out of he eye , ear , mouth and nose , and he buckle forward ; the camera spin wildly and we see Matt seemingly flung out of the crystalline structure . it pulse , and seem to rapidly blossom and spread apart , revealing a blind light within which explode outward ; we can suddenly hear a overwhelming choir of voice , and the camera send rocketing backwards , flipping backwards up the tunnel - crack . digital code . black screen . hold on black . from andrew's second camera . ext . matte backyard - afternoon the camera turn on ; from the quality of the picture , it 's immediately evident that this be a new , better camera . it 's on a tripod , and Matt stand across a well manicure backyard ; he hair be a little different , time have pass . 20 . matt ready ? andrew ( o.s. ) Rolling , yeah . matt okay , ball test . take one . a baseball come fly in from behind the camera , nail Matt in the face ; he drop like a rock . matt ( cont 'd ) ow fuck ! what the fuck steve ! underhand ! Steve come in from off camera to help Matt , laugh ; we can hear Andrew laugh behind the camera , too . steve I be sorry , oh shit , I be sorry - CUT . now it 's Steve who stand on the yard . steve ( cont 'd ) go. a baseball come in from off camera , slower . it come down towards Steve , but at the last second make a bizarre , impossible course correction , fly up and hit steve in the face . steve ( cont 'd ) agh ! hey , matt , not cool ! Matt rush on , do a victory lap , one hand hold a ice - pack to he face . again , we hear Andrew laugh . matt we arrreee the chaaampion - CUT . Andrew 's out across the yard . he look a little better ; he 's get rid of the ridiculous nerd beard , and he hair be a little better keep . he nod . in fly the baseball . it abruptly stop in the air , a foot and a half from Andrew 's face . Steve and Matt let out a cheer , and the camera be yank off the tripod , take to show a closer view of the impossibly suspend baseball and Andrew . 21 . Andrew smile , and point to the suspend ball . a trickle of blood come out of he nose . andrew ah , shit . CUT . the camera 's on a tripod up on the back porch , filming Andrew , Steve and Matt stand a triangle . they be play catch ... no hand . the ball simply fly from guy to guy . they drop it a few time in some cut , but shout encouragement , and be clearly have a good time . finally , they get the ball go extremely fast . Matt look up . matt be - Matt get nail in the ball , and drop as Steve and Andrew rush to he , laugh . steve ` in the- penis - the penis - matt I think I hear my dad ... ughhh why I agaaaain !? int . matte kitchen Steve be very intently use he newfound power to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich , knife shakily move over bread . the camera be set down on the counter , Matt and Andrew watch . andrew the trick be to pretend like it 's on a plate . you get it on the plate and then you wrap the plate around it , and you can move it however you want . steve mhm . matt I have be pretend I be like , hold it in a fist , like a float hand . 22 . andrew yeah ? plate 's easier for I . steve guy , check it out . Steve have a glob of jelly and a glob of peanut butter float freely . they slap together and then down onto the bread , which slap close . steve ( cont 'd ) ha ! ( notice he bloody nose ) shit , shit - int . matte room - later Matt 's room be cover in band poster , kind of a mess . Matt 's sit on the floor by a desk , slowly assemble a lego set with he telekinetic ability . Andrew 's filming from the bed , where he 's lay down . andrew ( o.s. ) try to imagine that you squeezing the entire piece in you hand . matt that 's what I be do , it 's just , it 's hard . you be better at this than I , you do it . andrew ( mock ) really ? Andrew point at the lego set , and it fly together . matt ( wow , laugh ) dude , holy shit ! CUT . Andrew and Matt be laugh as Steve enter , hold out he cell phone . steve guy , listen , listen . samantha . Steve put he voice - mail on speaker . samantha pezon , 16 , sound a bit frustrated . 23 . samantha ( on phone ) I know you be over at that guy Matt 's house right now , okay , cause they say you do not show up for soccer practice , but you say the only reason you could not come see bound by Love with I be because of soccer practice , so ... you know , I just , I do not know what to think . I feel like we never hang out anymore , you have just be hang out with that two guy for the last like three week , and I ...ugh , call I back . steve what would you suggest , as like , a course of action for I , here ? matt why be you ask US for advice on girl ? andrew ( o.s. ) because we be he mistress . Steve laugh . int . steve's car - night Steve be drive Andrew home . steve - new camera 's work out for you , that 's good . CUT . steve ( cont 'd ) I have to admit , though , I do not understand the filming thing . andrew ( o.s. ) I tell you , it 's just my thing for right now . steve you do not feel like it 's a little weird ? like it put a barrier between you and everything ? andrew ( o.s. ) maybe I want a barrier . 24 . steve okay . I respect that . CUT . andrew ( o.s. ) my dad be actually a fireman , or be , I do not know . he get injure like two year ago , and now they just pay he out of , like , insurance . he do not do anything , I mean he go out during the day , but I do not know where . he drink a lot . steve so how do you pay for you shit ? andrew ( o.s. ) I do computer repair , and stuff . I actually make a lot of money ... steve what about you mom . andrew ( o.s. ) my mom have spinal meningitis , she 's - she can not work or anything , and the insurance do not cover all of she medicine , so a lot of my money have to go into that . I figure if I get enough on camera , maybe I can , I dunno , get custody of she or something . Steve mull this over . CUT . steve I have actually be have some problem with my parent , too . andrew ( v.o. ) yeah ? steve nothing like yours , though . not - never mind . there 's a long beat . 25 . steve ( cont 'd ) they have just be fight a lot . I think my mom be cheating on my dad . andrew ( o.s. ) ... that 's intense . steve yeah . I know . I be actually , yeah , I be sure my mom be cheating on my dad . andrew ( o.s. ) how - steve I just , you know , I see some stuff . it 's weird , you do not think about you parent as like ... people , or whatever . I do not know . the two guy drive in silence . steve ( cont 'd ) do not tell anybody about that - andrew ( o.s. ) haha no of course , no way . steve good . int . detmer residence - andrew's room it 's dark . we can hear shouting from elsewhere in the house ; " useless bitch , " " carry you ass long enough , " etc . Andrew reach over and turn off the camera . ext . benjamin franklin high - football field - bleacher Matt , Andrew and Steve be eat lunch on the bleacher . matt see last night , alone , I get my whole bed off the ground . no nosebleed . steve yeah , I be do weight , too . 26 . matt weight , like - steve free-weight , a barbell . I get up to two hundred pound before I ble . matt so it 's , yeah , this be my theory - it 's like a vagina . like it 's elastic , but if you stretch it too far too quick it will tear - andrew ( o.s. ) ew - matt and that 's why we be get better . we be loosen up . andrew ( o.s. ) could not that metaphor just be for any muscle in the human body , like work out or - steve no , I like braingina . braingina be the shiiiiit . Steve float up a bunch of chip from he bag , and then rapid fire they into he mouth . andrew ( o.s. ) I think it 's time we take this out of the backyard . Matt and Steve look confuse . int . steve's car Steve be drive , Matt 's shotgun , Andrew 's filming from the back . steve if anyone criticize you , just call they a hater . it 's like call someone a racist , they will just drop whatever they be complain about and be like " I 'm not a hater . " nobody want to be a hater . 27 . ext . wal -mart Matt and Steve be walk in , Andrew lag behind filming . steve ( cont 'd ) just stay back a little way , yeah - andrew ( o.s. ) I get it . int . wal -mart the guy be try to stay out of sight , look down a aisle where shopper stand . steve ( o.s. ) that girl , with the cart . a frumpy woman with a shopping cart suddenly start pull on the cart . it suddenly break away from she , and go careen down the aisle by itself , she chase after it . we can hear the guy crack up , try to stay quiet . matt ( o.s. ) she 's chase - she 's chase it - CUT . toy aisle . a toddler be look at teddy bear . andrew ( o.s. ) I get this . one of the teddy bear suddenly come to life , wave at the little boy . the little boy be wow . the teddy bear suddenly take off and fly through the air . again the stifle laughter . steve ( o.s. ) oh my god Andrew , look - Andrew pan up to reveal a woman at the end of the aisle ; she see everything , and be look around , wide eye . CUT . they be by the check out . 28 . matt ( o.s. ) see that guy chew gum ? andrew ( o.s. ) umm ... ( camera find the guy ) get he . matt I be gonna get the gum right out of he mouth - watch this . there 's suddenly a little air ripple in front of the man' mouth , and he 's yank face first into the gum and candy rack , which all crash apart . the guy all crack up and start run . steve ( laugh ) guy , why be we running !? we do not need to run , we do not need to run ! ext . field - sunset Matt sit on the hood of a car . he and Andrew be fling rock with they power . matt that be a good one , you get that one far . andrew ( o.s. ) hey Matt . ( beat ) do you like I ? matt what ? ( beat ) sure , yeah . I mean , I do not , always - andrew ( o.s. ) why not ? matt do not get mad , I mean , I like you now , I like you a lot . you be just , you be not super easy to talk to . you have get a lot of - 29 . andrew ( o.s. ) you be a asshole . matt see , that 's what I be say . you be hostile , man . andrew ( o.s. ) ( beat ) you know , you ... if you have not invite I to that party , none of this would have happen . matt yeah . andrew ( o.s. ) thanks . Matt laugh . int . matte car - afternoon - wal -mart parking lot none of the guy be visible . they be filming a woman park she car . steve ( o.s. ) I just always feel like I miss stuff . matt ( o.s. ) we be just sit around throw rock , it be nothing . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah , until all that chick show up . steve ( o.s. ) what ? shut up . matt ( o.s. ) okay , here we go , here we go . andrew ( o.s. ) be you sure there 's no one around - matt ( o.s. ) there 's no one , I just look , just go , ready ? ( beat ) ready ? ( more ) 30 . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) okay , Andrew , remember , get under it , you be the strongest , Steve get the side , I will get the front and back , we gotta do this quick . countdown . Three . two. one. go . the car the woman park shakily lift off , and immediately dip right . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Steve Steve Steve - steve ( o.s. ) get it , get it . silence , and we watch as the car get to about twelve foot in the air , make a full 180 degree rotation , and then wobble through the air over to a spot several space away , and then set down , neatly in place . steve ( cont 'd ) matt ( o.s. ) fuck yeah ! booyah ! yes ! fuck yes ! oh shit , blood - ext . wal - mart - parking lot - shortly thereafter Matt be sit against the car with a wad of kleenex on he nose , soak with blood . Steve be lean nearby , with a brown paper napkin . matt ( beat ) my braingina be have like a ... face period . steve yeah , you get some from you ear , too . you have gotta start work it out more , Matt . matt yeah man , in between my yoga . andrew ( o.s. ) you just need focus , Matt . matt ha . andrew ( o.s. ) you be lucky you get the kleenex , I be stick with the taco bell wrapper . 31 . Andrew hold out say wrapper in front of the camera . matt that 's like , at least twice as much blood as I usually see on a taco bell wrapper . steve guy , guy . look . the camera move around to show the woman return to the space where she car be park . she stop , baffle , and look around . we hear the guy stifle laughter . she notice she car park up ahead and walk over to it , look around . Andrew try to get a better angle , and she notice he , and stare . steve ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ignore we ! matt ( o.s. ) we be ( beat ) Mormons ! the woman stare a moment longer , and go to she car . int . matte car - moment later Matt 's drive , Steve 's shotgun , Andrew filming from the back . it 's raining . matt - sfuck insane , we just change she life . we do - andrew ( o.s. ) her face , I can not get she face out of my head . steve that be fuck great . I mean , this just give I so many idea , already , stuff we could do - there 's honk from outside . matt oh come on , what be this ? 32 . steve he 's like right on you bumper , too . Matt roll down the window and give the signal to pass . more honk . matt can you fuck believe this guy ? steve he 's just some asshole redneck , look at he . he 's fuck with we . they be drive out over a bridge in the wood . matt I do not know what to do , what should I - andrew ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) here , take the camera , take the camera . he hand off the camera to Steve ; now we see Andrew sit in the back seat . behind he , through the back window , we can see a pick - up truck , honk , way too close . andrew ( cont 'd ) abracadabra . Andrew flick he hand at the truck . the effect be instantaneous : the front of the truck cave in like it just hit a brick wall , wham , and sending it crashing off the bridge , out and down and into the water . steve ( o.s. ) ... i... what ... ext . the bridge the camera be be hold loosely at Steve 's side ; everything 's upside - down , and we can not see anything , but can hear the guy be clearly freak out . matt ( o.s. ) what the fuck do you do , man , what the fuck - andrew ( o.s. ) I do not mean to , I do not - 33. matt ( o.s. ) fuck ! shit ! what 's wrong with you , look at this , fuck ! steve ( o.s. ) be he still in there ? if he 's in there we have to get he out - andrew ( o.s. ) guy , just calm down , I be sorry , okay - steve ( o.s. ) fuck that , take you fuck camera . the camera be shove to Andrew 's chest , and linger there a moment before he bring it up to show a view off the bridge ; the truck be already sink in the water fifteen or so foot below . we tilt up to see Steve take off he jacket . andrew ( o.s. ) you do not have to - I mean I can - Andrew raise out a hand , try to telekinetically lift the car . it rattles , and then Andrew groan in pain . matt Andrew , just stop , just stop do thing . Steve dive off the side of the bridge . Andrew film he for a moment , swim to the car . int . matte car - moment later Andrew 's filming Matt , who look angry as he drive very quickly . andrew ( o.s. ) be you mad ? matt stop , just stop . ext . river side road Matt and Andrew pull up to see Steve drag the redneck asshole out of the water . they hurry out of the car . CUT . 34 . Steve have the guy on the shore . he 's daze and bleed . redneck asshole - what happen , cause ... I do not know .... my truck , my truck ... andrew ( o.s. ) be he okay ? Steve just stare directly at Andrew . Andrew pan to reveal Matt , on a cell phone . matt yes , just past White Crescent bridge . down by the- yes - andrew ( o.s. ) be that the cop , be you call the cop ? matt ( ignore he ) yeah , just come - no , I do not know . I do not know , maybe internal bleed , or - CUT . later . the cop and a ambulance have arrive . a officer be talk to Matt , Steve and Andrew ; the camera be hold low . local officer - look like he will be okay . lucky you guy be here . be that on ? you can go ahead and turn that off . the camera shut off . ext . stadium parking lot - night Matt look furious , while Steve just look uncomfortable and freak out . Matt 's car be park nearby . andrew ( o.s. ) I do not see how you guy can be so angry - matt you do not see how we can be angry ? you put a man in the hospital for fucksake . you put a man in the hospital , you hurt somebody - 35 . andrew ( o.s. ) he be be a asshole - he - I do not mean to - matt which part of that do you mean , do you mean he be be a asshole , or be it a accident ? be it a accident , Andrew , cause you be the strongest . listen , with this , we can not fuck around , ever . andrew ( o.s. ) then what have we be do , we have be fuck around - matt not like that , andrew . that 's - you can not use it on people , or hurt people like - Steve , help I out . Steve seem lose for word . andrew ( o.s. ) I - matt we need rule , okay . rule # 1 , you can not use it on live thing . rule # 2 , you can not use it when you be angry - andrew ( o.s. ) you can not just declare rule , you be not - matt I will fuck declare rule , okay ? if we keep go , and get stronger , we need rule . we need rule . ( beat ) damn it Andrew turn off the cam - SNAP to black . int . detmer residence - andrew's room it 's morning . the camera lay on the bed . Andrew can be hear breathe . CUT . later . 36 . the camera move , and be pick up , follow a spider as it move across the floor . it crawl up onto the side of the bed , then onto the sheet . Andrew 's finger point at it . the spider be telekinetically lift into the air . it hang struggle there for a moment , then become rigid . he spread he finger , and the spider abruptly separate into all of its component part . they stop move , hang lifeless . Andrew 's home phone ring , and he drop the spider . ring again . mr. detmer ( o.s. ) ( from downstairs ) Andrew ! answer the fuck phone ! int . matte car - steve's STREET Andrew 's filming Matt from shotgun . andrew ( o.s. ) do he say what it be about ? when he call , what do he say ? Matt 's quiet . andrew ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) be you still mad at I ? matt I be not mad . andrew ( o.s. ) ( beat ) you seem mad . matt ... power corrupt , be all I be say , man . andrew what do that even mean ? matt I just mean that we have to think about thing more now , okay ? we can not just do thing , we have to think first . andrew ... I understand . 37 . matt it 's just - nah , nevermind , we be here . ext . steve's house - morning the house be big and nice , somewhat isolate . Matt be walk up ahead of Andrew to the door . steve ( o.s. ) hey kid . Matt stop , and both Matt and Andrew look around . matt Steve ? where be you ? CUT . Steve be atop a power line pole , thirty foot in the air . Andrew and Matt look up at he from the ground . steve just try it , it 's easy . andrew ( o.s. ) that do not look easy . steve you throw yourself at the ground . you just fall , and catch yourself , and then it 's easy , I swear . do not try to jump or you will flip yourself . CUT . Matt hurl himself at the ground , wham . cut , and again , wham . cut , and this time he flip himself bam wham . andrew ( o.s. ) let I try - matt yeah . I be do for now . CUT . Matt 's now hold the camera , show Andrew . he check the street for car . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) no car , no car , go . 38 . Andrew throw himself forward . and stop , hang in mid air . andrew whoaaaamygod ... whoaaa ... Matt move in for a closer look at float Andrew , and give a glance up at Steve , who 's cheer on the telephone pole . matt holy shit dude ! holy shit , dude , holy shit ! holy ... shit dude , holy sh - CUT . ext . sky at first it 's not clear what we be look at , just blue sky . wind be very loud . the camera pan down to reveal we be five thousand feet in the AIR , in a clear between two larger cloudbank . the camera pan all the way down to show Andrew 's dangle foot , and below they , the impossibly far drop . we can hear Andrew laugh . CUT . we can see Steve and Matt , nearby , now wear winter - coat and hat to keep warm . they be play catch with a football . Steve toss it to Andrew , who actually go into a short dive to catch it . he look up to see Steve and Matt distantly cheer and wave they approval . CUT . Steve 's hold the camera , filming Andrew attempt a few fancy move , but he 's a clumsy flier . Matt do a few neater trick in some clip . steve ( o.s. ) hey Matt , you be finally good at something ! matt ( loud ) what ? the wind ! steve ( o.s. ) I say you be a idiot ! Matt give the thumb up , and Steve laugh . 39 . matt it 's about aerodynamics ! if I put a barrier just in front of I , I can go way faster , cause it cut wind resistance ! steve ( o.s. ) I can not hear a damn thing you be say ! matt yeah ! definitely ! CUT . Steve and Matt be see fly around , Steve further away , near a large cloud bank . Matt be use he ability to shape cloud fluff into a M. there be a hum , rattling sound , slightly audible even over the deafen wind . andrew ( o.s. ) guy , do you hear that ? neither of the guy can hear he . Steve however stop in the distance , look around . he shout something , inaudible . andrew ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what ? I can not hear you ! Steve pantomime , point at he ear and shrugging . a boeing 737 blows out of the cloudbank behind steve . he 's spun like a top in its wake , and drop like a rock . suddenly we be launch downward , and after a moment , the camera disconnect from Andrew , and we see he zoom ahead . the camera , in free-fall , spin wildly , then suddenly it swim through the air dizzily and land relatively gently in some tall grass . less than a second later , Andrew and Steve come fall down into the grass and roll roughly , split apart . they lay there , breathe hard . Andrew sit up , cough ; he eye , nose and mouth bleed . Steve suddenly leap up . steve woo ! holy fucking fuck ! I coulda died , man ! I almost fucking died ! Steve grab Andrew , shaking and hugging he . 40 . steve ( cont 'd ) you save my life , dude ! Andrew , you save my fuck life ! be that - Holy shit be that the camera ?! you and the camera !? catch I andrew ( exhaust ) y- yeah - steve fuckin ' amazing ! Matt touch down behind they , frantic . matt what happen , be you - steve ahhhhh ! Steve joy-tackle Matt to the ground . matt ( laugh ) what the hell , what the hell - Andrew , laugh tiredly , roll over and grab the camera . CUT . they be all stand in the field ; Steve be still wigging out . steve this be what people have want forever , since like caveman time ! do you understand , I mean do you - jesus christ , I can not even - everything be fuck great ! I can fly ! Matt , listen , just say it ! matt ... I can fly . steve shout it out man ! matt I can fly . ( realize it feel good ) I can fly ! Matt stand , shouting out at the field . 41 . matt ( cont 'd ) I can fucking fly ! Andrew cheer from behind the camera , and Steve laugh . andrew ( o.s. ) I can fly ! steve fuck . yes . hold on black for a moment . ext . steve's house - pool - night Steve , Matt and Andrew be sit around the pool outside of Steve 's house ; empty beer be all around . all three be at least tipsy . Matt be up . matt yo Andrew , Andrew , gimme a beat . andrew ( o.s. ) ( flatly ) no . all three crack up . matt that 's cold , you be so cold ! my own cousin ! dj Steve , dial I up - Steve immediately start beatbox . matt ( cont 'd ) okay , yo , yeah , yo , you say you wanna get high you be not high as I , you chillin ' at yo mom 's house I be at four thousand foot , cauuuse I get that tight muscle , in my , braingina , and you better believe I be a , frequent flyer , and you know I do not need no turbine , lady fly first class on garrety airline , my dj be senior class , president , straight outta Oregon , gotta , represent , Matt garrety bitch , I be the young Clark Kent . 42 . Steve and Andrew cheer and Matt take a bow . CUT . the guy have break open glowstick , and Steve be filming as Andrew and Matt manipulate snake of the glow fluid at each other ; it 's beautiful . CUT . we cut between three sing along ; " shake that " by nate dogg and eminem ( which Andrew protest too , as he do not know the lyric ) , " how you remind I " by nickelback , and " macho man " by the Village people . int . steve's house - live room - later the guy be in that sleepy mode , now . Andrew 's filming , but not really focus on anything . Matt 's sprawle out on a couch opposite he . Steve 's in a chair nearby . matt but how do she not notice ? steve well , I mean , she notice that it 's get better , definitely . you just have to be subtle . andrew ( o.s. ) that 's so cool . do not that count as break rule # 1 though ? steve pfff , technicality . matt man , I have not have sex since like ... a year . andrew ( o.s. ) I have not have sex since ever . steve ugh , man , you guy ... how be you so cool ? matt liquid nitrogen . CUT . 43. later . drowsier . Light 's come from the tv . the camera be lay haphazardly on Andrew . they be all nearly asleep , drowsy drunk . matt ( cont 'd ) hey guy , be you up ? steve yeah . andrew ( o.s. ) yo . matt today be like ... the best day of my life . like I be think and I can not think of any day I like better than today . there 's a silence . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah . steve unanimous . yes . matt okay ...good . beat . silence . ext . haven hill farm - the clearing - morning time have pass ; maybe two week . it 's early . the hole be clearly cave in ; the entire area be slump downward . steve well that answer that . andrew ( o.s. ) I feel stupid now that I be scared to come back . matt Nah man , we be all - I mean , I be , definitely , yeah . a police officer appear . police officer hey , you kid can not be here , okay ? you gotta move on out . 44 . matt what ? police officer the ground be unstable , we be cordon the whole place off . int . diner - morning Steve be filming Andrew and Matt across the table . steve ( o.s. ) I be live on scene here with Matt and Andrew , boy , can you tell we what 's happen ? andrew well , uh , it would appear that a virgin Mary have appear in the maple syrup on a young local man' pancake . matt in a second it will , wait ... Matt focus , and we see he syrup form a virgin Mary . steve ( o.s. ) that be , that be some very uh , definitely supernatural shit , go on there . CUT . matt well , when I be really little , I want to be police officer . steve ( o.s. ) oh , no shit ? andrew fuck you , pig . matt no , I just really get into on the idea of altruism , you know ? andrew what 's that mean ? 45 . matt like make thing better for everyone . andrew so what , you wanna do like , a charity ? that 's lame . steve ( o.s. ) why be that lame ? andrew I dunno . matt I mean , I be not gonna - it do not matter , you know . I be never gonna get out of this piece of shit town . you know , we be all just little piece . one person can not really make a difference . I use to think - I do not know . I do not know . Matt telekinetically lift a spoon and rocket it at the camera ; it plink off . steve aah ! douchebag ! CUT . now Matt have the camera , filming Steve . matt ( o.s. ) so what 's it feel like to be good at everything ? steve I be not good at everything - andrew ( o.s. ) name something you be bad at . steve I be not good at everything , I just do my best at everything . that 's what it 's about . I mean you talk about philosophy and shit all the time , but you never really do anything . have you even apply to college yet ? matt I will get to it - 46 . steve you could use some of that , man , I be just say . matt ( o.s. ) oh yeah ? well you could use some shut the fuck up . steve you lack initiative . matt you lack ... a dick . ext . road - later the guy be walk along . Andrew 's hold the camera loosely , not really caring , they be chat , it 's chill . Matt get a text . matt shit man , I get my mom 's birthday , I gotta go . andrew say hi for I . steve later dude . Matt turn and casually rocket off into the sky . steve ( cont 'd ) what be you do , where be you go now ? andrew well I do not wanna go home yet . you wanna go into the city ? steve ah , dude , it 's rush hour . andrew so ? there 's a beat , and then Steve laugh . steve Hell yeah , dude . 47 . ext . portland - the roof of the koin CENTER - sunset they're 46 storey up , chillin ' with milkshake . it 's fuck awesome . the city be beautiful . steve I wish I could bring samantha up here . she would love this . andrew ( o.s. ) you still have not tell she ? steve Nah , no way . she would freak out . CUT . steve ( cont 'd ) Mom 's like , never home anymore . I mean , you see how my dad be , he 's just quiet . sit around . I do not know . and talk to he about it be just pointless . he 's get nothing to say . CUT . andrew ( o.s. ) and it 's bad , because she pain get real bad , you know , and we can not afford the good med anymore . when I be little it be not as bad , but even then dad be still , you know , the way he be . I do not know . I do not know anymore . I do not know how to feel . CUT . steve it will be fine , dude . you will figure it out . andrew ( o.s. ) I hope so . steve hey , I want to ask you , winter break 's come up ... you wanna do the talent show with I ? get you out there , you know , meet some new people . 48 . andrew ( o.s. ) no , I - I mean , no , that 's not - I be really shy , and I do not have any talent , or - steve yes you do , you have a talent , you have a talent . andrew ( o.s. ) ( get it ) ... oh , no way . no way - int . detmer residence - sandra detmer' room Sandra 's in bed , sicker than ever . sandra detmer you look handsome . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah , Steve choose my clothes , he 's gonna do my hair . sandra detmer I be glad you be spend so much time with you friend . andrew ( o.s. ) oh yeah , I too . CUT . Andrew 's camera be down at he side . mr. detmer ( o.s. ) - get to school ? andrew I do not know what you mean - mr. detmer ( o.s. ) do not bullshit I idiot . Matt do not come , he do not drive up . you leave the house , and who the fuck be give you ride to school ? andrew Matt . 49 . mr. detmer no , wrong . something 's fuck go on with you , you can not hide it . think you can slink around , sneaking - sneaking around the house , smile , I know you shit . and we be not get no more fuck money for you mother 's pain medication , either . andrew ... I be sorry , I will try to - mr. detmer sorry be not good enough , fuck up ! you be a fuck up . you fuck everything up . put that fuck camera away - int . benjamin franklin high - auditorium at first , it 's just a shot off Matt 's foot , the camera point down , and we can hear hub - bub all around . it go to nightvision for a moment , then over - expose , then back to normal . matt ( o.s. ) ( grumble ) fuck ... the stupid ... the camera be levell , show a high -school auditorium 's stage . a group of kid be play screamo music . cut , a little later . a girl be sing . cut. casey , the girl with the videoblog from the barn party , be do hip - hop booty dance . she 's good . the camera linger on she . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ...s' fuckin awesome ... CUT . it 's a few minute later . " techno -syndrome " ( mortal kombat ! ) begin to play . there 's a beat , and then Steve , in a tuxedo , rush out onto stage . the applause be deafening , girl scream , etc . he raise he hand for silence , and then " present " Andrew , also in a tuxedo . mix reaction from the crowd . Andrew 's carry a deck of card ; he fumble they , they spill onto the floor . audience laughter ; Steve throw up he arm in exasperation . 50 . Andrew shrug , and all the card leap back up into he hand . there 's a beat , and then the audience go apeshit . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) yes ! fuck yes ! CUT . Andrew be juggling , six ball at once . Steve be drink a soda , and offer Andrew the soda . Andrew be annoyed . Steve pantomime joy at not have to give up he soda . Andrew stop juggling , leave all the ball hang in the air , and snatch away Steve 's soda . Steve lunge after he and get back he soda , only to have all the ball drop out of the air and hit he . the audience be losing there freaking mind . CUT . people around Matt be buzzing about how awesome it be . Andrew be transport bucket of water across the stage , spilling water everywhere . Steve be pantomime anger at the shoddy job he 's do . Andrew pantomime " well , you try . " Steve try , but trip and fall , send the content of the bucket fly out over the audience - - only for it to seemingly rewind back into the bucket ! the place goe berzerk . CUT . Steve and Andrew take they bow to overwhelming cheer , separately . Andrew bow again , and people freak out . we hear Matt cheer behind the camera . int . matte car - night Andrew 's filming from shotgun . matt just amazing dude - andrew ( o.s. ) you really think so - matt be you fuck kid , I have never see a reaction like that in the auditorium , you guy - it be fuck like - it shook the building . you guy be rockstar . 51 . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah , it do - it do feel like that . all the girl scream - matt ah , see , here 's the first stage of you downfall , hubris . andrew ( o.s. ) what 's that ? matt what ? andrew ( o.s. ) what 's " hubris ? " matt seriously ? andrew ( o.s. ) what " seriously , " fuck you seriously ! matt ( laugh ) I be sorry , I be sorry - andrew ( o.s. ) hey Matt . ( beat ) what 's " seriously " mean ? ext . house party it 's a house party , raging . Steve 's out on the porch with he girlfriend samantha , 16 , super hot , of course . samantha aaah andrew ! samantha run down and embrace Andrew , knock around the camera . samantha ( cont 'd ) hi Matt ! matt hi samantha ! 52 . samantha everybody 's freaking out , you have gotta come in here - CUT . we see shot of the house party , which be rock . people keep come up to Andrew and tell he " that be awesome ! " or " you fuck rock ! " Andrew sheepishly acknowledge this . finally , a very hot girl with pink hair and a monroe pierce be talk . this be monica , 16 . she 's a little drunk . monica just fuck amazing . Magic be so hot . do you know , I and my mom , in Vegas , go to a magic show , but they do not have anything like that . andrew ( o.s. ) yeah , well , we spend a lot of time practice - monica do you not remember I , at all ? andrew ( o.s. ) what ? monica we take american History together . andrew ( o.s. ) oooh , oh yeah , you hair be different ; it be blue , right ? monica yeah ! andrew ( o.s. ) monica , yeah - monica yeah ! hiiii ! CUT . more shot of the party , of monica talk . she entreat Andrew to join she on a beer- pong team . a little tipsy , Andrew agree , set down the camera on a couch . it lay there . some guy pick it up . 53. some guy and now , you get a special treat , I be gonna film myself take a piss . Matt snatch away the camera from he . CUT . Matt 's walk around with the camera now he film people dance , talk , a people take shot . casey pass , filming for she video blog . Matt 's camera follow she , but then go back to Steve , who 's cheer on Andrew and monica , who be of course dominate at beer-po . but they take shot anyway . CUT . steve ( drunk ) Matt , you have the camera yeah ? you have the camera , cause , do not let he forget the camera , okay ? that 's Andrew 's camera . matt ( o.s. ) right on . CUT . Matt wander the party ; a stoner come up . stoner hey Matt , wanna blaze ? matt ( o.s. ) ( beat ) no , I be good . I be just filming for Andrew . stoner Andrew ? he 's upstairs in the bedroom hook up with that , whatshername , hair girl . matt ( o.s. ) yeah , I be a little drunk though . movie ! makin movie . the stoner wander off . matt ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I be make a experimental film . 54 . ext . house party - porch Matt turn the camera around to film himself . matt hey Andrew , hope you be see this . congratulation , sir . I be drunk , sorry . I be really worried about you , like , before everything , but I do feel like ... ( beat ) I feel like this will get better for you , man . I be sorry I have not be there for you as much , you know , when we be grow up , because , I know you could be a angry ... be a angry dude . but I love you , you know . detmer - garrety extend family for liffffeeeeee . ( beat ) but listen when do I become the one who 's ... who 's out alone filming myself , with the camera - casey hey Matt . the camera spin to reveal she , and then immediately drop to Matt 's side . casey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what be you filming ? matt ( o.s. ) just a thing , it 's nothing like - you know , Eye of the Storm or anything - casey ( o.s. ) you watch my blog ? matt ( o.s. ) I - yeah , a lot of people do . I have actually be stalking you since like , sophomore year - sorry , use of the word stalking - casey stocking be why I love Christmas . you wanna get outta here ? this place be too loud for I . 55 . matt yeah , I - yes - yeah , just gotta drop off the cam - Matt fumble with the camera , turn it off . black screen . hold on black . int . detmer residence - andrew's room - morning we can hear it raining hard outside . the camera be lay on its side on the floor , and turn on when Andrew fumble with it . there 's scream from downstairs ; long and low , real pain sound . Andrew drop the camera and rush out the door . the camera lay on the floor . time pass . andrew ( o.s. ) ( faintly ) Mom , it 's go to be okay , okay ? just try to get through , it 's go to be okay . Mr. detmer enter , and notice the camera . he reach down and pick it up . int . detmer residence - live room in the squalid live room of the detmer residence . the camera be be hold off at a angle by Mr. detmer , as Andrew try to get it back . it move around a bit , so Andrew and he father be both on / off screen . mr. detmer - think you can fuck use I , you be abusive , you be a fuck user little piece of shit . I go through you camera . andrew what would you ... you - what would you see ? mr. detmer just you fuck be a drunk mess , spend my money , drink with you fuck friend - 56 . andrew I do not spend any of you money , richard - mr. detmer Cause I do not have any fuck money to spend , it all go to school for you , for medication for you mother - andrew School do not cost any money , I go to public school you idiot - mr. detmer - now we can not afford you mother 's pain med anymore , up there scream - do you just - what the fuck did you just call I ? call I a fucking idiot ? Mr. detmer hurl the camera directly into Andrew 's face . it knock he down and clatter to the floor . andrew ( clutching he face ) you asshole , you fuck crazy asshole - mr. detmer get out of my house ! you're do live here , get out ! detmer rush up to Andrew and slap he , and again , and again , and again , and wham ! Andrew backhand detmer hard , flooring he . Andrew turn and pick up the camera , leveling it coolly on he father as he try to stand . Andrew 's arm snake out and grab detmer by he throat , lift he easily and slamm he against the wall . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) I can not - can not move - andrew mr. detmer I could crush you . you know get - off - let I go - you be that , I can fucking crush hurt I - you . I can kill you without * even fucking touching you . Andrew turn and fling Mr. detmer into the sofa , which flip on the impact . we can hear Andrew 's gasp sob , panicked , as he turn , run out of the house , and launch into the AIR . 57 . ext . the thunderstorm Andrew 's just below the cloud , massive dark and ominous above he . it 's clearly not safe , rain and wind whipping he body , lightning crackle inside the cloud . we can hear he breathe hard . he touch the bottom of a cloud , and get a powerful electric shock , force he to back off a tiny bit . steve ( o.s. ) hey ! hey asshole ! the camera turn , show Steve , in a rainslicker , fly up to meet Andrew . andrew ( o.s. ) where 's Matt ? steve we have to get down from here right now , Andrew ! this be not safe ! andrew ( o.s. ) where 's Matt ? steve hung over , dude ! you should be too ! let 's just - andrew ( o.s. ) no ! steve what the fuck be you do ? andrew ( o.s. ) I be filming the storm , no one 's ever film a storm like this up close bef - steve no , we be get the fuck down , now . this be fuck crazy , Andrew - what - what happen to you face ? andrew ( o.s. ) ... my dad - steve you dad fuck beat the shit out you ! come on , we will go to the cop , let 's get out of here . he can not do that Andrew . ( more ) 58 . steve ( cont 'd ) this be not the way you handle it , we will go together , let 's go , he can not do that - andrew ( o.s. ) you do not give a shit , stop act like you care ! steve I do not fuck care !? you be my best friend , idiot ! andrew ... what ? steve I hang out with you and Matt practically every fuck day ! you think I talk to anyone else about my parent , or my feeling on shit , be you that fuck insecure ? andrew ( long beat ) I be a idiot . I be sorry Steve , oh god , I be sorry - steve dude , it 's okay . you just need help , okay ? andrew yeah , yes , I do not know what I be do - steve it will be fine . but we have - ... do you hear that ? I hear ... sing . a blinding flash of lightning strike steve , blasting he out of the sky . the boom of thunder be deafen . for a moment , all we can see be the stormscape , and then we hear Andrew 's rush , panicked breathe . digital distortion to black . ext . cemetary - day it 's a gray , dark day . a funeral be in progress ; we be filming from within the mourn party . 59 . a large picture of Steve be on a stand as the priest read a eulogy . Andrew 's camera movement be rigid again , tight and confine , back to how they be when we first start . we see Steve 's mother and father . his mother be sobbing . his father simply look shellshocked , stare at the casket . Steve 's mother lean on he father , and he push she away . there 's samantha , cry uncontrollably . the camera pass Matt ... who 's stare directly at we . CUT . Andrew walk along in the cemetary , filming tombstone . matt ( o.s. ) what be you do ? film grave , I do not get it . the camera look up at Matt . he 's keep he distance . matt ( cont 'd ) you be not return my call , why be not you return my call . andrew ( o.s. ) I have be busy . matt no you have not . why be not you return my call . turn off the camera . andrew ( o.s. ) ... no . matt turn off the camera . silence . matt ( cont 'd ) I have a miss call from you , that morning . and from Steve . I listen to you voicemail . no voicemail from Steve . andrew ( o.s. ) I be upset . 60 . matt ( long beat ) how do you get strike by lightning during a storm with no record lightning strike ? ( wait , nothing ) you can look that up online , you know , they keep track of it . I look it up . Zero . and they find he out in a field , why would Steve go out in the middle of a field during a lightning storm ? the camera shift a little . andrew ( o.s. ) I do not know - matt what ? andrew ( o.s. ) I do not know - matt no , no , you do know , you do know , I think you do know . andrew ( o.s. ) I do not . matt what happen , Andrew . just stop , stop lie to I , and tell I - andrew ( o.s. ) I be not lie , I do not know what happen - matt I do not believe you , okay ! I do not believe you , I want you to - put the fuck camera down . andrew ( o.s. ) no , why - matt because I want to talk to you . put it down - put it down , Andrew , please - put it down , turn it off , put the fuck - 61 . Matt , very upset , suddenly advance on Andrew , try to pull the camera away . he 's suddenly shove backwards ; Matt recover himself before he fall , stare at Andrew . the camera hang limply for a moment . matt ( cont 'd ) ( break down a little ) what do you do , Andrew ? what be I suppose to do ? who be I suppose to tell , about this , man ? who do I tell ? I mean - I do not , I do not know how I be suppose to - why will not you just tell I what happen ? the camera and Andrew suddenly launch into the air , rocketing away from Matt . int . detmer residence - andrew's room the camera be on Andrew 's dresser , near he mirror . Andrew suddenly appear , hold a kitchen knife . andrew ( address the camera ) - want to show you what I be talk about . Andrew take the camera , and angle it down at he arm . he take the kitchen knife , and press the tip into the flesh of he wrist . he drag the blade down hard , all the way to he elbow ... but no cut appear . he then violently jab himself several time ... but no penetration . andrew ( cont 'd ) see , it 's - I put a little sheet between myself and the knife , and the barrier , the sheet , be too strong . the knife can not cut it . I mean like , what I be say be if I concentrate , I can not be hurt . I can not be injure . because of the little sheet . ext . benjamin franklin high - football field Andrew sit alone on the bleacher . the cheerleader be practice . the camera zoom in on samantha . she sit alone on the sideline , watch numbly . 62 . int . benjamin franklin high - hallway Andrew be put he stuff away in he locker . he 's suddenly shove into the locker roughly . the camera turn , revealing Wayne walk away . the camera scan the mostly empty hallway quickly , then go back to Wayne , now almost twenty foot away . andrew ( o.s. ) hey Wayne ! wayne what , you get a probl - one of Andrew 's hand flick out , and Wayne 's mouth suddenly gush blood . Wayne scream , fall , and be immediately tend to by other student . int . benjamin franklin high - bathroom stall Andrew have laid out three small bloody object on the back of the toilet , and present each one to the camera one by one . they're Wayne 's bloody tooth . andrew ( o.s. ) see , this one , I get clean , cause I do a little lasso around the root , but this two , they be break cause I think I pull they from the middle . Matt be always better at the little , the intricate stuff , he get good at that . see how break it be , ugh , sloppy . int . benjamin franklin high - guidance counselor' office Mike fernandez , 30 , serious but warm , sit across the desk from Andrew . the concern in he voice be very real . fernandez could you put the camera away ? andrew ( o.s. ) no , I be filming this . I film everything . 63. fernandez I understand that thing have be very hard for you recently , Andrew , but the camera kind of - it alienate a little , you know ? andrew ( o.s. ) what do you want to talk about ? fernandez ( beat ) there 's concern for you grade , Andrew . and as far as I know you have yet to apply to any college , so - andrew ( o.s. ) it 's not doable . financially , they be not - I mean , my dad do not go to college either . fernandez well , yes , but I still think it 's worth think about . there be three different community college locally that offer great program for - andrew ( o.s. ) I do not need college , Mr. fernandez . fernandez ( beat ) I think that 's a very close - minded attitude , Andrew . I know that you come from a difficult background , and I know how horrible the pain can be when you lose a friend . but I do not think you should let this make you lose hope . I mean , this be you future . you do not want to compromise you future . ( long beat ) Andrew ? int . detmer residence - andrew's room the camera be sit on the floor . we can hear scream from downstairs . Andrew pick up the camera , and go to the mirror , filming himself filming . after a beat , he step out from behind the camera , leave it hang in the air . 64 . he stand look at himself , and then the camera . the camera turn to face Andrew . he do not look good , but give a weak smile . int . detmer residence - ms. detmer' room we be peek in through the door . we can see Sandra detmer writhe around in agony in the bed , moan in pain . she let out a long scream , and then seem to notice we watch . sandra detmer Richard be that you ? Richard , you have to let I have my medicine , I can not ... Andrew ? who be that ? look , please come in here , I need help to turn over . it hurt , please , Andrew , you have to tell you father ... tell you father to get my medicine ... Sandra , she eye close in pain , be lift and roll onto she side . sandra detmer ( cont 'd ) Andrew ... thank you Andrew ... be that you ? do you - the door close . ext . junkyard - night the junkyard be fill with junked car , metal garbage , old equipment . the camera sit awkwardly on the hood of a wreck car as Andrew fidget to get it mount . the area be light by light from the main building , not too far away , but you can tell he 's not suppose to be in here . CUT . Andrew move out in front of the camera . he telekinetically pull a old car forward , and lift it easily . he move it leave , move it right , roll it , set it back down . CUT . Andrew be sit , rest , tired . he speak directly to the camera . 65 . andrew I have be do a lot of read , like you know , online , about evolution , and the way it work , and you know , natural selection . the uh ... ( cut ) the strongest animal will always survive , and they be the one that you know , will prosper , or grow , and survive , by feed on the smaller animal . and as human we - see , there 's ... uh - ( cut ) there 's this thing call a apex predator , and basically what that be the most powerful predator in a ecosystem . and human , you know , we be the apex predator , because there 's nothing that prey on we , cause of weapon and stuff . but if something could , I bet it would . I ... ( cut ) I mean , what I be try to say be , a lion do not feel guilty when it kill a gazelle . you do not feel guilty when you squash a fly , you know - I think that mean something . I think it really mean something . CUT . Andrew 's back out with the car . he lift it again , then make a quick " squeezing " motion . as he do this , the car violently compress down to the size of a basketball . Andrew fling the ball of metal into a scrap pile , which collapse loudly . Andrew fall down onto he butt , a little exhaust , but as he get up he be abruptly attack by a guard dog , which bite he twice before he 's able to fling it off . the dog recover , and rush Andrew , who raise a hand , blast the dog across the yard , kill it instantly . Andrew turn and look at the camera , and it turn off . from casey' camera . everything be crisper , cleaner , brighter . Higher resolution . 66 . int . casey' house - bathroom we be look at the door to a bathroom , only a crack open . it 's push open , revealing Matt , shirtless , brush he tooth . casey ( o.s. ) ahhhh ! casey run up and hug Matt from behind , startling he . int . casey' house - kitchen - morning Matt be cooking ; he 's get four different thing on the stove . casey ( o.s. ) how would the interview go ? matt I tell you how the interview go . casey ( o.s. ) but now we do it for the camera . matt casey ( o.s. ) ughhhhhh - come on . matt uconn not so good , Columbia be good , University of Miami be really good , Arizona State be okay . casey ( o.s. ) who end up pay for all of the airfare ? do you parent - matt haha , no , I tell you they would not . casey ( o.s. ) do you pay ? matt nope. nobody . I fly myself . I need the exercise . casey ( o.s. ) ( beat ) you be a man of mystery . Matt smile . 67 . casey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) God , how do you always cook so many thing - Matt snatch the camera away from she , turn it to reveal that she 's topless ; casey have already cover up with she arm . casey ( cont 'd ) ( run away ) aah ! ahh oh my GOD matt aaahhh ! CUT . they be at the breakfast table . Matt 's eat , and casey , filming , be talk between bite . casey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you have to do at least one of you trick for the camera , though . matt I be so sick of be film , you have no idea , casey - casey ( o.s. ) no I know , but I be not go to use any of this . I just want you to do a trick , one of you good one . matt when do you parent get back from Spain ? casey a week . matt ( beat ) okay , if you do not film I for one week - casey ( o.s. ) ahhhh - matt one week , I will show you my new trick . I guarantee you will shit brick . yeah ? casey ... ughhhh . 68 . int . casey' house - casey' bedroom Matt 's asleep in bed on a different day . casey 's filming from next to he . casey ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) I be filming you and you do not know . I be terrible . I be gonna show you this later and you be gonna be like " whaaaaaaaaaat ! " ext . casey' house - backyard Matt run out ahead of the camera , and do a little shuck - and - jive boxer dance . casey ( o.s. ) you ready ? matt I be ready ! casey ( o.s. ) be you sure - matt let 's do it ! woo ! casey raise a paintball gun out ahead of the camera . she fire . Matt 's arm whip out , impossible fast . he hold up the catch paintball . casey ( o.s. ) ( awed ) Holy shit , Matt . matt come on ! bring it on ! casey fire several more shot , Matt catch they effortlessly , then hurl they all into the air . mid-air , they all pop , some of the paint landing on the camera and casey . casey ( o.s. ) ( laugh , awed ) Matt , oh my god , oh my god ! 69 . int . casey' house - casey' bedroom - night it 's dark ; the camera turn on , then the light , revealing Matt , groggy , half awake . casey ( o.s. ) what happen ? matt ughhhh camera ... I have that dream again . casey ( o.s. ) tell I . matt it 's like I be ... I be not I , I be something else . and I be out in this ... out in space . and star be all around I , and I be zoom past they ; everything be really like three -d , I can see the shape of the star . I be look for somewhere to sleep , or something , and I see earth , and I go down to earth . and then ... I do not know , just the main part be that I be out and there be the star and they just look like million of little point of light ... and Steve be there . casey ( o.s. ) Steve be there ? matt yeah but he feel like he 's not part of it . like he 's there separately , inside my head . Andrew be there too . I do not know . I be worried about Andrew . ( beat , slyly ) why do not you put the camera away ? casey ( o.s. ) oh yeah ? what 's gonna happen to I if I put the camera away - matt oh I think you know . I think you know what 's go down . casey ( o.s. ) we could leave the camera on . 70 . matt you arrrrreeee ... c'mere . Matt advance on casey , and the camera fall off to the side of the bed . we can hear she giggle , which be abruptly muffle by kissing . digital distortion to black . ext . cemetary - day the camera be aim at Steve 's tombstone . there be still flower and memorial spread around . some be rotting . the camera move around a little , then back to Steve 's tombstone . int . detmer residence - andrew's room - night scream from Sandra 's bedroom . the heater rattling . the tv from downstairs . there 's a knock on the window . the camera be pick up , to reveal Matt float outside , look around nervously . after a moment , Andrew open the window . CUT . Matt stand fidget , clearly uncomfortable , as Andrew film he . matt you have not be return my call , so I think I would just ... you know , ambush . andrew ( o.s. ) that 's rude . matt I just - I have be get , you know , bad vibe or whatever . Andrew be silent . matt ( cont 'd ) I know you stop come to school , and my mom say you guy be have a lot of problem with money . I be worried about you . 71 . andrew ( o.s. ) why ? you life 's great - matt dude , do not be like that , okay - andrew ( o.s. ) you do not need to worry about I . I be stronger than ever now . I can lift a whole car by myself . I could fuck crush this entire house , I be fine . matt that do not - that actually sound like the opposite of fine . Andrew , come on , let 's get out of here , you room 's a mess , it smell like a denny 's bathroom in here . andrew ( o.s. ) so what ? matt you be my cousin . you be my friend - it 's my responsibility to take care of you . andrew ( o.s. ) I think you should go . I have to pick up my mom 's medication . matt ... be you go to break the rule ? ( beat ) we be too strong now , Andrew . we be too strong for that . if you do that , you know I would have to - andrew ( o.s. ) you would have to what . you be always the weakest . you could not do shit to I . matt ... Andrew - andrew ( o.s. ) I be not gonna break you stupid fuck rule , just fuck off and stay out of my life . 72 . Matt stand stare at Andrew . the camera fidget uncomfortably . Matt shake he head , and the camera follow he as he go to the window , give Andrew one last look , and then rocket off into the sky . the camera sit in silence , point at the window . int . pharmacy the camera approach the counter . pharmacist hello , how can I help you . andrew ( o.s. ) I be here to pick up a prescription for Sandra detmer . pharmacist um , yes , hold on . that 's imuran , baclofen , glatiramer and vicodin . andrew ( o.s. ) that 's right . pharmacist okay , and the copay on that be ... Seven hundred and fifteen dollar , eighty three cent . silence . andrew ( o.s. ) I have to come back . pharmacist okay , we will hold it for you . int . detmer residence - andrew's room - later Andrew be filming out he window , watch he father leave . his stereo play David bowie . once he dad 's car be go , Andrew set down the camera on the dresser opposite the mirror , and leave the room . time pass , and Andrew reappear , now drag a crate . he open it , and pull out he father 's fireman 's uniform . we do short - space time cut as he take out the jacket , look at it , and turn it inside out , so that the metallic fireproof inner lining be expose . " Ziggy stardust " come on Andrew 's stereo . 73. Andrew , wear the jacket , look at himself in the mirror , he back to the camera . he reach down , and pick something up , look at it , then pull it over he head . it 's a gas mask . he stand there stare at the surreal , hard edge , faceless figure in the mirror . look right . look leave . adjust the mask . then turn and whip out he hand ; the camera be abruptly yank across the room . ext . run - down house - sunset it 's a run-down house in Andrew 's neighborhood . the streetlight and the set sun give everything light in yellow orange haze . Howard , costly , and some other thug be chill on the porch , laugh loudly , smoking a blunt . they clearly have not notice Andrew , who 's filming from out by the street . he reach down , and pick up a rock , then hurl it at the house . it fly up and break a window . costly , Howard and the thug immediately mobilize , swear and posture as they rapidly surround Andrew . he do not react . howard you be about to get fuck stomp , you know that right ? you hear I son ? come to my house , it 's late , I do not see any fuck police officer or some shit , I do not know what you you think you be do throw shit at my house - costly no , wait , what the fuck . what the fuck be you dress up like that for . be you high ? howard lil ' Andrew 's straight up trip right now , I do not even know , I 'ma give you ass a wake up call - Howard start towards Andrew , who raise a hand out in front of the camera . he make the " gun sign . " 74 . howard ( cont 'd ) oh you get a gat ? I get a gat too bitch - Howard start to pull a gun from the back of he pants . andrew ( o.s. ) ( fire the finger gun ) bang . Howard 's body abruptly fold backward with a sickly loud chorus of crack , and then be flung aside . the thug , shocked , do not have a second to react before Andrew telekinetically blows one of they backward , send he smash headfirst through the windshield of he car . costly and the remain thug start run , and the remain thug leg suddenly flip up out from under he , break , bend and twist like a rag doll , before he 's propel face first into the ground , wham . Andrew launch into the air , come down just in front of costly , who skid to a halt . costly - no , no - costly be shove to the street and ground back and forth as though under the weight of a giant thumb , leave a glisten smear of clothes , blood and skin , before he fall across the curb . we can hear the man scream and groan in agony , but other than that , the night be silent . Andrew raise a hand , and all of they wallet and loose money lift away from they , fly to he . there 's a beat , and then Andrew launch into the air . ext . radiotower - 80 feet up - twilight Andrew sit under one of the red airplane spotter light on one of the strut support . the camera sit nearby , watch the expressionless figure as it count the money . there 's a beat and he hang he head . we can hear muffle noise of frustration from under the mask . something that sound like a low , angry scream . very suddenly , he dive off the tower . a second later , the camera be yank after he , zoom out into freefall . 75 . ext . gas station Andrew , hold the camera , touch down just outside the gas station . he wait a beat , and then start to walk towards it . we transition to ... from gas station security cameras . Black and white , a slightly grainy feed , with no audio . we watch from the camera by the pump as the bizarre figure in the coat and the gas mask , hold the camera out in front of it , stride past people pump gas , into the station store . int . gas station the wall mount security camera show we the whole store . Andrew enter , turn to the clerk behind the register , who say something , look concerned . he 's suddenly blow out of frame . after a beat , the register rip itself free from the counter , and float over to Andrew . Andrew turn and walk out , the register float with he ; as he do , a second clerk rush out , panicked , yell . he go behind the counter , and grab a shotgun . ext . gas station Andrew exit the gas station , as do the clerk , who yell , raise the shotgun . Andrew whip a arm out towards he , and the clerk fire as he 's hit by a wave of energy . the shotgun blast go wild , strike the stack tank of propane next to the garage . the effect be instantaneous ; a blind white flash of fire envelope the clerk and floor Andrew , the camera we look through jerk awkwardly , the feed break down . from andrew's second camera . the camera lay awkwardly on its side , the distort audio from its damage microphone sudden and piercing . it 's be flung a good deal away from Andrew , who lay motionless , burn . 76 . the clerk be dead , and a nearby gas station customer be horribly injure and scream . his gas pump lay on the ground , pump out gas onto the asphalt . Andrew slowly shift , unable to move properly , and force himself to roll over . the fire on he body touch the fire on the asphalt , and spread lightning fast to the gas pump . the result explosion engulf the entire station . the camera be spun violently out into the street - violent distortion and crash to black . from secure room video feed int . hospital room the camera be color , with crackly , strange , somewhat distort audio . the image be a little blow out . Andrew on a bed . his entire right side be absolutely scorched ; the flesh look like bloody , crack paper , blacken and red . the part of he that be bandage be already soak through with blood . he be barely breathe , hook up to various machine . Andrew be not go anywhere anytime soon . this be ensure by the handcuff on he leave wrist . the machine beep . Andrew do not move . the door open , and Mr. detmer enter , speak to a police detective on the other side of the door . mr. detmer - come down to the city , cause he mother 's all alone right now . she 's get ms , I have to leave she at the house all a fuck alone . police detective I understand , Mr. detmer . mr. detmer shit. Jesus , look at this . can I have a moment with my son . police detective yeah I - I will be outside the door , yeah ? 77 . mr. detmer okay . the officer close the door , and Mr. detmer go and sit down in a chair next to the bed . he sit there stare at Andrew , clearly horrify and upset , and bury he head in he hand . we speed up the recording , and detmer just sit like that . after five minute of speed up , we slow down . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) I want you to apologize to I . Andrew be comatose . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) I say I want you to apologize to I . I know you can hear I . so I want you to sit up and apologize to I . I want you to stop this bullshit right now . Andrew be comatose . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) do you know how much this shit be go to cost I ? do you know what you have do to you family ? ( beat ) you do not even care , do you ? you just do not give a fuck , you have get you fuck morphine , do not you . there 's a beat , and then detmer suddenly slap Andrew 's burnt shoulder . Andrew flinch badly , and he pulse speed up on the monitor . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) stop it . I be not buy this shit , you can not just play this off like a fuck ( slap ) game , this be real . you really fuck I , I and you mother you know that , you little ( slap ) shit . Andrew no longer flinch , but the slap leave red , bleed molten welt . detmer stand up , clearly upset , and take a quick pace forward and back . mr. detmer ( cont 'd ) goddamn it , goddamn it !- 78 . detmer go to slap Andrew again , and Andrew 's arm jerk up . Mr. detmer float be telekinetically lift into the air . he hang scream and struggle for a moment , then become rigid . Andrew spread he finger , and he father abruptly separate into all of he component part . they stop move , hang lifeless , then drop to the ground in a bloody mess . Andrew 's eye open , revealing black - red eightball hemorrhages , and he seize badly , let out a scream of agony , and then another , tear at he iv . the police detective rush the room , reacting with horror to the gore that be Andrew 's father . they barely have time to scream out when Andrew snap he cuff free of the bed , and let out a enormous concussive blast , blow apart everything in the room include the camera . smash CUT to : from casey' camera . int . casey' house - live room all of casey 's family be present , along with lot of little kid . everyone 's gather around casey 's little brother , who 's be present with a birthday cake . Matt look happy . everyone - appy birthday to you ! everyone let 's out a cheer , include casey , but then she notice Matt abruptly duck out . she follow he to the bathroom ... CUT . ... where he 's hold he nose , which be bleed badly . casey Matt - matt do you hear that , how can you not hear that ? 79 . in the background , we can hear the house phone ring . then cell phone . casey Matt , what hap - matt the sing , how can you not hear that !? something 's wrong , okay , something 's wrong with Andrew , or - casey Matt , please , okay , you be scare I , be you okay - matt no , something 's wrong , something 's wrong . Matt push past she , run upstairs . casey start to follow , but then stop , lowering the camera . casey' mom ( o.s. ) casey , you have to come in here . casey Mom , Matt be - casey' mom come in here right now . come in here right now . CUT . casey 's filming the big screen tv , which be show the news . reporter - go to have a feed live on the scene in the second , we apologize for the delay but as of right now every news helicopter in the great multnomah County be head to Portland - again , right now we have very little information , but the word be that the bombing start just over nine minute ago , and have not subside yet , with - okay , here 's the feed from NBC chopper 5 . we get a helicopter view from over downtown Portland , everything seem okay , and then something streak by , crash headlong into the side of a building . 80 . the impact be like a wreck ball , office furniture blow out into the air along with glass , steel and concrete , wham . field reporter ( o.s. ) wait , that be - that be not a bomb - I repeat , not bombing , it 's something else - the camera turn as Matt rush down the stair , now in he winter parka , he nose plugge with kleenex . we hear another of that jarring , shatter impact , and the camera go back to the tv , revealing the big made in oregon sign in Old town toppling down into the street . matt ( o.s. ) I need you car . casey ( o.s. ) what ? Matt , look , what 's happen , look at what 's happen - matt I see , I know , I have to go , okay - casey ( v.o. ) do not leave , do not leave I - matt give I you key . casey ( o.s. ) i- Matt - ext . casey' house - moment later casey be chase Matt across the lawn to she car , she voice fill with panic , the camera be hold offhand now , unimportant . casey ( o.s. ) please do not leave , do not go - we hear helicopter pass low overhead . matt I have to go to the city . casey ( o.s. ) no matt please , please - 81 . matt I can not fly if there be all this helicopter in the air , I just have to drive there , or , listen , I have to figure this out , Andrew 's in trouble . this be my fault . casey ( o.s. ) Andrew ? what be you talk ab - Matt get in the car and start it . casey 's break down , openly cry now . casey ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Matt please ! matt please , please don 't go , i'm afraid ! matt I 'm scare , please ! int . casey' car - moment later casey 's sit shotgun as Matt drive . his face be unreadable . they be drive on the I - 5 . more helicopter . downtown Portland be visible now , as be some fire . casey be quietly cry , the camera hold loosely in she lap . matt this be all my fault . casey no ! no it be not ! it be not you fault ! we hear and see the light of ambulance and police car as they zoom past , but casey keep the camera on Matt . casey ( cont 'd ) Matt , it 's not safe . it 's not safe . what 's go on . what 's happen . why be we do this , Matt , please . please take I home . you do not have you license , you can not drive without you license . CUT . they be get into downtown now . we can hear siren . casey be filming out the window , everything look normal , until there 's a loud crash ; then casey swishes the camera to reveal that a police car , its siren still moan , have land on top of a newstand , apparently drop from the sky . 82. casey ( cont 'd ) how - how be that possible , that 's not possible - there 's a explosion from nearby and shattered glass rain down onto the car . Matt slam on the brake , look up through the windshield , search the sky . matt where be you , man ? there 's a beat , and then a police officer abruptly appear on the passenger 's side , next to casey . police officer listen , you can not be here , I need you to turn this car around right now and - the police officer be yank upwards , disappear from sight for a moment before come crash down thirty foot away . casey scream . casey what 's ... what be ... what 's ... Matt please , please - the car suddenly rocket into the AIR , straight up , flipping end over end , past the top of the building , and then come to a stop , hang at about two hundred foot . casey 's breathe be painfully short and sharp . Matt stare out into the night sky . he flick on the brights . there 's Andrew , in he hospital gown , float a dozen foot out , he flesh char and twisted , he body clearly wrack with agonizing pain . a news helicopter circle past out of sight , and for a moment , Andrew be frame in the chopper 's spotlight . his eye flash to the car . andrew ( scream ) what be you do here !? the windshield be torn out , and second later matt be ripped out of the car as though yanked by a giant hook , take he seatbelt with he . casey no no no 83. the car go into freefall , no longer important to Andrew , plummete down , down , down . casey 's scream be barely audible over the rush of the wind as the building rush past outside , she camera freeze in place as she plummet to she death . and then suddenly , so suddenly it 's completely disorient , the side of the car burst apart and we be fly , blurred view of building , the sky , the side of some jeans ... stillness . casey 's camera be point down , show she adida ... and Matt 's high -top . matt ( o.s. ) stay here , okay ? you have to stay here . casey ( o.s. ) ( barely coherent ) you can fly ? matt ( o.s. ) stay here . I have to talk to Andrew . casey ( o.s. ) matt..what ... matt ( o.s. ) casey , I be sorry , I be so sorry . Matt 's foot suddenly go out of frame . casey ( o.s. ) Matt wait ! wait please ! matt ! note : in the follow sequence , everything be see in glimpsis and glance , never linger too long on one thing . much of what happen should be see through implication , rather than direct effect . everything happen very fast , and none of the camera can fully keep track . from several helicam . the feed be crisp and clear , but without the satellite audio , meaning no narration from the reporter . there be several chopper 's fly at different distance from the action , and we intercut as necessary . 84 . ext . downtown portland the news chopper at first show casey 's destroy car lay in the street , then pan back up to show Andrew , who 's float hunch over , vomit . Matt fly up behind he , and try to help he , but Andrew shove he away . we be too far away to hear anything that 's say . Matt try again , and Andrew yell something . Matt , clearly upset , reply . Andrew , talk fast and jerky , gesture towards he burn . Matt try to reply several time , but Andrew be not hearing it . Matt smile nervously at the destruction , and say something gently . Andrew reply , and whatever be say here , it cause a radical shift in Matt 's demeanor . he 's no longer concerned ; he seem repulse . Andrew say more , clearly scream at Matt . Matt seem to beg Andrew for something and Andrew relent . Matt continue , more forcefully , and then notice something to he right . a bus smashes he out of the AIR , swatting he like a bug into the side of a apartment complex . Andrew suddenly turn , flail a arm at we in the chopper ; a mailbox come crashing up into the camera . from michael ernesto' camera . michael ernesto be , along with several other people from he building , out on he roof . he watch in horror as the helicopter Andrew hit go out of control , fall out of frame . moment later , we hear the explosion as it crash . michael ernesto ( o.s. ) oh , oh no , that people , man , that people , oh god - ernesto' neighbor ( o.s. ) where 's the other guy ? michael ernesto ( o.s. ) he 's fuck dead man , you see - oh shit oh shit - Andrew come toppling down out of the sky like a wounded bird , crash into the roof . he vomit again , mostly bile ; everyone around he be in shock , freeze , as he scream in pain and roll over . 85 . he 's bleed badly from the nose and ear . andrew ( agonize , cry ) no one 's gonna help I ... no one 's gonna help I now ... we get some shot from other people 's camera , video phone , etc on the roof . some people scream and try to run past Andrew , and he blast they off the roof like bowl pin , which lead to more scream . Andrew stand shakily , look directly at Michael ernesto . michael ernesto ( o.s. ) please man , please , I do not know you man - andrew ( mumble ) what type of camera be that ? michael ernesto ( o.s. ) ( break down ) what ? I do not know , I do not know you man , I do not - please okay , please - Andrew start to raise a arm , when he 's suddenly naile by matt , blast by at well over eighty mile a hour . from bank security camera . the inside of the bank be quiet and peaceful , when matt and andrew come crashing through the roof . from police car dashboard cam . the police car rocket up the street , but have to screech to a halt when matt and andrew come exploding out of the front of the bank . the two of they brawl in the street for a moment ; it 's not impressive martial art , or even super power , just two guy fight for they life . Matt get the upperhand , decking Andrew and drive he to the ground , and suddenly the cop car ( we Pov ) , lift off . we go flying into matt , crash out the camera as he turn and create a telekinetic wall . 86 . from cala prenti's camera . cala , filming from she apartment window , watch in shock and horror as the police car , carry by its momentum , be send flipping into the AIR , and we glimpse it as it pass she window , light still flaring . her sister rush up , look out the window . cala ( o.s. ) sissy stay away from the window ! sissy what 's happen what 's happen - cala ( o.s. ) they be right out there fight ! they be - Andrew and Matt come blasting up through the floor in the kitchen off to the right , and then out through the ceiling . from kpr -portland's helicam . the two boy come smash up through the roof of the apartment building . Andrew fly low , and Matt give chase . Andrew turn , beginning to telekinetically lob everything at street level at Matt ; traffic light , parking meter , tree , etc ... ... but Matt 's too good a flyer . what he do not block he simply dip and weave around . Andrew , clearly still woozy , be distract and smashes into a street - light , wiping out on the asphalt . camera-man they be down . one of they just go down . Jesus christ . Matt slowly land nearby . the camera zoom in and hit they both with a spotlight , cause Matt to shield he eye and look up , scared , as Andrew struggle to stand . we get a good look at the toll this be take on he ; Matt 's face be a crimson mask of blood from he nose , eye , mouth and ear . he 's limping badly , he clothes tear , visibly cover with injury . he look like he 's be in a car wreck . camera-man ( cont 'd ) oh shit , look at he . 87 . he approach Andrew , talk again , more fervently . Andrew just shake he head , fall repeatedly as he try to stand , like a wounded dog . two cop car skid to a halt nearby , the officer unload and take cover . one of they advance on Matt and Andrew , gun raise . Matt go out in front of Andrew , protective , plead , raise he hand . the cop be clearly panicked . he fire a shot . Matt 's arm whip out , impossible fast ; he buckle and scream in pain , hold he hand , which be gush blood . Andrew blast the Matt fall , scream , and Andrew stand . officer backwards . camera-man ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! oh jesus christ ! Andrew approach Matt , scream and look absolutely terrifying . Matt turn and rocket off into the sky , Andrew follow a second later , tackle Matt out of the air . from kpr -portland's live-on-the-scene . we be at street level in downtown , people be absolutely everywhere , wander out into the street , baffle , scared and look for answer . a field reporter fix herself , prepare to speak . field reporter be we ... okay , yeah , gimme - two , one - we be live on the scene on parson boulevard just south of the center of downtown , and - there 's a rush , screeching sound from around the corner . the camera jerk , and move towards the corner , the cameraman man run to see what the sound be . field reporter ( cont 'd ) shawn , wait , you be unplugge . shawn - something around the corner explode , and Matt come fly past overhead , slightly on fire , before Andrew come lung at Matt , catch he , twist out and over the camera man , slamming he into the side of a skyscraper on the STREET . Andrew lift Matt up high into the air , scraping he against building on either side of the street , bounce like a pinball until - 88. from ABC 5's helicam . - Matt struggle , and there 's a visible ripple in the air ; a massive concussive burst , send both of they rocketing downward as though shot out of a cannon . they strike the massive bronze statue of " portlandia , " a trident wield demigoddess , in front of the Michael grave building , uproot it from its pedestal before crash to the ground . Matt 's body accordion brutally when he land , and he flop down at a break , dead angle . Andrew land nearly as badly , lay still for a moment , and then begin twitching and scream when the chopper 's spotlight hit he . from michael grave ' build exterior security camera the statue of portlandia lay awkwardly in the street . Andrew writhes . Matt be motionless , blood pool around he , he back break . from police dashboard cam , helicopter cameras , handheld from window , everything . a bunch of squad car and emergency unit converge around the front of the Michael grave building and down statue . Matt and Andrew 's body be paint by spotlight as police and news helicopter hang overhead . Police unload en-mass , gun out , immediately form a perimeter and push in . we be with they as they approach ; the mood be of barely control panic , officer shouting back and forth to each other . Andrew and Matt be polka-dotted by red-laser sight dot . Andrew suddenly stand up , and several officer fire ; the bullet spark off a invisible barrier in front of he , and he shakily raise both hand . the all of the police officer , firemen and paramedics be telekinetically lift into the air . they hang struggle for a moment , and then all of they limb go rigid . we have see this before . Andrew scream , and then ... it all happen in under two second : 89 . Matt swing a arm , blind fast ; the triton wield arm of portlandia bend jaggedly , bring down the pitchfork hard , first through Andrew , then into the pavement . Andrew stand impale , a look of shock on he face , and then Matt flail up he hand ; the bullet lodge inside fire out , strike Andrew in the head , kill he instantly . all of the float people drop , daze . Matt collapse . after a moment , the police advance . CUT to black . from clean room cam . the clean room cam be incredibly hi-def , crisp and clear , with all manner of data and time code scrolling all over the top and bottom of the screen . Matt lay on the floor of a perfectly white room . at the far end be a blacken out two way mirror . there 's a camera on the inside of this too , and we can see resolute man in suit reflect on the inner glass , watch with unreadable expression . there be a chair and a table , but he 's clearly fall out of the chair . it 's maybe a hour after the scene in front of the Michael grave building , and he 's receive no medical attention . to this end , Matt be suffer from , among other thing , massive blood - loss , multiple break bone , dozen of gashes and cut , presume internal bleed , and a break back . he can barely move , slide around on the floor in he own blood as he die , watch by the compassionless eye of the camera . he be barely coherent , screeching in agony . matt please ... help I . help I , help I , please ... I be sorry ! I be so sorry , I try - help I , help I , I be die , I be die . star - I see star , somebody - it hurt , please . I be - the blood ... I try ... two man in contamination suit enter the room , wield some kind of radiation sensor . they go over to Matt , scan he . 90 . matt ( cont 'd ) listen , help I , help I . I be die , you have to help I , do not just let I - please i'm sorry ! I be sorry ! help I ! I - the man ignore he as Matt make some gasp sound , he eye go wide . matt ( cont 'd ) I can ... I can hear the sing . Matt entirely stop move . he lay there , not breathe , completely still . and then suddenly the two man be flung backwards , as be the table and the chair . there be a series of grotesque pop and snap sound from Matt 's body , and he jerk , and writhes , push himself up onto he hand and knee . the security cam track and zoom , and as Matt stand , we realize a startling truth : he cut be close themselves . his break bone have already mold back into place . his bruise be shrink away to nothing . the black out glass suddenly shatter , and fall out of its frame , revealing a shocked , frighten room of high rank military personnel , along with several man in civilian clothes . Matt stare at they . they stare back at he . 4 - STAR general ( terrify ) listen ... Son , you do not - I mean ... Matt raise a finger to he lip , and the general trail off . Matt smile weakly for a moment , then stop . matt would you please ... turn off the fuck camera . CUT to black . hold on black for a moment . SMALL title : ( 2 year later ) 91 . from INTERNATIONAL news broadcast . we see a variety of international reporter cover a break story , but only see little clip of each , in multiple language . behind they be various shot of a huge hydroelectric dam in South Korea . reporter - expect to burst at any moment - City official blame the malfunction on the terrorist bombing that occur at the dam 's control center last March . - botched evacuation have leave thousand of the kyo-lee Valley 's resident trap , with only one major roadway lead in or out . a roadway that have not be repair in over ten year - again , the scale here be just unprecedented . we heart be with people of kyo-lee tonight . from kim hai - sux camera . int . kim hai - sux house Kim Hai - Su , 17 , be behind the camera filming he father , 40s , as he father hurry to gather he thing into a duffle . Kim Hai - Su 's young brother , 8 , wander into the room , cry loudly , and Kim 's father scream at he to put down the camera . CUT . they're in the car , drive fast through town . all around we can see people panic , and we see two car collide on the road up ahead . CUT . they pull up onto a on-ramp , and be immediately trap into gridlock , dead - end traffic . Kim Hai - Su 's father begin shriek , and bang on the dashboard , which triggers he young brother cry again . Kim shout to calm down . CUT . Kim be climb out of the car ; people all around be get out of they car , hopelessly trap . someone scream , and Kim turn to reveal a enormous dam several mile away . 92 . rubble be fall off the side of a gigantic crack , which split further . Kim yell in fear . the crack widen , a enormous tidal gush of water burst through , gush down the side of the hill into the valley . Kim 's father embrace he , and they have a brief exchange , when suddenly there 's the sound of a sonic boom overhead . all around they people explode into cheer . it 's not fear , but rather a kind of frantic ovation . the camera sweep up , pan the empty blue sky excitedly , finally come to rest on Matt garrety . look fuck great as he float above the freeway . he pantomime " yeah , bring it on , cheer louder ! " this get the intend response , and he pump a fist shouting " fuck yeah korea ! " he turn , pretend to notice the oncoming flood for the first time , mouth " oh shit ! " point at the flood casually as it close in : " I should deal with this . " another huge ovation , and Matt smile widely nod he head " yeahhhhhh ! " and turn . there 's a sonic boom as he go from zero to mach 4 in less than a second , rattling the car on the freeway , disappear into the distance over the flood . after a moment , the impossibly huge onrush of water seem to stop , slow and freezing in place , and then ... slowly begins to rewind toward the dam . the camera jerk around wildly as the crowd go insane , embrace , kissing , scream , jump on they car . Kim 's father have collapse into tear of joy next to the car , and Kim himself be hoot and holler from the bottom of he lung . the camera come up to show he little brother , who be go positively ape-shit on the hood of they car , jump up and down , scream , smile ... a unearthly , angelic , vibrate chorus of voice start to rise , rise , sing and we - slam to title on black : chronicle .