cinema paradiso script by giuseppe tornatore cinema paradiso by giuseppe tornatore for educational purpose only shoot script 1 giancaldo . salvatore's mother' house . ext / int . day the October sun slashes through the gray cloud , cut across the shadow towards the sea , along the coast where the new suburb of the city of giancaldo have be build up . Bright light stream through the window , glance off the white wall in a almost blind reflection . maria , a woman a little over sixty , be try to find somebody on the phone . maria ... salvatore , that 's right , salvatore . Di vita salvatore ... but , miss , what do you mean you do not know he ?!... i... yes ... ( she give a nervous sigh . she have dial she way through endless number but still have not manage to speak to Mr. Di vita . she finally heave a sigh of relief . ) ... that 's right , good for you ! oh !...yes ... and I be he mother . I be call from Sicily . be try all day ... ah , he 's not there ... but would you be so kind as to give I ...?... yes ... ( she nod at another woman around forty sit nearby : it be lia , she daughter , who jot down the number she mother dictate : ) ... six , five , six , two , two , oh , six ... thanks ever so much ... Goodbye . Goodbye . she hang up , take the number lia have jotted down , determine to have still another try . lia speak to she as if she be a baby , to be more convincing . lia look , ma ... it 's useless call he . he will be terribly busy , God know where he be . besides he might not even remember . do as I say , forget it ... he have not be here for thirty year . you know how he be . maria pause to think it over . the decision she have to make be important . then , stubbornly . maria he will remember ! he will remember ! ( she put on she glass and start dial the number . ) ... I be positive . I know he better than you do . if he be to find out we have not tell he , he would be angry . I know . ( she take off she glass . ) ... hello ? good morning . could I please speak to Mr. salvatore Di vita . I be he mother ... 2 rome . street . ext / int . night it 's late , but there be still traffic on the street head downtown . Inside a high - power car , a man around fifty be drive . it be salvatore dl vita . elegant , just grow gray , a handsome face crease by deep wrinkle . his weary expression hide the determine , sell - assure manner of the successful self - make man . he must be a heavy smoker judge by the way he draw the last puff on he cigarette . he stop at a red light . he stub out the cigarette and roll down the window , as a little fiat Uno pull up alongside . a rock tune play full blast on the radio . salvatore turn instinctively to have a look at the man at the wheel a boy with a brush cut stand straight in the latest fashion . he study the Boy 's expression with almost exaggerated attention , but devoid of curiosity , coldly . the girl sit beside he , lot of curly hair , overripe red lip , return salvatore '5 look , provocatively . the boy notice , turn to salvatore in a surly voice : boy hey ! what the fuck you look at !? Green light . the fiat Uno shoot off , leave a trail of music in its wake . 3 rome . salvatore S apartment . int . night the apartment be luxurious , tastefully furnish . there be no one wait for salvatore . through the picture window on the terrace , the city can be see slumbering in the night . salvatore get undress on he way to the bedroom . he move quietly , as if to make no noise . he do not even turn on the light , finish get undress in the pale blue glow come from the picture window . a rustling sound , a movement on the bed , the voice of a woman waking up . clara salvatore ... but what time be it ? she turn on the bedside light . it be clara , a young woman around thirty . salvatore climb in beside she under the cover , kiss she sweetly , then in a whisper . salvatore it 's late , Clara . sorry , but I be not able to let you know I would not be corn ... ( he fondle she , but he be tired , feel like sleep . ) go to sleep now . sleep . he turn over on the other side . clara shut she eye , be about to drop off , but whisper . clara you mother phone . she take I for somebody else ... salvatore ( surprise ) and what would you tell she ? clara I play dumb , so as not to disappoint she . we have a nice little talk . she say you never go see she , and when she want to see you she have to come to Rome ... be it true ? salvatore do not answer . God only know how often he 's hear that question before . salvatore she phone just to say that ? she reach out to switch of the light , bury she head into the pillow . clara she say a certain alfredo have die . and the funeral 's take place tomorrow afternoon ... ( a strange look suddenly come into salvatore be eye . the idea of go to sleep have clearly leave he . it 's a piece of news he do not expect . that 's take he off-guard . clara would like to carry on the conversation , but sleepiness make it almost impossible . a she can manage be one last question in a faint little voice : ) who be it ? a relative of yours ? salvatore no. sleep . go to sleep . she fall asleep in the dead silence of the night . salvatore be seize by a sort of chill a deep , troubled feel . he gaze through the window al the city , with its shimmer light still move in the darkness , suddenly shroud in a heavy curtain of rain . but he gaze off , beyond the row of house , beyond the dark sky ; the shadow of a wind chime play across he face summoning up endless memory , draw forth from the infinite depth of oblivion a past that he think have vanish , be wipe out , and instead now re-emerges , come back to life , take on light , superimposing itself on the mellow middle - age feature of he face , in the shadow of the city shake by the storm , until another image be form , a ancient , remote image ... 4 giancaldo . church and sacristy . int . morning a image from over forty year before . in the baroque church of giancaldo . salvatore be nine year old . dress as a altar boy , he be kneel by the altar with a little silver bell in he hand . the congregation be also kneel . the priest be consecrate the host . Little salvatore have just get out of bed , be still half - asleep , yawn and do not notice that the priest be stand there with the host in the air glaring at he , as if try to tell he something . priest pss ! pssst ! salvatore finish yawn and open he eye meet the wither look of the priest . he get the message at once and ring the bell . now the priest can carry on , lift the chalice and the bell be hear again . cut to : the service be over . the priest be in the sacristy remove he vestment . and salvatore be also there , remove he altar-boy tunic . priest but how can I make you understand ? without the bell I just can not go on ! always half asleep , you be ! what do you do at night anyway ? eat instead of sleep ? salvatore Father , at my house we do not even eat at noon . that 's why I be always sleepy . that 's what the vet say . the priest have finish disrob . he take the bell salvatore be hold during the service and turn to leave . priest all right , toto , get move , I have get thing to do . say hello to you mother . salvatore can I ... priest ( interrupt he ) and do not ask if you can come ... because you can not !! shoo , shoo , off with you !! salvatore give a shrug and leave . the priest go down a corridor , open a door , another corridor , and finally a door lead to a outside courtyard . he cut across it and disappear into another door . 5 cinema paradiso and projection booth . int . morning the priest enter a movie house . not very big 200 seat on the main floor and another seventy in the balcony . along the wall , poster of film to be show be stick up between the light fixture . in one corner , a statue of the virgin Mary with flower . the cleaning lady have finish work and be leave . up in the balcony , over the last row of seat , be the hole of the projection booth . the middle hole be camouflage by the huge head of a roaring lion , all in plaster , and the lens of the projector can be glimpse between its sharp tooth . there be two smaller hole , through which the figure of a man can be make out , appear and disappear ... it be alfredo , the projectionist . he be around forty , skinny and bony with a tough peasant face . he have finish load the projector and be check the carbon in the arc lamp . then he remove the glass from one of the hole and look down into the theatre , at the priest who wave he hand . priest ok , alfredo , you can start !! he sit down a by himself in the middle of the empty theatre . up in the booth , alfredo light the arc lamp and set the projector go . down in the theatre , the light go off and out of the lion 's mouth stream the glow ray aim al the screen . string music , sweet and ominous , spread through the theatre . on the screen appear the credit title of a american film of the 1940s . the priest screw up he face and hold the bell in he right hand rest on the arm of he seat . at the back of the theatre , behind the last row , a curtain move , open a crack and salvatore be gaunt little face appear . he have manage to sneak in somehow and stand there without a word , spellbound , watch the ' movie ' on the glow screen . the credit title have long come and go . the story be at a turn - point . up above , in the hole of the booth next to the lion , alfredo watch the film , but he eye keep look down at the priest , who be now drum the bell with he finger . on the screen , the male and female lead , two Hollywood star , be in close - up ; the dialogue be passionate , romantic . salvatore , carry away by that face , by the way they talk , by the beauty of the woman , slowly slip down the length of the curtain until he be sit on the floor , he eye glue to the screen . the love scene reach a climax , the music crescendos , and the love-struck couple finally fall into each other 's arm and kiss . instinctively , the priest raise the bell into the air , as in some age - old ceremony , and give it a loud ring ... up in the booth alfredo hear the bell ; it 's the signal he 's be wait for . he take a slip of paper from a pad prepare for that purpose and stick it into the loop of the film contain that specific scene as it wind on to the reel . the projection continue ... ... and also the kiss of the two actor . the priest be nervous look linger on that black - and - white lip meeting and now pull apart for one last declaration of love before separate . salvatore be wide - eye , he 's probably never see a man and woman kiss before , it 's a vision that for he have all the attraction of forbidden fruit , the horror of sin . the screen be now fill with the figure of a woman get undress , show for one instant the white , voluptuous flesh of she broad , naked shoulder . salvatore stare in open- mouth wonder . the priest , in a fury , grab the bell and shake it for all he be worth . from the sound of the bell to another sound ... 6 giancaldo . MAIN square . ext . day the toll of the bell - tower ring out over the square . it be noon . the vast square , pale and dusty , be alive with people . a noisy line of man , woman and cow wait in front of the fountain to get water . peddler hawk they ware in mournful cry . people come and go in front of the town hall . the work men' club be desert . the entrance of the cinema paradiso be shut . hanging outside be the poster of the film that have just be see on screen . up above , the window of the projection booth be open . the hum of the projector can be hear and the loud , lofty music typical of ' the end ' . then dead silence . the show be over . 7 . cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . day despite the speed , numerous white streak spin around on the reel , create by the slip of paper alfredo have insert into the loop . he be rewind the film by hand on the film -winder . when he 's not talk , alfredo usually sing to himself . salvatore stand beside he , take in everything he do with that quick , thieve eye of he alfredo ( harshly , shouting ) you must not come here ! how many time do I have to tell you ? ( and he slow down the reel with he hand . the slip of paper be about to arrive . here 's the first . ) if the film catch fire , runt that you be , you would go up in a burst of flame ... whoosh ! and turn into a piece of ... salvatore ( overlap he ) ... and turn into a piece of charcoal !! he 's use to he terrorism , pay no more attention . not even he grim look scare he . anyway , alfredo catch the joke , start to give he a slap , but instead reach over and pick up a pair of scissors . alfredo ( angrily ) Christ , that 's a sassy little tongue you have get ! watch out , or someday I will snip it off . and he snip a piece of film , pastes the end together and go on turn the handle . salvatore pick up the strip of film and give it a closer look . he see a series of frame all alike with a man kissing a woman . salvatore can I have it ? alfredo snatch it out of he hand , furiously , at the end of he string . he shout . alfredo no !!! be you deaf or something ? I have get to put this back in when we wind up the film again ! you be a real pain in the neck ! salvatore reach into a basket full of strip of film . he take out a handful : all kiss that have be cut . salvatore then why do not you put this back when you wound up the film again ? alfredo be catch out . he stop the film where another slip of paper be stick in and cut the scene : alfredo ' Cause sometimes you can not find the right place any more and so ... well , actually ... they stay here . ( find a excuse ) besides , there be more kiss than you can count . salvatore ( excite ) so I can have this ? ( alfredo explode , fly off the handle . he grab salvatore by the shoulder and shake he . ) alfredo look , toto ! before I kick you ass all the way to China and back , let 's make a deal . this strip here be yours , I give they to you . however ! one you be not to stick you nose in here any more . two I will keep they for you , because you can not take they home for God forbid and save we soul , if they catch fire , all hell will break loose ! ok ? oh !!! and now scram ! he take he and turn he towards the stair . for he the matter be close . he return to the film -winder . salvatore sneak back and while alfredo 's attention be elsewhere , snatch up a handful of movie frame scattered on the counter , stuff they into he pocket and ... salvatore what sort of deal be this ? the strip be mine ! so why can not I come see they ? and he stare at alfredo with a sly , saucy look . alfredo clutches he hand , dart forth like a arrow and be about to give he a kick in the ass . he shriek : alfredo get out !! and do not show you face here again ! and before the kick reach its destination , salvatore have already dash off down the spiral staircase . 8 giancaldo . salvatore's house . int . evening that be not the first theft of film strip . salvatore 's hand reach into a flowery metal box jamme full of piece of film . he take out a few frame and hold they up against the kerosene lamp . gaze at the figure that remind he of the film see at cinema paradiso , and in a whisper mangle fragment of dialogue , the shoot of gun , the musical climax ... salvatore bang ! bang ! bang ! shoot first , think later ! this be no job for weakling ! treacherous dog ! the house have no light , be gloomy and cold . salvatore 's mother , maria , be lean on the table in front of he . she be young , around thirty , and she pretty face be haggard , marre by all the sacrifice . she be sewing some clothes , be a seamstress . lia , he four- year - old sister , be sleep on a cot in one corner . the kerosene lamp project the tremble shadow of the film strip on the wall , figure of prairy , gunslinger , thug . salvatore 's voice change , turn even tougher . salvatore hey there , you lousy bastard , take you hand off that gold , you black - heart pig , stay away from I , or I will smash you face in ! ' ntantatah !!!... ( in the heap of movie frame there be also several photograph . salvatore pick they up . family keepsake . a man in a army uniform . then the same man with a girl beside he whose smile face can be recognize as maria . salvatore take a closer look at the man' face , then whisper to he mother : ) ma , if the war 's over , how come daddy 's never come back ? maria look up at he with a sweet smile . maria he will be back , he will be back ... you will see . one of this day ... but there be not much conviction write on she face . she look back down at she sewing . salvatore go on look at the photo . salvatore I do not remember he any more '' ma , where 's Russia ? maria it take year to get there . and year to come back ... now go to bed , toto , it 's late . salvatore put the photo back into the box and tuck the box under lia 's cot near the charcoal burner . 9 grade school . courtyard . ext . day a noisy crowd of little child in black smock , white collar and blue bow move about the large courtyard where there be two tall palm tree . the boy head for one door , the girl towards the opposite one . the janitor line they up two by two , ready to enter . here and there , parent and relative accompany the young one . beneath one of the palm , salvatore pull off the altar- boy tunic , stuff it into the khaki-colored cardboard schoolbag , take out the smock and put it on , as one of he schoolmate pass by . it be masino , and he 's cry desperately because he do not want to go to school . his father drag he along , yell : masino' father you can fool you mother but not I ! get yourself a damn diploma and become a policeman . you good - for - nothing ! masino I do not want to go to school ' ( the sound of the bell . the black line move up the step towards the school . ) 1o FOURTH grade . int . day salvatore be sit at the front - row desk next to peppino , a little freckle - face boy . his attention , like that of the whole class , be concentrate on what be take place at the blackboard . the teacher be stand there , watch a plump little boy , shy and not quite all there , do a two - figure multiplication it be nicola scorsone , know as ' cola ' . he be red in the face , have one purple ear and one white one . he stare in terror at that ' 255 x 15 ' write on the blackboard . the teacher yell , wave a birch rod in she hand . teacher well then ?! five time five equal ...? cola stop to think a moment , then ... cola thirty ! the teacher grab he by the purple ear and bashes he head against the number on the blackboard . a large thud echoe through the room , follow by a roar of laughter . the teacher slam she rod on the desk . teacher silence !! ( then to cola ) the five time table . dunce ! one time five , five !! ( the class repeat with the teacher , in a sing - song chorus : ) teacher and CLASS two time five , ten ! Three time five , fifteen ! four time five , twenty ! ( with a wave of the rod , the teacher silence the class , and finish the sing - song with the fateful question . ) teacher five time five ? cola ( timidly ) forty ...? another blow of the head on the blackboard . hubbub . slap of the rod on the desk . salvatore secretly show cola the picture of a Christmas tree on one page of the book , and mouth the word ' twenty - five ' . cola smile , he have finally catch on . teacher I be ask you for the last time , blockhead ! five time five equal ...? ( cola turn to she with smile eye and answer blissfully : ) cola Christmas !! salvatore clutches he head in anger , watch the teacher flog cola on the back with the rod . cola scream at every blow , and at every blow the laughter in the class grow louder . salvatore stare at the rod move up and down rhythmically . but he be not think of the pain he schoolmate be feel , but be draw , rather , by that strange regular beat , find it similar to another regular beat , that of ... 11 cinema paradiso . balcony and MAIN floor . int . day ... the roll pin alfredo use to flatten out a reel of film that have just be unload . salvatore carefully watch alfredo 5 every move . he be not in the projection booth , but up in the balcony , stand on top of the last row of seat . he peer through the hole next to the lion 's head . his bright little eye fix in he mind the thing alfredo do , as he load the film into the projector , shut the fireproof housing , turn on the amplifier , check the carbon in the arc lamp , then lower he head to have a look into the theatre and find himself face to face with salvatore . alfredo ( sternly ) what be you do here ? salvatore I buy a ticket . I have come to see the film . ( meanwhile the usher come up behind he and grab he by the collar , and he almost jump out of he skin . alfredo laugh . ) usher ( yelling ) go sit downstairs ! you good - for - nothing sponger ! ! ( to the audience ) worse than rabbit they be ! salvatore have run downstairs . the main floor be more crowded than the balcony , like every Sunday , and there be a greatdin . the boy sell ice-cream , soda pop and candy shout and run around like a chicken with its head off . now the light dim , the hubbub die down and the performance start . before the film there be a preview for stagecoach . the screen fill with image of John Wayne , the pursuit of the stagecoach by hostile Indians etc ... salvatore be sit in the front row , right under the screen , next to boccia , cola , masino , peppino and other kide , all with they nose in the air . boccia , the biggest show off of the group , be smoking a cigarette . a old man appear through the entrance curtain , take a couple of step and shout : ) first old man hello , everybody ! audience ( at once ) ssssssh !!! ssssssh ! silence ! first old man can not I say hello ? usher it 's a double - feature today . first old man I could not care less . I come here to sleep . all at once , a chorus of shout and whistle fill the theatre . up on the screen , a globe of the world appear , spin among the star , the logo announce the newsreel . audience ( hoot and whistling ) for Christ 's sake ! cut it , alfredoooo ! the child in the front row also yell , but salvatore go on be alert . he turn and look up at the hole of the projection booth , as if it be a impregnable fortress . he watch the crazy dance of light in the glow stream that open towards he in a cone . and besides , that lion 's head , mysterious , almost gruesome , emphasize the enigmatic secret of the movie . in he dreamy eye , that lifeless lion seem to wake up with a ferocious roar . salvatore have a frighten look ... another lion roaring . but up on the screen . the mgm lion . the throng of child imitate the famous growl all together , shaking they head in unison . child grrrr ! grrrrr ! the film start : it be visconti 's La terra trema . salvatore be in bliss . his wide eye look up at the magic square of light . the title music . another old man enter at the back of the theatre , but before sit down , say hello in a loud voice . second old man greeting to one and all ! audience sssssh ' Drop dead ! silence ! hey , kid , we be here to see the film ! now there be a important sequence . the audience be silent . concentrate on the screen . boccia pass the light cigarette to salvatore . he take a puff and hand it on to the other without ever take he eye off the screen . the beautiful star of the film appear on screen . a different kind of attention take hold of the excited audience . salvatore and the other stare at she with open mouth ... she lean towards the lead man , a languid expression , they profile touch . but all at once , just at the best part , there be a sudden jolt . the kiss be not see . audience ( disappointed ) ahhh ! what a shame ! I have be go to the movie for twenty year and I never see a kiss ! salvatore be the only one to laugh to himself . he know what have happen . audience and when will we see one ? up in the balcony , the audience be more sedate . the ticket cost more and the people be richer , more refine . among they , a man with a moustache , the look of a public notary , be sit right in front of the railing . seriously , without bat a eye , he spit down below with contempt . right on the dot , a voice be hear , follow by a chorus of protest . voice and audience bugger !!! ssssh !!! silence !! 12 square and entrance of cinema paradiso . ext . night the bell - tower ring midnight . the square be nearly desert . except for a landowner near the refreshment stand , with a moustache and a hat , don vincenzo by name , who be pick out from a group of labourer the man he will be need in the country at dawn . he choose , point he finger , call ... people come out of the movie house after the last show . the usher lock the front door as alfredo climb down from the projection booth . among the crowd there be only one kid , salvatore . tire , half -asleep . he 's see all the showing . he start to walk away when he catch sight of he mother stand on the opposite corner , wrap in a old coat . she 's wait for he , in a temper . salvatore drop he eye to the ground , mortify . he know what 's come . he go over to she timidly , uncertain , give she a question look . maria I have be look for you all day . do you buy the milk ? salvatore no ... maria then where 's the money ? salvatore somebody steal it . maria give he a slap . salvatore hold back the sob , but he eye brim with tear . alfredo and the usher be nearby , have hear everything . maria what would you do with the money ? go to the movie ? salvatore nod he head and the sob increase . maria , in despair , fly off the handle , slap he again , but look as if she do not really want to , as if deep down she forgive she son 's escapade . alfredo catch on , speak up on behalf of salvatore . alfredo signora Maria , do not do that . he 's just a kid . ( to salvatore ) and why be you tell fib ? ( to maria ) we let he in free . he must have lose the money inside the movie theatre ... ( salvatore stare at he in amazement , go on listen to he . ) how much do you have ? salvatore fifty lire ... ( maria wipe away he tear . ) alfredo ( to the usher ) what you find tonight on the floor between the seat ? ( the usher reach into - he pocket , pull out some odd and end . ) usher a comb , two heel - saver , a box of tobacco ... ( alfredo very skillfully reach out with fifty lire he have take from he pocket . and like a magician he draw the money out of the usher be hand . ) alfredo ... and fifty lire ! ( to maria ) see ? ( he hand over the money under the usher be astonished eye . ) maria thanks , uncle alfredo . thanks . good - night . she walk away , drag salvatore by the hand . alfredo give he a wink . salvatore smile and wink back , but he 's not very good at it ; he can not manage to shut only one eye . everybody leave and the square empty , as the village idiot come up to the group of labourer , beside don vincenzo , motion they all to get move . idiot it 's midnight . I have get to shut down the square ! go away . the square 's mine ! the square 's mine !! 13 cemetery road and village road . ext . day salvatore , dress as a altar boy , walk alongside the priest who be wear the ceremonial vestment . they be tired , have walk a long way . behind they a donkey pull a wagon contain a little white coffin and a bunch of flower . behind that a little procession the parent and relative of the dead child . the road be very wide , cover with white earth . the spring sun be dazzle . the funeral procession kick up a cloud of dust that make everything blurred and hazy , like a dream , rimmed around the horizon by the blue line of the sea . the procession now turn into the large gate of the cemetery . alfredo , work in the field , take he hat off and watch the coffin as it pass by . cut to : the funeral be over . the priest and salvatore be walk back to the village . alfredo appear out of the countryside on e bicycle with a hoe and other farm tool in the basket . he come pedale up beside they . alfredo good morning , father . it 's hard on the foot , huh ? priest ( breathless ) yeah !... get there 's downhill and all the saint help you . but come back ! the saint stand there watch you , that 's all ! God 's will be do . salvatore be about to open he mouth , want to say something to alfredo , but he do not have time . alfredo pedal harder and ride off . salvatore be crestfallen . he look et the priest , then at the bicycle riding away . his eye light up a idea ! he suddenly yell : salvatore ouch ! ouch ! my foot ! I can not walk ! he limp . throw himself to the ground as if a snake have bitten he . the priest lean over in alarm . up ahead in the distance , alfredo turn around to look . cut to : there be a smile on salvatore be face . he be riding on the crossbar of alfredo 's bicycle . on they way back lo the village . salvatore alfredo , do you know my father ? alfredo of course I know you father . he be tall , thin , pleasant , and have a moustache like mine . always smile . he look like Clark gable . there 's something salvatore want to talk about , but he do not know how to start . he have a try with a innocent stratagem . salvatore alfredo , now that I be older , I be not say I can start come to the projection booth , to the movie house ... but ... maybe , why do not we become friend ? alfredo know exactly what the little rascal be up to , and answer in a strange , theatrical tone , as if he be repeat something he know by heart , a remark take from some old film . alfredo ' I choose my friend for they look , and my enemy for they brain ... ' ( laugh ) you be too smart to be my friend . besides , as I always tell my kid , be careful to pick the right friend ! salvatore ( surprise ) but you do not have any kid !!! alfredo ( splutter ) all right , all right ! when I have get kid that 's what I be tell they ! ( the outly house of giancaldo finally heave into sight . ) 14 salvatore S house . ext . day lia , salvatore be kid sister , be cry outside the front door , terror stricken . her face be smear with smoke and she little dress half scorched and soaking wet . maria be distraught , damp with sweat , and try to console she , hugging she in she arm . maria stop cry ... the fire be out ... I be here ... that will do , that will do ... ( alfredo and salvatore come up behind they . salvatore have barely leapt off the bicycle when he mother sail into he like a fury , shriek : ) miserable boy ! you be the ruin of I ! you sister would have be burnt alive if I have not be there ! and all you fault ! salvatore dart off , chase by he mother , swift as a deer . alfredo do not understand what have happen , lean over lia , who go on bawling she eye out , and see on the ground , in the middle of the water , a flowery box all char and still smoking , and all around scrap of film reduce to ash and several singe photograph , the photo of salvatore 's father . alfredo get the message now , look up at maria , who have catch salvatore and be drag he home , hit and slapping he all the way . salvatore cover he head with he hand to stave off the blow . maria turn to alfredo , in a stern , indignant voice . maria but be not you ashamed of yourself , uncle alfredo , play with a little boy at you age ?! alfredo ( cowed ) but ... what 's it get to do with I ?... maria and who give he all that film ? promise you will not give he any more of this trash ! do not let he set foot any more in the movie house . the boy 's crazy ! crazy ! all he talk about be movie and alfredo ' alfredo and movie !! alfredo be crestfallen , do not think that salvatore be craziness , he morbid passion for movie , could go this far . alfredo I give you my word , donna Maria . ( maria now turn one last time to she son . ) maria God 's get to grant I one wish ! send you father back home ! and he will see you get what 's come to you ! ( salvatore lower he hand , look at she and with the dreadful sincerity of child : ) salvatore daddy 's not come back ... he 's dead . ( a icy flash run through maria be eye . ) maria it 's not true ! no ! it 's not true !!! I will show you he 's come back ! and she beat he desperately , as if to enforce she stubborn hope , slap after slap . this time alfredo do not step in , let maria give vent to she rage and fury , but salvatore be cry make he feel guilty . 15 : square and projection booth . ext / int . day another Sunday . a crowd of man have gather in the square around the café where there be a loudspeaker . they be listen to the run commentary of the soccer game . they check they sisal pool coupon . nicolo carosio' voice ... we be at the seventh minute of the second half . turin be lead one to zero . the goal be score by ... ( the scene be see from above , by alfredo who peer out of the window of the projection booth . carosio be voice drown out the soundtrack of the film be show . alfredo be bored . he go over to the projector , look through the hole ... it 's the last sequence of the film . the music swell to a climax as ' the end ' appear on the screen . Swift as ever , alfredo turn on the light in the theatre ' stop the projector . look back through the hole , to see ... ) 16 : cinema paradiso . int / ext . day ... the house pack to the rafter . voice and laughter of the child . smoke , ice -cream , soft drink . the usher have open the emergency exit to let in air . he fight off the gate- crasher who be try to get in free . the sound of the sport commentary fill the theatre . the village blacksmith be sleep in he seat , he head throw back and he mouth wide open . the kide blow up the empty ice - cream sack and pop they next to he ear . bang ! the blacksmith wake up with a start , in a sea of laughter . he yell : blacksmith ah ! I will wring all you neck !! or my good name mean nothing ! !! lousy brat ! salvatore do not laugh . he be sad . he turn and look up at the projection booth . he see alfredo through the lion 's mouth . alfredo also catch sight of he . salvatore give he a timid wave of the hand , as if ask if he can come up a moment . the look on alfredo be face be unmistakable , irrevocable : n0 ! salvatore be not surprised ; after what happen it will not be easy to win he over . yet there must be some way . but what be it ? as usual , salvatore be smart as the devil when he 's out to get something . through the emergency exit he see a woman pass by with a packet in she hand . it be alfredo 's wife , and the packet be he supper . salvatore leap to he foot and run out to she . salvatore signora Anna ! 17 cinema paradiso . projection room and square . int / ext . day alfredo start up the projector . it 's time for the documentary and cartoon . salvatore peer in from the top of the stair . he 's scared of alfredo be reaction , but prick up he courage and show he the packet . alfredo see he , be about to pounce on he ... salvatore ( on the defensive ) you wife tell I to bring you this . his expression betray the ' put on ' . alfredo sigh , realize it 's another one of he little game . alfredo ( sternly ) give it to I !... he take the packet , unwrap it and lift the lid , shut it again and put the container inside the lamp of the projector to keep it warm . salvatore have not miss a single gesture , but speak with he eye to the poor . salvatore I tell my mother you be not the one who give I the film . that it be not you fault . but I think you say the film could catch fire just to scare I . now that I know , I will not steal any more from you . that 's all I want to say . I be go . ( he turn to leave but alfredo take he by the shoulder and stop he . ) alfredo toto , come here . all thing consider , there be something in that little boy , maybe he feverish passion , that strike he . he will talk to he seriously , without resorting to terrorism , try to convince he . he lower the volume of the monitor , sit down on the stool . salvatore raise he eye from the floor and look at he at last ... alfredo now listen to what I have get to say . I take up this profession when I be ten year old . in that day there be not this modern machine . the film be silent . the projector be run by hand , like this , with a crank . and you wound the crank all day long . it be really rough go ! if you get tired and slowed dow n ' boom ! everything would go up in flame ! salvatore then why do not you want to teach it to I too ? now that there 's no more cranking , and it 's easier ? alfredo ( firmly ) because I do not want to , toto ! this be not a job for you . it 's like be a slave . you be always alone . you see the same film over and over again , because you have nothing else to do . and you start talk to greta garbo and tyrone power like a nut ! you work on holiday , on Christmas , on Easter . only on good Friday be you free . but if they have not put Jesus Christ on a cross ... you would work good Fridays too ! salvatore then why do not you change job ? ( alfredo sigh , irritate . he reach out to turn the knob of the carbon rod . he gaze at salvatore as if he be a grow - up , somebody who 's make thing hard for he . ) alfredo because I be a idiot . how many other guy in town know how to be a projectionist ? none ! only a jerk like I could do it . besides I be not lucky . when I be a kid there be the war ! when I grow up , another war ! now it 's all different . Times have change . and you want to be a dope like I ? huh ? answer I ! salvatore no ... alfredo good for you , toto . good for you ... I be only say this for you own good ... ( he get up and , speak all the while , go into a closet with a bucket in it , the toilet of the booth . he turn he back and pee . ) cooped up in here you die of heat in the summer and of cold in the winter . you breathe in smoke , gas fume , and earn practically nothing . ( salvatore listen to he , but take advantage of the fact he can not be see , he turn the knob of the carbon rod , just as he have see do a moment before ... ) salvatore ( in a loud voice ) but do not you like anything about what you do ? ( salvatore gaze at the photo on the wall : keaton , garbo , snow White . alfredo smile to himself . sure , there 's something about that damn job he like : ) alfredo with time ... you get use to it . besides , when you hear from up here that there 's a full house and that people be laugh , have fun ... then you be happy too . ( alfredo be lose in think , do not notice that the documentary and cartoon have finish . the screen be blank . and down in the theatre laughter be not hear but a uproar of whistling and swear . salvatore be eye sparkle , he seize the opportunity . he turn on the light and stop the projector , just as alfredo would have do . at which alfredo button up he pants in a hurry and rush over alarmed , but see that everything be in order . salvatore look at he all smile , as if he expect a medal for civil bravery . instead , alfredo react like a wild animal . ) so I have be waste my breath ? you pretend to agree with I , but as soon as my back be turn , you do what you want ! ( he give salvatore a kick in the ass , shriek : ) get out of here ! I do not want to lay eye on you again ! this be the last straw ! you mother 's right , you be crazy !! ( he push he towards the stair . salvatore suddenly vanish , scared out of he wit . alfredo talk to himself , in a fury : ) but how would he do it ? the little bastard ! by watch , he 's learn ! it 's incredible ! ( he peer out of the window , yell , as he see salvatore run through the square . ) I be let the box office know you be not to set foot even into the theatre ! there be no more ticket for you ! and I be also talk to Father adelfio ! you will not be a altar boy any more either !!! you little runt ! ( salvatore look at he . hate he . yell something offensive : ) salvatore alfredo , go fuck yourself !!! ( but he word be drown out by the sudden shouting of the people outside the café . ) crowd goal !! Holy mother of God !!! ( a man in the crowd crumple to the ground . the other swarm around he , alarmed . they hold up he head . his face be pale . they check the coupon he be clutching in he hand . a voice rise like a siren from the crowd . ) man ciccio spaccafico 's win the sisal !!!!! ( the yell can be hear ... ) i8 cinema paradiso . int . day ... inside the movie house . the audience murmur . somebody open a emergency exit ... spectator' voice the neapolitan 's win the lottery !!! let 's go see , kid !!! northerner be always lucky ! ( the whole audience leap up and head for the exit . push . shout . laugh and joke . ) 19 square and village . ext . morning summer have come . the village have a different look . the peddler sing they monotonous refrain in the village street . in one street , woman be busy can tomato . in one corner of the square , the shearer have finish clipping the donkey and be now shave the hair of a row of bare - chest urchins with nothing on but they underwear . then another man disinfect they by spraying they with the hand pump use to spray tree in the country . the urchins laugh . the bill - poster be hang up the poster of a new film , ' today at cinema paradiso . 20 grade school dine hall . int . morning the fifth -grade exam . in the vast dining hall all the child be seat , one for each desk , under the watchful eye of the teacher . salvatore , boccia , peppino , masino and cola have take place here and there , as nervous as everybody else . the examining board member be dictating the text of the arithmetic problem . examining board member a merchant own two store . in the first he sell fruit and vegetable . in the second he sell nail and cement ... ( the principal come in , interrupt the dictation . ) principal Excuse I , professor . here be the man take the exam for the elementary school certificate . ( turn to the door ) come in , please ... ( all the child turn to look . a man around thirty enter , ill at ease . the child recognize he and laugh mischievously . the second be the blacksmith , the one who fall asleep at the movie . the third be a twenty - year- old - boy , angelo . the fourth be alfredo , embarrassed and red in the face . salvatore be speechless . give a slightly ironic laugh . there be a look of revenge in he shrewd little eye . ) cut to : the assignment be now be carry out . there be dead silence in the hall . teachers and the principal moue about , check to be sure there be no note be hand around or other form of ' collaboration ' . the four outsider be have a hard time . it can be see on they face . alfredo be also in trouble , do not know how to solve the problem , the calculation be too diff cult . he look at the desk next to he , where salvatore be sit . salvatore be about to look up at he , but alfredo immediately look away , too proud to let himself be see . the exchange of glance continue , grotesque , almost comical . salvatore meanwhile write down number and operation quite quickly . alfredo can not stand it any longer , be nervous , bead with sweat . he 's sorry he ever show up . salvatore laugh up he sleeve , now he have the upper hand . alfredo try sneaking a look at he exercise book in order to copy something . but salvatore turn he back , hide it from sight . alfredo try sneaking a look at somebody else 's exercise book , but the damn kid also cover it . it look like a conspiracy against he . alfredo have no way out . he have to accept the idea of eat humble pie . he look at salvatore , motion he with he eye in a conversation of glance . he ask for help , but salvatore stand firm , implacable . alfredo try to put it into word in a low voice . alfredo you jerk . tell I how to solve this fuck problem ! teacher ssssh ! silence back there !! alfredo insist with he eye . salvatore make he understand with gesture that he could help he maybe , but ... on one condition . he imitate the gesture of wind the crank of the projector . alfredo get the message . it 's pure blackmail . he rub he hand over he sweat face , raise he eye to the ceiling as if he be swear . then he surrender , accept the condition . salvatore be serious , do not flaunt he victory , but you can tell he be happy . he take out a sheet of paper he have already prepare , with the solution to the problem , roll it up into a tiny ball and as soon as the teacher pass by , take aim and flick it to he . alfredo be hand catch the precious and dearly buy message in mid-air . they quarrel be over . 2i various setting . int . day / evening a bright , lilt tune mark the rhythm of the quick , blurred image , as in a dance , the image of alfredo teach salvatore all the secret of the projectionist trade . alfredo slip the reel on to the projector , unroll the trailer and hand it to salvatore . salvatore mount the film on the sprocket . now salvatore set the projector into motion , open the shutter and stand on tip - toe to see the screen from the hole ... a shot from in nome della legge . the main - floor audience applaud a line speak by massimo gironi . and from the balcony , the same little man with the face of a public notary spit below . MAIN floor voice bastard !! pencil-pusher !! alfredo show salvatore the run of the film . he point to a place on the projector . alfredo pay attention . this be where it can easily catch fire . if it happen , the first thing you have get to do be break it off , here and here , so the whole reel do not go up in fame . on the screen , a shot from riso amaro . a kiss . unrelent , the priest ring he bell . salvatore lick the film on one side , then on the other . he laugh . alfredo you understand which side the gelatin' on ? salvatore it taste wonderful ! a shot of amedeo nazzari in La figlia del capitano . a jump , a out -of-rack frame . the audience whistle . audience fraaaame !! wake up , alfredo ! ( salvatore try to do a hand -bind . alfredo wind the film , hang a slip on a nail in the wall . ) alfredo this be the shipping invoice for the film . they be always to be keep . you see ? salvatore ok , alfredo . down on the main floor , a scene from Dr jekyll and Mr hyde . everyone scream and hide they face when hyde look at the camera . audience Holy mother ! what a face ! so ugly ! one young man , angelo , do not hide he face . he look up at a young woman , rosa , in the balcony , who turn and smile at he . alfredo give salvatore a wooden stool . he 's have it make especially for he , so he can be high enough to reach the reel of the projector and the arc lamp . salvatore climb up on it . he laugh , all excited . alfredo now you can run it by yourself . salvatore give another smile . he be pose in a photographer 's studio . he be all dress up for first communion , hold a white lily . the flash go off like lightning during a storm . now salvatore be pose next to he mother and little sister . they smile without hugging . another flash of light . click ! 22 fifth grade . int . day another click . the transparency of rita hayworth in she black gown from gilda . masino be pasting it inside a minute pair of plastic field glass . other pupil crowd around he in excitement . masino ( in a whisper ) Christ , what a piece of ass !!! but there be not a cheerful atmosphere in the class - on the contrary , a strange silence . the pupil be all stand around the teacher 's desk , have receive they end - of- the-year report card . peppino , who share salvatore 's desk , be say goodbye to he schoolmate . boccia , cola , the other . they have serious , sad expression . he and salvatore kiss like grown-ups . the teacher be stand among they . one of the schoolmate do not respond lo peppino 's goodbye gesture . he take a few step back , serious , scared , he eye lower . teacher Di francesco , be not you say goodbye to you schoolmate ? ( DI francesco give he head a little shake . the teacher lean over to he . ) but why ? ( DI francesco whisper , almost into she ear . ) DI francesco my father say he 's a Communist ... 23 square and projection booth , cinema paradiso . ext / int . day another farewell scene in the square . peppino to he grandparent . his father and mother be also there , say goodbye to the old folk . there be tear . the cardboard suitcase tie with string be load on to the luggage rack of the black car . the scene be watch by salvatore and alfredo , up in the window of the projection booth . they look like old friend . on the sound monitor , the strain of some american musical comedy tune . salvatore will they really find work in Germany ? alfredo who know ?... it 's like a adventure . ( in a theatrical voice ) hope spring eternal ... ( peppino from the distance give one last wave at the window of the projection booth . salvatore wave back . ) salvatore peppinoooo ! come back sooon !! ( the black car drive off , leave a cloud of dust that envelop the suppress sob of the grandparent stand there wave handkerchief . salvatore watch the car drive off . he mumble : ) good thing Germany 's closer than Russia . alfredo rub he hand through he hair . 24 cinema paradiso . balcony and booth . int . evening the lion 's head with the beam of light , see from the balcony . salvatore be face appear in the hole beside it , as he peer down at the image of the settimana incom newsreel . the audience be distract . the snore of a man sleep can be hear . a pair of urchin pick up a cockroach with they hand , tip - toe down the aisle . the sleep man be the same old blacksmith , with he head throw back . a little hand drop the cockroach into the gape mouth . the urchins take to they heel . the blacksmith squirm , wake up with a start . spit , while everybody laugh . the newsreel be now about miss soldier in Russia . commentator the Defense Minister have announce a new listof name of italian soldier , so far consider miss and now confirm as dead . families concerned will be notify directly by military authority . salvatore pay careful attention , see the black - and - white shot of the last war . the Russian campaign . the troops in the snow . now in detail a heap of personal object find on the corpse . document , clothing , glass , photograph . one quick detail catch salvatore 's eye among that photograph , for one instant he see one he think he recognize . he quickly stick a slip of paper into the take - up reel , as when mark the kiss to be cut . 25 prefecture . CITY . int . day the hand of a official tear off several form and give they to maria who be sit in front of the desk . she be dress in black . salvatore stand beside she , hold she hand . they have black band on they arm . a empty stare in they eye . maria be pale , a cold look in she sink eye . her heart be burst in she breast . and a lump in she throat prevent she from speak . she look at she husband 's belonging , identify they a gold chain , a id card and the photograph , the one salvatore see in the newsreel . maria stroke it with she finger . salvatore come up and look , as the official conclude : official ... unfortunately we do not know what war cemetery he 's bury in ... this be the form for the pension . if you would like to sign it ... 26 prefecture and CITY STREET . ext . day maria walk through the city . she hold salvatore by the hand . salvatore look up , try to catch she eye . he see she cry , in silence . the heartbroken tear of someone who have lose the one last hope , but hold back , so as not to be see by the child . salvatore press close and put he arm around she waist . they turn the corner , and walk off in the noisy city , disfigure by the ruin of war . a poster for go with the wind catch salvatore 's eye . he smile . 27 cinema paradiso . BOX office . projection booth . square . int / ext . evening Winter have return . on the screen , a sequence from I pompieri di viggiu . the theatre be jam full . the sea of head sway and shake at the irresistible joke of toto . some people have climb up on the window -sill . the aisle be cramme , a the way down to the screen , where grow - up and child sit on the floor , they nose in the air . some people munch crust of bread they have bring along from home . almost everybody be smoking . a woman laugh , hold the baby she be nursing . in one corner , at the end of one of the aisle jamme with people stand , a girl laugh , but every now and then she expression reveal a look of deep pleasure . her body move slightly . cling to she from the rear be a man bath in sweat . they be make love stand there among the crowd , which notice nothing and go on laugh . in the balcony angelo be hold hand with rosa . the curtain over the entrance be open . people be also stand there , see what they can from the distance , even a corner of the screen through the forest of head . but the line continue on outside ... all the way to the entrance of the movie house , out in the square . there be crowd of people , shiver from the cold , who protest , shove , risk provoking incident . the priest , Father adelfio , be exhaust , try to calm they down . priest do not shove ! there 's no room ! for heaven 's sake ! I can not give another show , it 's late ! voice in crowd Father adelfio , we have be here for a hour ! there be people inside who have see it twice ! ! ! move on !! ouch !! my foot !!! it have just stop raining , the bell - tower ring eleven o'clock . on the poster of the film a ' last day ' sticker . the priest , the ticket -seller , the usher and two carabiniere push the crowd back , close the front door . the protest grow louder . fist pound the door . crowd open up !!! Father adelfio !! ( the audience in the theatre hear the uproar . react : ) audience ssssh ! sssssh ! be quiet out there !! what the hell ! ( from the window of the projection booth , alfredo and salvatore look at the crowd down below , yell and complain . some of the people look up at they . ) voice in crowd alfredooo ! we want to get in !... tomorrow you be take it off ! ( alfredo spread he arm out as if to say there 's nothing he can do . ) salvatore why can not we show the same film tomorrow ? alfredo it 's get to be send to another town . and if we do not the owner of that movie house get piss off . salvatore too bad ! the crowd sway nervously . the carabiniere give order . carabiniere ( exasperate ) stop ! go home , all of you ! otherwise somebody 's go to end up in jail !' that 's enough ! alfredo ( dramatically ) ' Joe ! a mob do not think , do not know what it 's do ... ' ( salvatore give he a curious , inquisitive look . alfredo smile . ) Spencer Tracy say it in fury . ( mischievously ) what would you say if we let this poor devil see the film , toto ? ( salvatore stare at he in amazement , all excited . ) salvatore wonderful ! but how can it be do ? alfredo turn away from the window . he give a smirk , imitate the tough american movie star . alfredo you do not believe my word , but you will have to believe you own eye !... and now get you ass off that damn stool , boy ! salvatore laugh , eagerly , as if he be about to see a whole new movie . he climb off the stool . both of they move towards the projector ... 28 projection booth and square . int / ext . evening try not to put he hand in front of the lens , alfredo remove the frame with the glass that protect the projection . he wheel it around and motion salvatore to look ... on the wall behind the projector : the film picture appear gradually , reflect by the glass , move as the glass move all the way over to the window look out over the square . there it disappear . salvatore can barely believe he eye , as if it be a piece of magic . he take a quick look through the hole to see if the film be still show on the screen . it be . alfredo ( mysteriously ) go to the window , boy , and have a look ... salvatore go over to the window . look out . the reflect beam of light end up on the white row of house face the square . it 's like another screen . except the image be backwards , like when you look in a mirror . and here and there be the window of the house ... for salvatore , it 's a wonderful spectacle , like a dream , ravish . salvatore alfredo , it 's beautiful . ( a voice be hear in the crowd of people jamme around the entrance to the movie house . ) voice in crowd ( shout ) hey , look there !! the movie !! ( all heed turn to look at the house behind they . ) crowd oh , praise the Lord !! it 's true ! look ! the movie !! there 's toto !! hurry ! hurry !... thanks , alfred0000 !! and everybody run over to the other side of the square , in front of the strange new screen . alfredo and salvatore watch with glitter eye . salvatore lay he hand on the shoulder of he great pal . salvatore good for you , alfredo ! a close - up of toto project on the house , and one of the window open . a man appear , in he pajamas . dazzle by the light , he shade he eye with he hand . he see all that people look at he and laugh together . crowd shut the window !! shut the window ! go to bed !! the man be daze . do not now what 's go on . look around , and see the black - and - white figure of the film dance around he . he pop back inside , slam the window shut , almost care . voice in crowd ( to alfredo ) sound !!! sound !! alfredooooo !! alfredo what do you say , should we make they happy ? salvatore ( smiling ) sure , sure ! alfredo take the loudspeaker of the monitor , ring it over to the window , turn it around towards the square . he turn up he volume and the sound - track fill the square . a chorus of approval . crowd aaaaaaaa ! at last ! alfredo ( look at salvatore ) do you want to go down there ? ( salvatore give a content nod . ) go on . salvatore run on . alfredo look wistfully towards the huge image in the square . down in the square salvatore head for the crowd , he eye train on the house - front screen . behind he , the door of the movie house open . the priest , Father adelfio , see the film be project on the house front , the people stand or sit on the ground , laugh . his eye nearly pop out of he head . then he motion over the ticket - seller , whisper something into he ear . the ticket -seller stride over to the shiver spectator , pull the pad of ticket out of he pocket . ticket-seller lady and gentleman ! you have to buy ticket ! reduced rate ! a irresistible chorus of bronx cheer wash over he . salvatore look around , highly amused . crowd fuck off !! the square belong to everybody ! ( the village idiot peer out of the crowd , all work up . ) village idiot no !!! the square 's mine !!! come on , kid , no joke around here !!! otherwise ... the crowd roar with laughter . salvatore laugh too , as if carry away by it all . and over the general merriment loom the shadow of alfredo , stand in the window of the projection booth . all at once , on the house - front screen , the image of toto slow down for a instant , a white blister appear and spread until it fill the whole screen . the crowd give a start of bewilderment and fear . salvatore jerk he head around to look at the booth . 29 projection booth . int . day the film burst violently into flame among the gear and sprocket of the projector . alfredo be take off-guard . he break the film run into the take - up reel , but be unable to do it for the delivery reel . he grab the film which be catch fire and pull it out quickly , try to stop the flame from reach the reel in the for reproof housing . a desperate race against the speed of the fire . the flame on the floor burn he leg . alfredo give a jump , slow down the movement of he hand for a instant and inevitably the flame run ahead , reach the upper housing . it 's like a explosion . the flame leap out , strike he full in the face . alfredo do not have time to scream , struggle desperately and fall to the floor . meanwhile the flame envelop everything . 30 square.ext.evening the flash of the flame flare up in the window of the projection booth . salvatore be appal , elbow he way through the move crowd . Inside the movie house the murmure of the audience can be hear , grow louder and louder . a scream ... 3I : cinema paradiso . int . evening a violent spurt of flame leap out of the mouth of the plaster lion 's head , into the darkness break by the scream of people rush for the exit . 32 square and cinema paradiso entrance . ext . evening the crowd streak out of the movie house , envelop in a cloud of black smoke . crowd heeeelp ! run for you life !!! in the general panic , salvatore try in vain to get inside , elbow he way towards the street with the stair lead to the projection booth . the audience clash against he , knock he to the ground , almost trample he underfoot . he be suddenly seize by a superhuman force ; get up , claw he way desperately ahead , with people fall on top of he and to the floor . he finally succeed , start up the stair ... 33 cinema paradiso . stair and projection booth . int . evening the place be fill with smoke . the air be suffocating . salvatore streak up the stair , gasp for breath . the projection booth be envelop inflame . alfredo 's body on the floor , burn . salvatore move quickly , throw a blanket over he shoulder , drag he by the foot over to the stair , as box and other object fall on he . use the same blanket , he stamp out the flame that have sear alfredo be clothes . with the force of desperation , he drag he further down the stair which have be reach by the smoke but not by the flame . alfredo do not move , he face be burnt . salvatore look at he and only now be panic-stricken , let out a terrify shriek , like a wounded colt . salvatore alfredo ! heeeelp ! help !!! 34 cinema paradiso . int . evening the plaster lion look like a dragon spitting fire and smoke . the statue of the virgin Mary be also in flame . and the movie screen . 35 square and cinema paradiso . ext . evening the fire have be put out . nothing remain of the movie house but the skeleton . everything have go up in smoke . people stand around , dismay . they gather around the priest , who be at once grieve and shocked , to express they solidarity and comfort . voice what a pity ! poor alfredo ! what a terrible thing !! cheer up , Father , be there something we can do ?' village idiot ( laugh ) burnt up ... burnt up . priest what will we do now ! the town will have to get along without movie ! who 's get the money to rebuild it ? ciccio spaccafico , the man who win the sisal pool , come up , dress in style . he look up at the char cinema . it look like a battlefield after a enemy attack . from the smoke and ash to ... 36 cinema paradiso . ext . evening ... the great light sign of the cinema paradiso . the movie house have be rebuilt . New facade . New billboard . there be people move about the entrance . it be the evening of the inauguration ... 37 cinema paradiso . int . evening the lobby be crowded with people , authority , special guest . there be the mayor , father adelfio and the new owner , ciccio spaccafico , dress to the tooth . the mayor cut the ribbon . flashbulb pop . clap . guest cheer ' congratulation , Don ciccio ! the procession advance towards the stair lead into the theatre . father adelfio , with a nostalgic sigh , bless the lobby , then the corridor . lastly , the new auditorium , which resound with toast and cheer . audience to the cinema paradiso ! the priest sprinkle the new seat , the wall , the screen with holy water ... 38 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . evening now father adelfio be bless the brand - new projection booth . he also bless the new projectionist : salvatore . he be very nervous , but serious , self - possess . his worried - look mother be also there for the occasion . the priest turn to spaccafico . priest how would you solve he be under age ? spaccafico I take out a license as projectionist , thanks to friend down at the guild office . but I do not know a thing about it . officially , I do the job ... ( smiling at salvatore ) ... but toto earn the money . priest Fine . ( to salvatore ) always be careful , my boy . do not ever go to sleep . be sure another accident do not happen . do everything poor alfredo teach you . and may God bless you . salvatore nod he head seriously , assume a responsible expression . his mother kiss the priest 's hand . maria thanks , Father . thanks . spaccafico and now enough of this gloomy atmosphere . life go on ! I want to see you happy and smile ! 39 cinema paradiso . int . evening laughter . the laughter of the large audience at the first show of the inauguration film . among the spectator , salvatore be mother , maria , and he kid sister , El a . up on the screen , a man and a woman kiss . the first time a kiss have be see at the cinema paradiso . the audience murmur , surprised and excited . audience ooooooh ! they be kissing !! look at that !! Christ , that 's news !! a old lady sit next to the mayor , cross herself , flabbergasted . ciccio spaccafico chuckle . rub he hand : this be go to be golden time for he . father adelfio get up and stalk out of the theatre , indignant ; he will never set foot in the place again . the love theme get louder and louder ... 40 projection booth . int . evening the same music spread through the booth from the monitor . salvatore be by himself . he be watch the film through the hole but strangely enough , the story do not absorb he . alfredo be absence make he nervous , he gaze at the stool he use to sit on . Il have be repaint . a voice from the rear of the cabin : anna's voice toto ?... salvatore turn and at the top of the stair see signora anna and behind she , alfredo , she husband . he be wear a pair of dark glass and walk with the kelp of a cane . he have lose he sight , but not he spirit . he smile : alfredo any room for I in this cinema paradiso ? ( salvatore run over and embrace he . ) salvatore come in , alfredo . anna ( to salvatore ) toto , will you bring he home when you close down ? salvatore yes. signora Anna . ( to alfredo ) I be glad you come . cut to : alfredo be now sit there immobile . he listen to the soundtrack of the film . salvatore study the way he stare into empty space , and the idea of darkness frighten he . there be something new in alfredo be manner , as if have graze death and the loss of he sight have endow he with a deeper knowledge of man and life . alfredo how 's school ? salvatore ok . ok . but now that I have get a job , I '11 probably stop go ... alfredo do not do that ... sooner or later you will be leave empty-hand . salvatore why ? what do you mean ? alfredo toto , this be not for you . for the moment , the cinema paradiso need you , and you need the cinema paradiso . but it will not last ... some day you will have other thing to do , more important thing ... ( he reach out and touch salvatore be face to ' feel ' he expression . ) that 's right , more important . I know it . now that I have lose my sight I see more . I see everything I do not see before ... ( as alfredo move he hand from salvatore 's face , we see that he be now a young man , and that alfredo be older , grayer . ) and it 's all thanks to you , who save my life . and I will never forget it ... ( salvatore do not understand he strange word . alfredo can ' feel ' he be troubled . ) and do not put on that look . I have not go off my head yet . you want proof ? and he give a joke smile . salvatore be curious , expect one of he fiendish trick . salvatore ( smiling ) yes . I want proof . alfredo for example , at this moment the film 's out of focus . go see . salvatore stand up in disbelief . he look through the hole , and indeed the film be out of focus . he put it back into focus , flabbergasted . alfredo ( smiling ) it 's hard to explain , toto ... 41 cafe in the square . int / ext . morning as the bill - poster attaches to the café door a poster of catene - the come attraction at the cinema paradiso - ciccio spaccafico be speak on the phone in the phone booth . he be clearly peeve . spaccafico only two day ? be you joke ?!... what do I care if all the copy be reserve ?... catene for only two day in a place like this ! why , people will eat I alive !... ( stand beside he listen be salvatore . he be carry school book under he ann . in the café , several curious onlooker laugh as through the café window they watch some unemployed peasant men dance together at the club . spaccafico listen nervously , then shriek as if he be about to eat the phone . ) ... I know , I know . but even if I start show at eight in the morning it would not be enough ! this be a big town now and you people at the titanus know it perfectly well ! I be you sole agent and if I get piss off I will write straight to lombardo , in Rome !! I will give you guy a good run-around !! if I get my dander up , I can let fly , if my name 's spaccafico !! cut to : spaccafico and salvatore be now outside the café , head towards the square . in front of the movie house , the charwoman be at work . spaccafico be so nervous he light two cigarettes without notice it . salvatore be turn something over in he mind . salvatore Don ciccio , I have get a idea ... you remember that old abandon movie house where they be suppose to build that low - rent house ? spaccafico so what 's that get to do with it ? salvatore the projector 's all rusty , but I could fix it in two or three day . give the place a good clean , put in some seat and bring in a projectionist and we will show catene in two house . spaccafico ( shriek ) what the fuck you talk about ? you get into the act too , toto ? titanus have trouble give I even one copy and I have to say thanks ! if I ask for two , the least they will do be cut off my head and play ball with it ! a shrewd look glitter in salvatore 's eye . he smile . salvatore who say we need two copy ? 42 cinema paradiso . int . day the house be jamme with people . almost burst at the seam . the last scene of catene move across the screen . tear stream down the face of the man and woman . the child be unusually silent . even the blacksmith be awake , indeed whisper ahead of time all the line of nazzari and yvonne sanson , know they by heart . among the crowd in the balcony there be alfredo and he wife , the mayor , don vincenzo the landowner , the schoolteacher . now the music be loud , heart - rending . ' the end ' appear on screen . the light go on . and there be a great din and uproar as one audience leave and another arrive . the race for empty seat . quarrel . the carabiniere help the usher maintain order and persuade the people who want to see the film again to get up and leave . usher ( exasperate ] ) that 's enough now ! you have see it ten time ! I need the seat ! I wish you would all get the gallop run ! carabiniere easy ! easy ! through the emergency exit , quick ! stop the jabber !! 43 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . the end of the film slip through the sprocket . salvatore switch off the motor . he be particularly fast in take the reel out of the housing . and even faster in drop it into the sack boccia be hold open for he . salvatore now get run and bring I the first reel . meanwhile I will start show the news ! boccia ok , toto ! 44 village street and countryside . ext . day boccia speed like a arrow on he bicycle through the village street . tied to the parcel-rack be the sack contain the second part of catene . he now turn off the main street and take a short - cut down a country road . he pedal as fast as he can . until he disappear into the distance , beyond the tree . 45 entrance old abandoned movie house . ext . day boccia finally reach the old movie house , which have be more or less spruce up . here too people be line up in front of the poster of catene . ciccio spaccafico be wait impatiently on a outside staircase . he too be hold a sack , contain the first part of the film . the bicycle pull up in front of he . the sack be exchange . spaccafico Quick ! give it to I ! here 's the first part . get move ! boccia head back to the cinema paradiso , to take the first part to salvatore . spaccafico dash up the stair , and hand the sack to a man stand in the door , through which the bare projection booth can be see , and the projector which salvatore have put back into work order . spaccafico yell in excitement . spaccafico here you be ! Quick , quick !! people be wait ! 46 old abandoned movie house . int . day in fact , inside the old freezing cold movie house , the audience be grumble . everyone be wrap in overcoat and woollen scarve and be sit on chair they have bring from home and wooden bench . the hum of the projector be hear at last . the light go down . the grumble subside . the word ' part two ' appear on screen and then the image of the film . 47 various country road and village street . ext . day / sundown meanwhile boccia pedal he way swiftly through the countryside on he way to the cinema paradiso ... fade . now boccia be on he way back to the old movie house . to carry out another exchange of sack contain the reel of film . fade . another race back to cinema paradiso . boccia start look tired , he breath be short . and daylight start fade into the colour of sundown . fade . the last fade light of sundown .- boccia be pedall once more back to the old movie house . with the same sack tie to the parcel-rack . he be exhaust . on he last leg . he slow down , then stop . 48 cinema paradiso . int . evening the light be still on . in the thick blanket of smoke , the crowd stir nervously . shout . whistle . audience hey , when 's it start !! we have get ploughing to do in the morning !! toto , get a move on !! heeey !! 49 projection booth . int / ext . evening in the booth , the projector be turn off . salvatore look nervously out of the window ... at the square . but not a sign of boccia . a carabiniere peer in through one of the hole . carabiniere what be we go to do , toto ? the whole place here be up in arm . they have be wait more than a half hour . salvatore what can I do ? 50 old abandoned movie house . int . evening here too the audience be up in arm . they be wait for part two tostart . ciccio spaccafico tear he hair with rage . spaccafico where 's the fuck bastard get to ? spectator let 's get one thing straight , Don ciccio ! I be wait ten minute more , and if you have not start ... you be give I my money back !! audience ( in chorus ) well say ! well say ! we want we money back !! spaccafico easy ! easy ! what about my show you the first part again ? huh ? people shout , whistle , give bronx cheer . audience no ! first part , my foot ! we want to see how the story end !! down in the front row , pasquale , the man who sell black market cigarettes , stand up . pasquale I have see the whole work ! you want I to tell you how it end ? a shoe come fly at he . audience nooo ! no ! shut up , you jerk !! 5I village street and country road . ext . evening salvatore have get himself a bicycle and be go off to look for boccia . he pedal fast , turn into the country short cut . look around not a sign of boccia . by now it be dark . he see a man in the window of a farmhouse , call out to he . salvatore boccia ! boccia ! salvatore ride on . now he 's in the open country . all of a sudden he seem to hear something . he stop . prick up he ear . it 's a sort of moan - he can not figure out if it 's a animal or a man . he turn on the flashlight he have bring along . take a closer look around . catch sight of a bicycle wheel on the ground behind a bush . that 's where the moan be come from ! he creep over in alarm . next to the bicycle he now catch sight of the sack with the film . and the moan get louder . salvatore ( alarm ) boccia , what 's wrong ? ( he run over to help he friend . behind the bush he discover boccia humped up between the leg of teresa , a prostitute . he move with all the fury of he young year . salvatore have never see people make love before and be speechless . ) damn you , what be you do ? boccia ( shout ) oh , Christ , it 's so good !!! ( and he go on ramming it home . ) teresa hey , cut it out ! go away . shoo ! with a confuse look on he face , salvatore pick up the sack and walk away , look over he shoulder at the couple who go on toss around more and more frantically . boccia let out a shriek of pleasure that ring through the countryside , as salvatore pedal off like a madman and disappear into the tree . 52 cinema paradiso . int . day / evening Music and the naked body of brigitte bardot . a row of youngster on the main floor stare at the naked actress , all excited . a regular rhythmic tremor run through they , half -hidden by the back of the seat . a scene from a horror film . the frighten face of the audience . off in one corner , the door of the man 's toilet open and a man with a content look come out , follow by teresa , who motion another one to come in . in the projection booth , salvatore be eat the meal he mother have bring he . a gangster film . the tense face of the audience . a gun battle . round of machine - gunfire in the night . the shot echo through the theatre . a little boy clap he hand over he ear . alternate with the machine - gunfire on screen , a real pistol shoot the back of one of the spectator , the landowner don vincenzo , who slump down in he seat without anybody notice ... the shoot continue up on screen ... salvatore be hand hold a light match under a piece of film , before the horrify eye of spaccafico and the usher , and the puzzle expression of alfredo . salvatore what would I tell you ? it do not catch fire ! alfredo progress ! it always arrive too late ! a scene from Seven bride for Seven Brothers . the only empty seat in the theatre be the one where don vincenzo be kill . a flower have be tie to it with string . all the other seat be take . fade to : rosa and angelo be sit next to each other . they be watch a different film . but she have a baby in she arm they have get marry , have set up a family . in the balcony , the man with the face of a public notary spit down below with a content look . but this time the main floor take its revenge and a blob of shit hit he square in the face . 53 cinema paradiso . int . morning in the morning the theatre be empty . all the door be shut . Light filter in through the open window up above , illuminate the poster of come attraction and the yellowish screen . off-screen , a woman 's voice and a boy 's voice be hear . teresa's voice ( off-screen ) come on ... that 's right ... relax ... ( laugh ) ... do not be scared ... salvatore's voice ( off-screen ) be it true that if I bleed I have get to squeeze lemon juice on it ? teresa's voice ( off-screen ) ( a loud laugh ) lemon juice ?... that 's a new one for you ! who tell you this crap ... take it easy ... that 's right ... you see , it 's not painful , be it ? slow pan along the wall of the theatre , the empty aisle , discover salvatore on the floor between the seat with teresa , the prostitute who have already be see . salvatore be make love for the first time in he life . he be awkward and clumsy . there be a uncertain look in he eye , he livid face be drip with sweat . teresa ... there you be ! that 's right , that 's right ! keep go ... ( salvatore be quick , have learn the lesson . teresa goad he on . ) ah !!! there , now you be a real man ! a man ! ? a real calf ! ( salvatore 's panting slacken into a deep sigh of pleasure . ) 54 various setting . int / ext . day the blade of a knife , clutch in a harden hand . a blow . a cry of pain . a calf fall like a dead weight to the ground ... salvatore photograph the animal in the throes of death with he 8 mm movie camera . as well as the face of the men who now bleed and skin it quickly . in the vast slaughter - house , the voice of the man and animal mingle together . salvatore be eye be quick to catch the most unexpected expression of ordinary people . his movie camera be always ready , like a hunter 's rifle . now he be shoot ... a meeting in the square : the passionate reaction of the peasant listen to a speaker who flail he arm around . at school : the old schoolmistress sit at she desk , sink in God know what dream , she eye stare off into empty space , as a tear run down she pale , unhappy face , and the unknow student carry out they assignment . at the railroad station : the nervous excitement of the people wait on the platform . salvatore pan he camera on to two men fight . but a arrive train come in between . salvatore follow the train , pan along the car . the train stop . - a door open and the passenger climb out . several trader , a carabintere , a group of commute student , the ticket - collector , a distinguished look couple and lastly , a girl who stop in the middle of the viewfinder . salvatore be immediately attract by she face . he go on shoot without leave it a moment . he follow she through the lens . she be very beautiful , must be around sixteen , a simple , sweet face , blue eye . she be certainly the daughter of the distinguished look couple who get off just before she do . the little family move off down the platform . salvatore follow the girl 's movement , as if hypnotize . now she pass by he , turn towards he for one moment , as if try to figure out where he be aim that funny - look gadget . salvatore smile at she , entrance . 55 high school . courtyard . entrance . ext . morning the janitor be ringing the bell . in the courtyard , on the other side of the gate , the student prepare to enter . salvatore be with a group of schoolmate , include boccia . and they all stare , wide - eye , at the girl from the station . she have she book under she arm and be walk by herself . salvatore you know that one there ? boccia she 's new . not bad though . Nice - look . ( salvatore have the look of somebody seek for a idea , some way of pick up a conversation with she . ) second student her father 's the new bank director . load , luxury and easy live ! first student people who jerk off with a shirt so they will not get they hand dirty . ( laugh . ) all at once , boccia and salvatore notice that the girl drop she lunch without notice as she be about to enter the school . they fly off , swift as arrow . it 's a chance not to be miss . boccia be the quick , be already in the lead . salvatore give a angry gesture . a flash come into he eye , the same flash he have as a little boy when he find the right way to hit home . he pick up he step , trip boccia and bring he to the ground . he pounce on he and let go with he fist . he start run again . pick the bundle off the ground . catch up with the girl from the station , nervous and inexperienced , but polite . salvatore look , you drop this . and he hand she she lunch with a smile . she recognize he . elena oh , thanks . I have not notice ... she take the bundle as salvatore touch she hand delicately . salvatore my name 's salvatore ... and yours ? elena ( smiling ) Elena . my name 's Elena . salvatore be very flustered . he feel as if all he blood be throbbing in he head . he try to say something else , but the word catch in he throat . salvatore I ...i ... the other time at the station . boccia suddenly grab he by the collar and yank he away . elena be frighten , put she hand over she eye so as not to see . 56 : cinema paradiso . projection booth.int . afternoon salvatore have a black eye , swollen shut . he be set up a little 8 mm projector on a stool . alfredo be sit in one corner . he have come to keep he company . he listen to the sound - track of the movie be show . alfredo chaplin 's modern Times ! right , toto ? salvatore that 's right , modern Times . alfredo I have show it so many time I know it by heart . the first time I show it , in 1940 , be the Sunday my first wife die . they keep it hide from I all day so they would not have to close down the movie house . I only find out that night , after the last show . that be thing you never forget ... ( change he tone . ) so , toto , how be this home movie go ? ( salvatore have switch on the little projector and a square of light appear on the wall beside alfredo , with the scene shot in town . ) salvatore yes . ( the shot of the slaughter - house have appear . ) alfredo ( whisper ) what be it , what be it ? what 's the picture ? salvatore it 's people in the slaughter - house kill a calf . there 's blood all over the floor , like a lake . and through this lake another calf pass by on its way to die . alfredo be concentrate , as if salvatore's description transmit the real image to he , the colour , the form . the railway station have appear on the wall , and the sequence of elena . salvatore do not move , do not say a word , as he gaze at that blue eye look into the camera . alfredo sense something funny in the boy 's s11ence . alfredo now what can you see ? salvatore nothing , there 's nothing . it 's all out of focus . alfredo ( smiling ) be there a woman ?... tell I the truth ... ( salvatore be shame , uncertain , do not know whet to say . a tender look filter through alfredo 's dark glass . he have obviously catch on and whisper : ) there be a woman . salvatore be force to admit it , with a sigh . salvatore yes , it 's a girl I see at the station . alfredo what 's she like ? what 's she like ?... and as other shot of elena appear on the screen , salvatore describe she . as only somebody in love could . salvatore she 's nice . my age ... slender , with long hair , brunette . she have big blue eye , a simple expression and a little beauty mark on she lip , but really tiny . you can only see it close -up . and when she smile ... she make you feel ... he stop . only now do he realize that he have let himself be carry away by passion , by the desire to talk about she . alfredo smile , spellbound ... alfredo eh! Love ... what a mystery ! ( salvatore turn off the projector and heave a deep sigh , almost of liberation . alfredo be sympathy do he a lot of good . it 's nice to be understand . he move over closer to he . alfredo run he hand through he hair , whisper : ) I understand you , toto ... the one with blue eye be the most beautiful . whatever you do , you can not make friend with they . ( salvatore be comfort by the way he talk . he do not think it be possible to put into word the thing he have feel since meeting elena . he nod he head . alfredo sigh . ) eh , there 's nothing to be do about it ! the heavier a man be , the deeper he footprint . and if he 's in love , he suffer , because he know he 's up a one - way street . because love be a meaningless thing when a man get it into he head to do what he want ... ( salvatore be touch by he sensitivity , by he intense , passionate , sweet way of speak . ) salvatore what you say be wonderful ! but sad ... alfredo ( smiling ) they be not my word . John Wayne say it in shepherd of the Hills . salvatore suddenly change expression , as if discover he be be make fun of . salvatore stink two-timer !! ( and they burst out laugh . ) 57 : cinemaparadisoandvariousstreets.ext.day a grey , windy day . it be open - time and the shutter of the movie house be be roll up . salvatore be about to enter through the small door of the spiral staircase , when in the distance he catch sight of ... elena crossing a street with she book under she arm . she be alone . salvatore do not stop to think twice , dash off , run through street full of dust , another square , turn the corner , but have lose sight of she . he look around in all direction there she be ! he start run again . and finally catch up with she , all out of breath , practically speechless with emotion . salvatore hi , Elena ! elena hi . why be you run ? salvatore no particular reason ... ( he be entrance by she eye . he want to tell she all sort of thing , say all the word he have memorize a thousand time . but now he can not get they out . his knee tremble . he do he best to overcome he confusion , but all that come out be :) Nice day , huh ? ( a gust of wind envelop they in a cloud of dust and a clap of thunder rend the air . elena laugh , amused by the blunder . ) elena yes , nice day . ( salvatore laugh too . he gaze at she long hair toss by the wind . she turn to leave . ) ... I have get to go now . bye-bye . salvatore bye-bye , Elena . ( elena walk away . and salvatore also turn to leave . only now be he seize by disappointment , regret at not have make the best of the opportunity . he talk to himself . ) ... what a idiot ! what a idiot ! ' Nice day ' ! Christ !! 58 : salvatore's bedroom.int.day salvatore project image of elena on he wall . he lie across he bed gaze at she image . salvatore you probably do not believe I , but I be go to become the lead man in you life . sure , I do not look like marlon brando , but look at I , really look at I . be I really so ugly ? so should I try once more ? maybe it will succeed . what do you say ? elena seem to be say , yes . as salvatore kiss elena , she image disappear . he be leave with he face against the wall in the white light from the projector . 59 : phoneb00 th and elena' house.int.day salvatore be in a phone booth . the telephone will certainly help he feel less nervous . salvatore hello , can I speak to Elena , please ? womans voice yes . ( salvatore recognize elena 's voice , change he tone , turn sweeter , more personal . ) salvatore be that you , Elena ? woman' voice yes ... salvatore oh , I be sorry , I do not recognize you voice . this be salvatore , remember ? woman'svoice yes ... salvatore finally speak , say everything all in one breath , without stop , without hesitate , in order to leave no room for shyness . salvatore listen , I know that every time we see each other I make a fool of myself , but I be not like that , I swear . it 's just that when I see you , I feel shy , the right word do not come to I , I do not have the courage to say that all I do be think about you ... ( he have finally get it out . he 's drip with sweat , but happy at have succeed . he continue . ) that 's right , Elena , you be the last thing I think of when I go to sleep and the first when I wake up in the morning . and at night I always dream of you . I know , it 's not good on the phone . but please , do not get I wrong . because I love you very much ... woman'svoice ( interrupt he ) if you do not stop phone she , I be call the police ! salvatore ( stun ) but excuse I , who 's speak ? at elena be house , a woman who be visibly in a state be speak on the phone . elena' mother I be Elena 's mother , you filthy pig ! salvatore feel like drop through the floor , try to get a word in to explain , to apologize , but the flood of insult overwhelm he . salvatore I be sorry , signora , maybe there 's a misunderstanding ... i... woman' voice and do not call my daughter any more . never ! salvatore have no choice but to hang up , disappointed , defeat . he 's so mad he start slapping himself . 60 : alfredo' house.ext . afternoon good Friday . alfredo come out of he house , lean on salvatore 's shoulder . they go off down the street , towards the church . salvatore have finish recount he misadventure . alfredo I tell you , the blue -ey one be the most difficult . salvatore but why ? there must be some way to make she understand ! alfredo do not think about it , toto . do not even try . with feeling , there 's nothing to understand . salvatore give a angry gesture . this time alfredo be word do not quiet he frenzy , do not help he . he move away from he a few step . alfredo stand there motionless in the middle of the road . salvatore stop it ! I have have enough of you sermon ! you act as if you create the world ! ( a bicycle streak by alfredo , who give a startle jump , as if it be about to run into he . he raise he voice , panic - stricken . ) alfredo heeey ! totooooo ! do not get piss off with I now ! come here ! I do not know where the fuck I have to go . ( a man on a bicycle almost collide with alfredo . salvatore fume , go over to he listlessly . alfredo put he hand back on he shoulder and they start walk again . alfredo have calm down , but he voice be determine . ) and the next time be careful how you talk . not to take credit away from the Lord , but if I have create the world , in all modesty , certain thing would have come out better . but unfortunately such be not the case . salvatore ( laugh ) you see , it 's like I say . you always have a answer for everything . alfredo I want to make you happy , toto ! I be go to tell you a story . ( and he squeeze salvatore be shoulder . it 's the signal for take a rest . they sit in a doorway . alfredo start tell he story , and he way of speak be hypnotic , magical . with that eye lose in empty space , it 's as if he thought and he word come in from some other dimension , mysterious , hide ... ) once upon a time a king give a feast and there be all the most beautiful princess of the realm . basta , one of the guard , see the king 's daughter : she be the loveliest of all ! and he immediately fall in love with she . but what could a poor soldier do compare with a king 's daughter ?!... one day he manage to meet she and tell she he could not live without she . the princess be so strike by the depth of he feel that she say to the soldier ' if you will wait a hundred day and a hundred night beneath my balcony , then in the end I will be yours . ' Christ , the soldier run off there and wait ! one day , two day , ten , twenty ... every night she look out of she window , but he never budge . come rain , wind , snow , never budge ! the bird shat on he and the bee eat he alive ! after ninety night he be gaunt and pale and tear stream from he eye but he could not hold they back . he do not even have the strength to sleep any more . the princess keep watch ... and on the ninety - ninth night , the soldier get up , pick up he chair and leave ! salvatore no ! you mean right at the end ? ( salvatore be amaze , dumbfounded ; that end have make a deep impression . they start walk again . ) alfredo that 's right , toto , right at the end ? and do not ask I what it mean . if you figure it out , let I know ... salvatore I will be damned ' 6I : church.int.evening before the high altar , the virgin Mary in tear clutches three spike inher hand . and beside she be another statue Christ descend from the cross . men and women stand in line to kiss Christ 's wound . many people be sit between the pews . salvatore help alfredo take a seat , and at that moment catch sight at the far end of elena on she way to the confessional . she kneel down on one side , just as father adelfio come out of the middle booth and go to the altar to say something to the sacristan . salvatore be eye light up . he have have a brainstorm . he lean over and whisper something into alfredo 's ear . alfredo nod he head . salvatore be so happy that he give he a pat on the cheek , like a caress . then he hurry over to the priest . say something in a low voice , gesticulates with some agitation , point to the pew where alfredo be sit . the priest try to say he can not now , but salvatore insist , and win . the priest go over to alfredo , lean over . priest what be it , alfredo ? right now , of all time ! alfredo ( in a grave voice ) Father adelfio , I have a very serious doubt that be torture my soul . and you have get to help I , because I have lose all peace of mind ... salvatore watch from a distance . he see the priest put on a alarmed expression and then sit down beside alfredo . everything 's ready . he creep over to the confessional . elena be there , kneel down wait for the priest to arrive . in a instant , without anyone notice , salvatore pop inside the confessional . he shut the little door below and draw the purple curtain . on the other side of grille , only a few inch away , that eye that keep he awake all night . elena Father , I have sin ... salvatore ( in a low voice ) we will talk about that later . elena ( surprise ) but ... who ... salvatore ( interrupt she ) sssssh , be quiet , pretend everything 's normal . I be salvatore . elena' eye pop in amazement . elena what be you do here ? meanwhile alfredo and the priest continue they unusual and animated discussion . the priest be appal , cross himself . priest but alfredo , what you be say be horrifying ! alfredo I know . but take the-miracle of the loaf and fish , for example ! I think about it a lot ... how be it possible for ... in the confessional , the whisper conversation between salvatore and elena continue . elena ( annoy ) there be a terrible rumpus at home . my mother tell my father . and how could you have mistaken my voice ?! salvatore be mortify , on tenterhook , keep a eye on alfredo and the priest through a crack in the curtain . salvatore forgive I , Elena . it be stupid of I . but I have to talk to you . she look up at he and she eye be even more beautiful in the candlelight . this time salvatore find the courage to speak to she calmly , with determination . that grille probably help he , allow he to see without be see . salvatore you be so beautiful , Elena ... that 's what I want to tell you . when I meet you , I can not put two word together because ... you give I the shiver . I do not know what you do in this situation , what you be suppose to say . it 's the first time . but I think I be in love with you . elena gaze through the grille at the two shine speck of he eye . she be bewilder by that flood of passion . at that moment , a old woman kneel down on the other side of the confessional and she face appear behind the grille . old woman Father , I have sin ... ( salvatore turn lo she , instinctively . ) salvatore I absolve you in the name of the Father , the Son and the Holy ghost . go in peace , my daughter . ( and he slam the panel shut in she face . elena be barely able to control she laughter . ) when you laugh , you be even more beautiful . she pull herself together again and put on a serious , but tender look . elena salvatore , it 's awfully sweet of you . and even though I do not know you , I like you . but ... I be not in love with you . for salvatore , it 's as if a knife have plunge straight into he heart . he sit there gaze into she eye , at the beauty mark on she lip , without move . then through the crack see alfredo and the priest converse nervously , God know what they be say . and he turn back to she . salvatore I do not care . I will wait . elena for what ? salvatore for you to fall in love with I too . listen carefully . every night , when I get off work , I will come and wait beneath you window . every night . when you change you mind , open you window . that 's all . I will understand ... he smile at she . she be upset by that exaggerated word , but also intrigue . the priest have meanwhile solve the problem that alfredo have make up as a excuse . priest ( exhausted ) you understand now ? you see it clearly ? alfredo ( hypocritically ) oh yes , father . now everything 's clear . priest and the next time do not go around say such heresy . you survive the fire at the movie house . but no one can save you from the fire of Hell ! 62 : square and elena' house . ext . night sweet poignant music accompany salvatore 's long wait beneath the window of elena' room ... a warm early summer night . the last spectator wander off into the street . the village idiot make he round of the square . salvatore be beneath she window . he wait . the shutter be open , but not the window with the curtain . elena peer at he through a dark crack ... fade to : a rainy night . salvatore be back there again . determined , headstrong . a dog keep he company , take shelter under a overhange roof . the window be shut ... fade to : salvatore be hand add another check to a endless row of check on the calendar . a check a day ... fade to : another night . wind . the window be still shut . salvatore 's eye be the eye of a lovesick man prepare to face the hardest battle , just to win , just to conquer he love one . she peek at he through the crack , but he can not see she ... fade to : the pace of the calendar be cover with check . several month have go by . salvatore add a check on the last page , on 30 December . tomorrow night will be ... New Year 's Eve . the street be empty . loud merry voice can be hear come from the house . Old discard object hail down from balcony . firecracker explode here and there . salvatore be there in the same old place , as usual . the shutter be open , but not the window , and all be darkness inside . salvatore be wrap in a large overcoat and stamp he foot to keep warm ... 63 : salvatore house . giancaldo . int . night toast be be prepare in salvatore 's house . maria be there with she daughter , lia , then alfredo with he wife , anna . salvatore be the only one miss for the " family " to be complete . the bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake be ready . the radio be on with the New Year 's Eve programme . maria ( nervously ) but why have not toto show up ? the movie house be close at this hour ! alfredo have a know - all look . he try to put she mind at rest . alfredo he have to do something for I ... over the radio , music and merrymake 64 : elena' house.ext . night more sound of merrymake , come from elena 's house . salvatore listen to it , see the shadow of she parent and relative , maybe even hers , ready to celebrate , welcome in the New Year . but further on , that window remain dark and shut . salvatore gaze at it again . there be a new look in he eye , like a gleam of hope . maybe it 's the specialness of that night , maybe it 's the fire cracker , the festive atmosphere , but something tell he that 's go to be the right night . the night when she will open she window . in fact , a light suddenly go on in the room . salvatore be eye sparkle , have already take on the hue of victory . the window be pull open , and he heart start pound like a drum . the music reach its climax . two hand come out . salvatore shut he eye for a moment , to hold back the flood of feel . he open they again and see ...... the hand reach out and take hold of the shutter and pull they shut . the light go out . it be midnight . a echoing voice do the countdown . radio voice six , five , four , three , two , one , zero ! happy New Year ! happy New Year ! and a roar of voice , shout , explosion , fill the air . salvatore have remain stand there immobile , speechless . disappointed . defeat . 65 salvatore S house . giancaldo . int . night at he house , glass be about to be raise . there be a strange , tense merriment . maria be unable to conceal she concern , she presentiment . she glance at the door , hope to see salvatore appear . alfredo ( to Maria ) there 's nothing to worry about . he 's probably with he friend . ( to all ) let 's toast ! everybody ( toast ) here 's to you ! here 's to you ! happy New Year ! maria for toto too , here 's to you !! happy New Year ! ! everybody echoe maria be toast ... 66 elena S house . ext . night but salvatore be not happy in this first few minute of the New Year . he feel hurt , humiliate , reject . he walk off amidst the old discard object fly down from the terrace . that be he last night . he 's not show up beneath that balcony any more . 67 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . afternoon outside there be a violent thunderstorm . the pound of the rain and the rumbling of the thunder drow out the sound - track of the film be show . two bucket be on the floor to catch the water drip through the roof . salvatore be alone . for the first time he feel he hate the profession he 's get into . he be tear up the calendar where he check off the night he spend wait for elena . he tear it into a thousand piece , as if try to wipe out the trace of he grief . he be so absorb in he thought that he do not notice that someone have appear at the top of the stair and quietly enter the room . and now stand there watch he in silence . the thunder be deafen . that someone be elena . she come up behind he , realize he be think about she . whisper . elena salvatore ... loud passionate music be hear on the monitor . salvatore turn and see she as if in a dream . it be a sudden blow to the heart . the look on she face be wonderfully sweet , the look of somebody who know she be madly love and who now realize at last that she be in love too . for salvatore it be a overwhelming , almost unbearable moment ... a long passionate embrace that be never-end . they be happy , cling to each other never to leave each other again . they spin around , end up against the wall where strip of film be hang , the first - part ending and the trailer . another intense look , they eye lock ... and it be they first kiss . a kiss at first timid , hesitant , almost clumsy , and then become resolute , poignant . amidst the film strip dangle around and touch they young face . meanwhile the film have finish , the projector turn uselessly ... down below the screen be blank , the audience whistle ... but salvatore hear nothing , neither the whistle nor the useless whirring of the reel in the projector . all he hear be she breathe , a he feel be the warmth of she skin . 68 various setting . int / ext . day the happiest , most vivid moment salvatore and elena spend together : a country outing . they eat a lavish salad use the flat branch of the prickly pear for plate . a chase through a endless field of wheat . in the projection booth . a cake with seventeen light candle . salvatore and elena blow they out together . and then a kiss . 69 road at the edge of town.ext . day salvatore be drive a old beat - up balilla he buy from a car-wrecker . elena sit beside he , have the time of she life . they roar with laughter . the car jolt , move by fit and start , jarre by the hole in the road , and besides salvatore be not such a hot driver . she fondle he . elena ( ironically ) you have a great future as a driver . if they do not arrest you first !! salvatore that 's nothing to do with it , it 's the car that 's still be run in ... he have barely finish the last sentence when the car give a sudden violent shudder . a sharp report . a cloud of white smoke issue from the motor . and the balilla stop dead in its track . elena and salvatore cannot smother they wild laughter . they embrace . elena so now how do we get home ? cut to : the two of they be stand beside the empty road , look bored , as they have already be wait a long time for someone to go by , a car , a wagon . when all at once a car come around the bend , head for town . salvatore and elena flag it down . the driver slow down . the back door open , a man get out . a alarmed and startle look come over elena 's face that man be she father . she see he stride over in a rage . he have almost reach salvatore , who try lo be polite , to make the best of the situation . salvatore hello , Dr mendola ... hem ... elena bury she face in she hand , so as not to see ... 70 cinema paradiso . int . evening salvatore have a bruise on he cheek and two band-aid on he face . he get himself a good thrashing , and then some . the house be jamme , as on the great occasion . curiosity be write all over the face of the audience . but what they be see be not a film , but a instalment of double or nothing . salvatore be stand by a teleprojector which have be set up in the central aisle of the balcony . it be a machine that make it possible to project television show on the screen . alfredo be sit beside he . alfredo ( in a low voice ) toto , be you pull my leg or something ? how be it possible to see this television without film ? salvatore just so , alfredo . there be not any . and if you buy a television set , you can watch it at home , without any fuss ... alfredo ( sceptically ) could be ... but I do not like this business . it smell fishy to I . elena be sit in one corner of the balcony with she parent . sitting beside she father be the owner of the movie house , spaccafico , who thanks he . spaccafico ( in a low voice ) you see what a bright idea , Dr mendola ? but without the bank loan how could I have buy the machine ? if we do not get organize around here , in this day and age , we will meet the same end as the punch and Judy show ! elena be not very interested in the tv show . she sneak a look at salvatore . from the look on they face , it be clear that thing be not go very well . he give she a nod , as if to say he want to speak to she and that she should figure out some way ! elena lean over to she mother , whisper something into she ear . 7I cinema paradiso . toilet . int . evening elena 's mother stand wait in front of the woman 's toilet , gaze at Mike bongiorno emcee the tv show in the distance . Inside the toilet , elena be stand on the toilet seat whisper to salvatore , who be stand on the 20ilet seat of the man 's toilet . they eye be barely able to peek over the flush tank which they have uncover . elena be worried . salvatore could it be you father do not like the work I do ... that my family 's too poor ... be that it ? she give a nod of the head , but only faintly , so as no2 to wound he vulnerability . salvatore sigh . elena' mother ( off-screen ) Elena ! elena all right ! ! ( to salvatore , in a whisper ) for the moment it 's impossible to see each other ... as soon as school be out , we be go to go stay with friend in Tuscany . we will be there all summer ... maybe if you come up , we could meet in secret ... salvatore ( crestfallen ) but we be open the outdoor movie theatre this summer . what will I do all this time without see you ?! elena I will write to you every day . do not worry . I love you . the summer will be over and I will be back ... they reach out to kiss each other . who know when they will be able to see each other again ? elena' mother ( off-screen ) Elena ! elena climb down , pull the chain and walk off , leave salvatore stand there on the toilet seat . summer have come . a bevy of barefoot child chase after the cart carry the carter ' family to the beach to go swim . salvatore , help by the usher , have finish load the disassembled projector on to a wagon in order to carry it to the outdoor movie house . the usher have hang a sign on the cinema paradiso to the effect that ' showing to continue at the imperia Arena ' , and now climb into the wagon . the horse move off slowly and the monotonous clatter of its hoof remind salvatore that the summer be go to be long this year , longer than ever . and he lean on the projector that totter and lurch from the jolting of the wheel . a cart carry a cheerful and noisy family pull up alongside the wagon . there be the men from the slaughter-house . they recognize salvatore . slaughter -house man well , look who 's here !! cecil B. De mille ! hey , toto !! when be you come to shoot another film ?!? and they laugh , with they gape toothless mouth . salvatore do not feel like joke , not even like answer . he look away , so as not to see they leer . he want to be by himself . 73 beach and imperia arena . ext . day the beach be almost desert , dot here and there with group of bather . the cart and horse be scattered in the sand , near the imperia Arena , where some workmen be put on the finish touch for the new open . the wagon arrive and salvatore and the usher unload the projector . 74 beach . imperia arena . projection booth . ext . evening a sultry evening . the jacklight of the octopus fisher twinkle on the dark horizon . the sound - track of a comic film reverberate over the sea , the laughter of the audience mingle with the sound of the shallow wave break on the rock . a group of little boy in a boat pull away from shore . they join some more boat stand still in the water , all of they cramme with little boy all look in the same direction ... towards the screen of the open-air movie at the water 's edge . there be a funny scene . little boy all seat be sell out ! free entrance and payment on the way out !! sssssh !! and they guffaw noisily . they laughter be echoed by more laughter , in the distance ... ... the laughter of the Arena audience , scattered among the metal chair . by dint of laugh , the people in one of the row of chair tip over backwards . scream , laugh , whistle . the projection booth have a door at the back with stair lead down to the rock . salvatore be sit on the ground , bare chest , tired and sticky with sweat . he be read a letter from elena . he be so engross the word can almost be read on he face . elena' voice ( off-screen ) salvatore , my darling , here the day never end . I find you name everywhere if I read a book , do a crossword puzzle , thumb through a newspaper ... you be always before my eye . today I have get some rather bad news . at the end of October we be move to the city where I will attend the University . it will be hard to see each other every day . but do not worry , whenever I can get away I will always come run to you , to the cinema paradiso . on the Arena screen , with its pot plant and palm tree , a very funny scene be be show . the audience again burst into wild laughter . and the audience of little boy in the boat also laugh . one of they , laugh himself to tear , lose he balance and fall into the water . the other howl with laughter . a voice rise up out of the carousel of boat . urchin fuck I ! I have catch a octopus ! a oooooctopus ! fade 75 various setting . int / ext . day the August sun be blaze hot . people be force to stay inside when the sirocco blow . the street be empty . and there be a strange silence . nothing can be hear except far in the distance , from somewhere in the country , the love song of some carter ... salvatore hear it too , stretch out on the floor of he room , he eye fix on the ceiling where fly buzz around nervously . the mailman come down the street on he bicycle , ride up to salvatore and hand he a letter ... sitting in the shade of a white wall , salvatore read the letter . next to he , the dog that keep he company at night , beneath elena 's window . he gaze up at he as if look for news of she . 76 : arena imperia . projection booth . ext / int.evening the Arena be crowded with sun-burnt face . on screen , scene from Ulysses . on a shelf in the projection booth , there be a enormous pack of letter . salvatore be wear out . the wait have destroy he . he look like a madman . as he wind up one of the part of the film , he repeat she name obsessively , under he breath . salvatore Elena ... Elena ... Elena ... now he be sit outside on the back step , a few yard from the sea . there be a breeze this evening , the wave be rather high and the boat of ' gate - crasher ' can be see out in the water , roll fitfully but not dangerously . salvatore stretch out , gaze up at the inky sky and talk to himself , just like a madman , whisper ... salvatore when will this shitty summer be over ? ( half shutting he eye ) in a film it would already be finish ... ( smiling ) ... fade - out and cut to a nice thunderstorm !!! huh ? that would be perfect ! a clap of thunder explode in the air . loud , rumbling . salvatore be eye pop open . the Arena audience look up in alarm at the sky ... the ' gate - crasher ' in the boat also look up and see a streak of lightning ushere in another clap of thunder . one of that storm be building up that ruin late summer night . salvatore give a content smile as the cloudburst pour down violently , suddenly ... the Arena audience scatter with a howl and scurries over to the overhange roof of the projection booth , to take shelter and to go on watch the film despite the rain ... the little boy in the boat quickly pull tarpaulin over they head ... but salvatore do not get up . he let the rain fall on he , go on laugh , incredulous and stunne as if a real miracle have take place . and as he shut he eye and lift he head up , to catch more rain on he face , and give himself up to that marvellous feel of joy , a mouth come to rest passionately on he lip it be elena . salvatore open he eye in utter amazement , it seem like a vision , another hallucination create by the rain ... instead no , it be really she ! salvatore Elena !... but when ... elena I get back today . you can not imagine the excuse I have to make up to be here ... salvatore 's lip interrupt she . it be a intense , a stupendous kiss . they have probably never be so happy as they be at that moment . they cling to each other as the rain go on stream over they body , mingling she hair with he , bind they ever closer . 77 cinema paradiso . entrance . ext . day Autumn have arrive . in the street , the peasant prepare the barrel for preserve the grape must . alfredo be sit in front of the cinema paradiso with spaccafico and the usher . it be a quiet moment , they chat , while the hum of the projector and the sound track of the film can be hear through the window of the booth . the mailman stop and hand spaccafico a fold sheet of paper . mailman Don ciccio , this be for toto . give it he ... ( and he pedal off on he bicycle . ) alfredo what be it ? spaccafico unfold it , read it , clap he hand on he head , in alarm . spaccafico Holy blood of juda ! now what be I go to do ??! 78 university . ext . day elena be wait near the University . she pace nervously back and forth . glance at she watch . he 's late . she look around in all direction and see he at last . he come run up to she . they embrace ... elena so what would they say ? salvatore the army say that , as a war orphan , I do not have to serve in the military , but nothing can be do . it 's a bureaucratic error . I have to leave . Day after tomorrow morning . they be send I to Rome . but they will discharge I ten day later . let 's go ... he take she hand , turn to go to a café . elena hold back . she have catch sight of she father 's car approach . elena turn to look and in a faint voice reveal the reason for she nervousness . elena no , salvatore . you would better go . it 's my father . salvatore good , this way we can finally talk . I will convince he this time . elena he will not be convinced , salvatore . he have other plan for I . salvatore who ? elena the son of one of he colleague . do not act that way . we will talk about it later . wait for I Thursday at the cinema paradiso . I will be come with the five o'clock bus . salvatore look with long as elena drive away with she father . elena give he a meaningful look through the window . salvatore return the look , but stand there motionless , with a grim expression , like someone who know how to take the treacherous blow of life . the car drive off and with it elena . they eye hang on the same thread . the thread of hope and now of fear . 79 cinema paradiso . entrance . ext . morning the poster of Il grido hang on the billboard outside the theatre . spaccafico replace ' thursday ' with a ' today ' sticker . the charwoman be wash the floor of the lobby . spaccafico shout up to salvatore , who be in the projectionist 's booth . spaccaficio say that tomorrow he will be leave and today be he last day on the job , and he 's sorry . spaccafico toto , this be no film for the common herd . one day will be more than enough ... so tonight , please set up tomorrow 's film , so the projectionist who be come will find it ready . salvatore ok ... spaccafico understand salvatore 's sadness . spaccafico cheer up , toto . I will be here wait for you . no one 's take you job away from you . do not worry ! 80 square and projection booth , cinema paradiso . ext / int . day the bus have pull into the square but among the people get out there be no sign of elena . salvatore stand nervously up in the window of the projection booth , glance at he watch . it 's already five - thirty and she have not come . he check the projector . the first part have just begin and the reel be full of film . the first part be now about to finish , the reel be almost empty , and elena still be not there . salvatore be extremely nervous , worried , mortify by he meeting with she father . he see elena 's face pull away in the car . thinks back over she terrible confession . he pace back and forth , as if he be in a prison cell , think up solution ... the stair light finally go on ; there she be salvatore dash over and down the stair to meet she . he come down the final turn of the spiral staircase and find himself face to face with alfredo , who be slowly make he way up with the help of he cane . salvatore freeze to the spot . alfredo sense he disappointment . alfredo you be not expect I ? salvatore ( nervously ) no , alfredo , I be come to help you ... alfredo ( smiling ) you be expect she ? huh ? ( salvatore do not answer . he 's too worried , too upset . alfredo climb another step , whisper . ) ... it 's a nasty business wait by yourself . in company it 's better . no ?... then I will leave . as usual alfredo be sweetness comfort salvatore , indeed suddenly give he a bold idea , one that quiet he nervousness . he put a hand on alfredo be shoulder . salvatore alfredo , I need you help ! 8I road to the CITY . ext . afternoon the balilla speed as fast as it can down the road to the city , where elena 's family have go to live . salvatore drive along in a state of agitation . the idea of have to leave without see elena be he obsession . a obsession he refuse to accept ... 82 cinema paradiso . projection booth.int . afternoon the second part have begin , the reel be full . for the first time in many year , alfredo be alone in the booth , sit in front of the projector , and he feel helpless . not only because he 's blind , but also because there be nothing he can do for salvatore . a strange agitation come over he , as if he be experience the same anxiety troubling he ' toto ' at that moment . meanwhile , the film roll on and with it , time , minute ... 83 CITY .ext . afternoon salvatore have already reach the city . he slow down at the bus terminus . look at the people wait , but she be not there ... he ask several girl in front of the University . but they have not see she ... he phone from a phone booth . but nobody answer . his self - control be about to give way to desperation ... 84 cinema paradiso . projection booth.int . afternoon on the reel there be less film . like a hourglass with the sand trickle through ... 85 : elenas house in the CITY . ext /int . afternoon salvatore come streaking up in front of she house . he screech to a stop , dash out like grease lightning . his nerve be tense , a slight tremor run through he whole body . he ring the bell , but nobody answer . a man who life in the building open the front door and come out . salvatore seize the chance and climb up to the third floor . he pound on the door furiously , almost crack he knuckle . but all to no avail ; there be nobody at home . he shriek , panic stricken . salvatore open up ! open up ! elenaaa ! and in fact , there be somebody inside : elena 's mother . she sit there immobile , without a word . the pound on the door reverberate in the room , but she do not budge , determine to ignore that desperate message . 86 : cinema paradiso . projection booth.int . afternoon the reel spin faster . the film be almost end . by now there be very little time ... 87 road to the village . ext . sundown and salvatore be on he way home , defeat . be drive as fast as he can . be be in a terrible state , can not figure out what 's happen . can not explain it . and that 's what hurt . 88 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . sundown the word ' the end ' appear on the screen ... and the film run out , leave the projector turn uselessly . alfredo be alarmed . he can hear that the film be finish , but do not know where to begin . he grope around . he 's scared . like a little boy call he mother when he 's lose in a crowd , so old alfredo call salvatore . alfredo totooooo ! totooooo ! the few people down in the audience start whistling and complain about the film they have not understand . spectator light ! Christ , what a piece of crap !! we want out money back !!! heeeeey !! bandit !! other be shouting that they like the film . 89 cinema paradiso . entrance . ext . sundown the balilla screech to a stop in front of the theatre . salvatore dart out and run to the stair ... 90 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . sundown salvatore turn the light on in the theatre and turn off the projector , try to calm down alfredo , who have get to he foot , frighten . alfredo but where would you go , toto ?!! salvatore I be here ! take it easy ! take it easy ! ( and he fold he into he arm , like calming down a little boy who have have a nightmare . be whisper , still out of breath : ) sit down , sit down ... ( alfredo quiet down as salvatore lower he into a chair , and ask he the only question upon which he last hope depend . ) do she come ? alfredo no , nobody come . ( and he embrace he , almost as if to comfort he in he great disappointment . ) for salvatore it 's really the end : she 's not come . tomorrow he will be leave without have see she again . salvatore be hand remove the photograph of amedeo nazzari and of elena from the wall , slip they into one of he pocket . now the hand open the metal container of tomorrow 's film , take . out the reel to set they up , pick up the receipt - he last before leave - and with the same mechanical gesture , hang it on a nail , as usual . 91 rome . various setting , military life . ext / int . day / night a wild frenetic sequence , set to the pace of military life ... salvatore , in uniform with close - cropped hair , answer he superior , shout : salvatore Radio Operator Di vita salvatore ! third battalion , ninth company , sir !!! target practice . salvatore fire all the shot in the cartridge , one after the other ... a second lieutenant bark out a march rhythm in the blaze sun . second lieutenant one , two , one , two !! attention ! Left march ! salvatore sneak out of line , go over and slip a letter into the mailbox and hurry back to he place . on one of the public phone in a square of Rome , salvatore be phone elena . nobody answer . he slam down the receiver , as the line of soldier wait its turn ... night -time . a large plastic bag full of water . a thud . salvatore wake up with a start in a lake of ice water . he let out a terrify shriek as the other laugh , protect by the dark . salvatore aaaaaaah ! heeeeeelp !! in the large dormitory , the sergeant be hand out the mail . he throw a pile of letter on salvatore be bunk . they be he letter to elena , stamp ' address unknown '. mess duty . salvatore be wash up , in a sea of water and grease . he rime a pan full of tomato sauce with a tap hose . a spurt of red water splatter he in the face . a training run . another letter which salvatore drop into the mailbox ... a cold , rainy night . salvatore stand stiff as a poker in front of the ammunition depot . it be he first guard duty . soak to the skin , gaze wide - eye into empty space . colonel be office . salvatore ( aggressively ) Colonel , I be suppose to spend ten day here and it 's be about a year , and I have not ever go borne . I would like a furlough , at least ! salvatore be in the guardhouse . a cold , dark , filthy cell . his nerve start to give way . he bow he head in despair . Hospital . salvatore be exhaust , run-down . the night -stand be jamme with medicine . he lie in bed without move , stare off into empty space , and repeat obsessively in a low voice , as if talk to himself . salvatore Elena ... Elena ... Elena ... ( he have touch the extreme of suffer , a young man who have be deny love and affection , he rights , freedom . a nurse come up . ) nurse Di vita salvatore , get ready , you discharge have come through . salvatore register this information with he eye and nod absently . 92 giancaldo . square and street . ext . day the bus disappear around the corner leave salvatore stand there alone . it be a blaze hot day . the sirocco wind blow the yellow dust in all direction . the square be empty , the billboard in front of the close movie house announce a western . salvatore put he suitcase on the ground , look around . everything exactly the same , immobile . only one new feature in the cafe there 's a jukebox play ' estate ' sung by milva . salvatore turn towards the cinema paradiso . the projectionist be at the window of the booth , smoking a cigarette . who know who he be , where he come from . a hot flurry of dust . salvatore turn and see a dog leaping around kim , wag its tail . it 's the dog that keep he company during he night beneath the window . salvatore give a start of joy , drop he suitcase and lean over to stroke he . then he hug he , as if he be a old friend . 93 alfredo' house . int . afternoon salvatore go to see alfredo . he be still in bed , have just wake up . he be glad to hear he ' toto ' . he feel he forehead , he eye and cheek , as if to ' see ' he . alfredo you be thin ... you can tell you have not be treat well . ( as usual , you can not hide anything from alfredo . salvatore sense something different in he that he can not figure out , like same wild restlessness within ) . salvatore they tell I you never go out , never talk to anybody . why ? alfredo toto , sooner or later there come a time when talk or keep quiet be the same thing . so it 's better to shut up . ( change he lone ) it 's hot in here . toto , take I to the beach . 94 beach and waterfront . ext . afternoon the sea be ruffle and the air be less sultry , easier to breathe . salvatore and alfredo walk slowly along the waterfront . alfredo totter slightly , hold on to salvatore , who be tell he something very funny . salvatore at the Christmas party the lieutenant pinch a girl 's ass . the girl turn around : it 's the daughter of the commanding officer . the lieutenant be scared to death and say : ' miss , if you heart be as hard as what I have just touch , I be do for ! and they roar with laughter . they look like two old school buddy tell each other dirty joke . they stop beside a low wall . alfredo know that that laugh be simply a way of uselessly dance around the countless thing that be troubling salvatore . and he break the ice , while salvatore be still laugh . alfredo ( seriously ) do you ever see she again ? ( salvatore be laughter die away , take off - guard as he be . then he light a cigarette . ) salvatore no . and nobody know where she be . alfredo it be probably mean to be like this . each of we have a star to follow . so now what be you think of do ? it 's a terrible question , and salvatore have no answer to it . in fact , would rather not even talk about it . he change he tone , as if he have not hear it , laugh , try again to ding to the funny joke he hear during military service . salvatore listen to this one ... the commander say to the sergeant : ' you remember that windmill that use to be there ? ' ' yes , sir , I remember the mill 's go but the wind 's still there ! ' ( and he burst into nervous laughter . but this time alfredo remain cold , unmove , do not laugh with he . salvatore gradually fall silent . he do not know what to say . for the first time in he life , he do not know what goal to aim for , do not know what to do . the cloud of smoke wreath he nervous face , now he seem to relax , whisper : ) you remember the story of the soldier and the princess ? ( alfredo nod he head . ) salvatore now I understand why the soldier go away just before the end . that 's right , just one more night and the princess would have be he . but she , also , could not have keep she promise . and ... that would have be terrible , he would have die from it . so instead , for ninety - nine night at least he have live with the illusion that she be there wait for he ... ( this time salvatore be the one to explain something to alfredo . and alfredo realize how bitter he story be and , above all , that the boy stand there be no longer a boy ... ) alfredo do like the soldier , toto ! go away ! this land be curse . ( they be now lean against a boat on the beach . alfredo go on whisper he word . ) when you be here every day you feel like you be at the center of the universe , it seem like nothing ever change . then you go away , one year , two ... and when you come back , everything 's different . the thread have break . you do not find that you be look for , you thing no longer exist . be not that the case ?... you have get to go away a long time , for many , many year , before come back and find you people again , the land where you be bear ... but not now , it 's impossible . now you be blinder than I be . ( intense word , straight from the heart , and salvatore be spellbound . he whisper with a smile : ) salvatore who say that ? Gary Cooper , James Stewart , Henry fonda ? huh ? ( alfredo also give a gentle smile ) alfredo no , toto , nobody say it . I say it ! life 's not like you see it in the movie . life ... be harder . ( he lay he hand on salvatore be shoulder , give it a hard squeeze . ) get out ! go back to Rome . you be young , the world be yours ! and I be old ... I do not want to hear you talk any more , I want to hear talk about you . salvatore give a shudder that run through he very soul . the set sun lie colorless on the horizon . 95 various setting . ext / int . night night . the square be empty . salvatore be sit on the church step . his head in he hand . he have to make a decision leave or stay . and why ?... ' what decision will he make ? ' be the question that keep alfredo awake , in he hot dark bedroom ... maria , he mother , also can not get to sleep . she know , sense , that she son be on the verge of a important turn - point . but what will he decide ? what will happen ?... also lia , he sister , feel a strange , heavy tension in the air . and do not sleep . she 's probably wonder where salvatore be at that hour ... he 's sit on the ground . but even if he be to go to bed he would not sleep . he rub he face with he hand . the church bell chime four a.m ... almost thirty year later , another distant bell be chime four a.m . and salvatore be once again wide awake . he be think , with he hand on he face , just like then . and the same decision to make : what to do ? stretched out beside a sleep woman , he go on stare at the window . outside , the storm have pass . the long memory have almost fade , only the sound of a train surface in he mind ... 96 giancaldo railway station . ext . day it 's the train that thirty year earlier have pull into the station of he home town before leave for Rome . salvatore hug he mother and sister . the moment have come to say goodbye to alfredo . the old man be deeply move . a heart -rend tremble come into he husky voice . alfredo do not come back any more , do not think about we , do not turn round , do not write , do not give in to nostalgia . forget we all . if you can not hear it and come back , do not come look for I , I will not let you into the house , you understand ? they clasp each other tightly , as if they know they would not be meeting again ... salvatore thanks for all you have do for I . alfredo whatever you do , love it like you love that projection booth of the paradiso when you be little ... ( the train move now . hand wave in the air , draw further and further away . the priest have arrive at the last moment and wave goodbye from the distance . ) priest ( shout ) Goodbye , totooooooo !!! I get here too late . what a shame ! the figure of alfredo and the other can no longer be distinguished . only a distant blur at the end of the track . 97 punta RAISI airport . ext . day thirty year later , a plane fly over Sicily . it land on the runway char seem to emerge from the sea and flatten out towards the slope of the dark mountain . salvatore 's face appear among the cloud reflect in one of the plane window . he have the tense look of the man who suddenly come home after the adventure of life have carry he afar , wander the world , where he have forget everything . from the plane window to another window ... 98 superhighway . int / ext . day ... the window of the taxi-cab drive salvatore to he home town . the scenery move by on either side of the road summon up sweet memory . a lot of thing have change , but the color be still the same . the yellow run through the entire landscape be unmistakable . and all that black bird perch in a row on the guard - rail be crow . the cab now approach the outskirt of giancaldo . but if the sign , have not be there with the name on it , it could be a entirely different place ... 99 salvatore's mother' house . ext / int . day the house where salvatore's mother life be also new , nearer the sea . the old lady be sit alone in a armchair in the parlor , knitting a white sweater . her hand move very swiftly , almost mechanically . the hand of a woman who be wait . the front doorbell ring twice . maria stop short . that be what she have be wait for . she mumble in excitement . maria it 's toto ... I know it ... and she scramble to she foot , drop she knitting in the chair , one needle dangle over the edge . she hurry off , forget that she still have the ball of white yarn in she apron pocket . and the yarn run off the needle and the knitting come undone quickly as she move about the house , go down the stair to the front door . there the yam stop and maria ' 's excited voice be hear . maria be voice ( off-screen ) toto !... salvatore's voice ( off-screen ) how be you , mamma ?... the camera now move , discover they through the parlor window , hugging each other outside the front door . under the curious eye of a old bored dog . 100 salvatore's mother' house . int . day maria be no longer wear a apron . mother and son be sit side by side at the kitchen table ... maria lia will be so glad to see you , you ' will see . and you will not recognize the kid any more , they be grow up by now . salvatore ( smiling ) they be always write to I say they want to come to Rome ! salvatore look around ; it 's a place he 's never see before , and yet it 's he mother 's house . ) maria see how pretty the house be ? we do everything over . ( smiling ) if it have not be for you ! ( get up ) come , I have a surprise .... ( she take he by the hand and lead he out to the hallway . salvatore look at she and feel a pang . she seem smaller , age wither the body , she be slightly stoop , she hair be gather into a knot at the back other head . ) you must be tired . if you want to rest , there 's time before the funeral . salvatore ( interrupt she ) no , mamma , it only take a hour by air , you know . maria ( smiling , ironically ) you should not tell I that now . after all this year ! ( salvatore get the message , feel guilty . think about it , it seem incredible that he have never come before . maria open a door , step aside to let she son in , whisper : ) I put all you thing in here . go in , go in ... salvatore lake a few step , be flabbergasted at the sight of he old room perfectly reconstruct and preserve . it look like a museum , the museum of the past . despite the bed , the clothes in the cupboard , the book on the shelf , it be perfectly clear that no one have ever live in it and never will live in it . maria sense he perturbation , remain stand in the doorway as if to leave he alone ... salvatore go over to the bed , look around the old 8 mm movie camera , the projector , he documentary , the bicycle hang on the wall , the photograph of he favorite movie star . but what mostly catch he eye be a tiny frame photograph : salvatore as a little boy and alfredo , stand smile in front of the cinema paradiso . strange , at that time alfredo be young than he be now ! it 's as if he be stand there before he one last time . that impressive figure , he good - nature bur firm look , touch he heart . from alfredo be smile face to ... 101 giancaldo . MAIN STREET and square . ext . day ... the coffin where he old blind friend rest for ever . the funeral procession wind its way down the main street . at the intersection , , car stop to let the black hearse pass by . people cross themselves . the old man remove they hat . store shutter be lower . then , when the procession have pass by , the car start up again , the old man put they hat back on , the shutter be pull up . salvatore be in the front row with he mother , next to alfredo' widow . signora anna say in a whisper , she eye fix on the coffin . anna he would have be happy you come , toto . he always talk about you . always ! right to the end ! he be terribly fond of you ... ( tear come to she , she be unable to say any more . salvatore give she a hug , deeply touch by she word . ) he leave two thing for you . come see I before you leave . salvatore nod he head . he gaze intensely at the coffin cover with flower and be grieve as if he be ashamed never to have come to see the man who have be like a father to he . but why have he forget he ? up in front , lead the procession , he see a young priest with a altar boy beside he , and this figure be also like chisel scraping the rust off he soul and bring old feeling to light again . the procession reach the square . the dark column stand etched in the dazzle early - afternoon light . signora anna motion the driver and the procession come to a halt . it be alfredo be last farewell to the place where he have spend the best year of he life the cinema paradiso . everyone turn to look and salvatore also turn , take by surprise ... it have fall to piece : door and window board shut , crumble wall , a piece of the sign dangle down , weed and mildew in the crack and on the roof . the square have change completely , be unrecognizable . building , store , sign board and line of car creep at a snail 's pace in a deafen chorus of honk horn . and the central square have turn motorcycle . salvatore turn slowly to look behind he , towards the small crowd , and be entrance by the unexpected sight of face that he recognize at once , despite the many year that have go by : the man at the BOX office , the usher who also serve as bill - poster , the charwoman , the carabiniere sergeant , and further on behind rosa and angelo , the lovebird who have meet in the movie house and then get marry . they all have white hair . and they too have recognize he , give little hello nod and gesture . another face he seem to recognize : why sure , it 's spaccafico , the owner . how old he 's become ! he also look up and he eye meet salvatore be . a hello nod . salvatore make he way over to he through the crowd . they shake hand heartily , without a word , both touch . the procession start up again . salvatore ( under he breath ) how long 's it be shut ? spaccafico six year ago this May . no one come any more . you " know better than I , Mr. Di vita , the crisis , television , video . by now the movie business be only a dream . the city 's buy it now to make a new parking lot . next Saturday they be tear it down ... a pity !... salvatore be disconcert , irritate by that ' Mr. Di vita ' . besides , find out that the movie house be to be tear down depress he , after all , it 's a piece of he life ... and all that curious face stare at he . salvatore but why do you call I ' Mr. Di vita ' ? it do not use to be that way ... spaccafico well , it 's hard to call a important person by he first name . but if it really matter to you , I '11 call you ... ( smiling ) toto !... salvatore smile at that . meanwhile , the procession have reach the church . salvatore excuse himself and go over to the hearse . Old spaccafico watch he go , then say , almost to himself ) spaccafico bless you , toto . the coffin be unload . salvatore have ask to be one of the bearer into the church . as he move off slowly with that weight on he shoulder , somebody catch he eye on the other side of the sidewalk . a old woman , sixty or seventy year old , with a plastic bag in she hand . she cross herself quickly . salvatore recognize she she be the one he make love with for the first time . teresa , the prostitute . the coffin be carry into the church , follow by the little procession . 102 salvatore ' S mother' house . ext / int . evening the little house be sink in the darkness of evening and the ground floor window be light up . the rustling of the sea can be hear . the family be have supper . the table be set with the finest silver and the company china have be bring out . lia be also there with she husband , alfio , and they two child . filippo , fifteen , and SARA , thirteen . the television be on , but the sound have be turn practically all the way down . salvatore be presence arouse a special excitement . the child look at they uncle with a certain awe , after all they do not really know he . SARA ( playfully ) uncle , the next time granny come to Rome , I want to come along too . I want to see what you do when you work ... salvatore ( smiling ) Fine . but I warn you , there be not much to see . I sell much more smoke than fire ... the child laugh . at the sight of they , lia , alfio and maria also smile . alfio ( to salvatore ) watch out , do not get too familiar with that two ( indicate the child ) they be worse than cannibal . they will take advantage . everybody laugh again . even maria laugh a lot . salvatore look at she ; he have never see she laugh like that , amused , at peace . filippo you leave tomorrow , uncle ? salvatore do not know what to say . he feel drunk . it have be a day of violent upheaval , a series of almost overwhelming emotion and now he know nothing on the one hand , he ' d like to stay , let himself drift on the sweet tide of family life , be completely carry off by the roll wave of he own past : on the other , he wish he have never come . he force himself to smile again . salvatore I do not know , filippo . I do not know ... they go on eat , but salvatore be not very hungry . re peer at lia eat out of the comer of he eye , feel deeply bound to she she have a few white hair and light wrinkle line she face . then he look at she husband , alfio , he 's go bald but he try to hide it by comb over the little hair leave . who know what they marriage be like , he wonder . he look back at lia , and it 's as if she sense it , she look up , guess the nature of he thought , imagine what he be try to figure out , a blush color she cheek and she smile . salvatore return a connive smile . the ringing of a phone . SARA start to get up to go and answer it , hut maria stop she with a glance of the eye . maria ( to salvatore ) it must be for you ... they have be call all afternoon . they want to know if you be leave this evening or tomorrow ... everyone turn to salvatore with question look , make he feel even more restless and undecided . the phone go on ringing . 103 cinema paradiso . ext . day . the traffic cop be try to break the front door down with they shoulder . once , twice , and at last , the door fly open with a screech , kick up a cloud of dust . salvatore enter by himself ... 104 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . day salvatore be silhouette stand out against the light in the open door . S lowly he make he way into the empty theatre . a thick layer of dust lend everything a gray , rarefy look . the light stream in from the window up above teem with strange mate of dust , like a haze . cobweb hang like long veil from the ceiling . salvatore walk down the middle aisle . the row of seat be unhinge , what be once the wooden veneer have warpe from the dampness . he look around as if he be thumbing through the album of he memory . the screen dangle from its frame . the emergency exit be board and nail shut . observe the emptiness of the theatre , salvatore have the feel he can hear the howling , the whistling and voice of the . audience , as he remember it . but only for one brief moment , then the silence return . a mouse creep along one wall , stop near a pile of dust . salvatore be attract by that little gray mass . he go over as the mouse scamper off , take a closer look and recognize the shape of half a lion 's head cover with dust . he move it with he foot , then look up at the projection booth , repeat the same gesture of bygone year . but the lion 's head be no longer there , only the outline of it on the wall , and cobweb have cover the hale of the booth , that little square opening that have cause he such long suffer as a little boy ... salvatore now climb up the spiral staircase . each step kick up a little cloud of dust . the little booth , yellow with fume , appear before he again . now it look like some big , empty cave . the projector be no longer there , nor the equipment . who know where they junked they ?! the only thing leave be a clump of film strip still attach to the wall : trailer , part one ending , etc ... there he have kiss elena for the first time , and strip of film like that have graze they face . now they be catch up in the coil of cobweb . and where the film - winder once stand , the nail remain with thousand of yellowing receipt . of all the film show at the cinema paradiso Palace . and three more boxful of they be on the floor . and the window overlook the square be bolt shut and the glass break . salvatore peer out of one of the crack in the window and see the village ... which be now a city . a different world he no longer know . 105 café in square . int / ext . day the cafe in the square have be completely renovate . the cashier and barmen have young , unfamiliar face . salvatore hold out the receipt with a tip . salvatore a double whisky , please . several boy be sit at the comer table , talk about girl . other stand play ' war game ' , shake around to the obsessive strain of same electronic tune . a man come up to salvatore and ask for he autograph . then salvatore turn to the plate- glass window overlook the main street , where the worker ' club once be . and like a flash , a shudder freeze he to the spot .... two step away from he , through the glass , a stun vision , which cast he beyond time , chill he blood : there before he be elena ! but she be still young , young as she be then ! sweet , luminous , allure , exactly the way he see she the first time at the station . she be wait to go across the street with a bunch of book under she arm ... have the pass year have no effect on she ? or be she a hallucination ? no ! it 's a dream ! or be he dead too , like alfredo ? salvatore do not know how to explain it . and he be suddenly seize by a feel of panic . his glass drop to the floor ... as the girl walk off ... 106 giancaldo . STREET . ext . day at the age of fifty - five , salvatore feel no scruples about wander the street of he home town , spying from a distance on a eighteen - year - old girl . there 's nothing he can do about it . he stare at she with the amazement of someone who discover that miracle exist . now he be nearer to she . how lovely she be ! it 's she , no doubt about it ! exactly the same . except she have a different hair - do and be wear different clothes : elena do not wear slack . the girl go up to a park motorcycle . she remove the padlock and fasten she book to the rack . salvatore be stand there a few step away , and without stop to think , move a little closer , discreetly , politely . salvatore Excuse I , miss ... ( she turn to look at he , indifferent , but friendly . he look at she wonderful blue eye . ) I be so sorry , I think you be someone else . girl ( shrugge ) well . she have already start the motor of she bike . a flip of the accelerator and off she go , she hair fly in the wind . salvatore follow she with he eye until she disappear around the corner . 107 salvatore's mother' house . int . afternoon the old shot of elena get off the train and walk away , casting a curious look at the camera ... salvatore be watch she again , project on the white wall of he room . he also watch the other shot of that happy long - go day the picnic , . she at the beach , smile , joyful ... and again salvatore do not understand , or do not want to understand . but this scene could have be shot yesterday , so identical to elena be the girl he see on the street ... and the wound which he think have heal year ago , start bleed again . the linger note of suffer for a romance that have end without he ever know why , and the endless explanation that have be sifted through by he young mind , start slip through he soul again , like that shot slip again through a old 8 mm projector . through the crack of the door , maria see that image on the wall , salvatore rock he head back and forth slowly , like he use to do as a boy when he cry . she somehow feel he grief , he bitterness , lower she eye and walk away without a word , as the little shiny rectangle on the wall remain blank , empty ... and salvatore sit there gaze at it , as if he see other scene which he camera never set down on film , only he memory . 108 high school . street and little square . ext . day the high school student be come out after school . happy young face . that girl 's motorcycle can be see in a rear-view mirror . salvatore be at the wheel of the car alfio have leat he . he have obviously follow that motorcycle before . he wait with a eagerness he think he have long lose , a determination to understand , to get to the bottom of the matter , which frighten he and at the same time overwhelm he hopelessly . and here she come . she unlock the padlock and prepare to speed off . salvatore start the motor and follow she a short distance away . the girl head for the new residential district on the outskirt . 109 salvatore's mother' house . int . day maria be set the table . lia and she family be eat at she house today . salvatore be sit again , with a light cigarette , gaze through the window at the shrub toss in the wind and the roll sea . the air whistling through the crack of the window lend a heaviness to the silence , like the troubled look on he face . maria glance at he . maria what be you think , toto ? salvatore look at the old woman 's lovely face , a faint smile . on he lip . there be always something like a unspoken rule between they , the rule of silence , of unconfess complicity . and now he feel that rule have to be break . he speak quietly , as if to curb the tumult of he feeling of guilt . salvatore I be think ... that we have never talk , mamma ... when I be little I see you as if you be already old . that 's probably true with all kid ... who know ? ( she nod , then sit down before he . he stroke she old , skinny , heavily vein hand ... ) but only now do I realize you be young , you be beautiful , have a whole life before you . but how ... ( sigh ) ...how could you have live alone all that time , with no one to look after you ? you could have remarry ... why not ? at the time I probably would not have understand , but I would have later ... maria do not answer , but she be not troubled . a inner peace lend she a sweet , quiet expression . then she too agree to break the rule of silence . maria I never have anybody . if that 's what you think ... I do not want anybody . I always remain faithful . first to you father , then to you , to lia . ( with a shrug ) that 's the way I be make , there 's nothing I can do about it . ( smiling ) and you be like I , you be too honest and too attach to the thing you love ... but I do not know if that 's a good thing . faithfulness be a bad business . if you be faithful , you be always alone ! ( salvatore be immerse in the profound truth of that word . and he say nothing . the silence be break by the ringing of the phone . a menace sound , which salvatore can not bear . he know they be call he from Rome , give a nervous gesture , stand up and pull out the plug . the silence return , the whistling of the wind . maria lower she eye . ) it 's my fault ! it would have be better if I have not call you ... salvatore sit down again , lean closer to she . he stub out he cigarette in the already overflow ashtray . salvatore ( whisper ) no ... it 's nothing to do with you . it 's just that I be scared of come back . now , after all this year , I think I be strong , that I have forget lot of thing . instead , I find it 's quite the opposite , as if I have never leave . and yet , I look at lia and feel as if I do not know she , and you , mamma ... I abandon you , run away like a thief , think only of myself , and never give you a explanation ... maria ( interrupt he ) and I never ask for one ! you have nothing to explain . I always think that what you do be right , and that be that . with no beat around the bush ... ( smiling , play it down ) only one thing make I suffer : bolt the door shut before go to bed at night ... salvatore you never use to do that ! she smile like a little girl who be about to confess the fib she have tell . maria no , no ... when you use to work at the movie , I could never get to sleep at night until you come home . then when you arrive , I pretend to be asleep , but I hear all you movement . then when you fall asleep , I would get up and bolt the door . then , when you leave , every time I do it , I feel as if I have leave somebody outside the door , far away .... ( salvatore listen to he mother be word , surprised and entrance by the poetry of she way of speak ... ) but you be right to leave . you succeed in do what you want to do ... ( sigh ) when I call you , a different , woman always answer . I pretend I know they so they will not have to go through the embarrassment of introduce themselves . ( smiling ) I be sure they take I for a crazy old woman . but so far I have never hear one voice that really love you ... I would have know . and yet , I would like to see you ... settle down ... fall in love ... ( gazing into he eye ) but you life 's there . here there be nothing but ghost , toto ! let it go . she have say this with a subtle allusiveness in she voice . and salvatore realize she have always know everything . but he do not ' answer she . they look at each other a Long time without speak . they rule of connive silence have come back into play , as before , forever . it be she expression that tell he to leave , to take the plane and fly away ... 110 SMALL square and house . int / ext . evening but salvatore have not take he mother be advice . re have not leave . something hold he there still , lead he to go on look . the girl be motorcycle be park in the courtyard beyond the gate of a small house . he be study it from inside the car park in a corner of the small square , near a café . re have be there some while , but be not nervous , wait there with determination ... several window in the house be light , but no one can be see through the curtain . nothing but shadow pass by every now and then . now the light in one of the window go out , and the light on the stair go on . the front door open and the girl come out with a tall , sturdy - look , elegantly dress gentleman around fifty . they converse bur be too far away for they voice to be hear . salvatore watch they come out the gate and climb into a car . they look like father and daughter . the car now drive off and pass right by he . a gleam of light , the reflection from the headlight , fall on the gentleman be face . he recognize he at once , from the birthmark on he temple ... salvatore ( to himself ) boccia ! his eye flash , he 's afraid he 's understand . and now the craze to get to the bottom of it all gnaw away at he . there be no turn back . 111 café . and SMALL square . int / ext . evening salvatore be hand rifle through a phone directory . he be in the cafe , on the other side of the glass door lead to the little square . his finger run down the column of name ... salvatore ( mumbling ) his last name be lo meo , vincenzo . he have already put the token into the slot and dial the number , look at the two light upstairs window of that house , where the mystery of he life may be hide . salvatore hear the first ring , he heart in he throat ... a shadow appear in one of the window . and a voice answer . voice on telephone hello ? ( it 's a woman 's voice . salvatore shut he eye , be about to speak , but the lump in he throat silence he ... ) voice on telephone hello ? hello ? he still hesitates , can ' t get a word out , as if he have lose he voice or do not know what to say . he hang up . the shadow at the window also hang up , then disappear ... salvatore be at a loss , sit down at one of the raby near the phone in the almost empty cafe . at the far end , a group of five people watch television . barman you want something ? and he turn back to the television . salvatore light a cigarette . he be uncertain . once again he have to lake a important decision redial the number and seek a face behind that shadow ? or forget the whole thing , the girl , boccia , the shadow , and go away ? yes , best go away . he get up and leave . he can be see through the window turn the comer . a pack of cigarettes and a lighter lie on the table , he have forget they . and the light cigarette bum down in the ashtray . a few moment have go by . footstep , and a hand pick up the lighter and the cigarettes . it be salvatore who now , on a sudden urge , slip another token into the slot . the shadow reappear at the window . the same voice as before . voice on telephone hello , who 's speak ? salvatore answer at last , keep he eye shut , whisper : salvatore I would like to speak to signora Elena ... voice on telephone speak . who be it , please ? salvatore feel a terrible pang , continue : salvatore salvatore . silence , charge with tension . then the voice continue weakly , as if puzzle . voice on telephone salvatore ... who ? he run he hand over he forehead , he eye , as if to soothe the turmoil he feel inside . salvatore Di vita . salvatore Di vita . do you remember ? ( another pause chilly , heavy . salvatore open he eye , look at the window . her shadow be motionless , as if cut out of cardboard . ) Elena , I be here , in the bar , across the street from you house . the shadow move slowly , a hand pull aside the curtain . it 's a moment of heart - rending emotion ... she appear . and they see each other from a distance , after thirty year , each of they with a phone receiver to they ear . but she be somewhat in the dark , against the light , it 's impossible to make out she feature . her voice give a sudden start , instantly control . voice on telephone certainly , I remember ... salvatore be eye glisten , try to pierce the distance and the darkness to get a better look , but in vain . salvatore Elena . I would like to see you ... let 's meet . elena let the curtain drop and go back to be a shadow . she whisper the word . voice on telephone it 's be so long . why should we meet ? what good would it do ? salvatore please , do not say no .. . but she voice be firm , unshakeable , even if quivering with emotion . voice on telephone I be old , salvatore . and you too . it 's best not to meet . Goodbye . the shadow hang up , disappear . the light go off . 112 different setting . int / ext . evening the wind be stronger now , the street and the square be empty . salvatore be at the wheel of the car , drive aimlessly around the town . he have rediscover the woman who condition he whole life and they have not have the courage to meet . a obsessive musical heat , fraught with rage , pour out of the car radio . 113 salvatore's mother' house . int . evening a phone ringing drown out the sound of the television and the wind whistling outside . in the half - darken room , maria pick up the receiver ... maria hello ? no one answer , but she can sense the presence of someone who now hang up . maria be alarmed . who could it be at this hour ? and where be toto ? 114 seafront and pier . ext / int . car . evening salvatore stand motionless on the pier , face the storm - toss sea . he feel relieved by the roar of the wave that dispel he bitter thought , blur they , but do not wipe out the look of suffer in he eye . a flash light seem to approach behind he back . salvatore turn and be blind by the headlight of a car park at the beginning of the pier . the splattering wave lend the scene a hazy cast and diffuse the glare of the flash headlight . now the light move towards he . and salvatore also lake a few timid step forward ... they be close . the car have almost stop . but it be impossible to make out the person at the wheel who now reach over to open the other door . a voice can be barely hear over the raging sea . it be elena 's voice . elena salvatore ! salvatore approach , accept the invitation , enter the car and shut the door . the headlight go off and the car remain there suspend between the open sea and the harbor with its rock boat . Inside the car , not a word . two dark figure gaze at each other , unintelligible , as if the night be try to further delay that meeting . the glow reflection of a wave higher than the other now light up they face . elena be right , they be no longer the face of teenager , but of people on in year who study each other , search for a truth . the howling of the wind and the crash of the wave be louder , but elena and salvatore / rear nothing , sit glue to they seat , fix in the endless gaze that envelop they . he be the first to break the silence in a faint voice . salvatore how would you know I would be here ? elena I do not know how many year have go by , but some thing about you I do remember . there be not many , place you could have go . I look around ... salvatore turn on the light of the rear-view mirror . finally they can see better . they look at each other a little ill at ease , make the inevitable comparison with the memory of they young face . salvatore carefully observe she gray hair , she blue eye line with wrinkle , the somewhat fade beauty mark on she lip . salvatore you be still beautiful ... elena do not be silly ... I be old . ( she look down troubled by the way he have of gaze into she eye , speak almost mumble she word . ) do not look at I like that , please . ( and she switch off the light . but this time it be less dark , thing can be see . ) why would you come back ? salvatore alfredo die . do you remember he ? elena of course I remember he . I be sorry . you be terribly fond of he . a moment of silence . it 's hard to find something to say . salvatore I see you daughter . she 's beautiful ! who know how many salvatore must be run after she ... elena ( smiling ) one or two . bur there be not all that many salvatore . ( salvatore also smile , but a puzzle smile as if what she have say have throw he off-guard . ) I have get a son , too ... he 's older . and you , do you have child ? salvatore no . and I be not marry . ( elena sit there in silence . a veil of sadness cloud she eye . salvatore be too ... ) be you happy ? elena all thing consider , yes . even if it be not what I dreamt of then ... again salvatore be throw off -guard , as if the round key of he enquiry have meet with only square lock . she continue . elena my husband ... you know he . salvatore sure , sure ! boccia ... ( with a bitter smile ) what 's he do ? elena Politics . he 's the district representative . we meet at the University in Pisa . then instinctively , in a shy voice , salvatore ask the question that he probably would not have ask a moment later . salvatore and ...how come you never marry that guy from Tuscany ? the white foam of the wave splashes up over the wall of the pier , dash against the car window . the shadow of the trickle water be superimpose on the agony of they face . elena hide she embarrassment beneath a faint but haughty smile . elena I do not want to ... I have to fight tooth and nail . but in the end I win ... ( salvatore be unable to smile . it 's as if the void be grow and swell within . Thunder and lightning shatter the roaring of the wind and sea , hut it do not rain . now she smile jade away . ) at that time ... I be wait for you ... there be no resentment in she word . she have say they fondly . with the serenity of someone who have suffer greatly and then find a strong convincing way of suffer no more . for salvatore , it 's as if one of that thunderbolt have pierce he heart . he lean over , gaze into she shine eye . salvatore but I have never forget you , Elena ! elena ( whisper ) nor have i. even though you disappear ... ( salvatore be staggered , feel as if he be plunging into the void . what she have say strike he as grotesque . elena stroke he hair , as if to restrain he sink heart , give a sweet smile . ) but what 's the point of talk about it ? we risk be pathetic and ridiculous . ( and she try to change the subject . ) you still live in Rome ? but salvatore ignore the question . he do not want to change the subject . he feel that everything be crumble inside he , the alibis and excuse he have have to give himself in order to accept the end of they romance . and instead , now the table seem to have completely turn . without realize , he shout desperately , stare wildly at she and shaking she by the shoulder . salvatore what do you mean , you be wait for I ?! what be you say ? ( he control himself at once , continue , breathe heavily . ) the last time we see each other , we make a date to meet at the cinema paradiso . you remember ? and you do not come , you disappear without leave a trace , nothing ! I will tell you how many year have go by : more than thirty !!! quiet rear stream down Elena 's face , glisten with the reflection of the lightning and the wave . elena I keep that date . ( salvatore laugh at the absurdity of it . a nervous , heartbroken laugh , which slowly melt away as she go on to say : ) but I be late ... ( tear continue to stream out of she blue eye , but she tell she story in a calm voice . ) I have a fight with my family . I try to convince they again that they could not separate we . but it be futile . they have decide to leave Sicily once and for all . which be what we do . I do not know what to do any more , what to say . and I say yes , I would do whatever they want . in return , my father promise to let I see you one last time , to say goodbye . but I hope that by see each other we could take advantage of it and make a decision ... I think we would run away together . ( she hold back she sob . dry she tear with the back of she hand , and continue : ) my father drive I to the movie theatre . but you be not in the projection booth . only alfredo ... her voice continue over the scene of same thirty year before ... 115 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . afternoon flashback . elena' voice ( off-screen ) and I do not have time to wait for you to comeback ... from the bottom of the spiral staircase , elena' father be wait nervously , yell up at the projection booth . elena ' S father Elena ! hurry up !! young elena all right , daddy !... in the projection booth , alfredo be sit on a stool , near the projector . see from the rear , the young elena be lean over beside he , she be excited , she eye be red and swollen with tear . elena' voice ( off-screen ) so I tell alfredo how thing stand and fiat I be leave the same evening , and I ask he to tell you everything . he be very kind , he listen carefully , then ... alfredo answer young elena , stroking she hair . alfredo easy , easy . ( sigh ) listen carefully to what I have to say . if you want I to tell toto what you have tell I , I will . but if you want my advice , forget it . it 's better for both of you if you do not see each other ... ( young elena give a start of resentment , listen with surprise . ) dear girl , fire always turn into ash ! even the deep love end sooner or later . and after that other love appear , lot of they . toto , he can not understand fiat now . if I tell he he will not believe it , he ' d be capable of kill I ... but you can understand , you have get to understand ... do it for he ! 116 waterfront . int . car . evening salvatore sit there without move , pale as a sheet , look as if he have grow even older . as if the whole world have fall in on he . for elena , it be a painful but liberate story . she dry she last tear . elena it 's the first time I have have to chance to tell the story . I never mention it to anybody . salvatore ( in a daze ) alfredo , damn he ! he cast he spell on you too ! elena I tell he I would take he advice . but before I go away I leave you that note ... ( salvatore give she a quick look , a question look . he listen . ) I be on my way down the stair ... ( her voice continue , laid over the ... ) 117 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . afternoon flashback elena have already say goodbye to alfredo , be on she way down the stair , but stop short . elena ' S voice ( off-screen ) I think alfredo could not see I . so I snuck back up ... ( she tip -toe back without make any noise . go over to the film -winder . take out a pen , look for a scrap of paper , but do not see any . her eye fall on the film receipt hang on the nail . she tear off the top one , turn it over and scribbles a message on the back . ) I write you where you could find I , and that I would wait for you . she hang the scrap of paper back on the nail , well in sight . she creep out , glance at alfredo , who have not notice a thing . 118 waterfront . ext / int . car . evening elena finish tell she story . she heave a Jeep sigh . elena but you disappear all the same . there be a haunt look in salvatore 's eye , he be search he memory for something he can not find , then suddenly see , as if in a dream ... he hand thirty year before go through the routine gesture of hang a receipt on the nail , over the other , mechanically , without even look ... and he shut he eye as if fear the truth . her last word have wounded he . he shake he head , then in a faint voice : salvatore oh , how I look for you , Elena ! you will never know . I write , telephone , nothing . nobody ever answer . but I dreamt of you for year ! that 's why I go away ... and never come back here . ( and he anguish break free , dissolve into quiet , almost childish tear . elena be startle by he reaction . she caress he , passionately . they embrace and remain like that , she with she face bury in he shoulder , he lean on hers with he tear - fill eye . ) even as the year pass , in all the woman I meet , I be only look for you . I have success it 's true , but there be always something miss ... ( she be deeply move , go on caress he gently until he calm down . the car window be steam up . the sea , the harbor , the wave have disappear . nothing remain but the sound of the storm . salvatore take she face between he hand . they gaze at each other , they face practically touch . he murmur : ) I would never have imagine that all this have to end because of the man who be like a father to I . a crazy lunatic ! ( she give a faint smile . ) elena he be not crazy . in the beginning I be upset . I think I really hate he . but then , with time , I understand what he say ... and you silence too . salvatore whisper one last dreadful revelation . and it 's as if he have get a terrible weight off he chest . salvatore but I never see that note ! ( he squint , as if to stress the absurdity of the idea . ) I must have cover it with my hand , without realize it , that 's the only explanation ... ( but strangely enough , elena be not surprised . ) elena what difference do it make to find a explanation ? that 's the way it go . but alfredo do not betray you , he be the only one who really understand you . salvatore , if you have choose to be with I , you would have never make you film . and that would have be a pity ! because they be wonderful , I have see they all . ( her eye glitter with joy , then she smile , almost ironically . ) but you should not have go and change you name . you should have keep you own . tear stream down salvatore 's cheek . he give she a look of long , of desire . elena embrace he . they kiss with heartrend tenderness , with the same passion of they first kiss amidst the strip of film brush they face , so many year ago . and they make love , clasped in the cramped quarter of the car , like two teenager . passionate kiss , embrace , deep sigh . they hair damp with sweat , they hand clasp , they finger interweave . then the frenzy subside into a deep , tumultuous pleasure , of immense loving and immense grief ... as outside the wind and the wave go on rating around that car which seem suspend in empty space . ) 119 alfredo' widow' house . int . day signora anna be hand place a old wooden stool and a rusty round metal can on the table . anna this be the thing he leave to you ... salvatore be sit by the table . he have finish the cup of coffee signora anna have prepare for he . he pick up the stool , recognize it at once : it 's the one alfredo have make for he as a little boy so he could climb up and put the reel on the projector . anna when they show you film on television , he be happy . he would plop himself down there and all he ailment be forget . he know all the word by heart , every one , and I would describe what be go on . and when the papers talk about you , I have to read they two or three time ... salvatore examine the can , wonder what it can be . he open it : inside be a reel of film , wrap in a plastic bag , well preserve . that object bring a pang to he heart , and the thing that anna say , but he feel disappointed , as if he expect to find something else . salvatore do he ever think of meeting I ? anna no , never ! one time you mother say that if he want , you would have surely come . he get furious and say ' no , toto must not come back to giancaldo , never !!' he do not say it to be mean . he be a decent man . who know what he could have be think ? towards the end he would say such strange thing . and a moment before he shut he eye , he tell you mother not to let you know . 120 cinema paradiso . projection booth . int . day a cloud of yellow scrap of paper flutter into the air and as it fall slowly to the ground another handful be flung up . salvatore be in the projection booth , look through the countless yellow receipt , stuff away in box . he look at they one by one , then throw they into the air . a desperate search , almost a defiance of the pass of time . he continue with great determination , fling pile of receipt into the air , glance at a few date , a film title , try to discover the oldest date at the bottom . he move swiftly , he hand plunge in , then fling up a nimbus of paper and dust . but to no avail ... he stop , short of breath . his eye go over to the nail in the wall , where other stack of receipt be hang . he get up and go to look at they , thumb " it through they hastily , in anger ... he yank off two or three pack , which come off , nail and all . only then do he notice that at the bottom of that block of yellow paper , there be same more sheet , much older , almost brown . his eye concentrate on the mildew scrap of paper . he lean over , pick themup and go through they one by one , delicately , because they crumble in he finger ... and then all of a sudden , some film title he recognize from that time . he go on thumbing through they , and all at once a astonished look appear on he face in he hand be a receipt that have be turn over . it 's the one ! the message scribble on it can still be see . he read it . salvatore's voice ( off-screen ) salvatore , forgive I . I will explain later what happen . not find you here be terrible . unfortunately , this evening , my mother and I be leave for Tuscany . we be move there . but you ' be the only one I love , I will never be with anybody else , I promise . here 's the address of a girlfriend of mine where you can write to I . do not abandon I . Love and kiss , Elena . he clasp the scrap of paper , and he brim eye darken with regret . 121 café ~ in square and elena' house . int / ext . day elena stand near the window overlook the little square , listen on the phone to salvatore be voice . she can see he through the transparent curtain speak on the phone down below in the café . elena when be you leave ? salvatore open he eye , toss away he cigarette . salvatore this afternoon . Elena , in the future maybe we could ... elena interrupt he , speak softly , tenderly . elena no , salvatore ... there be no future . there 's only the past . even meeting last night be nothing but a dream , a beautiful dream . ( smiling ) we never do it when we be kid , remember ? ( down in the cafe , salvatore nod he head slowly , desperately . ) now that it 's happen , I do not think there could have be a better end . ( it 's farewell . salvatore glance one last time at that window . ) salvatore I will never agree with you . never , Elena . 122 cinema paradiso . ext . day the square , unusually empty . there be no one , and no car and motorcycle be park in the middle . the store be shut . and there be a unreal silence . the house on the two street on either side of the theatre be cover by enormous piece of gray canvas . only now do the camera discover in the distance , a crowd of curious onlooker wait in front of the movie house , keep at a safe distance by firemen and policeman . Old spaccafico be in the crowd . salvatore be also there . be gaze at the front of the old movie theatre ... 123 cinema paradiso . int . day the inside of the theatre , completely empty ... all of a sudden , a blind flash and ... 124 square and cinema paradiso . ext . day ...a deafen roar rend the air , accompany by a surge of amazement in the crowd . and the cinema paradiso suddenly collapse , fold inward and disappear for ever in a gigantic cloud of white smoke that rise into the air , carry by the wind towards the crowd ... 125 elena ' S house . int . day the echo of the explosion be also hear in elena be house . she be alone . and the bang distress she , as if something have burst inside she . from she face to ... 126 square and cinema paradiso . ext . day salvatore 's face , stiff , unmove , he eye fix on that fall ruin , on that season of he life turn into smoke and dust . envelop in the white cloud , spaccafico stand cry in silence . mice dart out of the ruin in terror , scamper nervously into the square . a group of youngster scream , amused and excited . among they , elena' daughter , smile ... salvatore see she joke with friend and point to some boy chase the mouse across the square , hoot and laugh . as a white - haire old tramp , filthy and cover in rag , make he way through the crowd . there be a empty look in he eye and he repeat obsessively in a low voice : village idiot the square 's mine , the square 's mine , the square 's mine ... salvatore recognize he , it 's the village idiot , the one who use to close down the square at night . be watch he walk off , rave , with nobody even notice . the crowd now move over to the huge empty space where the movie house once stand . the murmure voice be drown out by the deafen roar of a airplane . from the ruin of the cinema paradiso , fade to ... 127 rome . studio viewing -room . int . day ... salvatore be hand give a studio projectionist the rusty metal can leave he by alfredo . salvatore please check the splice . as soon as you be ready you can start . projectionist ok . congratulation on you film . it 's terrific . salvatore thanks . a colleague of salvatore come up behind he . salvatore well ? colleague the distributor be open up the film earlier . the press conference be in the afternoon . the actor will also be there , the producer , just about everyone . a assistant come up to they . assistant the official notification of the award just come out , but we have already receive a mountain of telegram . be not you happy ? salvatore it 's all right . we will talk about it later . salvatore walk off towards the view theatre . salvatore be by himself in the small view theatre . now the light go down . the beam of light shine out of the little square hole of the projection booth and the screen light up . a number trailer go by and then salvatore see the first shot . a start of intense amazement and joy suddenly run through he , astound he , delight he . it 's the best piece of film he have ever see ... it consist of all the kiss alfredo cut out of the film and keep for he , when he be a little boy . they have be splice together , one , after the other , at random , same of they even upside down . and yet it look like a first - rate editing job . in rapid sequence the passionate kiss between actor and actress , name famous and name unknown in the history of movie . greta garbo , Gary Cooper , alida valii , rudolph valentino , ingrid bergman , Clark gable , Anna magnani , humphrey bogart , marlene Dietrich , amedeo nazzari , luisa ferida , vittorio De sica , rita hayworth , tyrone power , doris durante , massimo gironi , marta Abba , Fred astaire and Ginger Rogers , assia noris ... a whole movie season sum up in a few fragment , a few second . a bizarre , poignant , melancholy parade . salvatore be overwhelm , move to tear . it be the most profound act of love he have ever see . he laugh as tear shine in he eye . up on the screen , another kiss , the last kiss mark the happy end of a film . and the age - old word appear ' the end ' .