cirque du freak written by Brian helgeland fade in : close on a spectacular example of peucetia viridan . descend through mid-air on a silken thread . neon green with black leopard spot on its leg . a Green lynx spider . as we follow it down , the thread open of a glass jar appear from the bottom of frame . just before the spider continue inside the jar , it stop , suspend . something 's not right . it wave a leg tentatively through the air ... darren' voice come on ... just a little lower ... widen to reveal a Middle School toilet stall . stand on the lid of the close toilet , hold the glass jar up over he head , be darren shan . Darren be 14 and a well - like kid . tenacious . diligent . the spider just hang there . darren come on ... I will take good care of you . all the bug you can eat . middle school boy room the door bang open and steve leonard enter . unlike Darren , Steve 's not so well - like . in fact , he can be trouble . maybe that 's why they be friend . steve hey , Darren ! no answer . Steve walk along the stall , scoot low so he can see any foot in front of the bowl . steve do you fall in ? Darren ! darren' voice shhh ... Steve look to the last stall , see the jar be hold up . intercut from in and outside of the stall . darren you be gonna scare he away . 2 . steve man , we be get kill out there . it 's three to nothing . Darren be all concentration as the spider drop a little . darren you problem , Steve , not mine ... Steve get a waggish idea . stepping to the sink , press he forefinger over the spigot , he turn the faucet . water shoot out in a stream , which Steve direct into and then over the stall door . reacting , the spider zip up its thread , be lose in the darken ceiling . the stall door open . dripping water , Darren stare at Steve who flash a wick grin ... CUT to : ext . school yard - day kid eat lunch , off in they group . on the field : Darren have a soccer ball practically glue to he foot . he dribble through defender , shoot , score ! Steve pump a fist : steve goal ! Three to one ! the other team regroup , start back upfield with the ball . Darren steal it . a few stride and whump ! Darren catch the goalie too far out . the ball loft just over the backpedal goalie 's head , bounce into the goal . steve ( exultant ) Three to two ! angry at himself , the goalie kick the ball away . it veer off toward the street . Steve take it as a personal insult . steve what do that prove ? huh ? the goalie blanch as Steve move at he . kid be nervous about Steve . he like to fight . Darren get between they . darren go get the ball . it 's 3 to 2 . lunch 's almost over . 3. steve that 's why he kick it . to kill time . well , I still get time to kick you face . darren ( blocking he ) forget it . the ball . Steve decide , head after it . the goalie gulp in relief . goalie thanks , Darren . he 's crazy . Darren watch after Steve . he do have a vicious streak . the STREET Steve track down the ball which have roll into the street . from seemingly out of nowhere ... a gleam black 1966 lincoln Continental . its tire suck at the asphalt as it roll . the window black out . it speed up reach the ball . ba - dump ! the ball burst . steve you idiot ! the car screech to a stop , idle ominously . suddenly Steve do not seem so tough . he look nervously back to Darren . but as a wind pick up , the lincoln suddenly tear off . a sheet of paper be kick up by one of the car tire . the wind send it sailing . it drift down , until ... Steve notice , snatch it out of the air . Darren step up beside he , watch the lincoln disappear down the street . creepy ... steve look at this . the paper be a flyer . a startling , violent layout . beneath a snarling wolf head : ciroue du freak - human oddity and other live curiosity . Midnight . Zeiterion theater . $ 20 - admission be at the discretion of the proprietor . steve . human oddity and other live curiosity ... ( to darren ) other . do that mean not human ? 4 . Darren shrug , take the flyer . darren a freak show . ever be to one ? steve ( grins ) just this school . Darren turn the flyer over . there be tire track on the back . they hear the sound of distant tire squeal , but the lincoln be long out of view . just a empty street now ... CUT to : a boa occidentalis probe the confines of its glass prison . a boa constrictor by any other name . it 's a prison within a prison because we be inside ... the school science lab - day the teacher , mr . dalton , move ponderously around the room . his voice like a metronome . mr. dalton as you can see reptile and amphibian be not one in the same . as Mr. dalton continue , we see various payr of student , they computer screen show text or picture of various frog , alligator and lizard ... darren and steve sit together stare at a komodo Dragon . after Mr. dalton pass by , Steve switch screen view . he 's do a websearch of cirque du freak . there be a dozen or so entry . he pick one : History of the side show . under 1920 's there 's a older , much more ' victorian ' pamphlet for the cirque du freak . a more ornate version of the same Wolf head . the same notice from the proprietor . Steve spread the flyer out to compare . they whisper : steve 1923 ... darren must be a different one . Steve scroll down through picture : 5 . sword swallower and glass eater : ohio gray . frog boy : avery child . human skeleton : j.d. comb . .and then ... egyptian soothsayer : larten crepsley . crepsley 's gaze be startling . like he can see through the screen , even from 1923 . Steve look like he 's just see a ghost . suddenly , he hit print . as a printer against the wall click to life , Steve look back at Darren . steve I gotta show you something ... CUT to : ext . the shan house - day picture perfect : two storey , dormer , trellise . 9 - year - old annie ride up on she bike , bookbag over she shoulder . without stop , she hop off , dump it on the lawn by two other bike . a few step and she 's through the door . CUT to : int . darren be room - day moody for the daytime . only the light from the half - close blind streaking the floor where : Darren and Steve be huddle over several clipping and picture that Steve have spread out . they all deal with vampire in some form or another . Steve pull another stack from he backpack , spread they out as well . darren I do not get it . steve vampire . I have be study they . vampire ? Darren look at he a beat . darren right . you be fail half you class at school , but you be study vampire . steve they be around 1000 's of year . two tribe . they even fight war . 6 . darren what ? when ? steve okay , sometimes , when human fight ? they fight at the same time . and no one know it . like at the Battle of stalingrad they fight at the same time the Russians and Germans be fight . Darren just look at he , wonder if he 's serious . steve some people know about it . there have even be book write . he pull a fray old yellow hardcover from he bag . darren that 's you proof ? it smell . Steve 's really try to convince he now . steve it 's everywhere if you look . on the internet , in blog , newspaper , weird place . but you can find it . the room start to tighten a notch around they . steve I chatted online with one of they . darren come on . steve serious . we become aware of ... a sinister Pov someone watch Darren and Steve through the half open doorway . it move in , start come up from behind . darren what be he name ? Mr. dracula ? mad now , Steve open the book , flip page , find a old 19th century painting . he slap down the science lab internet print - out of larten crepsley . it 's the same guy ! maybe ... 7. steve here he be in 1923 . and here 1855 . huh ? maybe he will be there tonight . would that make you believe ? as Darren look they over , the Pov loom up behind they . suddenly Darren spin ... and roar at what 's behind they : he sister Annie . she scream in response . Steve jump a mile . Darren laugh . annie how would you know ? darren saw you shadow on the floor . gotta try harder , knucklehead . Steve snap he book shut , shove it in he backpack . steve I be gonna get a soda . darren get I one , too . Steve get up , stomp out of the room . CUT to : int . kitchen - shan house - day Steve open the refrigerator , look to see what 's in there . at the same time Darren 's mother arrive home . come in through the kitchen door , she see the refrigerator door open , two sneaker foot behind it . mom I know you want to fight global warming , Darren , but that 's not the way to do it . Steve lean back to show he face . steve sorry , Mrs. shan . mom oh hi , Steve . I think you be , Darren . 8. steve I wish I be . ( re : fridge ) you guy get everything in here . mom help yourself . she set she purse down on the counter . mom how 's you mother ? steve she 's okay ... she 's be work a lot lately . a little frown of concern cross Darren 's mom . something about Steve ... his mom ... he bring out a bottle of soda . mom ( point ) glass be up there . steve I know . Darren 's mom exit as Steve pull down two glass , start to pour soda . as he wait for the foam to settle , he see ... the purse . just there . a quick look around , it do not take he long to decide . Steve step over , open the purse . a quick rifling find a wallet : $ 200 in $ 20' . he peel off three bill , shove they in he pocket . blleeep ! a cell phone start go off in the purse . fumble , frantic , Steve stuff the rest of the money back in the wallet , the wallet back in the purse , close the purse -- Darren 's Mom be back in . she 's hurry to get to she celiphone , so ... mom ( into phone ) hello ? . it take she a second to realize something 's up . not listen to she call , she watch Steve grab the two glass and hurry out , leave the soda bottle on the counter and guilt in the air . as she look over at she purse ... CUT to : 9 . int . hallway - shan house - day Steve come up off the stair . he set the glass on a hall table , continue into ... darren' room Darren 's look through Steve 's vampire memorabilia . Steve reach past , start pack it up . steve I gotta go . see ya tonight . darren huh ? tonight where ? he zip the bag , sling it over he shoulder . steve cirque du freak . darren I get no money right now . steve do not sweat it . I get money . meet I ten to Midnight . the Zeiterion theater . darren that place be suppose to be haunt . Steve roll he eye , start out ... darren what be I go to tell my parent ? steve tell they you be sleep over . we can meet early , walk over together . darren I do not know , man ... steve D , it 's cirque du freak . you wanna hear about it Monday ? or see it tonight ? Steve let he point sink in , then go . CUT to : 10 . int . kitchen - shan house - night Darren and Annie and he mom and dad eat dinner . Annie chatter away . annie and that 's why we need a dog . she wait for a answer . Mom and dad exchange a look . dad we will have to think about it . annie how do you guy decide who 's go to say no when you look at each other . dad whoever 's eye be the widest . and I do not say no . yet . as she try to think through a new approach ... darren Mom ? I be gonna sleep over Steve 's tonight ? okay ? mom ( emphatic ; no hesitation ) no . darren what ? why not ? mom because I say so , Darren . darren I be fourteen . I should not even have to ask stuff like this . mom the answer be no . and I be not sure I want you hang around with Steve anymore . darren I have know he since I be five year old ! 11 . mom people change and I do not like the way Steve 's change . darren but -- that 's not fair ! dad stop argue with she , Darren . furious at he treatment , Darren get up , stomp out . as Annie wonder if she should ask what 's up ... CUT to : ext . darren be room - night the moonlight glint off Darren 's spider terrarium . Darren , under the cover , get out of bed . fully dress . go to he door , he listen . then he cross to the window . pull out the screen , he start to climb out . CUT to : ext . trellis - shan house - night Darren out he second floor bedroom window , start to climb down via the trellis . crack ! a section of the trellis break under he foot . Darren almost fall , catch hold . he pull himself over , start down again . CUT to : ext . union STREET - night part of a dilapidate , mostly abandon downtown . noirish . Darren and Steve hurry around a corner . steve I come here after you house . there be a van there , guy sell ticket . ( hold up ticket ) Rest be history . they cross toward the ornate , albeit crumble facade of the zeiterion theater . desert , except for a few candle burn on the sidewalk by a door . the wind moan . darren you know why they close it , right ? year ago a kid fall out of the balcony and die . it 's haunt . 12 . Steve catch himself get spook . he shove Darren . steve get inside . CUT to : int . zeiterion lobby - night paint peel . the wall scribble on . most of all - it 's dark . Darren and Steve head toward a glow come from ... a hallway they move toward a light at the end . Darren pause at a darken staircase . headed up . he point it out to Steve ... darren the balcony . where he fall ... voice May I help you ? they wheel around , react to the sight behind they . mr. tall . gaunt , but ooze a elegant toughness . steve we be here to see the show . he take a ominous step forward , then hold out a hand . mr. tall ticket . Steve hand it over . Mr. tall pocket it , look to Darren . mr. tall do you have you ticket ? Darren . Darren start to hand it over , hesitates . the guy know he name . Mr. tall reach , take it . mr. tall this way . we be about to begin . Mr. tall turn on he heel and stride off . as they follow : darren ( low ) he know my name . steve maybe he hear I say it . 13 . Mr. tall turn a corner , only step ahead of they . but ... around corner when they turn it , Mr. tall be go . vanish . ahead , a threadbare velvet curtain . a low murmur on the other side . the boy exchange a last look , then push through into ... the zeiterion theater moulding remove , cherub gouge from the wall of a once proud theater . row of seat be miss as well . that that remain be fill . the crowd seem nervous , watch the empty stage expectantly . yearning for something special . no sign of Mr. tall . Darren and Steve stand at the top of the aisle . the only kid here . somewhere off stage a trumpet sound and with it a stage light go out . Steve nudge Darren , point out two empty seat halfway down . as they move for they , a second trumpet sound and a second stage light go out . and so on . by the time Darren and Steve take they seat , the theater have go black . a final flourish from the trumpet and all be silent . then , a dull green light glow across the stage . before it be empty ; now there be a cage , set on wheel , in the center . there 's the scraping of chain . a low guttural sound . a white spot shine down , leave the front half of the cage in light , the back half in shadow . a figure move in there .. the audience lean forward , hope to see when there 's a roar ! several people scream as the figure crash to the front of the cage . a wolfman for lack of a better term , its body cover in thick , matte hair . it roar again , shake the bar . its half - canine tooth yellow , its eye red . a chain hang attach to a iron collar around its neck . half the audience believe it 's real . the other half be amaze at how real this ' performer ' seem . as they buzz , Mr. tall step out on stage . wearing red leather glove and hat . mr. tall lady and gentlemen . welcome to the cirque du freak . we be a ancient circus . we have tour for five hundred year ... 14 . Darren and Steve exchange a look at this information . mr. tall . bring the remarkable and grotesque to generation . we freak be not people in mask . they be not harmless misfit . what you see tonight be real . each performer unique . none harmless . to prove this , the wolfman lunge , reach a claw through the bar to swipe just centimeter short of Mr. tall who 's non - reaction show he know exactly where he 's stand . a ripple go through the crowd as they become aware of truska . startlingly beautiful . dress for the moulin rouge . cross the stage in a languid catwalk . several men in the audience begin to cough and shift in they seat . even the wolfman take notice . mr. tall beauty and the beast . truska approach the cage , make soothing motion , she upper body sway . the wolfman lull to a trance . two stage hand - midget apparently , hide by blue robe , step out and start to push the cage off stage . truska step toward the audience , move in the same languorous rhythm . and then : she begin to grow a beard . hair creep from above she lip , curling from she chin . some in the audience recoil . Darren and Steve trade grin . this be great . then ... from either wing of the stage come twin contortionist : sive &amp ; sersa . they walk on they hand , they leg pull back with they ankle cinched behind there neck . as truska exit , sive and sersa meet in the middle . like hindu wrestler they take turn , climb up and down each other , look like one person with two front . they twist like pretzel , get huge laugh when they pretend to be stick . as it go on , rhamus twobellies pad out to watch . the floorboard creak under he foot . he must weigh 600 pound . after a moment , he turn , walk toward the audience . the light leave the contortionist and focus on rhamus . 15 . rhamus my name be rhamus twobelly . and I do have two . he trip , stumble toward the edge of the stage . people in the front row jump back to keep from be crush . rhamus stop short , laugh at they . he be pretend . he 's practically double - over , rest he hand on he haunch . more blue-robe midget roll out a cart cover with food and lot of other stuff . rhamus grab a glass bottle of soda . instead of open it , he bite off the glass top , chew it and swallow . soon he 's eat food almost as fast as he can grab it . disgusting , but great fun at the same time . next , he hold up a couple of nut and bolt . then swallow they whole . he swing he belly around . you can hear the sound of metal shifting inside . the crowd recoil as he start to regurgitate , spitting out bolt , nail , bottle cap , a jackknife . they clatter on stage . finally , a metal link appear between he tooth . he pinch hold of it and pull . a chain start out of he mouth , up from he belly . one foot ...two ... six foot in all . with a shrug he start off stage , drag it behind he . Darren &amp ; Steve break into applause . so do the audience . as rhamus ' chain slide out of sight , a snake slide in . a enormous boa constrictor . impossibly huge . it slither out to the center of the stage , its tongue flick in and out . a spotlight flick down from above . the snake stop , raise itself several foot off the ground as it look up , seemingly transfix by the light . but in reality ... the end of a thick rope drop down . and move ( headfirst ! ) down the rope be a boy . very thin , he blonde hair tinged with green . this be evra von . he move smoothly , twist over backwards to set he foot down on the stage . evra wear a sort of cloak which he suddenly spin out of . the audience gasp ... wearing only short , evra 's body sparkle . he 's cover in gold , blue and green scale ! he move a vaguely webbed hand through the air , charming the snake which raise itself higher still . he slowly slide forward till he and the boa be nearly eye - to -eye . then evra lean forward and kiss the snake on the nose . 16 . darren &amp ; steve darren he 's as old as we . stage evra start to make a hissing sound . in response , the snake begin corkscrew around he like the stripe on a barber shop pole . finally , it slither around he neck , pull back to look he in the eye . and then ... evra bend at the knee , lay down and start to roll . like he be wrap in a snake carpet , he disappear stage leave . more applause from the audience . then the stage go dark except for a small focus spot at the center . everyone wait , but nothing happen until ... appear literally out of nowhere - one instant there 's nothing under the spot and the next instant there be -- larten crepsley ! motionless , look past the crowd . the only difference from he picture be he 's a bit older and a scar run down he leave cheek . it stretch he mouth up on that side . darren &amp ; steve recognize he . can not believe they eye . Steve pull the print - out from he pocket , compare . darren it 's he ... stage crepsley disappear ! the crowd mumble nervously . and just as suddenly he 's back ! on the edge of the stage , light by the footlight . this time he hold a drape birdcage . crepsley it 's not true . that all tarantulas be poisonous . though some can kill a man . with one bite . crepsley whisk off the cover . in the cage : a tarantula the size of a large man 's hand . so big you can make out individual eye . as deadly look as it be beautiful . darren react . a spider ! 17 . stage crepsley make the introduction . crepsley her name ? madam octa . pray that she never learn yours . two of the blue-robe ' little people ' lead a goat onto the stage . a ripple of worry run through the crowd . crepsley start over . the goat bleat . the little people hold it . Mr. crepsley flick open the cage door with he finger . the spider set its front leg on the bar , pull itself through . a few gasp from the audience . the goat buck . madam octa bare she fang , poise to leap on she prey . several audience member cry out that this should stop . crepsley look out with mock - theatrical surprise . crepsley no ...? shall it be life ? chuckle to himself , he look to the goat tender . they release the goat which bee-line its way off the stage . crepsley face the audience . crepsley I wonder if you would be as shocked to see the same fate for I ? madam octa move -- climb the outside of the cage -- take a cautious step onto the hand hold the cage , then start up crepsley 's arm . he stand dead still . darren &amp ; steve have a million question , but right now the performance have they full edge - of- they - seat attention . stage madam octa have nearly reach crepsley 's leave shoulder . crepsley though we have be together such a long time , she be no pet . I think she would quite enjoy kill I . crepsley calmly raise he free hand . it hold a shiny tin whistle . madam octa have reach he shoulder . 18 . crepsley for she bite there be no cure . madam octa bare she fang , even longer now . her malevolence about to be direct at she master . crepsley carefully put the whistle to he mouth and start to play , as simple as it be evocative . madam octa hesitates . then , she move around he throat , start to climb he face use he scar as she guide . she get to the top of he head , stand in he shock of hair . she sway ; she 's dance ! then she leap , land on the end of the whistle . crepsley keep play as madam octa attaches a web , drop down about 18 inch off the end . she start to swing . crepsley take the whistle from he mouth and twirl it around . octa do a few 360s and the thread break . she sail up high over crepsley 's head . he crane back to watch as down she come , leg splay . she land flat on he face . the whistle be in he hand . crepsley look out at the audience . look out between she hairy leg , he eye be wide with horror . without warning , the spotlight on he go out . as the stage be plunge into darkness , we hear crepsley scream . a horrible , horrible sound . the audience wait , but nothing happen . some of they rise from they seat , peer into the gloom . it 's too dark . the sound of something be dragge . then nothing . a light come up stage leave as Mr. tall step out . mr. tall thank you , lady and gentleman . that be the end of we show . audience man but ... what happen to he ?! mr. tall do not you know ? what happen to we all , can happen to any of we . that say , there 's a crack of thunder and a explosion seemingly at Mr. tall 's foot . he 's nowhere to be see . 19 . the houselight come up . the stage be empty . some in the audience start to clap . other be a bit dismay . Darren and Steve sit there as people start for the exit . darren let 's get outta here . steve no , you go . I be stay . Steve start down toward the stage . Darren follow . darren wait . what be you do ? Steve reach the stage , look around . the audience be mostly exite ; no one from the cirque be in sight . as Steve start up onto the stage , Darren grab he shoulder . Steve wheel , shove Darren who stumble back into a seat . steve this be my destiny . do not ruin it . Steve look dangerous as he loom . Darren raise he hand in surrender . Steve ease off , but he 's still intense . steve that car today . it be a sign . send I here . I be tell there would be a sign . too friggin ' weird . darren told by who ? the guy in the chat room ? the internet guy ? steve I will tell you later . if I can . Steve scramble onto the stage and disappear into the back . Darren stand , whisper into the dark . darren Steve ... decision time . Darren climb up , start after he friend . CUT to : 20 . int . zeiterion theater - backstage - night Darren move back into the gloom . desert , the junk cast sinister shadow . then , a sound at he foot . Darren stop short . see that he 's almost walk into a open stage door in the floor . the sound be someone move below . darren Steve ...? no answer . Darren decide , start down steep , rickety step . CUT to : steve - understage storage area he move past a dilapidate stage elevator . stumble . as he head further into the dark . darren come down the creaky stair . spooky . darren Steve ... CUT to : steve turn a corner , be startle by what turn out to be a costume mannequin . but beyond : a long BOX set on two sawhorse . coffin-size . empty , its lid propped up by it . the dust be track with footstep . a mini-FRIDGE hum in a corner . Steve step over , see a extension cord which run up the wall , disappear into a hole punch in the ceiling . darren stop short as a light suddenly cut through the gloom to he leave . Darren step over low behind a credenza . he see ... steve he 's open the door to the fridge . the little bulb inside push through the gloom , lighting the area up . darren react as madam octa try to jump on he face ! the bar of she cage stop she . it rest on the credenza he crouch behind . the whistle be there too . Darren look over as ... 21 . steve reaches in the fridge , take out a glass jar that look to be fill with blood . Steve raise it , swirl it around inside . crepsley' voice be you look for I ? Steve whirl -- drop the bottle -- smash ! stand behind he - dead still - crepsley . darren rooted to the spot . watch ... steve &amp ; crepsley crespley sniff the air - the spill blood to be exact . steve I -- I know who you be . crepsley tell I , boy . who be I ? steve you be a vampire . crepsley too broad a definition . do you introduce yourself as a human ? who I be be larten crepsley . darren move slightly to get a clearer view . steve &amp ; crepsley crepsley suddenly disappear , reappear much closer . Steve jump , twist around . unnerve . crepsley who send you and what do they want ? steve nothing . no one . crepsley take a moment to decide if he believe he . crepsley then what do you want ? 22 . steve I want to join you . crepsley join I ? I do not understand . steve I want you to make I a vampire . not what crepsley ( or Darren ) expect . Steve stand there try to look resolve . crepsley be surprised , intrigue . crepsley be it because you want to live forever ? because we do not . steve I do not care about live forever . but you do seem to live a long time . crepsley a long time alone . do you want to live alone ? steve I already do . crepsley be you a orphan ? steve my father 's go ; my mother do not care about I . crepsley nor mine . you be friendless also ? steve I have a friend , but he do not understand . he 's get too much to know what it 's like to be alone . as Darren react to this ... steve when you be alone you feel weak . useless . but I know there must be something strong about it , too . I want to feel the power of be alone . I want to be a vampire . 23 . crepsley the power of be alone will never be great than the weakness of it . steve I do not care . crepsley 's actually impressed , but after a moment he wave a dismissive hand . crepsley it make no matter . we do not blood child . I be sorry . Steve pull a jackknife from he pocket , flip open the 2 - inch blade . crepsley laugh out loud . crepsley do you intend to use that on I ? and we feel it more than see it , but Steve cut into he own palm . he hold it up , moist and red in crepsley 's face . steve do it . make I a vampire . crepsley do not tempt I . darren can not believe what he 's watch . he see crepsley suddenly get ' scent ' of something . something to do with Steve 's blood . not quite a clear view as crepsley grab Steve 's wrist , dab a finger into he palm and then taste it . crepsley crepsley shove Steve down to the ground and immediately begin spitting onto the floor . like it be poison . steve what 's wrong ? crepsley you have bad blood . steve what do you mean ? 24 . crepsley I can taste the menace in you blood . you can never be a vampire . you be evil . Steve scramble to he foot . steve that 's a lie . you take that back ! crepsley draw himself full , he voice deadly . crepsley go home . suddenly cow , Steve just stand there blink . crepsley go ! Steve run , disappear into the gloom . after a moment , we can hear he scurrying up the stair . then he 's go . darren frozen to he spot , watch as crepsley , seemingly ill , hold he head and spit again onto the floor . then he step over and kick the fridge door close . and in the blink of a eye , he 's go . disappear . Darren be alone . he start out , then stop . look back . that beautiful spider . and Darren take madam octa 's cage and the whistle and make a run for it . just like that . CUT to : ext . street - darren' neighborhood - night 3 am. Dead quiet . Darren hurry home , cage in hand . look over he shoulder . so far so good . he nearly trip over a untied shoelace . he set down the cage , to tie it . madam octa lunge across she cage at a worm on the sidewalk . darren oh . you want that ? Darren pick up the worm , lower it between the bar . a beat and then madam octa snatch it away from he . dinner . 25 . darren see ? I be you friend ... you be so beautiful I stop think . the wind rustle . Darren grab the cage , continue . CUT to : ext . the shan house - night the house dark . holding the cage with one hand , Darren start climb the side of the house use the other . he avoid the break section , but as he reach the window : his dad be stand there look out . busted . dad get inside . from he angle , Darren 's dad can not see the cage in he son 's hand . Darren hook it over the end piece of part of the trellis and climb in . leave the cage hang behind . CUT to : int . darren' bedroom - night Darren stand across from he dad . dad a freak show ? be you kid I ? darren it be down at the old Zeiterion theater . look , dad , I be sorry . it 's just , I could not resist . I -- dad you tell I the other day you be break . you be look for a job to do around the house this weekend . darren yeah ? so ? dad where would you get money for the show ? darren Steve have money . Darren 's dad 's suspicion be confirm . 26 . dad Steve ... we be not go to tell you , but we think Steve steal money from you Mom 's purse yesterday . darren he would not do that . dad Mom 's pretty sure about it . darren man , what be this ? you do not want I hang around with he . now you say you think he steal money ? do you know for sure ? dad no . darren Steve 's have some bad time lately . I be try to be a good friend . dad be a good friend and sneaking out be two different thing . darren I have to sneak out ! you treat I like a kid ! a moment as Darren 's raise voice ring out of the room . dad then act like a adult if that 's how you want to be treat . this world be cross by fence -- Darren interrupt . he 's hear it a million time . darken I know , I know . and you gotta decide which side you stand on . and you can not sit on it either . his dad do not enjoy hearing he word throw back at he . he start for the door , look back before exite . dad a freak show . what do they do , put people in cage for everyone to laugh at ? 27 . Darren feel bad , like a kid . he look down at the floor . darren it be not like that . a beat . Darren 's dad go , close the door . Darren sigh . he go to the window , pull up the cage . he scan a look outside . except for he dad , the coast be clear . CUT to : int . closet - darren' bedroom - night Darren set the cage on a shelf , shut the door . Black . CUT to : int . kitchen - shan house - morning Darren 's Mom make omelettes . Darren 's dad help , dice up some ham . Annie sit at the table await the result . annie be he in a lot of trouble ? dad nothing a few year in prison will not take care of . annie I do not see what the big deal be ... dad ( to mom ) do you talk to Steve 's mom yet ? mom get this . she say she could not comment because she do not make it home last night herself . annie where be she ? mom go tell Darren it 's breakfast . CUT to : madam octa - video view see through the bar of she cage . freeze frame . 28 . darren' room Darren 's just snap she photo with he digital camera . as the door burst open and Annie enter ... Darren scramble to block the cage from view . darren Annie , you gotta learn to knock . annie Mom say to come eat . what 's that ? as Annie try to look , Darren stay in front of she . darren out . Annie sigh , head out . Darren put the cage in the closet . CUT to : int . kitchen - shan house - day Darren arrive , sit as everyone pretend not to notice . his mom slide he omelette off the pan into he plate . Annie watch everyone 's every move . Darren eat a bite . darren Mom , this be the best omelette I ever have . his dad can not help but smile . good move . Mom be pleased , but know she 's be manipulate . as Annie stifles a laugh , Darren shoot she a look . a knock at the kitchen door . Annie get up , open the door to reveal : Steve . from he angle he can only see Annie . steve hey , midget , where 's the idiot ? Annie motion Steve in . he stop short when he see everyone else . he recover , do he best Eddie haskell ... steve hi , Mr. shan , Mrs. shan . it 's nice to see ya . as Steve get several less than welcoming look ... CUT to : 29 . int . darren be room - day Darren and Steve enter he bedroom . steve what be that ? everyone act like they do not know I . do I walk in on something ? Darren close the door . get to the point . darren what happen last night ? steve nothing . I hang out in the theater for awhile , but no one be around . the lie hang in the air a moment . steve sorry about the way I act . I be sorry I push you . darren do not worry . there 's , you know , no bad blood or anything like that . steve what ? darren I say do not worry . steve you say bad blood . I never hear you say something like that before . darren what be you , the word police ? Steve give he a look . a weird tension in the air . Darren glance at the bandage on Steve 's palm , change the topic . darren wanna see that new game I get ? steve sure ... Darren step over , start he computer up . while wait , Steve see the digital camera on the dresser , pick it up . 30 . steve I gotta get one of this . Steve switch it on . something occur to Darren too late ... darren let I see that -- on the screen : the photo of madam octa . Steve twist around to keep the camera out of Darren 's reach . steve it 's madam octa . darren I take it at the show . steve liar . look at the background . this get take right on you desk . Darren 's catch . as they just stare at each other . CUT to : madam octa in she cage , on the desk . Darren and Steve look she over . steve how would you do it ? darren they be load a van outside . I , I just take she . steve just like that ... ( after a look ) you steal from a vampire you know ? darren just because he have a coffin do not mean he 's really a ... Darren trail off . Steve realize Darren see the coffin . steve you be there , be not you ? ( no answer ) you hear what he say to I ? that I be evil ? 31 . darren I do not believe it . Steve study Darren , hope that 's true . darren I hear what you say to he , too . that you want to be a vampire . Steve do not want to talk about it . he look at madam octa . steve how do you think he make she do what he want ? Darren open he desk drawer , pull out the flute . darren I wish I know how to play it . steve I think that be just for show . I think he use something else . some kind of mind control . darren you mean telepathy ? steve I bet anyone with a brain could do it . which leave you out . Steve smile , give Darren a little punch in the arm . the tension be loosen . they react to a knock on the door . anniee voice can I come in ? Darren go to the door . open it a few inch . darren I swear to God , Annie ... annie what ? I knock . as they talk , Steve open the cage door . madam octa set she arm on the edge , pull herself out . leap -- land on Steve 's shoulder . her fang , wet with poison , glint just before she sink they into Steve 's throat . she bite ! 32 . Steve surge upward , he shout die in he throat . he stiffen , eye snap wide , and then crumple to the floor . Darren and Annie react as -- madam octa scurries off , disappear behind the curtain . darren ( to annie ) do not move . Annie freeze . Darren grab a baseball bat which lean in the corner . he reach out , poke at the curtain with it . madam octa drop down onto the window sill -- wham ! Wood crack as Darren bring down the bat , but madam octa be too quick . she disappear , leaping out the open window ! Darren pull it shut . he rush back to Steve , turn he over . Steve 's skin be already a deathly pale . darren Steve ... Annie reach out , take Steve 's hand . annie Darren , he 's freezing . darren get dad . go. CUT to : int . emergency room - day Hospital door bang OPEN as a gurney bear Steve be rush through . Darren and he dad follow with a doctor . doctor what kind of spider be it ? darren I think some kind of a tarantula . doctor where be it ? darren it get away . Darren 's dad hold up the camera . 33 . dad we have a picture of it . the doctor take it as a nurse meet the gurney . doctor anaphylactic shock . get Doctor Lund . and we need to download a photo to poison control . this be as far as Darren go . Steve be wheeled in , surround . syringe be draw , hand in . all we can see of Steve be one skinny arm hang out . push in on darren . sick for steve. scare . unaware that he world have only just start to crash down around he . CUT to : dr . lund - hospital corridor tough , no nonsense . march along , carry a print -out , come to a stop where Darren sit on a plastic chair . he stick the print - out into he face . the photo of madam octa . dr . lund how do you make this and why would you make this ? Darren 's Mom and dad start over from down the corridor . dr . lund poison control could not id it . in fact , the department of entomology at Harvard could not find it in they data base . so either it 's a new species or it 's a fake photo . dad if my son say he take that photo , then that 's the truth . Dr. Lund just stare at Darren . then : woman' voice what have you do to he ?! steve's mom approach , she eye on Darren . dishevel , cheap look , she have not quite start she hangover yet . she lunge past Darren 's dad , grab Darren by the shoulder . steve's mom do you hurt stevie ?! do you ?! 34 . she shake Darren hard . Darren 's dad get between they . she break down , sobbing . Darren 's mom try to soothe she as she moan about what a bad mother she be . dr . lund you friend 's go to die unless we find out what 's in he . on Darren . he look down to where light spill out from Steve 's room . his friend be go to die in there . match CUT to : int . darren be room - night Darren as he lay in bed , stare at the ceiling . his clock switch to 2:58 am . decide , Darren get out of bed . CUT to : ext . shan house - night dress , Darren climb out the window , start down . CUT to : ext . zeiterion theater - night Dead lonely as Darren approach , step up to the glass door . as he lean in to look into the lobby , the door give a little . it 's unlock . Darren push it open with a finger . CUT to : int . understage storage area - zeiterion - night Darren 's by the credenza where he hide . the coffin be go . darren hello ? CUT to : int . backstage area - night move with darren who come up from below and cross . stay with he as he part the curtain and come out on the ... zeiterion stage where he stop short , see in the center of the stage -- crepsley 's coffin . a beat and Darren step up . he grip the lid , start slide it back . he look inside to see -- 35 . madam octa perch on the side , stare back at he ! Darren stumble back . the coffin lid slam to the stage as Darren lose he foot , land on he butt . and then -- applause . one pair of hand create a hollow echo . crepsley sit alone in the middle of the theater . clap . and then he 's go ! only to reappear over Darren , offer a hand up . Darren scramble to he foot . a beat . crepsley what have you come for this time ? Darren pull out a crucifix , hold it in crepsley 's face . the vampire take it , look it over . it have no effect . darren cross do not hurt you ? crepsley why should they ? darren because ... you be evil . crepsley be I ? be vampire bat evil when they drink the blood of cow ? darren that 's different . bat be animal . crepsley so be I . so be you . we appetite do not make we evil . ( as Darren ponder ... ) why be you here ? darren you spider bit my friend Steve . crepsley shrug , toss Darren back he crucifix . darren he 's die . crepsley yes , well , boy who play with thing they do not understand can hardly complain if -- 36 . darren you have to help he ! crepsley the antidote to she poison be rare . expensive . why should someone as evil as I be waste it on Steve ? darren I will pay you back . if it take 50 year . whatever it cost . crepsley money do not interest I . darren there 's something you want . that 's why you be here wait for I . right ? crepsley 's surprised and pleased by Darren 's intuitiveness . crepsley the night Steve come below to speak to I , you be there . do you hear what we talk about ? darren he want to ... become like you . crepsley you do not just ' become ' a vampire . the change be too extreme . and if the shock do not kill you , you inexperience would . so you become one in stage . a half - vampire at first . with great strength than a human , but still able to go out in sunlight . you learn from a full vampire . do you understand ? darren I think so ... crepsley but you friend have bad blood . he 's no good . there 's no tell what he will become as he mature . darren I do not believe that someone can have bad blood . 37 . crepsley and yesterday you do not believe in vampire . regardless , I have leave the cirque . Left my protection . I need someone to protect I while I sleep . I need a apprentice . darren ( suddenly realize ) me? crepsley nod . darren you be crazy . there 's no way . crepsley then you friend will die . the word hang in the air . crepsley smile . crepsley you hardly have a choice . it 's you destiny . darren destiny ? that do not make sense . crepsley try this then . you be reckless enough to steal , responsible enough to come back for a friend . that 's enough for I . darren not for I . crepsley yes , well , destiny can not be explain . it must be live . now , you be waste my time . darren there 's gotta be another way . crepsley there be not . darren please ... he 's my friend . 38 . crepsley and he slip away while we argue . life or death ? yes or no ? darren you would never be able to trust I . if I get a chance for payback I would take it . crepsley yes or no ? thought rush , then stop . Darren finally just nod . crepsley raise he right hand . the nail be not especially long , but they look thick and sharp . crepsley take Darren 's hand , jab at he forefinger , draw blood . he dab off a drop , smell it , then taste it . crepsley you have good blood . crepsley lift he own leave hand . he press the nail of he right into the fleshy tip of he leave hand finger . then he use the leave nail to mark the right finger in the same way . blood drip down all ten finger . crepsley lift you hand . Darren do as he 's tell . crepsley dig all ten nail into all ten of Darren 's fingertip . Darren jerk back in pain . crepsley get use to pain . more lie ahead . he motion to he hand . Darren raise they , finger spread . crepsley press he fingertip to darren' . blood brother . as they eye lock , Darren frown at a alien sensation . crepsley the blood flow into you leave arm and out of you right . do you feel it ? get near you heart ? Darren nod , shiver . crepsley almost there . a force arc through Darren 's body . he scream , fall down . 39 . crepsley turn away , start to lick the blood from he fingertip . tries to block out Darren 's soft whimper . tries to block out any sympathy he feel . crepsley the world will start to slow down . you will become a witness of time . ( snap out of it ) you friend 's time be run out . he pull Darren to he foot . CUT to : ext . zeiterion theater - night they step out into the moonlight . Darren a little wobbly . crepsley take my arm . do not let go . Darren take hold . crepsley start to move . only it seem more like he 's still and the ground be move under he foot . Darren look about as the building begin to streak past , the road a blurred ribbon . the night have a weird chromatic look . the world move faster , crepsley and Darren slip past . a moment later and they be in the ... hospital parking lot crepsley pull loose Darren 's hand . they be still bleed . crepsley lick you finger . vampire spit will stop wound from bleed . Darren look at he finger , then around the lot . darren how would we get here ? crepsley it 's call flitting . which room be you friend in ? CUT to : int . hospital - steve's room - night tube run in and out of Steve . his breathe be labor . 40 . crepsley lean over he , roll up one of Steve 's eyelid . Darren watch as crespley look into Steve 's eye . crepsley we be in time . he still have a few minute leave . crepsley take a small amber vial from he pocket . he break a wax seal then pinch out a small blacken cork . he pull the drip line out of the iv catheter and empty a drop of the vial 's dark , viscous content inside . it swirl murkily , coloring the liquid on its way into Steve 's arm . a beat and then Steve seem to convulse , he arm and leg twitching . be he die ? darren what 's happen ? crepsley he be near death . the journey back be not pleasant . what do you know about he , this boy with bad blood ? darren he 's my friend . crepsley hmm ... who 's he father ? darren never meet he . I do not think Steve ever do either . why do you want to know ? and then Steve come around . he open he eye , focus on Darren for a moment . he look puzzle . steve Darren ? and then he drift off , asleep . his breathe grow deeper , steadier . Darren realize he 's go to be okay . crepsley will you come with I now or do you have thing to set in order first ? that 's when it really hit home . he 's agree to leave every - thing and go off with a vampire . without really think , Darren start back toward the door , he eye on crepsley . 41 . crepsley I see ... Darren 's almost to the door . crepsley stay where he be . crepsley run if you want . it will not help . you be a creature of the night now , Darren shan . Darren turn and bolt leave crepsley alone . chuckle , the vampire tuck Steve 's cover up under he chin . CUT to : ext . hospital door - night bursting OPEN as Darren charge out . running for he life . CUT to : int . darren be room - morning Darren asleep in he bed . the door open and he mom enter . mom Darren ... wake up , honey . Darren wake with a start as she give he a little shake . as he look about , wonder what reality he 's in . mom I just get off the phone . great news . Steve 's go to be okay . darren what ? mom the hospital say it 's a miracle . be it a dream ? Darren look down at he hand . on the tip of each finger and two thumb be small round white scar . Darren instinctively hug he mom . she think he 's overjoy , can not see he look of terror . she hug he back . mom yeah , it 's great news . I know how you feel . CUT to : 42 . ext . the shan house - day the door open and Darren step out . he take a long look up and down the street . nervous . then he see the sun up in the sky . relaxes a little . right ... vampire ... Sun . he take a step down the stair when ... from out of the bush ... someone leap ! annie boo ! Darren nearly jump out of he skin . Annie laugh . annie get you ! I finally get you ! - Darren turn on she , look like he could kill she . darren do not ever do that again . Annie 's smile drop away . as Darren continue on ... CUT to : int . hallway - school - day Darren walk along , feel isolate as he move past the other student . everything seem weird , off . a couple of kide rush past he go into a classroom . then a couple more come the other way . kid hey , shan , you gotta see this . they duck into the classroom . Darren follow . science lab twenty or so kide all press around the boa constrictor tank . Steve hold court . steve . Doctor say it be a miracle . they say I be unique -- Steve spot Darren as he step up in the back . steve hey , Darren . I have be look for you . we get a lot to talk about . 43 . darren yeah ? steve but first ... Steve hold out a fist . a mouse poke its head out through a open in the hand . its whisker twitch . as Darren look from the mouse to the snake ... Steve address the kid do he best ' Mr. tall ' . he try to be entertaining , but he come off creepy . steve welcome to cirque du Steve . what happen to we all can happen to any of we . if you watch , it 's by you own free will . say farewell ... heft mouse .to crepsley the mouse . Darren react to the name . Steve lower he hand into the terrarium . some kid already look away , other be intent . darren stop -- Steve hesitates . Darren push to the front . darren it 's cruel . steve it 's nature . anyhow do not watch . ( to kide ) and do not blink ; you might miss it . Steve set the mouse in the terrarium . the mouse take a few tentative step . move toward a corner away from the ... snake who 's suddenly alert . it raise its head , flick its tongue . coil back on itself . zap ! the snake strike ... and Darren dart down he hand ! catch the snake just below its head , out of mid-air , out of mid-strike . impossible ! the snake twist in Darren 's hand . the student be blow away . Steve 's eye narrow , he wheel be turn . the bell ring . moment over . kid hurry out to class . 44 . Darren scoops up the mouse , drop the snake back in . as he start out , Steve cut he off . steve what happen to the spider ? darren I kill it . Steve hesitates , process , look Darren over . steve I have a dream . you and crepsley be in my hospital room ... darren tell I about it later . Darren start away . Steve grab he hard , spin he around . steve I will tell you now . Darren react instinctively , grab Steve with he free hand and slam he against the wall . Steve 's nearly off the ground , only he leave toe touch . darren I say later . Darren let go , head off . Steve watch , wonder . CUT to : ext . street - darren' neighborhood - day Darren walk home , hand in pocket . Annie come up behind . annie Darren ! wait up ! he look over he shoulder , keep go . annie can I walk home with you ? he soften , slow down . after a few silent step . darren get you something . Darren pull the mouse from he pocket . Annie love it , cup it in she hand . 45 . annie he 's adorable . annie &amp ; darren - a creature's Pov come in low and fast . STREET Annie scream as a german shepherd charge , stop just short of they . growling like it be rabid . like it hate Darren . Darren step between it and Annie . Darren 's pupil dilate oddly ; he curl he lip to show he own tooth . the dog start to back off .. annie hey . that 's King . darren no it 's not . King 's my buddy . annie that 's King , Darren . it be . Darren realize it be King . as Darren realize something 's wrong with Darren .. another growl . from down the street . Darren look back as a black 1966 lincoln prowl through the intersection . the one see at school . it slow , window black out . as it continue , disappear from view ... darren come on . as Darren hurry Annie along down the street ... CUT to : int . kitchen - shan house - night Darren at the kitchen table do he math homework . his Mom make dinner , chopping vegetable at the sink . mom how be school today ? darren the usual . sometimes it be boring , sometimes really boring . Darren 's mom laugh . then ... 46 . mom ouch ! she drop the knife on the cut board . a thick drop of blood run down she finger . Darren flinch at the sight and in that moment we punch into he eye . the pupil swirl red ; the irise flatten and narrow . a dark , ravenous look . mom - darren' Pov holding up she finger . her skin tone recede back into gray , the blood pulsing with red vibrancy . alive . a target . darren stand at the blood 's seem siren call . but as he suddenly move forward , she turn away . Darren stop as she wrap she finger in a paper towel . she look back at he : misunderstand he hunger for concern . mom it 's okay , honey . I just need a band - aid . Darren look at he mom 's neck . his eye zero in on a little blue vein pulsing away . she leave the room to get a band - aid . as Darren 's horror sink in ... CUT to : int . bathroom - shan house - night Darren look at he reflection in the mirror . look for reassurance . he curl he lip , check he tooth . they look normal . he reach out . try to reach himself . his hand come to a stop against the glass . his nail click hard against the surface . he scrape the nail of he forefinger along the glass . it leave a deep scratch . Darren start to freak a little . his breath get rag . he try to get a hold of himself , look back in the mirror . darren you be different ... CUT to : 47 . int . zeiterion theater - stage - night Darren walk down a aisle , climb up onto the empty stage . Dark , but Darren move calmly , like it be noon . darren hello ? hey ! crepsley appear . Darren turn , see he . a beat . crepsley raise he hand to the gloom around they . crepsley the darkness be not so scary anymore , be it ? darren I be start to think it 's I that 's scary . crepsley wait to hear more . darren it 's only gonna get worse , be not it ? there 's no way back , be there ? no magic potion to make I human again ? crepsley shake he head . Darren nod that he understand . darren we make a deal . I will not run away again . crepsley it 's neither here nor there , but , I do feel sorry for you . Darren wave it off , do not want to hear it . crepsley be you ready then ? the night be young . we can make many mile . darren I can not just -- my family , I can not let they think I just leave they . or that something happen to I . my mother would ... she could not ... as Darren trail off , crepsley really do look sympathetic . crepsley there 's only one thing for it . 48 . darren what ? crepsley we will have to kill you . CUT to : ext . live room - shan house - night Darren 's parent watch CNN . Darren come in . darren I be go to bed . they say ' good night ' to he . impulsively , Darren kiss he dad on the cheek , then do the same to he mom . darren I love you both . I do not say it that much , but I do . Darren 's Mom be catch off guard , but happy to hear it . mom we love you , too . do not we , Tommy ? dad of course we do . Darren look at they a beat , then smile , satisfied . darren good night . they watch he go , then exchange look . dad ( shrug ) kid . who know how they think ? CUT to : int . anniee room - night Annie asleep already . Darren enter , pull he sister 's blanket up , tuck it under she chin . he whisper : darren Goodbye , knucklehead . if I can ever help you , I will . CUT to : 49 . int . darren be room - night Darren enter to find crepsley sit at he desk . he hold a small dark bottle between he finger ( different than the one he give to Steve ) . as crepsley 's about to speak ... darren shut up . off crepsley 's reaction ... darren this be my home and I be never gonna see it again , so do not rush I . crepsley make a motion to zip he lip . all the same , he stand , unscrew the bottle as Darren take a last look around . he take a photo of he family off the dresser . darren hold onto this for I , okay ? crepsley take the photo , offer Darren the bottle in return . Darren sniff , recoil at the foul smell . darren you be sure it will work ? crepsley open the window . crepsley you heart will slow down so drastically they will not find a pulse . with the fall from the window , they will think you be dead . darren what if I break bone ? crepsley even better . they will mend in a few day . vampire do not stay break for long and it take a very long fall to kill one . darren and the funeral home ? wo not they embalm I or something ? crepsley do not worry . I have way of make my thought become the thought of other . they will leave you alone . 50 . crepsley gesture to the window . know the plan , Darren climb out , he foot rest on the trellis . he look to the ground , back to crepsley as a odd think hit he . darren my dad 's allergic to grass . it 's my job to cut the lawn . crepsley you have a new job now . drink . Darren steel himself , gulp it down , hand the bottle back . darren so this be destiny , huh ? tastes like crap . Darren body seize up . he let go , but crepsley grab he . crepsley you breathe be slow , you heart as well . do you feel it ? Darren can not answer . he blink he eye ' yes ' instead . crepsley you may be aware of what 's go on around you . remember , the grief that you hear will be a release for that who express it . Darren 's eye drift shut . crepsley let he go . CUT to : ext . shan house - night Darren fall , crash through the trellis and thump into the lawn . crepsley look down from the window , then disappear . close on Darren lie face down in the grass . cricket chirp . Beyond , a neighbor walk he dog . the dog suddenly turn in the direction of Darren , pull on its leash . neighbor no , no , come on -- the neighbor stop short as he see the body . neighbor hey -- hey , kid -- he roll Darren over , realize something be very wrong . 51 . we stay on Darren , the dog sniff at he as the neighbor disappear toward the front door . we hear he fist pound . a moment later , Darren 's father be there . he look at Darren , up to the open window , realize he fall . a instant later , he 's on he knee , cradling he son . dad Darren ? Darren ! a moment later he Mom ... mom Darren ! oh my God ! we be still on Darren 's face , he eye open a slit . darren' Pov his parent hover over he in despair . the star twinkle . the neighbor lean in . neighbor be he dead ? CUT to : int . morgue - night Darren 's body on a stainless steel table . the medical examiner shake he head sadly , look to he assistant . medical examiner Cause of death be trauma from the impact of the fall . poor kid . assistant be we do a autopsy ? a new angle reveal crepsley watch from around a darken corner . crepsley ( whisper ) not on a child . immediately ... medical examiner I be not go to cut open a kid . not when I do not have to . CUT to : 52 . int . funeral home - early evening Darren in he coffin , wear a suit . aware as ... Friends and family pass by . the sound of people cry . two cute girl from school lean in . girl one he 's still cute . girl two I always have a crush on he . the goalie from school soccer be next . he hold a little soccer ball in he hand . tuck it into the coffin . goalie for the next life , shan . top right corner every time . Annie step up , gently stroke she brother 's cheek . then suddenly overwhelm , she bury she face in they dad 's chest . he lean in tenderly over he son . choke up : dad I love you , Darren . you say it the other night ; I do not say it back . CUT to : ext . funeral home - night people leave . visit hour be over . CUT to : darren in he coffin a hand reach down , a thumb open he eyelid . darren' Pov of the ceiling for a moment , then a blind light flash back and forth . then glimpsis of Steve 's face ! visiting room Steve hold Darren 's eye open , shine a penlight into it . the pupil do not dilate . footstep approach . Steve switch it off , pocket it as the funeral director enter . 53. director I be sorry . I know it 's difficult , but visit hour be over . Steve nod sadly , look to Darren . he pat one of Darren 's hand which be fold across he chest . in reality Steve check Darren 's fingertip . a white scar at the end of each one . Steve 's crazy idea may be confirm . CUT to : ext . cemetery - day Darren 's coffin be lower into the ground . minister ash to ash , dust to dust , in sure and certain hope of the resurrection to come ... Darren 's dad toss a handful of earth down onto the coffin . CUT to : darren inside the close coffin the lid a inch from he face . his eyelid twitching as we hear shovelful of dirt hit the lid . the sound grow duller at each turn . then , as Darren 's eye flicker open ... CUT to : ext . cemetery - night moonless . the sound of digging continue . only now , dirt be come out of the hole rather than go in . crepsley be digging the coffin back up . effortlessly . finally , he spread he foot apart , pull open the lid . Darren sputter as some of the dirt spill onto he face . crepsley reach down , pull he up and out of the grave . Darren sit on the ground , cough then moan . crepsley on you foot . darren my leg be asleep . 54 . crepsley pull he up anyhow . Darren stumble a few step , nearly fall before find he balance . crepsley walk it off . I will fill this back in . go. breathe some air . crepsley close the coffin , begin to fill the hole as Darren amble off . not exactly the start of he best day . move with darren pass among the grave , stretch he arm , twist . really beat up . he look about , the name and date on the headstone pop into focus even from far away . night vision . suddenly he become aware of something : Steve . on the other side of a mausoleum . ten foot away . darren what be you do here ? steve ( smile ; close in ) vampire hunt . Steve rush the last step , a jag wooden stake hold high over he head . he knock Darren back on the ground . pounce on top , he bring down the stake . Darren catch hold of Steve 's wrist . stop the point of the stake just over he heart . Steve put he weight into it . a desperate moment of struggle , but Darren 's strength be resurgent . he throw Steve off . Steve roll to he foot , come at he again . Darren catch he wrist with one hand , he throat with the other . he slam he up against the mausoleum , hold he there . darren what do you have against vampire ? you want to become one yourself . steve yeah , I want to , but you do . you steal my dream . you steal my destiny . darren be you crazy ? I do it to save you life . that be the deal . I for you . 55 . steve ( unhinging ) liar . you tell he I be evil . you plan this all along . and you will pay ! you will pay -- Darren jam the stake under Steve 's throat . that stop he struggle . the point jab he as he swallow . darren I want you to leave ... Steve be just beginning to realize how strong Darren be now . darren I want you to leave and forget you ever see I . understand ? scare , he nod . Darren shove he away , brake the stake in two . Steve head away , look back over he shoulder . steve I be go to hunt you , Darren . you and the other one . crepsley . I will put a stake in you and burn you to ash . I will make sure you never come back from the grave again . wham . Steve walk right into crepsley . he pick Steve up by the shoulder , pull he close . with a voice like death ... crepsley if we ever meet again , I will show you loneliness you cannot imagine . Steve tremble in fear . crepsley let go . Steve take off run . crepsley look to Darren . crepsley do you still question he blood ? darrenthoughtful , do not know what to think . darren would a stake through the heart kill a vampire ? crepsley yes . but so would get hit by a truck if it be go fast enough . Steve finally disappear from sight . crepsley sigh . 56 . crepsley he will be trouble before it 's over . darren before what 's over ? crepsley this adventure we're on . shall we start ? Darren hesitates , look to the twinkle light of he city . crepsley you will get use to it after awhile . vampire be always say goodbye . a beat , then Darren look back at he . darren let 's go . CUT to : the SUN as it blister up into , then rise above the horizon . sunrise . ominous if you be a full vampire . CUT to : ext . rural ohio motel - sunrise on the edge of the highway . silhouett against the sun . CUT to : int . motel room - sunrise Darren jam a roll towel along the bottom of a close door . darren how 's that ? Dark enough ? crepley' voice ( on the other side ) better . darren it 's sunrise . crepley' voice I know the time . I know more about the sunrise than anyone alive . 57 . crespley sound irritate . Darren get mischievous . darren maybe I will wait until noon and then open every door and curtain in the place . a long tense silence as Darren await crepsley 's reply . motel bedroom crepsley be a shadow among the shadow . he climb into bed . crepsley yes , sunlight would kill I . my electron be different than a human' . but it would take several hour of exposure . I would have plenty of time to kill you before I close the curtain and go back to bed . crepsley pull the blanket up over he head . motel live room as Darren consider this ... CUT to : doorway - later Darren do pull-up , a hand on either side of the top jamb . darren 242 ... 243 ... 244 ... it 's almost effortless . bore rather than tired , Darren drop to he foot . ( he still wear he burial suit . ) CUT to : ext . motel courtyard - afternoon Darren watch the car go by on the highway , spot ... darren Minnesota ... Darren jot this state down on a list he 's keep . about twenty state license plate so far . CUT to : 58 . int . couch - motel room - sunset a tv dron . Darren asleep . bath in a golden glow that flicker out as the sun set . the bedroom door open . crepsley step over , look down at he snoozing assistant . crepsley clap he hand together , nearly against Darren 's ear . crepsley smile as Darren jolt awake . CUT to : ext . shopping mall parking lot - night get late , store close . the parking lot nearly empty . Darren and crepsley be on a walk and talk . crepsley we can die violently . accidentally or otherwise . but we also grow old . a full vampire will age one year for every ten human year he 's alive . a half - vampire like you : one for every five . darren I do not understand . crepsley I be bear in 1774 . I become -- crepsley look back to where Darren have stop short . darren 1774 ? crepsley should we do the math or not ? Darren nod . crepsley motion he to keep up . crepsley I become a vampire when I be 20 year old . in 1794 . darren 1794 ? crepsley in Paris . the day of the terror . head in basket . guillotine up and down all day . really when human put they mind to it , we vampire can hardly compete . 59 . Darren 's stare jog he back from the good old day . crepsley math. 1794 . so I have be a vampire now for 211 year . hmm ? Darren nod again , still with he . crepsley I age 1 year for every 10 , so , 211 divide by 10 , I have age about 21 year in that time . that 21 plus my first human 20 make I look about 40 . darren but altogether you be 211 plus 20 . you be really 231 year old . crepsley exactly . you be go to be a teenager for a very long time . they walk on a few step as Darren think this over . darren where do you keep you car anyhow ? crepsley what car ? darren the one you be drive around my town in . the old black one . crepsley I have never own a car , Darren . I do not need one . darren it be near school one day . it follow I home a few day later . crepsley and you see I behind the wheel ? darren I could not see who be drive . crepsley it be not I . as Darren consider this , crepsley stop suddenly . 60 . crepsley there ... ahead : just more parking lot . a woman exite a bookstore . darren what ? crepsley dinner . CUT to : ext . parking lot - night the woman near she car . a chirp as she unlock it with she remote . she open the back door , set the book bag on the seat . suddenly she turn , like someone call she name . woman yes ? only nobody 's there . she shrug it off , close the back door . but hesitates at the driver 's side door . then she start walk away , toward a back area of load dock . CUT to : darren &amp ; crepsley watch from a dumpster by the load dock . she walk right toward they . one look at crepsley 's face and we know he must be willing she over . Darren look terrify . but the air shimmer and crepsley have disappear . the woman step up , stop across from Darren . as she frown , try to figure out who he be and how she get here ... darren go. run. but crepsley appear beside she . he ' breathes ' into he hand , ' guide ' the air into she face . he catch she as she pass out . Darren be horrify . darren do you kill she ? crepsley I put she to sleep . she will be like this 15 minute . when she wake up , she will not remember a thing . 61 . crepsley ease she to the ground , find a vein on she wrist . darren will she become a vampire ? crepsley no . she would have to share y blood for that to happen . darren do not take too much . crepsley a vampire who feed often can control himself . one who drink only when he must can end up feed wildly . he use one of he fingernails to open the vein . crepsley the hunger inside we must be feed to be control . to be civilized . it 's what separate we from ... the other . darren what other ? but as blood ooze , he take the woman 's wrist to he mouth . Darren be repulse , but can not look away . crepsley take a few deep swallow , then hold the wrist out to Darren . crepsley you turn . darren no . I will not . crepsley Darren ... darren I will never do it . crepsley run he tongue over the cut , rub the saliva in . crepsley you can lead a vampire to blood , but you can not make he drink . darren I be only half - vampire . 62 . crepsley no matter , you need blood to live now . you will drink eventually . when you be hungry enough . the wrist be clean , the cut go . a barely perceptible scar . darren I will die first . crepsley ( anger flashing ) do not be stupid . you may abstain tonight , but you must feed soon . crepsley stand to go , then stop short . tense , he look about , more hunt animal than man . as he shrug it off . darren what be it ? as the woman start to stir ... crepsley nothing . let 's go . darren something out there scare you . what be it ? crepsley the think of spend another minute with you . crepsley turn and walk , but Darren 's right . CUT to : int . hamburger joint - night the waitress set a juicy burger down across from Darren . crepsley sit across from he . crepsley we still need to eat food , too . I just do not need it tonight . Darren just sit there . silently as tear begin to run down he cheek . crepsley be exasperate . crepsley now what ? 63. darren the blood ... I want it . I want to drink it . crepsley of course you do ! you be a crepsley catch himself . he be not without some compassion . crepsley I be sorry . it be wrong of I to blood you . you be too young . but it 's do . like the entire history of the world up to this moment . Darren quietly cry . crepsley pull two paper napkin from the dispenser , hand they to he . darren thank you . Darren turn to face the window as he wipe he eye , nose . then he see it : park across and down the street ... a black 1966 lincoln Continental . Darren look back at crepsley . crepsley ( re : hamburger ) eat. let 's not waste anymore food tonight . darren the car ... crepsley follow the finger as Darren point . ding ding ! the bell over the diner door ring ... close on darren as he look back over he shoulder at the door . darren' Pov mr. tiny come through the front door pimpin' . Peter lorre on steroid . scary , do up like a Las Vegas high roller . table Darren know trouble when he see it . he look back at crepsley , but the vampire be go ! vanish . 64 . mr. tiny ( stepping up ) Darren shan , we meet at last . Darren just look up at he . the guy be practically leak nastiness no matter how avuncular he try to be . mr. tiny you be quite a boy . sacrifice everything to save a friend . darren where would you hear that ? mr. tiny a little bat tell I . Mr. tiny take a french fry off Darren 's plate , eat it . Darren look around . where the hell do crepsley go at a time like this ? Mr. tiny know what he 's think . mr. tiny oh , he 's still here . darren who be ? mr. tiny crepsley . try to stay alive . it 's so quiet around they Darren can hear a clock ticking . it 's a heart shape pocket watch Mr. tiny hold on a chain . mr. tiny would you like to see ? darren see what ? the air seem to buzz as something ' pass ' . mr. tiny why the fight of course . boy like to watch fight , do not they ? Mr. tiny heft he watch . it almost seem to melt into he palm . as he pull the wind knob out with a click ... as Darren and Mr. tiny blink out , disappear from the booth ... CUT to : 65 . int . hamburger joint - night ( in the flitting world ) Darren and Mr. tiny reappear in the booth , but the restaurant 's patron be slowed to near motionlessness . a battle royal go on . crepsley fight three vampaneze . all three be sinewy , whipcord with blotchy purple skin . crepsley stand surround in the middle of the restaurant . whirl , hand fight . block they thrust and blow . Darren move to stand . Mr. tiny push he back to he seat . crepsley take one down with a violent leg whip . he drive the second one back into the third knock both back . a look to Darren and then he 's back on leg whip who 's get to he foot . crepsley drive he flat hand forward , he nail tear into the vampaneze 's throat . as leg whip 's hand instinctively go to he throat to stem the blood , crepsley grab he free hand , send he airborne . CUT to : int . hamburger joint - night ( real world ) as leg whip ' unflit ' . the patron react to he soar over the counter , slamm into the wall -- CUT to : int . hamburger joint - night ( in the flitting world ) the patron near freeze again . leg whip slide ever so slowly down the wall . crepsley and sinewy one &amp ; two fighting at full speed . sinewy one pull crepsley 's arm up behind he back . crepsley howling as we hear the bone break . Mr. tiny grab Darren by the wrist , pull he toward the door . behind they ... crepsley drive the back of he head into sinewy one 's face at the same time as sinewy two swing in he open palm ... sinewy one release crepsley who disappear as sinewy two slice open sinewy one 's throat . as Mr. tiny pull Darren out the door ... CUT to : 66 . int . hamburger joint - night ( real world ) crepsley appear . leg whip hit the floor . blood splashes the wall as sinewy one appear , drop to he knee . as leg whip stand , crepsley charge , ' shoulder ' he halfway through the wall . patron scream , react , scatter . as crepsley grab a knife ... CUT to : ext . hamburger joint - parking lot - night ( flitting world ) Darren struggle as Mr. tiny pull he along . behind , through the diner window , we see patron freeze in flight . sinewy two near freeze in fight with crepsley who be in mid swing with the knife in he head . Mr. tiny and Darren stop across from young murlough . humanoid in shape , monstrous in visage . bloat , he skin albino white with purplish mottle and red crisscross vein . he must weigh 300 pound , but NFL nose tackle style . murlough smell the blood . the lovely blood . his eye narrow at the sight of crepsley , he mouth widen to show two row of sharp filthy tooth . Darren need to do something . he eye the watch in Mr. tiny 's hand . he grab it with he free hand , thumb back in the wind knob . as murlough disappear from view ... the window explode as sinewy two hurtle out . Darren toss the watch high in the air . Mr. tiny release he to move to catch it . Darren rush back toward the restaurant . Mr. tiny catch he watch . crepsley meet Darren . crepsley 's break arm hang uselessly from he side . murlough appear alongside . he grab crepsley by the throat , lift he off the ground . crepsley arc the knife into murlough 's shoulder . murlough stagger , let go . 67 . crepsley take Darren 's hand and they flit , disappear . CUT to : ext . STREET - night ( in the flitting world ) Beyond the hamburger joint . the world beginning to streak past they . the asphalt begin to blur beneath they foot , pass car like they be stand still . but crepsley heave for breath . in pain . Darren look back over he shoulder ... darren' Pov murlough follow . close ground . darren &amp ; crepsley darren it 's behind we ! crepsley bear down , the building streaking by . but ... murlough close regardless , relentless , death in he eye . crepsley almost out of gas . but look ahead . clock in a instant : a red light ahead . Cars stop . a car frozen have just cross the intersection . headlight from a blind corner . crepsley slow . just as murlough 's about to catch he from behind ... crepsley come out of flit mode , disappear . as murlough fade after he . CUT to : ext . intersection - night ( real world ) Darren and crepsley appear on the far side of the crossing . murlough come out of flit in the center . wham ! the headlight crepsley see freeze , but come from the blind corner , become a pick - up - broadside murlough ! he go up over the hood , smashes against the windshield . as Darren and murlough disappear again ... 68 . the pick - up brake . murlough do not . he tumble off the hood , sprawl hard into and skid along the street . a beat and he roll to a sit position , look around . no crepsley in sight . blood run out of one of he ear . as he wipe it , smear it across he cheek ... pick - up driver ( rushing over ) hey , man , be you okay ?! he stop short when he see murlough 's face . murlough stand , swat the driver aside . the lincoln screech to a halt alongside he . murlough climb in . the lincoln tear away . CUT to : ext . state highway - dawn the sky get lighter . a sign : now enter Pennsylvania . the air shimmer as something flit past ... whoooshh ! CUT to : ext . hunting cabin - wood - dawn board up . abandon . clutch he arm , Mr. crepsley kick at the door , splinter it . open " a gap . Darren reach through , unlock it . as they step inside , the first ray of the sun appear through the tree . CUT to : int . root cellar - dawn crepsley climb down a few step , close the door behind he . barely any light , but some . crepsley find a blanket . a rug . cover it . CUT to : int . hunting cabin - dawn Darren drag a carpet over the root cellar door in the floor . root cellar it go black except for a glint in crepsley 's eye . he sigh , settles down on the ground . worn out . 69 . darren' voice be you okay ? crepsley my arm 's break . but it should be fine in a day or two . intercut the following : sunlight fill the kitchen . Darren sit , exhaust . darren who be they ? vampire ? crepsley no . the one with the watch be Mr. tiny . very dangerous . darren how dangerous can a man name Mr. tiny be ? crepsley who say he be a man ? darren then what be he ? crepsley Mr. tiny can not be explain . he need to be experience . darren ( frustrate ) and the purple guy . what be he ? crepsley a vampaneze . darren yeah ? keep talk . crepsley Long ago human be look upon as animal by some vampire . cattle to be slaughter . law be pass to forbid needless kill . it make it easier to pass unnotice among human if we do not murder they . most vampire obey ... darren but some do not ? 70 . crepsley seventy vampire break away , declare themselves a separate race . the vampaneze . over time they appearance change , they number grow . they believe it 's wrong to feed from a human without kill it . darren what ? that 's crazy . crepsley they believe that of we who feed in small amount live like leech . in shame . it lead to war . crepsley touch the scar on he face , remember . crepsley the last one nearly destroy we all . there 's be a truce for many year now . ( a beat ) will you be alright while I sleep ? Darren look around at the dilapidate crap heap he 's in . as he try to hold he heart together ... darren oh yeah ... this be so much better than where I use to be ... crepsley hear the strain in he voice . know what 's best for both of they .. crepsley what do you think of rejoining the cirque du freak ? until you get on you vampire foot so to speak . darren half vampire . crepsley yes , yes . Three - eighths if you want . what do you think ? as Darren think ... CUT to : 71 . ext . mr. tall airstream trailer - night the cirque be campe by a abandoned factory . Neo - gothic in scale and mood . lit up for a performance . Mr. tall , pull on he jacket , shout order . mr. tall show time in twenty minute . someone tell rhamus to get he stomach in gear ! he 's surprised to see crepsley and Darren walk up the road . crepsley 's arm seem much better now . mr. tall larten ' crepsley ! as I live and breathe . I think it would be year before I see you again . Mr. tall look to Darren , throw a surprised look to crepsley . crepsley nod . ' yes ' . mr. tall Darren shan . you have come a long way since the last time I see you . darren I like it better where I be . mr. tall I be sure . crepsley do you still have my coffin ? mr. tall of course . you be really back ? ( crepsley nods ) perhaps you could do the show tonight ? a few of we be absent or ill this evening . crepsley I would be delighted . mr. tall Mr. shan will have to pull he weight as well . I will give he to evra . evra ! evra ! ( looking about ) I hope I have not go from one unreliable boy to two . 72 . evra arrive . the snake boy from the first cirque show . mr. tall evra , my industrious wonder . here be Darren . put he to work with you . show he the snakey rope . as the two boy consider each other ... mr. tall off with you . go ! as the boy head off , Mr. tall look over at crepsley . mr. tall you blooded a child , larten ? what be you think ? crepsley you do not approve ? mr. tall I do not matter . what will the vampire general say when they hear about it ? crepsley I be no longer part of they domain . mr. tall so you say . they may disagree . CUT to : ext . cirque camp - night as Darren and evra make they way through . evra what do you do ? I ? I be a snake boy . I do a whole snake thing . evra go into a slithery snake walk for a few step to illustrate . it 's strange . funny . evra look back over . darren do you eat mouse ? evra Big mac actually . they share a laugh . evra ' high fives ' Darren . fast friend . 73 . as they continue , Darren look at the palm of he hand . a few of evra 's scale have come off and be stick there . darren I catch you act in the last town . pretty cool . evra thanks . I be not do it tonight . my snake catch a cold . darren snake can catch cold ? evra nod , then sneeze himself . evra still gotta work the floor though . usher . we get the seat fill . they pass people all hurriedly crossing the camp . darren who be they all ? evra the backbone of cirque du freak . they do the drive , the tent pitching , the potato peel even . darren how do they end up here ? evra most wander in . if Mr. tall like they , they stay . Darren 's eye be catch by the wolfman . he 's be push toward the factory building by several of the blue - robe little people . the wolfman 's yellow eye be on Darren as he rumble a low , guttural growl . Darren be so take that he almost walk into ... madam truska . he stop short . in costume , beardless , even more beautiful than when we first see she . she consider Darren , use a finger to raise he chin . she shake she head , smile . as she continue ... CUT to : 74 . int . factory space - night a odd set , but it work well . stripped , rag , weird . feel like a rave . the lighting dramatic , the concrete wall ominous . patron take they seat around a stage . a buzz in the air . debbie &amp ; SAM about the same age as Darren and evra , they be here for the show . Debbie be self - assure . Sam be sarcastic to cover he insecurity . right now it 's hard to find a seat . and here be Darren and evra . evra look cool in he green sharkskin , Darren still wear he burial suit . evra can we help you find a seat ? debbie be there any leave ? evra only the best seat in the house . he lead they a few step over toward a column . debbie you guy be with the cirque ? Darren nod . Sam 's a little sarcastic and skeptical . SAM cirque be french , right ? be you guy french ? evra oui . vous ete observateur . nous somme les serpent frangais . that slow Sam a beat . evra point out a small platform eight foot up the column . you have to climb a natural re-bar ladder to get there . Sam look dubious , but Debbie smile . debbie cool ... I be Debbie , this be Sam . evra evra von . she look at Darren , wait . 75 . darren oh , I be Darren . debbie be the show great ? say yes . we have to sneak out to see it . darren I snuck out to see it once , too . and I be still here . a odd , almost spooky moment . be he serious ? SAM good one , Darren . hey. Debbie and Darren . like bonnie and clyde . and they friend evra von what ? that break the moment . Debbie start climb the re-bar . Sam look Darren over a beat , pick a thread off he lapel . SAM dude , it look like the kind of suit you would wear to a funeral . darren you have no idea ... evra smile , stick out he tongue . pointy , narrow , evra send it up he own nostril . Sam try to smile , then start up after Debbie . freak out . as Darren and evra laugh ... CUT to : int . the stage - night Mr. tall under a spotlight . back in he red hat and glove . mr. tall welcome to the cirque du freak . we be a ancient circus . bring the remarkable to generation ... back row Darren and evra watch from the back , whisper to each other . darren how long have you know Mr. tall ? evra five year . 76 . darren how do you meet someone like he ? evra I be raise in a circus , but not a nice one like this . the owner use to beat I and keep I in a glass cage . I feel like a useless freak . one night I look out of my cage and see Mr. tall just stand there . he watch I until the owner come over and ask if he could help he . Mr. tall grab he by the throat and strangle he to death . then he open the cage and say , " let 's go , evra . " he name I that . I add the von . I have be with he ever since . Darren look back at Mr. tall with a new set of eye . crepsley' voice Darren ... Darren turn . crepsley 's back there in the shadow . crepsley how do you feel about show business ? CUT to : int . the stage - night the audience react as crepsley ' appear ' on the empty stage . crepsley to be poison by a spider may be my fate . it 's Darren 's cue . look appropriate in he burial suit , he walk out carry madam octa 's cage at arm 's length . debbie &amp ; SAM as she realize it 's Darren . cool . stage Darren see Debbie who give a little wave . as he smile ... crepsley look glum ... miserable ... 77 . Darren lose the grin . crepsley open the cage . madam octa step to the open . crespley raise the flute , play . madam octa walk out and up to Darren 's shoulder where she attaches a web thread . the audience react as she leap to crepsley 's shoulder and attaches the other end . she dance across to the music , spin a web as she go . Darren look out , see how much Debbie enjoy it . CUT to : ext . the moon - night set against the black sky . spark rise up , they source unknown . all very mysterious until ... laughter . lot of it . borderline raucous . we follow the spark down to ... a bonfire blaze in the cirque campground . the freak be eat , drink wine , relax after the show . like a gypsy camp . Mr. tall sit with he long leg up on a box , really enjoy watch everyone else enjoy themselves . evra munch on a sausage he grill on the end of a stick . Darren be all ear and eye . he like this people . and he 's certainly never experience anything like this . someone start to play a guitar , someone else beat a drum . madam truska start to dance , the fire flicker against she as be all eye . then she reach out , take crepsley by the hand . a few moment later , the two of they be engage in a mad tango . it take the camp 's collective breath away . even Darren can not help but enjoy it . crepsley 's arm give he a twinge or two , but only truska notice . CUT to : ext . a old van - night a mattress on the floor inside . use tape and cardboard , Darren ' black out ' the window . crepsley step over . darren almost do . crepsley look to the sky . still dark . the moon set . crepsley Darren ... ( Darren look over ) ( more ) 78 . crepsley ( cont 'd ) I be not go to sleep here . we will find a nook in the factory . crepsley start off . Darren start to follow . crespley mattress . Darren sigh , go back to the van to retrieve the mattress . he start to pull it out , then stop , nearly double over . concerned , crepsley step over . Darren wave he off , straighten as whatever it be pass . darren I just feel sick for a second . crepsley you need blood . Darren give he a dirty look , grab the mattress . they start walk toward the factory . CUT to : ext . factory - night the shadow of a load dock . crepsley and Darren approach . darren you think Mr. tiny might come ? crepsley shrug , do not answer . darren who be he ? what do he want ? crepsley what we want be who we be , do not you think ? darren can not you give I a straight answer just once ?! crepsley you will not learn by I tell you . you must live some thing to know what they be . Darren sigh in deep frustration . crepsley have a think . crepsley okay . why do you like spider ? 79 . Darren tire to figure what he 's get at ? imply ? crepsley do you ever think there be a particular reason ? it seem crepsley know the answer even if Darren do not . darren no . I never think about it . crepsley that 's the trouble with child . they do not think about thing . darren I be not a child . theystop by the shadow . crepsley be you a man ? if you be not a man , you be a child . darren I be in between . crepsley in between do not exist ! the word echo a moment . Darren no closer to understanding . crepsley I will sleep in here tonight . but sit outside the van tomorrow and make it look like I be there . it 's just caution . Old habit die hard . voice and old vampire ? without a sound , someone have reach around the two of they from behind , a razor - knife hold to each of they throat . they stand dead still . we can make out the shape of a head as whoever it be lean in ever so slightly from the dark . crepsley gavner purl , as always I hear you come from a mile away . click ! in he hand by he side , Mr. crepsley hold a thin switchblade . he press the steel back ever so slightly . 80 . voice we will call it a draw then . the ' voice ' pull back he knife , step out . it 's gavner purl . he be once handsome , but that day be long go . his face be cross with scar . they vary in size , thickness and color . gavner be a warrior , carry himself so . gavner purl it 's be too long , larten . crepsley decade now . they embrace . Darren 's try to catch up . darren you guy be friend ? gavner purl I suppose . we once share a coffin together . for six month . darren ( sarcastic ) like roommate ? to save money ? gavner purl we be be hunt . darren who be hunt you ? crepsley never mind . Darren , gavner purl . gavner extend he hand to shake . Darren see ' the scar on gavner purl 's fingertip . Darren raise he own hand so gavner can see he scar . gavner look at crepsley . gavner purl a half -vampire ? crepsley of course . we do not make full vampire of we assistant . gavner purl look at crepsley , stunne . gavner purl nor do we make assistant of child . ( more ) 81 . gavner purl ( cont would ) ( losing it ) a child , larten ? why ?! crepsley I have my reason . gavner purl and they be ? crepsley I do not owe answer to vampire anymore . I be exile from we kind gavner purl self-exile . and I at least be owed a answer . there 's a personal history be call upon here . crepsley be well aware . Darren again be leave out . crepsley all I care to say be a boy seek I out , know who I be . he ask I to make he my assistant . gavner look to Darren , suspicious . gavner purl and how do you know -- crepsley ( interrupt ) it be not Darren . another boy . his blood be bad . I should have kill he , but I do not . Darren react . gavner consider it all . crepsley I meet Darren shortly after . his blood be good or I certainly would have kill he . Darren react again . gavner purl how could a boy find you ? crepsley shrug . of course he have help . gavner purl tiny ? 82. darren he try to kill we . crepsley he try to kill I . what he want with you be not determine . gavner purl perhaps you choose the wrong boy . in Mr. tiny 's eye . a moment as they consider the unspoken implication . darren what be you guy talk about !? no answer as crepsley and gavner lock each other in a look . crepsley what 's important enough to track down a exile ? what be you news ? gavner purl War . crepsley I be not interested in you war . gavner purl well the other side be interested or they would not be try to get rid of you . crepsley get suddenly very angry . crepsley I have have enough kill ! no more ! you have come to the wrong place . I be the wrong place ... gavner raise he hand in surrender . gavner purl even so , I be glad you be alive . crepsley ( relenting ) the sun be come . will you stay ? gavner purl I can still make mile . the war will not wait . and neither will bad news . I have to go . 83. crepsley then travel safely . gavner purl would you mind if I walk a bit with you assistant ? crepsley take he with you if you want . he 's of little use to I . CUT to : ext . field - not far off - night Darren and gavner purl walk . gavner look he over . gavner purl you look sick . do not larten feed you ? darren I will not drink blood if that 's what you mean . I promise myself . gavner purl why ? darren you will get insulted . as gavner wait for Darren to tell he ... darren I be afraid if I drink blood , I will become evil . gavner laugh out loud , catch himself . gavner purl the only thing drink blood will do to you be keep you alive . darren that 's how it would start . I would swear it be just to stay alive . but what will I turn into ? you be on one side of the fence or the other . my father use to say that and now I know what he mean . the ' father part ' choke Darren up a bit . 84 . gavner purl you have already turn , Darren . you need to accept what you have already become . there 's no go back . they walk in silence a moment . then : darren why do crepsley make himself a exile anyhow ? gavner purl he be tired of all the kill . we be at war . darren with the vampaneze ? gavner purl crepsley be once a vampire General . one of we great leader . he may seem reluctant , but I assure you , no one be as skilled at kill vampaneze than crepsley be . I think that 's why they would like to get he out of the way . kill he off before the new war start . darren you have know he a long time ? gavner purl I be he assistant . he blooded I , as he blooded you . there 's almost something comforting in this news . gavner purl so proud and strong look . Darren want to know ... darren why would he choose you ? gavner purl to teach I to kill vampaneze . up until now , it 's the only reason he ever choose anyone . darren be it why he choose I ? gavner hesitates , not sure . 85 . gavner purl that 's for crepsley to say . not I . another brick wall , but Darren accept it . gavner purl do you know what the biggest danger be to a vampire , Darren ? darren the vampaneze ? Mr. tiny ? gavner purl no . it 's that they live so long they no longer care . everything they love be leave behind until they finally have nothing leave to live for . except death . the fact that he 's take a apprentice seem , to I , a good sign . a sign that he 's think of live not die . darren lucky for I . glad I could help . all the same Darren consider what he 's hear . gavner , meanwhile , consider the open countryside ahead . gavner purl a clear run . good. gavner give Darren one last appraise look . gavner purl stay by he , Darren . stay by he . gavner take a deep breath . the air around he shimmer , he image bounce in and out of phase like a electron heating up . and then he 's go . darren that part be definitely cool . CUT to : ext . the SUN - day High in the noon sky . pan down to where Darren stand under a tree by the old van . he concentrate , look himself over . nothing . he concentrate again . he 's try to flit . 86 . very briefly -- the air shimmer around he -- then stop . he look at he arm . Little wisp of smoke come off they . evra ( arriving ) what 's up ? darren nothing . evra ( sniff AIR ) it 's smell like burnt hair . darren do not know . I be congest . ( sees something ) hey ... evra follow he gaze , turn just in time to see : there Pov Debbie and Sam ducking inside the factory . darren &amp ; evra Exchange a look . start after they . CUT to : int . factory floor - day where the show be the night before . Light stream down from gap in the decrepit roof . no sight of Debbie and Sam as Darren and evra make they way in .- they pause at a creaking come from somewhere overhead . as they move ... CUT to : int . upper floor - factory - day Darren and evra come off a rickety staircase , pass through a half - rotted door . there be hole in the roof overhead and huge gap on the floor where the board have fall through . they see Sam , he back to they , stare out a smashed window . evra let 's scare the crap out of he ... they begin to creep in , flanking the unsuspecting Sam . but as they get close , a shape drop down behind they ! 87 . shape arrrgggh ! Darren and evra be the one who jump . the shape be Debbie ! she almost fall over laugh . so do Sam . debbie you should see the look on you face . but evra and Darren be not laugh . evra what be you do here ? debbie we could ask you the same thing . we come here all the time . my grandfather use to work here . darren must have be a long time ago . debbie he say now it 's like one of that bomb out World War ii cathedral . empty of what be use to be . a odd little moment till Sam break it . SAM hey , we love the show , man . it be off the hook . evra ( mess with he ) off the hook , huh ? I will tell all the freak you say so . SAM be you guy on you own ? just travel . no parent or nothing ? darren no . no parent . he say it with a little twinge that Debbie pick up on . SAM School ? evra no school either . 88. SAM you be the luckiest guy on earth . wanna switch place ? darren you have to be different to be here . debbie different how ? evra step into a slash of sunlight and he skin flash to life , the green of he scale catch the ray . Debbie 's mouth drop . they could not see it in the dark last night . evra everyone have a place they belong . the cirque du freak be ours . debbie I think you skin be beautiful . that win evra over . debbie can I touch it ? evra hold out he arm . Debbie trace a finger across it . debbie wow . have it always be this way ? darren he 's a snake - boy . debbie you should not call he name because he look different . evra it 's okay . I be a snake boy . SAM you could say you be dermatologically challenge . they all laugh . Debbie consider evra a beat , then Darren . debbie what about you , Darren ? how be you different ? 89 . darren I get scared easy . Darren look up toward the rafter . from where she drop . darren how would you get up there anyhow ? debbie you mean , how do a girl get up there ? CUT to : ext . factory roof - day a spot where the roofing be go , several long rafter stretch out . Darren , evra and Sam watch Debbie walk out on one . like a balance beam . the factory floor 70 foot below . evra hey , be careful . SAM do not worry . she 's like a gymnast . Debbie move slowly at first , she arm stretch out for balance . then she do a hop , a skip . Darren and evra gasp . she get to the other side , turn and bow . darren you be crazy ! debbie how about you ? darren I get nothing to prove . debbie but it would be easier for you than I . darren why 's that ? debbie because chicken have wing . she start chicken clucking . mad , Darren step onto a rafter , start across . he stop in the middle , spin around . aid immeasurably by he half - vampire skill . 90 . Debbie be impressed . angle overhead the vertigo angle as Debbie walk back out on she rafter . stop about 4 - foot across from Darren . darren &amp ; debbie Darren cross he arm across he chest . no big deal . debbie let 's play mirror . darren what 's that ? debbie I do something and you have to copy I . like this . Debbie cross she arm the same way Darren have . he uncross they as he realize . Debbie reach down , touch she toe . Darren sigh , then do the same , get a good look at the floor below . Debbie take one foot off the rafter , take hold of the top of it with one hand , raise the other arm out for balance . look like a ballerina . evra do not like this daredevil stuff . evra come on , guy ... Darren hesitates . not because he will not do it , but because maybe for the first time in he life , he 's really fascinate by a girl . Debbie misread , start clucking again . Darren smile , repeat she move effortlessly . without warning , Debbie leap the gap , land on the rafter alongside Darren . as she struggle a bit for balance , Darren reach out and steady she . as they come face to face . debbie there definitely something different about you . I just can not figure it out . darren be Sam you boyfriend ? 91 . debbie he 's my cousin . darren oh ... a funny , awkward beat out on the rafter . finally ... darren we should get off this . she nod , a bit smitten . Darren turn . as they start off ... darren chalk it up to lack of blood , but everything start spin . darren' Pov the area be like a big drain and he 's whirling down it . rafter Darren leg go out and he fall off . as Debbie scream ... Darren catch hold of the rafter just as he drop past it . debbie hold on . Debbie grab he arm . evra start out to help , but the rafter creak ominously . he stop . Sam state the obvious . SAM I do not think it will hold you , dude . evra thanks for the head up ... bro. darren ( shake it off ) it 's okay . I be okay . Darren swing up a leg , hook it over the rafter . a beat and he 's back on top . Debbie relieved . evra back up the way he come and in a few second they be all safely off the rafter . debbie I do not know how you hang on . I could not have . darren you would not have fall in the first place ... I just get dizzy . 92 . debbie maybe you need to eat something . Darren look at she . she have no idea . evra well , the food 's down on ground level . let 's get out of here . Sam and Debbie start off , Darren and evra follow . as Sam and Debbie start down a ladder , Darren hang back a beat . darren she 's kind 'of cool , huh ? I mean , for a girl . evra I like she . she ask a lot of question though . darren she 's just curious . evra there 's no such thing as ' just ' with a girl . darren what make you such a expert ? evra my snake 's a girl . CUT to : ext . factory - sunset the sun peep below the horizon . CUT to : int . factory passage - night Darren walk along , flashlight in hand . go somewhere . he suddenly stop , listen , not sure if he hear something . a follow footstep ? move with Darren as he continue . as he pass through a doorway , he duck around the corner . wait a few beat . then he leap out to see who 's follow . no one 's there . shake he head , he continue on . CUT to : 93. int . boiler room - factory - night Darren knock on a door , wait a beat before it open and crepsley emerge from he sleep place . crepsley good morning , Darren . darren what 's good about it ? crepsley look he over , do not like what he see . CUT to : ext . cirque camp - night bustle with activity . nearly show time . crepsley stand by a open tent flap watch Darren cross camp . not well . darren he stop as Sam and Debbie catch up with he . SAM debbie hey , Darren . hi ... Darren 's happy to see they . darren you guy be come to the show again tonight ? debbie of course . evra 's do he snake act tonight . darren oh , you come to see evra . debbie and you ... Darren smile shyly at that . SAM I be hope for amanda byne . Darren see crepsley watch he from the tent . darren hey , I will catch up with you later . I get some stuff I gotta finish up . 94 . they watch as Darren head off . SAM he 's gonna be go in another day or two . tonight 's the last show . debbie I know that . so ? SAM so stop look at he like you love he . debbie you be such a idiot , Sam . tent open Darren join crepsley , a little unsteady . crepsley look at you . you can barely stand . darren I be fine . crepsley you need to feed . you need blood .. darren no ! I will not let you hunt some poor person down for I . I -- crepsley grab hold of Darren , haul he into ... the tent Dark , the inside wall richly embroider . medieval . crepsley no need to hunt . there 's someone here willing to save you . from the shadow : madam truska . startlingly beautiful . she step up . eye on Darren , she offer crepsley she wrist . madam truska by my own free will , Darren shan . as crepsley 's fingernail hover , ready to open a vein . Darren shake he head . ' no ' . 95 . crepsley drink or you will die . darren no. I can not . I be human . crepsley release truska 's arm . crepsley you be not ! and you will be nothing ! Darren stand there as noble and sad as a boy could be . darren I be human . in my heart I be . a great big tear roll down truska 's cheek . that 's the last thing crepsley need to see . he 's defeat . CUT to : int . factory space - night people in they seat or take they . Darren be back in he role as usher . he seat two people , wipe at the sweat bead on he forehead . he 's get sicker . he see Debbie . she and Sam be already seat across the way . she smile , wave . Darren force a smile , , wave back . look for more patron , Darren nearly walk into ... a figure . a hat pull down obscure he face . voice a usher in the house of usher . and I can not seem to find a seat . Darren frown at the odd voice , but lead down the aisle . darren this way . Darren bring he down to a handful of seat . the figure look up from under the brim of he hat . it 's Mr. tiny . mr. tiny join I . darren I do not think so . as Darren move to go , Mr. tiny clamp a hand around he wrist . like iron . he sit , pull Darren down beside he . 96 . mr. tiny it 's time we have a few moment . folk involved in epic struggle should get to know each other . Darren do not answer . mr. tiny have crepsley tell you about I ? explain I ? darren he say you can not be explain . you need to be experience . mr. tiny he give I too much credit . debbie hey , Darren . Darren look up to see Debbie and Sam . oh no ... debbie we be gonna sit on this side . SAM cuz we miss you so much . she dig Sam with she elbow . they sit just a row in front . mr. tiny ( whisper ) choose side can only lead to trouble . never , ever choose side unless it 's you own . darren you have choose the vampaneze . Mr. tiny laugh , slap he knee even . mr. tiny be that really what you think ? a smart boy like you ? and the light drop . a trumpet blast and all be silent . on the stage the little people wheel out a cage . there 's a gurgle growl . the little people retreat . several audience member lean in , then scream as the wolfman crash to the front of the cage . 97 . a white spot shine down on Mr. tall . mr. tall lady and gentlemen ... darren &amp ; mr. tiny mr. tiny .subjugator and sap ... mr. tall welcome to the cirque du freak . we be a ancient circus ... as Mr. tall drone on ... mr. tiny oh , he speech be impossible . Mr. tiny open he free hand . his pocket watch melt up into view from he palm . time begin to speed up around they . Mr. tall 's voice speed to a buzz as he ' keystone cop ' off the stage and rhamus ' keystone ' on . the audience 's small movement become rattles and shake . only Darren and Mr. tiny be at normal speed . mr. tiny I be not so complicated , Darren . during war there be that who profit . a war between vampire and vampaneze would have terrible consequence . therefore ... darren terrible profit . mr. tiny excellent . I be a profiteer . I exact fee and gain . I be simple . on stage , madam truska exit and evra ' keystone ' through he performance with he snake . mr. tiny do crepsley tell you of the prophesy ? darren what prophesy ? 98 . mr. tiny they say the final battle between vampire and vampaneze will be decide by a child . that 's why the vampire will not blood child . to avoid the end of the world . as this word be ponder by Darren ... mr. tiny I think I underestimate you . I think you could be wonderful . darren I think you be a creep . I think you suck . mr. tiny too bad . Mr. tiny close he hand around the watch . time return to normal . the applause for evra slow down to normal speed . as he walk off the stage , Debbie look back at Darren . debbie he be great ! as she look back to the stage someone sit on Darren 's other side . collar pull up , head wrap in a scarf . murlough ! murlough ( low ; be : Debbie ) be it dar-wren 's girlfriend ? darren forget about she -- murlough take hold of Darren 's other wrist . still low : murlough she have plenty of lovely blood inside . Inside , outside , hmmm ? Darren struggle . murlough pull he close , hiss in he ear , flash that filthy tooth . murlough I do not care about human . I do not care about you . but the vampire - larten crepsley - he I care about . ( almost shy ) murlough be a vampire killer . 99 . on stage : the spotlight hit crepsley . darren you guy be in trouble . there 's more than one vampire now . gavner purl be here . murlough react to the name . do not like it . murlough have you see purl gavner 's face ? Young murlough slice it for he . mr. tiny Darren , you be a liar . he 's a thousand mile go by now . and master crepsley be right there . as he point at crepsley ... crepsley holding madam octa 's cage . aware something 's ' in the air ' . murlough shimmer , phase into flit mode . disappear . darren crepsley ! look out ! the audience laugh . like Darren 's worried about madam octa . Debbie look back , know something be wrong . see Mr. tiny 's hand around Darren 's wrist . stage as murlough ' appear ' alongside crepsley . madam octa 's cage drop to the stage as murlough knock crepsley fifteen foot through the air . he land flat on he back . the audience cheer ! think it 's part of the show . murlough reach into he jacket , produce a razor - sharp long knife in either hand . crepsley pop to he foot . as he own single blade ' switch ' to life in he hand ... darren &amp ; mr. tiny as Darren struggle , Mr. tiny switch he grip to the back of the boy 's neck . that hold he . 100 . stage cheer as murlough charge forward , the long knife pinwheel in he hand . his attack be brutal and blunt . crepsley be drive back , parry each thrust and attack as it come . spark fly as the blade connect . from out of nowhere , crepsley add a backhand to the mix . it catch murlough hard across the chop . off stage Mr. tall and evra watch . not know what to do . stage murlough swing back wildly . crepsley catch the blade in murlough 's leave hand with the one in he right . crepsley catch murlough 's leave wrist , the second blade dangerously close to retrace the scar on crepsley 's face . crepsley throw himself back , send murlough head over heel across the stage and slamming into a concrete wall . darren concentrate . try to flit . stage murlough roll to he foot , charge . it 's brute force versus style . but as crepsley move to sidestep , murlough 's not so brutish after all . he match the move -- bury one of he knife into crepsley 's stomach . crepsley react , freeze in shock . darren &amp ; mr. tiny the audience around they unsure . many shocked . it 's part of the show , right ? Darren see murlough raise the other knife to finish crepsley off . Darren tremble , phase . and Mr. tiny 's hold nothing but air . Darren be go . darren ( flit world ) speed down to the stage . the dagger descend in slo - motion , but it 's only a centimeter or two from it 's target . 101 . stage Darren reappear , leap onto murlough 's back , knock he off target . as murlough stagger right , crepsley stagger leave . murlough regroup , charge after he . badly hurt , stumbling , crepsley fall off the edge of the stage . disappear . roaring , murlough grab Darren . they disappear as well . mr. tiny sigh . this be not how it 's suppose to go . Sam and Debbie leave they seat , head for the stage . CUT to : int . factory - night ( flit world ) murlough with Darren in tow , look high and low for crepsley . move past the barely move Mr. tall and evra . crepsley ( flit world ) his back to a wall . try to hold it together . frozen patron face the exit beyond . as he 'lose he flit power , the patron suddenly resume real speed for the exit . CUT to : int . boiler room - night the old power plant . pipe and catwalk . murlough and Darren here . a chain hang from the ceiling . murlough lift Darren , wrap it around he ankle . hang Darren upside down ! murlough crepsley ! CUT to : crepsley reacting to murlough 's voice . CUT to : boiler room - factory murlough twist Darren 's arm . Darren scream out in pain . CUT to : 102 . evra reacting as Debbie and Sam arrive . they move toward it . CUT to : crepsley listen as the scream fade off . clutch he stomach , crepsley move . CUT to : boiler room - factory murlough pull Darren a little higher . they be face - to-face , though Darren be upsidedow . murlough crepsley will come for he assistant . darren he do not care about I . murlough murlough have a assistant , too . a smart one , smarter than you . as murlough say this , Darren look past as step up , grin , be murlough 's assistant . darren Steve ? Steve ! Steve hold up he hand so Darren can see the white scar on the tip of each finger . he get closer . steve Mr. tiny make my dream come true . only better . I be half vampaneze instead of a stupid half vampire . Mr. tiny say I have a destiny . he say he 's gonna make sure of it . darren be that who you talk to ? be that the internet guy ? Mr. tiny ? steve ( laugh ) pretty funny , huh ? he introduce himself after you leave town . ( more ) 103 . steve ( cont 'd ) but , I think I have know he a long time in my head . in my bad , bad blood . chill . maybe Steve be evil . he lean in even closer . steve he give I back the dream you steal . murlough motion Steve quiet , slap a hand over Darren 's mouth . listen . smile . whisper . murlough crepsley come . CUT to : int . approach passage - factory - night crepsley move forward . hurting . he slow , stop . as he look back over he shoulder . something 's behind he . evra , debbie &amp ; SAM freeze as crepsley look back in the direction from which they follow . from they Pov , crepsley suddenly disappear . SAM where would he go ? they jump as crepsley appear right in front of they . crepsley evra ... get they out of here . evra but -- evra know it 's useless . as he nod , crepsley turn and stride back toward where he have be . Sam and Debbie exchange a look . what the Hell ? evra you guy better go back . SAM what be you gonna do ? evra Darren 's my friend . 104 . debbie our too . Sam 's not so sure , but he nod in agreement . CUT to : int . boiler room - factory - night Darren swing back and forth in long stroke like a pendulum , a rag stuff in he mouth to silence he . darren' Pov sweep the room . wait ! it fix on a doorway . there 's crepsley . look about , everywhere but at Darren . boiler room crepsley speak to ' the room ' . crepsley I can smell it . why do it hide ? ( stepping up ) the vampire be here . whump ! murlough drop from above . land ten foot in front of crepsley . as they begin to arc around each other . murlough the vampire will die . steve's voice ( from above ) let 's get readyyyyy to rumble ! crepsley look up , react . crepsley even the creature of the night watch too much tv . Darren swing past through the middle of it all . murlough charge . crepsley sidestep Darren , decide to take the fight higher . he leap up , swing himself up onto one of the catwalk . murlough follow . they use the room steel as monkey bar as they climb , clash . violent , quick attack . crepsley gain a position , abandon it as murlough slam in . 105 . darren have lose sight of they , he can only hear the battle now . he react as evra , Debbie and Sam rush out . evra take hold , lift , try to lessen the load on the chain . evra Sam , unhook he leg . as Sam struggle , Debbie pull the rag from Darren 's mouth . darren be you guy nut ? get outta here ! evra it 's against we code . suddenly unhook , Darren hit the ground . he look up at evra who grin down at he . evra never leave a freak behind . CUT to : ceiling superstructure on the catwalk murlough draw he knife . crepsley jump to the space he want to defend , draw he own . murlough counter . two very serious predator ' - at work . the animal kingdom at its kill best . a charge . murlough a bull , crepsley a matador . he redirect one of murlough 's arcing arm , smash it against a metal housing . one of the vampaneze 's knife clatter away . it 's not graphic or bloody , but several time crepsley 's knife find its way into murlough 's body . it enrage he , but crepsley continue deal out punishment . he 's now like a brilliant counter - puncher , even as he inadvertently back he way into a corner . but as quarter close in , murlough 's rage work to he advantage . he charge into crepsley , he lower shoulder send crepsley through the air and into ... and through a brick wall . into the thin air outside ! still raging , murlough nearly fall through himself . instead , he slip , drop about twenty foot down inside the building ! CUT to : 106 . ext . asphalt - night crepsley fall sixty foot , land flat on he back , as brick and concrete rain on top of he ... CUT to : int . factory - night as evra pull Darren along . Debbie and Sam riding shotgun . evra come on ! darren evra . I think I be die . he look horrible . debbie let 's carry he if we have to . evra and Sam support he on either side . they continue , start across part of a darken backstage area . a dark rectangular shape loom ahead . we hear a guttural growl , see eye glow in the gloom . they freeze . evra it 's okay . it 's the wolfman . he 's in he cage . they move forward again , the cage become visible . but another shape beside it . Steve . he set he hand on the cage 's heavy latch . he 's go to open it . evra no do not ! steve ooops ... Steve lift the latch . even he do not expect the force the wolfman hit the door with . whaanngg ! it 's out . evra step bravely forward . the wolfman send he fly . Sam can not hold Darren up by himself . he do not even see the wolfman leap over . as Darren sink to the floor ... the wolfman tear into Sam ... 107 . debbie react in horror . steve he 's more surprised than shocked . until the wolfman look he way . then he head for the hill , disappear into the dark . the wolfman turn back toward Debbie . she back away , take off up a rickety stairway . the wolfman howl , then follow . Darren 's too weak to follow , near tear in frustration and regret . he watch after they , then he look over at Sam . Sam who be die . just a few foot away . his eye flicker to darren' . he try to say something , but can not . darren oh Sam . oh no ... Darren crawl over , take Sam 's bloody hand . SAM go save Debbie , Darren ... Sam manage the smallest smile . as he eye drift shut ... SAM I think she love you ... from above , we hear Debbie scream . Darren consider Sam 's blood , know what he have to do . leave he humanity behind and cross the line . he need to drink Sam 's blood . darren forgive I , Sam , but I need strength . I need blood . as Darren extend he nail over Sam 's wrist ... darren we be go to save she together . CUT to : int . upper floor - factory - night Debbie back into a corner . the wolfman almost on she ... 108 . murlough arrive ! pure animal action as he tear into wolfie , send he retreate , lick he wound into the darkness . murlough heave for breath , pretty beat up himself . and here come steve. cautiously . steve be crepsley dead ? murlough who know ? Young murlough life , but he 's hurt . steve what can I do ? murlough what can dar-wren 's girlfriend do ? we need to get the blood inside outside . do not we ? then we hear it : a blood -curdle scream filter up . it 's : darren ! - backstage area he 's drunk Sam 's blood . he rise . his sickness wick off he . strength descend . empower . furious . he scream again , the sound take shape into word . darren forgive I !!! factory stage space the audience who have not leave react as the chill sound reach they . backstage area - factory fully 1 / 2 vampire power , he take the stair two at a time . upper floor murlough , loom over Debbie , smile as Darren arrive . darren let she go . steve stop be a big shot . this be not like stop some fight at school . darren shut up , Steve . 109 . murlough 's eye go very , very dark . he attack . Darren try to meet the onslaught , but he 's bowl over . knocked in a heap . Debbie move to go after murlough from behind . she 's go to go down fight as well . but Steve intercept she . he 's pretty powerful himself . murlough pull Darren to he foot , stand he up . he swing he fist in a vicious arc . Darren just duck it and murlough 's fist smashes right through the wall ( a inside wall ) alongside Darren 's head . murlough 's get tired of Darren . murlough you need to stand still so you can die . but as he attempt to pull he arm back through , he can not . he frown . then he eye widen in pain . murlough jerk he arm back as hard as he can . the wall smashes open as murlough bring he arm back through with crepsley hang onto the end of it . factory space the audience who remain chant : " refund ! refund ! " they react as debris fall from above , smashes to the stage . upper floor - factory crepsley bring up he knife . murlough catch he by the wrist with one hand . with the other he grip crepsley by the throat , slam he hard into a I - beam pillar . again . then he squeeze . we can hear the cartilage crunching in crepsley 's throat . but crepsley cover he own right hand with he leave . he drive the knife blade into murlough's heart ! murlough look down at the handle of the knife , then back at crepsley whose throat he still hold . murlough give he a lopsided grin and then pitch back , fall through one of the hole in the floor . take crepsley with he . 110 . factory space scream from the audience as murlough descend . somewhere in mid-fall , crepsley flit , disappear . when murlough hit the center of the stage , he hit it alone . Dead . as people start for the exit , we see Mr. tiny ' be among they . upper floor but as Darren stand , it 's not over . Steve grab Debbie , push she to the edge where the rafter be . steve stay back ! or I will throw she off ! I mean it ! it sound like he do . Darren look intently at Debbie . she look back . then , Darren make chicken cluck sound . understand , Debbie tear herself away . to the precipice . but instead of fall , she continue out on a rafter . Steve slide out after she . but as he reach for she , she deftly skip across the rafter , jump back to the floor . before Steve can follow , Darren cut he off . below they : row of jag , rusty pipe . the remain of a pump station . shredd now , break . wait to impale . darren it 's over , Steve . steve be it ? Steve lunge . they come together , trading shot , stumbling but still have to make the rafter . a miss footfall will be they last . they separate , try to gain position . steve you wanna hear something funny ? after you funeral , I go to see you parent . they continue circle . steve and they be fine . they act like they barely remember you . darren liar . Darren lunge , but Steve 's ready . he cuff Darren in the head . Darren fall , end up hang . Steve loom , smile . steve ( smile ) and you sister . she be move into you room . they have a yard sale . I buy some of you stuff . Steve 's foot on he hand . Darren about to die . oddly : darren do you steal money from my mom 's purse ? steve what ? darren do you ? Darren hang there , dead grim . Steve 's curious . steve why do you ask ? be know that gonna help you rest in peace ? darren no . it 's just practically the last thing that ever happen between I and my dad be I be argue with he . steve ( flip ) least you have a dad to argue with . a fury building in Darren . darren I be tell he he be wrong about you . that 's the last time we have together . Fighting about you . steve hate to tell ya . you dad be right . how do you think we get the money for the dumb ticket ? I take it . just like I be gonna take you . Steve jam he foot down into Darren 's face , but Darren hang on . in fact , with a superhuman surge , he haul himself up , no matter how many time Steve hit he . 112 . wham ! Darren let Steve have it . darren I miss he . wham ! darren do you understand ? wham ! darren I miss he so much . wham ! Steve 's arm pinwheel for balance . he 's go over . but just as he pitch off the end rafter ... Darren catch he by he belt . nearly bent backward , he hang back over the abyss . if Darren let go , Steve will fall into the spike below . crespley step up beside Debbie , know what Darren should do . crepsley kill he , Darren . do it now so you will not have to do it later . Darren look at Steve . a moment they will remember forever . darren ( softly ; sadly ) no . he use to be my friend . Darren fling Steve back the other way . to safety . darren start run . do not ever stop . Steve hesitates . it be not suppose to be like this . Darren start off the rafter toward he . one last look of hate . steve next time ... and he 's go . disappear into the dark . Darren join Debbie . nothing leave to hide . debbie Sam ? Darren shake he head . Sam do not make it . 113 . she understand . Darren look at crepsley . he 's a mess . darren be you gonna be okay ? crepsley I just need to catch my breath . for a few day . maybe a week . darren you think I make a mistake , do not you ? crepsley no . I think that you prove yourself human after all . human . as Darren absorb this kindness , smile . darren half human . what now ? crepsley what do you mean ? darren there 's a war on , be not there ? crepsley shrug . darren this world be cross by fence . you have to decide which side you stand on . crepsley yes , yes . Black and white fence crossing very gray field . darren it 's not gray . I have meet the bad guy . they need to be stop . crepsley I be not sure it 's my fight . darren but you say it . there 's no in between . and the power of be alone be never go to be great than the weakness . it 's we fight . CUT to : 114 . ext . factory - night as patron try to get as far as they can as quick as they can . we see Steve duck out , blend in . Mr. tiny 's lincoln Continental pull up . as Steve get in ... CUT to : ext . field - near the campsite - night Mr. tall , evra , Debbie , Darren and crepsley . crepsley set Sam 's body down in the grass . it 's cover with one of madam truska 's tent silk . as crepsley 's eye meet Darren 's ... darren ( a whisper ) he be a good kid . it 's weird , but I remember thing about he even though I be not there when they happen . even though it 's impossible . a moment as crepsley nod sadly at this most singular boy . crepsley his blood be in you . mr. tall I will deal with the police when they come . what I will say , I do not know . debbie say what happen . some crazy guy show up . Sam be in the wrong place at the wrong time . they be all quiet a moment . evra he be brave . debbie ( sadly ) for the only time in he life . darren he do not die in vain . a beat . 115 . mr. tall time to fly or flit or whatever you call it . the sun will not wait all night . crepsley actually , that 's exactly what it do . Mr. tall manage a smile , consider the sky a moment . mr. tall time will tell what this night have bring we . crepsley yes . keep my coffin ready , would you ? mr. tall always . as they exchange farewell , Debbie turn to Darren . debbie do you think we will meet again ? darren you never know . as she hug he tight , she whisper in he ear : debbie I hope so ... darren ( whisper back ) hope be a good word . I hope so , too . and so goodbye . Darren and crepsley start down the road . darren where be we go ? crepsley to meet the vampire Generals . War cloud be form . a storm be come . and I have a feel you be need much more than I be . 116 . darren so what be we wait for ? let 's go . crepsley offer he hand . crepsley take my arm . Darren shake he head , do not need it . he shimmer , flit into the night . crepsley laugh to himself . as he follow ... fade to black .