citizen kane by herman J. mankiewicz &amp ; Orson Welles prologue fade in : ext . xanadu - faint dawn - 1940 ( miniature ) window , very small in the distance , illuminate . all around this be a almost totally black screen . now , as the camera move slowly towards the window which be almost a postage stamp in the frame , other form appear ; barb wire , cyclone fencing , and now , loom up against a early morning sky , enormous iron grille work . camera travel up what be now show to be a gateway of gigantic proportion and hold on the top of it - a huge initial " k " show darker and darker against the dawn sky . through this and beyond we see the fairy - tale mountaintop of xanadu , the great castle a sillhouette as its summit , the little window a distant accent in the darkness . dissolve : a series of set - ups , each closer to the great window , all telling something of : the literally incredible domain of charle foster kane . its right flank rest for nearly forty mile on the Gulf Coast , it truly extend in all direction farther than the eye can see . design by nature to be almost completely bare and flat - it be , as will develop , practically all marshland when kane acquire and change its face - it be now pleasantly uneven , with its fair share of roll hill and one very good - size mountain , all man-made . almost all the land be improve , either through cultivation for farming purpose of through careful landscape , in the shape of park and lake . the castle dominate itself , a enormous pile , compound of several genuine castle , of european origin , of vary architecture - dominate the scene , from the very peak of the mountain . dissolve : golf link ( miniature ) past which we move . the green be straggly and overgrown , the fairway wild with tropical weed , the link unused and not seriously tend for a long time . dissolve out : dissolve in : what be once a good - size zoo ( miniature ) of the hagenbeck type . all that now remain , with one exception , be the individual plot , surround by moat , on which the animal be keep , free and yet safe from each other and the landscape at large . ( Signs on several of the plot indicate that here there be once tiger , lion , girrafe . ) dissolve : the monkey terrace ( miniature ) in the foreground , a great obscene ape be outline against the dawn murk . he be scratch himself slowly , thoughtfully , look out across the estate of Charles Foster kane , to the distant light glow in the castle on the hill . dissolve : the alligator pit ( miniature ) the idiot pile of sleepy dragon . reflected in the muddy water - the light window . the lagoon ( miniature ) the boat landing sag . a old newspaper float on the surface of the water - a copy of the New York Enquirer . " as it move across the frame , it disclose again the reflection of the window in the castle , closer than before . the great swimming pool ( miniature ) it be empty . a newspaper blow across the crack floor of the tank . dissolve : the cottage ( miniature ) in the shadow , literally the shadow , of the castle . as we move by , we see that they door and window be board up and lock , with heavy bar as further protection and sealing . dissolve out : dissolve in : a drawbridge ( miniature ) over a wide moat , now stagnant and choke with weed . we move across it and through a huge solid gateway into a formal garden , perhaps thirty yard wide and one hundred yard deep , which extend right up to the very wall of the castle . the landscape surround it have be sloppy and causal for a long time , but this particular garden have be keep up in perfect shape . as the camera make its way through it , towards the light window of the castle , there be reveal rare and exotic bloom of all kind . the dominate note be one of almost exaggerated tropical lushness , hang limp and despair . moss , moss , moss . ankor wat , the night the last King die . dissolve : the window ( miniature ) camera move in until the frame of the window fill the frame of the screen . suddenly , the light within go out . this stop the action of the camera and cut the music which have be accompany the sequence . in the glass pane of the window , we see reflect the ripe , dreary landscape of Mr. kane 's estate behind and the dawn sky . dissolve : int . kane's bedroom - faint dawn - a very long shot of kane 's enormous bed , silhouett against the enormous window . dissolve : int . kane's bedroom - faint dawn - snow scene . a incredible one . Big , impossible flake of snow , a too picturesque farmhouse and a snow man . the jingling of sleigh bell in the musical score now make a ironic reference to indian Temple bell - the music freeze - kane's old old voice rosebud ... the camera pull back , show the whole scene to be contain in one of that glass ball which be sell in novelty store all over the world . a hand - kane 's hand , which have be hold the ball , relax . the ball fall out of he hand and bound down two carpete step lead to the bed , the camera follow . the ball fall off the last step onto the marble floor where it break , the fragment glitter in the first ray of the morning sun . this ray cut a angular pattern across the floor , suddenly cross with a thousand bar of light as the blind be pull across the window . the foot of kane 's bed . the camera very close . outline against the shutter window , we can see a form - the form of a nurse , as she pull the sheet up over he head . the camera follow this action up the length of the bed and arrive at the face after the sheet have cover it . fade out : fade in : int . of a motion picture projection room on the screen as the camera move in be the word : " MAIN title " stir , brassy music be hear on the soundtrack ( which , of course , sound more like a soundtrack than ours . ) the screen in the projection room fill we screen as the second title appear : " credit " note : here follow a typical news digest short , one of the regular monthly or bi-monthly feature , base on public event or personality . this be distinguished from ordinary newsreel and short subject in that they have a fully develop editorial or storyline . some of the more obvious characteristic of the " March of time , " for example , as well as other documentary short , will be combine to give a authentic impression of this now familiar type of short subject . as be the accept procedure in this short subject , a narrator be use as well as explanatory title . fade out : news digest narrator legendary be the xanadu where kubla kahn decreed he stately pleasure dome - ( with quote in he voice ) " where twice five mile of fertile ground , with wall and tower be girdle ' round . " ( dropping the quote ) today , almost as legendary be Florida 's xanadu - world 's large private pleasure ground . here , on the desert of the Gulf Coast , a private mountain be commission , successfully build for its landlord . here in a private valley , as in the coleridge poem , " blossom many a incense-bear tree . " verily , " a miracle of rare device . " U.S.A . charle foster kane open shot of great desolate expanse of Florida coastline ( 1940 - day ) dissolve : Series of shot show various aspect of xanadu , all as they might be photograph by a ordinary newsreel cameraman - nicely photograph , but not atmospheric to the extreme extent of the prologue ( 1940 ) . narrator ( drop the quote ) here , for xanadu 's landlord , will be hold 1940 's biggest , strangest funeral ; here this week be laid to rest a potent figure of we century - America 's kubla kahn - Charles Foster kane . in journalism 's history , other name be honore more than Charles Foster kane 's , more justly revere . among publisher , second only to James Gordon bennet the first : he dash , expatriate son ; England 's northcliffe and beaverbrook ; Chicago 's Patterson and mccormick ; title : to forty - four million U.S. news buyer , more newsworthy than the name in he own headline , be kane himself , greatest newspaper tycoon of this or any other generation . shot of a huge , screen-filling picture of kane . pull back to show that it be a picture on the front page of the " Enquirer , " surround by the reverse rule of mourn , with masthead and headline . ( 1940 ) dissolve : a great number of headline , set in different type and different style , obviously from different papers , all announce kane 's death , all appear over photograph of kane himself ( perhaps a fifth of the headline be in foreign language ) . a important item in connection with the headline be that many of they - positively not all - reveal passionately conflict opinion about kane . thus , they contain variously the word " patriot , " " democrat , " " pacifist , " " war-monger , " " traitor , " " idealist , " " american , " etc . title : 1895 to 1940 - all of these year he cover , many of these year he be . newsreel shot of San Francisco during and after the fire , follow by shot of special train with large streamer : " kane relief Organization . " over this shot superimpose the date - 1906 . artist 's painting of foch 's railroad car and peace negotiator , if actual newsreel shot unavailable . over this shot sumperimpose the date - 1918 . narrator Denver 's bonfil and somme ; New York 's late , great Joseph pulitzer ; America 's emperor of the news syndicate , another editorialist and landlord , the still mighty and once mightier hearst . great name all of they - but none of they so love , hate , fear , so often speak - as Charles Foster kane . the San Francisco earthquake . first with the news be the kane papers . first with relief of the sufferer , first with the news of they relief of the sufferer . kane papers scoop the world on the armistice - publish , eight hour before competitor , complete detail of the armistice team grant the Germans by Marshall foch from he railroad car in the Forest of compeigne . for forty year appear in kane newsprint no public issue on which kane papers take no stand . no public man whom kane himself do not support or denounce - often support , then denounce . its humble beginning , a die dailey - Shots with the date - 1898 ( to be supply ) Shots with the date - 1910 ( to be supply ) Shots with the date - 1922 ( to be supply ) headline , cartoon , contemporary newreel or still of the follow : 1 . woman suffrage the celebrate newsreel shot of about 1914 . 2 . prohibition break up of a speakeasy and such . 3 . t.v.a. 4 . labor riot brief clip of old newreel shot of William jenning bryan , Theodore Roosevelt , stalin , walter P. thatcher , Al Smith , mckinley , landon , Franklin D. Roosevelt and such . also , recent newsreel of the elderly kane with such Nazis as Hitler and goer ; and England 's Chamberlain and churchill . shot of a ramshackle building with old - fashioned press show through plate glass window and the name " Enquirer " in old - fashioned gold letter . ( 1892 ) dissolve : narrator kane 's empire , in its glory , hold dominion over thirty - seven newpaper , thirteen magazine , a radio network . a empire upon a empire . the first of grocery store , paper mill , apartment building , factory , forest , ocean-liner - a empire through which for fifty year flow , in a unending stream , the wealth of the earth 's third richest gold mine ... fame in american legend be the origin of the kane fortune ... how , to board housekeeper Mary kane , by a default boarder , in 1868 be leave the supposedly worthless deed to a abandon mine shaft : the Colorado lode . the magnificent Enquirer Building of today . 1891 -1911 - a map of the USA , cover the entire screen , which in animated diagram show the kane publication spread from city to city . start from New York , minature newboy speed madly to Chicago , Detroit , St. Louis , Los Angeles , San Francisco , Washington , Atlanta , El paso , etc. , scream " wuxtry , kane paper , wuxtry . " shot of a large mine go full blast , chimney belching smoke , train move in and out , etc . a large sign read " Colorado lode mining Co. " ( 1940 ) sign read ; " Little Salem , CO - 25 mile . " dissolve : a old still shot of Little Salem as it be 70 year ago ( identify by copper- plate caption beneath the still ) . ( 1870 ) shot of early tintype still of Thomas Foster kane and he wife , Mary , on they wedding day . a similar picture of Mary kane some four or five year later with she little boy , Charles Foster kane . narrator fifty -seven year later , before a congressional investigation , walter P. thatcher , grand old man of Wall Street , for year chief target of kane papers ' attack on " trust , " recall a journey he make as a youth ... shot of Capitol , in Washington D.C. shot of congressional investigating Committee ( reproduction of exist j.p. Morgan newsreel ) . this run silent under narration . walter P. thatcher be on the stand . he be flanke by he son , walter P. thatcher Jr. , and other partner . he be be question by some merry Andrew congressman . at this moment , a baby alligator have just be place in he lap , cause considerable confusion and embarrassment . newsreel close - up of thatcher , the soundtrack of which now fade in . thatcher ... because of that trivial incident ... investigator it be a fact , however , be it not , that in 1870 , you do go to Colorado ? thatcher I do . investigator in connection with the kane affair ? thatcher yes . my firm have be appoint trustee by Mrs. kane for the fortune , which she have recently acquire . it be she wish that I should take charge of this boy , Charles Foster kane . narrator that same month in Union Square - investigator be it not a fact that on that occasion , the boy personally attack you after strike you in the stomach with a sled ? loud laughter and confusion . thatcher Mr. Chairman , I will read to this committee a prepare statement I have bring with I - and I will then refuse to answer any further question . Mr. Johnson , please ! a young assistant hand he a sheet of paper from a briefcase . thatcher ( read it ) " with full awareness of the meaning of my word and the responsibility of what I be about to say , it be my consider belief that Mr. Charles Foster kane , in every essence of he social belief and by the dangerous manner in which he have persistently attack the american tradition of private property , initiative and opportunity for advancement , be - in fact - nothing more or less than a Communist . " newsreel of Union Square meeting , section of crowd carry banner urging the boycott of kane papers . a speaker be on the platform above the crowd . speaker ( fade in on soundtrack ) - till the word " Charles Foster kane " be a menace to every work man in this land . he be today what he have always be and always will be - a fascist ! narrator and yet another opinion - kane 's own . Silent newsreel on a windy platform , flag -drape , in front of the magnificent Enquirer building . on platform , in full ceremonial dress , be Charles Foster kane . he orate silently . title : " I am , have be , and will be only one thing - a american . " charle foster kane . same locale , kane shaking hand out of frame . another newsreel shot , much later , very brief , show kane , older and much fatter , very tired - look , seat with he second wife in a nightclub . he look lonely and unhappy in the midst of the gaiety . narrator twice marry , twice divorced - first to a president 's niece , Emily norton - today , by she second marriage , chatelaine of the oldest of England 's stately home . sixteen year after that - two week after he divorce from Emily norton - kane marry Susan Alexander , singer , at the town Hall in trenton , New Jersey . title : few private live be more public . period still of Emily norton ( 1900 ) . dissolve : reconstructed silent newsreel . kane , Susan , and bernstein emerge from side doorway of City Hall into a ring of press photographer , reporter , etc . kane look startle , recoil for a instance , then charge down upon the photographer , lay about he with he stick , smash whatever he can hit . narrator for wife two , one - time opera sing Susan Alexander , kane build Chicago 's Municipal Opera House . cost : three million dollar . conceive for Susan Alexander kane , half - finish before she divorced he , the still unfinish xanadu . cost : no man can say . still of architect 's sketch with typically glorify " rendering " of the Chicago Municipal Opera House . dissolve : a glamorous shot of the almost - finish xanadu , a magnificent fairy - tale estate build on a mountain . ( 1920 ) then shot of its preparation . ( 1917 ) Shots of truck after truck , train after train , flash by with tremendous noise . Shots of vast dredge , steamshovels . shot of ship stand offshore unload its lighter . in quick succession , shot follow each other , some reconstruct , some in miniature , some real shot ( maybe from the dam project ) of building , digging , pour concrete , etc . narrator one hundred thousand tree , twenty thousand ton of marble , be the ingredient of xanadu 's mountain . xanadu 's livestock : the fowl of the air , the fish of the sea , the beast of the field and jungle - two of each ; the biggest private zoo since noah . content of kane 's palace : painting , picture , statue , the very stone of many another palace , ship to Florida from every corner of the earth , from other kane house , warehouse , where they moulder for year . enough for ten museum - the loot of the world . more shot as before , only this time we see ( in miniature ) a large mountain - at different period in its development - rise out of the sand . Shots of elephant , ape , zebras , etc . be herde , unload , ship , etc. in various way . Shots of pack case be unload from ship , from train , from truck , with various kind of lettering on they ( italian , Arabian , chinese , etc . ) but all consign to Charles Foster kane , xanadu , Florida . a reconstruct still of xanadu - the main terrace . a group of person in clothes of the period of 1917 . in they midst , clearly recognizable , be kane and Susan . narrator kane urge he country 's entry into one war , oppose participation in another . swung the election to one american President at least , be call another 's assassin . thus , kane 's papers might never have survive - have not the President . title : from xanadu , for the past twenty -five year , all kane enterprise have be direct , many of the nation destinie shape . Shots of various authentically word headline of american papers since 1895 . Spanish - american War shot . ( 1898 ) a graveyard in France of the World War and hundred of cross . ( 1919 ) Old newsreel of a political campaign . insert of a particularly virulent headline and / or cartoon . headline : " president shot " narrator kane , molder of mass opinion though he be , in all he life be never grant elective office by the voter of he country . few U.S. news publisher have be . few , like one - time Congressman hearst , have ever run for any office - most know better - conclude with other political observer that one man 's press have power enough for himself . but kane papers be once strong indeed , and once the prize seem almost he . in 1910 , as independent candidate for governor , the best element of the state behind he - the White House seemingly the next easy step in a lightning political career - night shot of crowd burning charle foster kane in effigy . the dummy bear a grotesque , comic resemblance to kane . it be tossed into the flame , which burn up - and then down ... ( 1910 ) fade out : title : in politics - always a bridesmaid , never a bride newsreel shot of great crowd stream into a building - madison Square Garden - then shot inside the vast auditorium , at one end of which be a huge picture of kane . ( 1910 ) shot of box contain the first Mrs. kane and young Howard kane , age five . they be acknowledge the cheer of the crowd . ( Silent shot ) ( 1910 ) newreel shot of dignitary on platform , with kane , alongside of speaker 's table , beam , hand upraise to silence the crowd . ( Silent shot ) ( 1910 ) narrator then , suddenly - less than one week before election - defeat ! shameful , ignominious - defeat that set back for twenty year the cause of reform in the U.S. , forever cancel political chance for Charles Foster kane . then , in the third year of the great Depression ... as to all publisher , it sometimes must - to bennett , to munsey and hearst it do - a paper close ! for kane , in four short year : collapse ! eleven kane papers , four kane magazine merge , more sell , scrapped - newreel shot - closeup of kane deliver a speech ... ( 1910 ) the front page of a contemporary paper - a scream headline . twin phot of kane and Susan . ( 1910 ) printed title about Depression . once more repeat the map of the USA 1932-1939 . suddenly , the cartoon go into reverse , the empire begin to shrink , illustrate the narrator 's word . the door of a newspaper office with the sign : " close . " narrator then four long year more - alone in he never - finish , already decaye , pleasure palace , aloof , seldom visit , never photograph , Charles Foster kane continue to direct he fall empire ... vainly attempt to sway , as he once do , the destiny of a nation that have cease to listen to he ... cease to trust he ... shot of xanadu . ( 1940 ) Series of shot , entirely modern , but rather jumpy and obviously bootlegge , show kane in a bath chair , swathed in summer rug , be perambulate through he rise garden , a desolate figure in the sunshine . ( 1935 ) narrator last week , death come to sit upon the throne of America 's kubla Khan - last week , as it must to all man , death come to Charles Foster kane . dissolve : cabinent photograph ( full screen ) of kane as a old , old man . this image remain constant on the screen ( as camera pull back , take in the interior of a dark projection room . int . projection room - day - a fairly large one , with a long throw to the screen . it be dark . the image of kane as a old man remain constant on the screen as camera pull back , slowly take in and register projection room . this action occur , however , only after the first few line of encure dialogue have be speak . the shadow of the man speak appear as they rise from they chair - black against the image of kane 's face on the screen . note : this be the editor of a " News digest " short , and of the rawlston magazine . all he enterprise be represent in the projection room , and rawlston himself , that great man , be present also and will shortly speak up . during the entire course of this scene , nobody 's face be really see . section of they body be pick out by a table light , a silhouette be throw on the screen , and they face and body be themselves throw into silhouette against the brilliant slant ray of light from the projection room . a third man be on the telephone . we see a corner of he head and the phone . third man ( at phone ) stand by . I will tell you if we want to run it again . ( hang up ) thompson' voice well ? a short pause . a man' voice it 's a tough thing to do in a newsreel . seventy year of a man 's life - murmur of highly salary assent at this . rawlston walk toward camera and out of the picture . other be rise . camera during all of this , apparently do its best to follow action and pick up face , but fail . actually , all set-up be to be plan very carefully to exclude the element of personality from this scene ; which be express entirely by voice , shadow , sillhouette and the big , bright image of kane himself on the screen . a voice see what Arthur Ellis write about he in the american review ? third man I read it . the voice ( its owner be already lean across the table , hold a piece of paper under the desk light and read from it ) listen : kane be dead . he contribute to the journalism of he day - the talent of a mountebank , the moral of a bootlegger , and the manners of a pasha . he and he kind have almost succeed in transform a once noble profession into a seven percent security - no longer secure . another voice that 's what Arthur Ellis be write now . thirty year ago , when kane give he he chance to clean up Detroit and Chicago and St. Louis , kane be the great guy in the world . if you ask I - another voice Charles Foster kane be a ... then observation be make almost simultaneous . rawlston' voice just a minute ! camera move to take in he bulk outline against the glow from the projection room . rawlston what be kane 's last word ? a silence greet this . rawlston what be the last word he say on earth ? Thompson , you have make we a good short , but it need character - somebody's voice motivation - rawlston that 's it - motivation . what make kane what he be ? and , for that matter , what be he ? what we have just see be the outline of a career - what 's behind the career ? what 's the man ? be he good or bad ? strong or foolish ? tragic or silly ? why do he do all that thing ? what be he after ? ( then , appreciate he point ) maybe he tell we on he death bed . thompson yes , and maybe he do not . rawlston ask the question anyway , Thompson ! build the picture around the question , even if you can not answer it . thompson I know , but - rawlston ( riding over he like any other producer ) all we see on that screen be a big american - a voice one of the biggest . rawlston ( without pause for this ) but how be he different from Ford ? or hearst for that matter ? or rockefeller - or John doe ? a voice I know people work for kane will tell you - not only in the newspaper business - look how he raise salaries . you do not want to forget - another voice you take he labor record alone , they ought to hang he up like a dog . rawlston I tell you , Thompson - a man 's die word - somebody's voice what be they ? silence . somebody's voice ( hesitant ) yes , Mr. rawlston , what be kane 's die word ? rawlston ( with disgust ) rosebud ! a little ripple of laughter at this , which be promptly silence by rawlston . rawlston that 's right . a voice tough guy , huh ? ( derisively ) die call for rosebud ! rawlston here 's a man who might have be President . he 's be love and hate and talk about as much as any man in we time - but when he come to die , he 's get something on he mind call " rosebud . " what do that mean ? another voice a racehorse he bet on once , probably , that do not come in - rosebud ! rawlston all right . but what be the race ? there be a short silence . rawlston Thompson ! thompson yes , sir . rawlston hold this thing up for a week . two week if you have to ... thompson ( feebly ) but do not you think if we release it now - he 's only be dead four day it might be better than if - rawlston ( decisively ) nothing be ever better than find out what make people tick . go after the people that know kane well . that manager of he - the little guy , bernstein , that two wife , all the people who know he , have work for he , who love he , who hate he gut - ( pause ) I do not mean go through the City directory , of course - the third man give a hearty " yes-man " laugh . thompson I will get to it right away , Mr. rawlston . rawlston ( rise ) good ! the camera from behind he , outline he back against kane 's picture on the screen . rawlston' voice it will probably turn out to be a very simple thing ... fade out : note : now begin the story proper - the seach by Thompson for the fact about kane - he research ... he interview with the people who know kane . it be important to remember always that only at the very end of the story be Thompson himself a personality . until then , throughout the picture , we photograph only Thompson 's back , shoulder , or he shadow - sometimes we only record he voice . he be not until the final scene a " character " . he be the personification of the search for the truth about Charles Foster kane . he be the investigator . fade in : ext . cheap cabaret - " EL rancho " - atlantic CITY - night - 1940 ( miniature ) - rain the first image to register be a sign : " EL rancho " floor show susan alexander kane twice nightly this word , spell out in neon , glow out of the darkness at the end of the fade out . then there be lightning which reveal a squalid roof - top on which the sign stand . Thunder again , and faintly the sound of music from within . a light glow from a skylight . the camera move to this and close in . through the splashes of rain , we see through the skylight down into the interior of the cabaret . directly below we at a table sit the lone figure of a woman , drink by herself . dissolve : int . " EL ranco " cabaret - night - medium shot of the same woman as before , finish the drink she start to take above . it be susie . the music , of course , be now very loud . Thompson , he back to the camera , move into the picture in the close foreground . a Captain appear behind susie , speak across she to Thompson . the captain ( a Greek ) this be Mr. Thompson , miss Alexander . Susan look up into Thompson 's face . she be fifty , try to look much young , cheaply blond , in a cheap , enormously generous evening dress . blink up into Thompson 's face , she throw a crink into the mouth . her eye , which she think be keep commandingly on he , be blear and watery . susan ( to the Captain ) I want another drink , John . low thunder from outside . the captain ( see he chance ) right away . will you have something , Mr. Thompson ? thompson ( stare to sit down ) I will have a highball . susan ( so insistently as to make Thompson change he mind and stand up again ) who tell you you could sit down here ? thompson oh ! I think maybe we could have a drink together ? susan think again ! there be a awkward pause as Thompson look from she to the Captain . susan why do not you people let I alone ? I be mind my own business . you mind yours . thompson if you would just let I talk to you for a little while , miss Alexander . all I want to ask you ... susan get out of here ! ( almost hysterical ) get out ! get out ! Thompson look at the Captain , who shrug he shoulder . thompson I be sorry . maybe some other time - if he think he would get a response from Susan , who think she be look at he steelily , he realize he error . he nod and walk off , follow the Captain out the door . the captain she 's just not talk to anybody from the newspaper , Mr. Thompson . thompson I be not from a newspaper exactly , I - they have come upon a waiter stand in front of a booth . the captain ( to the waiter ) get she another highball . the waiter another double ? the captain ( after a moment , pityingly ) yes . they walk to the door . thompson she 's plaster , be not she ? the captain she will snap out of it . why , until he die , she would just as soon talk about Mr. kane as about anybody . sooner . thompson I will come down in a week or so and see she again . say , you might be able to help I . when she use to talk about kane - do she ever happen to say anything - about rosebud ? the captain rosebud ? Thompson have just hand he a bill . the Captain pocket it . the captain thank you , sir . as a matter of fact , yesterday afternoon , when it be in all the papers - I ask she . she never hear of rosebud . fade out : fade in : int . thatcher memorial library - day - a excruciatingly noble interpretation of Mr. thatcher himself execute in expensive marble . he be show seat on one of that improbable Edwin Booth chair and be look down , he stone eye fix on the camera . we move down off of this , show the impressive pedestal on which the monument be found . the word , " walter Parks thatcher " be prominently and elegantly engrave thereon . immediately below the inscription we encounter , in a medium shot , the person of bertha Anderson , a elderly , manish spinnster , seat behind she desk . Thompson , he hat in he hand , be stand before she . bertha be on the phone . bertha ( into phone ) yes . I will take he in now . ( hang up and look at Thompson ) the director of the thatcher Library have ask I to remind you again of the condition under which you may inspect certain portion of Mr. thatcher 's unpublish memoir . under no circumstance be direct quotation from he manuscript to be use by you . thompson that 's all right . bertha you may come with I . without watch whether he be follow she or not , she rise and start towards a distant and imposingly frame door . Thompson , with a bit of a sigh , follow . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . the vault room - thatcher memorial library - day - a room with all the warmth and charm of napolean 's tomb . as we dissolve in , the door open in and we see past Thompson 's shoulder the length of the room . everything very plain , very much make out of marble and very gloomy . illumination from a skylight above add to the general air of expensive and classical despair . the floor be marble , and there be a gigantic , mahogany table in the center of everything . Beyond this be to be see , sink in the marble wall at the far end of the room , the safe from which a guard , in a khaki uniform , with a revolver holster at he hip , be extract the journal of walter P. thatcher . he bring it to bertha as if he be the guardian of a bullion shipment . during this , bertha have be speak . bertha ( to the guard ) page eighty - three to one hundred and forty - two , jenning . guard yes , miss Anderson . bertha ( to Thompson ) you will confine yourself , it be we understanding , to the chapter deal with Mr. kane . thompson that 's all I be interested in . the guard have , by this time , deliver the precious journal . bertha place it reverently on the table before Thompson . bertha you will be require to leave this room at four-thirty promptly . she leave . Thompson start to light a cigarette . the guard shake he head . with a sigh , Thompson bend over to read the manuscript . camera move down over he shoulder onto page of manuscript . manuscript , neatly and precisely write : " charle foster kane when these line appear in print , fifty year after my death , I am confident that the whole world will agree with my opinion of charle foster kane , assuming that he be not then completely forgotten , which I regard as extremely likely . a good deal of nonsense have appear about my first meeting with kane , when he be six year old ... the fact be simple . in the winter of 1870 ... " the camera have not hold on the entire page . it have be follow the word with the same action that the eye do the read . on the last word , the white page of the paper dissolves into : ext . mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - the white of a great field of snow , see from the angle of a parlor window . in the same position of the last word in above insert , appear the tiny figure of Charles Foster kane , age five ( almost like a animated cartoon ) . he be in the act of throw a snowball at the camera . it sail toward we and over we head , out of scene . reverse angle - on the house feature a large sign read : mrs . kane's boardinghouse high CLASS meal and lodging inquire within Charles kane 's snowball hit the sign . int . parlor - mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - camera be angle through the window , but the window - frame be not cut into scene . we see only the field of snow again , same angle as in previous scene . Charles be manufacturing another snowball . now - camera pull back , the frame of the window appear , and we be inside the parlor of the boardinghouse . Mrs. kane , age about 28 , be look out towards she son . just as we take she in she speak : mrs. kane ( call out ) be careful , Charles ! thatcher' voice Mrs. kane - mrs . kane ( Calling out the window almost on top of this ) pull you muffler around you neck , Charles - but Charles , deliriously happy in the snow , be oblivious to this and be run away . Mrs. kane turn into camera and we see she face - a strong face , wear and kind . thatcher' voice think we will have to tell he now - camera now pull back further , show thatcher stand before a table on which be he stove - pipe hat and a impose multiplicity of official - look document . he be 26 and , as might be expect , a very stuffy young man , already very expensive and conservative look , even in Colorado . mrs . kane I will sign that papers - kane sr . you people seem to forget that I be the boy 's father . at the sound of kane sr. 's voice , both have turn to he and the camera pull back still further , take he in . kane sr. , who be the assistant curator in a livery stable , have be groom as elegantly as be likely for this meeting ever since daybreak . from outside the window can be hear faintly the wild and cheerful cry of the boy , blissfully cavort in the snow . mrs . kane it 's go to be do exactly the way I have tell Mr. thatcher - kane sr . if I want to , I can go to court . father have a right to - thatcher ( annoyed ) Mr. kane , the certificate that Mr. grave leave here be make out to Mrs. kane , in she name . hers to do with as she please - kane sr . well , I do not hold with signing my boy away to any bank as guardian just because - mrs . kane ( quietly ) I want you to stop all this nonsense , Jim . thatcher the Bank 's decision in all matter concern he education , he place of residence and similar subject will be final . ( clear he throat ) kane sr . the idea of a bank be the guardian - Mrs. kane have meet he eye . her triumph over he find expression in he failure to finish he sentence . mrs . kane ( even more quietly ) I want you to stop all this nonsense , Jim . thatcher we will assume full management of the Colorado lode - of which you , Mrs. kane , be the sole owner . kane sr. open he mouth once or twice , as if to say something , but choke down he opinion . mrs . kane ( have be read past thatcher 's shoulder as he talk ) where do I sign , Mr. thatcher ? thatcher right here , Mrs. kane . kane sr. ( sulkily ) do not say I do not warn you . Mrs. kane lift the quill pen . kane sr . Mary , I be ask you for the last time - anyon would think I have not be a good husband and a - Mrs. kane look at he slowly . he stop he speech . thatcher the sum of fifty thousand dollar a year be to be pay to yourself and Mr. kane as long as you both live , and thereafter the survivor - Mrs. kane put pen to the paper and sign . kane sr . well , let 's hope it 's all for the best . mrs . kane it be . go on , Mr. thatcher - Mrs. kane , listen to thatcher , of course have have she other ear bent in the direction of the boy 's voice . thatcher be aware both of the boy 's voice , which be counter to he own , and of Mrs. kane 's divide attention . as he pause , kane sr. genteelly walk over to close the window . ext . mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - kane Jr. , see from kane sr. 's position at the window . he be advance on the snowman , snowballs in he hand , drop to one knee the better to confound he adversary . kane if the rebel want a fight boy , let 's give it to them ! he throw two snowballs , miss widely , and get up and advance another five foot before get on he knee again . kane the term be underconditional surrender . up and at them ! the Union forever ! int . parlor - mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - kane sr. close the window . thatcher ( over the boy 's voice ) everything else - the principal as well as all money earn - be to be administer by the bank in trust for you son , Charles Foster kane , until he twenty - fifth birthday , at which time he be to come into complete possession . Mrs. kane rise and go to the window . mrs . kane go on , Mr. thatcher . thatcher continue as she open the window . his voice , as before , be hear with overtone of the boy' . ext . kane's boardinghouse - day - kane Jr. , see from Mrs. kane 's position at the window . he be now within ten foot of the snowman , with one snowball leave which he be hold back in he right hand . kane you can not lick Andy Jackson ! Old Hickory , that 's I ! he fire he snowball , well wide of the mark and fall flat on he stomach , start to crawl carefully toward the snowman . thatcher' voice it 's nearly five , Mrs. kane , do not you think I would better meet the boy - int . parlor - mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - Mrs. kane at the window . thatcher be now stand at she side . mrs . kane I have get he trunk all pack - ( she choke a little ) I have it pack for a couple of week - she can not say anymore . she start for the hall day . kane sr. , ill at ease , have no idea of how to comfort she . thatcher I have arrange for a tutor to meet we in Chicago . I would have bring he along with I , but you be so anxious to keep everything secret - he stop as he realize that Mrs. kane have pay no attention to he and , have open the door , be already well into the hall that lead to the side door of the house . he take a look at kane sr. , tighten he lip and follow Mrs. kane . kane , shoulder throw back like one who bear defeat bravely , follow he . ext . mrs . kane's boardinghouse - day - kane , in the snow - cover field . with the snowman between he and the house , he be hold the sled in he hand , just about to make the little run that preface a belly - flop . the kane house , in the background , be a dilapidate , shabby , two -story frame building , with a wooden outhouse . kane look up as he see the single file procession , Mrs. kane at its head , come toward he . kane h'ya , Mom . Mrs. kane smile . kane ( gesture at the snowman ) see , Mom ? I take the pipe out of he mouth . if it keep on snowin' , maybe I will make some tooth and - mrs . kane you better come inside , son . you and I have get to get you all ready for - for - thatcher Charles , my name be Mr. thatcher - mrs . kane this be Mr. thatcher , Charles . thatcher how do you do , Charles ? kane sr . he come from the east . kane hello . hello , pop. kane sr . hello , Charlie ! mrs . kane Mr. thatcher be go to take you on a trip with he tonight , Charles . you will be leave on number ten . kane sr . that 's the train with all the light . kane you goin ' , Mom ? thatcher you mother will not be go right away , Charles - kane where be I go ? kane sr . you be go to see Chicago and New York - and Washington , maybe ... be not he , Mr. thatcher ? thatcher ( heartily ) he certainly be . I wish I be a little boy and go to make a trip like that for the first time . kane why be not you comin ' with we , Mom ? mrs . kane we have to stay here , Charles . kane sr . you be go to live with Mr. thatcher from now on , Charlie ! you be go to be rich . you ma figure - that be , be - she and I have decide that this be not the place for you to grow up in . you will probably be the richest man in America someday and you ought to - mrs . kane you will not be lonely , Charles ... thatcher we be go to have a lot of good time together , Charles ... really we be . kane stare at he . thatcher come on , Charles . let 's shake hand . ( extend he hand . Charles continue to look at he ) now , now ! I be not as frightening as all that ! let 's shake , what do you say ? he reach out for Charles 's hand . without a word , Charles hit he in the stomach with the sled . thatcher stumble back a few foot , gasp . thatcher ( with a sickly grin ) you almost hurt I , Charles . ( move towards he ) sled be not to hit people with . sled be to - to sleigh on . when we get to New York , Charles , we will get you a sled that will - he 's near enough to try to put a hand on kane 's shoulder . as he do , kane kick he in the ankle . mrs . kane Charles ! he throw himself on she , he arm around she . slowly Mrs. kane put she arm around he . kane ( frighten ) Mom ! Mom ! mrs . kane it 's all right , Charles , it 's all right . thatcher be look on indignantly , occasionally bend over to rub he ankle . kane sr . sorry , Mr. thatcher ! what the kid need be a good thrashing ! mrs . kane that 's what you think , be it , Jim ? kane sr . yes . Mrs. kane look slowly at Mr. kane . mrs . kane ( slowly ) that 's why he 's go to be bring up where you can not get at he . dissolve : 1870 - night ( stock or miniature ) Old -fashion railroad wheel underneath a sleeper , spin along the track . dissolve : int . train - old -fashioned drawing room - night - thatcher , with a look of mingle exasperation , annoyance , sympathy and inability to handle the situation , be stand alongside a berth , look at kane . kane , he face in the pillow , be cry with heartbreaking sob . kane Mom ! Mom ! dissolve out : the white page of the thatcher manuscript . we pick up the word : " he be , I repeat , a common adventurer , spoiled , unscrupulous , irresponsible . " the word be follow by print headline on " Enquirer " copy ( as in follow scene ) . int . enquirer CITY room - day - Close - up on print headline which read : " enemy armada off jersey coast " camera pull back to reveal thatcher hold the " Enquirer " copy , on which we read the headline . he be stand near the editorial round table around which a section of the staff , include Reilly , leland and kane be eat lunch . thatcher ( coldly ) be that really you idea of how to run a newspaper ? kane I do not know how to run a newspaper , Mr. thatcher . I just try everything I can think of . thatcher ( read headline of paper he be still hold ) " enemy Armada off Jersey Coast . " you know you have not the slight proof that this - this armada - be off the Jersey Coast . kane can you prove it be not ? bernstein have come into the picture . he have a cable in he hand . he stop when he see thatcher . kane Mr. bernstein , Mr. thatcher - bernstein how be you , Mr. thatcher ? thatcher how do you do ? - bernstein we just have a wire from Cuba , Mr. kane - ( stop , embarrassed ) kane that 's all right . we have no secret from we reader . Mr. thatcher be one of we most devote reader , Mr. bernstein . he know what 's wrong with every issue since I have take charge . what 's the cable ? bernstein ( read ) the food be marvelous in Cuba the senoritas be beautiful stop I could send you prose poem of palm tree and sunrise and tropical color blend in far off landscape but do not feel right in spend you money for this stop there 's no war in Cuba regards wheeler . thatcher you see ! there have not be a true word - kane I think we will have to send we friend wheeler a cable , Mr. bernstein . of course , we will have to make it short than he , because he 's work on a expense account and we be not . let I see - ( snap he finger ) Mike ! mike ( a fairly tough customer prepare to take dictation , he mouth still full of food ) go ahead , Mr. kane . kane dear wheeler - ( pause a moment ) you provide the prose poem - I will provide the war . laughter from the boy and girl at the table . bernstein that 's fine , Mr. kane . kane I rather like it myself . send it right away . mike right away . bernstein right away . Mike and bernstein leave . kane look up , grin at thatcher , who be burst with indignation but control himself . after a moment of indecision , he decide to make one last try . thatcher I come to see you , Charles , about you - about the Enquirer 's campaign against the Metropolitan transfer company . kane wo not you step into my office , Mr. thatcher ? they cross the City room together . thatcher I think I should remind you , Charles , of a fact you seem to have forget . you be yourself one of the large individual stockholder . int . kane's office - day - kane hold the door open for thatcher . they come in together . kane Mr. thatcher , be not everything I have be say in the Enquirer about the traction trust absolutely true ? thatcher ( angrily ) they be all part of you general attack - you senseless attack - on everything and everybody who 's get more than ten cent in he pocket . they're - kane the trouble be , Mr. thatcher , you do not realize you be talk to two people . kane move around behind he desk . thatcher do not understand , look at he . kane as Charles Foster kane , who have eighty - two thousand , six hundred and thirty - one share of Metropolitan transfer - you see , I do have a rough idea of my holding - I sympathize with you . Charles Foster kane be a dangerous scoundrel , he paper should be run out of town and a committee should be form to boycott he . you may , if you can form such a committee , put I down for a contribution of one thousand dollar . thatcher ( angrily ) Charles , my time be too valuable for I - kane on the other hand - ( he manner become serious ) I be the publisher of the Enquirer . as such , it be my duty - I will let you in on a little secret , it be also my pleasure - to see to it that decent , hard - work people of this city be not rob blind by a group of money - mad pirate because , God help they , they have no one to look after they interest ! I will let you in on another little secret , Mr. thatcher . I think I be the man to do it . you see , I have money and property - thatcher do not understand he . kane if I do not defend the interest of the underprivileged , somebody else will - maybe somebody without any money or any property and that would be too bad . thatcher glare at he , unable to answer . kane start to dance . kane do you know how to tap , Mr. thatcher ? you ought to learn - ( hum quietly , he continue to dance ) thatcher put on he hat . thatcher I happen to see you consolidate statement yesterday , Charles . could I not suggest to you that it be unwise for you to continue this philanthropic enterprise - ( sneeringly ) this Enquirer - that be cost you one million dollar a year ? kane you be right . we do lose a million dollar last year . thatcher think maybe the point have register . kane we expect to lose a million next year , too . you know , Mr. thatcher - ( start tapping quietly ) at the rate of a million a year - we will have to close this place in sixty year . dissolve : int . the vault room - thatcher memorial library - day Thompson - at the desk . with a gesture of annoyance , he be close the manuscript . camera arc quickly around from over he shoulder to hold on door behind he , miss he face as he rise and turn to confront miss Anderson , who have come into the room to shoo he out . very prominent on this wall be a over-size oil painting of thatcher in the best Union League Club renaissance style . miss anderson you have enjoy a very rare privilege , young man . do you find what you be look for ? thompson no . tell I something , miss Anderson . you be not rosebud , be you ? miss anderson what ? thompson I do not think you be . well , thanks for the use of the hall . he put he hat on he head and start out , lighting a cigarette as he go . miss Anderson , scandalize , watch he . fade out : fade in : int . bernstein office - enquirer skyscraper - day - closeup of a still of kane , age about sixty - five . camera pull back , show it be a frame photograph on the wall . over the picture be cross american flag . under it sit bernstein , back of he desk . bernstein , always a undersized Jew , now seem even smaller than in he youth . he be bald as a egg , spry , with remarkably intense eye . as camera continue to travel back , the back of Thompson 's head and he shoulder come into the picture . bernstein ( wryly ) who 's a busy man ? me? I be Chairman of the board . I get nothing but time ... what do you want to know ? thompson ( still explain ) well , Mr. bernstein , you be with Mr. kane from the very beginning - bernstein from before the beginning , young fellow . and now it 's after the end . ( turn to Thompson ) anything you want to know about he - about the paper - thompson - we think maybe , if we can find out what he mean by that last word - as he be die - bernstein that rosebud ? maybe some girl ? there be a lot of they back in the early day , and - thompson not some girl he know casually and then remember after fifty year , on he death bed - bernstein you be pretty young , Mr. - ( remember the name ) Mr. Thompson . a fellow will remember thing you would not think he would remember . you take I . one day , back in 1896 , I be crossing over to Jersey on a ferry and as we pull out , there be another ferry pull in - ( slowly ) - and on it , there be a girl wait to get off . a white dress she have on - and she be carry a white pastrol - and I only see she for one second and she do not see I at all - but I will bet a month have not go by since that I have not think of that girl . ( triumphantly ) see what I mean ? ( smile ) well , so what be you do about this " rosebud , " Mr. Thompson . thompson I be call on people who know Mr. kane . I be call on you . bernstein who else you be to see ? thompson well , I go down to Atlantic City - bernstein susie ? I call she myself the day after he die . I think maybe somebody ought to ... ( sadly ) she could not even come to the ' phone . thompson you know why ? she be so - bernstein sure , sure . thompson I be go back there . bernstein who else do you see ? thompson nobody else , but I have be through that stuff of walter thatcher 's . that journal of he - bernstein thatcher ! that man be the biggest darn fool I ever meet - thompson he make a awful lot of money . bernstein it 's not trick to make a awful lot of money if all you want be to make a lot of money . ( he eye get reflective ) thatcher ! bernstein look out of the window and keep on look , seem to see something as he talk . bernstein he never know there be anything in the world but money . that kind of fellow you can fool every day in the week - and twice on Sunday ! ( reflectively ) the time he come to Rome for Mr. kane 's twenty - fifth birthday ... you know , when Mr. kane get control of he own money ... such a fool like thatcher - I tell you , nobody 's business ! dissolve out : dissolve in : int . bernstein office - day - bernstein speak to Thompson . bernstein he know what he want , Mr. kane do , and he get it ! thatcher never do figure he out . he be hard to figure sometimes , even for I . Mr. kane be a genius like he say . he have that funny sense of humor . sometimes even I do not get the joke . like that night the opera house of he open in Chicago ... you know , the opera house he build for susie , she should be a opera singer ... ( indicate with a little wave of he hand what he think of that ; sighing ) that be year later , of course - 1914 it be . Mrs. kane take the lead part in the opera , and she be terrible . but nobody have the nerve to say so - not even the critic . Mr. kane be a big man in that day . but this one fellow , this friend of he , Branford leland - he leave the sentence up in the air , as we dissolve : int . CITY room - chicago enquirer - night - it be late . the room be almost empty . nobody be at work at the desk . bernstein , fifty , be wait anxiously with a little group of kane 's hireling , most of they in evening dress with overcoat and hat . eveybody be tense and expectant . CITY editor ( turn to a young hireling ; quietly ) what about Branford leland ? have he get in he copy ? hireling not yet . bernstein go in and ask he to hurry . CITY editor well , why do not you , Mr. bernstein ? you know Mr. leland . bernstein ( look at he for a moment ; then slowly ) I might make he nervous . CITY editor ( after a pause ) you and leland and Mr. kane - you be great friend back in the old day , I understand . bernstein ( with a smile ) that 's right . they call we the " Three musketeer . " somebody behind bernstein have trouble conceal he laughter . the City editor speak quickly to cover the situation . CITY editor he 's a great guy - leland . ( another little pause ) why would he ever leave New York ? bernstein ( he be not say ) that 's a long story . another hireling ( a tactless one ) be not there some sort of quarrel between - bernstein ( quickly ) I have nothing to do with it . ( then , somberly ) it be leland and Mr. kane , and you could not call it a quarrel exactly . better we should forget such thing - ( turn to City editor ) leland be write it up from the dramatic angle ? CITY editor yes . I think it be a good idea . we have cover it from the news end , of course . bernstein and the social . how about the music notice ? you get that in ? CITY editor oh , yes , it 's already make up . we Mr. mervin write a small review . bernstein enthusiastic ? CITY editor yes , very ! ( quietly ) naturally . bernstein well , well - be not that nice ? kane's voice Mr. bernstein - bernstein turn . medium long shot of kane , now forty - nine , already quite stout . he be in white tie , wear he overcoat and carry a fold opera hat . bernstein hello , Mr. kane . the hireling rush , with bernstein , to kane 's side . widespread , half - suppress sensation . CITY editor Mr. kane , this be a surprise ! kane we have get a nice plant here . everybody fall silent . there be not anything to say . kane be the show cover by every department ? CITY editor exactly accord to you instruction , Mr. kane . we have get two spread of picture . kane ( very , very casually ) and the notice ? CITY editor yes - Mr. kane . kane ( quietly ) be it good ? CITY editor yes , Mr. kane . kane look at he for a minute . CITY editor but there 's another one still to come - the dramatic notice . kane ( sharply ) it be not finish ? CITY editor no , Mr. kane . kane that 's leland , be not it ? CITY editor yes , Mr. kane . kane have he say when he will finish ? CITY editor we have not hear from he . kane he use to work fast - do not he , Mr. bernstein ? bernstein he sure do , Mr. kane . kane where be he ? another hireling right in there , Mr. kane . the hireling indicate the close glass door of a little office at the other end of the City room . kane take it in . bernstein ( helpless , but very concerned ) mr. kane - kane that 's all right , Mr. bernstein . kane cross the length of the long City room to the glass door indicate before by the hireling . the City editor look at bernstein . kane open the door and go into the office , close the door behind he . bernstein leland and Mr. kane - they have not speak together for ten year . ( long pause ; finally ) Excuse I . ( start toward the door ) int . leland office - chicago enquirer - night - bernstein come in . a empty bottle be stand on leland 's desk . he have fall over he typewriter , he face on the key . a sheet of paper be in the machine . a paragraph have be type . kane be stand at the other side of the desk look down on he . this be the first time we see murder in kane 's face . bernstein look at kane , then cross to leland . he shake he . bernstein hey , Brad ! Brad ! ( he straighten , look at kane ; pause ) he be not be drink before , Mr. kane . never . we would have hear . kane ( finally ; after a pause ) what do it say there ? bernstein stare at he . kane what 's he write ? bernstein look over nearsightedly , painfully read the paragraph write on the page . bernstein ( read ) " miss Susan Alexander , a pretty but hopelessly incompetent amateur - ( he wait for a minute to catch he breath ; he do not like it ) - last night open the new Chicago Opera House in a performance of - of - " ( look up miserably ) I can not pronounce that name , Mr. kane . kane thais . bernstein look at kane for a moment , then look back , torture . bernstein ( read again ) " her sing , happily , be no concern of this department . of she act , it be absolutely impossible to ... " ( he continue to stare at the page ) kane ( after a short silence ) go on ! bernstein ( without look up ) that 's all there be . kane snatch the paper from the roller and read it for himself . slowly , a queer look come over he face . then he speak , very quietly . kane of she act , it be absolutely impossible to say anything except that it represent a new low ... ( then sharply ) have you get that , Mr. bernstein ? in the opinion of this reviewer - bernstein ( miserably ) I do not see that . kane it be not here , Mr. bernstein . I be dictating it . bernstein ( look at he ) I can not take shorthand . kane get I a typewriter . I will finish the notice . bernstein retreat from the room . quick dissolve out : quick dissolve in : int . leland office - chicago enquirer - night - Long shot of kane in he shirt sleeve , illuminate by a desk light , type furiously . as the camera start to pull even farther away from this , and as bernstein - as narrator - begin to speak - quick dissolve : int . bernstein office - day - bernstein speak to Thompson . bernstein he finish it . he write the worst notice I ever read about the girl he love . we run it in every paper . thompson ( after a pause ) I guess Mr. kane do not think so well of susie 's art anyway . bernstein ( look at he very soberly ) he think she be great , Mr. Thompson . he really believe that . he put all he ambition on that girl . after she come along , he never really care for himself like he use to . oh , I do not blame susie - thompson well , then , how could he write that roast ? the notice in the kane papers be always very kind to she . bernstein oh , yes . he see to that . I tell you , Mr. Thompson , he be a hard man to figure out . he have that funny sense of humor . and then , too , maybe he think by finish that piece he could show leland he be a honest man . you see , leland do not think so . I guess he show he all right . he 's a nice fellow , but he 's a dreamer . they be always together in that early day when we just start the Enquirer . on this last word , we dissolve : int . CITY room - enquirer build - day - the front half of the second floor constitute one large City room . despite the brilliant sunshine outside , very little of it be actually get into the room because the window be small and narrow . there be about a dozen table and desk , of the old - fashioned type , not flat , available for reporter . two table , on a raise platform at the end of the room , obviously serve the city room executive . to the leave of the platform be a open door which lead into the sanctrum . as kane and leland enter the room , a elderly , stout go on the raise platform , strike a bell and the other eight occupant of the room - all man - rise and face the new arrival . Carter , the elderly go , in formal clothes , rise and start toward they . carter welcome , Mr. kane , to the " Enquirer . " I be Herbert Carter . kane thank you , Mr Carter . this be Mr. leland . carter ( bow ) how do you do , Mr. leland ? kane ( point to the stand reporter ) be they stand for I ? carter I think it would be a nice gesture the new publisher - kane ( grin ) ask they to sit down . carter you may resume you work , gentleman . ( to kane ) I do not know you plan and so I be unable to make any preparation . kane I do not my plan myself . they be follow Carter to he raise platform . kane as a matter of fact , I have not get any . except to get out a newspaper . there be a terrific crash at the doorway . they all turn to see bernstein sprawle at the entrance . a roll of bedding , a suitcase , and two frame picture be too much for he . kane oh , Mr. bernstein ! bernstein look up . kane if you would come here a moment , please , Mr. bernstein ? bernstein rise and come over , tidy himself as he come . kane Mr. Carter , this be Mr. bernstein . Mr. bernstein be my general manager . carter ( frigidly ) how do you do , Mr. bernstein ? kane you have get a private office here , have not you ? the delivery wagon driver have now appear in the entrance with part of the bedstead and other furniture . he be look about , a bit bewilder . carter ( indicate open door to leave of platform ) my little sanctum be at you disposal . but I do not think I understand - kane I be go to live right here . ( reflectively ) as long as I have to . carter but a morning newspaper , Mr. kane . after all , we be practically close twelve hour a day - except for the business office - kane that 's one of the thing I think must be change , Mr. Carter . the news go on for twenty - four hour a day . dissolve : int . kane's office - late day - kane , in he shirt sleeve , at a roll - top desk in the sanctum , be work feverishly on copy and eat a very sizeable meal at the same time . Carter , still formally coat , be seat alongside he . leland , seat in a corner , be look on , detach , amused . the furniture have be push around and kane 's effect be somewhat in place . on a corner of the desk , bernstein be write down figure . no one pay any attention to he . kane I be not criticize , Mr. Carter , but here 's what I mean . there 's a front page story in the " Chronicle , " ( point to it ) and a picture - of a woman in Brooklyn who be miss . probably murder . ( look to make sure of the name ) a Mrs. Harry silverstone . why do not the " Enquirer " have that this morning ? carter ( stiffly ) because we be run a newspaper , Mr. kane , not a scandal sheet . kane have finish eat . he push away he plate . kane I be still hungry , Brad . let 's go to rector 's and get something decent . ( point to the " Chronicle " before he ) the " Chronicle " have a two - column headline , Mr. Carter . why have not we ? carter there be no news big enough . kane if the headline be big enough , it make the new big enough . the murder of Mrs. Harry silverstone - carter ( hotly ) as a matter of fact , we send a man to the silverstone home yesterday afternoon . ( triumphantly ) we man even arrive before the " Chronicle " reporter . and there 's no proof that the woman be murder - or even that she 's dead . kane ( smile a bit ) the " Chronicle " do not say she 's murder , Mr. Carter . it say the neighbor be get suspicious . carter ( stiffly ) it 's not we function to report the gossip of housewive . if we be interested in that kind of thing , Mr. kane , we could fill the paper twice over daily - kane ( gently ) that 's the kind of thing we be go to be interested in from now on , Mr. Carter . right now , I wish you would send you best man up to see Mr. silverstone . have he tell Mr. silverstone if he do not produce he wife at once , the " Enquirer " will have he arrest . ( he get a idea ) have he tell Mr. silverstone he 's a detective from the Central Office . if Mr. silverstone ask to see he badge , you man be to get indignant and call Mr. silverstone a anarchist . loudly , so that the neighbor can hear . carter really , Mr. kane , I can not see the function of a respectable newspaper - kane be not listen to he . kane oh , Mr. bernstein ! bernstein look up from he figure . kane I have just make a shocking discovery . the " Enquirer " be without a telephone . have two install at once ! bernstein I order six already this morning ! get a discount ! kane look at leland with a fond nod of he head at bernstein . leland grin back . Mr. Carter , meantime , have rise stiffly . carter but , Mr. kane - kane that will be all today , Mr. Carter . you have be most understanding . good day , Mr. Carter ! Carter , with a look that run just short of apoplexy , leave the room , close the door behind he . leland poor Mr. Carter ! kane ( shake he head ) what make that fellow think that a newspaper be something rigid , something inflexible , that people be suppose to pay two cent for - bernstein ( without look up ) Three cent . kane ( calmly ) two cent . bernstein lift he head and look at kane . kane gaze back at he . bernstein ( tapping on the paper ) this be all figure at three cent a copy . kane re-figure it , Mr. bernstein , at two cent . bernstein ( sigh and put papers in he pocket ) all right , but I will keep this figure , too , just in case . kane ready for dinner , Brad ? bernstein Mr. leland , if Mr. kane , he should decide to drop the price to one cent , or maybe even he should make up he mind to give the paper away with a half - pound of tea - you will just hold he until I get back , will not you ? leland I be not guarantee a thing , Mr. bernstein . you people work too fast for I ! talk about new broom ! bernstein who say anything about broom ? kane it 's a say , Mr. bernstein . a new broom sweep clean . bernstein oh ! dissolve : int . primitive composing and pressroom - new york enquirer - night - the ground floor witht he window on the street - of the " Enquirer . " it be almost midnight by a old - fashioned clock on the wall . group around a large table , on which be several lock form of type , very old - fashioned of course , but true to the period - be kane and leland in elegant evening clothes , bernstein , unchange from the afternoon , and smather , the compose room foreman , nervous and harass . smather but it 's impossible , Mr. kane . we can not remake this page . kane this page be not make up as I want they , Mr. smather . we go to press in five minute . carter ( about to crack up ) the " Enquirer " have a old and honore tradition , Mr. kane ... the " Enquirer " be not in competition with that other rag . bernstein we should be publishing such rag , that 's all I wish . why , the " Enquirer " - I would not wrap up the liver for the cat in the " Enquirer " - carter ( enraged ) Mr. kane , I must ask you to see to it that this - this person learn to control he tongue . kane look up . carter I have be a newspaperman my whole life and I do not intend - ( he start to sputter ) - if it 's you intention that I should continue to be harass by this - this - ( he 's really sore ) I warn you , Mr. kane , it would go against my grain to desert you when you need I so badly - but I would feel oblige to ask that my resignation be accept . kane it be accept , Mr. Carter , with assurance of my deep regard . carter but Mr. kane , I mean - kane turn he back on he , speak again to the compose room foreman . kane ( quietly ) let 's remake this page , Mr. smather . we will have to publish a half hour late , that 's all . smather ( as though kane be talk Greek ) we can not remake they , Mr. kane . we go to press in five minute . kane sigh , unperturb , as he reach out he hand and shove the form off the table onto the floor , where they scatter into hundred of bit . kane you can remake they now , can not you , Mr. smather ? smather 's mouth open wider and wider . Bradford and bernstein be grin . kane after the type have be reset and the page have be remade accord to the way I tell you before , Mr. smather , kindly have proofs pull and bring they to I . then , if I can not find any way to improve they again - ( almost as if reluctantly ) - I suppose we will have to go to press . he start out of the room , follow by leland . bernstein ( to smather ) in case you do not understand , Mr. smather - he 's a new broom . dissolve out : dissolve in : ext . new york STREET - very early dawn - the picture be mainly occupy by a large building , on the roof of which the light spell out the word " Enquirer " against the sunrise . we do not see the street or the first few storey of this building , the window of which would be certainly illuminate . what we do see be the floor on which be locate the City room . over this scene , newboy be hear sell the Chronicle , they voice grow in volume . as the dissolve complete itself , camera move toward the one light window - the window of the sanctrum . dissolve : int . kane's office - very early dawn - the newsboy be still hear from the street below - fainter but very insistent . kane 's office be gas-lit , of course , as be the rest of the Enquirer building . kane , in he shirt sleeve , stand at the open window look out . the bed be already make up . on it be seat bernstein , smoking the end of a cigar . leland be in a chair . newsboys ' voice chronicle ! chronicle ! h'ya - the chronicle - get ya ! chronicle ! kane , take a deep breath of the morning air , close the window and turn to the other . the voice of the newsboy , naturally , be very much fainter after this . leland we will be on the street soon , Charlie - another ten minute . bernstein ( look at he watch ) it 's three hour and fifty minute late - but we do it - leland rise from the chair , stretch painfully . kane tire ? leland it 's be a tough day . kane a waste day . bernstein ( look up ) wasted ? leland ( incredulously ) Charlie ?! bernstein you just make the paper over four time today , Mr. kane . that 's all - kane I have change the front page a little , Mr. bernstein . that 's not enough - there 's something I have get to get into this paper besides picture and print - I have get to make the " New York Enquirer " as important to New York as the gas in that light . leland ( quietly ) what be you go to do , Charlie ? kane look at he for a minute with a queer smile of happy concentration . kane my declaration of principle - ( he say it with quote around it ) do not smile , Brad - ( get the idea ) take dictation , Mr. bernstein - bernstein can not take shorthand , Mr. kane - kane I will write it myself . kane grab a piece of rough paper and a grease crayon . sitting down on the bed next to bernstein , he start to write . bernstein ( look over he shoulder ) you do not wanta make any promise , Mr. kane , you do not wanta keep . kane ( as he write ) this will be keep . ( stop for a minute and read what he have write ; read ) I will provide the people of this city with a daily paper that will tell all the news honestly . ( start to write again ; read as he write ) will also provide they - leland that 's the second sentence you have start with " I " - kane ( look up ) people be go to know who 's responsible . and they be go to get the news - the true news - quickly and simply and entertainingly . ( he speak with real conviction ) and no special interest will be allow to interfere with the truth of that news . he look at leland for a minute and go back to he write , read as he write . bernstein have rise and cross to one side of kane . they both stand look out . leland join he on the other side . they three head be silhouett against the sky . leland 's head be see to turn slightly as he look into kane 's face - camera very close on this - kane turn to he and we know they eye have meet , although they face be almost in sillhouette . bernstein be still smoking a cigar . dissolve : Front page of the " Enquirer " show big box editorial with head : my principle - a declaration by charle foster kane camera continue pull back and show newspaper to be on the top of a pile of newspaper . as we draw further back , we see four pile , and as camera contine to pull back , we see six pile and go on back until we see a big field of " enquirer " - pile of " enquirer " - all 26,000 copy ready for distribution . a wagon with a huge sign on its side read " enquirer - circulation 26,000 " pass through foreground , and we wipe to : a pile of " enquirer " for sale on a break down wooden box on a street corner , obviously a poor district . a couple of coin fall on the pile . the stoop of a period door with old - fashioned enamel milk can and a bag of roll . across the sidewalk before this , move the shadow of a old - fashioned bicycle with a enormous front wheel . a copy of the " Enquirer " be toss on the stoop . a breakfast table - beautiful linen and beautiful silver - everything very expensive , gleam in the sunshine . into a silver newspaper rack there be slip a copy of the " Enquirer " . here , as before , the box editorial read my principle - a declaration by charle foster kane , be very prominent on the front page . the wooden floor of a railroad station , flash light and dark as a train behind the camera rush by . on the floor , there be toss a bound bundle of the " New York Enquirer " - the declaration of principle still prominent . rural Delivery - a copy of the " Enquirer " 's be put into bin , show state distribution . the railroad platform again . we stay here for four image . on each image , the speed of the train be faster and the pile of the " Enquirer " be larger . on the first image , we move in to hold on the word " circulation - 31,000 . " we be this close for the next pile which read 40000 ; the next one which read 55,000 , and the last which be 62,000 . in each instance , the bundle of newspaper be thicker and the speed of the move train behind the camera be increase . the entire montage above indicate be accompany by a descriptive complement of sound - the traffic noise of New York in the 1890' ; wheel on cobblestone and horse ' hoof ; bicycle bell ; the moon of cattle and the crow of rooster ( in the rfd shot ) , and in all case where the railroad platform be use - the mount sound of the railroad train . the last figure " 62,000 " opposite the word " circulation " on the " Enquirer " masthead change to : ext . STREET and chronicle buiding - day - angle up to wall of building - a painter on a cradle be put the last zero to the figure " 62,000 " on a enormous sign advertising the " Enquirer . " it read : the enquirer the people's newspaper circulation 62,000 camera travel down side of building - take in another building on which there be a sign which read : read the enquirer america's finest circulation 62,000 camera continue to travel down to sidewalk in front of the Chronicle office . the Chronicle office have a plateglass window in which be reflect traffic move up and down the street , also the figure of kane , leland and bernstein , who be munch peanut . Inside the window , almost fill it , be a large photograph of the " Chronicle " staff , with Reilly prominently seat in the center . a sign over the photo read : editorial and executive staff of the new york chronicle . a sign beneath it read : greatest newspaper staff in the world . the sign also include the " Chronicle " circulation figure . there be nine man in the photo . bernstein ( look up at the sign - happily ) sixty - two thousand - leland that look pretty nice . kane ( indicate the Chronicle Building ) let 's hope they like it there . bernstein from the Chronicle Building that sign be the biggest thing you can see - every floor guarantee - let 's hope it bother they - it cost we enough . kane ( point to the sign over the photograph in the window ) look at that . leland the " Chronicle " be a good newspaper . kane it 's a good idea for a newspaper . ( read the figure ) four hundred sixy thousand . bernstein say , with they fellow - ( refer to the photo ) - it 's no trick to get circulation . kane you be right , Mr. bernstein . bernstein ( sigh ) you know how long it take the " Chronicle " to get that staff together ? twenty year . kane I know . kane , smile , light a cigarette , at the same time look into the window . camera move in to hold on the photograph of nine man , still hold the reflection of kane 's smile face . dissolve : int . CITY room - the enquirer - night - nine man , array as in the photograph , but with kane beam in the center of the first row . the man , variously with mustaches , beard , bald head , etc . be easily identify as be the same man , Reilly prominent amongst they . as camera pull back , it be reveal that they be be photograph - by a old - type professional photographer , big box , black hood and all - in a corner of the room . it be 1:30 at night . desk , etc. have be push against the wall . running down the center of the room be a long banquet table , at which twenty diner have finish they meal . the eleven remain at they seat - this include bernstein and leland - be amusedly watch the photographic ceremony . photographer that 's all . thank you . the photographic subject rise . kane ( a sudden think ) make up a extra copy and mail it to the " Chronicle . " chuckle and beam , he make he way to he place at the head of the table . the other have already sit down . kane get he guest ' attention by rapping on the table with a knife . kane gentlemen of the " Enquirer " ! this have , I think , be a fitting welcome to that distinguished journalist - ( indicate the eight man ) Mr. Reilly in particular - who be the latest addition to we rank . it will make they happy to learn that the " Enquirer 's " circulation this morning pass the two hundred thousand mark . bernstein two hundred and one thousand , six hundred and forty - seven . General applause . kane all of you - new and old - you be all get the best salaries in town . not one of you have be hire because of he loyalty . it 's you talent I be interested in . that talent that 's go to make the " Enquirer " the kind of paper I want - the best newspaper in the world ! applause . kane however , I think you will agree we have hear enough about newspaper and the newspaper business for one night . there be other subject in the world . he put he two finger in he mouth and let out a shrill whistle . this be a signal . a band strike up a lively ditty of the period and enter in advance a regiment of very magnificent maiden , as daringly array as possible in the chorus costume of the day . the rest of this episode will be plan and stage later . its essence be that kane be just a healthy and happy young man have a wonderful time . as some of the girl be detach from the line and make into partner for individual dance - dissolve out : dissolve in : the " enquirer " sign : the enquirer america's finest circulation 274,321 dissolve just complete itself - the image of kane dance with a girl on each arm just disappear as camera pan down off the Temple bldg . in the same action as the previous street scene . there be a new sign on the side of the building below . it read : read the enquirer greatest staff in the world camera continue pan as we dissolve : a montage of various scene , between the year 1891-1900 . the scene indicate the growth of the " Enquirer " under the impulse of kane 's personal drive . kane be show , thus , at various activity : move down from the sign : read the enquirer greatest staff in the world to street in front of saloon with parade pass ( boy go off to the Spanish - american War ) - a torchlight parade with the torch reflect in the glass window of the saloon - the sound of brass band play " it 's a hot time . " in the window of the saloon be a large sign or poster " remember the maine " insert : remington draw of american boy , similar to the parade above , in which " we boy " in the expeditionary hat be see march off to war . back of observation car . shot of kane congratulate teddy Roosevelt ( the same shot as in the News digest - without flicker ) . the wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of " enquirer " - this time a enormous bundle - be throw down , and the move shadow of the train behind the camera indicate that it be go like a bat out of hell . a reproduction of kane and teddy shaking hand as above be very prominent in the frame and almost hog the entire front page . the headline indicate the surrender of Cuba . int . enquirer office cartoon , highly dramatic and very involved as to content - lousy with caption , label , and symbolic figure , the most gruesome and recognizable - " capitalistic greed . " this cartoon be almost finish and be on a draw board before which stand kane and the artist himself . kane be grin over some suggestion he have make . dissolve : the cartoon finish and reproduce on the editorial page of the " Enquirer " - in quite close , with a editorial and several face of cap show underneath . the entire newspaper be crush with a angry gesture and throw down into a expensive - look wastebasket ( which be primarily for ticker tape ) tape be pour . int . enquirer office cartoonist and kane work on comic strip of " johnny the monk . " dissolve : floor of room - two kid on floor , with newspaper spread out , look at the same comic strip . kane 's photographic gallery with photographer , stooge , and kane himself in attendance on a very hot-look item of the period . a sob sister be interview this hot number and kane be arrange she dress to look more seductive . dissolve out : dissolve in : the hot number reproduce and prominently display and cover almost half a page of the " Enquirer . " it be be read in a barber shop and be see in a over - shoulder shot of the man who be read it . he be get a shine , a manicure , and a haircut . the sob-sister caption over the photograph reveal : " I didn't know what I be do , say dancer . everything went red . " a oval photograph of the gun be include in the lay - out of the pretty lady with a headline which say : " death gun . " STREET - shot of bucket brigade shot of kane , in evening clothes , in obvious position of danger , grab camera from photographer . before he rage a terrific tenement fire . dissolve : insert : headline about inadequacy of present fire equipment . dissolve : final shot of a new horse - draw steam engine roaring around a street corner ( stock ) . dissolve : a black pattern of iron bar . we be in a prison cell . the door be open and a condemn man , with priest , warden and the usual attendant , move into foreground and start up the hall past a group which include phtographer , kane 's sob - sister , and kane . the photographer take picture with a mighty flash of old - fashioned flash powder . the condemn man in the foreground ( in silhouette ) be startle by this . dissolve : a copy of the " Enquirer " spread out on a table . a big lay - out of the execution story include the killer as photograph by kane 's photographer , and nearby on the other page there be a large picture of the new steam fire engine ( make from the stock shot ) with a headline indicate that the " Enquirer " have win its campaign for better equipment . a cup of coffee and a doughnut be on the newspaper , and a servant girl - over whose shoulder we see the paper - be stir the coffee . the beaux Art Ball . a number of elderly swell be jamme into a hallway . servant suddenly divest they of they fur , overcoat and wrap , revealing they to be in fancy dress costume , pink fleshing , etc. , the effect to be very surprising , very lavish and very very ridiculous . we see , among other , Mr. thatcher himself ( as Ben hur ) ribbon around , he bald head and all . at the conclusion of this tableau , the image freeze and we pull back to show it reproduce on the society page of the " New York Enquirer . " over the " Enquirer " 's pictorial version of the beaux Art Ball be throw a huge fish - then coffee grounds - altogether a pretty repulsive sight . the whole thing be bundle up and throw into a garbage can . extreme close - up of the word : " occupation - jounalist . " camera pull back to show passport open to the photograph page which show kane , register birth , race , and nationality . passport cover be close , show it to be a american passport . ext . cunard dock - gangplank and deck of boat - night - as camera pull back over shoulder of official , take in kane , leland , and bernstein , we see the bustle and noise of depart ocean liner . behind the principle can be see a enormous plain sign which read : " first CLASS . " from offstage can be hear the steward 's cry , indispensable in any mercury production , the old familiar cry , " all ashore that 's go ashore ! " - gong , also blast of the great whistle and all the rest of it . the official there you be , Mr. kane . everything in order . kane thank you . kane and leland and bernstein start up the gangplank . the official ( call ) have a good rest , Mr. kane . kane thanks . bernstein but please , Mr. kane , do not buy any more painting . nine venuse already we get , twenty - six virgin - two whole warehouse full of stuff - kane I promise not to bring any more venuse and not to worry - and not to try to get in touch with any of the papers - steward voice all ashore ! kane - and to forget about the new feature section - and not to try to think up and idea for comic section . steward voice all ashore that 's go ashore ! kane leave leland and bernstein midway up gangplank , as he rush up to it , call back with a wave : kane Goodbye , gent ! ( at the top of the gangplank , he turn and call down ) hey ! kane ( call down to they ) you do not expect I to keep any of that promise , do you ? a band on deck strike up " auld lang syne . " bernstein and leland turn to each other . bernstein do you , Mr. leland ? leland ( smile ) certainly not . they start down the gangplank together . dissolve : long shot of the enquirer build - night the pattern of telegraph wire , drip with rain , through which we see the same old building but now render fairly remarkable by tremendous outline sign in gold which read " the new york DAILY enquirer . " a couple of light show in the building . we start toward the window where the light show , as we - dissolve : ext . outside the window at bernstein desk - night the light in the window in the former shot be show behind the letter " E " of the Enquirer sign . now the letter " E " be even larger than the frame of the camera . rain drip disconsolately off the middle part of the figure . we see through this and through the drizzle of the window to bernstein 's desk where he sit work under a blue shade light . dissolve out : dissolve in : same setup as before except that it be now late afternoon and late in the winter of the year . the outline " E " be hang with icicle which be melting , drip despairingly between we and Mr. bernstein , still seat at he desk - still work . dissolve : same setup as before except that it be spring . instead of the sad sound of drip rain or drip icicle , we hear the melancholy cry of a hurdy - gurdy in the street below . it be spring and through the letter " E " we can see bernstein work at he desk . pigeon be gather on the " E " and on the sill . bernstein look up and see they . he take some crumb from he little homemade lunch which be spread out on the desk before he , carry they to the window and feed the pigeon , look moodily out on the prospect of spring on Park row . the bird eat the crumb - the hurdy - gurdy continue to play . dissolve : the same setup again , it be now summer . the window be half - open before .. now it 's open all the way and bernstein have go so far as to take off he coat . his shirt and he celluloid collar be wring wet . camera move toward the window to tighten on bernstein and to take in the City room behind he , which be absolutely desert . it be clear that there be almost nothing more for bernstein to do . the hurdy - gurdy in the street be play as before , but a new tune . dissolve : a beach on coney Island . bernstein in a rent period bathing suit sit alone in the sand , read a copy of the " Enquirer . " dissolve out : dissolve in : int . CITY room - enquirer build - day - the whole floor be now a City room . it be twice its former size , yet not too large for all the desk and the people use they . the window have be enlarge , provide a good deal more light and air . a wall calendar say September 9th . kane and bernstein enter and stand in the entrance a moment . kane , who really do look a bit peak before , be now clear - eye and tan . he be wear new English clothes . as they come into the room , bernstein practically walk sideways , be do nothing but beam and admire kane , quelling like a mother at the Carnegie Hall debut of she son . see and recognize kane , the entire staff rise to its foot . kane ( refer to the staff ; with a smile ) ask they to sit down , Mr. bernstein . bernstein sit down , everybody - for heaven 's sake ! the order be immediately obey , everybody go into business of feverish activity . bernstein so then , tonight , we go over everything thoroughly , eh? especially the new papers - kane we certainly do . vacation 's over - start right after dinner . but right now - that lady over there - ( he indicate a woman at the desk ) - that 's the new society editor , I take it ? you think I could interrupt she a moment , Mr. bernstein ? bernstein huh ? oh , I forget - you have be away so long I forget about you joke - he trail after kane as he approach the Society editor 's desk . the Society editor , a middle - age spinster , see he approach and start to quake all over , but try to pretend she be not aware of he . a envelope in she hand shake violently . kane and bernstein stop at she desk . bernstein miss townsend - miss townsend look up and be so surprised to see bernstein with a stranger . miss townsend good afternoon , Mr. bernstein . bernstein this be Mr. kane , miss townsend . miss townsend can not stick to she plan . she start to rise , but she leg be none too good under she . she knock over a tray of copy paper as she rise , and bend to pick it up . kane ( very hesitatingly and very softly ) miss townsend - at the sound of he voice , she straighten up . she be very close to death from excitement . kane I have be away for several month , and I do not know exactly how this thing be handle now . but one thing I want to be sure of be that you will not treat this little announcement any differently than you would any other similar announcement . he hand she a envelope . she have difficulty in hold on to it . kane ( gently ) read it , miss townsend . and remember - just the regular treatment ! see you at nine o'clock , Mr. bernstein ! kane leave . bernstein look after he , then at the paper . miss townsend finally manage to open the envelope . a piece of flimsy paper , with a few write line , be she reward . miss townsend ( read ) Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore norton announce the engagement of they daughter , Emily Monroe norton , to Mr. Charles Foster kane . bernstein ( start to read it ) Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore norton announce - miss townsend ( flutter - on top of he ) she 's - she 's the niece of - of the President of the United States - bernstein ( nodd proudly ) know . come on , miss townsend - from the window , maybe we can get a look . he take she by the hand and lead she off . angle toward open window . bernstein and miss townsend , back to camera , rush to the window . ext . STREET outside enquirer build - day - High angle downward - what bernstein and miss townsend see from the window . kane be just step into a elegant barouch , draw up at the curb , in which sit miss Emily norton . he kiss she full on the lip before he sit down . she act a bit take aback , because of the public nature of the scene , but she be not really annoyed . as the barouche start off , she be look at he adoringly . he , however , have turn he head and be look adoringly at the " Enquirer . " he apparently see bernstein and miss townsed and wave he hand . int . CITY room - enquirer - day - bernstein and miss townsend at window . bernstein a girl like that , believe I , she 's lucky ! preside not niece , huh ! say , before he 's through , she will be a preside not wife . miss townsend be now dewey -ey . she look at bernstein , who have turn away , gaze down at the depart couple . dissolve : Front page of the " Enquirer . " large picture of the young couple - kane and Emily - occupy four column - very happy . dissolve : int . bernstein office - enquirer - day - bernstein and Thompson . as the dissolve come , bernstein 's voice be hear . bernstein the way thing turn out , I do not need to tell you - miss Emily norton be no rosebud ! thompson it do not end very well , do it ? bernstein ( shaking he head ) it end - ( a slight pause ) then there be susie - that end , too . ( shrug , a pause ; then look up into Thompson 's eye ) guess he do not make she very happy - ( a pause ) you know , I be think - that rosebud you be try to find out about - thompson yes - bernstein maybe that be something he lose . Mr. kane be a man that lose - almost everything he have - ( a pause ) you ought to talk to Bradford leland . he could tell you a lot . I wish I could tell you where leland be , but I do not know myself . he may be out of town somewhere - he may be dead . thompson in case you would like to know , Mr. bernstein , he 's at the huntington Memorial Hospital on 180th Street . bernstein you do not say ! why I have no idea - thompson nothing particular the matter with he , they tell I . just - ( control himself ) bernstein just old age . ( smile sadly ) it 's the only disease , Mr. Thompson , you do not look forward to be cure of . ( pause ) you ought to see Mr. leland . there 's a whole lot of thing he could tell you - if he want to . fade out : fade in : ext . hospital roof - day - Close shot - Thompson . he be tilt back in a chair which seem to be , and be , lean against a chimney . leland 's voice be hear for a few moment before leland be see . leland voice when you get to my age , young man , you do not miss anything . unless maybe it 's a good drink of bourbon . even that do not make much difference , if you remember there have not be any good bourbon in this country for twenty year . camera have pull back , during above speech , revealing that leland , wrap in a blanket , be in a wheel chair , talk to Thompson . they be on the flat roof of a hospital . other people in wheel chair can be see in the background , along with a nurse or two . they be all sun themselves . thompson Mr. leland , you be - leland you do not happen to have a cigar , do you ? I have get a young physician - must remember to ask to see he license - the odd be a hundred to one he have not get one - who think I be go to stop smoking ... I change the subject , do not I ? dear , dear ! what a disagreeable old man I have become . you want to know what I think of Charlie kane ? well - I suppose he have some private sort of greatness . but he keep it to himself . ( grin ) he never - give himself away - he never give anything away . he just - leave you a tip . he have a generous mind . I do not suppose anybody ever have so many opinion . that be because he have the power to express they , and Charlie live on power and the excitement of use it - but he do not believe in anything except Charlie kane . he never have a conviction in he life . I guess he die without one - that must have be pretty unpleasant . of course , a lot of we check out with no special conviction about death . but we do know what we be leave ... we believe in something . ( look sharply at Thompson ) you be absolutely sure you have not get a cigar ? thompson sorry , Mr. leland . leland never mind - bernstein tell you about the first day at the office , do not he ? well , Charlie be a bad newspaper man even then . he entertained he reader , but he never tell they the truth . thompson maybe you could remember something that - leland I can remember everything . that 's my curse , young man . it 's the great curse that 's ever be inflicted on the human race . memory - I be he oldest friend . ( slowly ) as far as I be concerned , he behave like swine . maybe I wasnt ' he friend . if I be not , he never have one . maybe I be what nowadays you call a stooge - dissolve out : dissolve in : int . CITY room - the enquirer - night - the party ( previously show in the bernstein sequence ) . we start this sequence toward the end of the former one , but from a fresh angle , hold on leland , who be at the end of the table . kane be hear off , make a speech . kane's voice not one of you have be hire because of he loyalty . it 's you talent I be interested in . that talent that 's go to make the " Enquirer " the kind of paper I want - the best newspaper in the world ! applause . during above , bernstein have come to leland 's side . bernstein be not it wonderful ? such a party ! leland yes . his tone cause bernstein to look at he . kane's voice however , I think you will agree we have hear enough about newspaper and the newspaper business for one night . the above speech be hear under the follow dialogue . bernstein ( to leland ) what 's the matter ? leland Mr. bernstein , this man who be now with the " Enquirer " - who be with the " Chronicle " until yesterday - be not they just as devote to the " Chronicle " kind of paper as they be now to - we kind of paper ? bernstein sure . they be like anybody else . they get work to do . they do it . ( proudly ) only they happen to be the best man in the business . kane ( finish he speech ) there be other subject in the world - kane whistle . the band and the chorus girl enter and hell break loose all around leland and bernstein . leland ( after a minute ) do we stand for the same thing that the " Chronicle " stand for , Mr. bernstein ? bernstein ( indignantly ) certainly not . so what 's that get to do with it ? Mr. kane , he will have they change to he kind of newspapermen in a week . leland probably . there 's always a chance , of course , that they will change Mr. kane - without he know it . kane have come up to leland and bernstein . he sit down next to they , lighting a cigarette . kane well , gentleman , be we go to war ? leland we reader be , anyway , I do not know about the rest of the country . kane ( enthusiastically ) it will be we first foreign war in fifty year , Brad . we will cover it the way the " hickville gazette " cover the church social ! the name of everybody there ; what they wear ; what they eat ; who win the prize ; who give the prize - ( get excited ) I tell you , Brad , I envy you . ( quote ) by Bradford leland , the " Enquirer 's " special correspondent at the Front . I be almost tempt - leland but there be no Front , Charlie . there 's a very doubtful civil war . besides , I do not want the job . kane all right , Brad , all right - you do not have to be a war correspondent unless you want to - I would want to . ( look up ) hello , georgie . georgie , a very handsome madam have walk into the picture , stand behind he . she lean over and speak quietly in he ear . georgie be everything the way you want it , dear ? kane ( look around ) if everybody 's have fun , that 's the way I want it . georgie I have get some other little girl come over - leland ( interrupt ) Charles , I tell you there be no war ! there 's a condition that should be remedy - but between that and a - kane ( seriously ) how would the " Enquirer " look with no news about this non-existent war - with benton , pulitzer and heart devote twenty column a day to it ? leland they do it only because you do ! kane ( grin ) and I do it because they do it , and they do it - it 's a vicious circle , be not it ? ( rise ) I be go over to georgie 's , Brad - you know , georgie , do not you ? leland nod . georgie ( over kane 's next line ) glad to meet you , Brad . leland shudder . kane I tell you about Brad , georgie . he need to relax . Brad do not answer . kane some ship with wonderful wine have manage to slip through the enemy fleet that 's blockade New York harbor - ( grin ) georgie know a young lady whom I be sure you would adore - would not he , georgie ? why only the other evening I say to myself , if Brad be only here to adore this young lady - this - ( snap he finger ) what 's she name again ? dissolve out : dissolve in : int . georgie' place - night - georgie be introduce a young lady to Branford leland . on sound track we hear piano music . georgie ( right on cue from precede scene ) ethel - this gentleman have be very anxious to meet you - this be ethel . ethel hello , Mr. leland . camera pan to include kane , seat at piano , with girl gather around he . one of the girl Charlie ! play the song about you . another girl be there a song about Charlie ? kane have break into " oh , Mr. kane ! " and Charlie and the girl start to sing . ethel lead the unhappy leland over to the group . kane , see leland and take he eye , motion to the professor who have be stand next to he to take over . the professor do so . the sing continue . kane rise and cross to leland . kane say , brad. ( draw he slightly aside ) I have get a idea . leland yes ? kane I mean I have get a job for you . leland good . kane you do not want to be a war correspondent - how about be a dramatic critic ? leland ( sincerely , but not gush ; seriously ) I would like that . kane start quietly to dance in time to the music . leland smile at he . kane you start tomorrow night . Richard Carl in " the spring Chicken . " ( or supply show ) I will get we some girl . you get ticket . a drama critic get they free , you know . ( grin ) rector 's at seven ? leland Charlie - kane yes ? leland ( still smile ) it do not make any difference about I , but one of this day you be go to find out that all this charm of yours will not be enough - kane ( have stop dance ) you be wrong . it do make a difference to you - rector 's , Brad ? ( start to dance again ) come to think of it , I do not blame you for not want to be a war correspondent . you will not miss anything . it be not much of a war . besides , they tell I there be not a decent restaurant on the whole island . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . rector be - night - leland , kane , two young lady at rector 's . popular music be hear over the soundtrack . everybody be laugh very , very hard at something kane have say . the girl be hysterical . kane can hardly breathe . as leland 's laughter become more and more hearty , it only increase the laughter of the other . dissolve : ext . cunard lock - gangplank and deck of boat - night - as tell by bernstein . kane be call down to leland and bernstein ( as before ) . kane you do not expect I to keep any of that promise , do you ? a band on deck strike up " auld lang syne " and further ship - to - shore conversation be render unfeasible . bernstein and leland on deck . bernstein ( turn to leland ) do you , Mr. leland ? leland ( smile ) certainly not . slight pause . they continue on they way . bernstein Mr. leland , why do not you go to Europe with he ? he want you to . he say to I just yesterday - leland I want he to have fun - and with I along - this stop bernstein . bernstein look at he . leland Mr. bernstein , I wish you would let I ask you a few question , and answer I truthfully . bernstein do not I always ? most of the time ? leland Mr. bernstein , be I a stuff shirt ? be I a horse - face hypocrite ? be I a New England school - marm ? bernstein yes . leland be surprised . bernstein if you think I would answer different from what Mr. kane tell you - well , I would not . leland ( good naturedly ) you be in a conspiracy against I , you two . you always have be . bernstein against I there should be such a conspiracy some time ! he pause . " auld lang syne " can still be hear from the deck of the department steamer . bernstein ( with a hopeful look in he eye ) well , he will be come back in September . the majestic . I get the reservation . it get in on the ninth . leland September the ninth ? leland put he hand in he pocket , pull out a pencil and small engagement book , open the book and start to write . leland 's pencil write on a page in the engagement book open to September 9 : " rector 's - 8:30 p.m . " dissolve : Front page " Enquirer . " large picture of the young couple - kane and Emily - occupy four column - very happy . ext . hospital roof - day - leland and Thompson . leland be speak as we dissolve . leland I use to go to dance school with she . Thompson have hand leland a paper . leland what 's this ? thompson it 's a letter from she lawyer . leland ( read aloud from the letter ) David , grobleski &amp ; Davis - my dear rawlston - ( look up ) thompson rawlston be my boss . leland oh , yes . I know about Mr. rawlston . thompson he know the first Mrs. kane socially - that 's the answer we get . leland ( read ) I be in receipt of you favor of yesterday . I beg you to do I the courtesy of accept my assurance that Mrs. whitehall cannot be induce to contribute any more information on the career of Charles Foster kane . she have authorize I to state on previous occasion that she regards they brief marriage as a distateful episode in she life that she prefer to forget . with assurance of the high esteem - leland hand the paper back to Thompson . leland brief marriage ! ten year ! ( sigh ) thompson be he in love ? leland he marry for love - ( a little laugh ) that 's why he do everything . that 's why he go into politics . it seem we be not enough . he want all the voter to love he , too . all he really want out of life be love . that 's Charlie 's story - it 's the story of how he lose it . you see , he just do not have any to give . he love Charlie kane , of course , very dearly - and he mother , I guess he always love she . as for Emily - well , all I can tell you be Emily 's story as she tell it to I , which probably be not fair - there 's suppose to be two side to every story - and I guess there be . I guess there 's more than two side - dissolve out : dissolve in : newspaper - kane 's marriage to Emily with still of group on White House lawn , same setup as early newsreel in News digest . dissolve : scream headline : oil scandal ! dissolve : headline read : kane to see president dissolve : Big headline on " Enquirer " front page which read : kane to see president under this , one of that big box sign editorial , typical of kane , illustrate , on subject of the power of the president , express in about nine different case of type , and illustrate by a cartoon of the White House , on which camera tighten , as we - dissolve out : dissolve in : int . the white house - the president's executive office - day - this scene be shot so as never to show the President - or at least never he face . there be present the President 's Secretary , sit on one side of the desk , intently take note . kane be on he foot , in front of the desk , tense and glaring . the president it be the unanimous opinion of my cabinent - in which I concur - that the propose lease be in the best interest of the governement and the people . ( pause ) you be not , I hope , suggest that this interest be not indentical ? kane I be not suggest anything , Mr. President ! I have come here to tell you that , unless some action be take promptly - and you be the only one who can take it - the oil that be the property of the people of this country will be turn over for a song to a gang of high - pressure crook ! the president ( calmly ) I must refuse to allow you to continue in this vein , Mr. kane . kane ( scream ) it 's the only vein I know . I tell the fact the way I see they . and any man that know that fact - the president I know the fact , Mr. kane . and I happen to have the incredible insolence to differ with you as to what they mean . ( pause ) you be a man of great talent , Mr. kane . kane thanks . the president I understand that you have political ambition . unfortunately , you seem incapable of allow any other opinion but you own - kane ( building to a frenzy ) I be much oblige , Mr. President , for you concern about I . however , I happen to be concerned at this moment with the matter of extensive oil land belong to the people of the United States , and I say that if this lease go through , the property of the people of the United States go into the hand of - the president ( interrupt ) you have make you point perfectly clear , Mr. kane . good day . the Secretary rise . kane , with every bit of will power remotely at he disposal to control what might become a hysterical outburst , manage to bow . kane Mr. President . he start out of the office . dissolve : int . composing room - enquirer - night - kane , Reilly , leland and a compose room Foreman , in work clothes , bend over a table with several form of type . they be look , at this moment , at a make - up headline - but kane 's back be in the way ... so we can not read it . foreman how about it , Mr. kane ? Reilly glance at he wrist watch and make a face . kane smile as he notice this . kane all right . let she slide ! he turn away , and we can now read the headline . insert of the headline , which read : " oil theft become law as president withold veto " dissolve : here follow a quick montage ( presently to be work out ) of no more than four or five image in which the President , by mean of cartoon , editorial , headline ( all faithfully reproduce from period yellow journalism ) be violently attack . the montage end on the word treason . the music cut . a hand reach in a side pocket which contain a newspaper - recognizably the " Enquirer . " the hand remove a gun . the gun be shot . many arm seize the hand which be pull up - gun still fire . as the arm be raise in the air , we see that the other arm hold the arm and struggle with it be uniform , and we see the White House beyond . dissolve : News ticker which be spelling out the word : " assassinated 7:45 p.m. " note : under the follow - a down shot , below the " Enquirer , " show a crowd form , look angrily up toward the camera . crowd noise on the soundtrack under music . a hand snatch the ticker tape away and as the image of the crowd dissolves out , we pull back to show : int . of kane's office - night - the ticker tape be in Reilly 's hand . Reilly have a phone to he ear . reilly look bad for we , Mr. kane . how shall we handle it ? dissolve out : dissolve in : int . georgie' place - kane in shirtsleeve at phone . kane it 's a news story ! get it on the street ! dissolve : headline under " Enquirer " masthead which read : " president assassinated " newsboy be cry the headline at the same time . we pull back to show he and - dissolve : int . theatre - night the camera be in tight on a box which contain Emily and distinguished elderly lady and gentleman , obviously family and friend . on the soundtrack , very limpid opera music . another elderly go , in white tie but still wear a overcoat , come into the box and whisper to Emily . he have a copy of the " Enquirer " in he hand . Emily rise . he show the paper to she . dissolve : ext . STREET outside enquirer build - night - a angry crowd see from the window of kane 's office . they make a deep threaten sound which be audible during the follow scene . across the head of the crowd be two great square of light from the window above they . one of this disappear as the blind be pull . as the dissolve complete itself , the second square of light commence to reduce in size , and then the entire street be cut off by a blind which leland pull down , cover the entire frame . int . kane's office - enquirer - night - the staff stand around , worried to death , in they shirtsleeve . kane ( to Reilly ) take dictation - Front page editorial - " this afternoon a great man be assassinate . he be the President of the United States - " leland Charlie - kane yes ? leland do you think you be the one who should call he a great man ? kane why not ? leland why not ? well - nobody 's a great man in you estimation until he 's dead . reilly ( quickly ) maybe we would better wait for more word on the President 's condition . kane ( still look at leland ) what do you mean by that ? leland ( quietly ) competition . reilly he may recover - kane ( still hold on leland ) what do you mean by that ? leland ( steadily ) yesterday morning you call the President a traitor . what do you think that crowd be do down there ? they think you murder he . kane because the crackpot who do it have a copy of the " Enquirer " in he pocket ? leland - and that copy of the " Enquirer " say the President should be kill . kane I say treason be a capital offense punishable by death - leland you have say a lot of thing about the President in the last few month . kane they be true ! everything I say ! withold that veto be treason ! leland ( interrupt ) Charlie ! kane ( riding over he ) oil belong to the people of the United States be lease out for a song to a gang of high - pressure crook - nobody can blame I because - leland look out that window . kane stop - look at he . leland there be the people of the United States , and they be blame you - oh , I know it do not make any sense , but at least you can learn a lesson from it . kane ( snarling ) what lesson ? not to expose fraud when I see it ? not to fight for the right of the people to own they own property ? ( he turn to Reilly ) run it the way I say , Reilly - " this afternoon a great man be assassinate -' leland Charlie ! now you be not make sense . kane ( sharply ) I do not have to . I run a newspaper with half a million reader and they be get a martyre president this morning with they breakfast . I can not help that . besides , they all know I be marry to he niece . I have get to think of she . leland what ? kane I have get to think of Emily - leland ( after a silence ) I would like to talk to you about that . kane go ahead . leland look back at kane , be conscious of the boy stand around . leland finish you editorial . leland walk out in to the City room . more staff member in shirt sleeve in a state of panic . leland go to he desk , take out a bottle , pour himself a very stiff drink . a door open . a policeman enter with bernstein . bernstein be badly batter . the boy crowd around . leland ( worried ) what 's happen ? bernstein ( smile ) I be all right , Mr. leland . only there be some fellow out front that think they ought to take thing up with I . I learn them ! do not I , officer ? the cop ( grin ) you sure do - say , the commissioner say I be to stand by and protect Mr. kane until further order , no matter how he feel about it . where be he ? leland ( finish he drink ) in there . bernstein if you have not come along and protect I when you do , I would have kill they fellow . leland ( pour himself another drink ) go and get yourself wash up , Mr. bernstein . ( he look he face over thoroughly ) there do not seem to be a serious injury . bernstein not to I . but you will let that cop go home with Mr. kane , will not you ? leland yes , Mr. bernstein . bernstein leave the picture with sympathetic attendance . leland finish he second drink . dissolve : int . kane's office - night - the bottle be finish . the door in the sanctrum open . Reilly and the other leave . reilly ( as they go ) goodnight , Mr. kane . kane stand in the door , wait for leland . leland get up and move toward the office - go in , sit down across from kane at the desk . a uncomfortable pause . then kane smile ingratiatingly . leland try to cope with this . leland first of all - ( he can not go on ) kane ( not cruelly - genuinely kind ) what 's wrong , Brad ? leland I be drunk . kane I will get you some coffee . he rise and go to the door . leland first of all , I will not write a good review of a play because somebody pay a thousand dollar for a advertisement in the " Enquirer . " kane ( gently - open the door ) that 's just a little promotion scheme . nobody expect you - ( call ) Mike , will you try and get Mr. leland some coffee ? mike' voice sure thing , Mr. kane . kane turn back to leland . leland do not look up at he . leland Charlie , it 's just no go . we can not agree anymore . I wish you would let I go to Chicago . kane why , Brad ? leland I want to be transfer to the new paper . you have be say yourself you wish you have somebody to - ( he be heartsick , inarticulate ) that 's not what I want to talk about . kane go around behind the desk and sit down . kane I will tell you what I will do , Brad - I will get drunk , too - maybe that will help . leland no , that will not help . besides , you never get drunk . I want to talk about you and Emily . kane look at leland sharply before he speak . kane ( quietly ) all right . leland ( without look at he ) she 's go to leave you - kane I do not think so , Brad . we have just have word that the President be out of danger . ( ruefully ) it seem I do not kill he after all . leland ( take he eye ) she be go to leave you anyway - kane take this in . leland Emily 's go south next week with the child . as far as anybody 's to know , it 's a holiday . when they get back - kane ( sharply ) Brad , you be drunk . leland sure I be . she want full custody of the child no matter what happen . if you will not agree to that , she will apply for a divorce regardless of the President 's wish . I can not tell she she 's wrong , because she be not wrong - kane why be she leave I ? leland ( it 's very hard for he to say all this ) she have not any friend leave sine you start this oil business , and she never see you . kane do you think the " Enquirer " should not have campaign against the oil lease ? leland ( hesitate ) you might have make the whole thing less personal ! no answer from kane . leland it be not just that the President be she uncle - everyone she know , all the people she 's be bring up with , everything she 's ever be teach to believe be important - still no answer from kane . leland there 's no reason why this - this savage personal note - kane the personal note be all there be to it . it 's all there ever be to it . it 's all there every be to anything ! stupidity in we government , complacency and self - satisfaction and unwillingness to believe that anything do by a certain class of people can be wrong - you can not fight that thing impersonally . they be not impersonal crime against people . they be be do by actual person - with actual name and position and - the right of the american people to own they own country be not a academic issue , Brad , that you debate - and then the judge retire to return a verdict and the winner give a dinner for the loser . leland you almost convince me.t ( rise ) I be just drunk enough to tell you the truth . I have to be a little drunk for that because I be a coward . you know that . that 's why you keep I around . ( smile ) you only associate with you inferior , Charlie . I guess that 's why you run away from Emily . because you can not stand the company of you equal . you do not like to admit they exist - the other big people in you world be dead . I tell you that . kane look at leland , but leland can not be stop now . he speak very quietly - no poison in he voice - no personal indignation - as though he be explain the nature of a disease . leland you talk about the people of the United States as though they belong to you . when you find out they do not think they be , you will lose interest . you talk about give they they rights as though you could make a present of liberty . remember the work man ? you use to defend he quite a good deal . well , he 's turn into something call organize labor and you do not like that at all . and listen , when you precious underprivileged really get together - that 's go to add up to something bigger than - than you privilege and then I do not know what you will do - sail away to a desert island , probably , and lord it over the monkey . kane be you finish ? leland yes. ( look down ) now , will you let I go to Chicago ? kane ( with a little smile ) you be not go to like it in Chicago . they wind come howling in from the lake . and there 's practically no opera season at all - and the Lord only know whether they have ever hear of lobster newburg - leland that 's all right . ( he will not be charme out of he duty ) what be you go to do about Emily ? kane ( he face hardning a little ) nothing - if she dose not love I - leland have rise . he speak as he turn away , start towards the door . leland you want love on you own term , do not you , Charlie - ( he stop - he back turn to kane ) Love accord to you own rule . and if anything go wrong and you be hurt - then the game stop , and you have get to be soothed and nurse , no matter what else be happen - and no matter who else be hurt ! kane it 's simpler than that , Brad . a society girl can not stand the gaff , that 's all . other thing be important to she - social position , what they be say on the front porch at southampton , be it go to be embarrassing to meet somebody or the other at dinner - leland have turn , take he eye again . now kane stop and smile . kane she can leave I . as a matter of fact , I have already leave she . do not worry , Brad - I will live . leland I know you will . kane ( with all he charm ) hey , Brad ! I have be analyze a awful lot tonight - let 's have another brandy . leland shake he head . kane lift he glass . kane to love on my term . that be the only term anybody know ... he own . dissolve : ext . enquirer build - night - kane , leland , and a couple of policeman make they way out of the front toward a hansom cab . a voice from the crowd you moiderer ! a rock be throw . it hit leland on the face . a little blood flow . kane do not see it at first . then when he 's in the hansom cab , he turn and notice it . kane be you hurt ? leland have a handkerchief to he face . leland no . I wish you would go home to Emily . she will be pretty upset by all this - she still love you - the crowd , push by the cop , retreat in the background , but still hard by . kane you still want to be transfer to the other paper ? leland yes . kane ( lean out of the hansom cab ) well , you have be get a pretty low salary here in New York . it seem to I that the new dramatic critic of we Chicago paper should get what he 's worth . ( almost as a question ) leland ( with handkerchief still attach to he face ) I could not possibly live on as little as that , Charlie . we will let the salary stay where it be . the hansom cab start up . we hold on leland 's face as we dissolve out : dissolve in : int . kane's new york home - kane's bedroom - early morning - Emily be in bed , a damp cloth over she temple . kane be stand at the foot of the bed . the baby 's bed be in a corner of the room . the baby 's nurse be stand near the crib , a nurse for Emily be near she . kane be look fixedly on Emily , who be stare tiredly at the ceiling . kane ( to the nurse ) Excuse we a moment , please . the nurse look at Emily . kane ( peremptorily ) I say , excuse we a moment . the nurse , unwilling , leave . kane I have be talk to leland . Emily - you can not leave I now - not now - silence . kane it be not what it would do to my change in politics , Emily - that be not it - they be talk of run I for governor , but now , of course , we will have to wait - it be not that , Emily - it 's just - the president be you uncle and they be say I kill he . still silence . kane that story about the murderer have a copy of the " Enquirer " in he pocket - the " Chronicle " make that up out of whole cloth - Emily , please - he 's go to be all right , you know , he 's go to recover - ( bitterly ) if it will make you any happier , we have nine page of advertising cancel in the first mail this morning . bernstein be afraid to open any more letter . he - he stop . he see that he 's get no place with Emily . kane ( exasperate ) what do you expect I to do ? what in the world - emily ( weakly ) Charles . he wait for she to continue . emily do you really think - ( she can not continue ) that threaten letter , can they really - she sit up and look at the crib . she almost continue to look at the crib , with almost unsee eye . kane ( uncomfortably ) they will not do anything to junior , darling . ( contemptuously ) anonymous letter writer - I have get guard in front of the house , and I be go to arrange - emily ( turn she face toward he ) please do not talk any more , Charles . kane be about to say something , but bite he lip instead . Emily keep stare at he . emily have they hear from father yet ? have he see - kane I have try to tell you , Emily . the President 's go to be all right . he have a comfortable night . there 's no danger of any kind . Emily nod several time . there be a uncomforable silence . suddenly there be a cry from the crib . Emily leap from the bed and rush to he . she bend over the crib . emily ( murmure ) here I be , darling ... darling !... darling , it 's all right ... mother 's here . kane Emily - you mus not leave I now - you can not do that to I . emily they will not hurt you , darling . mother 's with you ! mother 's look after you ! kane , unwanted , ignore , look on . tighten he lip , he walk out . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . kane's office - night by the desk light , kane be see work with he usual intensity , Reilly stand beside he at the desk . kane we will withdraw support completely . anything else ? reilly Mr. leland send back that check . kane what check ? reilly you make it out to he last week after he leave for Chicago . kane oh , yes , the bonus . reilly it be for twenty - five thousand dollar . kane be perplex and worried , but we can see in a moment he mind will be on something else . reilly he send it back tear up - all tear up into little bit , and he enclose something else - I can not make it out . kane do not answer . Reilly go on . he have bring out a piece of paper and be read it . reilly it say here , " a declaration of principle " - ( he still read ) " I will provide the people of this city with a daily paper that will tell all the news honestly " - kane have look up sharply . Reilly , sense he look , stop read and meet he eye . slowly , kane reach out he hand . Reilly hand he the piece of paper . without read it , kane tear it up , throw it into the wastebasket at he side . dissolve : int . madison square garden - night - the evening of the final great rally . this shot remind we of and be identical with and supplementary to the " News digest " scene earlier . the vast auditorium with a huge picture of kane , cheer crowd , etc . Emily and junior be to be see in the front of a box . Emily be tired and wear a force smile on she face . junior , now age nine and a half , be eager , bright - eye and excited . kane be just finish he speech . kane it be no secret that I enter upon this campaign with no think that I could be elect Governor of this state ! it be now no secret that every straw vote , every independent pole , show that I will be elect . and I repeat to you - my first official act as Governor will be to appoint a special District Attorney to arrange for the indictment , prosecution and conviction of boss Edward G. Rogers ! terrific scream and cheer from the audience . dissolve out : int . madison square garden - night - the speaker 's platform . numerous official and civic leader be crowd around kane . cameramen take flash photograph with old - fashioine flash powder . first civic leader great speech , Mr. kane . second leader ( pompous ) one of the most notable public utterance ever make by a candidate in this state - kane thank you , gentleman . thank you . he look up and notice that the box in which Emily and the boy be sit be now empty . he start toward the rear of the platform , through the press of people , Reilly approach he . reilly a wonderful speech , Mr. kane . kane pat he on the shoulder as he walk along . reilly I just get word from buffalo , Mr. kane . they be go to throw you the organization vote - and take a chance maybe you will give they a break - this be say almost inquiringly , as if he be hope that kane would give he some assurance that McDonald be not make a mistake . there be no answer from kane . reilly on a independent ticket there 's never be anything like it ! if the election be hold today , you would be elect by a hundred thousand vote - and every day between now and November 7th be just go to add to you majority . kane be very pleased . he continue with Reilly slowly through the crowd - a band play off . bernstein join he . kane it do seem too good to be true , do not it , Mr. bernstein ? reilly Rogers be not even pretend . he be not just scared anymore . he 's sick . Frank norris tell I last night he have not know Rogers to be that worried in twenty - five year . kane I think it 's beginning to dawn on Mr. Rogers that I mean what I say . with Mr. Rogers out of the way , Reilly , I think we may really begin to hope for a good government in this state . ( stop ) well , Mr. bernstein ? bernstein ( clearly not meaning it ) it 's wonderful , Mr. kane . wonderful . wonderful . kane you do not really think so ? bernstein I do . I do . I mean , since you be run for Governor - and you want to be elect - I think it 's wonderful you be go to be elect . only - ( interrupt himself ) - can I say something ? kane please , Mr. bernstein . bernstein well , the way I look at it - ( come out with it ) - you want to know what I really think would be wonderful ? kane indicate he be to proceed . bernstein well , you be run for Governor and go to be elect - my idea be how wonderful it would be if you do not run at all and do not get elect . dissolve : ext . one of the exit - madison square garden - night - Emily and junior be stand , wait for kane . junior be pop Governor yet , Mom ? just then , kane appear , with Reilly and several other man . kane rush toward Emily and junior , as the man politely greet Emily . kane hello , butch ! do you like you old man 's speech ? junior hello , pop ! I be in a box . I could hear every word . kane I see you ! ( he have he arm around junior 's shoulder ) good night , gentleman . there be good night . kane 's car be at the curb and he start to walk toward it with junior and Emily . emily I be send junior home in the car , Charles - with Oliver - kane but I would arrange to go home with you myself . emily there 's a call I want you to make with I , Charles . kane it can wait . emily no , it can not . ( she bend down and kiss junior ) good night , darling . junior good night , Mom . the driver be hold the rear door open as Emily guide junior in . kane ( as car start to drive off ) what 's this all about , Emily ? I have have a very tiring day and - emily it may not be about anything at all . a cab have pull up . the driver cab ? Emily nod to he . emily I intend to find out . kane I insist on be tell exactly what you have in mind . emily I be go to - ( she look at a slip of paper in she hand ) - 185 West 74th Street . kane 's reaction indicate that the address definitely mean something to he . emily if you wish , you can come with I ... kane nod . kane I will go with you . he open the door and she enter the cab . he follow she . dissolve : int . cab - night - kane and Emily . he look at she , in search of some kind of enlightenment . her face be set and impassive . dissolve : ext . and int . apartment house hallway - night - kane and Emily , in front of a apartment door . Emily be press the bell . kane I have no idea you have this flair for melodrama , emiliy . Emily do not answer . the door be open by a may , who recognize kane . the maid come in , Mr. kane , come in . they enter , Emily first . int . susan's apartment - night - there be first a tiny reception room , through which a open door show the live room . kane and Emily enter from the hallway and cross to the live room . as they enter , Susan rise from a chair . the other person in the room - a big , heavyset man , a little past middle age - stay where he be , lean back in he chair , regard kane intently . susan it be not my fault , Charlie . he make I send you wife a note . he say I would - oh , he 's be say the most terrible thing , I do not know what to do ... I - ( she catch sight of Emily ) rogers good evening , Mr. kane . ( he rise ) I do not suppose anybody would introduce we . Mrs. kane , I be Edward Rogers . emily how do you do ? ( pause ) I come here - and I make Mr. kane come with I ... ( she consult the note in she hand without read it again ) because I recieve this note - rogers I make miss - miss Alexander send you the note . she be a little unwilling at first - ( he smile grimly ) but she do it . susan I can not tell you the thing he say , Charlie . you have not get any idea - kane ( turn on Rogers ) Rogers , I do not think I will postpone do something about you until I be elect . ( he start toward he ) to start with , I will break you neck . rogers ( not give way a inch ) maybe you can do it and maybe you can not , Mr. kane . emily Charles ! ( he stop to look at she ) you - you break this man' neck - ( she be clearly disgust ) would scarcely explain this note - ( glance at the note ) serious consequence for Mr. kane - ( slowly ) for myself , and for my son . what do this note mean , miss - susan ( stiffly ) I be Susan Alexander . ( pause ) I know what you think , Mrs. kane , but - emily ( ignore this ) what do this note mean , miss Alexander ? rogers she do not know , Mrs. kane . she just send it - because I make she see it would not be smart for she not to send it . kane in case you do not know , Emily , this - this gentleman - ( he put a world of scorn into the word ) be - rogers I be not a gentleman , Mrs. kane , and you husband be just try to be funny call I one . I do not even know what a gentleman be . ( tensely , with all the hatred and venom in the world ) you see , my idea of a gentleman , Mrs. kane - well , if I own a newspaper and if I do not like the way somebody else be do thing - some politican , say - I would fight they with everything I have . only I would not show he in a convict suit , with stripe - so he child could see the picture in the paper . or he mother . ( he have to control himself from hurl himself at kane ) it 's pretty clear - I be not a gentleman . emily oh !! kane you be a cheap , crooked grafter - and you concern for you child and you mother - rogers anything you say , Mr. kane . only we be talk now about what you be . that 's what the note be about , Mrs. kane . now I be go to lay all my card on the table . I be fight for my life . not just my political life . my life . if you husband be elect governor - kane I be go to be elect governor . and the first thing I be go to do - emily let he finish , Charles . rogers I be protect myself every way I know how , Mrs. kane . this last week , I finally find out how I can stop you husband from be elect . if the people of this state learn what I find out this week , he would not have a chance to - he could not be elect Dog catcher . well , what I be interested in be see that he 's not elect . I do not care whether they know what I know about he . let he keep right on be the great , Noble , Moral - ( he stress the world ) champeen of the people . just as long as - emily I think I understand , Mr. Rogers , but wonder if - ( she leave she sentence unfinish ) kane you can not blackmail I , Rogers , you can not - susan ( excitedly ) Charlie , he say , unless you withdraw you name - rogers that 's the chance I be willing to give you , Mr. kane . more of a chance than you would give I . unless you make up you mind by tomorrow that you be so sick that you have get to go away for a year or two - Monday morning every paper in this State will carry the story I be go to give they . kane start to stare at he intently . emily what story , Mr. Rogers ? rogers the story about he and miss Alexander , Mrs. kane . Emily look at kane . susan there be no story . it 's all lie . Mr. kane be just - rogers ( to Susan ) shut up ! ( to kane ) I have have a dozen man do nothing but run this thing down - we have get evidence enough to - well , the evidence would stand up in any court of law . you want I to give you the evidence , Mr. kane ? kane you do anything you want to do . the people of this state can decide which one of we to trust . if you want to know , they have already decide . the election Tuesday will be only - rogers Mrs. kane , I be not ask you to believe I . I would like to show you - emily you do not have to show I anything , Mr. Rogers . I believe you . rogers I would rather Mr. kane withdraw without have to get the story publish . not that I care about he . but I would be better off that way - ( he pause ) - and so would you , Mrs. kane . susan what about I ? ( to kane ) he say my name would be drag through the mud . he say everywhere I would go from now on - emily there seem to be only one decision you can make , Charles . I would say that it have be make for you . ( pause ) I suppose the detail can be arrange tomorrow , Mr. Rogers . about the statement by the doctor - kane have you go completely mad , Emily ? Emily look at he . kane you do not think I be go to let this blackmailer intimidate I , do you ? emily I do not see what else you can do , Charles . if he 's right - and the papers publish this story he have - kane oh , they will publish it all right . but that 's not go to stop I - emily Charles , this - this story - do not concern only you . I will be in it , too , will not I ? ( quickly ) and junior ? kane ( squirming a bit ) I suppose so , but - I be not afraid of the story . you can not tell I that the voter of this state - emily I be not interested in the voter of this state right now . I be interested in - well , junior , for one thing . susan Charlie ! if they publish this story - emily they will not . goodnight , Mr. Rogers . ( she start out ) there 's nothing more to be say , Charles . kane oh yes , there be . emily I do not think so . be you come , Charles ? kane no. she look at he . he start to work himself into a rage . kane there 's only one person in the world to decide what I be go to do - and that 's I . and if you think - if any of you think - emily you decide what you be go to do , Charles - some time ago . ( she look at Susan ) you can not always have it you own way , regardless of anything else that may have happen . ( she sigh ) come on , Charles . kane go on ! get out ! I can fight this thing all alone ! rogers you be make a bigger fool of yourself than I think you would , Mr. kane . you be lick . why do not you - kane ( turn on he ) get out ! I have get nothing to talk to you about . if you want to see I , have the warden write I a letter . rogers I see ! ( he start toward the door ) susan ( start to cry ) Charlie , you be just excited . you do not realize - kane I know exactly what I be do . ( he be scream ) get out ! emily ( quietly ) Charles , if you do not listen to reason , it may be too late - kane too late for what ? too late for you and this - ( he can not find the adjective ) this public thief to take the love of the people of this state away from I ? well , you will not do it , I tell you . you will not do it ! susan Charlie , there be other thing to think of . ( a sly look come into she eye ) you son - you do not want he to read in the papers - emily it be too late now , Charles . kane ( rush to the door and open it ) get out , both of you ! susan ( rush to he ) Charlie , please do not - kane what be you wait here for ? why do not you go ? emily goodnight , Charles . she walk out . Rogers stop as he get directly in front of kane . rogers you be the great fool I have ever know , kane . if it be anybody else , I would say what 's go to happen to you would be a lesson to you . only you be go to need more than one lesson . and you be go to get more than one lesson . ( he walk past kane ) kane do not you worry about I . I be Charles Foster kane . I be no cheap , crooked politician , try to save himself from the consequence of he crime - int . apartment house hallway - night - camera angle toward kane from other end of the hall . Rogers and Emily be already down the hall , move toward foreground . kane in apartment doorway background . kane ( scream louder ) I be go to send you to sing sing , Rogers . sing sing ! kane be tremble with rage as he shake he fist at Rogers 's back . Susan , quieter now , have snuggle into the hollow of he shoulder as they stand in the doorway . dissolve : the " Chronicle " front page with photograph ( as in the " News digest " ) revealing kane 's relation with Susan . dissolve out : dissolve in : Front page of " Chronicle " - headline which read : rogers elected dissolve : Front page of " Enquirer " - headline which read : fraud at poll dissolve : int . live room - night - Emily be open the door for leland . emily hello , Brad - leland Emily - he pause . leland come in . Emily close the door . emily I be sorry I send for you , Brad - do not - leland Chicago be pretty close to New York nowadays - only twenty hour - she do not have anything to say . leland I be glad to see you . she smile at he and we know that there be not anybody else in the world for she to smile at . she 's too grateful to talk . emily be all the return in ? leland put he hat unconsciously on he coat by the newspaper . emily let I see it . leland take the newspaper out of he pocket and hand it to she . she take it . we see the headline , not a insert , but it register . it read : " fraud at poll . " Emily be look at the paper with unsee eye , and a little smile . leland ( after a pause ) almost two to one - emily I be surprised he get the vote he do . leland Emily ! emily why should anyone vote for he ? he 's make it quite clear to the people what he think of they . Children - to be tell one thing one day , something else the next , as the whim seize he . and they be suppose to be grateful and love and adore he - because he see to it that they get cheap ice and only pay a nickel in the street car . leland Emily , you be be - a little unfair - you know what I think of Charles ' behavior - about you personal life - emily there be not any personal life for people like we . he make that very clear to I nine year ago - if I would think of my life with Charles as a personal life , I would have leave he then - leland know that , Emily - emily ( on top of leland ) maybe I should have - the first time he show I what a mad dog he really be . leland ( on the cue " dog " ) Emily , you - emily Brad , I be - I be not a old woman yet - leland it 's - all over - he stop himself . emily ( after a pause ) know it be , Brad - leland he 's pay for it , Emily . that return tonight - he 's finish . politically - ( he think ) - socially , everywhere , I guess . do not know about the papers , but - emily if you be ask I to sympathize with he , Brad , you be waste you time . ( pause ) there 's only one person I be sorry for , as a matter of fact . that - that shabby little girl . I be really sorry for she , Brad . dissolve : Front page Chicago " Enquirer , " with photograph proclaim that Susan Alexander open at new Chicago Opera House in " thais , " as in " News digest . " on soundtrack during above we hear the big , expectant murmur of a open night audience and the noodle of the orchestra . dissolve : int . chicago opera house - night - set for " thais " - the camera be just inside the curtain , angle upstage . we see the set for " thais " - the principal in place - stage manager , stage hand , etc. , and in the center of all this , in a elaborate costume , look very small and very lose , be Susan . she be almost hysterical with fright . Maids , sing teacher , and the rest be in attendance . her throat be spray . applause be hear at the open of the shot , and now the orchestra start thunderously . the curtain start to rise - the camera with it - the blind glare of the foot move up Susan 's body and hit she face . she squint and start to sing . camera continue on up with the curtain , up past Susan , up the full height of the proscenium arch and then on up into the gridiron into a world of rope , brick wall and hang canvas - Susan 's voice still hear - but faintly . the camera stop at the top of the gridiron as the curtain stop . two typical stage hand fill the frame . they be look down on the stage below . some of the reflect light gleam on they face . they look at each other . one of they put he hand to he nose . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . leland office - chicago enquirer - night - leland , as in the same scene in the bernstein sequence , be sprawle across he typewriter , he head on the key . the paper be go from the roller . leland stir and look up drunkenly , he eye encounter bernstein , who stand beside he ( also as in the previous scene ) . bernstein hello , Mr. leland . leland hello , bernstein . leland make a terrific effort to pull himself together . he straighten and reach for the key - then see the paper be go from the machine . leland where be it - where 's my notice ? I have get to finish it ! bernstein ( quietly ) Mr. kane be finish it . leland kane ? Charlie ? ( painfully , he rise to he foot ) where be he ? during all this , the sound of a typewriter have be hear off - a busy typewriter . leland 's eye follow the sound . slowly he register kane in the City room beyond . this be almost the same shot as in the previous bernstein story . int . CITY room - chicago enquirer - night - kane , in white tie and shirt sleeve , be type away at a machine , he finger work briskly and efficiently , he face , see by the desk light before he , set in a strange half - smile . leland stand in the door of he office , stare across at he . leland I suppose he 's fix it up - I know I would never get that through . bernstein ( move to he side ) Mr. kane be finish you piece the way you start it . leland turn incredulously to bernstein . bernstein he 's write a roast like you want it to be - ( then suddnely - with a kind of quiet passion rather than a triumph ) - I guess that will show you . leland pick he way across the City room to kane 's side . kane go on type , without look up . after a pause , kane speak . kane hello , Brad . leland hello , Charlie - ( another pause ) I do not know we be speak . kane stop type , but do not turn . kane sure , we be speak , Brad - you be fire . he start type again , the expression on he face do not change . dissolve out : dissolve in : ext . hospital roof - day - Thompson and leland on the roof , which be now desert . it be get late . the sun have just about go down . leland well , that 's about all there be - and I be get chill . hey , nurse ! ( pause ) five year ago , he write from that place of he down South - ( as if try to think ) - you know . shangri-la ? El dorado ? ( pause ) sloppy Joe 's ? what 's the name of that place ? you know ... all right . xanadu . I know what it be all the time . you catch on , do not you ? thompson yes . leland I guess maybe I be not as hard to see through as I think . anyway , I never even answer he letter . maybe I should have . I guess he be pretty lonely down there that last year . he have not finish it when she leave he - he never finish it - he never finish anything . of course , he build it for she - thompson that must have be love . leland I do not know . he be disappointed in the world . so he build one of he own - a absolute monarchy - it be something bigger than a opera house anyway - ( call ) nurse ! ( lower he voice ) say , I will tell you one thing you can do for I , young fellow . thompson sure . leland on you way out , stop at a cigar store , will you , and send I up a couple of cigar ? thompson sure , Mr. leland . I will be glad to . leland hey , nurse ! a nurse appear . nurse hello , Mr. leland . leland I be ready to go in now . you know when I be a young man , there be a impression around that nurse be pretty . it be no truer then than it be now . nurse here , let I take you arm , Mr. leland . leland ( testily ) all right , all right . ( he have begin to move forward on the nurse 's arm ; turn to Thompson ) you will not forget , will you , about the cigar ? and tell they to wrap they up to look like toothpaste , or something , or they will stop they at the desk . that young doctor I be tell you about , he 's get a idea he want to keep I alive . dissolve : ext . " EL rancho " cabaret in atlantic CITY - early dawn - neon sign on the roof : " EL rancho " floor show susan alexander kane twice nightly glow on the dark screen as in the previous sequence earlier in the script . behind the light and through they , we see a nasty early morning . camera as before , move through the light of the sign and down on the skylight , through which be see Susan at she regular table , Thompson seat across from she . very faintly during this , idle piano music play . dissolve : int . " EL rancho " cabaret - early dawn - Susan and Thompson be face each other . the place be almost desert . Susan be sober . on the other side of the room , somebody be play a piano . susan how do you want to handle the whole thing - ask question ? thompson I would rather you just talk . anything that come into you mind - about yourself and Mr. kane . susan you would not want to hear a lot of what come into my mind about myself and Mr. Charlie kane . Susan be think . thompson how do you meet he ? susan I have a toothache . Thompson look at she . susan that be thiry year ago - and I still remember that toothache . Boy ! that toothache be just drive I crazy ... dissolve out : dissolve in : ext . corner drug store and STREET on the west side of new york - night - Susan , age twenty , neatly but cheaply dress in the style of the period , be leave the drug store . it 's about 8 o'clock at night . with a large , man-size handkerchief press to she cheek , she be in considerable pain . the street be wet - after a recent rain . she walk a few step towards the middle of the block , and can stand it no longer . she stop , open a bottle of oil of clove that she have in she hand , apply some to she finger , and rub she gum . she walk on , the pain only a bit better . four or five house farther along , she come to what be clearly she own doorway - a shabby , old four-story apartment house . she turn toward the doorway , which be up a tiny stoop , about three step . as she do so , kane , come from the opposite direction , almost bump into she and turn to he leave to avoid she . his shoulder bump hers and she turn . as she do so , kane , force to change he course , step on the loose end of a plank which cover a puddle in the bad sidewalk . the plank rise up and crack he on the knee , also cover he with mud . kane ( hopping up and down and rub he knee ) ow ! Susan , take she handkerchief from she jaw , roar with laughter . kane it 's not funny . he bite he lip and rub he knee again . Susan try to control she laughter , but not very successfully . kane glare at she . susan I be sorry , mister - but you do look awful funny . suddenly , the pain return and she clap she hand to she jaw . susan ow ! kane what 's the matter with you ? susan toothache . kane hmm ! he have be rub he clothes with he handkerchief . susan you have get some on you face . kane if this sidewalk be keep in condition - instead of the money go to some cheap grafter - Susan start to laugh again . kane what 's funny now ? susan you be . you look like you have be make mud pie . in the middle of she smile , the pain return . susan oh ! kane you be no venus de milo . susan ( point to the downstair window ) if you want to come in and wash you face - I can get you some hot water to get that dirt off you trousers - kane thanks . Susan start , with kane follow she . dissolve : int . susan be room - night - it 's in moderate disorder . the mansbach gas light be on . it 's not really a classy room , but it 's exactly what you be entitle to in 1910 , for $ 5.00 a week include breakfast . there be a bed , a couple of chair , a chiffonier , and a few personal belonging on the chiffonier . this include a photograph of a go and lady , obviously Susan 's parent , and a few objet d'art . one , " at the japanese Rolling Ball game at coney Island , " and - perhaps this be part of the japanese loot - the glass globe with the snow scene kane be hold in he hand in the first sequence . Susan come into the room , carry a basin , with towel over she arm . kane be wait for she . she do not close the door . susan ( by way of explanation ) my landlady prefer I to keep this door open when I have a gentleman caller . ( start to put the basin down ) she 's a very decent woman . ( make a face ) ow ! kane rush to take the basin from she , put it on the chiffonier . to do this , he have to shove the photograph to one side of the basin . Susan grab the photograph as it be about to fall over . susan hey , you should be more careful . that 's my mar and pa . kane I be sorry . they live here , too ? susan no . they have pass on . again she put she hand to she jaw . kane where 's the soap ? susan in the water . kane fish the soap out of the water . it be slippery , however , and slip out of he hand , hit he in the chest before it fall to the floor . Susan laugh as he bend over . kane ( start to wash he hand ) you be very easily amused . susan I always like to see the funny side of thing . no sense cry when you do not have to . and you be so funny . look at you , I forget all about my toothache . her face distort in pain again . susan oh ! kane I can not stay here all night chase you pain away . susan ( laugh ) I know ... but you do look so silly . kane , with soape hand , have rubbed he face and now cannot open he eye , for fear of get soap in they . kane where 's the towel ? susan on the chiffonier . here . kane ( rub he face dry ) thanks . susan ( on she way to closet ) I have get a brush in the closet . as soon as the mud on you trousers be all dry - you just brush it off . kane I will get this street fix , if it 's the last thing I do . Susan come out of the closet . she hold out the brush with she leave hand , she right hand to she jaw in real distress . kane ( take the brush ) you be in pain , be not you , you poor kid ? Susan can not stand it anymore and sit down in a chair , bent over , whimper a bit . kane ( brush himself ) wish there be something I could - he stop and think . Susan , she face avert , be still try hard not to cry . kane I have get a idea , young lady . ( there be no response ) turn around and look at I . ( there be still no response ) I say , turn around and look at I , young lady . slowly , Susan turn . kane do you ever see anybody wiggle both he ear at the same time ? it take a second for Susan to adapt herself to this . kane watch closely ! ( he wiggle he ear ) it take I two solid year at the finest boy ' school in the world to learn that trick . the fellow who teach I be President of Venezuela now . he 's still wiggling he ear as Susan start to smile . kane that 's it ! smile ! Susan smile , very broadly . dissolve : int . susan be room - night - closeup of a duck , camera pull back show it to be a shadowgraph on the wall , make by kane , who be now in he shirt sleeve . it be about a hour later than precede sequence . susan ( hesitatingly ) a chicken ? kane no . but you be close . susan a rooster ? kane you be get farther away all the time . it 's a duck . susan Excuse I , Mr. kane . I know this take a lot of nerve , but - who be you ? I mean - I be pretty ignorant , guess you catch on to that - kane ( look squarely at she ) you really do not know who I be ? susan no . that be , I bet it turn out I have hear you name a million time , only you know how it be - kane but you like I , do not you ? even though you do not know who I be ? susan you have be wonderful ! I can not tell you how glad I be you be here , I do not know many people and - ( she stop ) kane and I know too many people . obviously , we be both lonely . ( he smile ) would you like to know where I be go tonight - when you run into I and ruin my Sunday clothes ? susan I do not run into you and I bet they be not you Sunday clothes . you have probably get a lot of clothes . kane ( as if defend himself from a terrible onslaught ) I be only joke ! ( pause ) this evening I be on my way to the western Manhattan Warehouse - in search of my youth . Susan be bewilder . kane you see , my mother die , too - a long time ago . her thing be put into storage out west because I have no place to put they then . I still have not . but now I have send for they just the same . and tonight I would plan to make a sort of sentimental journey - ( slowly ) - to the scene of my youth - my childhood , I suppose - to look again at - ( he change mood slightly ) and now - kane do not finish . he look at Susan . silence . kane who be I ? well , let 's see . Charles Foster kane be bear in New Salem , Colorado in eighteen six - ( he stop on the word " sixty " - obviously a little embarrassed ) I run a couple of newspaper . how about you ? susan oh , I - kane how old do you say you be ? susan ( very bright ) I do not say . kane I do not think you do . if you have , I would not have ask you again , because I would have remember . how old ? susan pretty old . I will be twenty - two in August . kane ( look at she silently for a moment ) that 's a ripe old age - what do you do ? susan I work at seligman 's . kane be that what you want to do ? susan I want to be a singer . ( she think for a moment ) I mean , I do not . mother do for I . kane ( sympathetically ) what happen to the sing ? you be not in a show , be you ? susan oh , no ! nothing like that . mother always think - she use to talk about Grand Opera for I . imagine ! a american girl , for one thing - and then my voice be not really that kind anyway , it 's just that mother - you know what mother be like . a sudden look come over kane 's face . kane yes - susan as a matter of fact , I do sing a little . kane ( point to the piano ) would you sing for I ? susan ( bashful ) oh , you would not want to hear I sing . kane yes , I would . that 's why I ask . susan well , I - kane do not tell I you toothache be bother you again ? susan oh , no , that 's all go . kane then you have no alibi at all . please sing . Susan , with a tiny ladylike hesitancy , go to the piano and sing a polite song . sweetly , nicely , she sing with a small , untrained voice . kane listen . he be relaxed , at ease with the world . dissolve : int . " EL rancho " cabaret - early dawn - Susan toss down a drink , then go on with she story . susan I do a lot of sing after that . I sing for Charlie - I sing for teacher at a hundred buck a hour - the teacher get that , I do not - thompson what do you get ? susan ( glare at he balefully ) what do you mean ? Thompson do not answer . susan I do not get a thing . just the music lesson . that 's all there be to it . thompson he marry you , do not he ? susan he be in love with I . but he never tell I so until after it all come out in the papers about we - and he lose the election and that norton woman divorced he . thompson what about that apartment ? susan he want I to be comfortable - oh , why should I bother ? you do not believe I , but it 's true . it just happen to be true . he be really interested in my voice . ( sharply ) what be you smile for ? what do you think he build that opera house for ? I do not want it . I do not want to sing . it be he idea - everything be he idea - except my leave he . dissolve : int . live room of kane's house in new york - day - Susan be sing . matisti , she voice teacher , be play the piano . kane be seat nearby . matisti stop . matisti impossible ! impossible ! kane you job be not to give Mrs. kane you opinion of she talent . you be suppose to train she voice . nothing more . matisti ( sweat ) but , it be impossible . I will be the laughingstock of the musical world ! people will say - kane if you be interested in what people say , signor matisti , I may be able to enlighten you a bit . the newspaper , for instance . I be a authority on what the papers will say , signor matisti , because I own eight of they between here and San Francisco ... it 's all right , dear . signor matisti be go to listen to reason . be not you , maestro ? ( he look he square in the eye ) matisti Mr. kane , how can I persuade you - kane you can not . there be a silence . matisti rise . kane I know you would see it my way . dissolve : int . chicago opera house - night - it be the same open night - it be the same moment as before - except taht the camera be now upstage angle toward the audience . the curtain be down . we see the same tableau as before - the terrify and tremble Susan , the apprehensive principal , the maid and sing teacher , the stage hand . as the dissolve commence , there be the sound of applause ( exactly as before ) and now as the dissolve complete itself , the orchestra break frighteningly into open chord of the music - the stage be clear - Susan be leave alone , terribly alone . the curtain rise . the glare of the footlight jump into the image . the curtain be now out of the picture and Susan start to sing . Beyond she , we see the prompter 's box , contain the anxious face of the prompter . Beyond that , out in the darkness - a apprehensive conductor struggle with he task of coordinate a orchestra and a incompetent singer . Beyond that - dimly white shirt front and glisten bosom for a couple of row , and then deep and terrible darkness . closeup of kane 's face - seat in the audience - listen . sudden but perfectly correct lull in the music reveal a voice from the audience - a few word from a sentence - the kind of thing that often happen in a theatre - the voice - really pathetic . Music crash in and drown out the rest of the sentence , but hundred of people around the voice have hear it ( as well as kane ) and there be titter which grow in volume . closeup of Susan 's face - sing . closeup of kane 's face - listen . there be the ghastly sound of three thousand people applaud as little as possible . kane still look . then , near the camera , there be the sound of about a dozen people applaud very , very loudly . camera move back , revealing bernstein and Reilly and other kane stooge , seat around he , beat they palm together . the curtain be fall - as we can see by the light which shutter down off they face . the stage from kane 's angle . the curtain be down - the light glow on it . still , the polite applause die fast . nobody come out for a bow . closeup of kane - breathe heavily . suddenly he start to applaud furiously . the stage from the audience again . Susan appear for she bow . she can hardly walk . there be a little polite crescendo of applause , but it be sickly . closeup of kane - still applaud very , very hard , he eye on Susan . the stage again . Susan , finish she bow , go out through the curtain . the light on the curtain go out and the houselight go on . closeup of kane - still applaud very , very hard . dissolve : int . study - kane's new york home - day - some week later . Susan , in a negligee , be at the window . there be the remain of she breakfast tray on a little table . susan you do not propose to have yourself make ridiculous ? what about I ? I be the one that have to do the sing . I be the one that get the razzberry . ( pause ) last week , when I be shopping , one of the salesgirl do a imitation of I for another girl . she think I do not see she , but - Charlie , you might as well make up you mind to it . this be one thing you be not go to have you own way about . I can not sing and you know it - why can not you just - kane rise and walk toward she . there be cold menace in he walk . Susan shrink a little as he draw closer to she . kane my reason satisfy I , Susan . you seem unable to understand they . I will not tell they to you again . ( he be very close to she ) you will continue with you sing . his eye be relentlessly upon she . she see something in they that frighten she . she nod she head slowly , indicate surrender . dissolve out : dissolve in : Front page of the " San Francisco Enquirer " contain a large portrait of Susan as thais ( as before ) . it be announce that Susan will open a independent season in San Francisco in " thais . " the picture remain constant but the name of the papers change from New York to St. Louis , to Los Angeles to Cleveland , to Denver to Philadelphia - all " enquirer . " during all this , on the soundtrack , Susan 's voice be hear sing she aria very faintly and far away , she voice crack a little . at the conclusion of this above , Susan have finish she song , and there be the same mild applause as before - over the sound of this , one man loudly applaud . this fade out as we - dissolve : int . susan's bedroom - kane's new york home - late night - the camera angle across the bed and Susan 's form towards the door , from the other side of which voice can be hear . kane's voice let 's have you key , Raymond . raymond' voice yes , sir . kane's voice the key must be in the other side . ( pause ) we will knock the door down , Raymond . raymond' voice ( call ) Mrs. kane - kane's voice do what I say . the door crash open , light flood in the room , revealing Susan , fully dress , stretch out on the bed , one arm dangle over the side . kane rush to she . kane get Dr. Corey . raymond yes , sir . he rush out . Susan be breathe , but heavily . kane loosen the lace collar at she throat . dissolve : int . susan be room - late night - a little later . all the light be light . Susan , in a nightgown , be in bed , asleep . Raymond and a nurse be just leave the room , Raymond close the door quietly behind he . Dr. Corey rise . dr . corey she will be perfectly all right in a day or two , Mr. kane . kane nod . he have a small bottle in he hand . dr . corey the nurse have complete instruction , but if you care to talk to I at any time , I should be only too glad - I shall be here in the morning . kane thank you . I can not imagine how Mrs . kane come to make such a silly mistake . the sedative Dr. wagner give she be in a somewhat larger bottle - I suppose the strain of prepare for she trip have excited and confuse she . dr . corey I be sure that 's it . ( he start out ) kane there be no objection to my stay here with she , be there ? dr . corey not at all . I would like the nurse to be here , too . kane of course . Dr. Corey leave . kane settles himself in a chair next to the bed , look at Susan . in a moment , the nurse enter , go to a chair in the corner of the room , and sit down . dissolve : int . susan be room - day - Susan , utterly spend , be lie flat on she back in she bed . kane be in the chair beside she . the nurse be out of the room . susan ( in a voice that come from far away ) I could not make you see how I feel , Charlie . I just could not - I could not go throw with sing again . you do not know what it mean to feel - to know that people - that a audience do not want you . that if you have not get what they want - a real voice - they just do not care about you . even when they be polite - and they do not laugh or get restless or - you know ... they do not want you . they just - kane ( angrily ) that 's when you have get to fight they . that 's when you have get to make they . that 's - Susan 's head turn and she look at he silently with pathetic eye . kane I be sorry . ( he lean over to pat she hand ) you will not have to fight they anymore . ( he smile a little ) it 's they loss . gratefully , Susan , with difficulty , bring she other hand over to cover he . dissolve : ext . establishing shot of xanadu - half built int . the grand hall in xanadu - closeup of a enormous jigsaw puzzle . a hand be put in the last piece . camera move back to reveal jigsaw puzzle spread out on the floor . Susan be on the floor before she jigsaw puzzle . kane be in a easy chair . behind they tower the massive Renaissance fireplace . it be night and baroque candelabra illuminate the scene . susan ( with a sigh ) what time be it ? there be no answer . susan Charlie ! I say , what time be it ? kane ( look up - consult he watch ) half past eleven . susan I mean in New York . kane half past eleven . susan at night ? kane yes . the bulldog 's just go to press . susan ( sarcastically ) hurray for the bulldog ! ( sigh ) half past eleven ! the show have just let out . people be go to night club and restaurant . of course , we be different . we live in a palace - at the end of the world . kane you always say you want to live in a palace . susan can not we go back , Charlie ? kane look at she smilingly and turn back to he work . susan Charlie - there be no answer . susan if I promise to be a good girl ! not to drink - and to entertain all the governor and the senator with dignity - ( she put a slur into the word ) Charlie - there be still no answer . dissolve out : dissolve in : another picture puzzle - Susan 's hand fitting in a miss piece . dissolve : another picture puzzle - Susan 's hand fitting in a miss piece . dissolve : int . xanadu - live room - day - another picture puzzle . camera pull back to show kane and Susan in much the same position as before , except that they be older . kane one thing I have never be able to understand , Susan . how do you know you have not do they before ? Susan shoot he a angry glance . she be not amused . susan it make a whole lot more sense than collect venuse . kane you may be right - I sometimes wonder - but you get into the habit - susan ( snap ) it 's not a habit . I do it because I like it . kane I be refer to myself . ( pause ) I think we might have a picnic tomorrow - it might be a nice change after the Wild West party tonight . invite everybody to go to the everglade - susan ( throw down a piece of the jigsaw puzzle and rise ) invite everybody ! order everybody , you mean , and make they sleep in tent ! who want to sleep in tent when they have a nice room of they own - with they own bath , where they know where everything be ? kane have look at she steadily , not hostilely . kane I think we might invite everybody to go on a picnic tomorrow . stay at everglade overnight . ( he pat she lightly on the shoulder ) please see that the arrangement be make , Susan . kane turn away - to bernstein . kane you remember my son , Mr. bernstein . on the soundtrack we hear the follow line of dialogue : bernstein voice ( embarrased ) oh , yes . how do you do , Mr. kane ? charlie JR .'s voice hello . during this , camera hold on closeup of Susan 's face . she be very angry . dissolve : ext . the everglade camp - night - Long shot - of a number of classy tent . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . large tent - everglade camp - night - two real bed have be set up on each side of the tent . a rather classy dress table be in the rear , at which Susan be prepare for bed . kane , in he shirt - sleeve , be in a easy chair , read . Susan be very sullen . susan I be not go to put up with it . kane turn to look at she . susan I mean it . ( she catch a slight flicker on kane 's face ) oh , I know I always say I mean it , and then I do not - or you get I so do not do what I say I be go to - but - kane ( interrupt ) you be in a tent , darling . you be not at home . and I can hear you very well if you just talk in a normal tone of voice . susan I be not go to have my guest insulted , just because you think - ( in a rage ) - if people want to bring a drink or two along on a picnic , that 's they business . you have get no right - kane ( quickly ) I have get more than a right as far as you be concerned , Susan . susan oh , I be sick and tired of you tell I what I must and what I mus not do ! kane ( gently ) you be my wife , Susan , and - susan I be not just you wife , I be a person all by myself - or I ought to be . I be once . sometimes you get I to believe I never be . kane we can discuss all this some other time , Susan . right now - susan I will discuss what 's on my mind when I want to . you be not go to keep on run my life the way you want it . kane as far as you be concerned , Susan , I have never want anything - I do not want anything now - except what you want . susan what you want I to want , you mean . what you have decide I ought to have - what you would want if you be I . but you have never give I anything that - kane Susan , I really think - susan oh , I do not mean the thing you have give I - that do not mean anything to you . what 's the difference between give I a bracelet or give somebody else a hundred thousand dollar for a statue you be go to keep crate up and never look at ? it 's only money . it do not mean anything . you be not really give anything that belong to you , that you care about . kane ( he have rise ) Susan , I want you to stop this . and right now ! susan well , I be not go to stop it . I be go to say exactly what I think . ( she scream ) you have never give I anything . you have try to buy I into give you something . you be - ( a sudden notion ) - it 's like you be bribe I ! that 's what it 's be from the first moment I meet you . no matter how much it cost you - you time , you money - that 's what you have do with everybody you have ever know . try to bribe they ! kane Susan ! she look at he , with no lessen of she passion . kane you be talk a incredible amount of nonsense , Susan . ( quietly ) whatever I do - I do - because I love you . susan Love ! you do not love anybody ! I or anybody else ! you want to be love - that 's all you want ! I be Charles Foster kane . whatever you want - just name it and it 's yours ! only love I ! do not expect I to love you - without a word , kane slap she across the face . they look at each other . susan you - you hit I . kane continue to look at she . susan you will never have another chance to hit I again . ( pause ) never know till this minute - kane Susan , it seem to I - susan do not tell I you be sorry . kane I be not sorry . susan I be go to leave you . kane no , you be not . susan ( nod ) yes . they look at each other , fixedly , but she do not give way . in fact , the camera on kane 's face show the beginning of a startle look , as of one who see something unfamiliar and unbelievable . dissolve : int . kane's study - xanadu - day - kane be a the window look out . he turn as he hear Raymond enter . raymond Mrs. kane would like to see you , Mr. kane . kane all right . Raymond wait as kane hesitates . kane be Mrs. kane - ( he can not finish ) raymond Marie have be pack since morning , Mr. kane . kane impetuously walk past he out of the room . int . susan be room - xanadu - day - pack suitcase be on the floor , Susan be completely dress for travel . kane burst into the room . susan tell Arnold I be ready , Marie . he can get the bag . marie yes , Mrs. kane . she leave . kane close the door behind she . kane have you go completely crazy ? Susan look at he . kane do not you realize that everybody here be go to know about this ? that you have pack you bag and order the car and - susan - and leave ? of course they will hear . I be not say goodbye - except to you - but I never imagine that people would not know . kane be stand against the door as if physically barring she way . kane I will not let you go . susan you can not stop I . kane keep look at she . Susan reach out she hand . susan Goodbye , Charlie . kane ( suddenly ) do not go , Susan . susan let 's not start all over again , Charlie . we have say everything that can be say . kane Susan , do not go ! Susan , please ! he have lose all pride . Susan stop . she be affect by this . kane you must not go , Susan . everything will be exactly the way you want it . not the way I think you want it - by you way . please , Susan - Susan ! she be stare at he . she might weaken . kane do not go , Susan ! you must not go ! ( almost blubber ) you - you can not do this to I , Susan - it 's as if he have throw ice water into she face . she freeze . susan I see - it 's you that this be be do to ! it 's not I at all . not how I feel . not what it mean to I . ( she laugh ) I can not do this to you ! ( she look at he ) oh , yes I can . she walk out , past kane , who turn to watch she go , like a very tired old man . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . " EL rancho " cabaret - night - Susan and Thompson at a table . there be silence between they for a moment . susan in case you have never hear of how I lose all my money - and it be plenty , believe I - thompson the last ten year have be tough on a lot of people . susan they have not be tough on I . I just lose my money . but when I compare this last ten year with the twenty I spend with he - thompson I feel kind of sorry for he , all the same - susan ( harshly ) do not you think I do ? ( pause ) you say you be go down to xanadu ? thompson Monday , with some of the boy from the office . Mr. rawlston want the whole place photograph carefully - all that art stuff . we run a picture magazine , you know - susan I know . if you be smart , you will talk to Raymond . that 's the butler . you can learn a lot from he . he know where the body be bury . she shiver . the dawn light from the skylight above have grow brighter , make the artificial light in the night club look particularly ghastly , revealing mercilessly every year of Susan 's age . susan well , what do you know ? it 's morning already . ( look at he ) you must come around and tell I the story of you life sometime . fade out : fade in : int . great hall - xanadu - night - a open door show the pantry , which be dark . Thompson and Raymond be at a table . there be a pitcher of beer and a plate of sandwich before they . Raymond drink a glass of beer and settles back . raymond yes , sir - yes , sir , I know how to handle the old man . he be kind of queer , but I know how to handle he . thompson queer ? raymond yeah . I guess he be not very happy that last year - he do not have much reason to be - dissolve : int . corridor and telegraph office - xanadu - night - Raymond walk rapidly along corridor . he push open a door . at a desk in a fairly elaborate telegraph office sit a wireless operator name Fred . near he at a telephone switchboard sit a female operator name Katherine ( not that it matter ) . raymond ( read ) Mr. Charles Foster kane announce today that Mrs. Charles Foster kane have leave xanadu , he Florida home , under the term of a peaceful and friendly agreement with the intention of filing suit for divorce at a early date . Mrs. kane say that she do not intend to return to the operatic career which she give up a few year after she marriage , at Mr. kane 's request . sign , Charles Foster kane . Fred finish type and then look up . raymond exclusive for immediate transmission . urgent priority all kane papers . fred okay . there be the sound of the buzzer on the switchboard . Katherine put in a plug and answer the call . katherine yes ... yes ... Mrs. tinsdall - very well . ( turn to Raymond ) it 's the housekeeper . raymond yes ? katherine she say there 's some sort of disturbance up in Mrs. Alexander 's room . she 's afraid to go in . dissolve : int . corridor outside susan's bedroom - xanadu - night - the housekeeper , Mrs. tinsdall , and a couple of maid be near the door but be too afraid to be in front of it . from inside can be hear a terrible bang and crash . Raymond hurry into scene , open the door and go in . int . susan's bedroom - xanadu - kane , in a truly terrible and absolutely silent rage , be literally break up the room - yanking picture , hook and all off the wall , smash they to bit - ugly , gaudy picture - susie 's picture in susie 's bad taste . off of occasional table , bureaus , he sweep susie 's whorish accumulation of bric-a-brac . Raymond stand in the doorway watch he . kane say nothing . he continue with tremendous speed and surprising strength , still wordlessly , tear the room to bit . the curtain ( too frilly - overly pretty ) be pull off the window in a single gesture , and from the bookshelve he pull down double armload of cheap novel - discover a half - empty bottle of liquor and dash it across the room . finally he stop . susie 's cozy little chamber be a incredible shamble all around he . he stand for a minute breathe heavily , and he eye light on a hang what - not in a corner which have escape he notice . prominent on its center shelf be the little glass ball with the snowstorm in it . he yank it down . something make of china break , but not the glass ball . it bounce on the carpet and roll to he foot , the snow in a flurry . his eye follow it . he stoops to pick it up - can not make it . Raymond pick it up for he ; hand it to he . kane take it sheepishly - look at it - move painfully out of the room into the corridor . int . corridor outside susan's bedroom - xanadu - kane come out of the door . Mrs. tinsdall have be join now by a fairly sizable turnout of servant . they move back away from kane , stare at he . Raymond be in the doorway behind kane . kane look at the glass ball . kane ( without turn ) Close the door , Raymond . raymond yes , sir . ( he close it ) kane lock it - and keep it lock . Raymond lock the door and come to he side . there be a long pause - servant stare in silence . kane give the glass ball a gentle shake and start another snowstorm . kane Raymond - ( he be almost in a trance ) raymond yes , sir - one of the young servant giggle and be hushed up . kane shake the ball again . another flurry of snow . he watch the flake settle - then look up . finally , take in the pack of servant and something of the situation , he put the glass ball in he coat pocket . he speak very quietly to Raymond , so quietly it only seem he 's talk to himself . kane keep it lock . he slowly walk off down the corridor , the servant give way to let he pass , and watch he as he go . he be a old , old man ! dissolve : int . kane's chapel - xanadu - late afternoon - as the dissolve complete itself , camera be travellle across the floor of the chapel past the crypt of kane 's father and mother - ( mark : James kane - 18 - to 19 - ; Mary kane - 18 - to 19 - ; ) - past a blank crypt , and then hold on the burial of kane 's son . a group of ordinary workmen in ordinary clothes be lowering a very expensive - look coffin into its crypt . kane stand nearby with Raymond , look on . the man strain and grunt as the coffin bang on the stone floor . the man now place over it a long marble slab on which be cut the word : charle foster kane ii . 1907 - 1938 one of the workmen sorry , Mr. kane , we will not be able to cement it till tommorrow . we - kane look right through he . Raymond cut he short . raymond okay . the man tip they hat and shuffle out of the chapel . kane raise he head , look at the inscription on the wall . it be a little to one side of junior 's grave , directly over the blank place which will be occupy by kane himself . kane do you like poetry , Raymond ? raymond can not say , sir . kane Mrs. kane like poetry - Raymond be now convinced that the old master be very far go indeed - not to say off he trolley . raymond yes , Mr. kane . kane not my wife - not either of they . he look at the grave next to he son 's - the grave mark " mary kane . " raymond ( catch on ) oh , yes , sir . kane ( look back up at the wall ) do you know what that be ? raymond ( more he keeper than he butler now ) it 's a wall you buy in China , Mr. kane . kane persia . it belong to a king . raymond how do you get he to part with it , Mr. kane ? kane he be dead ... that 's a poem . do you know what it mean ? raymond no , I do not , Mr. kane . kane I do not use to be afraid of it . a short pause . his eye still on the wall , but look through it , kane quote the translation . kane the drunkeness of youth have pass like a fever , and yet I see many thing , see my glory in the day of my glory , I think my power eternal and the day of my life fix surely in the year but a whisper come to I from him who die not . I call my tributary king together and that who be proud ruler under I , I open the box of my treasure to they , say : " take hill of gold , moutain of silver , and give I only one more day upon the earth . " but they stand silent , look upon the ground ; so that I die and death come to sit upon my throne . o son of man you see a stranger upon the road , you call to he and he do not step . he be you life walk towards time , hurrying to meet the king of India and China . ( quote ) o son of man you be catch in the web of the world and the spider nothing wait behind it . where be the man with tower hope ? they have change place with owl , Owls who have live in tomb and now inhabit a palace . kane still stare at the wall , through it , and way beyond it . Raymond look at he . dissolve out : dissolve in : int . great hall - xanadu - night - Thompson and Raymond . Raymond have finish he beer . raymond ( callously ) that 's the whole work , right up to date . thompson sentimental fellow , be not you ? raymond yes and no . thompson ( get to he foot ) well , thanks a lot . raymond see what I mean ? he be a little go in the head - the last couple of year , anyway - but I know how to handle he . ( rise ) that " rosebud " - that do not mean anything . I hear he say it . he just say " rosebud " and then he drop that glass ball and it break on the floor . he do not say anything about that , so I know he be dead - he say all kind of thing I could not make out . but I know how to take care of he . Thompson do not answer . raymond you can go on ask question if you want to . thompson ( coldly ) we be leave tonight . as soon as they be through photograph the stuff - Thompson have rise . Raymond get to he foot and go to the door , open it for he . raymond allow yourself plenty of time . the train stop at the Junction on signal - but they do not like to wait . not now . I can remember when they would wait all day ... if Mr. kane say so . Raymond ush Thompson into int . the great hall - xanadu - night - the magnificent tapestry , candelabra , etc. , be still there , but now several large pack case be pile against the wall , some break open , some shut and a number of object , great and small , be pile pell mell all over the place . Furniture , statue , painting , bric-a-brac - thing of obviously enormous value be stand beside a kitchen stove , a old rock chair and other junk , among which be also a old sled , the self - same story . somewhere in the back , one of the vast gothic window of the hall be open and a light wind blow through the scene , rustling the papers . in the center of the hall , a photographer and he Assistant be busy photograph the sundry object . the floor be litter with burnt - out flash bulb . they continue they work throughout the early part of the scene so that now and then a flash bulb go off . in addition to the photographer and he Assistant , there be a girl and two newspaperment - the second and third Men of the projection room scene - also Thompson and Raymond . the girl and the second man , who wear a hat , be dance somewhere in the back of the hall to the music of a phonograph . a flash bulb go off . the photographer have just photograph a picture , obviously of great value , a italian primitive . the Assistant consult a label on the back of it . assistant no . 9182 the third newspaperman start to jot this information down . assistant " nativity " - attribute to donatello , acquire Florence 1921 , cost 45,000 lira . get that ? third newspaperman yeah . photographer all right ! next ! better get that statue over there . assistant okay . the photographer and he assitant start to move off with they equipment towards a large sculpture in another part of the hall . raymond what do you think all that be worth , Mr. Thompson ? thompson million - if anybody want it . raymond the bank be out of luck , eh ? thompson oh , I do not know . they will clear all right . assistant " venus , " fourth century . acquire 1911 . cost twenty - three thousand . get it ? third newspaperman okay . assistant ( patting the statue on the fanny ) that 's a lot of money to pay for a dame without a head . second assistant ( read a label ) no. 483 . one desk from the estate of Mary kane , Little Salem , Colorado . value $ 6.00 . third newspaperman okay . a flashlight bulb go off . second assistant we be all set to get everything . the junk as well as the art . Thompson have open a box and be idly play with a handful of little piece of cardboard . third newspaperman what 's that ? raymond it 's a jigsaw puzzle . third newspaperman we get a lot of that . there 's a burmese Temple and three Spanish ceiling down the hall . Raymond laugh . photographer yeah , all in crate . third newspaperman there 's a part of a scotch castle over there , but we have not bother to unwrap it . photographer I wonder how they put all that piece together ? assistant ( read a label ) Iron stove . estate of Mary kane . value $ 2.00 . photographer put it over by that statue . it will make a good setup . girl ( call out ) who be she anyway ? second newspaperman venus . she always be . third newspaperman he sure like to collect thing , do not he ? raymond he go right on buy - right up to the end . photographer anything and everything - he be a regular crow . third newspaperman wonder - you put all this together - the palace and the painting and the toy and everything - what would it spell ? Thompson have turn around . he be face the camera for the first time . thompson Charles Foster kane . another flash bulb go off . the photographer turn to Thompson with a grin . photographer or rosebud ? how about it , Jerry ? third newspaperman ( to the dancer ) turn that thing off , will you ? it 's drive I nut ! what 's rosebud ? photographer kane 's last word , be not they , Jerry ? ( to the third newspaperman ) that be Jerry 's angle , be not it , Jerry ? do you ever find out what it mean , Jerry ? thompson no , I do not . the music have stop . the dancer have come over to Thompson . second newspaperman say , what do you find out about he , anyway , Jerry ? thompson not much . second newspaperman well , what have you be do ? thompson play with a jigsaw puzzle - I talk to a lot of people who know he . girl what do they say ? thompson well - it 's become a very clear picture . he be the most honest man who ever live , with a streak of crookedness a yard wide . he be a liberal and a reactionary ; he be tolerant - " live and let live " - that be he motto . but he have no use for anybody who disagree with he on any point , no matter how small it be . he be a loving husband and a good father - and both he wife leave he and he son get himself kill about as shabbily as you can do it . he have a gift for friendship such as few man have - he break he oldest friend 's heart like you would throw away a cigarette you be through with . outside of that - third newspaperman okay , okay . girl what about rosebud ? do not you think that explain anything ? thompson no , I do not . not much anway . Charles Foster kane be a man who get everything he want , and then lose it . maybe rosebud be something he could not get or lose . no , I do not think it explain anything . I do not think any word explain a man 's life . no - I guess rosebud be just a piece in a jigsaw puzzle - a miss piece . he drop the jigsaw piece back into the box , look at he watch . thompson we would better get along . we will miss the train . he pick up he overcoat - it have be rest on a little sled - the little sled young Charles Foster kane hit thatcher with at the open of the picture . camera do not close in on this . it just register the sled as the newspaper people , pick up they clothes and equipment , move out of the great hall . dissolve : int . cellar - xanadu - night - a large furnace , with a open door , dominate the scene . two laborer , with shovel , be shovel thing into the furnace . Raymond be about ten foot away . raymond throw that junk in , too . camera travel to the pile that he have indicate . it be mostly bit of break pack case , excelsior , etc . the sled be on top of the pile . as camera come close , it show the fade rosebud and , though the letter be fade , unmistakably the word " rosebud " across it . the laborer drop he shovel , take the sled in he hand and throw it into the furnace . the flame start to devour it . ext . xanadu - night - no light be to be see . smoke be come from a chimney . camera reverse the path it take at the beginning of the picture , perhaps omit some of the stage . it move finally through the gate , which close behind it . as camera pause for a moment , the letter " k " be prominent in the moonlight . just before we fade out , there come again into the picture the pattern of barb wire and cyclone fencing . on the fence be a sign which read : " private - no trespassing " fade out : the end