'' CITY island '' by Raymond De felitta int . NORTH jersey correctional facility day a dank and cheerless cell - block . two correctional officer examine the cell , make sure all inmate be present . one of the officer be middle - age , tough but not scary - tough . this be vincent rizzo . Vince rizzo call out the name of the prisoner as they pass the cell . vince nakovny ... napperfork .. nardella ... this last name make he pause . he stop and stare into the cell at a young inmate who glower back . vince ( v.o. ) you ask I my worst secret . my most personal secret . the secret of all my secret . I get it . Vince stare at the young man name nardella . and then , reluctantly , move on . vince ( v.o. ) but first .. I be Vince rizzo and I want to begin by tell you about where I live . credit sequence 1 . ext . CITY island the bronx day boat in the harbor . sunlight glint off the water . Old clapboard house set in what appear to be a genuine fishing village . all with a view of Manhattan . vince ( v.o. ) City Island be a fishing village , locate in the bronx , New York , a place most people associate with machete 's , chop -shop , the Son of Sam , gang warfare and the once great New York yankee . shot of family leaving there house for work vince ( v.o. ) the bronx be all this thing . but it be also home to the family that be the infra - structure of the great city in the world — the fireman , the cab-driver , the sanitation worker , the secretary , the teacher and the cop . and the guy who work in we local prison . like myself more shot of CITY island the local open they shop in the morning , bid each other a good day . vince ( v.0 . ) now : City Island be distinct from the rest of the bronx by virtue of be locate on it 's own two lane spit , right in the middle of the sound . most people do not believe it until they see it . and within the one square mile that comprise all there be of City Island lie another distinction . that of the muscle - sucker versus the clam digger . shot of the boat worker in the harbor vince ( v.o. ) the ' muscle -sucker 's be a island resident who move here from somewhere else . the ' clam - digger 's , however , be bear and breed on City Island , preferably in the same house that 's be hand down through the generation . myself , I be a clam-digger . there 's quite a few of we . house do not go up for sale here everyday . my grandparent build we house in 1924 . my dad grow up here . so do I . my kid do too . and this go to the heart of why it matter so much to a clam-digger to be what he be and not some mussel - sucker . 2 . ext . rizzo house day the rizzo family home at the end of the cul - de-sac , which sit on the water . quaint , but not well keep . a Jeep and a dodge rambler sit on the ill - keep front lawn . vince ( v.o. ) because we represent family , continuity , stability . and in the bronx —hell , in the world as we know it — this quality be in increasingly short supply . in short , the world can be divide between clam-diggers and mussel sucker . that who stay , and that who wander . but I digress . you ask I my worst secret . my most personal secret . the secret of all my secret . well .. like most of we , I guess I have a few . from a upstairs side - window , we see smoke . not billow or threaten , just gently emerge from the window . 3 . int . rizzo house day joyce rizzo be get dress in a hurry . great body . savvy eye . Men of a certain generation would call she foxy . Morning news blare from a television . the bedroom be small and unkempt . joyce Vince ! you fall in or something -- what be you doin ' in there ? vince ( 0.s. ) shower ! Joyce make a jerk - off motion . joyce I need the blow -dryer . no response . she go to the bathroom door and bang . 4 . int . bathroom although the shower be run , vince rizzo be not shower . he be smoking a cigarette , lean against the tiny window and carefully blow the smoke out . on he face , bemusement . as Joyce knock -- vince Christ . he carefully stashes he cigarette on the ledge , grab the blow - dryer and open the door a crack , offer it . she grab it . 5 . int . hallway / bedroom Joyce . as she move down the hall she yell — joyce vinnie ! you ready for you test today ? 6 . int . vince JR . 's room vince jr. , seventeen , be skinny , all elbow and angst . he surf the web for porn . we see quick flash of breast , leg , ass . vince JR . uh , yeah . just about . joyce go out and start my car . i’1l be five minute . he stand up and back away from the internet , not take he eye off it as he leave he room . 7 . ext . rizzo house Vince Jr. exit the house , backpack sling over he shoulder , lean into Joyce 's jeep and start it up . across the street a obese woman be leave . she 's over three - hundred pound but carry herself well , even proudly . she wave at Vince Jr . obese woman Morning . he watch as she maneuver herself into a small Honda and drive away . Vince Jr. stare as the little car disappear up the street . 8 . int . rizio' bedroom Joyce be almost do with she hair . Vince enter in a robe . now we see he clearly for the first time . Vince rizzo be forty -ish . he be very much here and very much somewhere else simultaneously . distraction be he mode . his face which be a perfect poem of puzzlement . as he dress — joyce call vivian , will ya ' ? find out what train she 's take . vince she stay over ? joyce spring break . she 's here all week . I think we have go out for mexican tonight -- vince poker game . joyce ( roll she eye ) you daughter 's home from college and all you can think about be -- vince she 's here all week ! just make a early dinner and do not let 's start . joyce and this summer , Vince ? you be finish that garage room and add another bathroom - even if we gotta get you back on night shift to afford it ! the slamm of the door as Joyce exit end the conversation . Vince look at himself in the mirror . his eye seem to ask : be this a bad marriage ? 9 . int . vince's dodge rambler Vince sit in traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike . he punch he cellular . a moment later --- vivian ( 0.s. ) hi dad . vince hey sweetheart . how 's we future college grad ? vivian ( 0.s. ) s'fine . whatever . what 's up ? vince well , you mom want to know what you want to do all week ? vivian ( 0.s. ) all week ? vince yeah , you spring break . vivian ( pause , then --0o.s. ) oh. right . vince you get other plan ? d’you forget ? vivian ( 0.s. ) no. course not . I just have work and -- vince bring you book with you . take the six o'clock . I will pick you up . vivian ( 0.s. ) you do not have to ! he almost rear -end a car . but he slam on the break and lose he phone . when he pick it up off the floor -- vince hello ? Christ . vivian 's go . Vince crush he cigarette out and light another . 10 . ext . bronx science high school Joyce 's car pull up . Vince Jr. get out . Joyce scrawl she signature on a piece of paper and hand it to he . joyce write whatever , I do not have time . she drive off . Vince Jr. wait a beat , watch she go . once she 's go , he rummages through he bag again and peer in . a pack of marlboro light and a bic at the ready . he set he mother 's '' note '' on fire and light a cigarette with it . 11 . int . joyce 's car Joyce drive into the city . she reach into she purse . a pack of camel light and a bic at the ready ! she light up she first smoke of the day and exhales gustily . 12 . ext . NORTH jersey state correctional facilit Vince 's rambler pull into the official gate . he park and get out , hustling from the car to the building chain lighting one cigarette with the next . 13 . ext . bronx science high school Vince Jr. look around and see — a chubby teenage girl sitting on the step this be cheryl . Vince Jr. walk over . vince JR . hey , Cheryl . what 's the matter ? cheryl ( not look up ) do not feel well . I be go home . vince JR . what 's wrong ? cheryl it 's this new diet I be on . cabbage soup and lentil . my stomach be , like , explode . ( then , look at he sourly ) I can not believe you smoke . gross. vince JR . wanna do something ? I be not go to class today . cheryl like what ? vince JR . I do not know . maybe get some doughnut ? cheryl oh , nice . just make a fat joke . creep . Cheryl get up and march away . Vince Jr. stare at she , bemuse at she reaction . then he walk the other way . 14 . int . jersey correctional day Morning roll call . Vince -- in uniform -- walk with another guard , matt cruniff . Vince yell out name as Matt cruniff inspect cell . ( after every name we hear a grunt . ) vince Hall ! hammett ! hansky ! hattford ! matt Morning lady ! vince holurud ! hunt ! innersby ! issac ! 15 . int . law firm day Joyce rizzo work the phone . this be she gig . joyce partrige , amis , pruitt and Van helfen -- he 's at lunch , would you like voicemail ? she patch through without wait for a answer . take she headset off and leave . she hit another secretary 's desk . her name be tanya . joyce he play poker again last night . as she walk away , Tanya bail she station , eagerly . tanya wait ! Joyce , wait ! 16 . int . jersey correctional day pan the face of the prisoner as they grunt after they name be call . vince nadler ! nakovny ! nardella ! after this last grunt , a slight pause . Vince look at the prisoner name : tony nardella twenty - one year of age . Dark hair . brood good look . he stare sullenly back at Vince . a beat . then Vince continue with — vince neirhoff ! nieman ! nosotrolano ! nardella 's eye follow Vince warily . then he look away . 17 . ext . office build day Joyce and Tanya smoke it up on the plaza in front of they building . joyce I check he pocket . no money — and I figure Vince for a loser at card . so he might really be play poker . tanya I remember my bernie 's poker - game . Jamie - lee. from Arkansas . still hard to believe anyone other than Bill Clinton come from Arkansas . joyce besides , Vince be not really the cheating type . you know ? I mean , that take energy , plan . tanya you yourself tell I it 's be a year since you have have sex . joyce ( think , shake she head ) yeah , but Tanya , a year without sex in a long marriage , that 's like a coffee break . 10 tanya okay . so , how come the poker game be always when he 's piss off at you ? joyce good , but not positive proof . I gotta theory that most guy do not bother to cheat cause it 's too much trouble . they like the sex up here — ( she point to she head ) -- more than .. you know . and honestly ? what 's the difference ? after awhile , marriage be really just about run a business . tanya sooo empower . joyce shut up . tanya Joyce —hello ? my husband share with somebody else what he be legally bound to only share with I ? and expect I to believe he 's play poker ? ( pause , then simply ) even if it be a better lie , I have kill he . and she . Tanya smoke she cigarette . Joyce look away . joyce be that what you do to Jamie - Lee ? tanya worse . I let she keep bernie . *18.int . correction office Vince and Matt behind a desk in the strictly basic office they share . Vince read a tatter paperback : '' brando : a matt so. play " poker " tonight ? he make " quote " sign and smile knowingly . Vince shoot he a look . vince it 's not what you think , matt. ( back to paperwork ) who the new guy ? 1 matt Del bogartransferred from upstate . and uh — nardella . vince ( pause , then ) lemme see he sheet . Matt toss Vince a short stack of papers . in bold letter : nardella , ANTHONY --- transfer -- camden State . B : 8/12/84 camden , n.j. count three -grand theft auto drug felony possession maximum offender approve -- board of parole . next to this be : a mugshot of tony nardella facing front and profile . Vince examine it . matt Grand theft Auto , ounce a’coke , intent to sell . done three of five at southcourt . they laid he off on we oovercrowd . vince ( read ) '' parole .. provisional release to close live relative ... '' matt coulda do thirty day on the outside if he would have any family to claim he sorry grand theft ass . instead he 's gotta wait out the rest of he time ... vince hm. s’tough . matt ( shrug ) he 's all get out eventually . then he get to boost another Ferrari . vince ( read the sheet ) say it be a impala . Vince 's eye : something odd run through he brain . 18 . omit 19 . ext . prison 12 Vince step outside for a smoke . he punch he cellular . a moment later --- vivian ( 0.s. ) hi dad . vince hey sweetheart . how 's we future college grad ? 19a . int . locker room vivian rizzo be open she locker and get what appear to be a workout outfit out of she backpack . vivian s'fine . whatever . what 's up ? vince ( 0.s. ) well , you mom want to know what you want to do all week ? vivian all week ? 19b . intercut vince and vivian Vince blow the smoke away from the phone so as not to be hear .. vivian get she clothes out . vince yeah , you spring break . vivian oh. right. vince you get other plan ? d’you forget ? vivian no. course not . I just have work and -- vince bring you book with you . take the six o'clock . I will pick you up . vivian you do not have to ! vince I want too ! call and tell I what bus you catch . I love you . 13 vivian Love you too . hang up . pull back from vivian . the locker room be populate by attractive young woman in thongs , bras , outfit that do not seem . collegiate . a bouncer poke he head in . bouncer noon shift . you be on . vivian hustle into she '' work outfit '' and walk out into the 19c . int . hell 's half acre MAIN room Main area of a strip club . as she walk she talk with a fellow stripper name ezmalia , a eastern eurpoean ... ezmalia you look happy . vivian I be lose a whole weekend full of shift . forget about '' spring break . '' ezmalia what 's with you and spring break ? take a vacation like the other kid . vivian I need the money . as the two girl climb the stage and get to work on the pole , ezmalia you young girl — alone . how much money you need ? vivian you try go to college in America ? ezmalia you try financial aid ? vivian you try keep you scholarship to a Catholic University after be catch with a kilo of the sticky Hawaiian ? ezmalia you be a dealer ? 14 vivian I be hold . they suspend I and cut off my fund . I can go back next semester but I have to pay full tuition . ezmalia nod towards vivian 's large chest . ezmalia how much for that ? vivian welcome to America . take money to make money . 20 . j% xint . penn station sad Penn , with its pizza and doughnut dive . Vince be wait at a gate , watch passenger pour off a train . finally — vivian a bag in she hand . this be a different vivian . her hair be up in a bun , she clothes be conservative -- khaki 's , sweater and glass . Vince 's eye : he adore he ' little girl 's . Father and daughter hug . vince I be double park on thirty - fifth street . vivian you do not have to come . I coulda take the express bus . 21 . j§ int . vince's dodge rambler chugge up the West side highway , head for the Cross bronx . fat Friday traffic . 1010 win blare traffic report from the car radio . vince you bring you book ? vivian um --no . vince you do not gotta study or nothin' ? vivian s'fine . whatever , dad . 15 vince I do not want you fallin ' behind in -- vivian stop , dad . vince what ? I be only concerned -- vivian ( yell , point ahead ) stop dad ! she mean the car . they rear - end the car in front of they . 22 . ' ext . rizio' house night the rambler pull up onto the lawn , it 's front grill badly dent . as Vince and vivian get out of the car , Joyce appear in the doorway , look at the car . joyce great Vince . beautiful . thing of beauty . vince ah , shut -up . vivian look like she 's ready to go back to '' college . '' 23 . . not . dine room the four rizzo 's eat . Vince Jr. stare off at a television set in the other room , play tvland . joyce ( to vivian ) bloomie 's havin ' a sale in pelham . we should go tomorrow . vivian yeah . sure . joyce I can take off a day or two next week -- maybe we will go to the botanical garden . vinnie 's be want to go . vince jr. ( frown ) I what ? joyce to the botanical garden . she whacks he 16 vince jr. ( make face ) my face mom . it 's like : botanical garden ? maybe a tour of the ziplock bag factory would be more interesting ? vivian shut up , Vince — vince JR . ' shut up Vince ' — ' you shut up ’— ' no way 's — ' way ! 's arm . not hard . he recoil in fake pain . vince JR . ahh ! Christ -- my heart ! vince hey , hey , enough . vivian when 's he leave this phase of he dopey adolescence ? joyce never . he 's gonna stay in high school forever cause he 's too smart to take any of he class seriously . vince JR . what for - - to get a " a " ? wow , I get a " a " . five more " a 's " and I will have a " four point 0 . " letter and number . all so I can grow up and be another meaningless -- joyce ( jump in ) prison guard like you father who do not go to college either . vivian oh mom , real nice . vince ( eat , pause , then ) know what else happen if you do not go to college ? you wind up with a wife who answer phone for a goddam live ! joyce I go to oneonta — 17 vince for two year , big deal . not exactly a Harvard Degree there , be it ? Vince Jr. be watch the mount argument like a spectator . joyce if I have not get pregnant — vivian great mom , so I spoiled you college degree — joyce you do not spoil anything . I only say that if I have not have you I woulda -- suddenly Vince stand . throw he napkin down . joyce where you goin ' ? vince poker game . he slam the door . silence at the table . 24 . . int . malakov acting studio twenty or so people -- mostly under thirty . michael malakov , a bushy black - haire clad-in- black act teacher , be watch a emotional scene be perform by two young actor , a male and female . male actor wtake it all , I do not want it with condition ! take the house — female grandad 's house ! I want it to burn . sitting in the back , off to himself , be Vince . he be as out of place as he feel . he clutches a copy of '' a actor prepare '' as if hold onto a security blanket . calmly Michael malakov interrupt . malakov let I stop you right there . the actor freeze . this be not good . 18 malakov indication be no substitution for articulation . I be feel a lot of different emotion , but not one specific choice . and too much food on the table leave the hungry man starve with indecision . it also create a dramatic vacuum which , once enter , be very hard to disengage from . we favorite number ? one . one premise , one emotion , one action , one result , one step at a time . pause . the two actor nod . female actor thank you . pause . the student applaud . when they be do — malakov everybody stand ...stretch .. thank Mr. strasberg ... the CLASS thank you , Mr. strasberg . malakov and before you go , here be you assignment . stand in a row on stage . Quick , hurry ! the student jump on to the stage and form a row . malakov now twist into a semi-circle ... keep go until you be each face to face with another of you species ... and meet the person who stand across from you . people smile , shake hand . Vince be stand across from a wondrously allure woman name molly charlesworth . she speak with exaggerated formality . molly Molly charlesworth . a pleasure . vince yeah . Vince rizzo . she smile at he . he look away , uncomfortably . malakov you assignment for next week be : share the worst secret of you life with each other . the most personal secret . the secret class be over . eye . 19 of all you secret . you can do so without fear of intimacy issue or any of that bullshit because you be , in fact , protect by the statute of actor limitation to wit : actor can keep secret like nobody else because only they have secret that be even more damaging . ( laughter from the class ) what will you do with you new friend 's secret ? you will use it to find the courage to dramatize the tell of you own worst secret . the very thing that you right now be hide and protect with you very life will soon become a monologue for all of we to hear . I look forward to a litany of devastation next Friday , after which we will all drink too much and applaud ourselves at the West Bank . Vince and Molly look at each other , wide - molly I would love to be drunk before we do this , but the chance of a blackout and the result loss of memory preclude that . do not you think ? Vince nod , freeze , at the strange , attractive young woman . 25 . j$ int . empire diner they each munch way-too- big burger . Vince 's copy of '' a actor prepare '' sit on the table between they . molly then the day - may come into my room and say " you father do not kill himself . he try to kill you mother . " only my mother be away — and my father be so drunk he think they wedding portrait have come to life . so the cop take he in , my bro - the and I be send to live with my aunt on she plantation in Hawaii where my bro - the turn to opium by - product , I be shuttle to a series of dusty and best * forget swiss board school and my mother go into re-hab at Silver Hill where she meet a patient who be a bricklayer and fall in love with he and marry he twice . ( pause , then ) this be pre-liz Taylor and Larry fortensky . 20 pause . she eat a pickle . vince jesus. ( and then ) so what happen to you brother ? molly ( shake she head ) no , enough of that . I do not like it for this purpose . you see , the problem be I have tell that secret a million time -- I audition with it , in fact . ( and then ) all right , Vincent , you turn . I be stick . vince huh . ( pause , think ) be it possible that I do not have one ? molly no . that would make you too healthy to want to be a actor . come on now , think . vince well . okay . ( pause , then ) well , one thing . right here . my wife think I gotta poker game tonight . she do not know where I be . molly you mean , instead of tell she you be enrol in a night class you tell she you be out gambling ? be that better ? vince well , it 's hard to explain but .. yeah . she would not go for I want to be a actor . molly ( still puzzle ) how terribly refresh . I mean , to have a celebrity manqué in the family and to not encourage you own reality show . shun celebrity . how un - now . vince yeah , I guess so . molly so tell it to I . like you be confess it . 21 vince okay . ( gamely ) I be Vince rizzo and .. I want to tell you my worst secret . my most personal secret . see : my wife .. she think I get a poker game . when , in fact ... ( pause ) when , in fact ... ( pause ) '' you know what ? this be bullshit . Molly look happily take aback . molly you mean , you could do worse ? vince ( nod ) yeah . guess so . molly try I . vince really ? I mean .. we do not hardly know each other . molly I know . be not it lovely ? Vince 's face : yes , this be the right way to look at it . so : vince I just meet my son . molly where ? vince in uh .. the facility where I work . ( and then ) I be a correction officer . molly ( pause - - then ) you be a prison guard ? vince ( hate this term ) yeah , sorta . molly and how old be you son ? 22 vince guess he have be ..twenty -somethin 's by now . ( and then ) tony . his name 's tony . Vince reach into he pocket and pull out tony 's mugshot he hand it to Molly , who stare at it . a long stare . then -- molly this be brilliant . how old be you when -- vince early twenty . just a kid myself really . ( pause , then uncomfortably ) his mom be older . molly and how do you recognize he ? vince his name pop out on he rap sheet . nardella . which be nan--his mom 's -- name . bear in camden — that 's where she live . not that I be there at the time . ( starkly ) I take off . molly a child , conceive in love , but ... udestine to a life of crime . vince he steal a car . I mean .. do not exactly make he a criminal , right ? molly what kind of car ? vince ( think ) chevy impala . molly no. anyway , what else ? ( long pause , then excitedly ) you have never tell you current wife about he . or about he mother ! or about any of it ! vince ( long pause , then ) I mean to . it be just .. never the right time . 23 he stare off , unable to comprehend what 's happen to he in the past day . Molly stare at he , fascinate . 26 . % $ int . rizzo house Joyce and vivian watch '' american idol " , glassy eye and bored . vivian 's cell phone ring . she answer . vivian hi. no . can not talk now . maybe Monday . give my shift to Autumn . bye . joyce who be it ? vivian work . Joyce accept this , trust and disinterested . 27 . |. iint . vince jr.s room Vince Jr. be on the internet , glassy - eye . all kind of sex sight be searched like : hot horny babe ! blonde bitch ! hottest young model ! he stare numbly at the multiply image of tiny - waste , skinny young babe . no interest in he eye at all . he type in : fat chick , bronx new york . pause . hundred — no , thousand — of hit . he start scrolling madly through the image . pause as he see something strange . click . a moment later : a image appear of a woman . he stare at it . at first scared and then amaze as he see that — it 's the obese woman from next door Vince Jr. double -click and the woman 's website open up . it 's a elaborate site . the woman 's name be DENISE . DENISE ( on internet ) hi! I be denise and I be a proud bbw . that 's '' big beautiful woman '' for that of you new to this . I be five-eight , three - hundred and fifty pound and I think eat and be a big beautiful woman be the sexiest thing in the world ! Vince Jr. be both amaze and appal by what he 's see and hearing . after a moment , he exit the sight . stands up fast — like he 's afraid of be catch ! he walk to the window and look out at — 24 28 . DENISE 's house across the way . a light be on in the kitchen . he see she large silhouette move about the room . in he eye : shame and fascination . 29 . ext . 42°4 STREET night Vince and Molly , walk west . she 's enjoy he secret . molly and there stand you , ready to save — what 's he name ? vince ( little smile ) tony . tony nardella . molly ready to save tony nardella from the misery of the last mile and take he into the bosom of you warm - heart family ! vince unh-uh , no way . do not think so . molly why not ? vince my wife for one thing . she have flip . molly she think you be a virgin when you meet ? vince not exactly . but she do not think I be a father either . Joyce 's get pretty firm opinion on thing . it 's sorta she best quality and she worst — you know - - all in one . she 's one tough woman and she 'il fight like a pitbull for you if she 's on you side . molly she sound like ..a real dame . vince ( nod ) yeah . a real dame . look great too . ( pause , then ) I do not know .. we be not exactly friend anymore . I do not know when it happen . 25 molly ( pause , then ) the re-appearance of you secret love child might well provide the solution . vince how ? they stop walk . Molly examine Vince . can not resist touch he shoulder a little as she talk ... molly he will provide a dangerous symbol of you own virility . she will be remind of the very thing that attract she to you to begin with . you see , the Vincent she do not really know be the Vincent that she secretly want back . vince do that make sense ? molly no . but woman be emotionally incoherent . it 's one of we define characteristic . Molly watch Vince 's face : she can see he 's consider it . she pull out a pen , jot she phone number on the back of a card . molly ( cont . ) I do some of my best work via cellular . call I , Vincent . but only on a whim . and she hand she number to he and disappear into the starry night . alone , Vince smile at she as she leave . 30 . ext . CITY island morning the boat in the harbor . Pan across to the rizzo house . a plume of cigarette smoke come out of the upstairs bathroom window . we hear Vince cough . downstair on the front porch lie Vince Jr. , sleep . one eye open as — DENISE exit her house she see Vince Jr. , smile and wave . Vince Jr. quickly shut he eye , pretend not to have see . but once she walk away , he open he eye again and stare after she . 26 31 . int . bathroom Vince smoke , blow it out the window . he read a book : '' a actor prepare . '' but he eye wander . 32 . j.§ int . rizzo house Joyce and vivian read the New York Post . Joyce be clipping coupon . Vince come down the stair . pause and look at he wife and daughter . joyce ( to vivian ) c'mon , let 's get movin’ before the crowd show up . Vince and Joyce look at each other . vince I be think — bein 's Friday night and vivian 's here , why do not we have a nice big home - cook meal tonight ? joyce ( shrug ) yeah , sure , you mean like we do every Friday night ? vince yeah but I mean.. somethin’ special . like it be for a real special occasion . Joyce and vivian stare at he , puzzle . joyce you want balloon or somethin’ ? vince I be just say , something nice ! joyce since when do not I make somethin’ nice ?! vince make somethin’ nicer ! joyce make it yourself ! Vince and Joyce stare at each other , fill with frustration . Vince turn and storm out . 27 joyce the great communicator . forget it . 33 . ext . rizzo house Vince step over Vince Jr. who be still lie on the porch . as he get into the dodge rambler — vince you sleep outside last night ? vince JR . actually I stay at the Plaza Hotel and do heroin with a bunch of prostitute . I be think of become a pimp . Vince nod . start up the car . have not hear he . vince ( drive off ) good . see you later . 34 . int . jersey correctional pan the face of the prisoner as they grunt after they name be call . vince nadler ! nakovny ! nardella ! after this last grunt , a slight pause . Vince look at tony nardella . tony nardella look back . a beat . Vince move on . tony 's eye : why do the prison guard keep stare at he ? 35 . int . visitors station tony nardella stand there , puzzle . Vince approach the glass wall that separate they . into the microphone -- vince hi , I be Vince rizzo . correctional Officer 426 . I see where you make provisional parole but do not have no family to be release to . tony yeah . that 's life . vince yeah . you mother name nan ? 28 tony yeah . vince Bout five foot two , redhead ? tony yeah . vince ( pause , then ) how 's she doin 's ? tony not so good . dead. ( and then ) four year ago . beat . Vince 's face : a flicker of emotion at the news . vince sorry to hear that . tony you know she ? vince uh , yeah . yeah , I know she . pause . tony nardella be not give to verbosity . beat . Vince tony 's face : Music take tony so. anything else ? be not how to deliver this . finally — vince ( look away ) I speak to warden amboy . and uh ... ( pause , then ) you be bein’ release to I . you 'il be under my personal care for the next thirty day . I live in the bronx . this sound fishy , to say the least . we through — 36 . ext . prison parking lot Vince escort tony , still wear handcuffs but now in he street clothes — jeans , boot , leather jacket . in he eye : a look of suspicion . 29 37 . int . dodge rambler Vince drive . tony stare ahead , freeze in fear . we see that he handcuffs be still on and chain to the door of the car . tony stare straight ahead , miserable and afraid . 38 . ext . CITY island avenue the dodge rambler drive down the main drag and turn onto the rizzo 's block . 39 . int . dodge rambler as Vince drive down he block — vince we get this little house in the back . really a boatsh . you can stay there . ( muse ) in fact , I be think we can do a little deal with each other — you know , I do you a favor , you do I a favor . tony 's eye : not good ! 40 . ext . rizzo house Vince Jr. smoke a cigarette . see the rambler . stub it out and run into the house — 41 . bathroom up the stair and into the bathroom where he speed - brushes he tooth . he reach inside a closet for a towel . Vince 's act book fall from its hide place . Vince Jr. stare at it . open it and see the mugshot of tony . Vince Jr. look puzzle . 42 . int . rambler Vince pull up to he house and park . stop and look at he son . tony ( uncomfortably ) what ? vince ( pause , then ) nothin’ . Vince smile goofily . he 's with he long lose son ! 30 tony can I ask you .. like .. why I be chain to a dodge ? vince I 'il unchain you in minute . soon as you calm down . first I wanna tell you something . ( breathes , then ) see tony , this be my home . my home which my grandparent build and which I share with my family . tony you get they chain up in the house too ? vince ( ignore this ) you be gonna get real food and a nice place to live for the first time in three year . tony and all of this be because you know my bitch mother ? vince well nan be difficult , but she be also - tony a drunk and a whore ? vince no ! why would you say that ? tony she use to punish I for not boost case of vodka from the liquor store where I work by screwing my friend . which base do '' drunk and whore '' not cover ? vince ( gingerly ) do not you have any nice memory of she ? tony ( sullenly ) at least she be around . my father leave before I be bear . 3 pause . then -- vince that all you know about he ? tony he 's dead . Vince 's eye say : so that 's what she tell he . vince that 's too bad . tony only thing that 's too bad be I do not get to visit he deathb and dance on he ugly face for leave I with that bitch . Vince 's face : take in they father / son vibe . 43 . ext . rizzo house Vince get out . unchain tony but then rechain he to he own wrist . tony do I ever get uncuffed ? vince in a minute . I do not want you run away or anything before you see what a nice set - up I be offerin’ you . tony run away . gee . why would I do that ? they walk , chain in chain , down the side of the house ... vince JR . watch from a upstairs window . what he see be : he father chain to a young , tough - look guy walk he to the back of they house . he stare at the two of the they . 44 . ext . garage a little one - car shed in the back of the house . Vince haul the door open . 45 . int . garage 32 a concrete floor , a cot and expose plumbing . tony take this in . vince I start building it a couple of summer ago but get busy with other thing . so this be where we little deal come in . ( pause ) you be gonna help I build a bathroom . tony scuse I ? vince my wife 's be want I to add a bathroom and I see on you sheet that you last job be as a handyman . so that 's the deal . thirty day back here , build I a bathroom , I will pay you a fair wage and then you get to go wherever the hell you want with a few buck in you pocket . see that Vince be for real . tony how be I suppose to build a bathroom with handcuffs on I ? vince sorry . ( as he unlock they ) just do not go run away . if you do I nil find you and personally toss you ass back in the cage . and they will not be kiddin’ — you 's 1ll be back in for a long stretch . okay , tony ? tony ( pause , then ) whatever . vince say ' okay , Vince , I promise you that . 's tony ( by rote ) ' okay , Vince , I promise you that . 's vince ' and thank you for get my ass outta the cage . 's come on . Vince smile . this handcuffs . then he light one . the sound of a car Vince toke , stub smoke away . 33 tony ( reluctantly ) thanks for get my ass outta the cage . vince and no more talkin’ shit about you mother . maybe she be not perfect but she be .. she be ... tony a good lay ? make tony smile too . Vince unlock the pull out a pack of cigarettes and approaching . panic in Vince 's eye . vince shit . my wife . tony be that what you call she ? ' shit , my wife ? 's the butt out on the floor and wave the vince I do not smoke . tony I can tell . vince and do not tell she where we meet . just say we be old friend . tony we on a bowl team together ? vince and my daughter 's home from college so .. you know .. take it easy . tony ( honestly puzzle ) take it easy ? vince and do not mention that I know you mom . tony eye : what a piece of work . 34 46 . int . rizzo house Joyce and vivian enter , arm full of '' bloomie 's '' package . joyce anybody home ? Vince Jr. appear at the top of the stair . vince JR . I be here . so 's dad . he 's in the garage with some dude . they be handcuff to each other and have be back there for quite some time . Joyce 's face : turn color . 47 . ext . back of rizzo house tony sit in the garage , the door open . he 's listen to a major argument be play out a few foot away . none of it be go as plan . vince and joyce be in the kitchen but the backdoor be open . we see they come and go as the raging argument continue . joyce you bring some filthy biker into my home without even so much as ask I — vince he happen to be a nice young man and he 's work for he board . joyce where would you meet this guy anyway ? vince he be get 's outta jail in a month , so I tell they I have take responsibility ! joyce he 's a criminal ? what , Vince , you just pick a con at random to bring into my house ? vince I know he mother ! and since when be it you house ? my grandparent build this house ! 35 joyce what do you mean you know he mother ? when ? who be she ? 48 . int . garage tony sit , listen glumly . the match hit the floor . he stare at they . on the cover : hell 's half acre . a caricature of a curvaceous woman in red . he stare at it curiously . vince ( 0.s . ) Jesus , you think I never meet another woman on the face the earth aside a you ? she be just a.. a old friend ! as the argument go on , tony look up and see Vince Jr. in the window . joyce ( o.s . ) the answer be no , Vince ! no , no , no . I be not cooking for a extra person . he can not stay here . and if you do not like it - Vince Jr. stare gravely at tony . then he give he a thumb up . smile at he . tony give he a thumb up and smile back . 49 . int . rizzo dine room table daylight ( 6 pm ) they eat in uncomfortable silence . tony gobbles up the home - cook food . vince JR . guess this be better than the crap they serve you in jail , huh ? Vince hit Vince Jr. on the arm . vince hey ! vince JR . ( recoil in fake pain ) ow , my peptic ulcer ! vivian shut -up vin. vince jr. ( mimic she ) '' shut up vin '' . '' you shut up vivian '' . '' no way ! " '' Way ! '' 36 joyce shhhh ! ( pause , then ) Vince say he be friend with you mom . tony ( mouth full ) oh yeah . Long time ago , I guess . joyce I guess so . I never hear about it . vince it be before we meet , sweetie . joyce Vince say she 's a nice woman . ( and then , pointedly ) good look I bet . tony shrug . nervous eye contact between Joyce , vivian , Vince and Vince Jr. vivian whacks Vince tony 's eye go wide . vince ( a statement ) what . joyce what what ? vince JR . Mom , dad 's right . why do not you just come right out and ask he if he have sex with she ? vivian Jesus ! Jr. in the head . vince jr. ( recoil in fake pain ) aggh - my brain tumor ! what the hell kind of family be this ? joyce vinnie , you apologize to I ! vince actually , sweetie , he have a point . I mean , that 's what you be get at , right ? you be circle the airport a little but — 37 joyce I do not care if you have sex with she or not . why be you two gang up on I ? Vince Jr. , pleased with himself for have jumpstart the argument , watch it like a tennis match . vince honey , please , after twenty year I know where you be head before even you do . joyce well that must be real boring for you , Vince . really . who know I be fail to keep you entertained all this year ? vivian oh Mom , he do not mean it like — joyce now you be on he side too , huh ? vivian why do it have to be about '' side '' ? I be just say that dad say thing in a stupid way and -- vince I be stupid , huh ? listen , maybe you talk to you college friend like that -- joyce good , Vince , blame she for get a real education — vivian stop !!! everyone look at they plate , privately wounded . tony watch the family as they recede into they own thought . he continue shoveling food down . Long pause . then — vince JR . I be sorry , vivian . vivian thank you . 38 vince JR . can I ask you a question ? vivian what ? vince JR . ( pause , then ) be you breast continue to grow ? because , to my eye , they be much larger now than they use to be . chaos . everyone scream at once . tony can not believe what he 's see . vince ( boil over ) how dare you speak to she like that ! joyce upstair ! go to you room ! vince JR . '' go to you room ? '' pretty lame , mom ! vince do not you sass you mother ! go to you room right now ! Vince Jr. look thrilled . he bolt up the stair sing — vince JR . Internet - ay ! libertay , egalitay , internet - ay ! pause . temporary calm . tony continue to eat , not make eye contact but checking out everyone surreptitiously . his eye travel to vivian 's chest . then to Vince . Vince be also look at he daughter 's chest . now Joyce see it . tony and Joyce both stare at Vince stare at vivian 's chest . finally vivian see what 's go on . vivian what ? joyce Vince ! vince well , he have a point . you seem a little larger in that area than -- vivian ( mortify ) Jesus , dad ! 39 vivian get up , grab she bag and march out of the house . the door slam . vince hey ! where you goin 's ? joyce goddamit , Vince ! that girl spend eighteen hour a day she head in the book and she finally get a little time off to spend with she family and you gotta screw it up ? vince I do not do nothing ! ( get up , throw napkin down ) oh , the hell with it . Hell with everyone ! Vince storm upstairs . now it 's just tony and Joyce . she look away , try to keep herself from emotionally explode . a beat . tony uh..dinner be great . Joyce nod , look away . she 's cry . 50 . int . dodge rambler drive daylight Vince cruise the Cross - bronx Expressway . he dial he cell . 51 . * int . west bank cafe manhattan same Molly charlesworth be in serious dish mode . she 's with a handsome man , drink manhattan . molly then my brother have a affair with my stepfather who meet my mother in re-hab — - this be pre-liz & fortensky and I be send away to board school in Switzerland and — ( she cell ring - she answer ) hello ? ( pause , she smile ) well hello Vincent . 52 . int . dodge rambler 40 vince I be callin’ you on a whim . I be think maybe we could work on we secret thing . you know ? tell you the truth ... ( pause , then ) I be a little stick . with what to do with my son and everything ... 53 . int . west bank cafe molly ( into phone ) my brother ? overdose on heroin in the mens room of the diner on forty - second and tenth ? hold he hand and tell he I be on my way ! i’1l be there in ten minute , Vincent ! ( to she date ) I be sorry , you understand , we will re-sk when I be avail . and she 's off , leave a bewilder date in she wake . 54 . int . dodge rambler drive vince ( confuse ) scuse I ? but the phone be dead . Vince 's face : a slow smile as he realize that she just dumped a guy to meet he . 55 . int . hell half acre daylight the strip - club where vivian work . she storm in , pull hair out of its bun . bruno the bartender smile at she . the place be pack with a drunken , boorish Saturday night crowd . bruno spring break over ? vivian do I a favor ? ask Autumn if she want to go home early tonight and aplit she shift with I . bruno highly unlikely . asian invasion be out in force . he nod with he head . vivian look . a table of a dozen asian businessman be tipping Autumn with hundred dollar bill . she 's lapdance three , simultaneously . 41 vivian ( bitterly ) shit ! I coulda clean up this weekend . he pour she a drink . she light a cigarette and do the drink in one big gulp . 56 . ext . rizzo house backyard still daylight Joyce exit from the kitchen and sit on a lounge chair . she have a pack of cigarettes and a glass of wine in she hand . she sit and look up as she see — tony be sit across the yard in the fold out chair . he see she . nod a greeting . joyce nod back . light a cigarette . joyce ( across yard ) my husband think I quit . tony 's face : a private smile at he realization that Vince and Joyce be equally guilty . tony ( yell across yard ) one good thing about the joint — they do not let you smoke anymore . I quit . joyce bein 's in prison and not bein 's able to smoke ? that must be like .. bein 's in jail . a odd pause as tony consider this . 57 . int . vince JR . 's room Vince Jr. be on -line . the site be : real centerfold ! lot of picture of blonde , bronze , California model . his eye : not interested . and worried too . then — Vince Jr. type in '' denisebbw.com '' and wait . a moment later , there 's the fat neighbor ! he stare , both fascinate and ashamed . DENISE ( on internet ) hi! I be denise and I be a proud bbw . that 's '' big beautiful woman '' for that of you new to this . I be five-eight , three - hundred and fifty pound and I think eat and be a big beautiful woman be the sexiest thing in the world ! if you join my club , you will get twenty - 42 four hour access to a live image of my kitchen , where I spend most of my time when I be not work . as she continue , Vince Jr. grab a credit card belong to vincent rizzo that he keep display quite openly on he desk and enter the number . Hit join now . he wait . energize ! digging it ! 58 . int . diner west 42 " ? Street . night Vince and Molly , drink coffee , eat french fries . a copy of backstage be on the table . vince he 's a good guy , you can tell . must have have a hell of a time with nan . be not like I be any help . ( pause , then ) only thing be he still do not know .. who I be . molly you must tell he , Vincent . think of the drama of the moment . on the other hand , think of the drama of not tell he . wait ! do not think of anything , for godssake ! ( she close she eye — and then ) no . you must tell he . the longer he do not know you true identity , the great the sense of betrayal . he 's be betrayed enough . vince ( guiltily ) all start with I walkin’ out on he . molly no , do not succumb to self - flagellation . I mean I understand it — it 's wonderfully Catholic , but you be beyond it . you have open up you home to a convict felon . you have even show he great trust by leave he alone with you family . vince ( dawn ) Jesus . 43 molly because he 's you blood and if you can not trust you blood , what the hell can you trust ? now you must take the final step and reveal he birthright to he . she inhale , satisfied that the decision be correct . smile at Vince . a beat . he smile back at she . one of that share smile that could go just about anywhere . Vince lower he eye first . they fall on she copy of ' backstage 's , sit on the table between they . vince what 's that ? molly ugh . it 's a addiction . '' backstage '' -- the Wall Street Journal for struggle actor . you peruse it for news on open call for part you will not get in project that be never make . for instance : ( as she open it and read ) open call : male , age 30 - 50 , work - class type , no agency rep . require . Monday , 9 be , Canal Street armory . ( pause , thoughtfully ) hm . that one might be good for you . vince what happen — how 's it work ? molly you have never audition ? oh Vincent , it 's dreadful . you go and wait in a room crowded with people who look vaguely familiar . they march you in . they stare at you . they hate you . you sing and dance and show off all of the talent that once thrilled you mother and father . they make face . sometimes they ask a question — very rarely . you be dismiss . you leave feel like a failure . vince sound ...scary . 44 molly have say that .. you really should go on this one . it sound perfect for you . she tear out the ad . give it to Vince who read it . intrigue . 59 . ext . rizzo porch night tony and Joyce drink wine , stare at the water and the view of the city . joyce you must think we be a bunch of — tony no , no , not at all . joyce I mean , we do not always act like a bunch of - — tony no , forget it i.. I understand . Long pause . then , with radical simplicity — tony families be tough . Joyce look at tony . appreciate he calm stoicism . 60 . int . vince JR .’s room Vince Jr. be stare at the site . a spin umbrella . then he hear -- DENISE ( on internet ) welcome , my new fat-friendly fan ! Vince Jr. look at he computer , excited . DENISE ( on internet ) you be now a official member of my club . if you see I at a bbw function in the New York area where I live , you can tell I you be a special member by say we secret word : botero . vince jr. ( to himself ) botero . a moment later , a image of a kitchen appear . 45 live kitchen image denise move around the kitchen , juggling baking pan , cookie sheet etc . Vince Jr. get up . back away from the computer , keep he eye on the screen , as if it might vanish . he leave the room — 61 . int . rizzo live room -- and descend the stair . look . nobody around . he leave . 62 . ext . rizzo house night Vince Jr. exit , hop off the porch and approach denise 's house . the window be set rather high up . Vince Jr. get on a concrete block and peer into — a kitchen window there she be , just like on the computer , juggling baking pan , cookie sheet . Vince Jr. stare in fascination . 63 . ext. 59 ° STREET tramway night the tram that take you , high above Manhattan , across to Roosevelt Island . as the tram rise into the air .. «we see that it be indeed a starry , starry night . 64 . int . roosevelt island tram night Molly and Vince be the only two on the tram . Vince look out , a little mystify at where he be and how he get here . as she stare out at the star — molly the answer be all there . do not worry , Vincent . for some reason , you be very close to God right now . I do not know why .. but you can feel it in the star . ( dawn ) of course ! mercury 's in retrograde . vince mercury 's a what ? 46 molly mercury — the wing -foote messenger . represent communication and the process of life . retrograde : travel backwards . it happen three or four time a year — and since all backward movement symbol - ize a return to source , we atten - tion turn towards unfinish business . it can be a fine time for complete thing . re-connect . settle account . ( and then ) letting the star do they plentiful work . Vince look at she . something about she way ... vince be it kinda strange that what you say make sense to I ? molly ( shake head no — then ) yes . but everything 's strange , Vincent . when you think of it , act be one of the strangest thing a person could choose to do with themselves . pretend to be another person — who be dream up by a third party ! it 's like agree to be a marionette . Vince turn this around in he mind . vince why you a actress then ? molly oh really . what else could I do ? what other profession would accommodate my behavioral problem ? vince ( smile ) yeah . sort of like get pay for be a screw -up . molly perfect . they both look off at the view . 65 . ext . rizzo backyard night Joyce and tony . 47 joyce ( resign ) I feel like I spend my whole life try to please everyone , and all it do be make ‘em mad . my son -- Jesus what a pill he 's becomin 's ! and vivian . twenty year of work for that law firm so I could put away enough for she to go to law school after she graduate . you would think she have at least talk to I about it . I ask she about she class and she just shrug . '' whatever ... '' and Vince and he ' poker game 's . do he think I buy that crap ? tony ( a little shrug ) I grow up with a mother and no father . and my mother hate my father so much for leave that she take it out on I cause I remind she of he . Joyce light another cigarette . stare off into the yard and blow smoke . joyce he start that room three year ago . buy enough wood and junk to build a forest . that be gonna be he new career — - building stuff . he be all gung - ho and then .. pffffttt . ( shrug ) he get discourage when thing take too long . like more than a hour . tony clutches himself against the cool air . Joyce see this . joyce upstair in my son 's room ? there 's a bunch of sweater . first door on the leave . he nod and get up ... 66 . int . rizzo house upstair landing tony bound up the stair and enter 67 . vince jr. 's room nobody 's home . the light be out . only the glow of the computer be on . tony stare at the screen . 48 DENISE ( on internet ) welcome , my new fat-friendly fan ! you be now a official member of my club . if you see I at a bbw function in the New York area where I live , you can tell I you be a special member by say we secret word : botero . tony scowl at the computer . tony ( to himself ) botero . 68 . ext . DENISE 's kitchen window Vince Jr. watch denise . vince jr. ( under ) botero ... then -- the concrete block he 's on sway backwards . suddenly --it give Vince Jr. fall backwards into a fence . Big noise . DENISE look up , frighten . DENISE hey ! hello ! who 's out there ? Vince Jr. scramble to he foot , hop over a hedge and run into he house . 69 . ext . roosevelt island night Molly and Vince sit on a bench look at the glorious Manhattan view . vince so . you be thinkin’ anymore about you '' worst secret ? '' molly I think about it all the time . vince you probably get so many interesting secret — he let it hang . 49 molly scad — vince -- it 's hard to tell which one 's the best . ( pause , then ) I gonna get to hear it ? I do not mean to press you or nothin’ , but we get class comin’ up in a few day and ... molly where do you live , Vincent ? vince the bronx . molly no thonx . vince huh ? molly nothing . Ogden nash . skip it . for all I know , the bronx be lovely . vince well , my part of it be . srcall City Island . Old fishing village . molly really ? ( this appeal to she ) City .. Island . on the one hand a paradox — a peaceful island locate within the world 's busy city . further , the word stand in stark relief from each other — " city '' , so short and abrupt and definite and '' island '' — exotic , unknowable and with the silent '' 's '' . vince I never really think about it that way . it 's a great spot , though — my grandparent build the house and pass it down . once you live there you can not really think of move anywhere else . molly every busy city need a island of peace . like every busy soul need a 50 place of repose . a place where we hide from we own frantic storey while they .. madly , insanely , obsessively pursue we . pause . this last be say with a vigor that denote to Vince another side of Molly , another angle . he look at she , unafraid and unbashful . Molly look he right in the eye . then , she open she purse and pull out a envelope . she hand it to Vince . molly there it be , Vincent . my secret . he begin to open the envelope . but she stop he . molly no . not yet . I need it to stay mine for just a little longer . once you know it , it 's no longer truly a secret . ( mysteriously ) there 'il be a moment when it 's obvious . carry it with you . the moment could come at anytime . Molly and Vince smile at each other . a beat . as they look out at the glitter view of Manhattan — molly oh , Vincent . what a wonderful time to have not disappear . montage — sunday at the rizzo 's 70 . ext . rizzo house day a plume of smoke emanate from the upstairs window . we hear Vince cough . 71 . vince jr. 's room he 's asleep with he head on he desk , he computer still on denise 's website . 72 . kitchen vivian come crash in , obviously hungover . she open the fridge , grab a bottle of Coke , and chug it . go outside . 73 . backyard vivian pass the garage , pause as she see — 51 tony already awake , do push -up on the cement floor of the garage room . he do not notice she . she glare at he , mistrust in she eye . she walk away . tony keep do pushup . 74 . a tiny area on the side of the garage hide from view . vivian light a cigarette and stand there , smoking and swigging she Coke . a small window into the garage be open , behind she . vivian throw a empty pack of match through the open window behind she . 75 . j. int . garage tony 's do push -up as the match hit the floor . on the cover : hell 's half acre . a caricature of a curvaceous woman in red . he stare at it curiously , as he continue he exercise . 76 . % ext . rizzo backyard later Vince and tony examine the little room , drink coffee . vince then I figure we run the pipe through she and tap into the main line . ( a little labor ) feel good building something . do not it ? tony nod but look off . he see — joyce make coffee in the kitchen . she meet he eye . tony smile at she . they each look away , bashfully . 77 . . int . backyard later Vince and tony carry bag of cement from the rear of the garage to the front . tony have he shirt off . a large tattoo of a cobra be on he back . vince you know , my grandfather build this house . Way back . before I be bear . ( pause , then ) come here from the old country and become a fish scaler . 52 tony oh yeah ? vince yeah . him and he brother . couple of real mussel sucker . tony ( puzzle ) how 's that ? vince well , here on City Island , if you come from somewhere else you be know as a ' muscle-sucker . 's but if you be bear and raise here you be a ' clam-digger . 's Old City Island custom . tony stare at Vince like : who be this guy ? tony huh . as tony grab another bag , we see the expression on Vince 's face : he and tony be not connect . 78 . int . garage later Vince light up , blow the smoke through the tiny window . he notice tony stare at the poster of '' the godfather . '' vince if I could come back as some - body different , it have be he . tony ( warily ) Don corleone ? vince no. brando . ( and then ) always kinda think be a actor be something I could do . fact , I be takin’ this act class in the city . I guess it 's kind of stupid - I be not even tell my wife . she think I gotta poker game . tony 's eye : remember Joyce 's accusation of the night before . tony and all you really get goin 's be a act class ? 53 vince shh . do not tell no -one . he offer a cigarette to tony , who refuse it . pause . Vince 's eye : Vince be interested tony I quit inside . vince yeah , they get that rule now . must suck . tony plenty other thing that be worse . guilty at what he know must go on . vince we try to keep a eye on thing . it 's hard — so many guy , so many group and gang . but we see somethin’ goin 's on that we do not like , believe you I -- tony ( a little icy ) I take care of myself . vince oh yeah ? tony ( shrug ) I figure as soon as I get to southcourt I have to act more psycho than everyone else . I mean , I be young so I have to watch myself . in this . he peer at tony . vince what have you do ? tony I go right up to the ugliest guy I could find and say : '' I think I be piss off with you but I do not know why . do I get a reason ? '' vince ( smile ) no shit ? tony yeah . I be like : gimme you top ten reason you be a piece of shit and I 'il let you know when somethin’ ring a 54 bell . just do not lie to I and do not figure I for one of you sissy - boy who be gonna put out for you , you sadly deform excuse for humanity pose as a piece of prison garbage . ( pause , he shrug ) it work . they think I be psycho . I be just .. act . tony turn away . keeps work . but Vince look at tony . admiration in he eye . and yearn to connect to he . 79 . j. int . rizzo house tony wander over to the live room where he see vivian she look up from she book . tony think it 's lunchtime . vivian ( a odd grunt ) nhhff . she bury she head in she book . tony stare at she for a beat . then he leave . 80 . dine room brunch time . Vince , Vince Jr. vivian and tony sit as Joyce serve up bacon , pancake etc . joyce what time you get in , Vince ? vince I dunno . Midnight . joyce win any money ? play poker ? she make '' quote '' sign as she say poker . Vince drop he fork and stare at she . vivian okay . that be extremely provocative , mom ! 55 vince ( make quote sign ) what do this mean , huh ? as the argument continue -- tony's face he know the truth of Vince 's whereabouts . 81 . ext . rizzo backyard tony shovel dirt from one pile to another . he go to the -- tiny area on the side of the garage where he find Vince sit on a brick , smoking and read the '' OPEN call '' ad . he blanch when he see tony , stubbing he cigarette out . tony relax . just I . ( be : the ad ) what 's that ? vince well , between you and I , okay ? ( tony nod ) I get this friend who cut this out for I . it 's a open call for some movie -- tomorrow morning . but ... ( pause , smoke ) '' I do not think I be gonna do it . tony why not ? be not that what you wanna do ? try act ? vince yeah , but I be no actor . not for real . anyway , too much trouble . I gotta get the day off from work — tell ‘em some story . and for what ? it will never amount to nothin’ . tony 's face : not get Vince 's lassitude . tony you should do it . he walk away . Vince stare at the ad . 82 . ext . rizzo house front porch later Vince Jr. lie on the porch , eat sunflower seed 56 and spitting the shell onto the lawn . but he 's look at the house next door . he pull a cigarette out of he pocket and think about lighting it when — Vince exit , the ad and he cellphone in he hand . Vince stashes he ad . Vince Jr. hide he cigarette . no privacy here . they regard each other with mutual frustration . vince jr. ( agitate ) what be you do ? vince take a walk . vince JR . I have join you , dad , but I be wait for a crack delivery from a group of black friend I have develop a close relationship to in school . some might call it ... ( make '' quote '' sign ) '' a business relationship '' . vince ( do not hear he ) good . see you in awhile , son . he walk away , head down the street . Vince Jr. look relieved at he be go and pull out he cigarette . 83 . int . kitchen Joyce look out the window . see Vince walk away . she grab she cigarettes from a drawer , step outside and light one . tony be haul away a pile of old lumber . hot out . his shirt 's off . Joyce stare at he muscular back . in she eye : she 's check he out . as tony turn and head back to the house , the lumber in he arm - — - he stop . see Joyce . they look at each other . something about this look ... tony ( nod ) hey . joyce hey yourself . she hold he eye . then turn and go back into the house . she be twenty year young in attitude . tony 57 watch she . then — he drop the lumber . 84 . int . kitchen Joyce enter , stop . smile to herself . she do not see vivian stare at she . joyce oh yeah . vivian oh yeah , what ? vivian be stare at she mother , break she reverie . joyce oh , relax . Joyce walk away , blow she daughter off . 85 . ext . rizzo back yard tony be bend down to pick up the lumber he drop . tony 's Pov through he knee he see denise , the fat neighbor , exite she back door . tony look , head upside down , as she waddle through she garden . tony get up . stare at she . mind work . he pick up the lumber and walk to the front of the house . 86 . ext . rizzo house front porch Vince Jr. be about to light he cigarette when tony appear he place the lumber next to the trash . look at Vince Jr. a beat . then tony say , with a nod to denise 's house : tony botero ? pause . Vince Jr. look afraid , like he 's be find out . but if tony know the secret code then it must be okay . so -- 58 vince jr. ( nod ) botero . a door slam . they both look over as -- DENISE exit her house head for she car . she see vinnie Jr. and smile . Vince Jr. stare at she , terrify . she look puzzle and walk away . Vince Jr. look to tony , fear in he eye . tony ( urging he on , in a whisper ) botero ! should he ? should not he ? can he ? will he ? as she 's about to disappear from view — vince jr. ( shout ) botero ! denise stop . turn . they look at each other . she smile at he . DENISE I be make triple braised baby back rib and deep fry potato au gratin ! ( and then ) want to go shopping with I ? Vince Jr. get to he foot . stare at she . tony stare at he . finally : Vince Jr. smile as he walk over to denise . tony watch , quietly pleased at he part in this little exchange . 87 . ext . CITY island MAIN STREET Vince on the cell phone , the crumpled '' open call '' ad from backstage in he hand , a cigarette in he mouth . vince yeah it 's Vince rizzo , correctional officer 426 . I be sick and need to take tomorrow off . Matt cruniff will cover my desk . all right ? ( then ) .. and do not call my house for nothin’ . he hang up . as he walk away he see — vince JR . and DENISE walk into the a&p together like a old marry couple . Vince 's eye : he son and the fat neighbor be friend ? 59 88 . int . the a&p market Vince Jr. push the basket as denise fill it up with carton of fatten food . Vince Jr. stop as he see — cheryl the chubby girl from High School , stand by the diet food section . Vince Jr. smile at she . vince JR . hey Cheryl . she turn . his face : preen in a strange way . Cheryl turn and see Vince Jr. with the super-size denise . cheryl vinnie ? Cheryl 's face : despite herself , she be jealous ! 89 . ext . canal STREET morning Vince check the address of the ad . walk and look down the block . head for a building . see a line wait to get in . he go to the Security man who wait at the head . security man follow the line . Vince nod . look at the guy on the line . they all look a little like he . Middle - age work class type , age 30 - 50 . he walk down the line expect it to end . guy after guy all read script , copy of backstage , variety , some talk on cell phone , some listen to radio headsets . he get to the corner and see : the line extend and wind around the block * Vince keep walk , a little perplex . he stop , surprised to see michael malakov his teacher , stand on the line , glass perch on the end of he nose , read the New York Post . Vince almost say hi . but something about the situation be too strange , too poignant . Vince continue on he way , unseen by malakov . 60 finally he reach the end of the line . he ask the last middle - age work class guy : vince hey uh.. you know anything about this movie here ? the guy turn to Vince . with grave simplicity : working -class guy scorsese and De niro . 90 . int . rizzo house bedroom Joyce be put on sweat and a big T-shirt . she open she secret drawer and spy she cigarettes . smile . go to the window . and see : from the window tony . the garage door open . he 's haul more lumber and trash out . his clothes : jeans . period . bare foot and bare chest . Joyce look at he . then she take off she sweat . she stand alone , in the darkness of she bedroom in she underwear . 91 . ext . canal STREET huge . Vince be no longer at the back . but he have mile to go . he stand , out of place , not read trade , not talk on the phone , not know anyone . 92 . ext . garage rizzo house tony be haul the last of the garbage out . he see Joyce approach . tony almost do with the trash . what 's next ? joyce I do not know . Vince tell you what he want in here ? tony toilet . wall . shower stall . floor . he be not specific . but —we could go to a.. you know .. bathroom place and pick some stuff out . maybe . if you feel like it . 61 93 . int . rizzo house vivian be bum around upstairs . she go to a window and see — vivian' Pov tony and Joyce talk . there body language be sizzling . vivian 's face : watch the encounter with horror . 94 . ext . garage tony and Joyce . joyce I get no plan . take today off . you know ... ( make quote sign ) «family time '' . tony yeah , well , maybe we should ask Vince if he have any .. preference . joyce preference ? for what ? tony you know . toilet and stuff . the word '' toilet '' make he laugh . she laugh with he , not know why . joyce that 's funny . why 's that funny ? tony Cause it ’s.. you know . ' toilet . 's exaggerating the word . they laugh . look at each other . joyce yeah . toilet . ( pause , then ) I better call my husband . she go inside . tony watch she go . tony ( to himself ) no. no. no way . 62 95 . int . rizzo kitchen as Joyce dial -- joyce ( to herself ) no , no way . nope . 96 . int . upstair of rizzo house vivian stare out the window , shell - shocked . vivian no , never , not , nor , nhnffffff - -- she clutches herself , shut she eye and shudder with anger and frustration . it 's almost like a seizure . when she stop , she have another look on she eye . it say : I be outta here . 97 . int . kitchen Joyce dial the phone . joyce ( into phone ) Officer rizzo , please . as she wait we hear vivian slam the door . Joyce look puzzle . joyce vivian ? hello ? no response . then , back into the phone — joyce yeah , I be hold for my husband , Vince rizzo . ( pause , then ) he call in sick ? no , no message . she hang up . a puzzle look on she face . then she dial -- 98 . ext . canal STREET Vince stand on line . his cell ring . he answer it . vince hello ? hi , sweetie . uh ... ( look around ) I be at work . yeah , well I be out in the yard . 99 . int . rizzo kitchen Joyce 's face : crunching up with anger , with sadness , at another of Vince 's lie . joyce oh. okay . no , I just be wonder if you have any preference about toilet . 100 . ext . canal STREET Vince 's eye narrow . vince toilet ? uh , take tony with you —he can probably help . 101 . int . rizzo kitchen Joyce look out the window at the bare - chest tony . he stop what he 's do at look back at she . joyce yeah . good idea . I will take tony . over Joyce 's face , one last sub-title : you be goddam right he can probably help . 102 . ext . saw mill river parkway Joyce and tony drive in she car . 103 . int . car Joyce drive . tony stare out at the pass scenery . pause . tony see something on the floor . it 's — a pair of handcuff Joyce see he look at they . joyce ug , Vince . know how cop never leave the house without they gun ? my husband swear that every car need a good pair of handcuffs . like he 's Joe justice ! tony ( look out window ) what 's that ? 64 joyce orchard Beach . ever see it ? 104 . ext . orchard beach parking lot the jeep pull off into a vast parking lot . 105 . ext . DENISE 's house day Vince Jr. knock on the door . his bear be more confident , less tentative . denise open the door . DENISE ( nod , smile ) I be make a triple chocolate death cake - - it 's a brownie base layer in white chocolate , milk chocolate and dark chocolate fudge sauce , cover in whipped cream . come in ! 106 . int . jeep tony and Joyce in the car , which be park . each stare straight ahead . joyce tony ? you do anything else ? besides — tony boost a car ? just some kid stuff . held up a gas station . robbed a pharmacy . couple of jewelry store . ( he look at she ) you afraid of I ? Long pause . then — joyce oh yes ... they plunge into each other , face against face and start make out . 107 . ext . canal STREET a clock on a neighbor wall read 3:30 . Vince look bored to tear . but he 's get closer . 108 . int . DENISE 's kitchen denise cooking up a storm . on the wall hang poster of the art of Fernando botero — delightful image of hugely voluptuous man and woman . 65 vince JR . I be think of kill myself . or cut off a vital sexual organ in defiance . anyway , I can not tell anyone else I know . DENISE oh , vinnie . all that poor kid stare at swimsuit calendar . they do not know it — but that 's as close as they be ever gonna get ! vinnie Jr. look at denise . a major weight be be lift off he adolescent shoulder . she smile at vinnie Jr. DENISE who be the girl in the market yesterday ? vince jr. ( embarrassed ) just someone from school . DENISE ( beat , then ) she 's a sweetie . invite she over . Vince Jr. 's face : what a party ... 109 . int . jeep in orchard beach parking lot tony and Joyce be hungrily kissing each other . she maneuver herself off the driver seat and onto he lap . Joyce 's face : it 's be a long time since passion overcame she . tony 's face : it 's be a long time period . tony jam the seat backwards . now it 's a bed . the make - out continue . 110 . ext . canal STREET armory Vince get closer . a casting assistant come out . casting assistant we 'il take the next ten inside and that 's it for the day . she start count . get to ten. number ten be Vince ! he can not believe it . 66 111 . int . casting office Vince and the other ten guy sit . they be read side — - page of the scene . Vince struggle to make sense of it . look around at the other , who seem awfully casual about this . the caste Assistant appear . casting assistant Vince rizzo ? he drop he page in shock . scramble to pick they up . collect himself . as he walk in — casting assistant relax . be yourself . 112 . int . casting office a large , windowless room . a casting director sit behind a table at one end . at the other end of the room , a single chair be place in the center . a cam corder sit on a tripod next to the casting director , point at the chair . casting director have a seat . Vince freeze . casting assistant Sir . have a seat and slate yourself . Vince sit down , puzzle . vince uh..say again ? she turn the cam-corder on . casting assitant look into the camera and say you name . vince oh. Vincent rizzo , correctional officer 426 . 113 . int . jeep Joyce and tony neck passionately . he fondle she breast . as the make - out continue ... 67 114 . int . casting office the casting director be listen to Vince read . it 's not go well . his read be wooden . strangely , he be use marlon brando 's accent from '' the godfather '' . vince ( read from script ) '' so make no mistake , joey . from here on out , I be watch you . what you do . who you do ? be it ..no . watch it cause frankie grinucci have eye in the back of he head . '' ( pause — puzzle ) my head . must mean in the back of my head . the caste Assistant 's eye be on the ceiling . casting assistant thank you , Mr. rizzo . vince ( look at she ) s'that it ? she nod . as Vince stand , though , the phone ring . casting director just a moment . she hold up a finger signal Vince to wait . listen to the voice on the other end of the phone . casting director absolutely..absolutely..absolutely ... ( and then ) I will try . she motion for Vince to come back . casting director be you a actor Mr. rizzo ? Vince look around . vince uh- not really . I be a correction officer . casting director a prison guard ? vince guess you could call it that . 68 casting director where do you work ? vince North Jersey State correctional . casting director that one of that .. country club prison ? Vince can not help but be slightly offended . perhaps this be what be intend ? vince I would not call it that , sir , not by a longshot . we get people in there who .. lemme put it this way : if you could see inside they mind and what they be think .. you would not be think of no golf game . casting director tell I more about what you do . what 's a typical day like ? vince typical ? well .. no such animal . some day it 's rote and tote - you know , roll call and work duty . nothin’ much happen . other day ... ( pause , then ) other day there 's trouble . gang get outta control . we gotta lockdown . the boy and girl have they little bitch spat just like in the real world only they jump some bone and try to make they mettle on the new recruit . Ugly stuff . sometimes guy come in and I say to myself '' two word for you : bye-bye . '' Cause I know they be not get out the same as they come in , if you know what I mean . casting director you know this scene we just read ? could you do it in you own word ? Vince think . shrug . what the hell . tony 's word . 69 vince my own word ? well , I do not read the whole script or nothin’ , but it seem like this joey Zambooli think he 's get the goods on the guy I play . frankie — ( consult script ) grinucci . which make this Zambooli the worst kind of creep . casting director why do you say that ? vince well , like for instance , where I work ? it 's all about power . and guy like Zambooli come at the new guy and try to intimidate they . and if you do not get in they face fast , they 's 1ll have you on all four suck the cement . ( pause , then ) pardon I . casting director so what 's the best way to deal with this guy ? vince well what I would do be make it very clear from the beginning that I be more psycho than they be . casting director explain that to I . vince well .. I have put my hand on this joey Zambooli 's shoulder and sorta from nowhere I have go : '' I think I be piss off with you but I do not know why . do I get a reason ? '' casting director look right into the camera , as if you be talk to Zambooli . Vince do as he 's tell . we see through the camcorder lens , vince giving the following performance . 70 vince yeah . I would say , '' hey , joey Zambooli , you think I get a reason to be piss off with you ? gimme you top ten reason you be a piece of shit and I will let you know when somethin’ ring a bell . just do not lie to I and do not figure I for one of you sissy - boy who be gonna put out for you . I get the eye in the front , the back and the side of my head and they all see twenty - twenty . comprende , you sadly deform excuse for humanity pose as a piece of prison garbage ? you mess with tony nard - — ( pause — he correct himself ) -- no . you mess with frankie grinucci , you lose . he stop , a little startle by what just come out of he . casting director okay . thank you . vince * yeah , you better thank I you piece of shit . you lie , two - bit punk - ass — the caste Assistant stop Vince . casting assistant Mr. rizzo . thank you . Vince look at the casting assistant , puzzle . she smile a plastic smile back . 115 . int . west bank cafe daylight the theater spot for actor , employ and unemployed . Vince and Molly sit at the bar . he drink a beer . she drink a martini , astound at the story he 's tell . molly you do a improv for Martin scorsese ? Vincent — that 's no everyday garden variety audition . you be .. why you be in the elite corps of auditioneer . vince yeah , it be pretty cool , all right . ( frown ) but it be bullshit . Vince 's cell ring . 71 molly what do you mean ? vince I make it sound like .. you know .. that 's the way I talk to the guy inside . ( pause , then ) that 's the way my son talk . tony . molly that 's even better . you co-opt another 's experience and filter it through you personality and out come a performance . that 's not bullshit , Vincent . that 's act . he look at it nervously . vince hello ? yeah , this be I . ( pause — he look confuse ) you want I to come back ? why , I forget something ? 116 . int . casting office the caste Assistant be alone in the big room , on the phone . 117 . int . west bank Vince on the phone . what 's happen . Molly be jump up casting assistant the producer would like to see you again with some of the other actor who have already be cast . this would be —- Wednesday at two . can you make it ? cafe daylight Molly 's eye be bug : she can tell vince the other actor 's 1l be there ? ( pause ) yeah . I gotta take off work but .. Wednesday should be fine ... and down in she seat , mouth the word : call back ? call back ? vince okay . sound good . i’1l be there . hey thank you . for everything there . and thank he for I too . yeah . he hang up . a strange pause . we 72 molly they call you back ? vince ( stunne ) I guess so . can see in Molly 's face that she be both excited and disappointed . Molly stand on the molly oh , Vincent . you first time out ... vince yeah , how ' bout that . ( pause ) what 's wrong ? molly ( pause , then ) it 's a old theatrical adage . everytime a friend succeed , a little something in I die . ( shaking it off ) no . it 's brilliant . it 's the way it have to be . we meet , to have coffee and tell secret and for I to show you the advertisement in backstage that launch you career . after all , if I be not make history , I at least want to be a part of it ! vince I be not exactly get the part yet . what if I screw up this call - back ? molly then you will probably get the job ! vince yeah . then I will probably get the job ! bar rail and yell to the other patron : molly hello everyone ! listen to I ! this be my friend Vincent rizzo and on he very first audition ever he get to improvise for Martin scorsese and they have already call he back to read with the other actor . ( and then ) and he 's a prison guard ! 73 the people at the bar all applaud . Way to go ! who say it can not happen ? 118 . ext . orchard beach parking lot daylight the Jeep have not move . 119 . int . jeep daylight tony and Joyce in the car . they be still kissing . he begin to unbutton he pants . she help he . but then she stop . look at he . as if to convince herself -- joyce s'okay , tony . I be not just like doin’ this for revenge ... tony no , look , I do not care . do not matter to I . she undoe he pants . the make - out continue . tony ( cont . ) only lemme ask you ... ( pause ) if he be not foolin’ around on you — joyce do not worry ' bout that . he 's make he decision . now I be make mine . she look down at he crotch . tony 's eye be wide with anticipation . but — tony okay , but what if .. what if he have not ? joyce have not what ? tony ( lose now ) make what you think he have make ? Joyce stare at he . now she 's a little piss . but she play coy . joyce ( a little hurt ) maybe you get another feelin’ ? tony what other feel ? joyce ( demure ) I do not know . like you do not like I ? 74 tony stare at Joyce . tony this be definitely not the case . he crash he mouth into hers . and the make out continue . 120 . int . DENISE 's house daylight denise , Vince Jr. and Cheryl eat a mountainous meal . cheryl my parent put I on a diet of seaweed and watermelon . I think I be gonna starve to death . ( and then , with self - loathing ) my sister 's be both runway model . I hate they . all they do be throw up and go shopping . why do I have to be beautiful too ? I hate beautiful people . DENISE you be beautiful honey ! we be all beautiful people . only we society have teach we that we be ugly if we be not a certain weight . they teach you to be a glutton for every kind of product they sell , then they open huge supermarket fill with food and tell you you not suppose to eat too much ! hello America ! where 's the beef ? ( pause ) I say , where 's the beef ? Vince Jr. snap too . grab the platter of spare rib . vince JR . um , sorry . here . as he serve the girl -- 121 . int . west bank cafe daylight Vince and Molly , have another round . they have have a few already and this , combine with the event of the day , be send they into the orbit . molly I have a dear friend who be sleep with a William Morris agent for week ! I be sure she would put you in touch if there be a deal to be make . 75 vince course , my daughter 's gonna go to law school . maybe she could help out with the .. deal . you know ? ( to bartender ) hey , encore here , huh ? he make a '' two more '' motion . the bartender start mixing . molly what about you wife , Vincent ? have you think of how you will tell she ? I mean — she do not even know of you act ambition as yet , do she ? vince no , she do not know nothin’ . she think I gotta poker game . 122 . int . jeep orchard beach daylight tony and Joyce make out . once again she 's head for he crotch . once again he stop she . joyce what ? tony Joyce . I can not . it 's not that I do not wanna . it 's not nothin’ except ... Joyce . maybe you husband ... ( pause ) I mean maybe he 's get something else goin 's on in he life . maybe it 's not a poker game but that do not mean it 's gotta be another woman . joyce ( sarcastic ) oh yeah ? what 's he , take a class somewhere ? puh-leeze . tony 's eye : wide ! she 's onto it and do not know it . tony Joyce . ( and then ) I be sorry . I can not . he 's look ahead , freeze with the demand of he own conscience . Joyce see that he mean it . tony 's eye : 76 conflict between what he think be right and what he dick think be right . 123 . int . west bank cafe daylight vince she be not gonna believe it . no matter what I say , she be not gonna believe it . Jesus . I gotta lot to back up and explain to she . hard to know where to start . the new drink arrive . they each sip , think . molly I suppose the truth be out of the question . vince ( quickly ) oh yeah . ( pause , a idea ) I get it ! you be my manager ! we will say that you discover I . molly ( warming to the idea ) in some strange way - — my brother 's a inmate or some such nonsense , and I be a talent manager and I bring you in to read for Mr. scorsese . right . if she have any problem , they 's 1ll be direct at I . vince ( not like that ) be that okay ? molly wive always hate I , Vincent . I be use to it . ( pause , then ) City Island . here we come . he get to he foot . wobbly ! so 's she . they hold onto each other as they exit into the twilight . 124 . ext . rizzo house daylight the Jeep pull up . tony and Joyce get out . obviously , they be not talk . tony walk a little funny . as Joyce start up the stair — 77 tony hey . thanks . ( pause ) I have a great time . Joyce look at he , profoundly hurt and annoyed . she shake she head patronizingly and enter the house . tony stare after she as the door slam . once she 's go — tony shit. shit. shit. ext . expressway daylight the rambler approach the exit sign that read : CITY island and orchard beach . molly ( point out ) oh look ! you can see the bridge from here ! and boat . and co - op city ! what a brilliant sunset . can we stop ? 125 . int . garage daylight tony sit , glower . suddenly tony stand up and bang he head against the wall , once , twice , three time . scary . he pause . self -loathing and fury in he eye . then he notice : he belonging in the corner a couple of pair of pants and sock . plus he duffle bag . in he eye , impending freedom . he throw the bag together and find a piece of wire from a hanger on the floor . he bend it and conceal it under he shirt . check he appearance in the reflection of the window and then , on he way out notice a pack of match on the floor he pick they up . the match from Hell 's half acre that vivian toss away the previous day . tony 's face : stare at the caricature of the curvaceous woman on the cover . look on the back of the match . lo and behold : 78 a address : '' hell half acre . 2100 Route 6 , piscataway , New Jersey . '' 126 . ext . driveway daylight tony look upstairs at a light in the window . he can see the glow of a television and a silhouette of Joyce . he make he way stealthily down the driveway , keep he eye on the window . 127 . ext . CITY island daylight the rambler drive down the main street of the village . 128 . ext . rizzo driveway daylight tony open the door to the jeep . quickly and expertly attaches the wire to the ignition head . Pigs it to another wire . a moment later , the engine start . he shut the door , quickly back out of the driveway and jam forward , down the little street . tony have boost the rizzo 's car . 129 . ext . CITY island dock daylight Magic hour — a glorious summertime 7 pm , where the sun hang in the air , slowly sink . Molly and Vince stand at Island 's edge . molly every busy city need a island of peace . and every busy soul need a place of repose . ( pause , then ) tell it to I again . you big secret . vince about tony ? well , you know the whole thing . you be the only one who do . molly but how do it work ? how do you meet he mom ? and when do you know you be leave ? beat . Vince look into she and can see that she have a reason for want this specifics . deep breath . here it go ... 79 vince well , when I be ' bout nineteen , I meet nan who be older . and she be hot for I and I be hot to get away from my family . we drank at the same bar . and before you know it .. we be live at she place in Jersey . ( pause , then ) strange how thing happen when you be not even look . 130 . int . jeep drive daylight tony drive , reggae dance hall blaring from the radio . he groove along with the radio , cruise in and out of traffic and generally seem to be have a great time . freedom ! 131 . int . rizzo bathroom Joyce be brush she tooth . but she 's out of toothpaste . she open a closet door and find vince 's book '' a actor prepare '' . she stare at it , suspiciously . open it . Inside be a card , on which be write molly charlesworth-917-463-3742 . Joyce stare at the number , have at last find the enemy . joyce bitch . 132 . ext . CITY island dock daylight Vince and Molly . vince ( finish he tale ) and then the next thing she 's pregnant and by then I know she be bad news for I and I try to get she to get rid of the kid . ( remember the moment ) and she say to I : '' I know you will be leave soon anyway . and I be not get - ting leave with nothing for myself . '' and that 's how I know she be have the kid and I have to just .. do what I have to do . ( pause , then ) I have seventy - five hundred buck save from when I start work with my dad on he boat . it be gonna put I through City College . I send it to she instead . then I get hook up with the prison 80 stuff — figure I need a good steady income and pension . I never hear from nan again . molly and do you ever tell anyone else in you family ? vince Nah . I do not wanna burden nobody else . besides , I be not too proud of take off . molly leave 's never pretty . no matter how you do it . a beat . then Molly 's cell phone ring . she answer it . molly hello ... hello ... but there 's nobody there . 133 . int . rizzo bedroom Joyce hang up the phone , pain and anger in she eye . she mimic Molly 's accent . joyce hulew ! hulew ! bitch . 134 . ext . CITY island dock daylight Molly and Vince . she hang up the cell . a odd look in she eye . molly there be nobody there . vince I hate this thing — I be always get 's wrong number . molly no , it be not a wrong number , it be ... a announcement . a ring — a bell , a indication . vince of what ? 8 molly ( smile ) now , Vincent . now 's the time . you do have it on you , do not you ? Vince 's face : blank for a moment . then he realize she mean : the envelope ! the secret ! he pull it out . vince you secret ? yeah , course . ( before he open it ) you sure ? she nod . do not take she eye off he . he open it . Inside be a single photograph . the photo be of three very young child , all group on a couch , smile at the camera . vince who be they ? molly ( beat , then ) my three secret . Vince take this in - try to connect the Molly he know with the Molly that be be reveal . she look he in the eye . her look say it all . he take it in . then , quietly — vince where be they ? molly with my husband in schenectady . vince schenectady ? upstate ? what be you doin 's up there ? molly the real question be : what be I do down here ? ( and then ) that 's where I be from , Vincent . bear and raise . vince you family own some big business up there or somethin’ ? 82 molly my father be the janitor at the grade school . my mother leave when I be six . ( the photo ) and they mother leave a year ago . Big beat . Vince connect the enchantress he know with the woman she 's revealing herself to be . vince ( pause , then ) why ? molly to see if it be possible to pretend the past never exist . ( and finally ) do not hate I , Vincent . I think if anyone might understand , it would be you . Vince look at the picture . then at she . in he eye , sadness — as much at himself as at she . he extend he hand . she take it . 135 . ext . route 6 new jersey daylight the Jeep swerve in and out of traffic , at double the speed of the other driver . it take a sharp right and head off the road . 136 . ext . hell half acre daylight the Jeep pull in . plenty of other rowdy car in the parking lot . tony park and get out . feel fuck great ! 137 . int . hell 's half acre tony enter . a bouncer stand at a curtain . behind he be visible the bar and the elevate dance floor . stripper undulate . the bouncer look at tony . bouncer you get i.d.? tony pull out he wallet . produce a prison i.d. card . the bouncer shrug . nod he in . tony enter . the MAIN room head for the bar . catch bruno the bartender 's eye . tony Heineken . 83 bruno nod , pour a cold one . tony put down a twenty . turn and look at the stage longingly . Three stripper , pole dance . hot stuff . tony stare , try to drink in a good long look . then — tony's face -- something funny here . he move back into the main room stare at one of the stripper . yes , it 's -- vivian wrapping she leg around the pole . tony's face he can not put it together . he move closer to the stage . vivian wrapping leg , shaking booty . customer pant . she open she eye . and-bingo ! sees tony . tony's face not want to be see but freeze in place . vivian' face not want to be see , but freeze in place . they each stare bug eye at each other . then she jump off the stage and race off . tony go out the front way . ext . rear door of hell half acre vivian emerge in a bathrobe and slipper . slam the door behind she , grasp the wall and close she eye . vivian shit . 138 . ext . front door of hell 's half acre daylight tony emerge , look confuse . tony shit. 84 the bouncer stare at he . the rear of the build where vivian be try to calm down . she furtively look over she shoulder out toward -- the parking lot where she stare ahead at — joyce's jeep vivian 's eye : fill with suspicion . she walk to the car . open the door and then the glove compartment . the handcuffs fall out . so do a cell phone . tony watch vivian discover the jeep . fear in he eye . he briefly look like he might flee . but this be not a option . after squirming a little , he head toward she . tony uh. hi. vivian ( furious ) what be you do here ? tony yeah , well , guess I could ask the same question . vivian do my mother know you have she car ? tony do she know you be a stripper ? beat . vivian give I the key . ( pause , then ) do you even have it ? ( pause , then ) you do not have it . ( a smile now ) you steal my mother 's car ! do not you ? oh , you loser ! tony 's eye : real fear . she take the cell phone and dial 911 . 85 tony I really think before you do anything we should talk . vivian about what ? economic theory ? ( into cell ) hello , I have like to report a steal car . yeah , I can hold . ( and then ) j-a- I - L , here he come ! tony I think you go to college . vivian who say I do not go to college ? tony what 's this , you part- time gig ? vivian I do not have to tell you anything . tony so you do go to college ? vivian I do ? I mean — yes ! I do but ... shit , why be you even here ? tony ( the matchbook ) Cause I find this in the garage . vivian shit ! well , so what ? my parent be not gonna listen to anything you have to say once they find out you steal they car ! ( into phone ) hi , yes . my mother 's car be steal . license plate number be ... she do not know it . she go to the back of the car . but tony run to the back of the car and stand in front of the plate as vivian try to read it . vivian hold on ! she run to the front of the car . but tony sprint there first and once again obscure the license plate 86 with he body . in frustration , she turn to run to the back again but — she trip fall on she face and send the cell phone skid across the asphalt . and grab it . tony make a diving leap for the phone vivian give I that ! tony calm down ! vivian you stole my mother car ! tony and you 're a stripper ! vivian stripping isn ’t against the law ! tony doe that mean it 's okay for I to tell you parent ' bout what you do ? vivian don't you dare ! loser ! tony bitch ! vivian jailbird ! tony hooker ! vivian don't call I that ! I ’m not a hooker . tony showin 's you tit for money , what' that call ? librarian ? vivian I got suspended from school and lost my scholarship ! it 's just so I can make enough money to go back and not have to tell my parent what happened ! 87 tony ( laugh at this ) and I ’m a loser , huh ? she hit tony hard on he face . this stop he . tony stand throw she to the ground . beat . tony oh , the hell with all of you . he throws the cell phone across traffic and the highway . vivian look stunne as tony march to the car . he grab the handcuffs , cuff one end to himself and the other end to vivian 's arm . vivian what be you do ? tony I be take you mom 's car back with you in it -— so you know I really deliver . and only you know I take it and only I know you work here . that 's the deal forever . un - less one of we blow it . ( then ) that 's how it work where I have be and that 's how it 's gonna work with you and I . get it , vivian ? she get it . but she look at the handcuffs . vivian take this off . tony sorry . but you behavior towards I in the past few day have not exactly earn my trust . vivian 's hostile glare at tony be mix with something else ; the guilty knowledge that he 's right . 139 . int . jeep drive daylight tony drive with he un-handcuffed hand . hostile silence . vivian why do my father bring you home ? 88 tony I have no idea . hostile silence . then — vivian what be goin 's on with you and my mom ? tony nothing . vivian be you gonna tell they that I be a — tony I give you my word , do not I ? my word be my word . which be something you and you jerkoff family probably never hear of . bunch of lyin’ psychos . tony be finish . he stare ahead at the road . vivian do not react overtly . but in the mirror we see that she eye be welling up . 140 . ext . rizzo house night the rambler pull up . Vince and Molly get out . Molly look at the little clapboard house and smile . but Vince notice the empty parking space , the lack of Jeep . vince what the hell ? molly what 's wrong ? vince she be not home . maybe she go out for some food . they mount the stair and enter the house . 141 . int . house Vince and Molly in the live room . Vince unpack he pocket of key , change . Molly sit on the couch . vince now I be thinkin’ , when she come in I be gonna say : " Joyce , it 's time we have a talk . '' 89 142 . rizzo bedroom Joyce be lie in bed . she hear Vince 's voice , get up from the bed and head for the 143 . upstair hallway where she see Vince and Molly from the top of the stair . she look puzzle . they can not see she . molly Vincent , darling , it 's the wrong way . woman — they feel challenge by too much honesty too quickly . Joyce 's face : what the hell ? vince trust I , twenty - year I have be with she . I know what I be talkin’ about — molly Vincent , darling , thirty year I have be a woman . let I handle she . we begin casually . no mention at all of anything unusual go on . before she can even think to ask what I be do here , she will be thanking I for have come into you life . Joyce 's face : enough be enough . slowly she walk down the stair . Molly see she first . look puzzle . motion to Vince who turn . vince hey , you be home ! Joyce nod , face blank with shock and outrage . joyce yeah , Vince , I be home . where I live . ( look at Molly ) who 's this ? Molly stand and extend a arm . molly Molly charlesworth . a pleasure ! Joyce do not take she hand . uncomfortable pause . Molly withdraw it and look at Vince . 90 vince Molly here .. well , we get somethin’ to tell you . ( flustered — to Molly ) go ahead . joyce I get something to tell you , Vince . vince ( eye narrow ) oh yeah ? well , what we get to tell be really very important here . joyce oh really ? well what I get to tell be pretty important too . vince well .. be it more important or less important than what we gotta tell ? joyce how would I know that Vince ? I do not know what you have to tell I . beat . she have lead he successfully down the path of total incomprehension . molly ( helpfully ) May I say -- joyce do not say a word , bitch . gasp . Molly look astound . Vince look astound . Joyce be calm with righteousness . but the pot have begin to boil . vince Joyce ! what the — joyce prick ! into my house you bring she , huh ? into my own house where I raise you two child you bring this .. thing of yours . well lemme tell you Vince , I be gonna do you a big favor . I be gonna put both of you outta you misery here . I be not gonna be insulted in my own house . I want you go , Vince . out of my life ! no more run around behind my back . no more cheap , dirty lie ! no more lie in bed wonder who else have be touch my husband . no more lie to myself that it do not matter . 91 I find passion today , Vince , and it feel great . I be touch and kiss and hold and it feel like you have not make I feel in year ! Molly and Vince be watch the monologue , mouth agape . Long beat . vince what be you talkin’ here ? joyce I be talk about tony ! Big beat . vince you do something 's .. with tony ? joyce more than '' something '' , Vince ! Vince 's eye : thunderstruck . he suddenly rush off into the kitchen . the sound of he wretch over the sink . Joyce look perplex . Molly do not . she know what 's wrong . molly oh dear . Greek in scope ... just then — joyce sees the jeep through the window joyce that 's my car ! Joyce watch as tony and vivian mount the stair , still hand - cuffed to each other . vince stumble back into the room , dabbing he face with a wet cloth . what he see be : tony and vivian handcuffed together and she 's in a robe . vince's face vein be pop . the think that tony have have both he wife and daughter be too much . he grab a butcher knife and charge tony . 92 vince aggggghhhhhh ! !! everyone scream . Vince lunge for tony . tony jump out of the way , drag vivian with he . Vince land on the floor in front of the door . Joyce grab the handcuffs , try to keep they from run . joyce Vince — get the key ! Vince get up , fumble in he pocket and pull out he key . hand they to Joyce and wield the knife at tony who look terrify . Joyce unlock vivian who run across the room . tony shove Vince away and dash for the back door , handcuffs dangle from he wrist . 144 . ext . rizzo backyard night as tony jump out , Vince come after he with the knife . * vince you sonavabitch bastard — you better run ! I be gonna kill ya !! I be gonna kill ya !! 145 . int . DENISE 's house night Vince Jr. , Cheryl and denise be eat M&M 's and watch tv . Vince 's voice pierce the wall . Vince Jr. sit up . vince JR . dad ? concerned look . he get up and go to the window . denise and Cheryl follow . they look — through the window 146 . ext . rizzo backyard night Vince have tony trap by the garage . vince you piece of shit — you screw my wife ? my daughter ? who be next , my son ? tony I do not screw nobody ! 93 on the back porch Molly , Joyce and vivian stare at the scene . vivian he do not screw nobody ! ( then olook at Joyce ) do he ? Joyce , stymy by the going - on , can not answer . vince and tony Vince be wield the knife , try to trap tony who 's dodging and feint for he life . tony put it down , man , put it down ! you be make a huge mistake ! vince aggggghhhh !!! he hurl the butcher knife it sail over the fence , clean miss tony and disappear from sight . vince JR . jeez , dad . pretty lame . tony there . no more knife , okay ? ( he approach Vince ) peace . okay ? I do not know what you think happen here — but peace . okay , Vince ? then we will talk . he 's hold he hand out like a suspect apprehend . the handcuffs dangle from he wrist . vince ( pause , then ) okay peace . Vince hold up he hand in mimicry of tony . then — vince grab the handcuff and yank tony to the ground . joyce leave he alone , Vince ! 94 tony howl in pain as Vince , in expert prison guard mode , subdue he , twist he wrist and drag he across the cement yard . he attaches the other end of the handcuff to the wooden deck . then he run to the garage , grab the other pair of handcuffs and chain tony 's leg . tony be now chain , on all four , like a wild animal . Vince whacks he across the face . joyce stop it ! vince ( whacks he again ) bastard ! tony leave I alone ! as Vince wind up to whack he again — joyce be move to action . she jump off the back porch and throw she tiny frame onto Vince 's back . pound he with she fist . joyce stop it , Vince ! he do not do nothing ! Vince spin around , try to get Joyce off he back but she stay attach . vince what about you goddam passion and all that crap ? the two of the they be now argue while she ride piggy back on he . joyce so what about yours , Vince ? you Molly ringwald over there who 's gonna take care of everything for you and who I be suppose to thank for '' be in you life '' . you bring you filthy girlfriend into my house — vince she 's not my girlfriend ! Joyce look up at Molly who , appal , shake she head . 95 molly I be he manager . joyce his what ? vince for the scorsese movie with De niro . joyce what De niro movie ? vince that 's what I be try to tell you ! I be gonna be in a Robert De niro movie direct by Martin scorsese ! beat . all look at each other , puzzle . joyce what kind of bullshit be that ? molly actually , he have not be sign yet . but he audition today and apparently make quite a impression . they have call he back . joyce you audition for a movie today ? vince yeah and Molly here — well .. she sorta ... ( pause , sigh , what the hell ) she 's a friend of mine . we be in act class together . she tell I to go this audition here so I go . joyce acting class ? when do you go to act class ? vince when I play poker ! pause . nobody can figure this out . molly it 's a ruse , you see . he do not want you to know because Vincent have feeling of shame and inferi - ority about he ambition . 96 joyce be this just a lot of crap ? vince no , it 's the truth . and I want to tell you about it but I know you would be mad about lie to you about the class so Molly here say she have come along and .. pretend to be my manager ! Joyce dismount Vince . stare at he . he stare back at she . so much frustration , jealousy , and sheer anger . joyce I do not believe you . vince you know what honey ? I do not give a shit ! in fact , I do not give two shit ! you do not believe I ? Fine with I . you get a few thing to answer for yourself , here . ( he look at tony ) what 's goin 's on here ? joyce nothing , I be just .. I be ..just .. ( feel scared ) you be leave I .. for she . be not you ? she nod to Molly . vivian look at Molly as if for the first time . vivian oh come on . dad could not get she ! vince you keep you mouth shut , little girl . what be you doin 's run around with that animal in you robe there ? pause . from the ground : tony tell he . ( look up at vivian ) tell he ! she shake she head , nervously . vivian I be back at school and I — 97 tony tell he the truth ! you be all so sick , just tell each other the goddam truth ! Joyce and Vince stare at they daughter . tony look as well . he and vivian lock eye . it 's clear she will not give first so - tony I steal you car . you hear I ? I boost you goddam car so I could take off and get away from all you crap ! I could not live here another thirty day if my life depend on it . and if you want to send my ass back to the cage , be my guest ! joyce you steal the car ? vince what 's that get to do with she ? tony stare at vivian , who look back at he . beat . she realize it 's she turn now . tension : Vince be prepare to whack tony again . vivian must come clean or he will be hurt ! as tony star at she — vivian I 'm.a strrr..a strr..stripper . joyce ( as if she misheard she ) a what ? ( and then ) oh my God . you be a what ? tony she 's a stripper ! she take she clothes off for money ! okay ? Vince and Joyce can not believe what they be hearing . so each choose not to believe it . joyce she be not ! vince you lie piece of shit ! he whacks tony hard . vivian can not take it . as Vince wind up to whack he again — 98 vivian stop it , dad - it 's true ! Big beat . Vince look at he daughter . his eye go to she chest . so do Joyce 's eye . so do tony 's eye . vivian try to make she chest look smaller . stare back defiantly . vivian I pay for they myself ! all right ? vince no . no , you go to school , honey . you get that scholarship — vivian they take it away . ( and then ) I can re-apply next year but no more scholarship . I gotta pay for it myself . and I be gonna . joyce why would they take it away ? vivian because my friend .. because this guy I know ... ( pause , finally ) because I screw up . me. I screw up and get catch with .. pot in my room . '' pot . '' that be such a stupid little word . Long pause . the family stare at each other . joyce they kick you outta school and take away you scholarship over a ounce ? jeez . when I be at oneonta , I could not get back into my dorm after a weekend unless I be carry a ounce ! vivian and she mother lock eye . she see at once that she mother would have be she best friend if she have let she . tear well up ! 99 vivian oh , mom , I be such a screw -up ! vince ( not as move ) wait a minute , here ! what about this steal my car ? you know I could have you back inside in about ten minute if I want to -- tony ( at Vince ) Fine , do it . at least everyone 's honest . you be so scared of you wife you do not even smoke in front of she ! joyce ( look up ) Vince — you smokin 's ? vince no , I quit ! tony liar ! and you get you wife think you gotta girlfriend cause you be too scared to tell she you want to go to act class . ( and then ) and the whole time , you get some weird agenda with I and you will not tell I what it be ! why have you get I outta prison ? why have you bring I here ? vince I tell you - I be a friend of you mother ! tony my mother never have a friend so good they would do I a right turn ! everybody hate she ! she 's a whore and a bitch and if she put you up to get I out — vince ( raging ) she didn't put I up to nothing ! nobody put I up to nothing , least of all you mother ! she be a goddam psycho bitch which be why I walked out on her before you be born ! there it be ! tony and Vince stare at each other , each mutually shocked at what 's now out in the open . Molly be wide eye . 100 Joyce try to take this in . vivian stand , freeze , stare at tony . tony be hyperventilate , on all four . so be Vince , stand over he . tony are...are ...you..my ... father ? Big beat . quietly , as befit the moment — vince ( nod ) yeah , tony . I be you .. father . holding back tear as he say it . tony hold back tear as he hear it . Joyce look shocked . joyce ( sotto ) oh my God . vivian Mom ? Joyce shake she head . joyce nothing . Said like : close call . Vince turn and stare at she . his eye be plead for a answer that will not kill he . vince honey .. what happen here ? meaning tony . her eye plead forgiveness back . joyce nothing , sweetie . ( and then , look at tony ) you son be a perfect gentleman . tony 's eye meet Joyce 's : they know what they each share and why they day together be ultimately a success . joyce ( back at Vince ) anyway , how long you know about this guy ? 101 meaning tony . Vince look at she . shrug through he emotion . vince I mean to tell you the whole thing , sweetie . year ago . really . there 's so much I be want to tell you . it just .. never seem like the right time ... tear form in they eye . joyce I think you be just .. sick of I . vince sick ? no. scare of you maybe but not sick of you . you be .. you be .. he look around . see Molly . she pantomime breathing deeply . Vince remember . vince you be the air that I breathe . they embrace each other . oh , how they embrace . like two people who be so happy to have each other back . Molly watch Vince and Joyce . something in this moment be affect she as well . very gradually — molly back away into the house her face : she be do here . 147 . ext . front porch of rizzo house night Molly exit . look down the little City Island street . as the song continue , we watch Molly walk alone into the encroach evening . 148 . ext . rizzo backyard night Joyce and Vince hugging each other . tony will somebody please unlock I ? Vince turn and stare at he son . tony stare up at he father . Long beat . tony stare at he father . a tear glisten in he eye . Vince unlock tony . tony stand . a long look between the two - — wordless , but fill with apology and a never-end 102 sense of how weird life can be . and then tony and Vince hug each other . Vince grab Joyce . and even tony and vivian grab each other . vivian ( amaze ) you be my brother ! no wonder I ...i.. ( search , then ) I hate you so much ! at that moment — DENISE 's window open up Vince Jr. stand there . as Cheryl and denise look on - vince JR . ( pleased ) you be right mom . dad do have sex with tony 's mom ! Joyce look at she son . Long beat . then — she start to laugh . the more she try to stop laugh the more she cry ! Vince watch this . his tear start to mix with he laughter . that odd mixture again . he cry and laugh onto Joyce 's shoulder . now the whole family be laugh and cry together , as the sun set over the bronx . 149 . ext . port authority bus terminal morning the sun just break . a bus pull out of the terminal gate . in a window of the bus we see — molly sitting , watch as Manhattan recede from view , the sun break over the city . 150 . int . malakov acting studio class be be hold . the stage be empty . Michael malakov say : malakov Molly charlesworth . vince ( pause , then ) she 's not here . 103 malakov turn to Vince . malakov be she you partner ? vince uh , yeah . she leave town , I think . malakov ( shrug ) hm. well , class , you now have one less actor in New York City to worry about steal you role . people applaud sarcastically . but not Vince . malakov ( cont . ) Vince ? you ready ? Vince stand and walk to the stage ... he look out at the face in the audience . seem calm and sure of himself . and , after take a pause , he begin . vince you ask I my worst secret . my most personal secret . the secret of all my secret . I get it . ( pause , then ) but first .. I be Vince rizzo and I want to begin by tell you about where I live . now we realize that the open monologue be , in fact , a flashback from this point . Joyce rizzo stand at the back of the class . look at she husband with a different set of eye . 151 . ext . STREET corner day Vince exit a deli with three friend . they all bid each other a casual farewell . as Vince walk away — the SOUND of a gun go off Vince look scared . bullet be in the air . and three bullet strike vince . he collapse on the sidewalk , blood pour from he stomach , the look of unexpected death fill he eye . a very long pause . during which we , in the audience , might well be think : what the hell just happen to this movie ? 104 152 . ext . rizzo backyard day a yard party in progress . the whole rizzo family - Joyce , vivian , Vince Jr. and tony . everyone except vince . Joyce raise a glass of red wine in a solemn toast . joyce to my husband . 153 . ext . STREET corner day Vince , still lie on the street '' dead '' , blood pour from he . finally he hear — scorsese '’s voice cut. great ! thanks , everyone . Vince open a eye . he 's help up by some of the crew . his moment on screen—getting murder by Martin scorcese — be over . costume and prop and assistant help he up , clean he , congratulate he . he look proud . Vince be now a work actor . 154 . ext . rizzo backyard day Joyce , continue she toast . a smile now appear on she lip . joyce to my husband . the best actor in City Island . now we see Vince , stand at the barbeque . he smile at Joyce . then tony step up with he toast . tony to my father . the only actor in City Island . he smile at the man who be he dad . and he dad smile back at he boy . vince ( v.0 ) somehow , with tony 's appearance a lot of good thing happen . I shoulda look for he year ago . everyone seat at the picnic table . behind they the view of the water . New York City in the distance , clear as a friggin’ bell . the food be on head . 105 vince ( v.o. ) every busy city need a island of peace . just as every busy soul need a place of repose . before , City Island be the place where I hide from my own life . ( and then ) now it 's home . for everyone . what else you need ? the plate . Grace time . everyone bow they vince yeah . we thank you for this meal here ... and to show we faith and unity ... a moment of silence . as Vince say Grace , we see they face . Vince . Joyce . vivian . Vince Jr. tony . Vince and Joyce look at each other . this be they bond . this be they life . vince all right . let 's eat ! the rizzo family start pass the food . the water in the background and the distance . the forever majestic skyline of Manhattan in ai not life grand ?