City of Joy written by gerald brach &amp ; roland joffe October 1990 early draft for educational purpose only CITY of joy fade in : title sequence . ext . bihar - day ( dawn , summer , mid - 1980 ) heat that have mass . that rise off the parched earth in shimmer wave . after a moment , we see what appear to be figure come out of the haze , one by one . a family with they few belonging : hasari pal , 33 , he wife , aloka , 28 , and they child , daughter , amrita , 13 , son manooj and shambu , 11 and 9 ; hasari' mother and father . they embark toward the night , the rise sun behind they . ext . roadside - bus stop - day ( dawn ) hasari 's Father pass a gourd of precious water . hasari serve the child first . shambu gulp entirely too much , the other force he to stop by a unify force of will . embarrass , he pass the cup to he brother , who sip , as do he sister . aloka barely wet she lip , insist on leave the last drop for hasari . and now , a rooster tail of dust rise up behind the approach bus and the old parent bid farewell to they son 's family . there be a intense sadness at leave the land and hasari 's mother cling to he ... hasari I will send money soon . his mother nod , as hasari erupt in a small cough which , by habit , he suppress . his mother crush aloka to she . hasari' mother do not let the child out of you sight . not for a moment . now the child . she want to keep they here even as the old man touch she , remind she she must let they go . hasari' mother help you parent . do not fight with each other . and , manooj , stay away from the cinema , do you hear ? shambu , he eye big as saucer , whisper to he grandma ... ( continued ) 2 . continued : shambu I do not want to go . there be bad man with long knife who steal child . that do it : hasari 's mother dissolves in tear , but the old man nevertheless unloose she insistently from the child . aloka and the child get on the bus as the old man embrace he son . hasari' father a man 's journey to the end of he obligation be a very long road . your begin here . ext . roadside / int . bus - day there 's not a empty inch inside the little vehicle or on top . the passenger be silent . a woman breast feed a baby . several passenger fan themselves . many sleep . the pal squeeze wearily into the rear seat . manooj ( to he neighbor ) we farm have die , so we be move to Calcutta to become rich ! hasari and aloka look at each other : if only it be the pursuit of wealth and not survival . the woman under - stand . and now the bus grind forward and the pal look back . hasari cough , suppress it ... as silence fall . the elder pal stand huddle together in the dust and we see , nestle behind a boulder at the roadside , a tiny , blue flower -- beautiful and fragile , but like all thing alive , determine to live ... and we hear the sound of a dozen voice chanting a quiet mantra in unison as we -- dissolve to : int . ashram - another flower - day this flower float gently in a bowl of water . the title end as we pull back slowly to reveal a dozen anglos , several Indians , and one kenyan seat cross -legge before a aging Yogi , who 's quietly urging the suppli - cant to find " they light , allow you white light to fill you spirit 's eye . " above , ceiling fan move the air . ( continued ) 3 . continued : as we pan the group , we see that everyone have he / she eye close in earnest meditation ... until we come to a american , max loeb , 29 , who pop open first he right eye -- look to he right and leave -- close he right eye and open he leave eye -- look leave and right ... and then , instead of continue the mantra and the search for he white light , expel a stream of air through he purse lip , make a vibrate , flatulent sound , one indicative of sizeable frustration and dismissal . max get serious . around he , other single eye pop open , search for the source of this unmeditative sound . Max nod and smile a wry smile as if to say : this just be not doin ' it for I , folk . int . spartan room - trumpet - day Max close the trumpet case and start chuck he clothes and book in a knapsack and a small valise . we notice the Hebrew letter chai on a gold chain around he neck . his girl friend , betsy kahn , overdress somewhat in a indian style , endeavor to exercise the inner peace she 's be pursue ... betsy I swear to God , you never give anything enough time ! what do you expect in five day , Max ? max only what they promise in the brochure : Inner peace , serenity , and a nice chant that get rid of this rock in my gut . e.s.t. , they do you in a weekend . betsy I would really appreciate it if you would not be terribly glib just now , Max . that 's okay with Max , who 's willing to eschew communica - tion of all kind and just finish heaving he stuff in the valise . betsy be I to assume you will be at the airport in Calcutta a week from tomorrow ? ( continued ) 4 . continued : max impossible to predict , betsy ilene kahn . maybe you better give I my ticket . betsy screw you , Max -- I pay for it ! how many time be I go to let you walk out on I and come back ? max I think only you can answer that , betsy ilene kahn . she slap he . max do you really think that 's a appropriate way to get rid of you western rage , bet ? she swing at he again . he catch she hand hard in he fist . max one slap be romantic . two would call for retaliation ... lend I a hundred dollar . she yank free , begin to chant she mantra as he grab he knapsack and valise and go out the door . now , she 's silent and , in the simple sense , deeply hurt . she can not help herself ; she care . we stay with she a moment as we -- dissolve to : ext . country airport ( assam ) - winding road - day cool , lush hill . a little pack of single - engine two - and four-seater . Max , in short and University of Miami T-shirt , hot , sweaty , appear around a bend in the approach road . int . airport - waiting room a small service desk . a clerk , who double as Ground Control on the microphone , pass on the prevaile wind and the active runway . we hear the static - backed voice of a pilot , give he call number , then announce he 's clear for immediate takeoff on the active runway . the clerk click off and find Max . ( continued ) 5 . continued : max how you doin ' ? the clerk give Max a warm smile . clerk hello . max I have always want to walk into a little airport just about like this one and ask the guy at the counter the follow question . ready ? the clerk nod ; he 's at Max 's ervice . max when 's the next flight to anywhere ? clerk to bombay . tomorrow , at one o'clock in the afternoon . a beat --- the clerk with he smile , Max with he , one simply warm , the other give off simmer heat . ext . airport - low angle - day Max sit on the ground , up against the building , play a jazz line quietly and rather well on he trumpet . a pair of well - shod foot enter the frame . Max look up . another angle the rubicund face of veejay chattergee , 50 , and more british than churchill . behind he , he cherubic wife , ravi ... and make she way toward the enclave of small plane , they daughter , manubai , 26 . veejay I say , be you look for a way out of here ? we have a extra seat . where be you want to go ? Max 's eye flick from veejay to the back view of manubai as she continue on and back to veejay . max I be want to go wherever you be want to take I . 6 . int . 180 four - seater - day Max be cramme into the back seat with the plump ravi . another angle we see now that , contrary to we assumption that veejay would be in the leave seat , it 's manubai who 's fly the plane . the noise of the engine force they to speak somewhat loudly . veejay we be among the fortunate back in ' 48 . we get out of East Bengal before partition destroy so many . we make mattress . the rajah double spring . veejay have a old flask out . veejay we do not have a flight attendant on this flight ... ( pass the flask ) be you a musician , Mr. loeb ? max unattach trumpet player and recently - certified associate guru . as he take a hit on the flask , Max 's eye focus on the little mirror on the dash . in it he can see manubai 's eye . if we be to judge by what he see in they , she do not find he the least bit amusing . he smile he smile at she . ext . howrah station ( calcutta ) - day ( early morning ) a huge bridge dominate the skyline . the train trundle to a stop , its whistle clear the way . people hang on its side , sit on the roof ... and now flood the platform , flow into the station , clear a view for we of the pal , cling to they baggage in the middle of this human anthill . close on they ( moving ) hand reach out with sweet to sell , with tea , ask for money . manooj daddy , I be scared . ( continued ) 7 . continued : hasari scare ? no -- why ? this be very exciting . as soon as we get to we friend 's house , everything will be fine . but , despite hasari 's charade of confidence , they ( and we ) be overwhelm by the size of the station and the desperate energy of the humanity around they . as they press on , a small beggar woman huddle on the platform turn she eye eerily on manooj ... as a deform hand stretch into the frame . aloka sense someone : a beggar , face half - hide and eat away by leprosy . this terrifying image press the boy tightly to they mother and move hasari to encircle armita with one hand and attempt to wrap the other three inside the embrace of he other hand . it do not seem possible that he can protect all of they against the predatory eye watch they . he move they quickly to a wall ... hasari wait right here . do not move . with hasari he move to a line of vendor , show a piece of paper to one , as he dig out he precious screw of money to make a purchase of sweet from the vendor . hasari please , can you direct I to my friend at this address ? we be to stay with he . the vendor give the address a look , show it to the vendor next to he . both look at hasari . vendor # 1 there 's no such address as this in Calcutta . hasari but that 's not possible . vendor # 1 of course it be possible ! I have live here all my life . you be new . who would know if a place exist or do not ? vendor # 2 bombay , perhaps . Delhi . look there . ( continued ) 8 . continued : dear God , what now ? stun , hasari hand vendor # 1 a rupee and , with the sweet , turn back to he family , he face go through a magical transformation as he prepare to suggest to the family that all be well . ext . chowringhee lane - day ( midday SUN ) a few clean and care - for ambassador car sweep into the gateway of the Grand Hotel , past a gateman . rack focus to : feet - maidan foot tramping the pulsate tarmac , send up dust . another angle the pal , scared , dispirite , weary , consume by the crowd . they have be walk a long time . shambu cry ; aloka try to ease he fear . they stop numbly at the edge of the park , put they bundle down against a long wall . across the way , a thin policeman share a cigarette with a group of trader . there be a deeply fearful look in hasari 's eye , a look he be have difficulty control now . he need to revive the family 's confidence . he take out he precious bundle of rupee and give one to manooj . manooj , though , be fix on the cinema across the street . hasari indicate a stall just across the main road . hasari manooj , go and get some fruit . come straight back . delighted with he task , manooj set off , he eye on the marquee of the theater with its huge cardboard cutout of Kumar kapur , star in hot gun . hasari call out to he to watch where he 's go ; the mere crossing of the street be a potential parental nightmare . a hand ruffle manooj 's head and a tall man with dark eye and a sweet smile come at the boy 's anxious parent . gangooly ( tall man ) yes , hello , brother . bihar , be I correct ? hasari yes , how do you know ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : hasari be tear between speak to the man and watch he son 's incredible journey across the street . gangooly let I say only that the terrible malevolence that have visit you part of the country affect we all . hasari Three year without rain . nothing come out of the earth but debt . gangooly terrible . and now , the family on the street . it be not acceptable . ( smile widen ) and if I can not help , my name be not Mr. gangooly ... which , blessedly , it be . and now a smile as full as the sky above . ext . SMALL build in back STREET - day a brick slide out of the wall . we be behind the brick and see gangooly 's soft face as he reach in and pull out a key . the street be small and empty . though the house be nothing much , to the pal , they look like palace . manooj and shambu run about in delight . gangooly motion for quiet . with a flourish , he open the door . int . SMALL room - day gangooly enter , glance around , wave the pal in . they be amaze . there 's a cage occupy by two parrot . in one corner , a small altar dedicated to the goddess lakshmi be decorate with some flower and , behind a tear , plastic curtain in a corner , part kitchen , part wash place , contain a tap with run water . gangooly be free -- look around . on the face of the family be one think : be it possible ? amrita go right to the parrot . gangooly they will need feed . give they seed . but do not spoil they . ( continued ) 10 . continued : he bow briefly before the altar as he move to the wash area . gangooly and now , one of the miracle of life in the city . one and two ... he turn on the tap and a stream of brown water gurgle out . the pal be hypnotize , the fist around they heart begin to ease . gangooly Holy water from the gange ! flow out forever . come -- touch it . manooj and shambu put they hand under the tap . gangooly drink ! it 's as pure as the dew on shiva 's lip . they drink . gangooly clap in delight ... and beckon hasari aside . favoring gangooly and hasari gangooly now , this place be yours for two week . my cousin , moti , be away , travel . normally , the rent take fifty rupee for a week , but for a brother , forty . no , do not thank I . hasari pull out he little screw of money . hasari I have only seventy - five , but as soon as I have work ... gangooly give I the fifty , pay the rest next week . you will find work , I trust you . be not I from bihar , too ? yes . and the money be in he hand . he join he hand together . gangooly you be pleased ? then Mr. gangooly be pleased . it 's how I be . ( continued ) 11 . continued : he turn on he heel and he 's go . for a moment , the pal be still , sweep from the brink of catastrophe to salvation ... and now , as one , they release they sheer and utter joy . int . chattergee staircase - day ravi and veejay lead Max up the grand staircase , manubai in the foyer , look after they . int . guest room - day ravi lead the way into a lovely guest bedroom . ravi I hope this be all right . the room have not be aire or the bed turn , but -- veejay oh , he do not care about that , do you , Max ? here , look here . veejay open a little cupboard , stock with liquor . veejay help yourself . be comfortable . ravi , come on , go , go , let 's leave the young man to himself . obediently , ravi go . veejay follow . Max go to the window . he Pov the beautiful manubai in the garden . max he lie down on the bed . he 's find nirvana . int . MAIN room - day it 's hasari who watch now . there 's laughter from aloka and amrita . joyful shout from the boy . hasari be alone in the main room , on he knee , in front of the pile of they baggage and bundle . he turn he atten - tion from the laughter to a just -open , old suitcase . he take out a small tea box . open it delicately . ( continued ) 12 . continued : it 's full of something brown . he push he finger in and feel this bit of earth with a tenderness that 's almost religious , put a pinch to he nose and breathes it in . the laughter and shout from the bathing area be growing . int . bathing area shambu be paddle near the tap . aloka be bend over the drain and amrita be rinsing she heavy , dark hair with a pot . manooj be nearby , rub himself with a old towel . hasari enter unnotice and look at the group with tenderness ... and with gratitude for they good fortune . a man , red with anger , yank the curtain aside , stare . the family freeze . aloka 's hair drip unnotice on she sari . man what be you do here ? who be you ? hasari my name be pal , hasari . Mr. gangooly rent this space to -- man Mr. who ? hasari gangooly . you must be he cousin , Mr. moti . man I do not know any gangooly and my name be binal and this be my home -- get out ! the furious binal , follow by the pal , go into the main part of the room . a small crowd have be attract by the noise . hasari but this be true . we pay he a deposit of fifty -- binal a man go out because he have to work , and some beggar try to move in while he back be turn . ( continued ) 13 . continued : this while binal have begin to throw thing out onto the street , though this cleanse of he home do not stop he from pick up a stick . the odd sympathizer meet with ... binal so , should I suffer if they be so stupid to jump into the first mouth that want to eat they ? he turn with the stick on hasari . binal you be lucky I do not kill you ! hasari look at manooj , who drop he eye . they collect the remainder of they possession and hurry out the door . ext . SMALL STREET - day full of neighbor . there 's a suppress violence in the air . a man push aloka . sweat stream down he face , hasari confront the man . a woman push the man apart . woman go to the river . try to squeeze in there . ext . victoria monument - STREET - night ( dusk ) Calcutta broiling : bus , vendor , cart , rickshaw , child beg at car window . the pal stand , uncertain , and for the first time a rickshaw fill hasari 's eye , carry two passenger . but now he shoulder he burden and lead the family toward the river . we hold until they grow small against the set sun , gleam red against the white dome of the Victoria monument . int . chattergee's library - torso - night move through the dark , a figure , touch thing , look at photograph of the chattergee . we hear a muffled dialogue mix with the singing a la Dean Martin of " everybody love somebody sometime " : " goddamn it , boy , what 's the matter with you ? -- " everybody love somebody sometime " -- " go for it , son ! " -- " sure , dad , whatever you say , dad . " -- " everybody fall in love somehow " -- " you be the dad , dad . " now , a humidor . Max open it , take out a cigar , take two . take five . sense someone . turn . 14 . another angle ravi in she bathrobe . max I be starve . he give she he best saint 's smile . ravi well , you do not want to eat that awful cigar . come with I , we will wake up the cook , she will fix you something proper . ext . kitchen - window - night through the window , we see the bleary - eye cook lay out food as ravi chatter away at Max , he with a beatific grin on he face as he feed himself . ext . river bank - howrah bridge - day the bridge etched against the dawn sky . the corpse of a indigent be collect and put on a cart . manooj with he eye open , watch the dead man be remove . family after they humiliate flight , they find refuge here . tiny figure huddle together with they baggage and bundle , near a tree , not far from the step that dip down to the smooth water . hasari 's eye , too , be on the dead man , that warning . he kneel beside manooj , stroke he . the boy' eye turn to the man' , wonder if the man can provide for they . hasari do not let it frighten you . you have to be brave . I know we will find work today . fear and doubt fill manooj 's eye . he nod . ext . dock - day hasari at the gate , the family huddle together in the b.g . the man behind the gate shake he head , point . 15 . another angle a line of a hundred man stretch from a door . hasari be on the edge of panic , but when he turn to the family , he 's wear he confident smile . as before , he gather the family into the protectorate of he arm and guide they onward . as he push off into the sea of humanity , we pull back and up , filling the frame with street upon street , disappear hasari . from STREET - into workshop - hasari and owner two plump man in shirt sleeve look coolly at hasari . the elder shake he head . the young show hasari the door . outside , a increasingly desperate hasari find aloka before a small shrine , say a prayer . ext . bara bazar - day aloka huddle with manooj and amrita . hasari talk to the owner of a small market stall . shambu be peer into a shop with male mannequin in the window . int . men' shop - moving mirror in the move mirror we see counter and shelf of man 's clothing . the mirror stop at Max slip into a kurta before a audience of ravi , manubai , and a salesman . ravi it 's not extravagant at all . you can not go around all week in you tribal garb . Max see a boy 's face press to the glass : he indicate the shirt , for the boy 's approval . the boy smile a wonderful smile . ravi now he look civilized , do not he , manubai ? manubai almost . Max look at she . she at he . 16 . ext . men' shop - day man lean down , whisper to the smile boy ... max you sure I look all right ? the little boy nod . Max slip he several rupee ... and he , manubai , and ravi fold themselves into she tiny car as -- another angle shambu run to he deject family . shambu look ! a man give I this many money ! hasari what man ? why -- do you ask he for money ? shambu he just give it to I . hasari where be he ? shambu look , but the car 's go . hasari do not do that . we be not beggar . shambu be devastate . out of he own desperation , hasari feel he 's be a little rough on the boy . he hold he close . hasari go back to the river . wait for I by the tree . do not go anywhere . do you understand ? aloka , the boy nod . we watch they as hasari head off , quickly become a small figure disappear into the sea . ext . jute mill day - late afternoon SUN start to sink . we pan down to hasari step to a grill window as the man ahead move out . 17 . int . jute mill - day a flaking gray wall , half - obscure with molder file . the grill window let in a little light and the quiet supplication of that outside . a old clerk at a desk . a voice call out . the clerk look up , cross to the grill . hasari 's tense face through the bar . a truck rumble past , drown out the word ... except this : " ... trade union . " the clerk shake he head sadly . on the verge of panic , hasari hang onto the window ... clerk do you have family ? hasari yes , yes of course . but I be three day without work . I will take anything . the clerk dig in he pocket , press two rupee on hasari . clerk here , now go away . hasari no , I do not want you to give I -- the next man in line forcibly move hasari out of the way . clerk in this city , a man with a family can not be proud . take it ! the clerk wave he away , turn he attention to the next man . int . chattergee reception room - day ( late afternoon ) manubai 's face . then Max 's . then hers . then he . look at each other . five day . kiss. ravi. max I say you have three day to get I into bed , and I be betting you can not do it . ( continued ) 18 . continued : manubai it 's all right for you to use my mother as you tour guide and meal ticket , because she will get something nice out of it . but what would I get ? he stare at she a moment , then get up , go around the table . max well , gee , I do not know . maybe I could say something so amusing that you would laugh so hard it would break that hot poker you have up you ass . she stare at he . he bend to kiss she . she do not pull away ... but after a moment he realize she be not respond . he continue the kiss , but he open he eye ... to find she stare at he . he pull back . they stare at each other another moment , then Max sense someone in the doorway . ravi stare at they , disappointment fill she eye . max the same sound of frustration and ennui he make in the ashram . ext . chattergee home - day his arm around Max , veejay guide the young man toward a wait taxi . veejay believe I , I understand , but you know how woman be . do you have enough money ? Max give he a non-commital shrug . veejay wink , stuff the money into Max 's pocket . ext . GREEN acre courtyard - cow - day ( late afternoon ) bare foot ... and then sneaker foot step over the sleep - ing bovine , who turn a disinterested eye up . 19 . another angle Max be guide by a grumpy hall porter wear a off - white shirt and bellbottom through the wall and well plant courtyard of a inexpensive hotel . Max give the cow a bemuse eye ... int . HOTEL room - day the room be utterly utilitarian . the porter turn on a ceiling fan , send a army of cockroach scurrying for calmer terrain . Max clearly do not care for cockroach . porter it please you ? max no fruit basket ? no mini bar ? Max hand the porter several rupee . porter bar ? of course -- many , many . but make care , sahib . please , for I . if it be lady you like to know -- yes ? -- you let I . huh ? very sweet girl , good nature , very sweet . or boy , very good ... Max put a finger on the porter 's head , turn he for the door . porter no like boy ? something then for smoke -- mmmh , very good for smoke ! at door Max ease the porter out . as the door be close ... porter maybe you like two girl -- look a little chinese , but very great pleasure . Max smile he smile and disappear the porter behind the close door . the smile disappear and the fan get he attention ; it have a annoying rhythm and sound . he flick the switch , but the fan continue to snap around . ( continued ) 20 . continued : he stare at it ... and startles we by suddenly flick out a hand and grab the blade , stop the fan . he let go . the fan be still . he carry he knapsack to the tub ; it have brown stain along the middle and the water have a brown tinge as it flow out of the tap . he sit on the edge of the tub , dump he knapsack on the floor , pick up a half - dozen pamphlet from the ashram . close on pamphlet guide to inner peace . resume he wing the pamphlet at the trashcan . ext . riverbank - howrah bridge - day ( early evening ) hasari come around the corner of a warehouse , a smile on he face , clutching some bananas and dry grain . his relief -- and ours -- be short -live . tree and bank the space where he leave the family have be clear and take over by truck . he 's lose he family . howrah bridge road a group of hindus be celebrate a puja , the woman sing canticle at the top of they lung ; the man toss a little boy happily back and forth ... as the panic-stricken hasari rush up . hasari my wife , my child ... hasari rush on . suddenly we -- CUT to : under bridge - day his head turn and he eye look this way , that way ... until out of the near silence , we hear a distant , extraordinary word ... ( continued ) 21 . continued : child ( o.s. ) daaaaaaddddddyyyyy ! the word catch hasari 's ear . he look into the sea of people along the river bank under the bridge . child ( o.s. ) daaaaaadddddddyyyy ! as in a dream , shambu rise up out of the sea of body ... and run to he father . shambu daaaaadddddyyyy ! now , aloka , amrita , manooj appear , rise up out of the sea , end hasari 's nightmare . a warrior return from battle , hasari engulf the little boy . hasari I tell you to remain where I leave you ! I tell you to stay there ! manooj the police come ! shambu we say we have to meet you , but they do not care ! they be mean ! as before , hasari try to engulf the rest of he family in the protectorate of he arm . in the b.g. , arun and he family . aloka this friend have find space . they will share with we . hasari look at the tiny space . the roof be cardboard and cloth and half a old movie poster feature the actor Kumar kapur . hasari look at he tiny bit of food , debate a moment ... then put he hand together , address this generous people . hasari I would be proud if you would share we food with we . everyone look at the food ; there be no disguise they hunger . 22 . ext . bridge - night distant transistor music as we pan down : the pal child sleep despite the quiet moan and nightmare cry around they , the two boy huddle together , amrita close to she mother . hasari come out of the dark . aloka look at he . he shake he head . he slump beside she . aloka stroke hasari , look lovingly at he . aloka I remember the first time I see you , on the day of we marriage . wearing a bright yellow turban . you ask I my name and you say , ' you be a very beautiful girl and I be wonder whether you will find I appeal . ' he stroke she tenderly in return ... but now , overwhelm with despair , she begin to weep . hasari what ? she do not want to say it , do not want to wake the child . hasari it 's all right -- what ? aloka I miss the village . there I could help . hasari pull aloka close , stroke she . ext . GREEN acre - night the sky turn red . the porter look up , shake he head : poor young man , stick with only a trumpet for company . int . max's room Max sit on the floor in a corner and play as we hear the sound of a fierce whistle and a scream engine . ext . settlement - close on bulldozer - dawn a gigantic earthmover lurch into position . 23 . another angle swarm police . pal awaken -- startle , disorient . aloka gentle the child as hasari move instinctively toward the threat . scene a black ambassadorial car pull up , out of which step a babu . a microphone and speaker have be set up . another car unload several politico with party banner . a minion hand the babu the mike ; he want to get on with it before this turn into a political rally . hasari be close to he , as be arun . babu the municipality have direct we to carry out the destruction of this settlement . all of you must go -- now ! for a moment there be a babble of fear and frustration . then from hasari 's side , arun confront the babu . arun for what reason ? the babue appear disconcert . he 's not accustom to the poor ask question . babu because this settlement be impede construction work . arun we be not move ! why should we move ? who be the municipality ? we be ! this be we home ! babu I have my order . arun if we be drive from here , where should we go ? babu I will give you five minute to gather you thing . then , the settlement come down . ( continued ) 24 . continued : arun why should you alone be burden with such a task ? let I help ! arun begin to tear he shelter apart , and to heave the piece at the babu , who retreat . other soon take up the call to vent they frustration , hurl thing at the police and at the driver of the tractor . quickly we have get a full - scale riot . the police wade into the crowd , pound people with they stick , arun one of the first to get hit . he stagger into hasari 's arm . favoring pal / arun and he family unbelievable ! panic-stricken , hasari and aloka gather the child and they few belonging ... as beside they a woman go down from a stick to the head ; aloka stop instinctively to help the woman , but hasari grab she , try to shelter she and the child as well as arun 's wife and child , clutching arun to he as in the chaos they manage to escape . ext . church - close on billboard - day on the billboard : a maharajah sleep snugly on a thick mattress . from he dreamland he inquiry solicitously : " have you ever think of a rajah double spring as a present ? " we pan down and find the pal and arun and he family , panting , terrify , beneath the sign . shambu daddy , be we go to die here ? hasari can see on everyone 's face this question . hasari no ! today , I be just a mangy dog on the street , but soon , I swear , I will look other man in the eye ! ( a beat ) I swear . yet on he face we see the extraordinary pressure to make this promise reality . ext . side of restaurant hasari reach the head of a line and receive a small handout . turn away , he study the morsel of food . his head aches , he belly scream with hunger ... but he take only a single bite , then carefully wrap the rest in a cloth and knot it . ( continued ) 25 . continued : he feel a tug at he elbow . it 's a 15 - year - old boy with thick , scholarly spectacle . rafik ( boy ) why live like a beggar when you can live like a maharajah ? hasari stare at the boy . int . blood dispensary - close on hasari be arm - day a needle injected , blood flow into a bottle . another angle hasari seat on a stool , watch he blood leave he body , he face break out in perspiration . hasari I think you be only take a little . attendant we pay more , we take more . hasari I be feel a little dizzy . attendant it will pass . he Pov Rafik and a thin man chat easily and exchange ciga - rettes with another attendant . his vision blur . hasari and nurse with he free hand , he begin to grapple for the atten - dant to keep he balance , start to fall ... and the screen goe black . fade in : ext . dispensary - day a woozy hasari give Rafik he share ; Rafik in turn give the thin man he share . the thin man bow he farewell . ( continued ) 26 . continued : rafik blood be the oil well of the poor , brother . now , give I another three and I will give you this . he open he hand with its dirty nail . in it lie a little group of pill , like highly - color sweet . hasari what be that ? rafik vitamin . take this and you can give again in a week . while hasari consider , Rafik pour the pill into hasari 's hand , take the three rupee . hasari downs the pill . rafik one week . here . the same time . and he 's go , leave hasari , woozy but at least , for the moment , bless to count he money . int . max be room - night Max lie on he mess bed , contort , with he foot up over he head against the wall . a book lie open beside he . a half - eat room service meal , many hour old , moulder on the bedside table . Max be babbling a mock sport case into he fist ... max they be in the shotgun . there 's the snap from center , the clock be run -- five , four , three -- he have a open man at the Notre Dame twenty for the victory ... and he freeze . he freeze ! Mr. choke choke . the fan go -- a knock at the door . Max shut up , fall off the wall . he cross to the door . open it . poomina be 16 , beautiful and exotic-looking behind she excessive makeup . another angle - favoring max the porter push the girl gently into the room , smile at Max , nodd . the door be close . 27 . max and poomina he may have be receptive to a " sweet , young girl , " but not a kid in she teens . max get a i.d. on you ? ( she do not get it ) how old be you ? poomina twenty , sahib . max I buy that . she approach he seductively . poomina I can do anything you want , sahib . she finger the Hebrew letter at Max 's throat , on its gold chain . for a moment , Max be mesmerize by this child ; but then , as she begin more serious ministra - tion , he pull back . max hold it , time out . time , there 's time out on the field . poomina be problem , sahib ? max be problem , yeah , just a couple . poomina no , please , yes , I can -- there 's something desperate in she that make he put a finger to she lip and say ... max how ' bout some chow ? ( she do not get it ) I be just about to order some room service . food . I call , they come , we eat . she stare at he . int . max be room - night ( half hour later ) Max smoke a monte cristo and watch poomina , like a frighten little animal , devour the last of a Green acre room service meal and then wrap a small piece of fish in the paper napkin . ( continued ) 28 . continued : she look up at he , deliver a small burp . cover she mouth in charming embarrassment . poomina now , you be ready for great pleasure , yes ? max watch you eat be my great pleasure . now you go home . as he escort she toward the door , poomina be distress . Max realize she can not leave empty-hand . he pull out some note . max for you . she have not give up , though , and as he take the money , she stand on tiptoe and kiss he . torn , Max begin to respond . he stop himself , he grip on she cause she discomfort . his breath come in little burst . max you be a very wet kisser . work on it , get in touch in five year . he lead she toward the door . like some lunatic comedy . she resist . he push . she lock she knee . he open the door . max goddamn it , cut it out ! now , good night . he muscle she out the door , close it , wipe he lip . he stare at a parade of cockroach glide along the wall as he listen to she crying quietly on the other side of the door . he debate ... and he lose . open the door . poomina stand there ; the tear stop and a lip - twitching smile light she face . max five year already ? gee , time really fly when you have no moral conviction . she slide into he arm , press against he . with he shoulder , he close the door , leave we outside . int . back alley - bar - flaming light - night a bare light bulb ; a scratchy vinyl record on a turn - table . ( continued ) 29 . continued : poomina watch Max do a sleight - of - hand trick with a coin . he toss it up , bring he hand past each other , then hold out he fist ; she pick on ... but the other hold the penny . fool , she laugh . he do it again ; she point to one fist -- empty -- then other -- also empty . Max reach behind she ear and ... produce the coin . she love it , she laughter escalate . but then she seesm to read something in the b.g. where we see four thug , two of whom will become know to we as the goonda , a capo to the local " mafia " chieftan , and ashoka , son of the local godfather . ashoka work on a pimple on he chin . the goonda meticulously clean a spot of mud with spit from one of he expensive new run shoe . Max eye the thug eyeing he . max short guy ! quit lookin ' at we ! this remark go over big with the thug . Max do not care . he knock off the last of the beer in he bottle . the bartender bring they two shot of something in two unmatch glass . poomina special drink for you , sahib . only the most man can drink it . you make try . for I . max for you , I would drink battery acid . poomina who that finish first . I bet ! she put she glass to she lip and , in a childish , exaggerated way , mime wait for he to commence a drink race with she . the two of they toss off what 's in they glass . the bangla in Max 's glass be stronger than battery acid . he do a elaborate routine involv - ing the pain , the surprise , the sheer awfulness of the drink . but put it down with mock machismo . poomina I beat ! max I really do not think so -- oh no , nay , nay ! I never lose the truly irrelevant contest . poomina we have fun some more . I bet again ! ( continued ) 30 . continued : she turn to the bartender , call for two more . all the while , in the b.g. , the goonda and he two thug watch emotionlessly and ashoka work on he acne . ext . bar - night Max sing " take it to the limit " with enormous inebriated sincerity as poomina help he out of the bar . there 's a big black motorcycle park outside . Max glance at it as they start down the alley . as he look back to the road ahead , he find the goonda in front of he . Max be not so drunk that he do not sense what this be about . he look behind he . indeed , the other two goons be there . ashoka straddle the big cycle . max well well . seek punishment and ye shall find . know what 's come , Max nevertheless unleash a beautiful howl and try to trample the goonda off - tackle . from behind , he 's hit with a length of stick . he go down , look up through blast eye at ashoka as two stick now land against he shoulder and he head ... ext . maharajah sign - night the pal sleep beneath the sign . hasari awaken from restive sleep to the sound of a fight . he get up . the other awaken . arun do not go -- what be you do ? hasari it sound like someone need help . hasari bolt for the corner . alleyway as hasari turn into the head of the alley , he can see three man beat someone , a fourth man stand off to the side , watch . hasari what be you do ? ( call back ) a man 's be beat here ! as hasari run down the alley , the motorcycle fire up and scream off and the three goons take flight . 31 . hasari and max hasari run up , reach out to Max , who 's barely on he foot . as hasari touch Max , Max turn and belt hasari in the nose , nail hasari to the wall as Max collapse at hasari 's foot . hasari grab he nose with one hand and kneel beside the fall Max ... as a shadow move and startles hasari . he peer into the dark ... and poomina step into the light . int . clinic / school ( CITY of joy ) - max be Pov - crucifix - day the crucifix sway . now Max 's eye rack focus to the cherubic face of joan bethal , peer at the camera without sympathy . another angle Max on a cot in a tiny , spare room , a butterfly bandage under one eye . Joan , irish , short , stout , hover over he . behind she , hasari pal . joan good morning , junior , welcome to we country . Max manage to sit up . wish he have not . max oh , I like the way the room move in circle . ( check out he accommodation ) I suppose I should inquire where I be . joan you be in the City of Joy . max be that geographic or spiritual ? joan oh , now we require that each visitor decide that for himself . this gentleman and a young lady bring you here . max do I do that to you nose ? ( as hasari nod ) I be sorry . ( continued ) 32 . continued : hasari shrug , smile ... and a gigantic rat drop in Max 's lap . he leap to he foot and against the wall . the rat scurries away . max what be that -- a Shetland pony ? joan I would have to inspect it more closely , but I believe that be one of we economy - size rat . Max clamber for the door . too late , Joan think to say ... joan watch you -- Max crack he head on the door frame . max thanks -- get it . he duck outside for some air . ext . clinic / school - nizamudhin lane - max's face stun . square in the dawn light , he find himself in a small square in a slum , a open sewer run before he . he 's repulse . max pardon the expression , but Jesus H. Christ . from the tea shop , surya , a stout old hindu man dress in western clothes , raise a hand in greeting to Joan . on the door Max and Joan have come through : " City of Joy self help School &amp ; Clinic . " across the way , a young man be dandle a baby on he knee , rub its back and sniff at its neck . small group of child around a blackboard with a teacher , margareta , do number . ram chandar , the rickshaw puller , ready to go out to work . try to orient himself , Max turn ... another angle ... to find perhaps fifty people , largely woman and child , stare at he . ( continued ) 33 . continued : he know they by type : patient . he look at the sign on the door . max you a doctor ? joan oh no , I be a corporate executive . Doctor arrive at half seven , but only three day a week . max this be obviously one of that three day . joan indeed . what bring you to we country ? max I come to find my white light . joan ah , yes . I take it you do not find it . max kept open the door and window of my spirit , but could not see a goddamn thing . joan what do you do in America ? Max be slow to answer . discreetly , hasari hang back , listen . joan oh , how exciting . must be something illegal . be you a criminal of some sort ? max I suppose that depend how you define the word : I be a doctor . joan I see . how long be you here ? perhaps I could recruit you for -- max forget it . you have get you non - practice Catholic . I be a non - practice doctor . ( continued ) 34 . continued : joan how very distress . why 's that ? max found out I just really do not like sick people . well , I be outta here . I owe you one . joan I can not imagine ever divine how to collect , but there be a few of we Indians , you know , who believe the tourist trade ought to be encourage . Max turn to hasari . hasari be incredibly shy , can barely meet Max 's eye . max thank you very much . let I ... he go for he money . hasari no , please . Max find he pocket empty . then reach for he wrist -- he watch be go -- and then he throat -- he chai be go , too . joan I be afraid they clean you out . Ram , here 's you first rider . ( to Max ) take this . she hold out several rupee toward he . all eye on they . joan go on , it 's all right . you will owe I two . ext . STREET - flying feet - day Max in the rickshaw , hasari run alongside Ram , a exuberant smile slashed across he face . hasari you see , I can keep up . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ram keep up , of course . anyone can run at this pace . but you think it 's easy to run and to pull ? hasari I can do it . I could pull it . max come on , give he a shot . he 's as fast as you and look twice as strong . ram will you still pay I when he run you into a ditch ? max absolutely . I trust the man . suddenly , Ram come to a stop . ram all right , you , come , step in here . hasari look on Max with enormous gratitude . Ram put the shaft down , have a short cough fit , spit some phlegm , look at Max . max I hope you be take something for that . Ram wave he off as hasari lift the shaft to he hip . ram now , fine , pull , go . hasari try to pull , but the center of gravity be not easy to find . this be enormously difficult and hasari 's very clumsy at it . the street be crowded . the traffic be beginning to back up behind they . the driver and conductor of the tram let fly a tirade of insult . ram see , mister ! what do I tell you ? come on ! what do you think this be -- some village street ? you have get to move quickly . he turn to Max . ram you see , it take a gift . ( continued ) 36 . continued : max I say he can do it . I will bet you the fare he can do it . ( play by play ) what do you think , rickshaw fan , can he do it ? the crowd be not in for fun . hasari strain forward . the rickshaw move with he . Ram move alongside , shouting instruction and oath . a cop come on the run , scream at hasai ... which make Ram importune more strongly and Max joke more vociferously . even under this incredible pressue , hasari gain confidence and begin to move quick , earning shout of approval from Max and Ram , who now have trouble keep up as they make they way through the maelstrom , a avalanche of oath follow they . int . godfather' house - day at first all we see be foot on a marble floor . the goonda 's in he run shoe , then Ram and hasari 's bare foot . this be the partition splendor of a old house sprinkle with the relic of a grand colonial past . everything be baroque , rotting and somehow impressive . hasari have never be anywhere like this , and be catch between curiosity and fear of breathe . int . " throne room " the three man enter a large room shutter from the sun - light -- dusty and pack with a ramshackle assortment of furniture . two fat blue titmice perch in a cage next to ambitious plaster portrait of napolean . sitting behind a desk be ashoka , lean over a mirror , squeezing a balky pimple . near a large window , he 60 - year- old father , ghatak , in a european jacket and dhoti , work with intense concen - tration at repair a pair of break glass with a twist of fine wire . the three new arrival stand silent and respectful before the desk . at last , without raise he head ... ashoka not a tongue between you then ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : ram yes , yes , I be wonder , sir , we be , be it possible you might have something for my friend ? Ram indicate hasari , as if there might be some question to whom he 's refer . ashoka attack the pimple . ram let I explain it for you ear , sir . my cousin from bihar have just arrive in we city -- goonda they have bring a small present -- of respect . the goonda place a small bundle of rupee on the desk . ashoka allow himself a disinterested glance at hasari . ashoka so , you want to be a human horse ? ram oh yes ! I have personally witness he excellence -- yes . ashoka he do not talk ? can he neigh at least ? ( to hasari ) you -- do you ear function ? hasari oh yes , babu . can I ... uhm ...? ashoka neigh ! like a horse . ashoka pull back he lip , show he tooth and imitate a neigh : " ne-igh ! ne-igh ! " hasari well , yes , babu , I can do that . would you like I to imitate a horse ? finish with the pimple , ashoka wipe a finger on he shirt and take a help off a plate of sweetcake as ... 38 . another angle behind he , the godfather walk up to the desk , put he glass on . he barely glance at he son , but wave he out of the chair . ashoka do not like it , but he step aside . as he do , he turn a look of hatred on hasari . through no fault of he own , hasari have make a enemy . ghatak chew on a pan and cast a benevolent eye on hasari . ghatak lift you longhi . hasari do . the godfather look at he leg and thigh . ghatak the wise man of we nation say that nirvana be the attainment of a state of supreme detachment . for I , nirvana be count each evening , one by one , the rupee earn by my two thousand and forty - six rickshaw . hasari do not know whether to respond . a glance at Ram tell he not to . ghatak gesture for hasari to lower he longhi . ghatak you be with family ? hasari I have a wife and three child , babu . ghatak and they must eat , heh . the world be full of open mouth . he chew on this a moment , then open a drawer ... and hold a small , tinkling rickshaw bell toward hasari . hasari understand that , incredibly , he have a job . his breath be so shallow , he can barely utter he gratitude . he take the bell . hasari I shall be eternally grateful to you . from now on , I shall be as the youngest of you brother . ghatak stay loyal . this day , it 's a crop nobody plant . the godfather turn he beatific and godlike smile on hasari pal . ( continued ) 39 . ext . mattress sign - day ( early evening ) transitor music . the pal load the rickshaw that stand at the road with Ram in it . there be embrace with the bruise arun and he family . ext . square - night ( early evening ) we hear the bell tinkling as the rickshaw , pull by hasari , carry Ram and aloka ( hold shambu ) arrive ( amrita and manooj trot beside they father ) . surya , selima , other neighbor greet they as they come . the pal glance into the school at Joan , who 's teach a evening class . with pal reverentially , they follow Ram inside as Joan watch . int . ram be hut - night a door open . moonlight . face peer through the door . Ram light a oil lamp . in the glow , the family look around they tiny space . hardly able to suppress smile . hasari someone have bless we . a job , a roof , a school . soon I will be able to send money home ... ( look at amrita ) ... and put away a little bit for you dowry . in they excitement , the boy run . outside and up to the roof , under the star . we look up with they and : dissolve to : ext . GREEN acre - on sky - night pan down to Max on he balcony play he trumpet as we continue to dissolve to black . 40 . fade in : ext . square and STREET ( CITY of joy ) - day about twenty tatter street kid face shine with en- joyment . they run and shout as they pursue something just out of frame . wide shot the cause of the excitement be hasari run toward we , foot fly , as he pull the rickshaw , load with a huge sack . manooj and shambu be cling to the side of the machine . Ram stand in the center of the square . he shout a command and hasari struggle to bring the rickshaw to a stop . it 's not easy and sunil -- who 's arrive -- have to jump out of the way to the accompaniment of apology from hasari and Ram and hoot of laughter from the child . outside the clinic , a line of perhaps seventy - five wait patiently , watch as hasari take off again . the wheel of the rickshaw hit a rut . hasari lose control , the sack tip back and hasari be lift into the air , foot kick as he try to regain he balance . aloka and amrita , sit near the bawling Ram , can not hold back they laughter . ext . square - high angle - day the square be set with obstacle . as Ram shout instruc - tion , we see hasari negotiate they with much increase skill . he stop in front of a small group . it 's he family , plus Joan and surya . with a exhaust smile , he sign to aloka and amrita to get in . they do , and hasari take they triumphantly around the circuit . high angle hasari 's triumphant ride continue and we : dissolve to : ext . park STREET - day hasari rub the moonstone in he ring on the shaft , then touch he heart and he forehead . a school girl in uniform , approach the rickshaw stand . we also see several other puller , rassoul , chomotkar , ramatullah . school girl rickshaw wallah ! ( continued ) 41 . continued : ram let hasari go ! the line of rickshaw puller turn to hasari . the other puller wish he well as he come forward . his heart pound ; ever so politely , he help the School girl into he carriage . she give he the address of the St. pius School . hasari I be sorry , I do not know where that be . you be my very first passenger . school girl really . well , I hope I bring you luck . she give he a sweet smile . school girl that way , and then to the right . his moment have arrive . he look at Ram ... and thrust he hip forward , set off into the insanity of the traffic , eye flick leave and right . a horn rail at he and a taxi try to run he down , call and laugh - ing as hasari jump in terror . ram ( call ) feed the police ! other puller laugh , call after hasari ... and as he approach the first corner , he manage to pull out a rupee and deposit it into the hand of the impassive traffic policeman and then turn right . ext . ST . pius - day the School girl hand he a slip of paper . school girl this be my home address . pick I up promptly at seven each morning . hasari yes , thank you , you can depend on I . the girl run into the school yard , meet immediately by friend . hasari look around at the clean , bustling school , at all the child in they crisp uniform and a look of great yearn come over he face . 42 . int . SMALL restaurant - day Max be try to explain to the waiter what he want . max beef . you know -- cow ? mince , little salt , pepper , slap it flat like this , throw it on the grill , flip it . now , though , he just glimpsis the shiny gas tank and engine of a motorcycle around the hip of the waiter . he lean out . another angle ashoka , astride he motorcycle , gunning the engine as a boy run out of a store with a armload of cassettes . with max and waiter max put it on the grill , I will be right back . with ashoka he pull the boy' ear , revs the engine to go ... and sense someone close . he turn to find a american hover at he shoulder . max you know , I have to say you really do not look jewish . I believe that 's mine . he reach for the necklace with the Hebrew letter . ashoka recognize Max . look around for help . there be none . ashoka do not touch I . no one touch I . max really ? Max grab ashoka ... who break free , and gun the cycle down a side street . Max give chase , he aching rib slow he a bit . 43 . several cut ashoka , glance back , begin to open up some distance . yet , Max hang tough , weaving like a break field runner through the mass of body and vehicle . now , suddenly , he lose ashoka . he have to make a choice about this corner or that one . he choose . ext . CITY of joy - around corner - day ( early evening ) a cop step into he path . he see ashoka up ahead . he 's hopelessly out of breath . max oh ... great ... good ... good timing ...him ! he can not talk and breathe . he point desperately . the cop glance where Max point , but he make no move to give chase . cop May I see you passport ? max passport ? I be in the middle of a high speed chase . that guy -- cop passport please . a crowd have begin to form . in the distance , we see a group of girl carry cricket equipment coming at we . max it 's in my hotel room . cop passport , please , now . max ready my lip : I do not have my passport with I at this ... ( he get it ) ah , I see , say the blind man . the cop obviously be do this at ashoka 's behest . Max start around the cop . the cop , however , stick he club in Max 's face ; there 's fire in Max 's eye ... but a hand take the cop 's stick before Max can make a big mistake . 44 . another angle - favoring owner of hand the girl with the cricket equipment ( and margareta , the teacher ) . the hand belong to Joan bethel . joan well , all right , junior , so you will owe I three . ext . post office - day a scribe finish write a note home for hasari . the scribe hand it to hasari . insert - note and money order " we be well . manooj do not go in the cinema . I be earning my live as a rickshaw wallah . it be my honor to send you this . " resume with great pride , hasari pay the scribe , seal the money order with the message in a envelope , lick the flap , and put the envelope into the mail slot . ext . square ( CITY of joy ) - tea shop - day ( dusk ) surya play he zither . Max and Joan sit at a table . Max pop little boil candy into he mouth from a dish on the table . joan oh , it be just a whim in the beginning really -- to try to convince they not to be so bloody passive , that they could pull themselves up on they own . I get a little money from a swiss organization . now it 's become a bit more than I can manage . max it 's get to be like try to drill a hole in water , though . joan we just need a few more hand on this little life raft we have set afloat here . ( continued ) 45 . continued : they stare at each other . shambu have become one of surya 's tea boy and refill they tea . joan you know what I have come to think in my middle age , Max ? max nope , no , earthly idea . you be pretty much outta my league , think - wise . joan there be really only three action open to a person . max only three -- okay . and what be they ? joan to run , to spectate , to commit . Max peer at she a moment , then around the square . max have it occur to you that this obsession with charity be really a flaw in you character ? joan Charity ! it 's not charity , dear child , it 's love . you be very badly twisted around , be not you ? max one of we sure as hell be . the clinic 's part-time doctor , sunil dasgupta , come out of the clinic after a very long day . sunil I be off for home , sister Joan . a pleasure to meet you , Dr. loeb. max the same . sunil see you day after tomorrow . joan good night , God bless , Doctor . ( a beat ) generous young man . ( continued ) 46 . continued : as he watch sunil head away , Max sense something com - ing at he from the side . a soccer ball almost hit he ; he jump up , handle the ball athletically . square he begin to play with manooj and several other child . shambu leave he post in the tea shop to join they . manooj be you the american doctor ? be you come here to help we . max no , I be the visit american soccer star , El Max . manooj do you go to the cinema in America , El Max ? max when I be you age -- two movie , plus cartoon every Saturday . aloka and amrita be cooking on a open fire bucket . Max almost knock the fire over . aloka look at he , apolo - getic , shy ... as manooj knock shambu down at Max 's foot . Max scoops the little boy up ... max there you go , little guy . ut -- what 's this ? reaching behind shambu 's ear , Max produce a boil sweet . aloka watch this with a smile ; they eye touch again ... as manooj let out a cry at the sight of they father . another angle Ram and hasari return home . hasari can hardly walk . shambu run to he father , explain excitedly ... shambu daddy , there be the doctor from America . he see two movie every Saturday . what 's in you fist ? open , daddy ! shambu pries he father 's fist open : seed . ( continued ) 47 . continued : shambu seed ? why ? hasari so we can watch something grow . ext . ram' hunt night - upstair Children lean down as smoke waft up . we follow the smoke down to Max 's cigar . aloka and amrita lay the food out . shambu rub he father 's aching leg as hasari and manooj plant the seed in hasari 's little tea caddy full of earth from home . Max be watch this " family " huddle around the father . ram another few month , I will be able to pay off the moneylender in my village and go home and open a grocery shop . all around I sack overflow with all kind of dal and rice , aromatic spice , pile of vegetable ... and at night , I will lie on my back beneath the tree sniff fresh aubergine . this beautiful picture burrow into hasari 's mind . for a moment , he go there -- home , to the village ... ram if my wife will let I come within a hundred mile of the place where she herself reside . Ram laugh , hasari smile ... hasari amrita , I see a beautiful wedding sari today . amrita be terribly embarrassed . ram it be six hundred rupee only . he laugh at the impossibility of the price . max that 's only 40 dollar , be not it ? hasari if you have it . ( continued ) 48 . continued : max I will send it to you from America when I get home tomorrow . hasari that 's very generous but no , thank you . max repayment for punch you in the nose . hasari you have repaid I by share we supper . Joan indicate that Max should let it go . hasari ever so carefully water the tea box . ram Doctor Big brother , I myself would be willing to accept a gift . could you give I five rupee in a note -- ten , perhaps . my ankle be badly swell ; the higher the number the more the swell sink . Max have to laugh . max I do not have a cent on I . I will owe you . ram how much ? now everyone 's attention be take by a cry from shambu , who expel he breath , he terrify eye direct we attention to ... another angle it 's a amazing sight . two leper : anouar , bearded with a sharp intelligent , unmark face , make he way along on a small wheeled board , at a amazingly fast pace , ahead of say , a huge , mute leper . they stop some foot away . leper be not often welcome . out from behind Said step poomina . poomina Joan Di , my sister ! ( continued ) 49 . continued : she see Max , gasp , throw herself behind Said . Joan look at Max -- he start to speak , she point a finger that silence he ... joan it be poomina who bring you to we . she have herself and she sister to support . it 's all right , poomina . anouar , what be it ? she move to they . they be all three badly out of breath . with joan and leper anouar it 's meeta ! it 's she time . but something be wrong . the midwive do not know what to do ! Dr. sunil , could he help , perhaps ? joan Dr. sunil be not here . poomina meeta will die . another angle Joan turn to Max , who have not hear the exchange . joan Max , I would not ask , but it 's a emergency . a pregnancy go awry . it 's a leper . could you have a look ? Max be clearly throw by the sight of the leper . max I do not have any experience with leprosy . joan good Christ , son , because she 's a leper do not mean she 's not build like a woman ! hasari I can run and get Dr. sunil . joan it 's too far . ( continued ) 50 . continued : suddenly , impulsively ... aloka I could help . I have have three baby . ram you can not do that . they be outcast , they be unclean . there be murmur of assent from the other . joan oh nonsense ! it 's not contagious ! a beat -- everyone fix on Max . hasari you be a doctor , how can you not help ? ext . path - night the moon reflect off the dark puddle of muddy water that line the side of the railway track . anouar propel he board with astonish agility along the path , Said and poomina run with he . Max , Joan , carry a first aid bag , aloka and hasari follow , slip and slide on the rough ground with its puddle and sewage . ext . railway line - leper hut - night the little procession arrive outside the three rough hut , make of bamboo , plastic sheet , cloth , wood and cardboard . a few shadow materialize . leper -- stare silently . anouar point into a hut . Joan and aloka precede Max inside . Max forget to bend and bump he head . int . hut - night the only light be the feeble waver from a candle . the blind meeta lie on a rough mattress on the ground . her rag sari be pull up to she middle . her face run with sweat , she hair be plaster to she face . a girl with black eye be fan she with a piece of wood . meeta send up a soft , uninterrupted moan . a wedge of blood - soak cloth be between she leg . ( continued ) 51 . continued : a middle - age leper be lean over she -- a midwife , encourage meeta with a string of command in they own language . Max kneel , aloka at he side . his breathe become shallow ... but then he pull off the blood - soak bandage . between meeta 's leg he can just make out the bottom of a foot . the child be breach . maybe already dead . aloka will she die ? Max go into reflex action . Joan have open the first aid kit . there 's a flashlight among the medicine , alcohol , compress , scissors , etc . he hand the flash - light to aloka as ... max ( to Joan ) pull I two c.c. 's of coramine . he nod at aloka ; she illuminate the scene . max uh-oh , uh-oh , who 's this come ' down the lane ? why it 's -- be it possible -- way over here , in India -- yes , it 's Mr. choke . he come to a stop . everyone stare at he . meeta moan . for a moment , he stay freeze . aloka reach out instinctively , wipe the sweat from he eye . this gesture seem to free he ; he look at she , look at the room and its expectant , trust face ... max I be go to have to turn it -- the baby . tell she she have to relax this muscle as much as she can . he do not finish the sentence . aloka speak softly to meeta as Max take meeta 's arm , make a tourniquet . Joan hand he the syringe and he inject . hand the syringe back to Joan and begin to work at turn the baby . aloka take meeta 's hand and it 's a moment before we realize aloka , with she fine hand , be hold meeta 's fingerless palm . 52 . outside a small group wait , try to determine from the sound what 's happen inside . anouar pour tea from a pot on the small fire , offer the cup to hasari . hasari stare at the cup , do not want to be impolite , but more than that , do not want to touch the cup . he shake he head , smile . anouar drink off the tea . inside sweat pour down Max 's face into he eye . he shake it out . aloka lean forward and , with she new sari , wipe the sweat away again . Max nod thanks . max tell she again to breathe in short little burst now . he demonstrate . aloka do the same to meeta . meeta try to cooperate . and suddenly Max have the baby turn . max all right ! now , tell she to push . aloka translate . meeta push . the midwife , the little girl , aloka lean forward . max again . yes ! again . it 's come . outside no one be sit now . everyone hang close to the door . only hasari remain apart , seat on a tree stump in the middle of the quad . he cough ; suppress it . inside max I have get the head . come on , little baby , come on , little baby . be alive , be alive , be alive . aloka wipe the sweat away again . he look at she , he voice squeeze out through he tooth . max we have get it , we have get it . yeah ! ( continued ) 53 . continued : he seem as release as meeta . then he give a last gentle tug and a cry squeeze out of the little piece of life in he hand . Max be fairly overwhelm by the life in he hand . poomina step close , a smile on she lovely face , and touch the baby in Max 's hand . ext . lane - night Max , Joan , aloka and hasari walk in silence down nizamudhin Lane . there be only the mingle sound of coughing , moaning , and a transistor radio nearby play a popular song . outside the clinic , they stop . she take he hand . joan for a non- practice doctor , that be pretty practice . max never be so scared in my life . it 's a warm , open moment between they . but now there 's the ongoing desperation of she need . joan Max , please , will not you change you mind ? we desperately need another doctor . full-time . think about it -- just give we a couple of month . max can not do it . maybe you have get it in you to be a saint . I just do not . joan then what do you want ? what be you go to be when you grow up ? good night , aloka , hasari . Joan go inside , leave Max , aloka , and a very uncom - fortable hasari alone a moment . aloka thank you for allow I to go with you . max you could make a helluva nurse . a little smile come over she face ; no one 's ever pay she that kind of compliment . she go into Ram 's hut , leave Max and hasari now . ( continued ) 54 . continued : hasari I think perhaps you be a good man . hasari bring he hand together and go inside . ext . / int . joan be and the pal be ( alternate ) - night Max hear Joan praying inside . joan ( o.s. ) Jesus , my brother , you who I be try to believe be the light and salvation of the puke world ... the pal aloka sit huddle with she husband while they child sleep ; they listen ... joan ( o.s. ) please see that we be live in madness and darkness here ... max listen . joan ( o.s. ) ... and we need help . om , Jesus , om and amen . suddenly , he hurtle into motion . he run down the alley , he stride stretch out , swallow up the distance between here and the world beyond the City of Joy in great gulp . ext . calcutta airport - establishing - day a busy , urban airport as oppose to the small country airport in which we see Max earlier . v.o. we hear ... betsy ( v.o. ) yes , yes , yes , that 's right , yes ! I turn in you ticket ! 55 . int . airport - day it 's a small place ; it 's sweltering , and it 's pack with hundred of family shoulder to shoulder . though betsy 's try to be discreet , it 's not a very private place , as we see by the number of people watch Max and betsy . betsy I buy it , I get a refund ! max but I want to go home with you . betsy you want to go home with I ? max yes. betsy then prove it . max good -- how -- name it . betsy buy yourself a ticket . max I would love to do that , betsy ilene , boy would I love to do just that , but I be financially embarrassed at the -- betsy use you credit card . max what credit card ? you know I max they before we leave . just lend I -- betsy no ! you will not pay I back ; you never have . oh , Max ! max they be call we flight . I want to go home with you , betsy ilene kahn . because I have a vision . it 's ... he 's try to woo and charm she . he mime a kind of house shape . ( continued ) 56 . continued : max I see you and I , betsy ilene kahn , nibble toward each other through a quarter pounder with cheese , chugalugging a frosty light beer -- great taste ! less fill ! bowl ! I want to go bowl , besty ilene kahn ! he fire a strike through the watch crowd . max I want ... oh , my Lord amighty , I want so many american thing -- betsy oh , stop it ! you have no earthly idea what you want , Max ! and stop call I betsy ilene kahn . max be not that you name ? betsy you call I betsy ilene kahn like you just meet I yesterday . max what should I call you ? my girl , my significant other -- betsy do not get cute ! you get cute and I swear to God --- you tell I once I look like my mother ! max you do -- so what ? betsy see -- you do not understand ! max how could I possibly not understand a conversation as easy as this one , betsy ilene . betsy I hate you ! max na ya do not . ( continued ) 57 . continued : betsy I stand by you for three year ! max I know . betsy I support you through you internship ! max you do . betsy why ? it be never work . what have I be think all this year -- that you would change ? you be the most self - pity , self - destructive , self ... she can not find anything fierce enough , so she abate , try to get it together to make a dignify exit . betsy but you have teach I something , Max . you never finish anything . well , I quit . I have find my light and I be free of you . she head for the gate , people parting to give she a wide berth . moving shot - toward the gate max will you at least call my mother and ask she to empty my savings account and wire -- betsy do it yourself , Max . call she collect . you should have call she week ago anyway just because she 's you mother ! ( to herself ) White light , white light ...! she hand she ticket and board pass over and she 's through the gate . Max turn to find the audience fix on he . ( continued ) 58 . continued : max guerilla theater , folk . ' all the world 's a stage . ' do not know if that word reach you here yet . if you would care to show you appreciation by a small donation ... many smile ... and several instant offer of rupee . a beat , then ... max aw , what the hell . ... swallow he incredible embarrassment , Max take the money . ext . square - day ( early morning ) the line be long . at this moment , Joan be check a child 's throat with a tongue - depressor . aloka be walk beside she with a fistful of depressor and a bag for disposal . hasari and Ram be get ready to leave . anouar appear at Joan 's waist . anouar good morning , Joan di. Dr. loeb say many of we could be help ; that all it would take be money for medication . anouar hand Joan some newspaper in which something be wrap . Joan open the paper . Inside be a good deal of money . anouar please buy the medication for we . if we cannot come here to receive it , perhaps Dr. loeb would come to we . joan I will be happy to buy the medication , but Dr. loeb be not part of this endeavor , anouar ; there be only he cherish memory . anouar then perhaps I be have vision . anouar 's focus be up the lane . Joan follow he focus to : 59 . there Pov Max approach . a buzz about Max 's heroic ; hand come together . Max raise a hand in benediction , make the sign of the cross . Max clap hasari on the shoulder ; hasari bring he hand together and give Max a genuinely pleased smile . Children circle and touch he , manooj and shambu among they . back to scene max good morning ! good morning ! heckuva morning ! get ready to practice medicine without a license , sister Joan ? you do not see I solicit conversion , do you ? joan well , well , well , I do so love to be surprised . max okay , for starter , pick I out someone with something easy I can heal , make I look good . ( to aloka ) aloka , you be my assistant , let 's go . aloka smile , she nod , she accept . joan Max , knock it off , give we a bit of hush . ( as he do ) what happen ? max I change my mind . joan and I be a bloody bathing beauty . max okay , so I get leave . joan smart girl ... so how long be I stick with you ? max two week -- or until Mom send I a ticket . ( continued ) 60 . continued : joan not worth the aggravation of you prattle every day . six month -- and not a day less . max no way . six week -- and that 's my best offer . joan two month -- and that 's my final offer . max ( a beat ) done. joan Jesus and Mary . the Lone Ranger ride again . and now smile creep onto all they face as Max go inside , follow by Joan ... and then aloka -- after she look at hasari , get he nod of encouragement . too late , Joan say ... joan watch you -- thud ! max thanks -- get it . the child titter . the teacher , margareta , admonish they to pay attention and be polite ... as we -- fade out . fade in : ext . school girl be house - hasari be wheel - day ( two week later ) the wheel spin furiously and then stop abruptly . hasari , drip with sweat , panting . the School girl come run toward he . after she , in the b.g. , she mother . school girl hasari , where have you be ? I have be wait almost five minute . ( continued ) 61 . continued : hasari I be sorry , forgive I . it will not happen again . school girl we be not go to school today . you be take my mother and I to the bara Bazar . I be get marry ! hasari oh , I be so pleased for you ! pant helplessly , hasari smile ... as he help the School girl 's mother into the rickshaw . mother good morning , hasari . hasari good morning , missus . briskly , he take up the shaft and set off . mother turn right at that corner , hasari . hasari it 's farther that way , missus . mother no , not really . turn there , please . obediently , hasari turn ( as ramatullah , head the other way , pass ; they wave ) and hasari pull away from we . ext . second wedding shop - day he help they out of the rickshaw in front of a expensive - look bridal shop . school girl you must remember this shop , hasari , when it 's you daughter 's time . this be the nicest in the city . the mother give the School girl a wither look and hustle she into the shop . hasari can just barely hear ... ( continued ) 62 . continued : mother ( o.s. ) do not say thing like that . he 's never go to be able to buy anything here . on hasari he watch from outside , a look of determination come over he face . suddenly a pair of finger take hold of he ear , twist he face painfully . another angle ashoka , with the goonda and two henchmen , in the b.g. ashoka not work ? how will my father eat this evening ? hasari I be just ... ashoka you have a daughter ? hasari yes , babu . marwari ( o.s. ) rickshaw wallah ! call to work , hasari start for he rickshaw , but ashoka hang on to he ear for another uncomfortable moment ... as he slip a rupee into hasari 's shirt pocket . ashoka keep work . give this to sister Joan and you friend the doctor when you go home . now he hand hasari a seal envelope and turn he ear loose . hasari spring toward he passenger . int . examining room - day Max with he stethoscope to meeta 's baby . meeta in a brightly - color sari and a lot of bracelet and aloka look on . poomina cling to the wall . ( continued ) 63 . continued : max he 's just malnourish . be she give he the milk we give she or sell it ? aloka ask meeta in Hindi . meeta clearly swear she 's give the baby the milk . aloka push she . aloka not all . most. max tell she to give all the milk to the baby . aloka do so as Max bounce the baby , coo to it play - fully . the baby pee all over he . aloka translate quickly . meeta start apologize . poomina can not help laugh . Max remind meeta that that 's once for each of the two week of the baby 's life . aloka soothes meeta as she hustle she , poomina , and the baby out , then quickly begin to wipe Max 's face with a clean rag . this be not something she 's accustom to do , but she 's do it before she have time to think . Max find himself conscious of she closeness to he ... and then she become suddenly self - conscious and she back off , duck she head . he peek up under . max psst . she look at he . max it 's okay . he smile . so do she . ext . square - day ( early evening ) sunil stand outside the clinic , roll he sleeve down . anouar wait at a polite distance . exhausted but exhilated , Max and aloka emerge with a elderly woman patient , Max sing Chuck Berry to the woman 's embar - rass delight : " they be really rockin ' in Boston , in Philadelphia , p.a... " sunil look at he american colleague , smile a small smile . sunil good night , I will see you day after tomorrow . max good night , sunil . ( continued ) 64 . continued : " ... deep in the heart of Texas , around the Frisco Bay ... " manooj and shambu come charge at Max with the soccer ball , hope to engage he as a playmate . hasari return home with he rickshaw . selima wave at Max , indicate she 's cooking dinner . Joan wander out of the school as the kid be release and go charge through the square . Joan have the pal kid in hand . selima very special supper for you tonight , Doctor Big brother ! will you stay ? max wish I could , selima , because I be sure hungry ! sixteen hour of pestilence and misery always make I famish . I have to go with my man anouar tonight . I have get leper to heal ! anouar no , no , you know how patient we be . eat , eat . max ( to aloka ) you be not tired , be you ? aloka not if you be not . between hasari and aloka , there 's just a flicker of tension ; evidently , this have become Max 's ( and she ) normal day . but he 's also worried about the note from ashoka . Joan join they with the pal child . joan well , I think we have get three very good potential scholar here . behind the child 's back , she point at manooj and indicate the kid 's really get a head . joan give he some time here , he will be good enough for a proper school . hasari it 's more than a father could hope . ( continued ) 65 . continued : max Fifteen year from now : Miami , Florida , Dr. manooj pal , in association with Dr. maxwell loeb . for a moment , hasari be sweep up in this little reverie , then remember reality . hasari ( give she the note ) from the godfather 's son . for you and the doctor . amidst instant concern , Joan open the envelope . look at Max . we hear the sound of bangladesh music . int . godfather be " throne room " - old radio - day the music be of day go by , play on a old radio . stick of burn incense send off trail of smoke . the godfather , mr . ghatak , look infirm , wipe a tear from he eye . ghatak acha ! now we see Max and Joan seat on cushion before the godfather , tea in hand . Max catch a glimpse in a anteroom of several thug with several young girl , one of whom be poomina . she catch a glimpse of Max as she disappear past a door . a moment later , she head peek around the door frame . she bring she hand together . ashoka ( o.s. ) you ! poomina quickly disappear . Max 's attention be pull back to the godfather ... ghatak I understand that you be interested in expand you clinic and free school , and that you intend to start treat leper in the City of Joy . joan we would like to better serve the entire community , Mr. ghatak . ( continued ) 66 . continued : ghatak of course . that 's very good . admirable . and we would be pleased to rent you suitable space . but you must understand that certain payment will go up . joan I understand the rent would have to go up if we rent larger quarter from you , Mr. ghatak , but why should we have to pay more protection ? ghatak more people , more potential trouble . stranger . if I do not charge you , what will I tell other ? joan but we can not afford it ! ghatak surely if you can expand , you can pay more . Joan throw up she hand -- how do you reason with this man ? max be I stupid , but be not this protection money money we be pay you to protect we from you ? ghatak we live in chaotic time , miss bethel , Doctor . I control the City of Joy and maintain it as a model of harmony . it 's a miracle , but a very fragile miracle . max and how be we threaten you miracle ? ghatak I admire you courage in choose to work in such a violent place , miss bethel . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 . continued : ghatak ( cont 'd ) you neighbor in the City of Joy , they be not educate , they be give to violence , to meanness , I can promise you they will not like have leper among they , but because they know you be under my protection ... he dispatch a globule of spit into the copper urn next to he right toe ... and try to get to he foot . the goonda hurry forward to help he . ghatak Doctor , do you like we music ? max well , I can not say I have develop a craving for it yet . ghatak it 's difficult to appreciate what we do not understand , be not it ? let I put it another way : the world be a terrible place . only the ruthless prevail . my son will make the arrangement with you . one of the thug help the godfather outside , where , in the b.g. , we see he listen to he music and potter in he garden . as Max and Joan turn , Max find himself face to face with ashoka , who wear Max 's necklace and chai . there 's a long pause as the two of they take the other 's measure . max ( to ashoka ) I like you taste in neckwear . Joan put a caution hand on Max 's arm . ashoka seem just the slight bit uneasy deal with Max and so keep try to direct himself to Joan . he smoke a long indian cigarette . ashoka the entire package we be propose will cost you three thousand rupee a month . Joan be take aback by the sum . joan if we pay you that , we will not have any money for supplies . ( continued ) 68 . continued : ashoka I be tell you be very resourceful . max I think I see a solution . May I ? what if we be to work out a profit-share arrangement ? we give you a share of we net profit . ashoka how do you expect to make a profit off of leper and the poor , Doctor ? max beat the hell outta I , asshole . but you have obviously find a way . the question would seem to be whether ashoka will have Max kill here or outside the house . his eye on Max , ashoka put the cigarette out against the back of he hand ... and smile at Max . ext . godfather' house - day Joan be furious . joan have you go right off you rocker !? this people do not have a sense of humor . be you try to get yourself kill ? max I do not think so ... but with I , any duplicity be possible . he tickle she ; she knock he hand away ; he tickle she again . joan stop it , you ... you ... you nudnick ! he do not stop , and as she storm off down the street , he stay right on she , tickle away . int . metal piecework shop - day it 's dark and claustrophobic . the air vibrate with the squeal and clatter of metal . about twenty kid sit in a line , back to back , manipulate aseries of lethal and unprotect lathes and polisher . no one can hear he neighbor . 69 . another angle hasari , with shambu in the rickshaw , arrive to take the child home . as he look inside , he notice ... hasari' Pov not far from amrita sit a handsome boy ( subash ) . he catch amrita 's eye . amrita be sweetly embarrassed to find she father stare at she . on hasari but he can not help but smile . at the same time he 's be - minded moment to moment of he various obligation . ext . side STREET - day the three kid in the rickshaw . a ambassador car swerve in front of hasari , force he to jam to a stop , jolting the kid . the goonda sit in the back seat with ashoka , who carve he fingernails with a switchblade knife . he crook a finger at hasari . hasari lean close and ashoka take he by the ear . ashoka who give you you rickshaw ? hasari the godfather . ashoka who provide the food you eat ? hasari the godfather . ashoka remember : loyalty . he give hasari 's ear a last tug ... and the car continue on , leave hasari . he look at he child , ashamed to have be cow . manooj fix he father with a hard look . ext . joan be room - kide - above - night lean over , listen , take in the aroma of ... 70 . int . joan be room Max 's cigar . he sit slightly apart from Joan , sunil , aloka , Ram , hasari , selima , margareta , surya , saladdin , ashish and shanta , aristotle John , mehboub , anouar , and Said . hasari be stretch out , aloka rub he scream leg . throughout the follow , they eye meet and deflect ... saladdin the godfather be at least civilized . the son be vicious . remember the last election -- the molotov coctail , the blow with iron bar . they will throw we out . we will not be able to find anyone else to rent to we . we will just have to agree to pay what he want . mehboub saladdin 's right . neither nature nor the people with the power have any conscience . we have to pay . a sigh escape surya . he shake he head . eye flick at he . ashish what do you say , Doctor Big brother ? sunil I think we must try to break the godfather 's hold on we . this be startling and be meet with a babble of cautious agreement and dispute . sunil please , hear I out . but I think we have to be very cautious . max how the hell do you proceed with caution against this people ? you can not . you have to risk everything . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 . continued : max ( cont 'd ) you try to negotiate with this people , you make compromise with they , they will eat you alive . stand up against they now and they will fold . I guarantee it . underneath , they be coward , they get no gut . we show they we be strong and the will just move on to easier picking . ashish we ? you have a airplane ticket . still , he 's clearly pique a lot of support . sunil you know , Max , this be not american gangster television . saladdin yes , if you be wrong , you do not have to be here . max I be not wrong . you bow you head , you plead with you god to do what you will not do yourselves . you put up with this nightmare as if there be no choice . I be tell you , if you do not stand up to that little pimple face now , he will own you for the rest of you life . everyone stare at he . many of they want to buy he commitment . there 's another large sigh from surya . aloka and hasari 's eye bang off of each other , she silently urging he to speak . he 's deeply conflict and deeply frighten . anouar even though I be invisible to some of you and I do not have a complete set of leg to stand on , I stand with the Doctor Big brother . maybe nature do not have a conscience or that with the power , but do not we ? Said , the giant mute , made a unintelligible sound in he throat , but clearly he 's agree with anouar . ( continued ) 72 . continued : margareta I agree with anouar and Max daddah . I think it 's worth the chance . silence ... until aloka and hasari 's meet again and , out of he terrible fear and conflict , he say very shyly ... hasari be it permit to speak ? there be quick nod around the room . with great difficulty , hasari say he piece . hasari I want my child to be educate and care for ; this be we home , we have never have such friend . but many of we owe a great debt to the godfather . he be strong and could kill we ... but we must choose . I trust my Big brother . I say we must stand up . there 's still dissension , but somewhat more support . Said make a fierce , unintelligible supportive sound . surya sigh again . eye flick at the old man . sunil sister Joan , what do you think , really ? joan well , I think Max have hit on the heart of what we be try to build here : a self - help society . each of we have to decide for himself . as for I , I suppose I think , really , that if the bastard be go to suck we dry , I would like to get in a couple of good leave - hander before I turn the other cheek . salladin but who will rent to we ! surya cluck he tongue and shake he head ; everyone assume he be prepare a heat refutation of the resister . his sigh , though , have be a building commitment . ( continued ) 73 . continued : surya I have a property I will rent you for two hundred rupee a month , and not a rupee less . as for protection ... you be on you own . many of the face be uncertain -- hasari 's notable among they . montage - int . / ext . cowsh - day a ) two cow be shooe out of the ramshackle building as bustling activity on the new clinic begin . Cleaning the place . debris be tear out , hurl into a pile in the street . B ) Said , with the strength of three man , hold up a heavy beam while hasari try to secure it . Max , hot , smelly , and hat the place , stand in the middle of the room , wishing he be elsewhere . the beam start to slip . Max leap to hasari 's side . C ) we see that Max and hasari be throw together again in some carpenter task in uneasy camaraderie . a finger poke Max on the back . he turn to find poomina hold out two cup of tea . D ) the whole group share a meal , prepare under the direction of selima , though the leper remain separate from the normal . anouar lead the leper in sing a song . Joan and margareta pick it up , as do several other of the normal . E ) equipment from the old school / clinic be move from the square down here . F ) Max and aloka do one of that dance where two people with arm load try to go around each other . finally he say he will stand still and she should go around he . they both laugh . hasari watch . G ) as Max put medicine into a cabinet , Ram peek in , nod he approval , " helpfully " pass Max something Max can reach just fine himself , show Max a enormous hole in he short and hit Max for ten rupee . h ) a small truck carry a charitable organization 's logo on the side be be unload of powder milk and various other thing . ( continued ) 74 . continued : I ) upstair and stairwell hasari and Max move the last cot upstairs and into place beside a window that will come into play at the end ( it look down on the street ) . hasari nod to Max , indicate he should look . j) there Pov everyone gather as shanta and ashish put a banner above the door : " you be invite to the festival of this world and you life be bless . " the assemblage applaud and embrace . k ) upstair hasari smile at Max , bring he hand together , but do not embrace the doctor . ext . clinic - night everyone linger , adult and child . Max play he trumpet , accompany surya on he zither . manooj hover over Max . manooj Doctor Big brother , be not you go to smoke you evening cigar ? Max point at he trumpet , continue play . manooj please . Max indicate he pocket . manooj take out a cigar and a clip . clip the cigar , hold it out to Max , who indi - cate manooj should light it , and keep play . manooj look at hasari , who nod . shambu hold a match to it . everyone watch as if this be a major event . manooj take a puff , choke , offer the cigar to mehboub , who take it , puff , pass it . everyone relax , enjoy the peacefulness of the smoking and the aroma wafting upward . Ram tap at Max 's elbow . ram it have come to I tonight to write a letter to my wife . Ram produce a mangle one piece letter -- envelope . ram please . ( continued ) 75 . continued : he thrust the paper at Max . Max take a pen from he pocket . max okay -- shott . ram yes -- what be the word -- that word -- when land be water ... with canal ? max " irrigation " ? ram yes , yes , that word , I want that word in the letter . Max look at he , nod , wait . Ram stare at Max ; wait . max well ? ram well ? max what would you like to say to you wife ? ram I do not know , Max daddah . if I know what to say to my wife , I would never have leave home . everybody laugh , though Ram 's remark hit Max on a deeper level . manooj slide in beside he . manooj why do you have to go home , Doctor babu ? aloka because he do not live here , manooj . this be not he home . a look between Max and aloka ; hasari 's eye flick at both of they ... as aloka 's eye come to hasari . the cigar reach Ram . as Max start to write , Ram take a large puff and blow a huge ring out of he mouth . we follow it . 76 . above a whole row of face on rooftop enjoy the cigar . this as we : dissolve to : ext . GREEN acre - through rickshaw wheel - day through the wheel we see Max come briskly out of the hotel carry he doctor 's bag . he 's meet by the sight of hasari between the shaft of he rickshaw and anouar and meeta perch on the seat . max on no ! leper ! leper in my neighborhood ! anouar sshh ! Doctor Big brother , please , we be pretend not to be leper . max oh , oh , I do not get the concept -- of course , not leper . I think you be go to fool a lot of people . I have only one question : why be you here ? anouar we have come to take you to the dispensary in grand style on this special day , have not we , hasari ? hasari yes . max na , I will just trot alongside hasari . hasari no , please , get in . Max climb into the rickshaw beside the two leper and hasari pull away . anouar meeta 's very excited by this ride through Calcutta . you see , she 's never be sightseeing before . meeta , of course , be blind . Max , hasari , anouar laugh . max you be incorrigible , anouar . ( continued ) 77 . continued : anouar yes , yes , I know , thank you very much . as the rickshaw disappear into the sea of people and vehicle , we hear anouar and Max laughing . ext . side STREET - day margareta , manooj , shambu , shoba , several other kid and , at the end of the line , poomina , all carry water on they head toward the City of Joy . suddenly , someone whisper to poomina . one of ashoka 's thug . she glance after margareta and the other kid who be turn a corner and step into : alleyway where ashoka wait . ashoka you take that to the clinic ? ( as she nod ) you like it there ? ( as she nod ) and they love you smile , do not they ? she 's fearful now and do not respond . he grab she , the water pitcher crash to the ground , he put he knife into she mouth and lay she face open on both side with he knife . ext . CITY of joy - day aloka come toward we lead a group of leper . and stop . her hand go to she mouth . there Pov - clinic - from distance two hundred normal people line up outside the gaily be - deck dispensary -- many mother with small child in they arm . shanta see aloka , gesture to indicate the incredible turn -out . the normal at the end of the line turn to look at the approach leper . leper woman it be too beautiful to believe . ( continued ) 78 . continued : as if indeed she be right , they path be suddenly cut off by the goonda and a commando of thug , armed with stick and iron bar , back up by a group carry banner with slogan proclaim in Hindi , urdu , English : " we do not want leper here ! " there 's a sudden uneasy silence . behind the thug a short distance be the policeman who harass Max earlier and another cop . Joan hurry forward . goonda good morning , sister to the poor . joan yes , Mr. bhose ? goonda that people be not come into this neighborhood . joan they be go to be treat at the dispensary . you have no right to stop they . another angle hasari arrive with Max , anouar , and meeta . joan go ahead , aloka , take they inside . the goonda put he hand on aloka . the policeman in the b.g. keep they distance . joan take you hand off she , you waster ! Joan be seize by a sudden fury and grab the goonda . he grab she much harder . Said growl and push forward . several thug turn , step in to neutralize he . Joan elbow the goonda and tire to westle free of he . as a reflex he raise he hand . and as he do , it 's seize . another angle Max ( with hasari in the b.g. , confuse , confict ) . Max sling the goonda against the side of a truck . goonda that be a mistake , Doctor . ( continued ) 79 . continued : max the mistake 's yours , putz . ( to aloka ) get this people inside . aloka start forward , lead the leper . she 's stop by a sudden blow from the goonda 's stick across she shoulder , knock she to the ground , bleed from the neck . hasari bolt for he wife , get catch up in the melee . Max swing around on the goonda and for the first time we realize how strong he be , and that he know how to box . the goonda go down and violence erupt . anouar be chopping at the leg of one of the thug work on Said . the massive Said tear free and start to beat the crap out of the two thug hold he . the noise bring everyone out of the square , that line up at the clinic , the child from the school . sunil come fly out of the clinic . a stampede of that wait outside the dispensary and that normally in the crowded alley ensue . shanta run inside for help . shopkeeper barricade they shop window . one of the thug pour gasoline over anouar and light a match . hasari kneel beside aloka when he see the match ignite the tiny leper . without think , hasari hurl himself on top of anouar , roll he in the dirt and against he own body to put out the flame . Joan shout , demand the violence stop . she 's hit from behind ; she decide talk be not go to do it . she grab a piece of lumber and start to fight . angle on dispensary a explosion in the doorway , scatter anyone who remain in the area of the dispensary doorway , badly wound mehboub . more people with stick . hasari go down under several body . Max reach aloka , help she up , send she toward the clinic . he tear a attacker off of hasari and they fight back to back a moment . a second explosion near they ... and through the smoke Max see ... 80 . another angle ashoka astride he motorcycle , behind he dark glass , with more thug , this with molotov cocktail and pick - axe , ready to raze the clinic and school and the surround neighborhood . sunil drag mehboub inside . people chant : " White monkey , go home ! White monkey , go home ! no leper here ! no leper here ! " the thug cock they iron bar and brick and molotov cocktail . Max pick up a iron bar of he own and start for ashoka . suddenly , there 's a detonation follow by a blast of air so fierce , Max be throw to the ground . a bottle of gasoline have exploded just behind he . he 's envelop in smoke . a assailant bear down on Joan with a cutlass . as the assailant be about to strike , hasari seize the attacker and hurl he backward . ashish step in and slashes the assailant with he own weapon , startling , even repelling hasari . from all over the lane , young fighter have come and join the fray , not bother to choose side but merely enjoy the release . hasari lunge for a woman under attack by a boy , arrive too late to stop the boy from plunging he knife into the woman 's belly . hasari fight he way to the woman , but she stagger into the mob . Max knock down one of the thug only to have another hand grasp he shoulder . he turn , fist cocked to find poomina , she hand hold she face together . slowly , she take hand away . the side of she face have be laid open . Max sweep she up in he arm , head for the clinic . max oh , little girl , little girl ... Joan be suddenly beside ashoka . joan we will pay ! all right then , so by all mean , protect we ! ashoka raise a hand , the goonda blow a whistle , and the fight stop as suddenly as it begin . the com - batant be breathe heavily . there be silence but for the groan and cry of the wounded and grieve . ashoka in a world such as ours , everyone need protection . for the fee we discuss , from this day forward , I can assure you nothing like this will happen again . ( continued ) 81 . continued : a beat ... saladdin be at Joan 's shoulder . ashoka point a finger at hasari . ashoka you . I warn you about the company you keep . he revs he motorcycle and screech away , leave hasari stare after he in he dust . int . courtyard - day people peer in through every open . mehboub 's chest be bandage . sunil squeeze through the pack courtyard and hallway , ashish carry a wounded woman behind he . hasari step into a doorway , we with he . int . examining room - max , aloka , poomina Max , blood crust on she face , suture poomina 's awful facial wound as aloka prepare a compress . aloka will she ... her face , will it ... max if she 's very careful and do not do anything to open the wound , the scarring will be minimal . ( to poomina ) do you understand ? you can not ... you have to stay here . ( to Joan ) you make she stay here . joan I will try . max do not goddamn try , Joan ! goddamn do it ! poomina peer through she pain at Max , he hand put she back together . max ( a litany ) I hate this place , I hate this place , I hate this place . Max look at the doorway and he lock eye with hasari . Max break the contact . hasari stare at he as we hear the godfather 's music on the radio . 82 . ext . godfather' courtyard - hand and pencil - day a hand tap , tap , tap against a ledger . courtyard ashoka sit behind a little table , pick absently at he face . the goonda be slouched near the table , smoking a cigarette and fiddling with a thin switch . ( it 's dif - ficult for he to show ashoka the respect he inherite position give he . ) the goonda have a bruise under one eye from he altercation in the City of Joy yesterday . the air be fill with the muffled sound of the STREET . from here , we can see the evermore enfeeble godfather in he " throne room , " wrap in a cashmere , listen to the radio . ashoka look up , stare impassively at someone . ashoka well . what have you get to say ? another angle for the first time , we see who ashoka 's speak to . hasari I tell they that you father provide we with a great deal and that -- ashoka slam he hand on the register . ashoka from this minute , you be off the list ! you will leave you rickshaw here ... where it will be reserve for a man who deserve we trust . he stand up . hasari be near tear . hasari please , babu , this be as if the ground have open up . I have to speak to Mr. ghatak ! hasari start for the house . the goonda stop he and , quickly , have hasari on he knee , he arm twisted pain - fully behind he back . ashoka jump at hasari , grab he ear . ashoka my father 's ill ! you be speak to I ! ( continued ) 83 . continued : hasari I have a family ! ashoka the decision be make . I have make it . now get out before I have Mr. bhose break you leg . he give hasari 's ear a vicious twist and slam he head against the table . ext . godfather' house - day the side gate open and hasari be shove out . stumble , he run to the fence , peer through . two man be pull he rickshaw into the courtyard . hasari watch as a steel shutter be pull down , cut he livelihood from sight . angle through bar - hasari numb , compromise , defeat . perhaps the low point of he life . int . clinic - joan be room - " raft of medusa " - night flicker candlelight illuminate the " raft of Medusa . " Max rail at Joan . max I just do not ... I do not want to ... I do not want to care ! I do not want to care this much ! I just do not want to be invest in you people . in people ! I become a goddamn doctor because my goddamn father want I to be a goddamn doctor because he be a goddamn doctor ! he be the goddamn king of doctor ! it 's too goddamn hard ! out of breath , out of word , Joan reach out and take Max to she , bring he beside she on the cot . beneath the " raft of Medusa , " she sit with a arm around Max , as if he be she son . joan not everyone 's cut out for this . you do the best you could . better than many . it 's all right . ( continued ) 84 . continued : max I do not do the best I could ! I do what I always do ! I shot my big mouth off and do a half - ass job . and what I want to do now be I want to go back to America and make money and live a life without entanglement and demand and people hang on I . joan ( a beat ) you know , the fact be from the minute we be bear we be shipwreck . some see that as a lifetime of drown , of fear , other only to endure , but to triumph . it 's all in the individual spirit , be not it ? max get it : to run , to spectate , to commit . ( raise he hand ) running spectator . joan then , by all mean , go home , Max , and go with my bless and my eternal friendship . the candlelight flicker against they as they sit side by side . neither speak . ext . ram be hut - tea shop - night at the tea shop , a group relive the day 's event . the child sleep . aloka sit outside , worried about hasari . Max come out , meet aloka 's eye and look away . she 's hear the conversation . hasari , drunk , come down the slope . face to face with Max . hasari they take away my rickshaw . aloka 's hand fly to she mouth . hasari peer at Max with he drunken gaze . it 's a terrible moment for Max , but ... ( continued ) 85 . continued : max so what do you want I to do about it -- get it back for you ? Max take away a step . stops. max I be sorry . I be go home . because this be not my fight . I get one person to look after -- I . hasari stare at Max . on the roof , the child listen . at the tea shop , the late- night talker listen . max all right , I be run out , okay ? because I be a coward , this be I , this be what I do , I get in over my head , I let people down , I run . hasari but I trust you . max well , that be you goddamn mistake ! Max walk away , leave hasari desolate . aloka come to he . hasari I do not know how I be go to pay the rent , how we be go to eat . aloka we have what be save for amrita 's dowry . the think of use the dowry be yet another awful blow to hasari 's hope . hasari the child must leave the school ; they will have to work . and you will not have anything to do with the clinic or that people anymore . Ram join they . ram what I earn be yours , too . ( continued ) 86 . continued : hasari you can not support all of we . you have a family in you village , too . hasari touch he friend and go into : int . ram' hut alone in he pain , he spot he tea caddy in which he plant he seed over a month ago . he bend over to tenderly touch the grow shoot and water the earth . he look up and the three child be stare at he . what will they father do now to keep they alive ? int . blood dispensary - close on hasari be arm - day the needle injected , hasari 's blood flow into a bottle . another angle hasari seat on the stool , watch he blood leave he body , he face again break out in perspiration . he Pov - rafik wait . back to scene - hasari his face immobile , he thought distant . the attendant start to pull the needle out . hasari stop he hand . hasari take more . the attendant shake he head . hasari take more . the attendant look at Rafik , who shrug , nod ... and allow the blood to flow on out of hasari 's body . ext . blood bank - day barely ambulatory , hasari start down the street , but have to stop , lean against a wall . through he woozy haze , he think he see a apparition . 87 . another angle there , in the entrance to a building , be gangooly . see a potential victim , he swoops in . gangooly not well , brother ? hasari still steal from refugee ? gangooly look at hasari , recognize he , and give he a amazing smile . gangooly well , yes , I remember you , of course -- hello ! I be delighted to see you -- yes . and tell I immediately , please -- you little family , you beautiful child , everyone eat , yes . come , have a cup of tea or a little something stronger , we must celebrate . gangooly start to move , to position himself for a get - away . hasari block he egress , unsmile . gangooly ah , well , you be angry at I , yes , I wonder if that be still on you mind -- I be full of regret about that , yes , even a little torment . what can I say ? I have the spirit of a eagle trap in the body of a crow . hasari I be touch . gangooly my friend , I be lame and I be poor . do that mean that I should not survive ? huh ? when a man be struggle in a rough sea , he clutches onto what he can or he drown . you do not look so well . hasari I lose my rickshaw . gangooly give hasari a appraise look for a moment , then ... ( continued ) 88 . continued : gangooly ach ! I have a offer . no , listen ! shiva be my witness , you must at least think about this . please , I can help ... or my name be not Mr. gangooly . hasari which , fortunately , it be . ext . STREET - moving shot - day gangooly guide hasari onward . gangooly remove the child from the school -- no , why ? when you , the father , can make a small sacrifice . nature have foreseen you plight . for she have give you two eye , yes , and two kidney . but . to live , you have need of one only . I have a friend who sell he kidney -- this one -- and now -- believe I , this be the truth -- he life in a brick home ... which he own . that smile . ext . skeleton warehouse ( mitra &amp ; CO . exporter ) - juda door - day a forbid face appear at the grill , stare out . int . skeleton warehouse - day hasari and gangooly enter . a repulsive smell almost make hasari gag . gangooly take hasari 's arm and steer he through the gloom . hasari discover the origin of the smell . a line of skeleton arrange along the wall . tables stack with bone : skull , spine , rib cage , hand and foot . each skeleton sport a label with a price in U.S. dollar . crouched among the bone and pack crate be man work - ing . some smoke , some have mask over they face . they scrape and clean and decorticate . they skillfully assemble they grisly creation , emotionless but like artist . 89 . Pov - manager' office - day through a dusty , glass , interior window , we see , almost in mime , the manager examine hasari . int . manager' office with a smile , the manager produce some papers . hasari shake he head , start for the door . gangooly stop he . gangooly of course , take some time , think about it . people all over the world , anxiously wait , willing to pay . 15,000 rupee for a kidney . 25,000 for a eye . gangooly wink , peer at hasari with a single eye , and smile . int . / ext . taxi - road to airport - day heat haze on the road . as we focus , we find Max , Joan , aloka , also with they thought . Joan gaze out the window of the taxi . Max look at the back of Joan 's head a moment , then look at aloka , who sit between they . she deflect he eye forward . joan hasari have forbid she to have anything more to do with we . he would be very angry if he know she be see you off . Max look at Joan . look out the window . int . airport - departure area - wide shot - day first we see joyous people greeting arrive passenger ; parent greet a young man return from college abroad . the way clear and we close in on Max , Joan , and aloka , a tiny island in this sea of people at the moment of they parting . Max empty all the money out of he pocket . max this be for poomina . when I get home ... he thrust the money on Joan and Max offer he hand ; she go through the hand to embrace Max . then Max and aloka look at each other . ( continued ) 90 . continued : aloka you do good thing . ( choke up , but manage ) thank you for come to we country . and now Max head out the door . int . cafeteria - aloka and joan - day sparsely populate . they sit in isolation at a table over a cup of tea . joan it 's not like he 's royalty or anything , so I be not persuade we have to wait for the plane to actually take off . aloka no . we should go . yet , they remain another moment ... then get up . Joan put she arm around aloka and they turn to go . the look on they face suggest they have come face to face with something startling . angle on door Max . stand inside the departure doorway . max what be that three choice again ? they face . and he with just a wistful version of he old grin ... and we -- fade out . fade in : ext . compound - day hasari return . go into Ram 's hut . int . ram be hut - day he find he family ... and Max . the two man stare at each other . ( continued ) 91 . continued : max I need aloka at the clinic . ( as hasari stare ) all right , they , the patient , need she . she 's a good nurse . ( as hasari stare ) come on , man , this be between you and I . why take the kid out of school , why punish you wife ? hasari hold he anger in ; he move to a mat and lie down , he back to Max . but Max do not go . max I have a little money , I can get it from the States ... hasari it 's not a question of money . we will survive on we own . that 's it . hasari lie with he back to Max . after some moment of silence , aloka indicate Max should go . and he do . after another moment ... aloka maybe he 's right . the clinic be for everyone and if I be need -- hasari bolt up , a look of anger on he face we have never see . hasari no ! I be you husband and you will do as I say ! unless , of course , you have become a american wife and then you will do as you please ! hasari stay away from they . they be not part of we . they will only be good to you as long as you please they . the child , aloka be freeze , she very close to tear . hasari lie back down , again turn he back on they . ext . leper colony ( dawn ) - day the small colony alive ; a line of patient outside a door . 92 . int . room - day Max unwrap a bandage from a leper 's partial limb . look around for aloka . she 's not there . Said be act as he nurse . point at he instrument . max Hand I the scissors , please . helpfully Said hand he the tweezers . max scissor , scissors . he demonstrate . Said fumble through the instrument , pick up the scissors by the end . max not that end -- no , that 's fine , thanks , I have get it . ext . leper colony - day Max come out with he last patient . anouar wait . anouar Max daddah , you be finish ? ( Max nod ) follow I . anouar take off down the lane and disappear quickly into a little building , Max follow . int . tannery - day Max follow anouar past bubbling cauldron and heaps of animal skin . the place stink fiercely . anouar and Max exit into ... a SMALL yard two young man ( the two puller chomotkar and ramatullah ) ... and something cover with a tarp . max you do not steal this . ramatullah the police , sahib , they steal it . we steal it from they . ( continued ) 93 . continued : the puller whip the tarp off . a batter rickshaw , the spring poke out of the seat , the break wheel lie in the body , the finish scar and gouge , one shaft break . max how much ? ext . square - day Max come into the square . aloka and selima be pre - pare meal . manooj , shambu , and three other boy play . Ram be try to jolly hasari , who 's deep in he own reverie . Max stand in front of hasari . max I would like to show you something . just take a minute . a beat as hasari fix Max with a empty stare and the family wait to see if hasari will respond . max go ahead . go on . ext . courtyard and storage shed - clinic the sound of a padlock be unlocked . dark screen . Light flash . Max and hasari appear in the doorway . surprise by the light , a few rat scurry off . some - where a dog bark . slate , shaft light . he indicate a corner . the rickshaw pile up in its ruin . max I be good with my hand . you be good with yours . what do you say ? hasari look at Max , part resentful , part touch . hasari if I be to go on the street with this machine , I would end up in a gutter with my throat cut . ( continued ) 94 . continued : max well , it 's yours if you want it . you know the license , the cop , all that can be fix . you will own this -- it will have nothing to do with the godfather . hasari Doctor daddah , I be just a small man . do not try to tempt I again with big thought . hasari start to leave . Max block he way . max you do not want I to quit . well , I come back . hasari but can you be trust ? max I hope so . hasari can see the hope and desire in Max 's face . after a moment , Max step aside . hasari bend he head and make off . leave Max and a small sigh of disappointment . ext . latrine - fountain - aloka - day ( dawn ) she take she morning absolution , bathing in the foun - tain . the process be extremely sensual , though there be not even a glimpse of she nakedness as she move she clothing around , cleanse this area , then that . she glance up to see ... another angle Max , in a indian shirt , head for the square ; rather naturally , he bring he hand together in the indian salutation . he carry several bottle of distil water , a large value pack of bar soap , and a carton of medical supplies . as he pass , he eye hook on aloka 's . he lift a hand in greeting . after a moment , she duck she head . he turn and continue on come face to face with Ram , a enormous smile on he face . with he , hasari . he glance at he wife in the water . max ( to hasari ) go to look for work ? ( continued ) 95 . continued : when hasari do not answer ... ram yes , he be . Ram have a small cough fit . max be you take you medicine ? ram yes , yes , but look at this . he point at the wheel of he rickshaw ; the rim be crack . scornfully , hasari walk on . Max and Ram glance after he . Max dig out several rupee . Ram take they and go . Max look after the two man as they disappear . when he turn ... another angle ... he find himself face to face with aloka . without a word , they start walk side by side toward the square . it 's several second before she say ... aloka he 's very proud . they walk on in silence -- two friend , separate by a gulf . ext . dock - from the gate - day Men move like ant into the bow of the ship . hasari be lock out , turn away without work . ext . metro construction site - day a huge gouge in the black mud , sunlight stream through steel girder across it . hasari emerge from the ground , look for someone . stop he . the foreman shake he head , no , before hasari even have the chance to ask for work . ext . skeleton warehouse - extreme closeup - hasari be face - day then we see he 's stand outside mitra &amp ; Co. , stare at it , wonder if it 's time to sell part of himself . no ! we see on he face a look that tell we he will not be beat . 96 . ext . clinic - courtyard - day the street child 's school now take up two room . Children peer out of one room now as , to the accompani - ment of surya 's zither , twenty or so girl be do some indian classical dance , under the eye of a young indian teacher . across the way , in the other room , some child be translate bengali word into English . a boy be write on the board . it 's manooj . we see that shambu be in the same class . int . examining room from behind , we watch Max take a wrapping off of poomina 's wound , Joan assist he . indeed , ashoka extend poomina 's smile on either side of she mouth . the scar be heal as nicely as could be expect . Max do a fine job . max you must have have a good doctor . still no run , jump , pick up anything heavy . and you stay here . you be go to help sister Joan and you be go to school . do you understand ? a beat , poomina nod . but now a look of abject fear come over she face . the goonda stand in the doorway . Max begin sing " sweet Little sixteen . " the goodna stare impassively at Max . the goonda time to collect the rent , sister . joan of course . come with I , please . Joan leave , follow by the goonda . Max work care - fully at the fine line of scabbing on poomina 's scar ... but then something take he attention . across the courtyard manooj , with a small tin of food , look this way and that ... and then sneak into the shed . ext . shed - day we hear a , tap , tap , tap . the door be half open . the padlock be hang on its chain . Max open the door . 97 . int . storage room startle , frighten , hasari press himself against the wall , as do manooj . hasari be wear a wet dhoti , catch in the middle of straighten the wheel rim of the old rickshaw . hasari Close the door ! Max be very surprised but , needless to say , pleased . he look at the rickshaw , look at hasari . hasari Close the door . the godfather have more eye than a pineapple . Max quickly close the door . the half light be break by thin beam of light that dance with dust . hasari study Max a moment , then move to put the first wheel on . instinctively , manooj move to he side , take hold of the rickshaw so hasari can slip the wheel on . hasari nod and go for the other wheel . manooj move around to the other side , heft the carcass . hasari slip on the second wheel . hasari look at Max . Max bring he hand together and start to go . hasari I be say to manooj that if a man bow down too many time , there will come a day when he will no longer be able to stand upright . the two man look at each other ... and then hasari get on with he work . max I promise manooj and shambu I would take they to the movie . be it all right ? hasari ( a beat ) if a man make a promise ... Max brin he hand together and start for the door . hasari pick up one of the wear seat board . int . movie theater - night we be tracking with a move bag of peanut behind a row of boy 's head . on the screen in front of they , a " meki - eval era " sword battle between the great Kumar kapur and a legion of bad guy . ( continued ) 98 . continued : we hear the sound of cracking nut as we move from manooj to three kid we have see in the neighborhood ( two boy manooj 's age and shoba , who 's shambu 's age ) and then to shambu , each kid dip into the bag in he turn . finally : Max 's ( and on the other side of he , amrita and poomina . ) the bag arrive ... empty . max ( whisper ) thanks , guy . who want to go for more peanut ? no one . we be talk about rapt attention . we hear nut cracking . Max smile . ext . STREET - near CITY of joy - night Max and the boy walk home after the movie , the boy dance around each other , act out the fight sequence , all of the sword - fight against Max , who battle they all over the street , in and around car , poomina and amrita look on shyly , as El Max fight to save they honor . manooj I can not decide if I want to be Kumar kapur or a doctor . max ha ha ! you can be both ! manooj pal , swashbuckle physician ! manooj you be so much fun , El Max . I wish my daddy be as much fun as you . Max stop the fight , take manooj by the shoulder . max I wish my father love I like you father love you . you dad 's a very special man . and now , en garde ! as the battle continue , the bright beam of a truck come at they . max time out , man . off the street till this truck pass . ( continued ) 99 . continued : the kid move toward the wall of the building they be pass , but the truck seem to turn toward they , seem - ing not to intend to pass , but to hit they . the look on Max 's face let we know he sense something terrible be in the off here . he shout for the kid to get out of the way , shove the kid close to he into a doorway . he turn to shambu , who 's behind he , call to he . but in a panic , shambu do not move into the shelter of the building on he right ... but try to run across the street . Max leap for the little boy too late ... as the truck just miss Max and clip shambu hard , send the little boy fly . ext . square - night manooj run ahead of everyone as he charge into Ram 's hut , cry for he father . behind manooj come the other , Max carry shambu in he arm . hasari and aloka , Ram , Joan , other in the square hurtle out of they hut . max I can not do anything here . he 's get a compound fracture , he hemorrhage . we have get to get to a hospital -- now ! joan you will never get a taxi at this hour . ext STREET - hasari be feet - day ( early evening ) he pound along , the wheel wobble and squeaking , urging people out of he way . Max run alongside hasari . aloka sit on the seat with shambu , whose quiet moan fill she ear . blood drip down the rickshaw . ext . park STREET - from the rickshaw - day several taxi wait for client outside a row of restaurant . hasari and aloka watch as Max argue with the driver . they will not take a bleed passenger . same STREET - moment later the race to the hospital continue . 100 . ext . medwar pine memorial hospital - night the arrive at the gate of the huge , victorian hospital . people sleep outside the gate . int . hospital - corridor - side room - day the ward be full , as be the corridor . patient on bed and stretcher everywhere . most have at least one member of they family to look over they . in a side room , Max be argue with a porter who tell he he can not help he . Max slap some rupee into the porter 's hand , tell he to take he to the person in charge . shambu be fade . aloka smooth the sweat from he brow , try to keep shambu alive by force of will and love . then Max be back , stand over she with another man . it may take a moment before we recognize the attendant from the blood Bank . max they will admit he , but we have to pay for the blood . I give he all I have . he want more . do you have anything ? aloka sister Joan give I this . aloka hold out a fistful of rupee . the attendant blow through he lip , indicate it 's a paltry sum . Max grab the money and shove it at the attendant . max we have not get any more ! the attendant do not move ... until he see Max be about to explode . max if this child die while you stand here , I will kill you . the attendant be smart enough not to push any further . max now , I need a x-ray room and I need a o.r. nurse . attendant not possible . you can not give care , you be a american . you must be a indian doctor . ( continued ) 101 . continued : max then take I to one ! as Max take flight with the attendant , aloka stroke shambu and hasari hover . we close in on shambu 's inanimate face and hold a moment . another angle Max hurtle down the corridor with a young intern in tow . almost a kid , he 's be up for day . but he 's go to help . intern this way , please . Max scoops shambu up and rush down the corridor behind the intern , leave hasari and aloka look after he . his arm come around she shoulder . ext . hosptial - day ( dawn ) hasari and aloka wait . people be start to move about . hasari you be my wife , aloka , you and my child be all my wealth . but if Max daddah and Big sister Joan have need of you , you may go to they . Max come out of the hospital . the two pal stare at he . max we pin he leg . couple of month , he will be better than ever . they want to keep he today . we be a good team . gimme five . he smile , hold out a palm for they to slap . they look at the palm , unsure what this mean . yet , each take Max 's hand . ext . clinic - courtyard - day the whole community be here , around the tree . ( continued ) 102 . continued : joan I do not think it be a accident . I think they be aim for Max . so , what we have to ask ourselves be whether he presence be endangering all of we . anouar even from my low vantage point , I know this : it 's the son . he 's mad . hasari Max daddah be we friend . if they be try to harm he , then they be try to harm all of we . we must stand by he as one . int . shed - close on two paintbrush - night dip into a little box of paint . the boy look on as the two man paint a intricate design on the shaft . shambu sit in the rickshaw seat . he wear a ankle to hip cast . manooj be spelling word and urging shambu to follow suit . aloka be put out a tray of food . Ram , ramatullah , and chomotkar slip in , quickly close the door . the two puller focus on the rickshaw , Ram on Max . ram Doctor daddah , please , very important , only one moment . max this be go to cost I every rupee I do not make today . Ram thrust a envelope into Max 's hand . max a letter from you wife . Ram nod nervously . Max look at the postmark as he slice it open with a finger . max this be postmark six week ago . ram so ? ( continued ) 103 . continued : max so , what have you be do -- incubate it ? ram I be afraid . Ram wait , he hand twist each other . max ' my dear husband ... ' ram oh that 's very hopeful so far ! max ' you word bring tear of joy to my arid eye . ' ram oh , I be in love ! my word bring tear to she arid eye ! ( then fearful ) what do that mean -- arid ? manooj throw he hand up . manooj I know ! dry. max correct . her eye be dry , you letter irrigate they . ram aaah ! he snatch the letter , crush it to he heart . notice the finish work on the rickshaw . chomotkar this be a puka nasgar . what a curse that you can not use it . hasari I be go on the street tomorrow . this get everyone 's attention . the puller shake they head , they be worried for he . max listen . I do not want you to think I be crazy , but I do not think that truck be a accident . ( more ) ( continued ) 104 . continued : max cont 'd ) I think ashoka be after I . you can bet he will be after you too . hasari I be go to speak to he father . max can I go with you ? I will go with you . can I go with you if I shut up ? a beat ... and hasari give he a small nod . ext . godfather' house - day ghatak be literally carry out of the house by a orderly and place into he car . there 's a driver and there be the goonda . they start down the street . we be with the car . suddenly , the driver slam on the brake and from : another angle we see hasari and Max block the street with the new rickshaw . the goonda jump out of the car , come threateningly at hasari . hasari babu , please , I beg you , hear my word ! as the goonda be about to land on hasari we hear a feeble ... ghatak wait . the goonda back off . the godfather wave hasari and Max close . hasari bring he gleam rickshaw to the window of the car , Max at he shoulder . hasari May I say first , babu , I wish you long life and good health . ghatak acha ! they take I now to the scientist . they stick needle in I , take picture of my inside , study they , and then tell I what I know . ( continued ) 105 . continued : the godfather stare at hasari , flick he eye at Max . wait . hasari when you give I work , I swore I would be as you youngest brother . you son think I have be disloyal . he take my rickshaw . with my friend , I have remade this one . I beg you to let I go again onto the street . I have my family . the old man look at the rickshaw , at the obvious care that go into its renovation , at this unlikely team of refurbisher . he reach a shaking hand out toward a shaft . hasari bring it close . the old man rub the shaft . ghatak it be very beautiful . hasari thank you , babu . ghatak if I may say , it have a allure . hasari a allure , babu -- thank you . the godfather stare at hasari , then at Max . ghatak the world be chaos . we struggle to build something permanent , then we body betray we , we son betray we . ( to hasari now ) yes , you may take you rickshaw out . if you can face up to my son . the goonda get back into the car and the car pull away and we be leave with hasari and Max as moment . ext . skeleton warehouse ( mitra &amp ; CO ) - day hasari enter . int . manager' office - day the manager stare at hasari , as he consume a pot of rice and vegetable curry . gangooly hover like a crow . hasari stare at the contract before he . ( continued ) 106 . continued : hasari if a man die and he 's not burn , what do you think become of he soul ? the manager turn he palm up , continue chew . hasari stare through the window at the row of skeleton . hasari I must provide for my family . gangooly oh , it 's a noble fate . if indeed you wheel cease to turn , you will help educate somewhere in this great world a fine doctor . hasari bend to the contract and laboriously sign he name . ext . godfather' house - day hasari arrive to a outcry of anger . there be several dozen rickshaw . among the passersby , we see umbrella , as the people on the street try to combat the incredible heat . hasari what 's go on ? chomotkar the godfather ill ! the son be raise the rent ! ashoka be on he front step with a loudspeaker before a grow crowd of puller . he 's back up by the goonda and a dozen of he thug . the loudspeaker lift ashoka 's voice above the anger . ashoka do you know how much it cost to change the speak in a wheel ? or how much baksheesh I have to pay the police ? impulsively , hasari move forward . cries from puller : " who will be the victim of this madness ? you ? " " Hell no ! " " you do not need the six rupee each old crate bring you per day to fill you belly ! for we , it mean death ! " the street be so pack with rickshaw and puller now that car can not get through . a chorus of horn honk ; driver scream . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ramatullah we have not be break we back between the shaft of we rickshaw in order to weep for you ! hasari continue forward , he eye on ashoka . chomotkar the only thing that matter be the bundle of rupee we take to the munshi each month to feed and to answer the daily need of we child ! rassoul step up on a telagarhi with a loudspeaker . rassoul listn to I ! listen now ! listen to I ! ( when the puller quiet ) Friends ! I ask you to vote for a unlimited strike . inkalabad zindabad ! Long live the revolution ! rickshaw worker Union zindabad ! a strike ? no income at all ? the slogan be take up by a small percentage of the assemblage . fear and doubt on many face . ashoka that 's what I think . all right , get to work ! customer be wait ! on hasari something detonate in he and he jump onto the tela - garhi and grab the microphone from ashoka . Police arrive in van . hasari Friends ! the godfather at least be a caring man ! this one , though , the son -- a signal from ashoka and one of the thug knock hasari down . ( continued ) 108 . continued : ashoka we help this man ! we give he a job , a place to live ! this be how he show he gratitude . get on the street now ! or turn in you machine ! hasari get up and try to speak . hasari Friends -- do not ! if we stand -- he get hit again . a number of the puller come forward and a riot start . the police move in , beat and arrest many of the demonstrator . ramatullah and chomotkar try to help hasari , but they be descend on by cop who hurl they aside and beat hasari senseless until the : screen goe black . fade in : int . bonsal court - day bird fly below ceiling . the room have a bar cage run all around its edge ; the cage be fill to near overflow . hasari stand before the judge , he face cover with blood , he body a mass of aches and welt . at the back of the room , Max and aloka ; elsewhere , ashoka , the goonda , and several of he thug . hasari the life of a rickshaw puller be not one a man would choose if he have a choice . we foot blister and burn up from the boil asphalt , we nose burn from the fume of countless motor car and bus , we back curve permanently from the load we carry hour after hour , day after day . but I be proud to be one of the human horse who carry my countryman from place to place and I be thankful for the opportunity to make a live . but I will not keep silent anymore and I will not be cheat and threaten anymore . life be hard enough . no more . ramatullah start to applaud . rassoul follow suit . the judge bang he gavel . ( continued ) 109 . continued : judge silence ! ( when it 's silent ) this man will be permit to use he rickshaw without let or hindrance . and I will make a restrain order against Mr. ghatak . cheer from the puller . the judge bang he gavel . judge I have not finish this proceedings . for he part in this disturbance , I fine the defendant 50 rupee . hasari fifty rupee , you honor ? that 's -- judge pay at this time or spend seven day in jail ! Seven day in jail will cost he far more than fifty rupee . as he reach into he pocket for he screw of money , a hand suddenly protrude into the cage through the bar . ramatullah hasari ! and now another hand with several rupee reach through . rassoul hasari ! now a dozen voice call he name and a dozen hand reach through the bar with rupee clutch in they fist and press the money into hasari 's hand . the judge , Max and aloka , and certainly ashoka watch this in amazement . the judge bang he gavel . Max turn , shoot a little finger gun and wink at ashoka . close on ashoka on he face , we see pure hatred for this two man . 110 . ext . CITY of joy - day amrita , manooj , and shambu . with they , subash flirt with amrita , incur the wrath and admiration of she brother , cause she to flush . thunder sound . they all look up . rain start to fall . people run outside of workshop and hut , cry , " the rain , the rain . " suddenly , a thunderclap shake the earth and rain begin to bombard they . the rain fall , the wind howl , and people in the lane be dance , praise the beginning of the monsoon season . Men tear off they shirt , woman rush out fully clothed , sing . swarm of naked child run about . the kid run toward the clinic / school . ext . clinic courtyard - day hasari be lock he rickshaw into the shed . staff and several patient come out of the examine room -- Joan , aloka , sunil , anouar , poomina . margareta and she student , a new teacher , bandona , she student come out of the classroom ... they be all sweep up in dance , Joan 's metal cross jump about as if it be beat out time . from he balcony , Max emerge with he trumpet and play the first bar of " singin ' in the rain . " everyone look he way ; he begin to hum and sing as he jump over the balcony to the ground and take off in a wild , impro - vished , but damn good version of gene Kelly 's dance in the rain , bring anouar on he cart in as he dance partner . everyone in the courtyard crowd around they , laugh and encourage the dancer / singer on . the number build to a extraordinary climax with Max slide through mud to a exquisite finish at Joan 's foot . there 's thunderous applause . int . clinic - night rain . Max , the pal , Ram , Joan , anouar , meeta and the baby , poomina , saladdin , mehboub , ashish , shanta , margareta , bandona , and the other member of the commit- tee share a meal . hasari really -- a boyfriend , amrita ? amrita no! amrita whacks manooj . ( continued ) 111 . continued : manooj yes , she do . his name be subash ghosh . his father own the workshop . hasari be there someone you care about ? the look in amrita 's eye tell we indeed there be . hasari smile at amrita and then at aloka . hasari then I must speak to he father and I must complete you dowry . amrita squeeze close to she mother . this be serious and joyous . hasari you will make people sigh at how beautiful you be . and I shall drop tear of joy . ram at my wedding I become so frighten , my father give I thing to drink to calm I down . I go out to piss and fall asleep under the village tree . when I wake I think it be the tree I would marry . I still love that tree . the laugh . but hasari 's attention be on he daughter . he reach a loving hand to she . int . GREEN acre - max's bathroom - tub faucet - night a rag have be wrap around the faucet and water run slowly and silently down into the nearly fill tub . the scene be illuminate dimly by a flashlight with finger over the beam . on max he sleep . suddenly he 's grab , he eye spring open in fear . hand yank he out of bed , slam he up against the wall , then hurtle he across the room and into : bathroom where the tub have be fill . his head be slam down underwater and he 's hold there struggle . ( continued ) 112 . continued : his head be yank up and through bleary eye he see a knife at he throat and the hewbrew letter chai dangle from the knife - wielder 's neck , illuminate by a flashlight . ashoka go home , Doctor . before he can respond , he 's slam down into the tub of water again and hold there until it seem he lung will explode . then he 's dumped backward , gasp for breath . ext . CITY of joy - square - night Max on the run through the rain , carry he belonging . clinic he pound through the puddle , past a sleepy old watchman , and through the gate . int . courtyard - night he bang on Joan 's door . she open the door in she indian pajamas . one look at he ... joan what 's happen ? max ashoka order I to go home . well , I have come home . a beat . she step aside , he step in , and the door close he safely inside . ext . park circus - day the rickshaw station . the rain pour down . people clambor for rickshaw . the line move forward as fast as the puller can take on passenger . hasari , Ram , ramatullah , chomotkar look at the stall bus , the streetcar , the taxi , the private car . chomotkar what a joy it be to survey this disaster ! we will all make a fortune ! ( continued ) 113 . continued : hasari the monsoon be the great durga 's gift to the human horse ! hasari glance at Ram , who be not a part of the joke . hasari what 's the matter ? ram I be wet and I be cold . you daughter be get marry . time be pass . I want to go home to my wife . chomotkar touch hasari , nod across the street . there , we see the goonda and two thug . ramatullah hasari ! it 's hasari 's turn . he can not stay to talk with Ram now . he have to go . marwari # 4 how much to the market ? hasari eight rupee . marwari # 4 what ! I will not pay it ! hasari who else need a ride ? I be available at a price ! several other crowd and shove toward he . marwari # 4 no ! take I -- I will pay , let 's go ! hasari the price just go up ! ten rupee ! in advance . the marwari hesitates only as long as it take he to dig in he soaking wet pants and to slap the bill into hasari 's hand and climb aboard . hasari set out with great difficulty -- and great determination -- through the floodwater , flick he eye at the goonda as he go . 114 . ext . wedding shop - day Water pour down . from here we see hasari inside , put money down in front of the shop owner and then hustling back into the rain and take up he shaft . we watch the owner look after he with a touch of disdain as he come into the window and take down the beautiful green and gold sari . ext . clinic - gutter - night Water pour from above ; the gutter overflow with refuse . we pan up to the clinic . int . clinic courtyard Water pour off the room into the courtyard . hasari lock he rickshaw into the shed and turn out , attention to Max , aloka , Joan , poomina , margareta , mehboub , several other try to patch leak roof tile and keep supplies high and dry . int . clinic room hasari enter . Max look at he , do not like the look of the obviously exhaust man . hasari how can I help ? ext . circular road - fistful of rupees ( running montage ) - day a anglo couple jockey for preference . hasari select they from a crowd . this be the beginning of running montage . a ) he run at we from different direction with rider -- push , push -- the water get higher , we focus variously in normal and slow motion on he foot , he tense muscle ; for a moment , we hear only he breathe , the sound of he foot on the pavement , the rain against the canopy of the rickshaw . B ) he drag up with a entire , well - to - do family of six , pack into the rickshaw . C ) he stumble to a stop outside the emergency entrance to the hospital , carry a mother and she sick child . ( continued ) 115 . continued : D ) a upper-crust brahmin dress in crisp white , a umbrella protect he against the harsh element . E ) four uniform school child huddle , laugh together under the rickshaw 's canopy . int . leper colony - meeta' room - day the rain continue , as do the work in the clinic . Max be work on anouar , aloka assist . meeta and the baby ( now 6 month old ) in the b.g. anouar I think aloka would have a gentler touch than you , Max daddah . maybe she should perform this surgery on she own . aloka duck she eye , embarrassed . max last time you tell I you be more than two woman could manage . anouar yes , but give a choice between one and none , I will accept the one . Max lift anouar off the table and place he on he cart . max okay , you ought to be good for another few day . send in the next patient . anouar scoot out . Max and aloka both turn to the instrument lie on the table and knock a pair of scissors to the floor . simultaneously , they bend to pick it up and bang head . low angle the first impulse of each be to touch the other 's head . but almost simultaneously , they hand freeze short of touch . several month ago , Max might have try to kiss she ; now , though , there be friendship and affection . from here , we see a pair of bare foot . we come with Max and aloka up . 116 . another angle shoba , a deeply concerned look on he face . slowly he hand come forward , hold he parrot , with a break wing . he put the parrot on the examine table . int . post office - day hasari seal a letter and a money order into a envelope , seal , and put it into the slot . he be clearly exhaust . outside he can see two sikh merchant at he rickshaw , look around in the rain for he . he hurry toward the door . hasari here ! I be here ! int . subash's house - night aloka and three woman huddle beside a window , amrita half hide behind they . we pan across a staircase to another window , through which we see a doorway . in the doorway , subash turn to smile a shy smile at amrita ; he shrug . past he now , we see hasari face subash's father and three uncle , surly man with hair matte with mustard oil . the ghosh be all seat on low chair and stool . hasari be stand . int . room - night Mr. ghosh and the uncle stare at hasari , who stand politely and hopefully before they . mr. ghosh ( subash's father ) you be a rickshaw puller , be I correct ? hasari yes , that 's correct . he look at he brother , on either side . they look at he . mr. ghosh and I a partner in the workshop where you daughter be employ . be you aware of that ? hasari yes , yes , I be , my daughter tell I , thank you . ( continued ) 117 . continued : mr. ghosh yes , well then , perhaps you can tell I why I would permit my son to marry you daughter . Mr. ghosh raise he palm . it 's all over as far as he 's concerned . uncle # 1 just a moment , please . the brother huddle , whisper just loudly enough for hasari to hear . uncle # 1 be you say there 's no way you would consider this match ? Mr. ghosh shake he head , shrug he palm . uncle # 1 perhaps some inducement ? would that be of any help ? mr. ghosh ( consider this ) what could he possibly offer ? uncle # 1 probably nothing . but perhaps , in fairness , we should find out . Mr. ghosh shrug . the huddle break . all five man stare at hasari . ext . street - day hasari , mouth half open , fleck with spume , pull a huge marwari . he 's pour sweat , he eye be blood - shot . he have never look more like a horse . they arrive at a cross street . the marwari get down and pay hasari . hasari slump against the rickshaw and , while he await he next rider , count he crum - ple pile of note and coin . ext . clinic - day Max , Joan , aristotle John , margareta , mehboub , perhaps a dozen other try to raise the level of the low wall at the entrance with brick . the wall cave in . other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it . ( continued ) 118 . continued : max ( shouting to the other ) my dear friend , it 's just occur to I what inspire I to stay here . think he 's about to make some cogent remark about this unify effort ... margareta what 's that , Doctor Big brother ? max the opportunity to acquire waterfront property at a reasonable price . Joan begin to laugh ; the other do not get it , query each other as to what 's funny about that . joan I hate to admit it , junior , but that be actually quite witty . she whacks he on the shoulder with a wet , muddy paw . joan ut-nobody laugh ; it 's a natural disaster -- we have guest . everyone turn to ... another angle manubai and ravi , they car park at the entryway to the clinic . a big puddle separate they . max I would throw my cape down , but I be all out of dry cape . he sloshes through the water to they , wiping he muddy hand on he pants . he offer a semi-clean hand to each in turn . max it 's very nice to see you . both of you . ravi we hear you be still here . vijay want to send some thing . ( continued ) 119 . continued : she indicate the car , which be pack with dry food and such . max shall we unload the car ? ravi yes , yes , by all mean . Max whistle , indicate the car . people come and start unload it , ravi show the way , leave Max and manubai alone a moment , aloka flick she eye at the two of they . manubai I be surprised . I really do not think you would stick it out . max people grow older ; sometimes they even grow up . he smile a sweet smile at she . she smile back at he . ext . mud bank - wide shot - day anouar on Said 's shoulder . the big mute run , follow by hasari and a phalanx of rickshaw puller : chomotkar , rassoul , ramatullah - Joan , aloka , manooj , several other in the rickshaw , Max and sunil , each with he doctor bag -- all of they run in silhouette along the embankment in the rain . aristotle JOHN where can we take they ? we can not take they back to the clinic . no one will put up with it . saladdin we can not let they drow , can we ? eh , Max daddah ? ext . leper colony - day the leper colony be submerge . the parent have put they child on the roof and the relatively able - body leper be pile charpoy one on top of another to protect the sick and the infirm . meeta and she baby be on a roof . the mud bank be too slippery to get the rickshaw down and back up . hasari it 's too deep ! ( continued ) 120 . continued : a beat . ext . leper colony - pair muddy , partial hand - same day - some minute later a leper cling to a rope as several of the human horse pull he and other up the mud bank . another angle Max , hasari , rassoul , and chomotkar up to they neck in water ; hasari and rassoul have a door on they shoulder ; on top of the door , a sick leper woman . Max be lift one child , then another onto the door . the two puller make they way slowly toward the mud bank . on mud bank aloka , Joan , help leper into rickshaw . meeta anouar ! anouar Max daddah ! on meeta and baby the hut start to come apart under they . Max and chomotkar quickly move to the house with another door . max we be here ! we be here ! chomotkar hold the door up as meeta hold the baby out in the direction of Max 's voice . Max catch the baby as the house slip down , then grab meeta , who cling to he . ext . mud bank - day hasari pull the lead rickshaw . anouar on Max 's shoulder , the two of they lead a terrible ensemble version of " hound Dog . " a air of festivity among leper and rescuer . they come to a bridge make of two plank over rush water . ( continued ) 121 . continued : several rickshaw go across but as Max and anouar start over , suddenly the ground give way beneath Max 's foot . anouar fall free ; someone grab he ; but a blackish stream rush into Max 's mouth and in a instant he 's sweep beneath the gurgle filth . the density of the filth make he effort to surface ineffective . it look for all the world like he 's go to drow . on other Max have disappear . instinctively , hasari dive into the maelstrom . he , too , disappear . after some moment , hasari surface , spitting the filth out of he mouth . he dive again , come up somewhere else . dive a third time . be down . be down . be down . then suddenly burst out of the filth , drag the unconscious form of Max loeb into the air . more people have gather . cries of : other it 's the doctor . save Doctor Big brother ! aloka pass a baby to someone and help hasari push Max up onto the bank . but now hasari do not know what to do and turn to he wife . aloka quickly clear Max 's mouth and begin to admin- ister mouth - to- mouth resuscitation . she blow , she breathes ; she blow , she breathes . people crowd in . aloka blow , she breathes . it seem , though , that by he stillness and by the look on people 's face that Max be dead . yet , more determine still , aloka go on ; blow , breathes ... close on aloka and max and now Max gag , he body erupt in spasm , and he explode a stream of black liquid out of he lung . aloka support he forehead as Max retch again and then come still . a beat . int . classroom - night we pan across member of we group -- leper and normal -- pass bowl of rice in a simple communal meal , sing a religious song quietly . on the floor in the b.g. , anouar be write something on a slightly damp stretch of cloth with a child 's crayon . Said take the cloth and tack it to the wall . what anouar have write be this , " all that be not give be lose . " everyone in the room stare at the word . 122 . int . clinic - max be room - night Max open he eye to find Joan , hasari , aloka , and the child keep a vigil . max oh , Jesus , the guy go to sleep when he be suppose to be work ? I gotta get up -- he try to get up . Joan push he back down . joan sshh , sshh , sshh ! no heroic , junior . Lay back . you be all right . max all right . ( a distant laugh ) yeah , I be , I be all right . he be a little delirious . the boy come close , kneel at he side , instinctively reach out to he . max want you guy to know something . about I . want to be the world 's great heart surgeon , just one better than my dad . just one . first time I be the lead surgeon on a case , the main guy , I choke . froze . the chief make I step aside . my teacher . have to take over for I . go into radiology . photography . have to have something ' easy . no pressure . be not too nut about myself . quit . hasari reach out and touch Max , tell he with a touch that it 's all right . he stare up through bleary eye at all of they with utterly open love . amrita hold out a small gift to he : it 's a banana leaf , hold a small scoop of rice and surround by little decorative leave . max you people ... you ... ( a beat ) I love you guy . ext . ram be hut - two month later - day a group gather on a dry , sunny afternoon , peer into the hut . we focus on the grow flower in the tea caddy in the window and then go through the window into : 123 . int . pal ' room - day hasari , Max ( dress quite India ) , the local hara giri , Mr. ghosh and the four ghosh uncle cramme into the tiny room . member of we group jam the doorway , spectating . the air be close . hasari I can offer no more than I have offer ! no more ! all right , I will add two dhotis , two vest , and a punjabi . but that 's all . Mr. ghosh light up a bidi , look at he brother , wrinkle he brow at hasari . mr. ghosh that 's all ? do he say that 's all ? hasari my daughter 's quality will make up for what be lack . subash's father well , it will not do ! I be firm in require for my exceptional son the bicycle , 1000 repee ... and one ounce of gold . hasari that 's robbery ! the child of a rajah might be worth that , and I be not even sure of that ! impossible ! we linger on shambu a moment . int . ST . pius school - headmistresses ' office - day sister cecilia , in full habit , look over a sheaf of test score . then she peer up at ... another angle manooj , seat between hasari and Max . sister cecilia well , indeed I think sister Joan be right -- we have get a prospect here . we will start you off with a few class ; if that work out , we will make a proper student of you . ( continued ) 124 . continued : hasari can not believe he ear . manooj sit freeze . Max grin . ext . narrow lane - near CITY of joy - day amrita , subash , and shambu head home from the work - shop . shambu 's cast be go . subash flirt with amrita . they see hasari , Max , and manooj come toward they . manooj run to they , shouting that he 's go to the school ; amrita , subash , shambu congratulate he ... hasari and max suddenly the rickshaw wheel jam . they turn to find two man , one of whom have slam a stick into hasari 's spoke . retribution , it would seem , have arrive . the kid stop , huddle instinctively together in fear . we policeman disappear into a doorway as shutter close up and down this little street . there be thug at both end . no one else be visible on the street . the two man stare at hasari a moment , smile . then one get into the rickshaw , cross he leg as if he might want transport . but now he whip out a narrow blade knife , and still stare at hasari , begin to slice up the newly cover seat of the rickshaw . Max look around , try to cool thing . max hey , come on , do not do this . voice well , what 's the problem here ? they turn , ashoka . behind he , the goonda . ashoka you have become very brave of late , have not you ? max do not do this . ashoka oh , I do what I please . you see , my father 's dead , I be in charge now . so you will get off my street , you will leave my country , and that clinic and school will close . ( continued ) 125 . continued : max why ? ashoka my father be weak . he let you and you european friend give this little people idea . it 's over . max you can not do this ! he take no more than a step at ashoka , a hand come up , when he 's hit hard from behind . go to he knee . max Jesus Christ . his hand come away from the back of he head with blood . he try to rise and be hit again . hasari ( to the kid ) get back ! stay back ! ashoka no , no , come forward . come . ashoka glide toward the petrify amrita . the goonda remain unmove , watchful . ashoka put out he hand with its ring , and stroke amrita 's cheek . ashoka what a little woman already , hey ? hasari please , do not touch she , babu . ashoka what do you say ? hasari I say , please , do not touch she . hasari glance over he shoulder , he eye bounce off the goonda 's impassive face . now , the knife come out of ashoka 's pocket , snap open , glint in the light . ashoka she 's go to give someone a lot of enjoyment . yes . ( continued ) 126 . continued : there 's a moment of unbearable tension as everyone , in - clude the goonda , realize this man be out of control . ashoka ( to the goonda ) he say ' please ' do not he ? ' please , do not touch she ? ' the goonda stare at ashoka ... and now ashoka reach out and we follow close on he hand as it move ever so slowly through space to settle on amrita 's breast . and now hasari explode . he hit ashoka . a hard punch to the chest . ashoka stumble and fall to one knee . the two thug make a move to come to he rescue ... but a curious thing stop they : the goonda 's arm , outstretch across they path , he eye alert they not to proceed . Max lurch to he foot unsteadily . ashoka bhose , help I ! hasari unload a punch into ashoka 's face ; ashoka 's nose pour blood ; he start to whimper . he clutches hasari hard to he . hold he . hasari struggle , slam he palm into ashoka 's chin , send ashoka to the ground , send the knife skid across the ground . hasari grab the knife , straddle ashoka , about to kill . but he can not do it . hasari life be hard enough . no more . leave we alone . hasari back off , lean against a wall , stare down at ashoka , he hand in tight against he body . manooj and shambu stare at they father in awe . shambu see something on the ground where the first blow be deliver to ashoka 's chest . everyone have move slightly to one side . he bend and close he fist around something . the goonda step between ashoka and Max and hasari . goonda you will not be bother again . a look from the goonda and the thug vanish , leave ashoka cower in a doorway on he knee . ( continued ) 127 . continued : shutter start to open , people begin to appear again in doorway and window . fearing for he life , ashoka suddenly bolt . Max be fix on hasari . he let up a scream of exulta - tion , he hand go out for a " five " from hasari . the kid charge toward hasari . then everyone freeze . hasari list to he right side and blood start to pour from the knife wound in he abdomen under he press arm . ext . max be room - upstair balcony - night from here we can see hasari on Max 's cot under " the raft of the Medusa " in the little room overlook the street . out here , the two doctor be alone . max why do not you go on home . I will stay with he . sunil nod . Max grip sunil 's hand strongly . sunil go down the step . Max move to hasari 's bedside . he watch hasari breathe . he look up at " the raft of the Medusa . " int . max be room - night ( several hour later ) a thin stream of dawn light come through the half - close shutter . from here - the balcony through the open door , we can just see Joan , praying quietly . Close around she , anouar , meeta , surya , marga - reta , poomina ... the room beneath " the raft of the Medusa , " hasari pal speak to he family and Max , aloka sit close to the bed , the Children on the bed beside they father , and Max stand close . ( continued ) 128 . continued : hasari a man 's journey to the end of he obligation be a very long road . and you have to remember that you can never give up . we pray that life will bless we , that we will be king , with possession and money that we can rule over all around we . but it 's a mist ; the only thing that make it possible to endure life be we love , one for the other . a beat , the family and Max tightly bound together . and now we hear the dim sound of rickshaw bell . hasari I be dream the sound of rickshaw bell , and now I hear they . Max open the window . manooj help he father sit up . courtyard - there Pov outside , there be rickshaw puller fill the courtyard and spilling out into the street . when the window open , all the puller start ringing they bell and the room be full of they music . hasari be they here for I ? unquestionably , they be . hasari a city so big . when we arrive , we do not have a place to live , a friend . he smile . outside the many hand with they ringing bell . close on window the tiny figure of shambu join Max in the window . Max bend close . ( continued ) 129 . continued : shambu ( whisper ) be my father go to die ? Max make the same sound he make in the ashram at the beginning of the movie , though this sound of dismissal different . max get serious . int . ram be hut - hasari be face - day hasari mirror Max 's expression of dismissal ! hasari get serious ! I have agree to the bicycle , I have agree to the 1000 rupee ! I can go no further . I have nothing more to give ! outside the hut everyone crowded around the door . from within , we dimly hear the negotiation continue . Max approach from the clinic . shambu slip down the step from above as ... max how 's it go ? ram all that stand between they now be the ounce of gold . Max daddah , Joan Di -- be she a good reader ? max what do you mean ? ram she read this letter to I . ( he show Max ) but I think she must have read it wrong . she say my wife write that irrigation have come to we village . max but that 's great . ( continued ) 130 . continued : ram but it mean I should go home to my wife . max I think that 's why we have be write all this letter . ram yes , of course , I love she from here , yes ; but , what if I go home and find I do not love she from there . shambu take he by the hand and tug he quickly to the edge of the tea shop . the little boy indicate Max should bend close . Max lean down . shambu daddy need gold , right ? Max nod . and shambu bring he fist up from under the table . close on shambu's hand he open he hand to disclose what he scoop off the ground during the fight : Max 's necklace and Hebrew letter . shambu do you think this be pretend gold or real ? max and shambu Max stare at the little boy 's hopeful face . int . pal be room - flower we see the fully blossom flower in the tea caddy and then hasari 's finger come into the frame . he carefully snip the flower free of its stalk . another angle amrita be dress in the beautiful sari she father buy she . Father and daughter be alone . he hand she the flower and adjust she veil tenderly . ( continued ) 131 . continued : hasari you never do belong to I . you be only leat to I by God until you marry and continue the wheel of life . amrita stare at she loving father and slowly she arm come up around he neck , the flower against he curve back . tear fill hasari 's eye , but a smile grace he lip . ext . square - day - early evening the procession to the courtyard begin when a brass band strike up , accompany by sing and shouting . tiny light have be strung over the street . we see Max and manubai . margareta and a group of child . Joan with poomina . anour , meeta , Said . everyone who 's become part of the family be present . ext . clinic courtyard - day ( dusk ) the procession arrive and enter . smoke from the chu - las . Light from a half dozen lamp . subash and he procession make they entrance . a ritual veil be fix to subash 's face . the pujari wave for hasari to come to he place . hasari turn to Max . hasari I would be pleased if you would stand with I in the place of honor to the right of my daughter . deeply touch , Max nod ... and the two man step for - ward ... as subash be motion forward by the pujari . subash sit beside amrita . the ceremony a flame . the shyness of bride and groom as the ceremony proceed with the wind of the red thread . hasari look on with unspeakable pride , Max beside he . we see the face of all we family again : aloka , manooj and shambu , Joan , poomina , surya , selima , aristotle John , etc . 132 . the wheel turn . as amrita and subash , join by the thread , circle the flame ... as we pull back and up . now we see the clinic and school and the surround area , the alley full of people and activity . as we continue to pull back , we see the entirety of the City of Joy and then beyond -- Calcutta , its teeming street -- life con - tinuing as the sun set against a infinite sky and we roll end credit . fade out . the end