i _ May 5 , 1994 director : harold becker kristine andersen . 10349 caribou Lane Los Angeles , CA 90077 ext . brooklyn bridge , new york CITY - day a sparkling Sunday morning , abe bauman , 40 , and mendel brown , 60 , be crossing the bridge , harbor traffic on the East River below , car at a minimum on the roadway . the man wear yarmulke and business suit , it be the first day of the week . : mendel «.- so ? abe so what ? mendel so what have you get you head in you hand for ? abe what be you talk about ? my head be high and my hand be -- mendel clammy . abe . you notice ? mendel of course . when we shook . normally you have a beautiful shake , abe , dry and firm . I have to wipe this one off on my topcoat . abe I want to change my life , mendel -- mendel so what else be new ? abe I feel this city be go to explode , the sweater of government be unravel -- mendel you know what the talmud say ? should the sweater unravel , save the yarn . abe I look for knowledge and you give I knitwear . I be talk gun , I be talk corruption , I be talk 2000 shooting a year . mendel you could die from a # 2 needle . abe be you my friend or be you my friend ? my life be come apart . the tissue of government tear -- mendel abe ! abe ! if there be a fault in the garment , examine the cloth . abe pause , consider . abe it all begin with a shoot . mendel I hear you , 's 2000 a year 's . abe ' 165 a month -~- mendel six a day . abe this be one of they -- int . kitchen , east harlem apartment - morning bone , 45 , Black , be fry up egg and sausage and bread , a man who take pride in cooking for he only child , jame , 6 year old , who wait patiently at the kitchen table . abe ( v.0 . ) a Black man with a six - year- old boy ... bone roll the fry pan 's content onto James 's plate . bone now drink you milk and eat that up , we be late . James nod obediently to he father , irrepressibly bone smile , ruffle he son 's hair , the boy dive into he food . a int . detective 's squadroom , 25th precinct , east harlem - morning detective eddie santos , 32 , wear the street clothes of East harlem , jeans and a warm - up jacket , exit the squadroom , pass a couple of other plainclothesmen on a break drink coffee . santos I will see yez later . ext , 25th precinct - morning Santos trot purposefully down the step , stride up the street to the batter , nondescript detective 's chevy park at the curb , jump into one , drive away . int . subway , irt line , bleecker STREET - morning tino zapatti , 21 , a scummy drug-dealer hustle down the step as the rattle of the approach local be hear . he leap the turnstile with a fare - beater 's expertise , stroll into a car just before the door close . ext . corner , 117th STREET and pleasant ave . , east harlem - morning the demarcation line where three ethnic and racial neighborhood meet , Black , Puerto 's rican and@ italian . loll nervously by a lamppost be vinnie zapatti , 25 , a slightly older version of he cousin , but just as scummy and practice the same trade . over he shoulder , vinnie catch sight of Santos 's car pull up to the curb , jump in the passenger side . vinnie he 's on he way . santos -- all set ? vinnie all set . Santos turn he motor off , he eye be glue to the street as he and vinnie wait . int . bone 's apartment house - morning James hurry down the creaky stair in front of he father , almost trip over a untied shoelace . bone e be ’ere . James stop , bone squat on the stair , tie the boy 's shoelace , straighten the book bag on he shoulder , they continue down the stair . ext . 117th STREET subway - morning tino hurry up the step , check he rolex , jaywalk across lexington Avenue . ext . east 117th STREET - morning James hurry to keep up with he father 's 36 - inch -stride , he book bag bounce on he little shoulder . int . santos 's car , 117th STREET , pleasant ave . - morning Santos calm behind the wheel , vinnie beside he , as Santos wait patiently , vinnie chew a nail . ext . corner 117th STREET , pleasant avenue - morning tino , he eye shifting constantly , take in all movement in he line of sight , be pass by bone and he son , James , hurry towards school . vinnie step out of Santos 's car , approach tino from behind . ' on tino and vinnie - morning tino sense somebody come behind he , he glance over he shoulder . tino hey , vinnie . but vinnie suddenly open he stride , hurry past tino . tino ( cont 'd ) hey -- what the fuck you do ? on tino and santos as vinnie disappear around a corner , Santos appear behind tino . : . santos hello , tino -- tino whirl , reflexively pull he .45 from he waistband and start fire , santes , as he go down , manage to draw he .38 . a fusillade of bullet exchange , a scream be hear from across the street as 6 - year~old James bone , catch in the cross -fire , topple inte the gutter . rc silence , a window open , a horn blow , three body lay in various position across the sidewalk and gutter , vinnie nowhere in sight . the only SOUND a low , desperate moan from bone as he crouch over he son . cuT to : int . mayor 's outer office , CITY hall ~ morning a beehive , four secretary , angie , the Mayor 's first secretary , be on the telephone , she peer solemnly through the tumult around she , nod , hang up and dive for the door . int . on angie , CITY hall corridor - morning she run down the long hall , through set of low gate , past a palace guard of Intelligence detective , Reporters , supplicant . . mayor ( v.0 . ) '' ++. we great but unsung Mayor Robert wagner begin this relationship some 35 year ago . we be sister not only in spirit but in body , Tokyo and New York , bustling metropolise that be elbow thei ? way into the 21st century . int . new york CITY council chamber - morning a ornate nineteenth century hall , a replica of the U.S. Senate , each Council member seat behind a desk , he or she presence note by a red light . a dais , manned by various factotum . above the dais sit the Public advocate , but preside be the mayor who stand in front of the dais , beside he the Governor of Tokyo , on he other side the Mayor 's opposite , majority speaker seymour solomon . the Mayor be JOHN pappas , he be a attractive man approach 50 , look like a leader , he hair gray beautifully behind the ear , a win smile , a commanding presence . the Mayor be present a key to the city , silver and about six inch long , in a open velvet box to the Tokyo Governor . . mayor ( cont ’d ) this key be a symbol , a symbol of the door that stand open not only to we city but to we heart . Asia and America , the ginza and Broadway , we be family , join in we search for the solution to the future , marry in we understanding of the problem of the past . as the Mayor 's ceremonial speech continue , Angie step noisily into the chamber but before she be fully inside , she be intercept by a figure surveying the proceedings from the back of the room . kevin calhoun , 35 , Chief deputy Mayor , be a lanky , deceptively sleepy - look man , a tall drink of water who watch and listen closely to everything , he clothes do not quite seem to fit he ( he would be more comfortable in sweater and jeans ) , but there be a energy that radiate ; sexual , dynamic , and above all , intelligent . mayor ( cont ’d ) please walk abroad now , my friend , in this fair city and recreate yourselves . and then return , and return again and again . Goodbye for now , and adieu ... calhoun bend he ear to Angie 's mouth . as she whisper into it , over she shoulder calhoun eyeball the Mayor . the rapport be perfect between they , it be as if there be no one else in this great room as calhoun make a saw gesture at he throat . mayor ( cont ’d ) sayonara ! ' ext . CITY hall VIP parking lot ~ morning the Mayor 's car speed out of the lot , behind it the follow car , manned by nypd Intel . in the back seat of the Mayor 's car , calhoun sit close to the Mayor . only when the car be well distant from City Hall , and the voter do not know its occupant , do a siren SOUND and a red light flash . int . mayor 's car - morning nypd Intel detective be behind the wheel and in the front passenger seat . mayor ( to calhoun ) what have you get ? calhoun * shootout , East harlem . detective , gealer , six - year - old Black kid catch in the cross-fire . mayor go on -- calhoun the kid 's dead . and the dealer . the Mayor the Mayor mayor the cop ? calhoun no good . fall silent . calhoun ( cont ’d ) ( to George ) what 's we eta at Bellevue ? GEORGE we will be there in ten minute . shift , nod . mayor -- okay , what be the call ? calhoun look good on metrobank . mayor what 's the score ? . calhoun no nose , but abe get the feel we be in , mayor never mind n'feeling .' ( a moment ) what about July ? calhoun marquand say you be set for keynote . mayor ' set 's ? they have pencill I in . calhoun I see a big keynote . I see national ink . Governor of the State of New York , ' hello albany , 's ' good - bye albany 's and then the biggie -- 1 do not know , Mr. Mayor , what 's go to be more significant , the turn of the century or you become President . . pn , mayor now that I be all set , what be you plan ? calhoun catch the Mayor 's tone , smile embarrassedly . calhoun bullshitter of the Year , I guess . mayor that 's better . calhoun but I be go to keep stoke you , no matter what you say . silence . mayor how old be the child ? calhoun six . mayor and what be we budget , as of midnight ? calhoun 31.7 billion . mayor it cost a lot of money to have child slaughter in the street . the car slow . the Intel man leap out , reach for the Mayor 's door . mayor ( cont ’d ) I get it , George . cuut to : int . upstair corridor , bellevue hospital - morning Elevator door open on a hallway pack with Reporters , Police official , gold gleam on inspector 's badge and sharp - suite homicide detective . the Mayor step out of the elevator with calhoun , Intel clear a path , simul - taneously the door to the operate room at the end of the corridor burst open and Santos be wheeled out , drip and drain , triage nurse , emergency surgeon scurrying alongside . the Police commissioner , gerald coonan , intercept the Mayor . mayor what ' 's it look like ? coonan ~- bad . a nurse be desperately try to clear the way for the gurney . nurse give we room ! will y’move ! move ! the Mayor catch a glimpse of a inert Santos . mayor for chrissake , give this people some help . coonan snap he finger at Chief of patrol moretti , a spotless blue serge uniform braid with gold and a chestful of decoration . moretti step back ! step back ! ' calhoun {to coonan ) where 's the widow ? coonan -- not a widow yet , Mr. deputy . mayor ( to coonan ) introduce I . the Mayor and calhoun exchange look , they have be here before , each know what to do . calhoun peel off and head towards other top police official . he engage sawyer , a Black man , first deputy Police commissioner , as the Mayor move on down the corridor with sawyer 's boss , commissioner coonan . . coonan ( to the Mayor ) +.. combat Cross , Medal for merit , honorable mention , Department Medal of honor -- . mayor Children ? . om 10 coonan two , 5 and 3 , a boy and a girl . mayor how be she ? coonan you will say hello . Elaine , Elaine Santos . mayor which one ? coonan the pretty one . the other 's the sister . the Mayor catch sight of another woman in the corridor . mayor and who 's that against the wall ? coonan detective 's Endowment Association . mayor they have get a lawyer al 'ready ? coonan that 's what she card say . the Mayor slow , check out marybeth cogan , a broth of a irish girl , 29 , tall and tough and wonderfully open , a gaelic twinkle wrap in a fist , then head on towards elaine Santos and she sister who be stand outside the - icu , a Security Guard with then . on calhoun and first deputy commissioner sawyer - morning they eye on the Mayor and commissioner coonan , the Mayor shaking Mrs. Santos 's hand , a sincerity and awareness to he movement , at the same moment he be attentive to she sister . calhoun ( to sawyer ) which one be the shooter ? sawyer they be both shooter , Mr. deputy . they be both dead . ( a moment ) we know he . tino Zapatti . calhoun " Zapatti ?* 11 sawyer Paul 's nephew . a punk , a dealer . calhoun what happen ? sawyer I do not know . calhoun would not it seem that Santos come up here to take tino out of the business ? and the child be catch in the cross ? sawyer we nre not in the 's would not it seem 's business . calhoun observe the Mayor disappear into the icu with Elaine Santos and she sister as commissioner coonan remain outside with he uniform Chief of Department . caleoun where be you go with this ? sawyer do not know yet . Santos be sign out , that we do know . but he carry no radio ... no vest -- calhoun any backup ? sawyer Zero . not even a ' ghost . 's a moment . calhoun what be the guy do ? sawyer take a meeting with a convict drug dealer ? you get I . all I know be we get a dead cop , a dead kid , and a dead nephew of the head of the Zapatti family . calhoun be tino ' make 's ? 12 sawyer be you kid ? a scumbag , a nothing . a rap sheet this long -- he belong in attica on a mandatory five - to - ten , cop probation which he skip two year ago . calhoun probation ? sawyer be not it a sentence in this town ? silence . calhoun the Mayor 's go to want to step up for the wife -- sawyer I would not if I be hin . calhoun measure sawyer now . sawyer ( cont ’d ) do not worry about it . we can bury Santos with he glow 's reputation . good cop turn bad , it happen ail the time . and we give they Inspector 's funeral to boot . calhoun notice marybeth against the wall . calhoun who 's the lady ? sawyer a girl - lawyer for the dea . I be wonder when you be go to ask . calhoun smile . calhoun now you do not have to wonder anymore . int . intensive care unit , bellevue - day the triage team be still work furiously , the Mayor stand by attentively with Elaine Santos and she sister . a priest brushes past they , pull a scarf from he pocket , drape it steal - like over he shoulder , pull anoint oil from the other pocket , open a vial , anoint Santos 's 8 forehead with the side of he thumb . the Mayor 13 priest through this holy anoint May God , in he love and mercy give you the grace of the Holy Spirit . take Elaine 's hand . mayor we be with you , Elaine ... elaine thank you . mayor ..- the City take care of its own . he squeeze she hand , nod to Elaine 's sister . the Mayor silent pr priest May God who frees you from sin save you and raise you up . step to the bedside , regards Santos , make a ayer , then rapidly leave the icu . int . mayor ‘s car - morning calhoun i the Mayor he hang 's on the car phone , the Mayor deep within himself . calhoun ( phone ) ... set a press conference for 12 o'clock , make sure the Post take the first question ... call Senator marquand , be cool , tell he everything 's under control and we 'il see he tonight ... glance at calhoun . calhoun ( cont ’d ) ( phone ) and , abe , call Leonard Street . get a copy of tino Zapatti 's probation report . ( glance outside ) we be head for Park Avenue , downtown in 20 ... what else ? -- he 'il get up there for the boy 's funeral - - no , wait on the detective -- up , the Mayor be look at he . ww ns a 14 calhoun ( cont ’d ) the detective do not check out yet . the Mayor wait , stare straight ahead now . calhoun ( cont ’d ) and what be the Zapatti character do out on probation ? the Mayor be silent , then turn back to calhoun . mayor Kevin , if you be ever crazy enough to run for office -- and win -- calhoun wait for he to finish . mayor ( cont ’d ) there be one thing you will never get over ... the Mayor be stare straight ahead again , calhoun watch hin . mayor ( cont ’d ) the death of a cop . . int . " blue room , " CITY hall - day the area reserve for Press conference . five row of seat in this small venue , every seat take , tv camera on a raise platform behind , up front a podium with a cluster of mike , number and letter identify local station and in this case , network as well . the heat be oppressive , no matter what time of year , and the anticipation add to it . as the still photographer load , abe stand behind they with a small , hand ~held radio open to the Mayor 's car . abe two minute ! two minute ! shutter be readied , reporter click off they cellular . . abe ( cont ’d ) head up ! tape recorder be balanced on right knee , notepad on the leave . : a group of Black cleric be lead on , they take they place at the rear of the podium . one biack reporter , sadler of the Post , make note of they to the reporter seat beside hin . . : 15 sadler line up the duck . a couple of reporter move to the dais to get i.d. 's from the Black cleric , abe shoos they away . abe thirty second ! int . CITY hall , entrance - day the plainclothesm at the entrance swing the door open wide as the Mayor , calhoun at he side , hustle up the step and through the door . as they approach a low brass gate , the Intel man drop off . leslie christos , female , 32 , the Mayor 's Press Secretary , appear at he shoulder as he move down the west corridor to he " end of the Hall . " mayor who 's first ? leslie the Post . mayor ' sadler or marx ? leslie sadler . mayor I know what 's come , ' be probation a sentence in this town ? 's leslie * , , . judge stern have a powerful record on the bench . he have serve 13 year , and mete out the stiffest punishment in the history of this city . if the report recommend probation , then probation it have to be . 's after that they will start in on the mandatory crap -- . mayor I get it , I get it . the brass gate swing open , the factotum and old party retainer and permanent intel who guard the gate salute respectfully as the Mayor pass . 16 mayor ( cont 'd ) ( to Leslie ) ' what do James bone 's father say ' ? leslie ' he be distraught , of course , we be not here on this earth to outlive we child --/ mayor no good . from inside the " Blue " room , a yell : abe ( v.0 . ) light ! int . " blue " room , CITY hall - morning the place come ablaze with light at the Mayor 's entrance , news photographer jump in , flashbulb , the Black cleric blink at the blind flare , tv camera roll , the cameramen on radio with they reporter five row below who be call the shot . abe 's and calhoun 's eye lock , calhoun make a gesture to abe with thumb and forefinger , " give I a minute , " calhoun take a position in the corner where he can survey the whole room . the Mayor shake hand with the various cleric , embrace the last . mayor good morning . I would like to welcome the reverend Williams and birch from the abyssinian Baptist , the reverend spellman from a.m.e . Zion , and my dear friend , reverend milton Parks of the first Church of harlem . thank you , reverend gentleman , for have the courage to stand here beside I . some photographer yell " 's beside they ! 's " , calhoun make a slight inclination of he head and the Mayor step back alongside the Black cleric for the photo opportunity . he unfold a statement , step back up to the podium , then arbitrarily return the statement to he pocket . mayor ( cont ’d ) a six - year- old child be dead , James bone , a life snuffed out randomly . a highly - decorate detective be dead . and a probation - jump , crack - peddle punk be afso dead . . ( more ) 17 mayor ( cont ’d ) a year from now this will be the incident on pleasant Avenue . but I be tell you this be a incident that will not go away , not as long as I be Mayor of this city ... calhoun , have check out the staging of the proceedings , slip out a side door . int . CITY hall corridor - day calhoun cross the hall , the t.v. set at the Intel Station and secretaries 's Area be all tune in to the Press Conference . mayor ( cont ’d ) ( v.0 . ) --. the whole city , all part of the city , bushwick and greenpoint , Jamaica and harlem , Washington Heights and brownsville , the body drop , shot like fish in a barrel , and the accusation be we do not care because this be disenfranchise part of the city . homicide be homicide whether it 's on Park Avenue or up a alley in williamsburg , and we will find the perpetrator and we will put they away . calhoun , as if on signal , meet abe outside he tiny office , they close the door behind then . int . abe 's office , mayor 's wing - day abe turn on the t.v. , it play quietly in the background . ( as abe hand calhoun a batter mayor ( v.0 . ) record jacket , calhoun open it , . ( t.v. ) a muddle of rat-eare papers . whose bullet be it , calhoun hand it back . ) you be go to ask ? we will find out . calhoun important , but more where 's the probation report ? to the point , who 's go to give Eddie ( abe reach in and quickly extract Santos back to he a fill * out form , hand it to wife and child ? calhoun whose brow furrow . ) no forensic ex - . aminer . no man of calhoun ( cont ’d ) the cloth . no one . look good . ( a moment ) . question ? 18 abe : ( he nod to sadler very good . but there be a of the post. ) conviction . criminal poss - sion in the fourth degree . sadler ( v.0 . ) why be tino Zapatti out calhoun on probation ? a probational offense . a 4 - C . that 's practically a mis- mayor ( v.0 . ) demeanor . I have not see he probation report abe yet , and I will not there be 4 - C 's , and there be speculate . I do 4 - c’s. know that judge walter stern be perhaps the most reputable jurist sit - ting on the State Supreme Court bench . if the probation report be good , ( abe turn the probation report what choice do he over and over , check it out have ? front and back ) sadler ( v.0 . ) what choice do James bone '' have ? ( " yeah , yeah , what calhoun choice ?! " reporter ( to abe ) crowd each other , +- . you keep look at that as interject , raise if it be not kosher . they hand , " over here , Mr. Mayor ! " abe a cut of meat be kosher . a mayor ( v.0. } piece of fish . ' savory food , Mr. sadler , James and all kind of dainty 's bone have no choice . be kosher . but a probation nor do detective report be not kosher . it be Edward Santos . merely a probation report . there be one thing : as Mayor J will never get over ~ the death of a police offier . and there be one thing in life I will never get over , the ( calhoun measure abe , abruptly death of a he reacht up and mute the t.v. ) innocent child . calhoun -- I be a good Louisiana lapse Catholic , abe . give it to I straight . what 's wrong with that report ? . 19 abe too kosher . calhoun translation , please ? abe ' the virgin look pregnant to I . 's abe bend low over the report , examine the word as if they be lacunae in the talmud . abe ( cont ’d ) a probation supervisor sign this . a Assistant probation supervisor countersign it . calhoun so ? abe that 's a lot of weight for a 4 - C . where be the original little probation Officer , where 's he signature ? . calhoun snatch the report from abe , scan it , try to fathom its meaning but can not . calhoun surely there must be a explanation . abe ' the more flesh , the more worm . 's calhoun glance at the television set above , the Mayor be now respond to a question about the city 's Hospital crisis . ext . foley square , manhattan - day calhoun and abe briskly make they way across the wide plaza , past the denizen of Federal Court house , District attorney 's headquarters , detention facility and city office , a maze of old , gray building and the canny drone that occupy they . abe ..- his name be schwartz . calhoun a jantsman ? aml 20 abe stop. try you yiddish out on I . you sound like a shakespearean actor escape from a Savannah pogrom . calhoun okay , okay , but do you know he ? abe I do not know he , the trial be almost two year ago , I be long go from the Department . they turn down Leonard Street , a dank , narrow roadway , loom above a post - modern building go wrong , huge letter over the doorway ' new york CITY , department of probation , '' abe ( cont ’d ) while you talk to schwartz , I /11 schmooze around . int . schwartz’s office ~ day a bunch of partition - orf work station , in he own glass - in place be larry schwartz , a veteran of the civil service war . as calhoun enter , schwartz come to a noisy , chair -scrape attention . calhoun please ... schwartz you ‘’re the first deputy Mayor to set foot on this floor . we have a commissioner once -- but it be the wrong floor , calhoun May I have a seat ? schwartz do not answer , wait for calhoun to sit . schwartz I know why you be here . I have logge twelve call already today . Mr. Zapatti --? calhoun yes . schwartz why do he have to be my case ? 22 : calhoun exactly . _ schwartz because sometimes we get overload . calhoun and the supervisor take the extras ? schwartz the extra-speciais , : calhoun such as a Zapatti family member ? . schwartz something like that . look , Mr. deputy Mayor -- calhoun Kevin 's good enough . schwartz any case come in here that look like it 's ' connect ; 's I take a interest in -+ calhoun why ? schwartz to avoid make mistake . calhoun you make one on this one . schwartz I blow it and I do not mind admit it . but I have rather blow one out of a hundred , than send ten mean away on mandatorias who do not deserve they . calhoun you sound like a enlighten man , Mr. schwartz . ' schwartz and you sound like you be fuck with I . calhoun sigh .. calhoun how do this thing happen ? 22 schwartz this thing happen because we be drown -- in criminal , in half - baked social worker , in a city that do not function , in a world that do not know right from wrong . more silence . calhoun finally stand . a moment . calhoun so there be no probation officer on this case ? schwartz wrong . you be look at he - calhoun but you be a supervisor . schwartz more precisely , a branch Officer . schwartz ( cont ’d ) okay , same thing . we be understaffed , I always oversee file that be flagge red . calhoun this one you handle alone ? schwartz yes , I be afraid so . calhoun walk out , meet up with abe in the anteroon . abe schwartz look nervous . calhoun there 's nervous and there 's nervous . abe do you learn anything ? calhoun he be not that nervous . ns , 23 ext . gracie mansion , manhattan - night the Mayor 's residence , a female Police Officer wave a greeting to calhoun as he pull up outside the iron gate in he car , she step out of she booth with a clipboard , make a notation in she log of he windshield sticker and license . in the momentary wait , calhoun pick up he carphone . int . gracie mansion - communications room - night jaime , a Intel detective , part of the permanent '' Palace Guard " at the mansion , grab the phone , he female partner , trudy , log in the income call . calhoun ( v.0 . ) do the p.c. call yet ? jaime yeah , he say to call he back as soon as you get in . ext . gracie mansion ~ night the iron gate swing open now , calhoun drive through , jump out , light be blaze in the beautiful old wooden frame house , he eschew the main entrance , hurry down outside step , the " side " door . int . gracie mansion - nigrht calhoun wave to the chef and kitchen personnel , hurry up the step , stop half way at the Communications room . as Jaime hold the telephone out for calhoun , trudy nod a greeting , she be watch the nine o'clock news , lower the volume , a teaser of the day 's event in the city , the Mayor 's morning Press Conference flash for a moment then the show pass on to other thing . calhoun take the phone from Jaime . calhoun Gerry ? coonan ( v.0 . ) I get good news . calhoun shoot . coonan ( v.0 . ) one of the round pass through the boy , catch in the armhole of he windbreaker +- 24 calhoun what be it from ? coonan ( v.0 . ) a ' four and a half . ' match tino 's . calhoun sigh . . coonan ( cont ’d ) ( v.0 . ) what be that ? calhoun I love good news . he hang up , make the " okay " sign to Jaime and trudy , dash upstairs , when he reach the top , he be greet by sydney pappas , the Mayor 's wife , a well ~ breed woman who have negotiate she pedigree into a position beside a powerful , active man . mrs . pappas +.- I see you light . he be just reach ' closure 's with Senator marquand . calhoun bite he lip , she notice . mrs . pappas ( cont ' D ) I just think -- calhoun and you do not want I to ' bust in ’? mrs . pappas thank you , Kevin . it be you that get he through the sweat of the day , but I have to carry he through this nonsense at night . calhoun the night 's just as important -- she reach out to smooth he shirt collar . mrs . pappas * I have a demi-tasse set for you . say hello , the Senator adore you . mention child 's television to he wife -- I 'il take it from there . here we go ... she open a set of french door . 25 int . gracie mansion dine room - night a gather of a dozen people , no black tie , but just short of that , elegant black dress and the man in fashionable business suit . the Mayor jump to he foot . mayor hey -- Kevin ! we miss you -- senator marquand , a all - business New englander with a young wife , smile . 's sen . marquand Kevin 's be busy today . calhoun hello , Senator . mayor ( introduce ) Liz and maurice warnecke , head of the stock Exchange -- : warnecke I know Kevin , we talk about metrobank . . calhoun smile , shake hand . the Mayor complete the introduction quietly , calhoun know some , not other , head of major brokerage and accounting firm , plus a young couple , scion of some industrial fortune , a Black couple , the chancellor of City College . calhoun take he place beside Mrs. marquand . sen . marquand whose bullet be it , Kevin ? calhoun we do not know yet . a flicker from the Mayor . calhoun ( cont ? D ) but I do not mean to interrupt you -- . sen . marquand we do not want any stray bullet - around madison Square Garden . calhoun downs he demi-tasse . calhoun there be stray bullet all over this world . oo et seael ete ee 26 sen . marquand they do not bother you when you be work for Hill & knowlton . mrs . marquand I do not understand , Jimmy . sen . marquand Hill & knowlton be the pr firm represent Kuwait . Kevin ride point for they , he help sell we the Gulf War -- mayor ignore he , Kevin . the Senator just like to keep a little anchor to windward . ( to Sen. marquand ) we be talk about the con - vention -- before marquand can respond , calhoun jump in . calhoun we be go to turn this city upside down for you -~ we be go to stage the right kind of Convention . sen . marquand what kind be that ? calhoun the kind that 's go to get the President re-elect . where be you go to go - Chicago , always resonate with memory of hubert in ' 68 . California - still the land of Jerry Brown and Tom hayden , the sort of place that nominate a walter mondale . Miami ? Miami 's casablanca . we ’1ll make you a winner , weve get the city right here . Mrs. marquand smile . mrs . marquand you be not a New Yorker , be you , Kevin ? calhoun ferriday , Louisiana . hruey Long country . ' every man a king , but no one wear a crown . 's 27 silence . mrs . marquand hey , I love this guy . the Mayor beam . mrs . pappas so do we . he 's get John elect twice . calhoun : no one get anybody elect - but the people . sen . marquand what be you run for , Kevin ? calhoun my life . sen . marquand a good line -- calhoun I hear it today from a District leader in East harlem . a flicker of the Mayor 's eye , calhoun rise with he . mayor we will be right back . they head for the door . calhoun waggle he finger , " goodnight , " he stop by Mrs. marquand . calhoun - geod work on the pbs thing . Mrs. marquand glow . sen . marquand call I in the morning , Kevin , I want you to help I get some stuff in the New York Times -- a * editorial laud we choice of Convention city . the President love a good Times editorial . calhoun you get it , Senator . * the dining room door close behind calhoun and the Mayor as they angle towards the mansion 's side entrance . . the Mayor they stop monitor . the Mayor the Mayor calhoun ( cont ’d ) tino Zappati 's bullet kill the child . relax for a moment . mayor use it . calhoun I do not need to , they 'il have it on the ten o'clock news . mayor great -- calhoun but I warn you , tomorrow it 's not go to go away . at the Intel niche , the t.v. news continue on the calhoun ( cont ’d ) I see tino 's probation report . ' exemplary . but one odd 's thing -~ mayor what ? calhoun it 's front - load . mayor with what ? calhoun branch officer . supervisory personnel . grunt . calhoun ( cont ’d ) but at least we know we have get a honest judge , sigh . mayor thank God for the walter stern of this world . . with the Mayor and calhoun linger by the Intel room , trudy turn up the volume on the t.v. 29 . t.v. anchor * this just in . the bullet that kill the six - year- old boy in East harlem this morning --‘ cuT to : int . gowanus democratic club , brooklyn - night one of the last of the tammany club but a thriving place , a mix of senior citizen from West flatbush , gentrify couple from Park slope , and blue collar from Red hook . a two - tiere place , at the entrance a check - in desk manned by clara , a polished greeter who make a note of the constituent 's need and either send they home with reassurance or upstairs to frank anselmo , 55 , the councilman for this the 38th District , and also Brooklyn County leader for the Democratic Party . he be not a " boss " but a leader who do thing the old - fashioned way . a big man with a light , graceful touch , expensive horn -rimm glass barely frame a squat , neapolitan face . most of the pensioner and supplicant have leave , it be late , anselmo be hearing out one of the last , the elderly gussie who have put on she best print dress for the occasion . gussie ... they be gonna throw I out , Mr. anselmo . anselmo no one 's gonna throw you out , gussie . gussie he say I be underoccupy , can I help it if my daughter move out ? be not she entitle to a life of she own ? anselmo of course . how be helene ? still work at the navy yard ? . gussie thanks to you . what can you do for I ? 30 anselmo just see that Mr. brill obey the law . you be grandfather in over there . and if he tell you you ‘’re not , just give I a call . aa curvy landlord like marty brill 's always look for a way around rent control . but how would he understand a law that be mean for work stiff like you and I ? gussie oh thank you , Mr. anselmo . you wanna come speak to my Club ? Clara , who have move upstairs to anselmo 's desk , interrupt he with a whisper in he ear . anselmo glance downstairs , see schwartz , the probation branch Officer , wait , nervously finger he hat , anselmo indicate to Clara " in a minute . " anselmo what Club be that , gussie ? gussie the terrible tile mah jong Club -- . anselmo how many tile be there ? gussie a hundred and twelve . anselmo you get it , sweetheart . give I a call . anselmo trot down the stairway to schwartz and gussie be ushere away . anselmo ( cont ’d ) hello , Larry . schwartz I have to see you , Frank . - anselmo well , here I be . how about a cup of coffee ? schwartz no thanks . we get to talk . you finish ? 31 oo X q a moment 's hesitation from anselmo , he glance around , a few last straggler seek favor , party worker lick envelope , someone work a phone . Paper plate and scrap of schnecken be clean up by elderly woman . anselmo the business of government , Larry , be never finish . let 's take a walk . int . fino 's coffee shop , brooklyn - night a 70' joint on nevins Street on the Park slope / flatbush border , faux - Tiffany lamp which swing out on gold chain over green tablecloth , a formica counter for the breakfast eater , muzak play Broadway showtune nonstop . anselmo eccupy he corner table , commanding a view although the place be almost empty . milton , the waiter , set down water and coffee , he wear a batter green waistcoat . milton Mr. a --? anselmo o~ how be you , milton ? x milton ( sing ) ' I be as corny as Kansas in August I be as normal as blueberry pie no more a smart Little girl with no heart I have find I a wonderful guy -- 's schwartz 's mouth fall open . anselmo , who have be conduct milton , actually sing the last line with he . anselmo milton , speak of blueberry pie , bring we a couple . ( to schwartz ) you ala mode ? schwartz I do not want any pie . anselmo ( to milton ) two blueberry pie ala mode . '' ~( milton sashays away hum the bridge to " a wonderful guy , " anselmo study schwartz . rno anselmo ( cont ’d ) what 's the matter , Larry ? schwartz you know what an the matter . anselmo you look terrible , you ought to take a vacation . schwartz I do not want a vacation . I get 18 year in , I have save up my time , I be eligible for pension in six month if I put in the hour -- anselmo okay , okay , what do you want ? schwartz get the deputy Mayor off my ass . anselmo which one ? schwartz 's you know which one . anselmo ' shrimp boat ‘? schwartz him . 32 the music continue , anselmo cock a ear , a rodger and hammerstein medley , milton sweep out from behind the counter balance the pie and ice cream , set the order down . but schwartz push he away , stare off into the middle distance . from the area behind he , the sound of humming , it be milton , now anselmo join he , a beautiful baritone . anselmo ' do not throw bouquet at I do not please my folk too much do not laugh at my joke too much -- ' milton lean over the back of the banquette . anselmo /milton ' people will say we be in love ! 's milton scurries away to serve another table , anselmo fork a piece of pie . pes 33 schwartz what the hell be that ? anselmo milton and I be great rodger and hammerstein fan . when you walk through a storm , keep you be head up high -- Larry . schwartz it 's not you signature on that probation report . anselmo watch you mouth . silence as he finish he pie . anselmo ( cont ' D ) I tell you , take a vacation . now he reach over and take one bite of schwartz 's pie , then push it away , hum along with the muzak , observe schwartz as he nervously sip he coffee . CUT to : ext . queen midtown tunnel - night Cars funnel up to the toll booth , young hispanics sell the bulldog edition of tomorrow 's Daily News . a hand reach out through a front window of a anonymous town car , busy a paper , hand it to the passenger in the back . move in on paul zapatti , the air of a nondescript 50 's businessman , overweight , bespectacle , shield eye which give away nothing . as the car enter the tunnel , Zapatti open the newspaper , move in on the headline : ' zapatti nephew slay hero detective . 's under the column - wide letter be two photograph side - by-side , one of the shootout scene , the other a smile closeup of Zapatti . Zapatti lower the paper , instruct the man in the front seat who hand it to he . . zapatti find vinnie . 34 int . calhoun 's apartment , downtown manhattan - morning a 270 - degree view of New Jersey , staten Island , Long Island , but practically no furnishings . a few suit in a closet , a few book on a shelf , a anomalous interior with a breathtaking exterior . Dawn flare brilliantly through the window , the television set be tune to New York City government 's own channel , { tv - 1 . the Mayor be be interview on a early morning radio talk show , he and the interviewer be mount on a wagon roll down fifth Avenue , the stunt be cover by tv - 1 . calhoun , he clothes in a heap at the front of the bed , sit up . . mayor ( t.v . ) we have many problem in the city , but crime be the foremost . people be entitle to safety in they home and on the street ... as the interview continue , shot of yesterday 's crime scene , then a pause for a commercial from potamkin cadillac . calhoun swing out of bed , walk to the window , observe the rush hour on the verrazano Bridge , staten Island ferries pass each other , a garbage barge chug past the statue of Liberty . ' calhoun good morning . on the t.v. behind he now , a shot of a Black ghetto mortuary . t.v. announcer ( v.0 . ) in East harlem this morning , a line form early outside the whittington funeral Home , member of the community eager to pay they respects to the decease six - year - old James bone who live alone in a two -room apartment on 117th Street with he widower father . the crowd be orderly but security be tight -- calhoun hurry into the shower , but not before click on another tv set , a six - incher which have be set above the stall . . t.v. announcer ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) there be a sizeable police presence -- 35 ext . whittington funeral home , 119th STREET and pleasant avenue - morning a line around the block . Police sawhorse contain the crowd , officer , Black and White , keep a respectful distance as the mourner await entrance to the building . int . second floor funeral home office ~ morning bone and harry grime , a East harlem District leader , be at the window look down . grime have a foot up on the radiator , patently pleased at the turnout . bone I do not know James have so many friend . mr . whittington , the undertaker , appear behind they . he wait patiently until bone turn to he . they eye meet . bone ( cont ’d ) open the door . CUT to : int . eddie santos 's house - bayside , queen - day a wake . in one room detective Eddie Santos 's body rest in a partly open coffin , friend beside it , mourner filing by , in the kitchen relative prepare pot of coffee and platter of coldcut , in the live room , other mourner balance plate of food and short glass of dark rum . some Spanish hear , but mostly English from the mix of detective colleague and the conservative Hispanic community from " the Island . " Santos 's wife , Elaine , compose and a little fierce , greet people in the live room . her two child , a five year - old boy and a three year - old girl , stay close . relative spirit they away periodically to give Elaine relief . marybeth be present , she observe Elaine and the two child , wait for she open until the child be momentarily distract by relative , then step up . marybeth * good morning , Mrs. Santos . I be marybeth cogan , we meet at the hospital . elaine yeah . hulio . marybeth . I be very sorry . co ee eee : tee os 36 elaine thank you . marybeth and that 's Randy and Maria over there ? elaine uh-huh , that be my kid . marybeth do detective Santos leave a will ? elaine I do not know . marybeth insurance policy , savings account ? elaine Eddie take care of that thing . marybeth do you need a babysitter for a few day ? . elaine no , I do not need a babysitter . marybeth step to a window , Elaine find herself follow she . marybeth any brass from the Department call on you today ? elaine just the guy from the precinct , and a Captain from homicide , Manhattan South . marybeth that 's he Commander , he 's require to pay a call on the widow . Elaine blink , wait . marybeth ( cont ’d ) I would not talk with anybody without check with I first , okay ? Elaine do not answer for a moment , measure marybeth . 37 elaine okay . marybeth fall silent , not want to explain any further but not want to leave Elaine . her eye land on the five year - old boy and three year - old girl , munch on Puerto rican dulce , wash they down with soda pop . marybeth beautiful child . she angle for the door , she eye check the mourner as she go . cut to : int . woerner 's luncheonette , remsen STREET - brooklyn - day a dark place in the shadow of borough Hall , a hangout for d.a. 's , lawyer , bail bondsman and client , the nut - and - bolt of Brooklyn 's official business be transact here , the customer always within a few step of they office or the courtroom . a nearly partion - off area , a group of regular be drink coffee with anselmo , murray safire , a lobbyist - fixer , a above - board guy but still a semi-stooge of anselmo 's . plus a non-regular , lenny lewin , a real estate developer , and three other attendee , lenny 's cigarette smoke wave away by the other . it be clear the group be wait for someone , nursing they coffee , break off end of danish from a platter which be keep well - stack by a zealous waiter . calhoun enter , anselmo flag he . a loud scraping of chair as they all move to make a space as anselmo make introduction . calhoun I be sorry , gentleman , to be late <= and I be honore to be include in a regular meeting of the borough Hall sip and schmooze breakfast set . safire sit down , tex , take a load off you * foot . calhoun loo-si-ana , Murray , for the unpteenth time . anselmo hit calhoun in the arn . we om 38 anselmo what 's the matter , can not you take a joke ? and why do not you get yourself a driver , for chrissake ? after three year , the ' clean as a hound 's tooth 's image be beginning to wear . more chuckle . as if by signal , plate of egg and breakfast meat and hashbrown be set down . the waiter stand by . anselmo ( cont ’d ) what 's 11 you have ? calhoun oatmeal with skim milk and slice bananas . if you have a few raisin , sprinkle they on , and a little brown sugar , please . a deathly silence . the waiter shift . calhoun what happen ? anselmo lenny just throw up . laughter . lenny , a canny nerd , do not mind be the butt of joke . anselmo ( cont ’d ) ( to waiter ) bring he 's Ham and .' -- and because he 's the Mayor 's boy , throw he a fish , white toast instead of a bagel . the waiter scurries away . calhoun smile knowingly , the feel he 's be through this needle and pleasantry before with anselmo . anselmo so what 's new , Kevin ? . calhoun today ? this just in -- Standard and poor 's be go to lower the city 's credit rating . ( more ) 39 calhoun ( cont ‘d ) we try to close two firehouse in the bronx , result - a hundred and fifty resident be demonstrate in front of City Hall , the deputy Park commissioner have quit to run the San Francisco ballet , the stock Exchange insist they be leave town , and it look like we be stick with Rent Control forever . plus a zillion other rancid goody . calhoun notice a tabloid fold on a corner of the table , page - wide headline , " east harlem tragedy six - year-0ld slain in crossfire with cop . " anselmo follow calhoun 's eye . anselmo . == plus a kid get shot . calhoun and a drug dealer . anselmo and a cop . '' safire no wonder the deputy Mayor go to Brooklyn today . anselmo ( to calhoun ) but he 's very welcome . where 's the stock Exchange go to go , Kevin , my boy ? calhoun White Plains , they mutter . safire they have be mutter that for year . anselmo one day they be gonna stop mutter * and go . : lenny that 's why we need metrobank -- calhoun no argument , lenny . silence . 40 anselmo -- and a subway stop and a off-ramp from the Brooklyn - queen Expressway . calhoun infrastructure -- anselmo . a fancy word for the necessity of life . calhoun the city owe 25 billion dollar , - Frank -- we can not build subway stop and off-ramp -- anselmo how be the people go to get to metrobank ? calhoun bus from exist subway stop , and that still fool enough to drive they car , get off at exit 26 or 27 . lenny ' Three thousand worker and you do not even want to build they a subway stop ? calhoun tell I , lenny , what 's you interest in this ? do you happen to buy a few option around the property ? anselmo of course he do . and so do every other developer in town . notwith - stand that , Mr. deputy Mayor , if you do not have a way to transport they employee , I do not know that metrobank 's gonna come up with the money . calhoun we all take we chance . we love metrobank , Frank , but we do not like infrastructure . reason ? the city can not afford it . a 41 anselmo the city can not afford not to . the train 's leave the station , Kevin , do not you want to be aboard ? calhoun you get the nose ? anselmo not count yet . why ? I think you be on we side . for a good ole boy , you be sure fly in the face of real politics . infra - structure mean vote . I think John pappas like vote . '' calhoun we love vote , Frank . but no infrastructure . much as we approve of the idea of a subway station and off-ramp , we can not afford then . ( to lenny ) do not worry , you can sell that option at a cut-rate . just tell you tenant to take a bus -- or walk . . lenny make a face . a calm anselmo check he watch . anselmo I get a appointment in Manhattan -- calhoun can I give you a ride ? anselmo no thanks , I / 11 ] make it quick on the train . : they all rise on cue . as calhoun put on he coat , he pick up the tabloid leave on the table , glance at the story on the bone / Santos / Zapatti death . a finger reach over calhoun 's arm , anselmo 's , he point to a " sidebar " which be head " what be detective do in East harlem ? " anselmo ( cont ’d ) that 's you story . ). 42 ext . new york county courthouse ~ morning judge walter stern park at the curb reserve for the judiciary , hurry towards the side entrance he customarily use . he be a judicial - look man , a dignity about he and a address towards life which be relieved by a common touch . judge stern look up , distract from he morning routine by a clutch of reporter unexpectedly surround he , " tino Zapatti - " , " probation report -! " , " sweetheart sentence - " , he frown , respond with " no comment " 's but he can not get past the pack until he be rescue by he Law Secretary . she hail a Court Officer , they free the judge from he questioner , he hurry in through the secure side entrance , the Court Officer hold off the Press behind hin . the Law Secretary catch up with stern in the lobby as he be about to step into the judge 's elevator . judge stern get I the file on tino Zapatti . curt to : int . CITY council meeting , CITY hall - afternoon recess . the entire body present . the Public advocate preside but only ceremonially , the proceedings be run by majority speaker Solomon . on the edge of the chamber , and be restrain by the marshal , be various interested party . the gallery above be pack with senior and blue collar from Brooklyn 's 38th councilmanic District . a tension in the place , a big vote come up . israel torre , the Mayor 's and calhoun 's man in the Council , who be use to introduce bill the Mayor advocate , stand in the back with a nervous abe and a watchful calhoun . as the chamber be call back into session , a member propose a resolution to make a Day of celebration mark the birth of a obscure irish Republican hero of the 1920' . calhoun ( to torres ) ++- be we okay ? . torre it 's go to be close but we be okay . calhoun I do not like the look on anselmo 's face . . een 43 anselmo rise from he chair , move to speaker Solomon , whisper in he ear , now cross the chamber to lenny lewin who stand off the floor of the Council beside a side door . anselmo 's mouth go to lenny 's ear . the irish hero Day of celebration resolution drone on , underneath it the gooseneck microphone on the councilmember 's desk be bent away from earshot as intense , impromptu lobby take place on the floor . abe edge along the wall of the chamber , speaker Solomon meet he as if by signal , whisper in he ear . torre ( to calhoun ) hey , I have put my life on the line for this one . you know I get amigo upstairs , and I get plenty more live in that street where you want to put up the bank . they be go to have my ass but I do not give a shit ... abe quickly return to calhoun and torres . abe seymour say we be okay , torre arriba ! let 's go on the bill ! no subway , no off-ramp . ooh , be you guy go to be in to I ! calhoun how ' okay 's be we , abe ? abe the marriage be not make until the groom step on the glass . torre you guy be nut . you should be celebrate . instead he 's give I talmud -- ( the calhoun ) and you be sweat through you suit . calhoun that 's my lunch , I eat can red bean and chilis in oil , a Christmas - basket from my mother -- abe next Christmas , she can send you a new liver . 44 calhoun tomorrow we open up the hog head cheese and spread it on bialy . torres gag . a rap of the gavel , anselmo have the floor . anselmo with all due respect to we gaelic friend , could I intrude to ask the chair to suspend the argument for this Resolution -- public advocate ( chair ) to what purpose ? anselmo to introduce a amendment to land use Bill 181 which we have fully discuss in the chamber and be on the cusp of voting . seymour Solomon jump to he foot . speaker solomon this be news to I ort in the back , calhoun 's eye be shifting rapidly back and forth . calhoun what 's happen ? abe I be get a infrastructure feel . calhoun grab seymour , lasso he if you have to , tell he -- : torre tell he what ?! calhoun anything -- go ! torres make a beeline for speaker Solomon . as he cross the Council floor , anselmo wind up he pitch . anselmo -- therefore , I recommend we bring to a resolution the amendment I have propose . 45 speaker solomon ~- May I request a recess ?! public advocate you ‘’re out of order , Mr. speaker . speaker solomon I be also out of breath . oxygen ! fanning himself frantically , speaker solomon collapse , cry for help , a marshal wheel in a oxygen tank from the telephone room . public advocate ( gavel ) recess , thirty minute ! abe ( to calhoun ) seymour can be count on in a pinch . ext . CITY hall , late afternoon ~ twilight abe , calhoun and torres walk rapidly and nervously around the perimeter of City Hall Park . | torres smoke a cigar , calhoun blow bubblegum . torre -- he get dreyfus , that 's what happen , calhoun how would the hell he get dreyfus ? torre he promise he a horse . calhoun a horse ?! torre a trotter . dreyfus love the trotter . he 's at yonker every night . Frank 's get this ay-rab baker in he District -- make Muslim cracker , worth a fortune -- the ay-rab love trotter , too . as many cracker as he bake , he have trotter . calhoun how many vote do dreyfus control ? 46 abe more than we think . calhoun we get horse up the ass in . Louisiana . why do not we buy he a horse ? abe calm down , calm down -- calhoun how much time we get ? torre ten minute . torres chainlight another cigar , people scurrying this way and that , the gold dome of City Hall glisten as the sun set . the vapor from the three man 's breath mingle , they walk on rapidly , but in no direction . torre what be we go to do ? calhoun Israel , you fuck up again , I and the Mayor be gonna find we another -- torre okay , okay , I hear you . now we have get five minute . abe be a million mile away . torre ( cont ’d ) Frank be go to get he way as always -- abe remember the algerian soccer League +? torre beautiful . we be up the creek and he 's play soccer ! calhoun shut up , Israel . what about it , abe ? abe they field be too small , remember ~--? a7 calhoun yeah , they want to de - map a hundred yard of prospect Park . they be take they corner kick from a newsstand . torre ( righteously ) you can not de - map a Park . abe do you see anselmo 's blueprint ? a subway stop at ninth Avenue and - third Street ? calhoun that 's go to cut across a corner of byrne Park ... torre never hear of it . abe a vest pocket job , chockful of baby earriage -- . calhoun and mother ! what do Robert mose , the father of all commissioner , say ? torre who give a shit ? calhoun ' as long as you be on the side of the park , you be on the side of angel . 's torre let 's get in there ! calhoun abe , gimme five ! calhoun hit abe 's hand so hard , he yarmulke fall off . int . council chamber - late afternoon a vote be be tallied . clerk ... dreyfus ? 48 dreyfus ' no . 's and may I add , take one foot of park space away from the populace and you amputate they soul . calhoun , aglow in the back , whisper to abe . calhoun he 'li get he trotter somewhere else . clerk Drew ? drew nay ! anselmo rise from he Council desk , lenny and he exchange look , lenny hurry out , anselmo glance over at calhoun . he make a Little Lord fauntleroy bow and exit the chamber . clerk Foster ? foster no ! CUT to : int . mayor 's office , CITY hall - afternoon the Mayor be look out the window , he back to the door as calhoun enter , the New York Times along with other papers spread out on a table , the Times open to the editorial page . mayor what happen ? calhoun the point be what do not happen . mayor okay , what do not happen ? calhoun . * councilman Frank anselmo , Brooklyn County leader and the last of a die breed , the political boss , do not get he way . the Mayor turn around . mayor Frank anselmo be not die . & a moment . a9 mayor ( cont ’d ) but we be . in the New York Times , in the Daily News , in the Post , sof on crime , hard on unemployment , no subway stop , no off -ramp , no metrobank and judge stern be take shot right and leave and all he 's do be give up a two million dollar partnership at Davis , Polk to serve the people . calhoun I be not he campaign manager . mayor and you nre not mine anymore , either . you be deputy Mayor and it 's time you act like one . calhoun Mr. Mayor -- mayor do not ' Mr. Mayor 's I . Frank anselmo be responsible for two million vote . calhoun and currently the sponsor of three big-time Brooklyn boondoggle , the off-ramp , the subway stop and the option on property surround they . : mayor you trip over the elephant while chase a flea . calhoun Frank anselmo be not a flea -- mayor compare to metrobank , he be ! the Mayor point to a set of blueprint and large photograph . mayor ( cont ’d ) see this . what do you think this be ? calhoun . look like a meadow . 50 mayor a meadow ! how poetic ! this , my friend , be not a meadow , this be a field surround by tenement which could be clear to resurrect a neighborhood , create 3,000 job -- , calhoun at what price ? five million dollar for a off-ramp , 15 million for a subway stop , talk about a lulu . mayor you be the lulu ! get you foot on the ground ! do you know what it 's like to push a pencil all day and then walk 12 block to the subway to hang on a strap a hour hack to the bronx ? it 's that twelve block that make the difference . if you do not satisfy they ass , they brain will not work ! when they get in the booth , they pull the wrong lever ! calhoun ' and I think you be go to give I a medal . mayor no , I be go to give Frank anselmo he subway station . and he 's go to give we the vote we need for metrobank . calhoun blink . mayor ( cont ’d ) you have run campaign , Kevin , you like thing to work , do not you ? calhoun yeah -- mayor Frank anselmo make thing work . he ' 's the county boss , and Young Turk or Old dinosaur , county boss be the oil of the machine of govern - ment . calhoun bite he tongue , the Mayor pick up the phone . vol of 512 mayor get I rebbe schnayerson . ( a moment ) he be ? then get I the next rebbe down . calhoun ... God , it 's a hundred brush fire a day . mayor a hundred and one . ( cover the phone ) the matzo baker be strike . calhoun open the door , suddenly turn back . calhoun tomorrow 's James bone 's funeral . mayor ( cover the phone ) get out that magic pen of yours and write I a eulogy . ( phone ) hello rebbe ? what 's new ? calhoun go . CUT to : | int . new york state theatre - night a performance of carousel , billy be sing to Julie onstage : billy ' if I love you time and again I would try to say all I have want you to know -- 's in the loge seat in the first row be anselmo with he wife nettie , a blonde self - assure woman . as the baritone 's , who play billy , voice surge , nettie and anselmo clasp hand . int . bar , new york state theatre - night George , the Mayor 's Intel man , take a position beside the man 's room , applause from within the theatre , the audience pour out at intermission . int . new york state theatre , orchestra - night calhoun be seat beside Mrs. pappas , she point to - something in he program , he nod , excuse himself . 52 int . bar , new york state theatre - night anselmo cross toward the man 's room , as he approach the door , he see a flash of the gold detective 's badge on George 's belt . the Mayor , emerge now from the man 's room , spy anselmo . mayor I want to talk to you . anselmo I have get to take a leak . mayor you 'il take a leak afterwards . at the bar calhoun be order drink . he see the Mayor with anselmo , be about to join they but the Mayor make a gesture and calhoun stand fast . the Mayor lead anselmo into a niche in the lounge . anselmo do you like the billy bigelow ? mayor good voice , no act . how do you feel about the Julie Jordan ? anselmo good act , no voice . my nettie could sing better . we meet 25 year ago , westbury Music Circus , she be in the chorus -- mayor speak of performance , I do not want to hear about another one like that from you , Frank . anselmo you boy embarrassed I -- mayor you nre go to have to live with he , . anselmo why --? mayor because he 's my boy . a moment . 53 anselmo but it 's ridiculous , John . this metrobank thing be a.good thing -- mayor I do not need you to tell I that . I bring this people in from Wall Street . now show I a little respect -- anselmo of course . mayor . then I have get news for you . we will go with it . anselmo brighten . anselmo yeah ? which way ? mayor my way . with infrastructure . anselmo beam . a moment . anselmo okay , John , you way . you get the credit . mayor and you and lenny get the option . anselmo when do we break ground ? mayor I 'il be out on that meadow tomorrow with a silver spade . deliver I a turnout -- the high school kid , clerk from metrobank 's back office -~- anselmo deliver . mayor . and you ? find a corner . anselmo you know I , John , I love corner . 54 int . johnny 's famous reef , CITY island , the bronx - afternoon a foggy afternoon in eastchester Bay , the deck overlook the water empty , inside a bar with storm window open to the element , a couple of hardy soul perch at it . a slip run out into the bay , cheap sailboat be moor alongside . sitting at the bar be holly , 40 , a police officer in off - duty clothes , paint -splatter khakis and wear deck shoe , he eye squinting as he focus on a car come over the causeway from the bronx . he move to a lonesome table . ext . parking lot , johnny 's famous reef - day marybeth pull she Accord in , only a couple of car in the lot . she check the address on a slip of paper , crumple the paper in she hand and walk inside . int . johnny 's famous reef - day marybeth smile , Holly do not . she angle straight to he . marybeth hello , Officer Holly . holly what be you drink ? ' marybeth Water . holly plain water ? marybeth plain as day . holly well , I be not . marybeth I think you be off it . holly today , I be back on . as Holly 's cross to the bar , marybeth pull out a little ring binder , check some note , put they away as Holly return with a bottle of water for she and a dark drink for himself . marybeth where be you work again ? silence . 55 holly the 4 - 1 . marybeth oy . holly they send I up here to ' heal . 's marybeth heal from what ? holly my diagnosis or theirs ? marybeth your . holly tino Zapatti and he uncle paulie . marybeth be that after we get you reinstate or before ? holly you get I nothing . y yol do you job . that 's what I pay my due for . marybeth okay ! okay ! now I be try to do my job for you ex-partner . holly Santos be a nut . he go bullshit when tino get off . I tell he ' Eddie , lay off , justice have be do , 's ' justice ?!’ he say -- a brave fuck . marybeth do not you have any loyalty to you old partner ? holly not a smidgen . I just want to get out with my life , save my pension , and sail that piece of shit you see out there , the Mary B . marybeth ' Mary B , 's be that for marybeth , my name ? _ — holly I would not know . you have have to ask the previous owner . he 's in Green Haven prison . the chap ' leave 's it to I . marybeth finish she water . marybeth for God 's sake , man , a wife 's pension , the future of she child be at stake , tell I what you know ! Holly drain he drink . holly the wind 's change . I can catch the starboard tack now . run I right home . if I tarry , I be out to sea , you know what I mean ? int . pierino 's restaurant , reade STREET ~ night a old - time politician 's hangout around the corne 56 xr from City Hall , busier at lunch than it be &t dinner , trenchermen 's plateful of pasta . seat in the raise , secluded part of the room be anselmo , Zapatti , and lenny . lenny -~ we get to pick up some more option . 2 apatti no. anselmo why not , Paul ? it 's a slam dunk . zapatti I do not care what it be , do not be greedy . anselmo ( pleasantly ) ° how can I be greedy , I be not hold any option ? a moment , Zapatti regards anselmo . zapatti you be hold plenty , Frank , 57 i anselmo 5 of what ? zapatti of juice . all over City Hall . what more do you want ? Zapatti inhale a fistful of rigatoni . zapatti ( cont ’d ) {to lenny ) i what 's the update ? lenny they be hold out on the corner of 14th Street -- ; zapatti for what ? lenny for more , paulie , what do you think ? Iranians . zapatti . Iranians ? from persia ? x lenny mope . with gold chain . zapatti ( to anselmo ) you know this people ? anselmo a cigar store . they be expand . hosiery and chocolate . lenny in the old day , there be honor -- zapatti let it go , lenny . only a fool take top dollar . . silence as a waiter clear they plate . zapatti ( cont ’d ) ( to lenny ) would you excuse we , please ? . : lenny om . I get a appointment anyway . 58 zapatti then it work out nicely . lenny go . zapatti ( cont ’d ) you be sure now , it 's all set ? anselmo we get it all . zapatti now you can get something else for I . anselmo what ' 's that ? zapatti my name out of the papers . anselmo how ? zapatti with 40000 dollar . anselmo what be I go to do with 40000 doliar ? zapatti let I ask you a question . . anselmo shoot. zapatti have you ever hear of a cop with 40000 dollar --? anselmo yes . zapatti -- who be not crooked ? anselmo no. Zapatti downs he espresso , cover the check , leave . anselmo glance at he chair , on the seat a fold New York pest , block headline , ' the 2 apatti , connection be cop on '' mobster 's hit list ? 's a 59 anselmo pick up the newspaper , unfold it , a manila envelope fall out , he take a peek inside , stack of hundred dollar bill be laid neatly between two piece of cardboard . cuut to : int . abyssinian baptist church , 137th STREET and 7th avenue - day a harlem tabernacle , the place be pack with congregation , the overflow outside behind police barricade listen to the service through loud speaker . choir ( sing ) ' what then ? what then ? when the great Book be open , what then ? and a world that reject its savior will be ask for a reason , what then ? 's the Mayor wait with the high rank Black officer , Chief deputy commissioner sawyer , and calhoun . there be Black police officer post along the furthest side aisle of the church , and man the barricade outside . a mood of unrest . ' mayor will reverend Powell introduce I ? sawyer with a sentence . mayor and afterwards ? sawyer we get out of here . mayor which way be out ? sawyer point to a side door . mayor ( cont ’d ) '' no , the front . sawyer you think that 's a good idea ? Intel 's out there now , they say the folk be not feel too good . mayor . that 's you problem . uc 60 the choir finish ... " and we stand up before him , what then ? " reverend Adam Clayton Powell , Jr. , step into the pulpit . on a chair behind he sit bone . reverend powell sister , brethren ... the Mayor of the City of New York , the honorable John pappas . program flutter , body shift in seat , the man fan themselves with they hat . the Mayor step into the pulpit , gaze down at the coffin in front of hin . mayor ' what then ? 's indeed . what then when the city run to sewer and the light be extinguish and the people corrupt ? what then when the street be no longer safe , and when a father hold he child by the hand , and the boy be cut down and cast aside like chaff in the field , what then ? a voice {from the congregation ) say it plain ! mayor people warn I , do not stand behind this coffin , why heed they warning when a heartbeat 's silent -~ he glance at bone . mayor ( cont ’d ) and a child be dead ? the Mayor step away from the pulpit and down to the coffin of James bone . some congregation rise , angry murmure from the pews , usher move right in on then . mayor ( cont ’d ) do not stand behind that coffin , they say , that little boy be as pure * and innocent as the drive snow -- well , I be not innocent , and by the time the snow touch the ground under my foot , it will turn as gray and gritty as the stone of hell . a voice from the congregation call out , " yes ! " " go on ! " 61 mayor ( cont 'd ) but I be this boy ! I be James bone ! my soul be crush , my spirit want because I have let you down , I have die on you because I have not give you the protection you crave , the home you cherish , the street to transport yourselves . a rustle from the congregation . he kiss the Mayor mayor ( cont ’d ) but I shall ! and I will ! I be Greek , and I be descend from the cave of the Mediterranean and I speak the language of the poet -- the first and only great mayor be possibly my forefather , more likely not -- pericles of athen -- ' all the good thing of the earth flow into the city because of its greatness ...’ well , we be great once and we could be great again . this be the ' palace that be the city , 's but the city be no more when a child 's body lie before we . but I pledge we will find obr spirit again , we will rebuild on the soul of this little warrior -- I be with you , little James , I be you , and I will carry you standard forward until the palace that be the city rise again . the coffin , the congregation stand , another hymn . choir ' I want to dig a little deeper yes , dig a little deeper I want to dig a little deeper in the storehouse of God 's love ! 's stride up the center aisle . calhoun loop around to meet he , the Intel man be work quietly and rapidly , earpiece and tiny mike , the door of the church open , silence on the street . a Old woman approach the Mayor , Intel try to block she , but the Mayor step right around then . harlem woman God bless you , Mayor pappas . ane 62 he smile , suddenly she throw she arm around hin , he embrace she , move on , hand now be extend to hin . Intel try to beat a path to the car , but more hand want to touch he . through the door of the church : choir '-- dig a little deeper in the storehouse of God 's love ! 's calhoun knife through the crowd , successfully clear another path for the Mayor , they jump in they car , a red light flash but no siren , and they be go . int . mayor 's car - day the car speed down lenox Avenue , the garbage and tenement of Central harlem go by in a blur , black man congregate aimlessly on street corner along with youth in warm - up jacket and athletic shoe . Intel 's radio crackle , the follow car loop around and take the lead . mayor Nice speech , kid . calhoun that be not my speech . | mayor the pericles thing come to mind and I throw it in . calhoun but the way you throw it in -- mayor you. like it ? calhoun I love it . mayor thank you . calhoun how do you come up with that stuff , the ' cave 's and the ' poet 's ? the Mayor smile . be 63 mayor I be Greek , man . when I be James bone 's age I use to have to sit at Easter service for two hour , and after that the archbishop would pass out egg which have be dyed red for the blood of Christ -- I love that red egg . my dad have one , he keep it in a glass case with a ivory crucifix and a Jesus palm card for thirty year . you ass get hard in that pews , especially if there 's no egg at the end of the line . calhoun reach for the Times , open it up to a editorial : '' judge or be judge . " calhoun you read this ? mayor Sydney read I part , ‘-- the last identifiable vestige of graft . 's what the hell be they talk about ? judge get nominate like everybody else . . . calhoun but the Party arrange it . mayor whose side be you on ? calhoun your , John . and I always will be . I sense a hang party . maybe we should put a little distance between we and walter stern -- mayor ' distance 's be shit . distance be what you do to you enemy . it 's a invention of the 9us to make friend extinct . ( a moment ) distance be the absence of menschkeit . calhoun what 's that ? mayor menschkeit . ' manhood . 's what it take to be a man . 64 . calhoun you have take up yiddish ? mayor abe laid it on I . he regards calhoun . mayor ( cont ’d ) you be a good man , Kevin . under - neath the loo-si-ana cane syrup , red dirt . not all that different from the pavement of astoria . you and I ? we be stick by judge walter stern . calhoun nod in agreement , he feel better . he open he case , pull out a small jar , relish swim in flake oil . calhoun want a red-hot pepper ? mayor later . calhoun pop a couple in he mouth . calhoun when I be a kid we use to go to vidalia , they have a little Greek Orthodox church there . the restaurant people and shoemaker from natchez across the river hold Sunday service , but in the spring they have put on this Greek Festival -- and I remember one time I win a footrace , and they have this littie stand they call mount Olympus and I step up on it and they laid a laurel wreath on my head . mayor how would you like that ? calhoun I love it . the Mayor look at calhoun and smile again , the oil from the pepper drop on the New York Times . mayor I , too . CUT to : - 65 int . private dine room , yale club - night a banner hang , " Yale Law School , " embroider across it the letterhead logo of Davis , Polk . the man in black tie , the woman and wife in evening gowns , judge stern across from he wife who keep a close eye on he . two ex - law partner , spencer and travis , be needle stern . spencer walter , the door be wide open . travis we share seven figure in profit last year , this one look like eight . spencer come back , look at all the money you ' will make . travis and the New York Times would have to find a new punch bag ! stern smile . , judge stern thanks for the offer . spencer come on back , walter -- he make a gesture to some of the young partner down the table , echoe " get off that bench ! " , " do yourself some good ! " judge stern ( smile ) I be flatter . ext . yale club - night judge stern and edna wait for they car . edna ° everybody be so nice -- judge stern so nice I go to the bathroom to throw up . edna walter ! 66 judge stern they think I be a crook . edna then why be they try to entice you back to the firm ? judge stern to put it in they word , ' what do one thing have to do with the other ? 's they car pull up , they get in . cut to : ext . ST . mary nos cemetery , fresh meadow , queen - day a large turnout of mourner , uniform police command , black strip of cloth over they badge , gravediggers , bagpiper and drummer . Elaine stand with she two child and she brother , police brass in the row behind they , in a corner of the VIP section be marybeth and linger at the edge of the gather , Holly . Police commissioner coonan be conclude the eulogy . coonan ... we need heroes badly , but we be grateful to have have one even for such a short time . and now , because the Mayor have unavoidably be detain on city duty , deputy Mayor calhoun will conclude . calhoun step forward . calhoun the brief professional life of Eddie Santos begin in the bronx , the 41st precinct , Fort Apache . last night a call come in for a local dise jockey from he old colleague , the boy of the 4 - 1 . they ask for a song of the pop rocker Jackson browne and it go like this -- . ' just do the step that you have be show by everyone you have ever know until the dance become you very own ( more ) vd 67 calhoun ( cont ‘d ) no matter how close to yours another 's step have grow in the end there be one dance you will do alone 's calhoun look down at the coffin . calhoun ( cont ’d ) in the end , there be one dance you 's 1ll do alone . {a moment ) Goodbye , Eddie . he step down , the bagpiper and drum strike up , thunder from the sky above as five police helicopter zoom overhead , one place vacant in the formation . the coffin be lower into the ground . priest man , thou art dust and unto dust you shall return . Elaine turn away , the child be restless , another priest hand the little boy a gold crucifix as Elaine 's brother lead the child away . the mourner pass in a file past Elaine . marybeth observe close by . Elaine stoops now to comfort one of she child who be cry , as she rise she find herself face to face with calhoun . elaine thanks for the word -- calhoun it 's the least we can do . marybeth , join Elaine and calhoun , shield the group . calhoun look at she inquiringly . marybeth ( to calhoun ) I be marybeth cogan , detective 's Endowment Association . good morning , Mr. deputy . where 's the * Mayor ? calhoun he have to go to Washington this morning on Convention business . marybeth a detective kill in the line of duty rate a Inspector 's funeral , that include the Mayor . marybeth hand calhoun she card . calhoun scrutinize it . calhoun very nice . he reach in he pocket for he own card . calhoun ( cont ’d ) Mrs. Santos , if there 's anything I can do , please call I . he hand Elaine he card . calhoun ( cont 'd ) and let I assure you , there ' 's no attempt to -- elaine where do they get that stuff in the newspaper ? at school they tell my little girl she daddy be a drug dealer . calhoun we nre all prey to the newspaper . marybeth never mind the newspaper , what about Internal affair ? what be that clown out there do ? calhoun follow marybeth 's gaze . as the grave be be cover and the astroturf roll up , two anomalous laborer in crisp bluejean , hold spade , stand by . they do no work , only observe the depart mourner closely . ext . frontage road , ST . mary 's cemetery - day Cars jamme up , mourner walk alongside towards a shuttle stop , crowd under a canopy , wait for the van to carry they out to city bus on Fresh meadow Lane . calhoun slow he car as he see marybeth stride along the road , a huge bag sling over she shoulder , erect and purposeful , athletic as hell . . calhoun where be you go ? 69 marybeth the city . calhoun I think we be in the city ? marybeth not if you be from queen . calhoun let 's start over . okay , where you go ? marybeth Manhattan . calhoun hop in . marybeth go fuck yourself . she walk on , he pull up alongside again . calhoun not to be disrespectful , but do not you realize the transportation department at St. Mary 's Cemetery be not prepare for a thousand people ? marybeth nine hundred and ninety - nine , we be expect the Mayor . calhoun you know you be go to wait under that plastic awning for a hour , then you be go to ride a queen bus , then slepp on the subway to Manhattan -- marybeth ' schlep ! 's not 's !' get the gumbo out of you yiddish ! he revs the car , marybeth glance at the crowd ahead of she , hopeless gridlock on the narrow frontage road , she open the passenger door and climb in . calhoun 's front seat be a mess , he just slide all he papers and presentation and graph . onto the floor in front of she , she rest she foot on then . calhoun pull out of the cemetery . ° pes 70 int . calhoun 's car , queen - day calhoun and marybeth drive along in silence . calhoun how do you feel about the l.i.e .? marybeth I hate the l.i.e . take the Grand Central , you will catch it at astoria boulevard . g‘head , I ' 11 show you . he swerve off into the further reach of queen , boulevard crowded with auto part store , cellular telephone shop , Greek family restaurant . marybeth ( cont ’d ) Eddie Santos be a good cop , you be do a vile thing . calhoun nobody 's do anything . marybeth you get all the answer , do not you ? calhoun . no , do not even have the question yet . a red light . marybeth pull over . he angle to the curb . marybeth ( cont ’d ) I get a question for you . calhoun ( carefully ) yes ? marybeth you hungry ? calhoun hungry enough to eat a boil sow 's head and wash it down with sourmash syllabub . rey 71 marybeth would you settle for a Philly Steak sandwich ? swing by that diner over there , the buccaneer . they make the best Philly Steak sandwich in New York City . or do you call they Philadelphia Steak sandwich ? calhoun smile , as he jockey twoard the diner , they drift into silence . a moment . calhoun who be we go to meet in this diner ? - marybeth what be you talk about ? calhoun you surface in front of my car at the cemetery , you look in the right direction for I to stop , and the Grand Central Parkway be the long way around . who do you want to meet ? marybeth ' Albert Holly , he be Santos 's partner two year ago when tino Zapatti walk . calhoun thank you . int . ' the buccaneer 's diner , astoria boulevard - day calhoun , marybeth and Holly be seat at a corner table , calhoun 's and marybeth 's plate empty but for bit of roll , fry onion , meat and cheese . marybeth smother a burp with she fist . silence . holly ..- Eddie Santos be a pitbull . calhoun pitbull be ugly but they be not stupid , what be he do without a * backup ? be 72 marybeth probably look to make a collar . get tino on a probation violation . how do he know what be go to happen ? calhoun that tino Zapatti be armed and dangerous ? how much of a surprise could that have be ? holly there have to be someone else there . calhoun if there be , why do not Santos let anybody else know ? holly because it be he collar . he make that case on tino and then the judge go south . Eddie go crazy when he hear that sentence , I have to tie he down in the hallway . there be no way tino Zapatti could have walk two year ago ... unless interested party have the judge ih they pocket . calhoun walter stern be a jurist of national reputation -- holly I do not care if he 's Oliver wendall holme ! someone get to he . or above he . or beside he . I know it and Eddie know it , the only difference between Eddie and I be he get excited and I go to the four - one to disappear -- no medal for I , thank you . you get five helicopter fly overhead , on the other hand , you be six foot under . he belch . holly ( cont ’d ) they do not grill the onion and pepper first , this be less Philly than South Jersey . calhoun I may be back to you -- holly please do not . and do not get excited . after a moment . holly ( cont ’d ) ( to calhoun ) what I be say be , stop look for a speak part . ( to marybeth ) and you , back off . both of yez want to stay far away from this one . he reach for the remain of calhoun 's alka - seltzer , drain it . int . part 72 , criminal court build - day a trial in progress . judge stern preside , the usual sad complement of d.a. ' 's and attorney , Court officer , he Law Secretary , a few courtroom groupy , the defendant with he head in he hand , and the prosecutor , while face the jury , question a defense witness on a obscure point . calhoun enter , gaze around at the nearly empty courtroom , the desultory proceedings , he reach in he pocket , scribbles a note on the back of a envelope . calhoun can you give this to the judge ? a Court Officer on read the card nod ingratiatingly , hand the note up to the judge . judge stern look out over the courtroom , see calhoun in he seat , calhoun nod politely , judge stern turn he attention back to the dron prosecutor . judge stern where be you go with this Mr. mackenzie ? prosecutor this witness interpret the defendant 's v.a. record one way , we psychologist interpret it * another -- judge stern and another and another until the end of time . so much for expert witness . let 's take a break , 11:15 all right for everybody ? 73 74 he do not wait for a response , leave the bench , nod to the nearest Court Officer , and disappear through a door to chamber . the Court Officer beckon calhoun . int . part 72 chamber - day calhoun face stern in a small , batter room , a office with no identification . judge stern 's I can only sentence in accordance with the conviction . Mr. Zapatti be convict of criminal possession in the 4th Degree . . calhoun they find a kilo in he car -- judge stern be it you intention to try the case again , Mr. calhoun ? calhoun there be a rap sheet -- judge stern Mr. calhoun ! I be certified to the State of New York as a Supreme Court judge , and you be sit here be - argue a two - year - old case . you be out of line , sir , and I be go the so inform the Mayor . calhoun I be here on the Mayor 's behalf . judge stern then why do not anyone notify I that you be come ? a moment . calhoun I be sorry . judge stern shift . judge stern do you think I have sleep the last two night ? do not you realize I know what a mistake I make ? but I do have guideline . have you forget the symbol of justice , two scale ? ( more ) . 75 judge stern ( cont ’d ) on the one hand there be a vicious killer , on the other a low - class first conviction accompany by a positive probation report . the guideline say , on a first conviction I let the felon out under close supervision . he close the file . judge stern ( cont ’d ) I be wrong . calhoun blink , stare at a crack on the empty wall , judge stern ( cont ’d ) forgive the surroundings . Municipal gothic permeate not only the atmosphere but creep into the judicial system as well . Leo will show you out . judge stern re-enter the courtroom . ' ext . santos house , bayside , queen - day a blue-and - white patrol car be park outside the house , a police officer wait at the wheel . int . second floor , santos house - day Elaine emerge from a bedroom , captain florio , uniform brass , be behind she . Elaine be agitate . elaine that 's it ! you satisfied ?! capt . florio no basement or anything --? elaine you see it , the rumpus room . . capt . florio the knotty pine with the pool table ? elaine that 's right -- Captain . capt . florio Mrs. Santos , I be only do my job , I really be sorry -- '' 76 elaine sorry , crap ! you be snooping around Eddie 's house like a Nazi . capt . florio please , you know this be the last thing I want to do -- elaine then why do not you get the heli out of Internal affair , or get into a suit like the rest of the rat ! the telephone ring in a alcove , she pick it up . elaine ( cont ’d ) ( phone ) . hello ! -- yeah , yeah ... two bar have be in here all morning -- he go over the place from top to bottom ... capt . florio wait on the landing for Elaine to finish she conversation , as he wait he notice frame photograph of the Santos 's family life , one of they be of a summer place , a cottage overlook a lake , Elaine and Eddie with they arm around each other , friend and relative present , drink in they hand . capt . florio put on he glass , examine the photograph as Elaine continue on the telephone . elaine ( cont ’d ) you have get to do something about Eddie ' 's pension , they be go to try and reduce it . and what happen to the Police Memorial Award , the precinct say it go automatically to the next of kin ... well , this piece of brass be not here to give I any award ... capt . florio have learn what he want to from the photograph , he wave a abrupt goodbye to Elaine , trot down the stair . CUT to : int . mayor ‘s office - day the Mayor preside , abe sit in calhoun 's chair , all City commissioner present include coonan of the Police . he throw silence . 77 mayor ( read ) ' the issue of judicial inconsistency have not be respond to by the Mayor . why be minority prisoner incarcerate in the Devil 's Island of municipal jail , riker 's and other , while that with political and mob connection be permit to go free ? why do such a respected bastion of the bench , walter stern , fall asleep over a flabby probation report ? blood on East harlem street , a child rest in a coffin and a star detective 's death go unexplain . the incident on 117th Street ? when will sense be make of it ? 's down the newspaper . coonan be that the New York Times ? mayor ' it 's not the irish echo , Gerry . mayor ( cont ’d ) the media be close in . this goddamn thing in East harlem be kill we -- ( to Leslie ) -- what do you hear from Washington ? leslie rubber . I could not reach Senator marquand on the phone all morning . abe they read the New York Times down there while they wait for they cut - in on the today show . mayor where 's Kevin , for God 's sake ? he 's point man on Washington . abe Centre Street . mayor for what , Centre Street ? 78 no one have the answer , nor be particularly interested . mayor ( cont ’d ) okay , bear down , everybody . more cop on the street , streamline fire , push extension of rent control for senior , another environmental study on king County Hospital , paint the queensboro Bridge ! abe to who do we let out the contract ? mayor call standards and appeal , tell they to find we a cheapie . that way we can paint it again . leslie this year or next ? mayor this ! it 's a election year , people . go! go! go ! they disperse . the Mayor hurry 's down a staircase to a second office . int . mayor 's basement office - day a cozy dungeon , a tv tune to CNN play soundlessly in a ceiling corner , calhoun be bent over a desk , write furiously on a legal pad . mayor where you be ? calhoun look up . mayor ( cont ’d ) you do not have to answer that . ( smile ) I miss you . calhoun judge walter stern . mayor what about he ? calhoun I drop by to say hello . 79 mayor hello , or hello ? calhoun what do you mean ? mayor a old fundraiser joke . for 500 I wink , for 2500 I shake hand , for $ 000 I kiss you on the lip ! ( calhoun smile ) hello be not always hello . calhoun I check he out this morning . he 's a impressive guy . mayor I could have tell you that . the Mayor be measure calhoun . mayor ( cont ’d ) hello be not hello , be it ? calhoun I get a funny feel , ' this one 's not over yet -~ mayor okay , ride point . but stay close to the Police commissioner . do not get — too far out front . the Blue Wall be very jealous of they investi - gation . calhoun nod , grateful for the counsel . cuT to : ext . cottage , kerhonkson , n.y. , — day a tiny lakefront cottage . a media circus , t.v. camera and reporter , print people with notebook , state trooper milling around , calhoun be present . the latticework have be pull out from under the porch , technician in orange jump suit " police " emblazon on the back , digging underneath the dwelling . move in on Captain florio , the nypd officer who question Elaine , in plainclothes now , seat in a unmark car , observe the proceedings . 80 int . frank anselmo 's house , brooklyn - day anselmo be sit in front of a t.v. , scrutinize the mid - day news , the lead story picture from kerhonkson . t.v. announcer ..- forty -thousand dollar in cash be find in detective Santos 's strong box at he summer cottage on Lake kerhonkson in Ulster County . what be Santos do with forty - thousand dollar ? why be the money bury ? what be its connection with the death of James bone and tino Zapatti ? anselmo 's telephone ring , he pick it up . anselmo ( phone ) I '' watch already ... ext . santos house , bayside , queen - day marybeth pull up in she car , jump out , head for the house , ring the bell , Elaine answer . wordlessly marybeth enter , follow Elaine into the l'ive room , take a seat next to she in front of the t.v . elaine can you believe this shit ? we never set foot in that dump after Eddie 's father die , it 's full of hornet 's nest -- marybeth yeah . busy hornet -- elaine and never in we life do we see 4000 in cash much less forty . on t.v a microphone be thrust in front of calhoun , he respond to a flurry of question . calhoun ( t.v . ) * ... the Mayor understand the implication of the State trooper 's discovery in Ulster County this morning , but he would like to stress this be implication only . moreover , until a connection can be make between detective Santos and the 40000 dollar -- . be on 81 in bayside , Elaine 's telephone ring , she rise . calhoun ( cont ‘d ) ( t.v . ) -- or it can be determine from where this money issue , no conclusion can be draw . on t.v. more question from the Press , calhoun field they expertly . Elaine answer the ringing phone . elaine hello ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) there 's only two people in this world that know that 's not Eddie 's money . you -- and I . Elaine snap she finger , point upstairs to the alcove , marybeth go to a second phone as Elaine click off the t.v. : elaine who be this ? . vinnie ( v.0 . ) never mind . I can get you out of this . I can deliver you the pension , and the medal and everything you have get come to you . you want ‘em ? elaine who be you ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) you want ‘em or do not you ? elaine sure , sure I want they . I want Eddie 's name clear . vinnie ( v.0 . ) I like Eddie and Eddie like I . I + want to help you , but you get to help I . elaine what 's that mean ? vinnie ( v.o. ) a airplane ticket and ten thousand dollar . 82 elaine ten thousand dollar ? marybeth ( interrupt ) we be talk a lot of money . what have you get ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) who the hell be you ?! marybeth marybeth cogan , detective 's Endowment Association . what have you get ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) Nice voice . and I like the cut in { the Post . do you always carry attache case to funeral ? marybeth what have you get ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) I make the meeting for ' Eddie with tino so he could give up what he know about the judge . marybeth and what be that ? vinnie ( v.0 . ) ten thousand and a plane ticket -- I will give you the destination later . marybeth you information be worth nothing unless I can bring a witness . vinnie ( v.0 . ) a who ? marybeth a witness . vinnie ( v.0 . ) you be disturb . marybeth then goodbye -- re 83 vinnie ( v.0 . ) do not be such a smartass . I give you a taste -- because I know you need I . marybeth you need I just as badly . now where do we meet ? int . marybeth 's car - harlem river drive - night the light from the drive be reflect in the river , they bounce off the windshield , illuminate marybeth and calhoun 's face . marybeth Big paulie have two sister , Marie and annette . vinnie 's annette 's boy , tino be Marie 's -- a jittery marybeth have a near collision , calhoun flinch , whistle softly . marybeth ( cont ’d ) do not say it , ' where have you get you license , in a grab-bag ? ' 's calhoun no , you drive great . but please do not get I kill before we get there . marybeth get you kill ? what about I ? if I be look to save my ass , do you think I have be up here ? calhoun smile , swallow what he be about to say . marybeth ( cont ’d ) and do not tell I ' nice ass ' either . he laugh . calhoun if you nre go to pick on I , what * do you bother to bring I for ? marybeth because you be the most important person I know in city government . and if vinnie Zapatti be willing to . talk in front of you , my client 's home free . . b4 calhoun sigh , he be not impressed . marybeth ( cont ’d ) okay , if it 's such a chore , why do you come ? calhoun there be a triple homicide in East harlem , remember ? marybeth happens all the time . just another incident . calhoun this be more than a incident . marybeth how do you know ? calhoun I get a feel . mary beth so you be follow you nose ? calhoun ' wherever it take I . ( a moment ) so vinnie and tino be cousin ? marybeth do not they have cousin in Louisiana ? calhoun down there , we be all cousin . if you have get a cousin , you have get a vote . marybeth then why do not you run for office . instead of carry the Mayor 's bag ? calhoun I consider it a honor not only to * carry he bag but also fill it at night with the thing I think the city need . marybeth .. the kingmaker , the man behind : the throne -- 85 calhoun you go to be a rude bitch or be you go to help I solve we mutual problem ? marybeth smile . marybeth . you get that marshmallow drawl but like Elaine say , you talk out of both side of you mouth . calhoun now wait a minute -- marybeth that statement of yours today , you cover every base and the pitcher 's mound as well . calhoun you do not like politician -- marybeth you be no politician . poltician run for office . you be a walker . calhoun my aunt Molly use to say lawyer be like teenager . you can not do anything about either of they . but y'know what ? marybeth what ? calhoun sometimes teenager can be sexy as hell . marybeth blink , do not say anything . calhoun ( cont ’d ) where be we ? marybeth the northern tip of Manhattan . if Peter stuyvesant have be smart he would have franchise this corner before the dominican get to then . calhoun | vinnie sure pick a strange place -- . 86 marybeth he 's impersonate mafia . vinnie Zapatti 's a joke to he uncle . but a dangerous joke . as far as I be concerned , they be all dangerous joke . calhoun I would not write this folk off yet -- marybeth I say they be dangerous . ext . dyckman STREET - night marybeth park at the east end of the street , they get out , lock the car . she look around . marybeth nada . a quiet end of this busy thoroughfare , almost adjacent to the harlem River . across the street , a dimly light outdoor stand . marybeth ( cont ’d ) how about something to eat ? can I introduce you to a taqueria ? calhoun I be still work on the Philly Steak sandwich . ext . dyckman STREET taqueria - night the taqueria lady serve marybeth and calhoun styrofoam cup of stew . marybeth se have sabroso ahora . ( look good tonight --) taqueria lady todo esta bueno con Los hermanos ~ Perez . | ( everything be good at Los hermanos Perez . ) marybeth Rico y picante . ( Nice and spicy . ) rr 87 taqueria lady se va rizar el bello en los pecho de tu novio . ( it 's go to curl the hair on the chest of you boyfriend . ) marybeth no es mis novio . ( he 's not my boyfriend . ) taqueria lady entonce porque the esta mirando de esa manera ? ( then why do he look at you that way ? ) - she laugh , marybeth do not , pay quickly , present calhoun with a container of the chili-look stuff . they head back across the street towards a slip jutting out into the river . calhoun what be she laugh about there ? marybeth never you mind . calhoun * hey , I get a little creole in I , I know a dirty Spanish laugh when I hear one . he take a big spoonful . calhoun ( cont ’d ) what be this -- this be good . marybeth dominican stew . calhoun . yeah , what 's in it ?- marybeth cut a calf 's foot in four piece , put it into a pan with the stomach lining of a cow , add a little onion and chili pepper and cover it with water and let it simmer for four hour ... calhoun hold a mouthful in he mouth . marybeth ( cont 'd ) then remove the calf 's foot , strip off the fleshy part -- vinnie do not turn around . marybeth and calhoun freeze , painfully calhoun swallow the mouthful . vinnie ( cont ’d ) ( to marybeth ) who be this ?! mary beth the deputy Mayor . vinnie ooo , wow , you do not have the juice , marybeth ? marybeth do not get smart , vinnie , we be the ' only prayer you get . vinnie , behind they , pat calhoun down . marybeth ( cont ’d ) I think you say slip one - twelve --? ' vinnie I do , that 's how I get a preview of you . it 's one - nineteen . move . ext . vinnie 's boat - night a ancient inboard , the deck wet from a slight leak , vinnie proudly man the tiller , marybeth and calhoun alongside as they pass under the railroad bridge over spuyten divil and head south down the Hudson . calhoun this a stingray ? vinnie you know boat ? calhoun '' I once work on a shrimper like this . vinnie this be no stingray . this be a piece of shit , they call it a searay . I want the sting but my uncle would not pop for it . pe 89 marybeth you uncle like boat ? vinnie he would not know a cleaver from a cleat . this be my dream , you know , to get free of the goombah - run a charter in the island - Santos be go to help I . calhoun how ? vinnie find I client . if I have meet he earlier I would never have be in this mess . vinnie steer expertly past a buoy . vinnie ( cont ’d ) there 's Fort Lee over there . they bury tino only a few foot from where Aaron burr offed Alex Hamilton . calhoun ' Excuse I ? vinnie yeah , burr want more turf south of the Texas border , Hamilton would not go for it so he take he out . the mexican be always cause trouble . marybeth you be quite the history buff . - vinnie I know every inch of this river and both shore . the thing I could have do if tino have not get the drop on Eddie . all Santos want be information on the judge . marybeth be there any ? vinnie who know , it all happen so fast . one thing Santos be sure of , when tino and he lawyer go into that courtroom , they have probation in they pocket . be 90 calhoun who give they that assurance ? vinnie someone who want the five - to- ten mandatory out the window . calhoun and the ' someone 's be who ? vinnie : that you get with the 10,000 and the plane ticket . come up with it by tomorrow . we meeting be adjourned . calhoun and marybeth look around , the boat be in the middle of the Hudson River . vinnie make a hard leave turn , head for a noisy waste treatment plant overhange the Manhattan shore . calhoun why do not you let we bring you in ? marybeth we 'il put you in the Witness Protection Program . vinnie I have get my own Witness Protection Program . the Manhattan shore loom up . calhoun what 's this ? vinnie you be get off here -- with the garbage . ext . 125th and 12 th avenue , manhattan - night a huge garbage elevator open up on the street level , calhoun and marybeth emerge onto the roadway , empty of car and people . . two dot 's in the darkness , they voice be hear over as they walk east . marybeth ( v.0 . ) what a slimeball -~ calhoun ( v.0 . ) and not a very courteous ' one , either . c " 91 marybeth ( v.0 . ) what be all that stuff about Aaron burr ? calhoun ( v.0 . ) a goombah with a mba . ' what about we car , vinnie ? 's marybeth ( v.0 . ) ' I be not run a water taxi ! 's calhoun ( v.0 . ) we be lucky we do not get compact . the rustle of figure down the street , " wilding , " a pack of West harlem teenager , boom box blaring , reverse baseball ] cap and baggy pants and laceless high basketball shoe , whoops and hollers , the flash of a knife . calhoun pull marybeth under the West side highway overpass , the slime of a gutter , a fat rat chirp , calhoun hold marybeth protectively , he arm surround she . calhoun 's Pov - 125 th STREET - night down the street , one flicker light be visible , he squint , the half moon and star of a tarot reader 's shingle come into focus . . but the " wilding " be closer now , looping around a corner . calhoun let 's go ! he take she hand , they sprint towards the light . the holler behind they louder now , they duck into the dim light through a curtain to the street , the gang on the street whoop and holler more ... but then pass on . int . tarot reader , 125 th STREET ~ night sophie , a elderly reader , sit behind a low table cover with a cloth hold down at the corner by ornament . there be a vase of water on a side table next to .a candle . ° sophie good evening . calhoun you get a phone ? sophie only to the future . ) 92 marybeth could you call we a taxi ? calhoun -~ but in the present . sophie Edward ! a dark - eye urchin appear from behind a back curtain , she bark a order to he in romany , he run out into the street . : sophie ( cont ’d ) ( to marybeth ) you nre in far deeper than he be . Sophie quickly shuffles she tarot card . marybeth what do you say ? sophie I say you be in far deeper than he be . she shuffles again , present the deck to marybeth . calhoun hey , wait a minute . we be look for a taxi , not a fortune teller . sophie a fortune could be in front of you eye and you would not know it . she shuffles again , present the deck to marybeth . sophie ( cont ’d ) cut . you taxi will take awhile . they disdain the neighborhood . but Edward will find one . marybeth look at calhoun . calhoun . {to Sophie ) how much ? Sophie take she watch off and she bracelet . oom 93 sophie ( cont ’d ) ( to calhoun ) that will be 25 dollar for you and -- ( to marybeth ) fifty for you . marybeth hey ! sophie you be in far more danger than he be . marybeth laugh . marybeth can I write you a check ? sophie I take mastercharge , Visa and Discovery . calhoun ( to marybeth ) I all front you . I like ! the idea of the detective Endowment Association be in debt to the deputy Mayor . calhoun pay and they sit . Sophie give the tarot card to marybeth to shuffle . after she shuffles , Sophie pass the deck to calhoun . sophie cut three time . calhoun comply , Sophie deal , lay down nine card in three row . she regards they very carefully . calhoun check around , pair of child 's eye peek from behind a curtain , the candle burn in the corner beside the water . calhoun what 's the water and the candle for ? * sophie to receive the spirit of my grandmother that reside in this house . calhoun and marybeth exchange look . 94 sophie ( cont ’d ) u ( ( to marybeth , point ws to card ) the King of cup - I feel a mate around you -- knight of sword - you career not certain ... the right path have not be decide upon - the six of cup - the only people you choose to spend time with be you friend - they keep you from fall in love - you be afraid to move towards what you feel -- she turn to calhoun . — sophie ( cont ’d ) the four of cup - fearful of trust you heart , the four of pentacle - but you do believe in yourself . marybeth smile . sophie ( cont ’d ) ( to marybeth ) do not interrupt ! ( to calhoun ) Queen of cup - the ideal mate be around you now -- instilis confidence , she influence have already begin -- 7 calhoun and marybeth be look at each other now , three pair of eye , one higher than the next , now stare at then from behind Sophie 's curtain . sophie ( cont ’d ) what be the reason you be stay away from each other ? ( to marybeth ) you get you hope up , then two second later it 's fuck off , you be get in my face . {to calhoun ) . you be afraid she will come on to you and then she will say no . marybeth 's and calhoun 's face be inch from each other now . but a horn beeps outside . sophie ( cont ’d ) a '' you taxi have arrive . . calhoun there 's one more card . 9s marybeth we be go to lose the taxi -- calhoun let he go . marybeth you be crazy ! calhoun I want to see that card . Sophie bark a command in romany to Edward outside , the SOUND of the taxi gun away from the curb . sophie ( to calhoun ) you want to see this card ? calhoun wait . sophie ( cont ’d ) you charge be now fifty dollar as well . marybeth ' this be a scam -- calhoun and worth every penny of it . he pay she the additional money and Sophie turn the card over , stare at it a long time . sophie you have be together in a past life , I want to say no -- but it keep come through -- yes , you have be together -- what be the reason you be stay away from each other now ? a moment . calhoun '' because of what happen in the past . marybeth this be all bullshit , be not it ? . calhoun : of course . C be ’ere . 96 they mouth be a inch from each other 's , Sophie disappear . they kiss . marybeth if you come to my place , how will I get my car ? calhoun I ’1l1 send somebody from the 34th precinct . marybeth but he will not have a key . calhoun he 's a cop , be not he ? if a cop can not break into a car , I 'il cashier he . marybeth but how do we get to my place now ? I live in Brooklyn . calhoun we get a gypsy reader . she will call we a gypsy cab . the grandmother candle flicker out . int . marybeth 's apartment , park slope , brooklyn - night marybeth and calhoun kissing in the darkness hungrily , yet something keep they apart . calhoun why do not you turn on the light ? marybeth because there 's nothing to see . calhoun it 's you apartment , be not it ? marybeth patchouli in a goldfish bowl , a scarf over the banister , a parasol en the wall . like every other girl 's apartment in Park slope . calhoun miss cogan -- marybeth you call ? 97 calhoun right now , and for a time to come , we do not know how long -- marybeth yeah , nothing be forever -- calhoun shut up , I be do the talk . now hear this : there 's no one else like you -~ in Park slope -- in Brooklyn -- in the five borough of the city -~ or in ali the entire irish Catholic Church . marybeth aw , you tell all the girl that . calhoun okay , if you know my part so well , what do I say next ? marybeth let 's make love . they fall to the floor , be at each other 's clothes . when they be nude , they kiss again . calhoun on which wall be the parasol ? marybeth it 's not on the wall . it 's over the bed . calhoun so I ‘1ll see it in the morning ? marybeth of course . they make love . . curt to : ext . 79 th STREET boat basin , manhattan - morning the SOUND of a man pee over the side of he boat , the SOUND stop abruptly , move in on the man 's face , he blink , stare . 98 man ‘s Pov - vinnie 's boat headed right for he , catch the chop of the river in the morning , but a drag on it which keep it in control . the drag be vinnie 's body be pull from the stern , the anchor chain wrap around it . the man snatch a rubber- tip docking pole , hold off vinnie 's boat just in time before it crash . into he own . cuut to : int . CITY hall - morning a excited calhoun hurry up the step from the basement entrance , he forehead furrow as he sense the activity upstairs , he pass George at the Intel Police desk . GEORGE good morning . calhoun hesitates , warn by George 's expression . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) the shark be already circle ... calhoun sense George look past h'im , calhoun turn around , cluster of Reporters be push into the Blue roon . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) another Zapatti -- calhoun wait . GEORGE ( cont ’d ) washed up . calhoun swallow , hurry towards he office , meet abe on the way , a sheaf of Press releases in hand . Leslie and Assistant Press secretaries , along with Police commissioner coonan , be on abe as. heel . abe ( to calhoun ) you know what the talmud say do not you ? ' Dead man tell no tale . 's calhoun shake he head disapprovingly . abe you want better , 1 /11 give you better . ' shroud have no pocket . 's 99 before calhoun can respond , abe and he entourage have proceed on into the Blue room . calhoun enter he office , press a button on he computer , pull up the last item on the night 's police report , ' 5:30 a.m. , male , white , 29 , 79th Boat basin , identify as Vincent Zapatti ... 's calhoun keep read as he pick up the phone , check a number on he desk , dial . marybeth hello -- ? calhoun I wake you up . marybeth be you crazy ? I have be up half the night try to figure out how to 's raise 10,000 dollar . the hook be in , I be close , vinnie be Eddie Santos 's passport to a honorable death , all I get to do be reel hin in now -- calhoun vinnie 's dead . silence , calhoun scan the police report . calhoun ( cont ’d ) ( read ) ' hand and foot be bound in a three - inch chain , ship 's chandlery - type .../ marybeth keep talk -- calhoun ( cont ’d ) ' the preliminary forensics reveal blow from a blunt instrument ... 's he drift into silence , interrrupted ‘by the SOUND of calhoun 's printer chatter with further item on the police report . . calhoun ( cont ’d ) if he foot have not catch in the doughnut -- marybeth in the what ? a moment . 200 calhoun the life preserver , he would have float right out under the verrazano Bridge and back to he forebear in Sicily . — mary beth oh God -- calhoun head up . marybeth for what ? calhoun we do not know yet . you car should have be deliver by now . when you go out , check under it . marybeth oh , for God 's sake ! calhoun not for his , for yours . I care about you , remember ? marybeth I be touch . calhoun you fuck well better be -- marybeth then come back here and get into bed , calhoun leave the car park . take the subway today . call I when you get . to you office . silence . calhoun ( cont ’d ) what 's the matter ? marybeth poor vinnie . 101 — _ calhoun { yeah , we be he first and last . charter . int . 41st precinct , the bronx - day calhoun approach the desk sergeant . calhoun Lieutenant Holly ? desk sergeant who shall I say be call ? calhoun deputy Mayor calhoun . desk sergeant yes , sir ! through the door , up the stair . int . detective 's squadroom , 41st precinct - day four detective , include Holly , around a table , cigarettes , coffee , the day 's tabloid spread out . Holly we glance up as calhoun enter . ' & holly - ( to the other ) I 'il see yez later . Three detective disappear , leave calhoun and Holly alone . holly ( cont ’d ) I do not have a lot of time today -- calhoun I clear this with Captain ferretti , he say for you to take all the time you need . holly you pull rank on I ? calhoun - yes . holly look for a new shoe size ? calhoun cement -c. a ( silence ) ' - I know the joke , Holly . '' what I need now be the straight line . 102 Holly be silent . calhoun ( cont ’d ) I be go to give it to you bad . the Police commissioner work for the Mayor . holly what 's you point ? calhoun trust I or fuck you . holly stand up ! the bark of Holly 's command startles calhoun , he stand up immediately , Holly pat he down , when calhoun show himself to be clean , Holly 's mood change , the belligerence go , only anxiety remain . they sit . . holly ( cont ’d ) Eddie call I from Manhattan South -- calhoun ' the night before ? holly yeah , he want I to come with hin . calhoun study Holly . calhoun you do not go . you do the right thing . holly no , I do not . he have no business go up there without a ' ghost . 's calhoun what 's that ? - holly * the shadow that should have be I . plus a raft of backup . it 's Department policy on a drug buy . ( after a moment ) but Eddie be such a hothead -- the kind that never cool off -- calhoun . what do you want to tell I ? 103 C holly | there be another probation report . it set tino up for the max , 10 to 20 -- calhoun what happen to it ? holly I do not know . calhoun who write it ? holly that 's all I get . Holly 's eye be wet . holly ( cont ' D ) I be go to sell the boat , I be go to give the money to Eddie 's kid . after a moment . oo x calhoun you keep that boat , Holly , that boat be good for you . calhoun head for the door , Holly call out . holly Mr. deputy ! calhoun yeah ? holly probation Officer -- calhoun name ? holly * James wakeley . but you will not find he on Leonard Street . calhoun where be he ? ~ holly . . upstate . work parole . ) 104 ext . attica prison , upstate new york - day the infamous institution set in the green meadow of a roll countryside , the tower and catwalk throw shadow on this bright sunny day . a taxi approach the gate . int . attica prison - day calhoun and marybeth move through a series of complicated checkpoint , be ushere into a " conference room , " a dingy , cramped space with a narrow window . another door open , jame wakeley , 51 , Black , enter , he stop to check out calhoun and marybeth . wakeley wear a suit shiny with wear , a denim shirt and tie . wakeley . I tell you people not to come up here . you make a long trip for nothing . marybeth do you want to tell I the truth now , Mr. wakeley , or do you . want to do it under oath ? wakeley raise he eyebrow at marybeth . wakeley you look to grow a pair of brass ball , miss ? marybeth no thank you , I be do well enough without they . silence . calhoun what 's you job , Mr. wakeley ? wakeley , . New York State parole Officer . better pay , better pension -- he look out the window . marybeth nicer surroundings . wakeley you think so ? calhoun what happen to tino Zapatti ? co 105 wakeley he 's dead , be not he ? calhoun I be talk two year ago . wakeley he get probation , but I end up serve he sentence . when I squawk , schwartzie make it clear if I do not leave the Department I no be label a chronic malcontent and they would terminate I . I say I be go to show up in court anyway -- and then I get a visit from a guy -- marybeth who be that ? wakeley I work on the sixth floor on Leonard Street . he say he be go to show I a better way than the elevator out of my office . ( carefully ) here , my office be on the ground floor . and it 's far , far away . calhoun what sentence do you recommend ? wakeley ten to 20 , I see that rap sheet . tino be push drug to kid , not do it himself but worse , have the kid deal for he . the weapon from a previous homicide ? that get lose in the second report . marybeth a secong report --? calhoun you mean the good one ? wakeley yeah . when I see it , I almost fall over . calhoun who order it ? wakeley that I do not know . on 106 marybeth why do not you ask ? silence . wakeley a sudden urge overcame I to move to the country , and I forget all about it . and now if you will excuse not , you people better get out of here . my lumbago tell I snow be come . you better hurry -- buffalo get sock in pretty fast . wakeley go . the SOUND of door open and close . calhoun and marybeth turn to the window , wakeley be move along a catwalk , now he enter a platform office , a sign read " New York State parole SERVICES . " CUT to : ext . new york central railroad station , upstate new york - snow a passenger train halt at the station . calhoun and marybeth be huddle in the vestibule of one of the car , a blanket of white over this village a few mile east of Rome , New York . ' the few light in the town blink a hundred yard away . . a conductor set down a lantern by the step . calhoun how long ? conductor about a hour . marybeth a hour ?! conductor you do not want to suffocate in a tunnel , do you ? they get to dig one out a few mile ahead - meanwhile , enjoy the snow . calhoun you can not eat snow . conductor try the diner . . marybeth . any good --? 107 conductor it be last week when we get snow in . the lemon pudding 's not bad - but be back in a half . int . the floyd diner - night a waitress wait to take calhoun 's and marybeth 's order . rr she go . , life . marybeth i’1l take a hamburger , french fries and a Coke . calhoun lemon pudding . waitress you - get it . marybeth why be this call the floyd diner instead of floyd 's diner ? waitress * Cause you be in floyd , New York . marybeth . floyd , New York . that 's like clyde , New Jersey . can you imagine spend you life in a place like this ? calhoun ; yes . grew up in one . instead of snow we have rain , hurricane and flood . ferriday , Louisiana . across the river from the mossy mansion of natchez . marybeth ( lightly ) . you be really into that magnolia crap , be not you ? calhoun my daddy say he have rather wake up beside the road in a sleep bag than in any city in the world . there be something about small town . silence . 108 marybeth then what be you do in New York ? calhoun I be a aspirant . I aspire to something -- and end up wallowing in shit . marybeth then why do not you get out ? calhoun not until I have finish what I have start . marybeth what 's that mean ? carry the Mayor 's bag and spin-doctore the New York Times ? calhoun you do take on . marybeth do not rhett butler I , ' Colonel . you be look for medal , all I be leok for be another probation report -- calhoun and that 's all . so you can clear you client . triple the pension , a Medal of honor , and a big fat notch in you detective Endowment Association 's attorney 's belt . marybeth you be too holy for I , pal , you be riding a white charge , load with principle -- . calhoun : we have get to find out who be behind that probation report . marybeth you do not sound like a spin-control doctor , you sound like a loose cannon . : calhoun so be it ! . on a moment . 109 marybeth but who know where it lead ? turn over the rock , the other side 's like quicksand . and I can see a widow 's pension get suck down into it . marybeth ( cont ’d ) I deal in the real . I be from New York . calhoun and I be not . where I come from the Mayor still cut hair and lead a dance band on weekend . marybeth you sound like one of that old life magazine in my grandfather 's garage in Valley stream . calhoun why do you make love to I ? marybeth because I be drunk with tarot card and a breezy boat ride and feed you menudo . but now I be shiver in this goddamn upstate blizzard and I can not wait to get home to cash in for my client . calhoun I think you be -- to use one of you expression -- fulla shit . I think it be no more menudo and tarot card than it be subway token . what it be , be love . but you be too tough on the outside to ever let go with what 's inside -- marybeth please , I can turn on Oprah at four o'clock . calhoun there you go . a Mick with street smart . no nun be ever go to whack I with a ruler again . I have get the soul of a pit boss . but how come I cry myself to sleep ? marybeth you be a mean prick , you know that ? 110 calhoun where I come from , that 's a compliment . now I 'il say it to you straight . I be crazy about you . marybeth okay , I be out of here ! she get up to go , but bump right into the waitress . waitress hamburger , fries and a Coke ? marybeth T / 1l take that . waitress and the lemon pudding ? marybeth I will take that , too . she grab the dessert and balance it on the hamburger and fries . pump and all , marybeth march out into the snow . ' calhoun peer through the window , | watch she beat a high - heele path to the train . calhoun {to waitress ) we need another lemon pudding . he rub away the steam on the window , the train whistle , the mapleleaf Express pull out of floyd , New York . calhoun 's lemon pudding arrive , he dig in . suddenly he stand up , cross to a pay phone , place a business card on top of it , ' lawrence schwartz , n.¥.c. probation dept. , branch Officer , 's the card list a office and home phone number . calhoun dial . schwartz hello ? calhoun I have just meet a friend of yours ... CUT to : int . calhoun 's apartment , new york CITY , downtown - night calhoun loosen he tie , dishevel from the attica trip , start to turn on the television when he telephone ring . he pick up . 111 calhoun Kevin calhoun -~ ext . telephone booth , CITY STREET - night the middle of the night , schwartz be at the pay phone , he hold a piece of paper mark in bold red , ' copy .¢ schwartz ( phone ) I have get it -- calhoun where be you ? a man appear behind schwartz , he face not visible , he walk into frame . schwartz , sense someone behind hin , turn , he face freeze in terror . a gunshot . then another , and another . int . calhoun 's apartment - night move in on calhoun 's face , he ear press to the receiver , the phone line still open . he leave the phone dangle , throw on he jacket , hurry out into the corridor . int . calhoun 's apartment corridor ' - night calhoun ring the bell , but now notice on the tell - tale the - elevator be already ascend . he head for the fire stair . . int . stair , calhoun 's apartment house - night in full flight , calhoun run down the stair , a door slam above he , he quicken , leaping the step three at a time , use the rail as a vault . int . garage , calhoun 's apartment house - night he sprint for he car , unlock the door , insert the key into the ignition . . he halt , stare at the key , afraid ' to turn it on . a door slam in the garage , abruptly he switch on the ignition , the motor fire normaliy , calhoun drive away . CUT to : int . gracie mansion , new york CITY ~ night calhoun start past the intel , Jaime and trudy . 112 trudy na do not go up , Mr. calhoun , the missus want to see you in the kitchen . calhoun make a u-turn down the step and into the kitchen . Mrs. pappas be wait by a cut board . mrs . pappas I see you car come , forgive I for intercept you . she smile , adjust a pastry shell on a platter . mrs . pappas ( cont ’d ) try to go easy on he tonight , he 's elate but wear out . calhoun who 's here ? mrs . pappas marquand and a bunch of other from the Convention Committee . they be just get to the keynote ... Kevin , be you all right ? oo calhoun ' a I just have a bad phone call . mrs . pappas from home ? calhoun you could say that . mrs . pappas well , relax . Loop over to the Red room now , I 'il do the after-dinner drink and he 'o ] excuse himself . get it ? have : calhoun get it . . . . mrs. pappas . the star be lining up in the ~ 1 heaven , Kevin . * ( smile ) . give he a minute and a half . '' she head upstairs , calhoun go through a basement door . 113 int . red room , gracie mansion - night a hideaway , a table and chair for Saturday meeting , a new addition to the historic place , decorate dark red to give it a man 's club look . the Mayor position . calhoun -- what do you think ? mayor walter stern 's a good man . calhoun ' good 's ?! four people ‘’re dead . mayor get to the point . calhoun we throw the book at this guy , and you get out of the way . embrace the detective and he widow , a Medal of honor and the max death settlement - ( check he watch ) ' and then make sure Leslie make the morning edition with it . mayor you have get it all figure out . calhoun be not that my job ? take a deep breath , poise in some equivocal calhoun ( cont ’d ) forgive I , I know you be old friend . mayor be careful how you judge people , Kevin , most of all you friend . I have know walter stern for a long time , he be a man I could count on . calhoun but the body be pile up . tell I if there 's some other way -- mayor there be not . just go easy . give he a blindfold and have mercy . walter stern be tough but he be fair . we will give he back the same . of 114 calhoun 's about to break away , the Mayor grab he arn . mayor ( cont ’d ) and you , be careful . take George with you , let he drive . calhoun be about to protest but he feel the Mayor 's concern . calhoun I hear you . int . part 72 , new york state supreme court - day the trial in recess , the d.a. 's , Public defender , Court officer all in vary state of boredom and depression , the only one alert be judge stern 's Law Secretary , she have she eye on the door to the chamber . int . chamber , part 72 - day calhoun sit opposite judge stern , who be stare at a file . judge stern I know James wakeley would surface . calhoun not of he own accord . we have to dredge he up . judge stern when that bullet hit that boy , I know it would keep travel ... he drift off . calhoun and find its way --? judge stern to I . if only it have find I first . if only I could have step in front of he . silence . judge stern ( cont ’d ) regrets be pathetic , be not they ? J ) 215 stern 's lip tremble , he effort at maintain he judicial dignity falter , he slump in he chair . calhoun the Mayor have the high regard for you , judge -- judge stern and I for he . stern buckle now , he head fall into he hand , he shoulder rise and fall . he sob . calhoun ( quietly ) you resignation in about six month would be appropriate . silence . judge stern raise he head . judge stern six month do you say ? calhoun yes . judge stern how about six hour ? cuT to : int . library - yale club - late afternoon the rare Book corner , empty at this hour of the day . judge stern be seat with dean kerr , 70 , Dean emeritus of the Yale Law School , cup of tea between they , a plate of untouched sandwich . judge stern what will I do ..? dean kerr the right thing . judge stern and then what happen ? dean kerr you will fall into the water -- and float onto another shore . judge stern of the disbarre and the disgrace ? 116 dean kerr you have have a good run , walter . you know , you be the best law student I ever have . there 's no way you / 'il ever be a disappointment to I . judge stern why be you be so kind ? dean kerr you do not know it be go to turn out this way . judge stern all I want be to do some good . I be tired of be the white - shoe litigator . defend the arbitrageur and the 80x go - go boy -- and all it take be $ 50,000 to change my life . fifty -thousand and the judgeship be mine . I feel honore there be lot of other out there with the same 50,000 , but the one they take be mine . ridiculous , be not it ? dean kerr ' not at all -~ judge stern the law be pure , I think . I / 11 go back to the law . but to get there , I pay with my blood -- dean kerr as I say , walter , it 's just another shore . it will not be so strange once you set foot on it . ( a moment ) but I must ask you one question . when you go to hand the money over to anselmo --? . judge stern . in a brown paper bag . that be the moment . how should I fold the bag ? Roll the top down like my mother do for my baloney sandwich on a basketball trip ? or should I fold it neatly ? crumple it , perhaps -- dean kerr stop , walter . 117 judge stern that be what do I in . the bag be the River styx , when I fill it I be on my way to the other side . no turn back . dean kerr ' the first bite , 's as they say . judge stern tell I what to do . dean kerr make a clean breast . call the District Attorney , who be it anyway this day ? judge stern Harry Barclay . dean kerr a Yale boy , he x11 cushion thing for you . give Harry a call . judge stern blink , take out he handkerchief , wipe he cheek , refold the handkerchief carefully . int . blue the Press judge stern I already have . I be meeting he at he house at eight o'clock tonight . cuUT to : room , CITY hall + morning assemble , wait for the Conference to begin . sawyer ... they be late -- marx they have be in there since six o'clock . . gloria do not they know they part yet ? int . mayor 's office - morning the place crowded with aide , secretary , calhoun and abe run thing , but the Mayor very much in charge as he go over a statement with calhoun . 118 all three t.v.s be tune to the local network station , . ( picture of probation Department official be bring ~ into one hogan place , the d.a. 's headquarters , for question . calhoun ( read ) ' the recent revelation be not unprecedented . consider judge wachtel of the State Supreme Court , aman of impeccable credential who fall subject to some baser side in he nature ...’ mayor take it out , it sound like Shakespeare . calhoun the whole thing ? mayor keep the wachtel stuff , but say it plain . ~~ Leslie stick she head in the door . a leslie the shark be get hungry -- mayor okay , okay . give they a ' one minute . 's Leslie hurry out . mayor ( cont ’d ) ( to calhoun ) I do not need you for this , Kevin . you go to work on Senator marquand . fall he this be just a blip , we bre all system go for june. {to abe ) what else ? abe * the New York Times , harriet monash . mayor of course , what would we do without the New York Times . Kevin -~? et calhoun . I / will take care of it . harriet owe I one . : o~ 119 int . blue room - day the Press assemble , the place pack . on a platform , t.v. camera be roll . leslie thirty second ! int . mayor 's office - day the door fly open , the Mayor 's entourage hurry out and across to the Blue room , the Mayor in the rear of the pack with he handler , calhoun and abe . calhoun ( to the Mayor ) you all right ? mayor of course I be all right . damage Control , Kevin , damage Control . calhoun yes , sir . abe ' ( to the Mayor ) you look good . mayor of course I look good , I be about to give the performance of a lifetime . he hurry on , calhoun right beside he . int . blue room = day the camera be focus on the door . leslie light ! the Mayor enter , the light flash on . calhoun check the set -up , then duck ' out . ext . anselmo 's house , east flatbush , brooklyn =~ day anselmo park he plain buick , tip he hat to a pass neighbor , enter he home . as he hang up he coat , he hear the radio from the kitchen . 120 . ( newscaster ( v.0 . ) ~ ++. the Grand jury be expect to 's return indictment of Supreme Court judge walter stern and Brooklyn Democratic County leader Frank anselmo . anselmo 's connection to mafia chieftan Paul Zapatti be certain to be -- anselmo snap the radio off , look over the pot work on the kitchen stove , a voice from downstairs , anselmo 's wife nettie , call up from the cellar . nettie ( v.0 . ) honey , be that you ?! anselmo I be home . nettie ( v.0 . ) I will be right up ! I be have trouble with the dryer ! he cross into a porch / de , close up in the winter , but ~~ with a side door that open to the street . he take he . jacket off , sit , look into the ' niddle distance of this familiar surroundings . nettie appear . nettie you okay ? anselmo Fine , sweetheart , I be fine . nettie it 's be on the radio all Morning -- anselmo I know , I hear . nettie I fix you osso bucco . anselmo - * yeah ? nettie I have a feel you might come home for lunch . pet he smile . 121 anselmo smell good . nettie I will just get the clothes , the machine 's thunking again . she go , he rest he head against the back of the chair . as he lean back , a shadow fall across he face , he jump , look out , Zapatti be stand at the side door to the porch . anselmo open the door . anselmo paulie ! zapatti how be you , Frank ? anselmo I be good , consider -- zapatti of course , of course . anselmo coffee ? nettie 's just down with the laundry . you will stay for lunch ? osso bucco . zapatti osso bucco . anselmo nettie fix it piemontese -- the pepper and everything -- zapatti I have my lunch . anselmo Ill get coffee . zapatti no , thanks . he take a seat . . zapatti ( cont ’d ) so what do you think , Frank ? anselmo same old story . this time it 's this guy calhoun . I never like he from day one . 122 zapatti a cracker . / anselmo of the worst kind . he 's out of here tomorrow . zapatti I do not think so . anselmo what be you talk about ? he 's a reed . you push he , he bend . zapatti not this one . this one 's a terrier . I have a dog like he once . I go to have he put down - he jump out of my arm at the vet 's and take off for the Park . sometimes I still think I see he out there , gnaw on a old bone . nettie appear with the laundry . nettie oh , excuse I -- . Zapatti come to he foot . zapatti can I help you with the basket , nettie ? nettie no , no , I do not know Frank be expect you . due espressi ? Zapatti smile . zapatti maybe later . she go . : anselmo * ninety - nine out of a hundred time we can beat something like this . zapatti I do not like the odd . anselmo be stunne . wei 123 zapatti ( cont ’d ) I try to close the door , Frank . but I could not get it shut . anselmo what do you want I to do ? " zapatti take the pressure off yourself . you be no Barry Marcus . anselmo what about Barry Marcus ? zapatti . he do four year stand on he head . anselmo you do not think I can , paulie ? ( a moment ) give I a chance and I x11 show you . zapatti they 'il tell you , you have the key to the cell , but you will not be able to open it , Frank . yotl want to do the right thing . make it easy for yourself -- nettie be outside the door again . nettie ( v.0 . ) Frank , honey , lunch ! zapatti -- and you family . he stand , so do anselmo . Zapatti kiss he on both cheek , leave by the side door . cut to : int . calhoun ‘s office - day calfioun 's eye be on he t.v. as the Mayor deliver he statement . calhoun ( phone ) Senator , I guarantee you this event be but a pimple on the ass of this great metropolis --. * ( more ) 124 calhoun ( cont ’d ) ( a moment ) the Party will never see that pimple in June . only the Garden , Broadway , the Plaza and the waldorf -~ elec - tricity , excitement , fun -- he glance up at the t.v. mayor ( t.v . ) -+- we will clean house from top to bottom , not only in we system for choose judge which will put a end to the clubhouse system , but also the probation Department , which have become encrust in seniority and red tape , calhoun ( phone ) you will catch the bite on the noon news in D.C. , he 's only magnificent . ' bye , Senator . calhoun hang up , dial another number , still watch the t.v. ' mayor ( t.v . ) +.- this city be on a roll , economic recovery , reduction of the budget , better union relation , school on the upsw , and the icing on the cake -- the Democratic Convention in June . second city , take notice ! calhoun ( on phone ) -- be you watch , harriet ? {a moment ) the World Bank interest you more ? ( another moment ) do you want to read about the Democratic Convention in the --? well , okay then . wait ' till you see he performance on the six o'clock news . when the train '' leave , harriet , the New York Times , good and gray lady that she be , will want to be aboard -- CuT to : rno 125 ext . brooklyn ~ queen expressway - day the busy thoroughfare , not too crowded at midday , anselmo 's buick roll along . int . anselmo 's car - day the telephone ring , he glance at it , it stop . he drive on , it ring again , he pick it up . nettie ( v.0 . ) what happen to you ? anselmo I call to you , you be down in the basement . I be go to get a washer at orchard supply , it 's 1ll stop the thunk . in 1l eat when I get home . nettie ( v.0 . ) oh ? okay , be careful . anselmo of course . ' he hang up , put a tape into the deck , a duet , a baritone and a soprano sing the finale to carousel . . tape ( v.0 . ) ' when you walk through a storm keep you chin up high and do not be afraid of the dark ... 's he drive off the bqe onto a frontage road and park under a overpass which span the Expressway , the noise from the car conflict with the song . anselmo reach over to the passenger seat , unwrap a package wrap in one of today 's tabloid , " anselmo summoned clubhouse boss to appear in judicial scandal , '' a .38 roll out . tape ( v.0 . ) ' at the end of the storm be a golden sky and the sweet silver strain of a . lark . 's he 's set the muzzle of the gun against the side of he head , fire . the report be small , like that of a rimshot punctuation to the orchestration of the song . CUT to : . 126 int . mayor 's sleeping quarter , gracie mansion - night a dress room , the Mayor change he clothes as calhoun hurry in . the Mayor calhoun -- I could not get through to marquand . mayor he get through to I . they be move the Convention to Miami . calhoun Miami ?! that 's worse than Beirut . mayor they like Miami . lot of glamour . madonna and whoopi Goldberg just buy house on South Beach , maybe we could nominate they . calhoun but the deal be all cut -- mayor nothing be cut , pappy , ' it 's politics . calhoun what do that mean ? mayor smoke and mirror . calhoun where be you go ? mayor to pay my respects to nettie anselmo . calhoun do you think that 's wise ? stop dress . mayor he be a friend of mine , what ' 's ' wise 's get to do with it ? calhoun but the perception will be -~ 127 mayor I do not care about perception ! it 's - what happen between man . the ' there 's that 's there . the thousand telephone call . the bouquet and the brickbat . the space between a handshake . what go with you to you grave . calhoun it 's right versus wrong , too -- mayor no , pappy . think of it as color . there 's black , there 's white , but in between it 's mostly gray . trouble be there 's no gray in the media . calhoun what be we go to do ? mayor we be go to fight the son of bitch , we be go to come out swinging , we be go to tell they we be only human , everybody make mistake , Frank anselmd be dead , he be a friend but the last of the old clubhouse boss be go . with we / will clean the augean stable , we will show up in Miami , we ' will have they on they knee begging I to make the keynote speech . calhoun and then ? mayor a short sojourn in albany , to be follow by a long one in the White House . calhoun smile , look around . calhoun be it just you and I here right * now - -? mayor you bet , pappy ! ¢r silence . 128 calhoun I want to tell you that if I do not know you , I would be burst with admiration . I think I have come here to find you on you knee -- instead I see you ready to turn adversity into triumph . mayor then you still believe in I ? calhoun you be Mayor , boss and Father roll into one . mayor where be you father ? calhoun this day ? in a nursing home in crowley . he play domino with the orderly . and fulminate over he oatmeal . mayor do not be too hard on he . we can not dictate we finish . ' calhoun I do not like the sound of that . mayor why should you ? because under all that need to believe , all that concrete you have pour into my pedestal , way down in the deep reach of you destroy confederate soul , something be struggle to cry out . calhoun what ? mayor you know I make that phone call to walter stern . more silence . 4 129 mayor ( cont ’d ) Frank call I . and I know who have call he . but in this business , you never trade name . then I call walter -- he say there be nothing he could do with the probation report he have in front of he . I ask he what would happen if we get he another probation report . silence again . mayor ( cont ’d ) . and that 's all there be to it . a little favor . I have be run caution light all my life -- calhoun but this time you run a red . someone cut across the inter - section . a cop and a six - year- old child -~ mayor that 's with I forever . calhoun -~ not good enough , John . a moment . mayor it scare I when you call I ' John . 's calhoun yeah ? why ? . mayor because when we be take that trip to the White House a few moment ago , I feel you come on board . the old menschkeit . calhoun - horseshit . menschkeit be horseshit . you ought to carry it out of the barn and spread it over the field . ' and if we all cross we finger and get a lot of rain , maybe a flower will grow . ~ & terrible moment , the Mayor lean ' towards calhoun . be 130 mayor that 's you . out of all of this crap , maybe you will emerge . do not you see , you be the only voter I ever care about ? a constituency of one . calhoun I be get the con feel , John , the old copping of a plea -- .mayor no plea . no nothing . just a pol who keep roll along ~~ until he run into a stone wall . I do not know what it be that stop I . what be it you say , ' confederate honor 's ? a old Southern boy 's sense of justice . the pain of it be , whatever it be in you , it remind I of myself when I be young . ambitious , a go-getter , but fair . ( after a moment ) then somehow , one day , the line get rubbed out in I . he open a curtain , the room be downstairs , the tree of Gracie Park branch out over the high -rise loom above . the Mayor the Mayor calhoun do not indulge yourself . turn back to he . mayor what do you mean ? calhoun you be go to take yourself out . wait . calhoun ( cont ’d ) a long vacation in Greece . pick up the law again , maybe catch on with some international firm in Rome . go the way of Bill o'dwyer , he succeed LaGuardia , fuck up , and play ambassador to Mexico . mayor I be not that ambitious -- on 131 - calhoun then suck it up and find some other way . calhoun close the window , close the curtain , face the Mayor . mayor why be you do this ? calhoun because I love you . a moment . mayor calhoun smile . mayor ( cont ’d ) I think I have see a son 's tear , instead I feel a man 's spine . the Mayor embrace calhoun . mayor ( cont ’d ) you have get the stuff , pappy . I love to see it in a guy . he go . ~~ six month later -- ext . bandstand / playground , east flatbush - day a sign overhead , " calhoun for City Council , " a makeshift platform , calhoun be address three elderly woman , a man ina wheelchair , two Black homeless people , a supermarket basket with bottle hang between they . a lone video '' camera be train on the podium . . calhoun ++. not much of a turnout , the newspaper will report , but come the end of the campaign , the people of the 39th councilmanic will be fill this bench -- int . SOUND truck - day abe watch a jerry -rigged monitor , behind he Leslie bat out a press release . 132 leslie how do you think he 's do ? abe okay , so far . ext . brooklyn bandstand / playground - day calhoun be start to get into it now , the scattered audience sit up . calhoun .«.. 2 be no po 's country boy . and I be no city slicker , either . a wise man write a long time ago there be three New yorker , the native , that lucky enough to be bear here , the commuter , who never know the joy of this fair city , and the aspirant , that who come to make they mark in the art or the profession or politics . that 's I . a aspirant . I aspire to something . to the make of a king . it be a lousy aspiration . have the gut to be the leader or step aside . I be ready . it 's you guy that be the kingmaker . the sound of two hand clap , at the entrance to the playground behind the bench , stand marybeth . calhoun thank you . will you be voting in the primary , mar ’am ? marybeth you be run in the 39th District , be not you ? calhoun I be . marybeth well , that 's my District ! calhoun take a seat . a ncremnnnemncnnna ee eee a . eee see ee 133 she sit down next to the elderly lady , one of they pour she a cup of coffee from a thermos . int . soundtruck - day abe and Leslie have not miss the exchange . leslie what do you think , abe ? abe he 's get it . maybe not this November , maybe next one . and if not that , then the one after . leslie I do not know if I can wait that long -- abe as the talmud say , ' God wait long but pay with interest . 's ext . calhoun on the podium - day he direct he speech now , to marybeth . calhoun as pericles say , ' all the geod thing of the earth flow into we city because of its greatness ... 's marybeth how do we find that greatness ? calhoun ponder . calhoun as pericles say , ' you must look upon the power of you city and become she lover ... ' move in on marybeth . she smile , stand now and approach hin . . marybeth * how be the lemon pudding ? calhoun great . but there be too much of it . I need someone to share it with . CUT to : '' gm 134 ext . brooklyn bridge - afternoon abe be take he customary Sunday morning walk with mendel , the traffic sparse , the sun blaze , they wear dark lightweight suit . abe have he yarmulke , mendel sport a straw hat . mendel so have he get it ? or have he be not ? abe he 's get it . mendel you mean you really have a stomach for this all over again ? abe grant I count twelve head in a union hall last night , it make I nauseous . mendel from little acorn , mammoth grow . abe the man do not get distouraged , he 's get a nice smile and no longer do he linger over the pig 's foot in the bodegas . mendel sigh . mendel I see the bug 's bit you good . abe and a few other . they be signing on . they ask he to speak at the firehouse tonight , tomorrow the Catholic high school , even the right winger be take a shine .to he -- mendel . . my boy , you have hook you wagon t a star . abe Star , schmar -- in a city where there be no man , he strive to be a man . silence , they walk on . x pn 135 mendel no small thing . abe no , no small thing . pull back , farther and farther , they be two black dot now on the bridge , pan up , in the distance the gold dome of City Hall gleam . the end