clash of the titans written by John Glenn &amp ; Travis wright base on the 1981 movie " clash of the titan " written by beverly Cross May 28 , 2008 fade in : ext . alleyway ( village ) - dusk gloomy , last light . from out of the shadow come -- a dog . a dog of war . Big , mangy , muscular , scary . as he move down the alley , the way become increasingly choke with fall structure . and sign of tumult . ext . battlefield - dusk tracking with the dog as he come onto a battlefield . the hellish scene be revealed to US slowly -- series of shot as the Dog traverse a landscape of -- body , freeze in contort death pose . this be furious , hand - to-hand fight between human soldier and nightmare creature , they corpse now in pile to the horizon . the Dog climb a mound of casualty . at the top , the Dog look back across the battlefield . the Dog 's eye be sad , he expression weary and disgust . dissolve to : ext . the palace of acrisius - night the entrance be patrol by a dozen palace guard . they do not see the Dog pad silently to a fissure in the palace wall and disappear inside . int . the palace of acrisius - great hall - night bloodie and batter , the King 's general be disagreeing loudly about strategy . a loud banging sound pierce the hubbub , and the officer quiet , turn to -- king acrisius , a strike man in he prime , he handsome face mark by one crooked scar on he jaw . he command the room -- king acrisius now we end the debate about tactic ... and begin to plan for victory . 2 . at the back of the hall the Dog stare at the King . then slip away . int . the palace of acrisius - great stair - night unseen by exhaust Guards , the Dog bound up the stair . int . the palace of acrisius - royal apartment - corridor - night the Dog approach a doorway ; stop to watch from the shadow . int . the palace of acrisius - bedchamber - dog be Pov - night in the dim bedchamber , the silhouette of queen danae as a lady-in - waiting remove she gown , revealing the Queen 's perfect body as she slip into bed . the lady-in-Waiting leave . the Dog 's eye . he move forward . floor-level tracking with the Dog 's leg as they morph into human legs . the camera rise behind a tower male figure , who roughly pull a curtain aside . in the bed , the Queen be startle , then pleased . queen danae my King ! have the strategy be set so quickly ? reverse angle the loom figure look exactly like King acrisius , include the distinctive scar . he regards she hungrily . queen danae come to you Queen , my King . int . the palace of acrisius - great stair - sunrise the real King acrisius wearily climb the stair with aide and Guards . suddenly , the King stop . ( continued ) 3. continued : on the wall above be the huge shadow of a four- legge creature -- and now it appear : the Dog stop at the top of the stair and regards the man without fear -- its eye blaze with a God 's power . even acrisius , who fear nothing , step back . the other raise they weapon . the Dog come down the step , eye upon they , and pass close by . no one dare move . the Dog disappear into the shadow below . dissolve to : ext . the sea - rocky promontory - close on king acrisius ' hardened countenance - day stare at -- another angle Queen danae , pregnant now , and weep . her arm be bound . a royal entourage be gather . the woman weep , the man agonize . Palace Guards lift the Queen into a chest and chain it close . on the King 's signal , the Guards carry the chest to the edge and drop it into the rough sea . we hear a scream from within . some member of the Royal entourage look with scorn at they King , outrage by this double murder . acrisius register they disapprove look and angrily turn to leave the promontory . we see in he face what the other do not -- shame and doubt . in the water below , the chest rights itself and ride out on the tide . ext . sand dune of a lonely beach - night two horsemen gallop in the moonlight . the first Rider sway in the saddle and fall from he mount . he stagger to he foot , a skin of ale in he hand . it be King acrisius , very drunk . the second Rider , the King 's steward , dismount to give aid , though he 's also drunk . ( continued ) 4. continued : king acrisius ( raging ) my own subject condemn I ! they dare judge I ? and what embolden this treachery ?... steward you be mistaken , my King . none would risk you anger -- king acrisius ( oblivious to he ) it be Zeus who warp my kinadom !... Zeus the ungodly , Zeus the defiler ... this talk sober the steward instantly ; he look about fearlessly . steward please , speak not this thing -- acrisius spin on he , out of control -- king acrisius he cuckold I in my castle , rape my precious Queen ! this be a low , connive God ... but I have best he on this day and humble the great Prime . ( swig ale ) tell I , panos , who rival Zeus on olympos ? who do the fearless one fear ? steward I beg you , you highness -- acrisius pull a dagger and hold it to the steward 's throat . king acrisius tell I what the Priests say ! steward ( terrify , halting ) tiamat ... tiamat , Queen of the deep . ( whispering ) that who dare , whisper she covet Zeus ' throne and scheme to achieve it , the ambitious goddess of the Dark ocean ... ( continued ) 5 . continued : king acrisius yes , tiamat ! and today I have honore she . the King whirl and stagger up the crest of the dune . king acrisius I have take Zeus ' whore and the bastard she grow in she belly and throw they to tiamat in she rough sea ! ( toward the moonlit ocean ) I honor Zeus ' rival with all that be dear to I -- ( falter , ashamed ) -- and commit double murder in she honor ... about to go to piece , rage seize he again -- king acrisius so that Zeus will know I despise and disdain he and spit on he foul name ! the steward shrink from this blasphemy , eye darting in fear . on the crest the King be silhouett in the moonlight , arm raise defiantly toward the heaven , when suddenly -- -- he figure be seize by some violent force , shaking he be . a horrible SOUND ( muscle tear , bone crack ) and the king body grow larger as it distort in misshapen disfigurement . and thus , king acrisius become ... kalibos ! the steward sees what we now cannot . a inhuman roar and the shadow of this new be fall upon the steward . he scream , but it 's too late -- the huge creature grab he by the neck and lift he out of frame . from the empty , moonlit dune , we ... dissolve to : ext . OPEN seas - day Queen danae 's coffin / chest toss in the rough water . through the roar of the wave , we hear a baby cry . fade to black . 6 . superimpose : twenty-five year later fade in : ext . country road - day a little boy lead a blind old man along a road . abruptly , the Old man halt . puzzle , the Boy scan ahead , sees -- -- a spray of dust , move fast , behind a blurred black form -- -- in a instant , the apparition blow past they -- wind and dust whip at they . in awe and fear -- old man thoth the Quick ... ( sense the boy 's confusion ) Messenger of the god . bound for olympos . the rush Black form cross a field , leave a violent wave in the long grass and suddenly -- ext . field / wood / mountain /olympos - day we be in that rushing Pov : the landscape be just a blur . but up ahead be a mountain : olympos . we zoom up to the summit -- -- into the cloud above the peak . through the mist -- villas , classical facade : the abode of the god . the polished stone of the grandest villa reflect thoth be dark form touch down . int . atrium ( olympos ) - day thoth the quick enter the wide courtyard , he cape billow . he stride past the reflect pool in the center of the courtyard , gravely acknowledge -- -- each of the ten figure seat around the perimeter ... the olympian . apollo be here , and bronze- helmete athena ; aphrodite and muscular vulcan -- we be dazzle and lose count . thoth bow deeply before the throne of zeus , majestic , bearded , awe -inspire . a eagle be perch on he arm . thoth my lord . ( continued ) 7. continued : zeus ( rumble , like thunder ) we have debate , we have vote , and it be decide . we offer the human peace . thoth , you will take they the term of a treaty -- tiamat ( o.s. ) ( scornfully ) a treaty ! Zeus and he eagle turn they head . the God 's eye be familiar -- the blaze orb we see in the Dog . in the shadow corner of the atrium stand two more olympian : set the void , whose countenance be death make visible , and -- -- tiamat , queen of the deep , the only God fearless enough to challenge Zeus ' rule -- tiamat we do not negotiate with they ! we dictate to they . they place be to beg . they have forget they role and have deny we the sustenance of they prayer . aphrodite we mercy will give they reason to be grateful . they will bow down and whisper we name with more passion than before . tiamat they will bow down when we snap they back ! mercy ? we be god ! some of we remember that and be not afraid -- Zeus have have enough : furious arc of lightning jump to the wall , the eagle beat its wing in rage . zeus silence ! or learn what it be to be afraid ! the debate be over , the vote cast ... Zeus point to a golden tray ; it bear ten chip of alabaster versus two shard of obsidian . ( continued ) 8. continued : zeus we guarantee a armistice , we shield the bridegroom and the joppan royal family . ( turn again on tiamat ) and we do not interfere in they action . we leave they undisturbed unless - invoke by name to enter they affair . set and if they refuse we term ? zeus they have suffer terrible loss . they will not pass up a chance for peace . int . atrium - magic hour ( later ) only tiamat and set now . tiamat regards Zeus ' throne . set this be you rightful place to take . tiamat soon enough , set. Zeus have grow weaker than I know . set gesture at the white chip on the tray as he pick up the two black shard represent they vote . he hand one to tiamat . set so have they all . they no longer see clearly . tiamat ( disdainful ) they be beginning to think like Men . but you and I shall not . set agree , he eye search she face . tiamat we will manage this thick - witted human to we own end . ( off he look ) yes , we will be bound by great Zeus ' rule ... until they fragile membrane tear . we dare not interfere with this insect ... ( more ) ( continued ) 9 . continued : tiamat ( cont 'd ) but we may be invite to intervene . tiamat flick the obsidian into the reflect pool -- the whole pool darken and choppy wave crash over the side ... a tiny tempest . ext . the agora ( marketplace ) of joppa - day the long war with the god have wounded this city , but life go stubbornly on . among the war-torn building be a bustling market . citizen eye the ware . merchant , performers , noise , and music . superimpose : joppa , capital of the dominion of illyria suddenly the market fall silent . fear grip the crowd . a occurrence rare in the world of Men -- a olympian approach . the cloud stop dead . the crowd stop . time stop . a presence we do not see move to the basilica , the royal residence and assembly hall . int . the basilica - throne room - day king kepheus , the aging , worried ruler , sit on he throne , then stand , pace , sit again . expecting someone . flitting nearby be he Queen -- cassiopeia , a fade beauty , fiercely intelligent , but not wise ; she can be impulsive and vain . amoun stand calmly by -- he be special advisor ( or magi strategos ) to the King and will be central to we story . amoun the emissary approach . take you time in you response , debate nothing ... kepheus ( testy ) I have receive ambassador before . amoun none like this . kepheus I be not cow . if this arrogant god be so powerful , why be they the one seek a truce ? ( continued ) 10 . continued : amoun ( patiently ) I only recommend you take care with the tone of the conversation . a truce would benefit all ... kepheus in my palace , I decide how the discourse proceed , not some messenger send on errand by Zeus . thoth ( o.s. ) you be correct , you highness , I do the bid of Zeus ... to they astonishment , the emissary be already in the throne room , behind they . startle , they turn to see -- thoth the Quick , Messenger of the god , float forward . thoth ... as do all god ... and all man . thoth remove he hood , revealing he crystal skull . thoth ( with a edge ) King kepheus , as humble messenger of Zeus , I have come to talk of peace . amoun ( deferential ) thoth the Quick , I be amoun , the King 's magi strategos . we welcome you with humility , honore by you visit from the realm of the god . the King shoot amoun a look , but he be still shake by thoth 's sudden appearance . cassiopeia try to recover she composure . kepheus I be a reasonable man . everyone wish for the conflict to cease . thoth Zeus above all . he have so long desire the tragedy end , he make a plan that begin twenty - five year ago . ( continued ) 11 . continued : cassiopeia twenty - five year ! how be that possible ? amoun wince at she tone . thoth send a scary glance she way . icy -- thoth beauteous Queen , let thoth limn for you the forethought and wisdom of Zeus , God of god . ext . the agora of joppa - day the market , now quiet , try to return to normalcy . but the crowd watch the basilica , worried by the God 's presence . int . throne room - day kepheus and cassiopeia sit stunne . amoun watch without surprise . kepheus a treaty marriage ? thoth you have a daughter of age . cassiopeia ( gasp ) andromeda ! kepheus surely Zeus do not ask a mortal father to give he daughter to a god. thoth no. such a union would be unclean . year ago Zeus create a scion of mix blood . half - man , half - God . bred for just this union . that be how important Zeus consider this truce . cassiopeia be my only daughter to marry a demigod , not of this earth ? thoth a prince , of both olympian and human royalty . a choose one . ( more ) ( continued ) 12 . continued : thoth ( cont 'd ) Zeus have give he son to the cause of peace . kepheus I have hear of no such demigod . amoun majesty , if I may -- the young man do exist . he life in a small fishing village on the isle of seriphos . kepheus turn , surprised at amoun 's foreknowledge . kepheus you know about this and say nothing ? cassiopeia ( accusatory ) just which king do you serve ? amoun my Queen , I serve only the great order of thing . I be the boy 's tutor year ago . kepheus how haughty this boy must be , who know he be half - God . amoun he know nothing and believe himself a ordinary man . he have never leave he village . he can be overconfident , but it be from inexperience , not arrogance . repheus and cassiopeia exchange wary look . sharply cassiopeia what assurance do we have that we daughter will be safe ? thoth ( losing patience ) you have my word , as ambassador of the god . kepheus with we daughter 's future at stake , we do not bestow trust easily . ( threatening ) if any harm should come to she -- ( continued ) 13 . continued : amoun react , but it be too late -- thoth have be irritate : suddenly , the wall groan , compress with a awful shudder . the room tilt . kepheus and the Queen grab for a solid handhold , frighten . the golden marble on a tabletop roll from they pit and pile up in defiance of gravity . wine goblet tilt toward thoth . thoth ( icy ) the princessa shall not be harme . amoun ( urgently , to the king ) you majesty ... kepheus ( shaken ) of course ... of course you word be unquestion here . thoth 's demeanor change . the marble spill off the table , roll across the floor to kepheus ' foot . tilt up to he intimidate face : kepheus where be the lucky young suitor ? ext . underwater ( the aegean sea ) - day perfectly blue , sunlight shafting from the surface . a great white shark appear , ensnare in a fisherman 's net . panicked , the shark be diving as fast as it can . as the net pass we see -- anteros , a hapless young fisherman , he leg entangle in the net , desperately try to hold he breath . when they have disappear , we see a figure appear through the blue in pursuit . as he pass , we get we first look at -- perseus , 25 , wiry , bronze from the sun , a stubble jaw , a knife in he tooth . he swim with the power and grace of a porpoise -- beyond the ability of any normal man . ext . sea floor - day the shark thrashes about , jaw snap close to anteros . ( continued ) 14 . continued : perseus swim into view and use he knife to cut the net near the shark 's snout . the shark try to swim through the hole , but instead drag the net upwards . perseus hang on . one more slice and the shark zoom out of the net , bump the young hero as it swim away . perseus pull anteros toward the surface . ext . fishing trawler - day a crew of fishermen wait desperately at the rail . spyros , the oldest and toughest , watch in agony . perseus break the surface , gasp , he lifeless friend in he arm . five crewmen dive in to help , but perseus be mad with despair . they have to pull he away . spyros watch sadly . but also , relieved to see the one survivor . ext . fishing trawler - day spyros make he way to the bow , where perseus sit alone , downcast , in pain . spyros watch in silence . then , gruffly -- spyros you grieve do anteros no good . it comfort only you . perseus it 's my fault he 's go . spyros he be careless with the net . perseus give he a hard look . perseus so it 's he fault . not mine , not fate , not the god ? spyros ( disdainfully ) the god delude themselves about they power and watch in envy while we act . we make we own history . ( continued ) 15 . continued : perseus ( break down , cry ) now my history be I let my friend die in my arm . I make it back , why could not he ? spyros what you do , no other man can do . have you not notice ? perseus to what purpose ? I fail he . spyros ( scoff ) purpose ! look for purpose be what ensnare man in the superstition of the god , as surely as you friend be catch in that net . and all the search lead down to the same place . the trawler be approach its home island , seriphos . perseus look off at the rocky coast . collect himself , quietly -- perseus you always say that my ability be great than other I n's . but they be not enough to save he . spyros you be still a man , confine by man 's limit . you be just as likely to fail as succeed . perseus how be that great than other man ? spyros ordinary man fail most of the time . the trawler round a point on the island . perseus spy a beautiful girl on the cliff . a closer look -- a huntress ; a pagan leather bandeau hug she lithe figure . Flowers in she golden hair -- wilted dahlias . Young yet ancient . the wilting girl . ( continued ) 16 . continued : she watch perseus intently as the boat pass . he turn to see if spyros or he friend have see she , but no one have . when he look back , she 's go . ext . promontory near the home of spyros - magic hour perseus sit look sadly at the sea that kill he friend . tekla , 14 , perseus ' adoptive sister , run up from the modest stone dwelling . she see he mood and touch he arm gently . tekla mother want you to come in for supper . ( as he be unresponsive ) perseus , why be you so sad ? this break he spell . he look at tekla warmly , get up and put a reassure arm around she shoulder as they head inside . int . home of spyros - kitchen - night perseus eat with he adoptive family : spyros , he wife marmara , and tekla . spyros be patient and twinkly with he wife though he disagree with she belief . tekla I still do not understand . spyros you mother can explain . she believe everything have a explanation , even if we have to make it up . ( off marmara be warning look ) it 's one of the reason I love you , marmara . tekla tell I ! why be there war between man and the god ? marmara and tekla continue to bring out the food . marmara at the beginning of time , when man be young , he pray to the god . his belief in the god give he life meaning . it be a good thing . ( continued ) 17 . continued : spyros if you consider superstition , fear and darkness good thing ... marmara ( ignoring he ) but man grow , as child do , and he turn away from the god . be begin to put he faith in other thing . perseus watch the debate with fiery eye . tekla what thing ? spyros learn , science ... love . perseus ( passionate ) self - determination ! that thing that give man dignity and independence . marmara but what of the god , who have protect and guide we so long ? they must breathe we prayer to survive . they hunger for worship -- spyros -- as lion hunger for blood . marmara spyros ! ( to tekla ) you father 's mind be close on this matter . spyros the god be desperate to claim we awe again . tekla desperate ... the god ? spyros yes , even the god . if they could not earn we faith with love , they would demand it with fear . whatever be necessary to ensure L they continue existence . ( continued ) 18 . continued : marmara and the wide - eye tekla sit down . marmara and that be how war break out between man and god . ( turn to serve perseus ) now eat you dinner , which the god -- and you father -- have provide . int . home of spyros - perseus ' room - night Middle of the night . perseus lie wide awake in he tiny space . he stare , think about he friend . suddenly , a knock at the door . int . home of spyros - doorway - night perseus open the door to the wilting girl . her beauty electrify he . she glow from within , but she color be oddly fade , wash - out . perseus you ... I see you watch we boat at the cliff . wilting girl it be not the boat I be watch . perseus can I be of service ? wilting girl yes , of service . I need you to come with I on a journey . perseus give she a look . perseus right now ? ( as she nod ) it would not take much persuade to get I to leave this village , but tonight be impossible . my family can not wake and find I go . where do you want I to go ? wilting girl it 's not what I want . I be in the service of other . ( continued ) 19 . continued : perseus can not get over she beauty , the dulcet sound of she voice . even so -- perseus come back in the morning and we can talk about it . wilting girl I be sorry . perseus for what ? perseus do not notice the black widow spider scurry between she foot . then a centipede , a scorpion . then a swarm , racing toward he . he feel the first spider and look down . the creature climb he leg , bite . weaken from the venom , he stumble back into the table , lose he balance and fall . perseus ' woozy Pov the wilting girl stand placidly in the doorway watch he . back to scene he black out . ext . SMALL sailboat ( OPEN sea ) - day a white sail , swollen with wind , draw the small boat swiftly across the sea . the wilting girl , alone , sit quietly at the stern , effortlessly steering . closer we see that she be also watch perseus , who be sleep in a makeshift bed in the bottom of the boat . her eye slowly travel over he bronze , muscle frame . there be bite mark on he leg and arm , but they seem to be heal as we look at they . perseus stir and wake , squinting up at the wilting girl . perseus how long have I be out ? ( continued ) 20 . continued : wilting girl this time ? only a few hour . the time before , almost a day . how be you rest ? perseus I have a dream . I fall into a dark pit . I think I would never stop fall . but a beam of light form a soft net , catch I and toss I back . thewilt girl watch he . perseus when I come back up to the world , a beautiful woman appear and speak to I . but as she speak she would sometimes disappear into the whiteness with a strange sound . perseus ' Pov the wilting girl listen to he story . back to scene perseus when I could hear she , she speak nonsense . she say that my father be a God and my mother a -- at that moment the blind - white sail swing between they as she tack , obscure he view of she for a moment . the wind make a loud snapping SOUND in the cloth . then she reappear , the sail on she other side . perseus ' face as he realize she be he vision . wilting girl you be special , perseus . you birth be ordain for this very purpose . perseus I be a ordinary man . wilting girl do you ever lie awake during a storm and listen to the thunder ? ( more ) ( continued ) 21 . continued : wilting girl ( cont 'd ) and it sound as though it match the beat of you heart ? he do not have to answer ; it 's write on he face . wilting girl how long can you hold you breath ? long than the other ? be there time when you know you should feel pain , but you do not ? perseus none of that mean anything . wilting girl look at you arm , perseus . perseus watch the bite on he arm heal visibly . perseus a good trick . you must be the demigod , not I . wilting girl ( " no " ) I be a chthonian . perseus a chthonian ? wilting girl a Earth goddess . ( off perseus ' confusion ) the god have a caste system just as man do . the olympian be we nobility -- few but cosmic . the chthonian be the peasant . we abode be this earth , and we exist as long as man worship we . perseus and when none worship you ? sadness flicker through she extraordinary eye . wilting girl ( softly ) we fade away . this touch perseus deeply . his tone change . perseus and demigod , where do they stand in you hierarchy ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : wilting girl nowhere . sorry . perseus if demigod rank so low , why do you need I ? wilting girl for a marriage . perseus what ! wilting girl Zeus , God of god , have propose a treaty to end the war . at the center be the marriage of a mortal with a demigod . perseus who , I ? wilting girl Zeus himself have choose you . a demigod may be less than a God , but he 's more than a man . one foot in humanity , the other in divinity . you marriage will be a symbol of accord between we race . perseus forget it . wilting girl such a union could save million of soul . perseus be strike by that . he look off across the sea . perseus and just who exactly be I suppose to marry ? int . basilica ( joppa ) - scullery closet - day closeup : a hot embrace . in the blur of movement we first good look be at the girl , a beauty -- princessa andromeda , 18. the boy be agenor , a kitchen helper -- rip and sexy . it 's hard to tell who 's the aggressor here . gasp , andromeda hold he at bay -- ( continued ) 23 . continued : andromeda do you think you can manhandle a princess this way ? ( as he kiss she ) as though she be hungry and needy as you , a mere servant ? another steamy kiss . in between liplock , she whisper hotly -- andromeda very mistaken ... a woman of my station ... never be attract ... they go at it again . ext . basilica - colonnade - day a nimble girl hurry past servant hang laundry in the atrium . she 's peshet , handmaid to princessa andromeda . she have a feline quality -- eye , grace , agility . she rap on the scullery door . peshet princess ... princess ! andromeda ( o.s. ) ( muffle from inside ) the princess be not here . ( a squeal ) find another ... princess . peshet the Queen approach ! andromeda ( o.s. ) I do not care ! peshet andromeda ! you will care enough if you be catch ! remember last time ... from inside we hear complain , more kissing and moan . cassiopeia ( o.s. ) peshet ! startle , peshet spin to see the Queen approach . ( continued ) 24 . continued : cassiopeia where be the princess ? int . scullery closet - same time andromeda freeze at she mother 's voice , stop agenor , finger to she lip . he ignore she , start again . andromeda do something below the frame that jolt he off . the girl can take care of herself . ext . colonnade - same time peshet face the Queen . peshet be she not in she chamber , mar 'am ? cassiopeia she be not . you be expect to know she -- a squeal and whispering from the closet stop cassiopeia . she throw a perturb glance at the door . peshet look guilty . cassiopeia ( loudly ) tell the princess -- should you find she -- she father and I want to see she at once . she stalk away . urgently , through the door -- peshet princess , it 's the King as well ! int . basilica - royal parlor - day a lavish room . cassiopeia and kepheus sit in golden chair , look off . andromeda enter frame , furious . with conviction -- andromeda to please you , I would submit to such a marriage ... except I would rather die ; please let I know you be serious about this perverse plan so I can make arrangement to kill myself . ( continued ) 25 . continued : she stomp out . they gaze follow until she 's go . finally : kepheus it will take more than half - a- God to handle she . cassiopeia she will be a great ruler one day . ext . SMALL sailboat ( coast of joppa ) - day perseus can not take he eye off the wilting girl , who steer . she try not to be self - conscious ; she would blush be she not so pale . wilting girl you be look in the wrong direction . perseus I do not think so . wilting girl perhaps you should give some think to you immediate future . perseus ( laugh , flirtatious ) that 's what I be do . wilting girl maybe you should take another look ... she indicate the view behind he . perseus turn , jaw drop . he Pov a breathtaking view of joppa -- a city in two part . at sea level , tangle hovel , boat , and dock crowd the work - class area -- the lower wharf . above , twist stone stair climb the cliff to the acropolis with its gleam villas , temple , statue , and colonnade tower , hugging the precipice . ext . street of joppa - day ( continued ) 26 . continued : the wilting girl lead perseus through the city . he 's never see anything like it . he rubberneck , awestruck as he pass a blacksmith who take a dragon skin from the coal and fashion armor by pound the white - hot scale over a mold . wilting girl all the goods , army , and culture of man 's dominion flow through this port . he who reign in joppa , rule the world . amidst the exotic chaos , perseus be strike by the homeless refugee on the street and the ruin of once - proud building . perseus the war have badly scar this place . wilting girl it be the war you have the power to end . he throw she a angry look , grim . perseus do not joke about such thing . I would be useless before such a huge responsibility . wilting girl perhaps you would be ... ( to herself ) ... as you be now . they pass a evangelist ( fantasos ) harangue a crowd . fantasos ( mid - speech ) -- one true God be not Zeus but she call the deep -- tiamat ! ( quote from he gospel ) ' before the first dawn , the eye of the deep watch the earth . ' ( to the crowd ) bow down to the goddess of Chaos or know despair , for tiamat will rule the heaven and the earth . perseus be mystify by this talk . he turn to vidalia for explanation , but she seem disturb by the preacher L and do not return perseus ' gaze . ( continued ) 27 . continued : perseus and vidalia round a corner and see the regal basilica . workmen hang banner and decoration , prepare for a big event . perseus what be they celebrate ? wilting girl you . int . basilica - royal parlor -.day cassiopeia hurry down a corridor to the parlor . we follow to find : kepheus speak sternly to perseus , before he . kepheus . before I be a king or a peacemaker , I be a father . do you know what that mean ? perseus I be not sure , you highness . I do not know my father . kepheus ( thrown ) yes , well ... it mean I have no desire for my little girl 's carefree springtime to be cut short -- ( to cassiopeia , irritably ) what be she ? cassiopeia ( embarrassed ) I be sure she 's prepare herself to make the best possible impression . perseus suppress a smile , amused by the royal couple . kepheus pace with mount impatience . kepheus ( lecture perseus again ) -- and all so she could be thrust into a momentous conflict ... of which she know nothing at all . ( continued ) 28 . continued : perseus she 's not the only one , sir . I do not know much about the event for which I have be draft . kepheus ( disarm , but tough guy ) I take no comfort in that , young man . in fact , I find little to take comfort in here . you be a stranger from a distant place , and I be ask to entrust the welfare of my daughter to you . ( leaning into perseus ) if you be not kind and patient with she , if any harm of any kind should come she way , I will have you head on a stake . kepheus think he see a smirk on perseus ' face . he put he hand on the hilt of he sword . kepheus be this amusing to you ? perseus not even a little , my lord . it 's just that I myself be waylaid -- snatch also , as you say , from my happy springtime ... kepheus study he to see if he 's make jest of he . perseus I have be tell I be to play a part in event which serve a higher purpose ... of which I be not at all convinced . kepheus do a truce in the war between Men and god not strike you as a higher purpose ? perseus with all respect , I have never see a God . on my island , they be no more than a story . kepheus you will learn there be more to this universe than be find on you island . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : kepheus ( cont -d ) ( to cassiopeia ) this be suppose to be the son of a God , yet he doubt they existence ! cassiopeia ( to perseus ) they exist , young man . but if you doubt they power , I join you -- kepheus ( angry ) cassiopeia ! we have agree such talk have no place in this palace . cassiopeia ( defiant ) have we ? perseus I can only proceed base on what I have experience , not on a faith I do not possess . kepheus where do a young person get such idea ? perseus perhaps from my adopt father , sir . I admire he greatly , and he believe in little he cannot hold in he hand . kepheus be he a scholar ? perseus no , you highness , a fisherman . amoun ( o.s. ) I know this mentor who so influence young perseus . amoun have silently enter the chamber . perseus react in amazement . perseus master amoun ! he hurry over to the older man , who embrace he warmly . ( continued ) 30 . continued : amoun porpoise ... you have grow tall and strong since my departure . perseus laugh at he old nickname and hold amoun at arm 's length . perseus what be you do here ? amoun I be honore to serve the King as a advisor . his magi strategos . perseus from my village tutor to magi strategos ... what a path ! the King 's patience be exhaust . to cassiopeia kepheus where be andromeda ? at the least , the two should meet before tomorrow 's ceremony ... perseus ( freaked ) tomorrow ? be the wedding so soon ? cassiopeia the wedding come later . tomorrow we will have the public announcement . amoun and a celebration of the treaty . a page enter and whisper in kepheus ' ear . kepheus be irritate . kepheus it seem we andromeda have wander away . cassiopeia react , upset . amoun perhaps the think of she new life have make she frantic to enjoy the vestige of she old one . ( continued ) 31 . continued : kepheus perseus , if you be to take the wild girl for a wife , this be a good time to start you training . go into the city and retrieve she . perseus how will I know she ? cassiopeia she be unmistakable . perseus I be a stranger here . any hint ? amoun follow the light and the sound of profane music . ext . basilica - side entrance - magic hour the wilting girl slip into the dusk like a thief . ext . alleyway - magic hour the wilting girl steal down the dark , narrow alley , head toward the outskirt of town . suddenly , a heavy wall shoot up from the cobblestone , block she way . she startles , but do not stop . she go up to the wall , turn at a angle and slide right through the stone , like a ghost . on the other side , she emerge from the stone , breathe hard . she look around and hurry down a intersect passageway . she 's go only a few step , when just ahead of she , thick vine shoot out and form a dense barrier . she take a breath and dive into the surging growth . she almost make it through , but at the last moment , vine wrap she arm and leg , hold she prisoner . she give up , with a sigh . we hear the laughter of a God . wilting girl Zeus ? Zeus ' rumbling voice be hold low , talk to she in a intimate way -- a beautiful sound . ( continued ) 32 . continued : zeus ( v.o. ) why do we have to play this game , my lovely girl ? you know you can not leave . the vine retract , freeing she . she rub where they grip she . wilting girl my part be finish . zeus ( v.0 . ) it have just begin . have you forget you place in this ? wilting girl as I have lose my believer , the future have become dimmer to I . zeus ( v.o. ) I still believe in you . Close you eye and see you tomorrow . she close she eye and take a deep breath . a single tear run along she cheek . she open she eye . wilting girl it 's too painful . I can not involve myself . zeus ( v.o. ) you you already involved . such be fate . we can not hide from the .trial of we future ... no matter how dark the alleyway . she look back at the basilica with profound sadness . ext . street of joppa - magic hour perseus roam , take in the city with interest . Rich and poor mix in the crowded street . as always , the poor have suffer the most from the conflict . ext . ocean terrace - magic hour perseus follow the music and the sound of laughter to a crowded terrace overlook the sea . Upper class young people be party en masse . perseus move through the revelry , look at every girl , testing he instinct . suddenly , he stop in he track , look off -- ( continued ) 33 . continued : andromeda be dance at the center of attention , she sheer gown enhance she sensuality . the music end . andromeda laugh and toss she curly mane . a handsome young nobleman embrace she . she give he a deep kiss , cause a sensation , then break away into the crush . ext . balustrade - magic hour andromeda glide to the balustrade to watch the sunset . the Young nobleman approach , but she imperious gesture stop he cold . perseus ( o.s. ) very beautiful . andromeda spin , petulant . andromeda will you please give I some peace -- the sight of the handsome stranger give she pause . andromeda what do you say ? perseus I say , ' very beautiful . ' andromeda do you think just anyone can make intimate judgement on the royal family ? perseus I mean the sunset . she regards perseus over she glisten bare shoulder . andromeda do you always start a seduction with a insult ? perseus move to the rail , very close to she , and look at the sea . perseus I know nothing of seduction . I be a simple fisherman . my home be across that water . ( continued ) 34 . continued : andromeda what bring you here ? perseus to joppa ? I be kidnap . andromeda I mean here , tonight . he look over at she a long moment . perseus I have come to see my future wife . startle , andromeda suddenly realize who he be . a mad mix of emotion cross she face . ext . garden of the basilica - night perseus and andromeda walk in moonlit garden . she stay close , attract to he . andromeda it 's not personal . you be not a bad -look boy . ( as perseus laugh ) I be too young . I do not want to be marry . perseus I either . andromeda then why be you do it ? perseus no one ask I . and now that I have meet you , I do not know if I can go through with it . ( off she look ) it 's not personal . see you make it real . I think a man should make he own decision . I will not be the pawn of a King or a god. she look at he with new interest . andromeda since we agree , it 's settle . no marriage . ( continued ) 35 . continued : perseus I do not think it 's go to be that simple . ignoring that , she take he arm , move even closer . andromeda that do not mean we can not be friend . get to know each other . I want to show you something . she lead he into a tall , hedge garden maze . ext . the basilica - garden maze - night beautiful in the moonlight . she hurry he quickly around one turn , then another , and another . he laugh at she excitement . perseus I be already lose . andromeda I will take care of you . they take two more jog and find themselves in a odd sylvan chamber . Soft plant have be stack in what could be mistaken for a bed . andromeda this be my special place . no one can see or hear or even find we now . perseus ( look around the chamber ) I do not suppose I could escape without you aid . andromeda do you want to ? when he turn back to she , she melt into he arm and give he a long deep kiss . he 's surprised , but handle it well . when she try to continue , he slow thing down , hold she at bay . andromeda do you not find I attractive ? perseus one of the most beautiful woman I have ever see . ( continued ) 36 . continued : andromeda of course , you have not be much in the world . perseus true . maybe a lot of girl look like you . andromeda do not you want to make love to you almost - wife ? maybe we will find we be not compatible . perseus what if we find we be very compat -- she stop he with another kiss . he start to surrender to he desire , but again , he stop . her voice be a low purr -- andromeda be it true you be a demigod ? perseus ( make a face ) it seem what everyone want to believe . her face be inch from he . she look into he eye . sexy -- andromeda I do not see it . ( as perseus laugh ) but let 's find out for sure ... she kiss he yet again , pull he toward the bed of foliage . he can no longer resist . together they fall into the softness . he kiss she passionately as they body begin to move together . she break the kiss for only a moment , she voice husky -- andromeda I think I be become a believer ... they start to make love . ext . ocean - night speed over moonlit ocean toward a dark castle on a cliff . we begin to hear the voice of tiamat and set . ( continued ) 37 . continued : set ( v.0 . ) tiamat , I know this place , but I know not why . ext . the palace of acrisius - bedchamber - night the chamber , desert for 25 year , be in decay , dead vermin everywhere . tiamat ( v.0 . ) in this chamber Zeus defile the Queen danae and begat the anoint demigod , who would facilitate this foul truce . int . the palace of acrisius - great stair - night Pov descending the great stair . the skeleton of dead guard and soldier litter the stair . set ( v.0 . ) ah , the former palace of the curse acrisius . tiamat ( v.0 . ) the King who stand against Zeus and be crush for it , though he be not the offender . but this be not he former home ... int . the palace of acrisius - great hall - night moving Pov across the stone of the hall where we first see King acrisius and he general . now , only bone and rotting thing . tiamat ( v.0 . ) still he dwell in rancid hate , have kill he general and suck they bone . we cannot break the rule of Zeus and interfere with the human . but this poor creature can do we work and visit the would - be groom . set ( v.0 . ) what form of monster do you visit upon perseus ? there be a awful SOUND from the darkness of a archway . ( continued ) 38 . continued : tiamat ( v.0 . ) what form , dear set ? why this ... in the half - light appear the huge , deform changel : kalibos . tiamat ( v.o. ) ( to the monster ) my servant , you lonely solitude now end ... it 's time to leave . ext . the basilica - garden maze - sunrise perseus wake on the bed of foliage , look around . andromeda be go . he think , smile . then he remember he situation . the smile fade . int . the basilica - great hall - evening perseus , in a white tunic and polished ceremonial armor , move through the crowd of reveler . the grandiose room be hemmed by column and statue . the royal family sit on the dais . andromeda motion perseus up beside she . andromeda you be late . perseus I do not know how to get this outfit on . andromeda I want to thank you for see I home . I be so flushed with wine I can not recall much of the evening . perseus half smile and turn to the crowd . perseus I either . perseus ' Pov - the wilting girl watch from the back of the hall . when they make eye contact , she quickly look away . back to scene perseus be surprised by he feeling . andromeda have see she , too . he have a guilty moment and avert he eye . ( continued ) 39 . continued : andromeda at what point do you plan to tell they we be not get marry ? perseus tell who ? andromeda ( a sweeping gesture ) they ... from behind they we see the ecstatic crowd of thousand , all celebrate the union . music stop and the crowd begin to settle . royal herald ( 0.5 . ) the Queen will speak ! the room quiet as cassiopeia move front - and - center of the dais with a cup of wine , not she first . cassiopeia I will not be long - wind . you all know I be a modest person , no matter my rank . some of the crowd react silently . andromeda watch she mother with trepidation , but not as much as kepheus , watch from he throne . cassiopeia ( with edge ) this be not a celebration of a betrothal ... ( as kepheus be on alert ) not the celebration of the happiness of two parent , or of we good people . mild confusion in the hall , concern from the Royal entourage . cassiopeia this union represent new hope for a last peace ! that be the only cause for celebration . the crowd react with exclamation and applause . amoun will she to stop . cassiopeia take another drink , look over at the princess . ( continued ) 40 . continued : cassiopeia ( moist - eyed ) my sweet andromeda ... grow into a fine young woman , confident and sure . look at she ! be not she beautiful ? her subject agree loudly . andromeda wish this would end . cassiopeia raise she glass . cassiopeia to my beautiful daughter ... more beautiful than all the woman of joppa . more beautiful than the garden of nineveh ... kepheus be about to pull she away . she throw he a spiteful glance . cassiopeia more beautiful than the turquoise ocean and its sublime goddess of the deep ... tiamat herself ! my daughter be a beauty even a goddess must envy . amoun react in dismay . a distress murmur roil the crowd . andromeda go to she mother . cassiopeia I have go on too long -- she stop with a look of sudden dread . the great Hall darken . the torch flame turn black . the temperature drop . the statue lining the hall shut they eye and the door burst open . tiamat , queen of the deep , float forward , parting the terrify celebrant . perseus see he first olympian . tiamat arrive at the dais . cassiopeia drop to she knee . tiamat you have blaspheme power beyond understanding ... you , a stupid bray goat before the unfathomable galaxy . you dare put this frivolous , scrawny slut ... ( as andromeda flinch ) above the infinite goddess of the deep ! ( continued ) 41 . continued : tiamat tear off she cloak and stand naked . her body , make from the element of the sea , be magnificent -- sexy and terrifying . fantasos , the priest who proselytize for tiamat in the street , be in the throng . his reaction be a mix of religious ecstasy and outright lust . the celebrant shield they eye , but cassiopeia can not . she crumple , aging before we eye . every word shake she frame -- tiamat look upon the sublime and know you error . you will not blink . tell I now , mortal , how bright you preen urchin shine ? no one dare look long at the goddess . no one but perseus . tiamat notice perseus ... and he boldness . tiamat people of joppa , hear I . for the sacrilege of this arrogant creature , I will loose leviathan upon you . the people react in terror . cassiopeia start to faint , but tiamat snap she back to consciousness -- tiamat I be not finish . hold you gaze . ( to the people ) for thirty day , joppa shall suffer the scorn of leviathan . and on the final day , you will be wipe from the earth . ( as the crowd quake ) unless ... instant silence . tiamat unless you sacrifice that body so impertinently compare to this goddess -- ( turning to andromeda ) -- you beloved , worthless princessa . andromeda gasp . shock everywhere . ( continued ) 42 . continued : tiamat this be my will , joppa . desolation or sacrifice . choose you penance . you can thank you ... ( look at cassiopeia ) . sickly , age Queen . Cloud of black sea ink swirl and swallow tiamat , then implode . tiamat be go . cassiopeia , palsie and withere , collapse . kepheus and Royal aide rush to she . ext . ocean floor - night a immense school of fish be suddenly spooked . a eerie glow swell in the gloom -- tiamat glide toward we , stop and raise she palm . the silt swirl and ripples . a vast primordial shape slowly rise in cloud of ocean mud . it 's impossible to see what this creature look like , but it be big . we hear a deafen roar , which drive a shockwave across the silt . ext . ocean surface - night the sea bulge and a tsunami roll toward the shore of joppa . ext . joppa' lower wharf - night Dark dock and shanties under the cliff , populace asleep . a lone fisherman unload net from he boat . suddenly , the water under he boat be suck out to sea . a deep rumble shake the ground . the fisherman be mesmerize as the horizon climb higher and higher , a wall of water . in second , the colossal wave break and fall , obliterate the boat , the dock and the low-lying shanties . int . royal chamber - night cassiopeia lie blank and want . a low drone grow . kepheus rush to the window . and then , a deep , earth - shatter bellow from the creature . the room shudder . kepheus leviathan awake ... 43. int . basilica - corridor - night a figure pass by a window in silhouette -- andromeda steal through the shadow toward the throne room . int . balcony above throne room - night andromeda edge into position to see the room below . amoun ( o.s. ) . leviathan -- first dweller of the deep . hewn by tiamat from the dark blood of the earth ... her Pov a council of viceroy and minister gather before kepheus , who seem lose in think , head down . perseus stand off to the side . int . throne room - night amoun read from a scroll . amoun . all monster of the sea be but shadow of leviathan the kraken -- colossal , rapacious , and nigh indestructible . the man turn to kepheus ; when he raise he face , he look exhaust . kepheus my Queen lie near death . be I now to choose between the survival of we state ... and the life of andromeda , my only child ? amoun watch perseus , at the fringe of the group , expectantly . but perseus look only perplex , a observer . minister of defense I beg you , do not even consider such a sacrifice -- kepheus ( raging ) do you tell I only what you think I wish to hear ! ( more ) ( continued ) 44 . continued : kepheus ( cont 'd ) the citizen of joppa be fight for they life . would you have I gamble the city to save one girl ? again , amoun look to perseus . minister of defense you need make no such choice , you highness . andromeda must . be save , and the city too . repheus impossible . amoun ( turning from perseus ) no ... we need only the will to do it . kepheus you speak the word -- the monster be indestructible ! perseus ( quietly ) how can that be ? amoun alone take notice : he spin toward perseus , with relief . amoun perseus ! you have something you want to say to the King ? all eye turn to perseus , who shrink before they , self - conscious . perseus what ? no , master amoun . I be listen . amoun you be ' listen ' ? we be talk about the precious life of you betrothed . perseus meet he gaze , confuse . perseus I be a newcomer here . I would not presume to tell this man -- ( continued ) 45 . continued : amoun exactly ! a newcomer with a fresh perspective . share you thought with the King , you future father - in - law . the minister be puzzle by amoun 's persistence . perseus , uncertainly -- perseus I know that I be young and have not see much of the world , but it seem to I that nothing be indestructible . the minister react to the young man 's arrogance . spyros ( o.s. ) I be far from young and have see much of the world ... and I agree with my son . everyone turn to the new arrival : perseus ' adoptive father , spyros . perseus go to embrace he . perseus Father , how do you find I ? kepheus I think this boy 's father be a God . how do a stranger walk unmolested into the throne room of the King ? amoun I send for he , Lord . this good man raise perseus from infancy . he will help he now . kepheus help he with what ? spyros with whatever be need ... perseus approach the King . surprise himself -- perseus he will help I destroy leviathan . spyros do a double - take , then swallow : " yeah , okay , sure . " 46 . up on the balcony andromeda react , fall in love with perseus . in the throne room kepheus but how ? perseus have no idea . amoun majesty , we can seek the counsel of the norn sister of skolothia . they know the hide way of the god . if leviathan can be slain , they will know how to do it . perseus we have thirty day to find its weakness . minister of the interior twenty-nine . perseus ( flash he a look ) we will leave tonight . kepheus with what army ? I dare not weaken we force when the city be about to be besiege . perseus ( uncertain , glance at spyros ) we will go alone . spyros ( catch up ) yes . give we a map . amoun laugh . when some of the other join in , the King give they a look that stop they dead . amoun my King , with you permission ... the King assent , seemingly lose . amoun speak to perseus . ( continued ) 47 . continued : amoun I will give you a map and much more . I will go with you and bring a small band of comrade to help you on you mission . we can leave at first light . ( to he aide ) diokle , the map . the man move to the work area , where the aide select a map from dozen . something catch perseus ' eye . perseus ' Pov andromeda , up in the balcony , have make herself visible only to he . she silently mouth this word -- " thank ... you . " at the map which have be hang for all to see , amoun use a pointer . amoun we head north on the via dahlia . if we can make it to the dispute Territories ... move in on the tip of amoun 's pointer on the amoun ( o.s. ) . we will join the cleon desert legion , the most formidable unit in all the army ... with they escort , we can safely reach we destination in skolothia , which lie to the east ... we dissolve through the map and pointer , which remain lightly superimposed over the follow : ext . via dahlia - day music swell as we see the full expedition on horseback , on the main road north . as they come over a rise , amoun identifies they : first , two fearsome mongol , mongke and tamburlane . ( continued ) 48 . continued : amoun ( v.0 . ) we guide will be mongke and tamburlane , father and son monster hunter from the Kingdom of the Iron horde . next , the praetorian guard , command by a square - jaw old soldier , draco . his man , in heavy armor : kosmo , draco 's lieutenant , and the soldier abas , icos , thad , borea , krikor , and polluc . amoun ( v.0 . ) we escort will be a detachment of the praetorian Guard , lead by Commander draco -- the staunchest security force in joppa . next , on a stun pale horse , a pale rider -- the wilting girl . perseus ( v.0 . ) why do we bring the Earth goddess into this danger ? amoun ( v.0 . ) I thank the star we have she . besides , she take she order from a authority much great than I . next , spyros ; horseback riding be not one of he many skill . behind he , perseus and amoun ride talk -- perseus amoun , it seem a odd coincidence you come into my life as tutor , so long ago , and now , once again you instruct I . amoun ( laugh ) no matter what you believe , porpoise , some thing be fated . I have be look forward to this journey for a long , long time . he spur he horse , riding ahead . spyros drop back beside perseus . spyros who would have think we would be on a journey like this ? two simple fisherman . ( continued ) 49 . continued : perseus I be afraid I have drag you into real danger , Father , when I have little idea of what I be do . spyros live at the mercy of the sea so long have convinced I some adventure be unexpected and some danger unavoidable . it 's all in you attitude . perseus what 's we attitude about destroy leviathan ? spyros the kraken be just another big fish . perseus smile , but be not as sanguine . ext . tiamat' palace -galleon ( ocean ) - prow - night tiamat 's Palace - galleon be bigger than anything man can construct . tiamat be at the prow of the vessel , use all she godly power to stir the element . with great effort , she send a hurricane down on joppa . set the void approach the prow . tiamat the demigod and he retinue be join . they march for the counsel of the norn sister , to seek the frailty of my leviathan . set ( concerned ) the sister ... tiamat yes . I beseech you , track the expedition . set to plainly thwart they would betray we intention and draw the wrath of Zeus and the other . ( continued ) 50 . continued : tiamat that , we can not have . I merely suggest that the road to skolothia be hazardous . set I take you meaning . and you loyal brute , he be fix upon the hunt ? tiamat fear not , he be about and he will do he share of damage . set leave . tiamat resume stir the storm cloud . int . the basilica - andromeda's chamber - night tiamat 's storm be pound joppa . lightning stab through the dark cloud . rain pound the tile outside andromeda 's lavish bedroom . peshet glide to andromeda , who 's wide awake , red -ey , distress . peshet you must sleep . ( off no reaction ) princessat you must take care of yourself . a crack of thunder . andromeda look over at she , think . andromeda my father be ready to sacrifice I to the monster . peshet I be sure that be not so . andromeda I see it . I hear the word . my loving father , he beloved child . only perseus stay he decision . ( tear come ) and do you know the worst part , peshet ? he be right . peshet 's feline eye widen . more lightning . andromeda the city be besiege , the people suffer . ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . continued : andromeda ( cont 'd ) because of I , because he do not offer I up . be that right ? peshet go to sleep , my lady . andromeda ( wiping she eye ) sleep ? sleep will come soon enough for I , faithful one . in one month ... at the latest . the palace shake with the rolling thunder . ext . the via dahlia - night the sound of that same distant thunder as the expedition follow the road . to the south behind they , lightning flash over faraway joppa . superimpose : the via dahlia , NORTH of joppa ... 28 day remaining perseus and the wilting girl ride side by side . perseus look back at the distant storm . perseus joppa be pummelle by the Dark goddess . wilting girl ( without looking ) it will not stop . tiamat know no mercy . the moonlight illuminate a crumble , limestone arch on which time - wear letter read : " via dahlia . " perseus by what name may mortal call you ? wilting girl I have no name . perseus who do you worshipper pray to ? wilting girl I can not remember . perseus perhaps that be why they be fall in number ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : the wilting girl flinch , and perseus feel guilty about he jest . perseus I have to call you something ... ( thinking ) since we be name you on this road , what about ' via dahlia ' ? she give he a sharp look . be he mock she ? he 's defensive . perseus that 's a pretty name . wait , better yet -- ' vidalia ' ? how 's that ... ' vidalia ' ? that 's more than pretty , beautiful really , just as you be . she be pleased , self - conscious , concentrate on the road ahead . perseus you do not like it ? ( as she murmur ) what 's that ? I miss it -- wilting girl ( just loud enough to hear ) I do not object . she pick up the pace , move she horse a little ahead . he smile . ext . forest clearing ( via dahlia ) - night they have campe for the night in a clear . a fire burn , food cook . mongke and tamburlane emerge from the wood with armful of timber and kindling . draco glance up from strike he flintstone . gruffly -- draco more . the mongol stare -- either not comprehend or ready to fight . draco it must last all night . get some more . ( continued ) 53. continued : perseus ( suddenly between they ) I will find some more . abas Commander , I will get some , too . perseus and abas head off into the wood in different direction . ext . via dahlia wood - night perseus hack branch and pick up deadwood . he slashes at a tree -- ting ! under the vine be a stone column . he climb mossy step . ext . abandoned bath ( thermae ) - night the ruin of a public bath , its marble pool feed by a stream . perseus see vidalia on the far side , she back turn . perseus freeze as she drop she garment . he peer through the vine . he Pov the leave offer tantalize cover to she naked body . she dive in with a quiet splash . back to scene perseus now be when a honorable man would turn around and walk away ... ( doesn't move ) . but they say I be not really a man . vidalia surface and drift on she back , look sadly into the sky . perseus fixate on the sadness in she eye . his expression change , and the tenor of this steal vigil be alter . raindrop fall as the sky open and a cloudburst pelt the pool . vidalia open she lip to taste the rain and smile . lightning . ( continued ) 54 . continued : perseus ' heart pound in he ear as he watch . kra - koom ! the rolling thunder hit exactly on he heartbeat -- boom , boom , boom ! vidalia instantly know he be nearby . she look around quickly and huddle in the water . perseus retreat . after a few yard , he stop , face flushed with the awareness of a whole new dilemma . perseus vidalia ... ext . elsewhere in the via dahlia wood - night abas use he sword to hack at dry wood . he bend to pick up a branch when he hear the crack of wood . he whirl , sword at ready . but there be nothing there . embarrass , he pick up the firewood . now he hear something unidentifiable -- be that breathing ? spook , he turn to head back to camp -- a dark figure be stand behind he , larger than a man , grotesquely misshapen . abas raise he sword , but a twisted paw swat it away with a roar . abas try to raise the sword again and realize he arm be go . he look up in horror as the creature envelop he -- -- kalibos ! ext . cedar forest - day only a few streak of sunlight penetrate the canopy of tall cedar . superimpose : the cedar forest of the illyrian border ... 24 day remaining here slumber a enormous hybrid creature with human feature and a leathery , scale hide -- humbaba . suddenly , set the void appear . the evil God stroke the sleep monster 's head , then reach inside humbaba 's skull . the animal go stiff ; its leg twitches . set hear I , my pet . let my instruction be sear to you primal mind as natural law . L the monster 's eye shoot open ; its pupil shrink to pinpoint . ( continued ) 55 . continued : set you be starve . you gut say you will soon perish . no earthly meat will still that hunger . what you need , what you ache for , be the flesh of ... a demigod ! ext . cedar forest road - day nearby , the expedition ( minus abas ) rest . not here : perseus , draco , ico , and borea . ext . cedar forest clearing - day a herd of winge horse , pegassi , graze . draco , borea , ico and perseus -- thrilled -- hide in a thicket . draco pegassi , stallion of the god . icos perseus . how long do you think you could stay on one of that ? ico and borea exchange a sly look . borea do not goad the boy , ico . no man can ride a pegasus . icos do not bellerophon tame the great White pegasus ? borea you be right . but he be a demigod ... perseus ( eager ) then this will be a good way to find out just what I be . draco stop it , rogue . one of we own have disappear without a trace and all you can think be to cause mischief . what if perseus be buck to he death from a thousand foot up ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : borea do not worry , Commander , the boy will not even get on its back . with a " watch this " grin , perseus rise . draco pull he back down . draco do not do this . if we go back to camp right now , we can avoid trouble and keep we goal in sight . a true leader will not be distract . perseus I be not the leader , draco , amoun be . I be too young to start avoid trouble . perseus jump up and approach a roan pegasus , speak soothingly . it whinnie and threshes its wing , buffete perseus with gust . the pegasus rear up , and leap over perseus ' head . it land behind he , buck its hind leg , and kick perseus face - first into the dirt . ico and borea be laugh , but when draco give they a dark look , borea jump up , sober , and head into the clear . borea I will collect he right now , Commander . suddenly , humbaba erupt from the thicket with a howl . the pegassi take flight , but the humbaba grab one and swallow it whole . humbaba turn and sniff the air , home in on perseus . draco perseus , get out of there ! ico , fetch the other . ico bolt . draco and borea leap into the clear with sword draw to draw the monster 's attention . perseus do the same . draco I tell you to run , boy . you will make thing worse . 57 . ext . cedar forest road - day hear the roar , the expedition be already up . ico arrive . icos a humbaba ! mongke and tamburlane fly into the wood ; the other follow . ext . cedar forest clearing - day the reinforcement arrive to see humbaba pin borea with its talon . draco borea ! draco hack at the monster 's leg , to no avail . it rip off borea ' head and swallow he body . perseus cry out and leap at the creature , sword swinging . amoun no , perseus ! vidalia get back ! vidalia spin she shepherd 's sling to pitch lead sling - bullet . spyros leap between perseus and the monster and thrust he weapon -- a vicious - looking harpoon / boat hook . tamburlane hoist a ancient bazooka . mongke light the fuse and back away . ka - boom ! the weapon belch fire and metal . the humbaba stagger from the shot , but lunge and swallow mongke whole . spyros sink he harpoon in one leg , but have it rip from he hand . vidalia a delusion be plant in its mind . it think it 's starve and it want to feed on -- ( suddenly understanding ) -- you ! ( continued ) 58 . continued : the humbaba 's eye bulge with surprise as a saber pierce its nose . from inside , mongke pries open the beast 's mouth with he saber . vidalia I can not reverse the powerful curse . but if the monster 's hungry , I can feed it . vidalia raise she arm and shut she eye . a cyclone of cawing raven descend from the sky and dive straight into the monster 's mouth . as the humbaba try to shake they away , mongke be throw clear . vidalia ( to draco ) now ! the belly ! slash the belly ! draco move to do that when perseus leap forward , lunge and sweep he blade up humbaba 's belly at the same moment draco sweep down . the two blade barely miss each other , open a huge X in the belly . the other be shocked and impressed by perseus . steam purple entrail spill over perseus and draco . humbaba crash to the ground . the flock of raven , liberated from humbaba 's gut , shake the viscera from they feather and take flight . ext . the cedar forest - stream - day perseus , somber , wash the creature 's gut from he arm and leg . he turn to find vidalia stand above he , furious . L - vidalia I should cast a spell upon you and leave you forever a stone upon this stream . perseus I do not beckon the humbaba . vidalia you do , with you childish recklessness , and borea have pay the price ! perseus , already rife with guilt , be stung by the truth . vidalia you safety be entrust to I by the mightiest power on olympos . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 . continued : vidalia ( cont 'd ) but without a think , you risk life and limb , you own and you fellow ' . perseus the monster kill my friend . I could not contain my rage . but you , goddess , be aloof from the emotion of men. vidalia 's eye narrow , enraged . vidalia yes , a tyrannical goddess , who dare question you mad rush to annihilation . ( quietly intense ) the hope of multitude reside with you . you be late in learn you can not act upon every impulse . she whirl and walk away . perseus be leave with the weight of he culpability ... and the beginning of knowledge . int . secret sanctuary of tiamat ( joppa ) - night a cadre of revolutionaries lead by fantasos be gather . agenor , the handsome scullion who make love to andromeda , lead peshet in from the rain . she be frighten ; agenor have misl she . peshet where have you bring I ? agenor it 's okay ... peshet try to leave , but agenor stop she . agenor just listen to this good man . he need you help . fantasos come forward . he fix she with a hypnotic gaze . fantasos do you know who I be , child ? peshet you be the Priest of the street . ( continued ) 60 . continued : fantasos that 's right . you know that the good common people of joppa trust that I will look after they welfare . peshet some do ... fantasos do you love the people of joppa , peshet ? ( as she nod , frightened ) do you want they to be destroy by this awful curse ? ( as she shake she head ) no , of course not . you want what 's best for the people . peshet I have always serve the royal family . fantasos yes , you have , good peshet . and now you may be in a better position than anyone to help the princessa save the city . ext . phrygana scrubland - night amoun smoke he pipe by the die campfire . perseus approach . perseus master amoun ... you know about I , do not you ? when you come to we village ? amoun you birth be write in the star . I seek you out and take it as my cause to teach you . perseus you choose a poor student . I have learn little and my mistake cost dearly . amoun understand that be the first step toward knowledge . ( continued ) 61 . continued : perseus R it will not do borea any good . amoun you can honor borea by the way you act from this moment forward . perseus I be no demigod , tutor . I be not even much of a human . amoun it be not you choice . you be what you be . amor fati , perseus . ' Love thy fate . ' perseus I do not believe my fate be to be half a God . no demigod could feel as confuse as I do tonight . amoun concentrate on the task before you . all answer will come with that . perseus tell I of the cleon Desert legion . amoun a fierce group . train to fight ... amoun 's description continue as we -- CUT to : ext . siroque valley - night superimpose : cleon desert legion bivouac , the dispute territories the desert camp of the legion be light by torch . the legion soldier be handsome , powerful career warrior , go about they evening business -- eat , clean weapon , wash . amoun ( v.0 . ) . behind enemy line . a lookout peer into the dark desert , listen . now he hear something , turn and shout to another sentry : ( continued ) 62 . continued : lookout the night patrol return on the gorge Road ! that message be shout along from sentries to Guards in the camp . out in the darkness on the dusty gorge Road , a dozen Soldiers gallop in ground - shaking formation toward the firelit encampment . amoun ( v.0 . ) . they have be chase djinn raider in the mountain for year . perseus ( v.0 . ) djinn raider ? amoun ( v.0 . ) yes , godly zealot , supposedly insane . they fight like hade himself be keep score ... from the dark surrounding desert , we see the night patrol ride into camp and dismount . amoun ( v.0 . ) .. that 's how the Desert legion come to be call ' god-slayer . ' I be not ashamed to say I will be relieved to have they protection the rest of the way ... amoun 's Voice fade . tilt down to the barren , desert flat . suddenly , a miracle transform the moonlit scrub -- strange , beautiful magenta flowers sprout magically where there have be only dirt and cacti . the lotus blossom surround the camp . ext . mountain ridge ( siroque valley ) - night the cleon camp be just twinkle light from here on the mountain . startlingly , a huge deformed paw / claw / hoof scrape onto a boulder . pull himself into view in repulsive closeup -- kalibo . ( there , within he frightening visage , be the distinctive crooked scar we notice on the jaw of acrisius in he human form . ) when he twisted body have gain purchase , he look up the mountain . a eerie light illuminate he awestruck countenance . above he -- ( continued ) 63. continued : -- tiamat , ensconce in a natural throne of rock . turn a Lotus blossom in she hand , she smile on kalibo , like a benevolent mother . tiamat my loyal friend . it be beneath you to stalk this band of infidel one by one . event demand more decisive action . kalibo ' speech be as torture and deform as he body -- kalibos grorashnrd ... I to be ... ruler ... rhodir ... make whole ... sovfrenty ... kingdom mine ... tiamat yes , kalibo , the time be nigh when I restore you to you rightful form -- proud acrisius . with I , you protector , on the throne of olympos ... the violator Zeus depose . kalibo react , with what must be satisfaction . tiamat go down into this valley . see what I be building for you -- a army dangerous and fearless as you , they leader . ext . cleon legion bivouac - predawn several Soldiers have be draw from camp by the irresistible fragrance of the Lotus flower . they pluck petal and chew they . the rest of the legion filter out between the tent to take they fill of the drug . kalibo watch the handsome , powerful warrior from across the field of Lotus blossom . int . the basilica - andromeda's chamber - night peshet come into the dark room and look at the lump on andromeda 's bed . on instinct , she hurry to the bed and throw off the cover -- a pile of cushion , no andromeda . peshet race out . 64 . ext . the acropolis - night peshet sprint through the rain , dodging the refugees and citizen like a cat , peer under each hood , search for she mistress . ext . the acropolis - cover plaza - night on the plaza , a rabid throng of refugees . fantasos , the Revolutionary leader , exhort the mob , surround by bodyguard , include agenor . as before , fantasos seem to have actual hypnotic power . fantasos how much be we mean to suffer ? where be you mighty King ? safely cloistered above the flood ... on the high ground , with the high - bear -- the privileged gentry !... the angry crowd respond , fist shaking . peshet move through the throng , desperately look for andromeda . she pass close to the rostrum and fantasos register she presence . fantasos . do kepheus worry about you ? no ! only the princessa ... and still , the kraken come ! do the King build he defense at the water 's edge ? " no ! " cry the crowd . peshet be shocked to find herself replying with they -- " no1 " fantasos motion for agenor to continue the harangue , while fantasos hurry off the stage . agenor no ! he make he stand at he daughter 's chamber door !... we will show kepheus we be not sacrificial fodder . we will tremble the wall of he basilica ! rabid support from the mob . peshet stop suddenly , peer ahead . her Pov at the fringe of the crowd , andromeda herself watch from the anonymity of a hood cloak , terrify . ( continued ) 65 . continued : agenor ( o.s. ) andromeda be the one tiamat want ! we die so she may live ... as the crowd explode , andromeda hurry away in tear . peshet fight through the crush to follow she . ext . the acropolis - alley .- night peshet round a corner , frustrated . andromeda be go . a hand grab peshet 's shoulder , startling she . it be fantasos . fantasos peshet , you have come at the right time . fantasos engage she with hypnotic power . peshet nod , trance - like . fantasos one night soon , a go will sound three time . when you hear it , unlock the back gate of the basilica . then go to andromeda 's chamber ... ( hand she a dagger ) . and bring the princess out . my man will take she to leviathan . peshet just stare at the dagger , hand tremble . fantasos do you understand I ? ( harshly , off she non - response ) peshet , do you understand how important you part be ? she nod , horrify by she predicament . ext . road ( the siroque mountain ) - day superimpose : the siroque mountain , the dispute territories ... 19 day remaining the expedition move through a mountain pass . perseus eye a cliff . amoun and draco stop . glimpsis of cloak figure in the boulder . amoun you want to know about djinn raider . here they be . ( continued ) 66 . continued : draco ( to the other ) look sharp . watch you surround . ext . siroque valley - day vidalia warily eye the carpet of magenta flower . vidalia the alkali Lotus ... she stop , spot something in the distance . kosmo pull up . vidalia what be that ? there Pov shimmer through the desert heat -- tent and flag . back to scene kosmo ( smile ) a army bivouac ... fly the flag of joppa . its the cleon legion . ext . cleon legion bivouac - day the expedition enter the abandon camp . they look around in dismay . draco where be everyone ? spyros hear something and follow the SOUND to a tent , weapon ready . int . tent - day spyros look inside . a cauldron bubble over a fresh fire . alkali lotus blossom bob on the boil broth . spyros , uneasy , back out . ext . cleon legion bivouac - day be L spyros come out . ( continued ) 67 . continued : spyros draco , tell I what this -- everyone be stand perfectly still . dark figure surround they . the transformed cleon legion lurch into view . the only resemblance to the soldier they be be they armor .. now they be monstrous creature : lotophagi . close on a deformed foot as it plant in the dust . the companion foot land beside it -- completely different . tilt up to : kalibo . perseus stand by vidalia , watch the monster . kalibo immediately focus on the demigod . he sniff the air around perseus . vidalia ( whispering ) lotophagi . lotus-eater . we should leave ... now . perseus I will not do anything rash . I have learn my lesson . vidalia this time you must do something rash . we all must . kalibo lean close to perseus . kalibos tosharicana ... demigod ... expulsotat ... Zeusl perseus no ... perseus . perseus whip out he sword . the whole expedition come to life as -- the lotophagi attack , swift and brutal . Long arm thrash and rip at the praetorian . mongke and tamburlane blast the swarm with handggonn . spyros lobotomize one with he harpoon . amoun open a leather sack of sand . amoun muster to I ! ( continued ) 68 . continued : thad , krikor and perseus be the first there . amoun toss a arc of the black sand around they all . the ring of sand transform into a dense , swirl swarm of insect . amoun shout to the other , still fight . amoun come on ! you can pass through ! draco bolt for the barrier . a lotophagi spear kosmo , kill he . draco slide inside the swarm . he look back at kosmo in horror . polluc slashes zomby and run toward the swarm . he 's almost there when one of the lotophagi land on he , sink fang into he skull . polluc stick he sword into the creature ; they both fall over dead . ico and spyros fight they way to the swarm and jump inside . mongke and tamburlane kill a lotus-eater and leap over the corpse into the protect circle . the tide of howling and shrieking lotophagi claw at the barrier of insect to no avail . amoun only human can penetrate the shield ! perseus take quick stock of the group inside the swarm , think . perseus only human ... he look over the lotophagi and see vidalia out there , alone , fling sling - bullet as she fight she way toward the barrier . perseus Drop the barrier ! be amoun no ! it 's too late for she ! perseus Drop it , amoun ! at that moment , kalibo grab vidalia and drag she to the top of a outcrop . at the top , he turn , look directly at perseus and howl , he message clear : " if you want to save she , come and get she . " he hungrily rip she leather bandeau . perseus turn to amoun . ( continued ) 69 . continued : perseus take the barrier down or I will go through it ! amoun have you learn nothing ? if you break out now , we be all at risk . on the boulder , kalibo grab vidalia 's white flesh . perseus be anguish ; he know he 's in love . perseus I have learn one thing for certain ! perseus shout at thad , the massive praetorian . perseus get down ! perseus back away three step . to the other -- perseus get ready to defend yourselves ! perseus run , plant a foot on thad 's back and leap out through the swarm , which immediately dissipate around the human . they have only a moment to react as the stunne lotophagi come to they sense . draco let 's kill this frek ! perseus run over the back of the lotophagi . hurtling off they , he scramble up and knock kalibo off vidalia . ralibos roll , flip onto he foot and give perseus a look : " you be the one that I want . " they face off , look for a open . perseus lunge , thrust he sword . kalibo dodge , spring up the rock and then down toward perseus , acrobatic as a ape . perseus roll out of the way . perseus sweep he sword at kalibo ' head . the monster catch the blade in he jaw and snap it in two ! bloody spittle fly from he tongue . kalibo pounce , pin perseus . he open he jaw and sink he tooth into perseus ' shoulder . vidalia crack a rock into kalibo ' head . the creature whirl on vidalia and careen toward she , head bloody . perseus leap in the air and catch kalibo in the back with both foot , knock he over the edge . ( continued ) 70 . continued : kalibo slam down on the jag boulder and ricochet off , pinwheel through the air . the grotesque figure hit the lower rock head - first and he neck crunch . he slam into the dust , dead . perseus land on he back , weak from the bite . when he try to rise , he leg be rubbery . vidalia catch he as he fall forward and lower he gently , look at the bloody puncture wound . vidalia ( soothing ) okay ... sshh ... I have get you . a thunderous SOUND surge in the distance . vidalia scan the horizon . down below draco , spyros , amoun and the other hack away , fend off the lotophagi . outnumber , they will not last long . the earth vibrate . the lotophagi be distract , look around nervously . over a rise stampede scorpioch , rhino-sized scorpion . Riding they , djinn raider , flow black silk mask all but they blue eye . they lay into the lotophagi . the scorpioch skewer the beast with huge pincer . the djinn use flash scimitars to cut they down . atop the rock in vidalia 's arm , the fade perseus watch as the djinn turn and surround the expedition member , close in . perseus vidalia ... we need to help they ... he black out . vidalia crane to look over the edge of the cliff where kalibo fall . she be mystify by what she sees : the deform monster kalibo be go . in he place , neck break , lie a handsome , aging noble , finally at peace -- King acrisius . 71 . ext . siroque mountain - djinn caravan - night a string of light , each a lantern hang from a scorpioch 's tail . the expedition member ride on the scorpioch with the djinn . some of the huge scorpion carry small box / room ( palanquin ) on they back . int . palanquin - night perseus lie sprawle on cushion , unconscious . vidalia replace the dress on he bite wound . know he can not hear she -- vidalia to save I , you risk everything -- you mission , you friend ... the fate of multitude . Men need better judgment in the one who be mean to lead they ... no longer able to lecture , she regards he with love . tenderly -- vidalia you should not have risk you life for I . it be a waste to save I when I will be go so soon . she stroke he hair and kiss he forehead . vidalia thank you for you reckless disregard . thank you , perseus ... vidalia hold she palm above the floor and mutter a quick incantation . a small shoot appear and sprout fat pod . vidalia squeeze the salve from a pod and cover perseus ' wound . the wound bulge , then squirm deeper into perseus . perseus shoot up , clutching he chest . vidalia gently lay he down . perseus gag . a viper wriggles from he throat and slither away with the fat lump of infection in its stomach . vidalia the poison be go now . perseus where ... where be we ? the djinn -- ( continued ) 72 . continued : vidalia in the djinn caravan . they be escort we to the skolothian border . perseus but I think the djinn ... vidalia . we all do . but they leader , Shaikh Suleiman , have some special interest in you . ( off he confusion ) just sleep . she wave she palm over he face , and he do sleep . ext . cleon legion bivouac - day survive lotophagi chew on the bone of the fall . one reach hungrily for a alkali Lotus in the sand , but suddenly the petal blacken and curl . the creature , spook , sniff the air . all at once , the lotophagi age year in second and keel over , dead . the cause : set the void glide over , surveying the battlefield . ext . village in skolothia - day the expedition ride through a war-ravage village of stucco and thatch . door and shutter creak shut as they pass , unseen inhabitant skitter about . superimpose : frontier of skolothia ... 15 day remaining draco the skolothian have suffer more than they share in this war . the legion of the god have batter they . spyros it 's no wonder they shy away from all stranger . perseus look ahead , where the expedition be parting company with the djinn raider . only one of the djinn be stay -- shaikh suleiman , a veile priest . perseus L why do this djinn priest stay with we ? ( continued ) 73. continued : amoun because of you . you be the reason they save we . perseus I ? I do not understand . amoun why do not you ask he ? perseus I think they do not speak . amoun they have no mouth . that do not mean they do not speak . dissolve to : ext . mountain road - series of shot - day the expedition climb through rugge country . at a turn , amoun look up . Dead ahead , wreathe in fog -- sheer granite pinnacle , one tower above the other . amoun the pillar of moirai . lair of the norn sister . perseus tell I of they . amoun they be witch in the form of strix . not a pleasant sight , a strix . they have powerful magic and dreadful habit . baby -eater , among other thing . ( off perseus ' shock ) but they owe I a favor . when the war break out , they leat they power to man against the god in exchange for infant sacrifice . tiamat strike they blind for they treachery . when they come for help , I fashioned they a artificial eye , for they second sight . perseus you make only one eye ? ( continued ) 74 . continued : amoun ( pleased with he foresight ) yes . they have to take turn . if they all could see at once , they would be invincible , which one can not risk in being so grotesque . ext . camp ( skolothia ) - night the expedition sleep in a drizzle . whisper . Shaikh Suleiman move toward perseus . the whispering come from behind he veil . he pull a gleaming bronze sickle from he cloak . the priest , blade poise , stand over the sleep perseus . out of the darkness run spyros , he harpoon raise for a strike . spyros stay away from my boy ! without touch he , the Shaikh throw the fisherman over he head , where he land hard with a " umph ! " perseus jolt awake . he reach for he sword , but have none . spyros struggle to he foot to start another charge . Suleiman raise he hand and freeze spyros in he position . the Shaikh 's veil have fall , revealing he frightening countenance : scale skin of char wood ; eye like slot in a furnace . perseus listen to the whispering . perseus spyros , he mean I no harm . the Shaikh lower he hand : spyros fall into the dirt . the Shaikh pull he veil over he face . he kneel before perseus , head bow . perseus I hear you and I understand you . but I do not know how . shaikh suleiman moi not epos ae 'prositi , mene daeva . ( continued ) 75 . continued : perseus you be praying to I ? there must be a mistake . the Shaikh proffer the gleam bronze sickle which have a zig - zag , lightning bolt pattern engrave on the blade , honore Zeus . perseus a offer ' ? I thank you and take it humbly , as agift from a friend , not a offer . he take the weapon and bow he head , surprising the Shaikh . shaikh suleiman tuj patir esti ho theos kosmosr . perseus you honor my father ? you honor spyros ? shaikh suleiman Ho Zeus patir ... Zeus ... perseus react , take aback to hear it from this mysterious stranger . ext . moirai pillar - night the expedition ascend the sheer pinnacle via rain-slick stair and groaning rope bridge . ext . summit of moirai pillar - sunrise in a morning fog , the expedition enter a circle of free - stand monolith white with bird crap . all around : regurgitate food , shred garment and tiny human baby bone . a flap of wing and suddenly perch atop the stone be the norn sister : urd , verdandi , and skuld -- human - size owl with the gray face of old crone ( strix ) . each have one central eye socket ; they share one artificial orb . the strix toss the Eye between they and pop it in to study the arrival . urd ( low , hoot - owl ) amoun ... so sorry to see you again . ( continued ) 76 . continued : amoun likewise , urd. I seek you counsel . verdandi ( shrieking ) you want we to tell you about leviathan . amoun you know already ... of course . verdandi we know this -- the kraken cannot be defeat . skuld ( piercing ) you have waste a journey . I trust it be not a taxing one . the sister cackle horribly . skuld swooshes down . ico and krikor , terrify , hit the deck . skuld toss the Eye back to urd. perseus watch with grow irritation . amoun surely the beast from the sea have some weakness . you owe I this answer at least . urd the sister owe nothing to you or any man ! she toss the Eye to verdandi , who focus she attention on perseus . verdandi there 's something wrong with that one . I do not like have he here . skuld let I take a look . verdandi toss the Eye to skuld . perseus leap and snag the Eye out of mid-air . the strix screech . perseus go to the precipice . perseus tell we what we want to know or you Eye have see its last . ( continued ) 77 . continued : the norn flap they wing and puff up they feather . to amoun : verdandi you have bring a thief into we nest ! urd a villain ! skuld scum ! amoun no , good sister ... the son of Zeus . the strix react in horror and all land on the same monolith . perseus since you can not see , let I tell you what 's about to happen . I be about to throw this evil Eye to the rock far below . I fear its journey will be a taxing one . the member of the expedition be impressed ; vidalia , too : the young demigod show grow leadership . the strix be panicked -- urd we can not tell you . we do not dare betray tiamat again . verdandi she see all ! her touch be feel in every evil thing ! skuld a second offense and she will destroy usl perseus you do not have to tell we the secret . but you will have to live as blind as she make you . skuld no ! give we the Eye and we will tell . perseus tell I first . if I like the answer , you get you Eye . ( continued ) 78 . continued : verdandi we need the Eye to see the answer ! amoun you know the answer sure as you already know the question . the norn sister confer , enclose in a curtain of wing . then -- skuld leviathan can be destroy ... verdandi the beast have one weakness . spyros tell we now ! the strix be tear , frighten . finally -- urd the stare of Medusa . no creature can look directly in she eye and still survive . the answer hang in the silence of the stunne expedition . amoun they be lie , perseus . perseus study the sister , weigh he response . perseus I believe they . ( toss the Eye high ) here 's you second sight . verdandi launch and catch it in she beak , pop it in she socket . perseus ( to the norn ) and Medusa ! where do she abide ? skuld in tartaros , beyond the freeze tethys Sea . only charon 's ferry dare challenge the ice . perseus how can she be slain ? ( continued ) 79 . continued : verdandi with extraordinary cun and unimaginable luck . skuld flap to the pitch - black portal to a underground vault . skuld and the proper tool . explore we cache of spoil . you may find such a tool . perseus stare into the black entrance . draco do not go in there , perseus . it 's a trap . verdandi no . we have guarantee the rage of tiamat with this revelation ... skuld . we ask only that the young God mention we aid ... urd ... to he Father . perseus ( nods ) if ever I should meet he . ( turn toward the vault ) I need a light . the Shaikh hold a branch near he eye until the end burst into flame and hand it to perseus , who disappear into the blackness . int . vault of the norn sister - day perseus fight through cobweb and hang root . the torch reveal pile of armor , bone , and break weapon . a round edge catch he eye . he pull it free -- a shield , tarnished and dented . unsure why it attract he , he shoulder it and leave . 80 . ext . ocean - night the STORM rage around a fleet of ship , manned by armored crewmen , that rise and fall on hundred - foot mountain of water . ext . deck of lead ship - night the first mate shout to the stalwart captain . first mate Captain , the storm be too great ! captain joppa be under siege ! King kepheus need this supplies ! something huge breach the surface . the captain squint through the rain ... and see the gigantic scute tail of leviathan . it goe right past they , miraculously leave the fleet untouched . but then -- they hear a sound bigger than the typhoon . the dark sky get darker as a enormous black shape appear behind the fleet , bear down on they at impossible speed -- tiamat' palace -galleon so dwarf the fleet that it plows through the other ship without notice , obliterate they in second , send all hand to the depth . ext . tiamat' palace -galleon - prow - close on tiamat be frightening visage - night lit by flash of lightning . the goddess smile in satisfaction at the devastation . ext . jetty ( the tethys sea ) - day a bleak shore . a boulder jetty jut into the cold pewter sea and fade into the fog . chunks of ice bob on the lap wave . superimpose : the tethys sea ... 12 day remaining the expedition , miserably wet , wait for passage around a campfire on the frigid beach . perseus , polish the shield he get from the norn , look to amoun , who sit smoking . perseus tell of the gorgoneion . ( continued ) 81 . continued : amoun the rape of Medusa ? everyone fall silent . the soldier shift , suddenly nervous . thad with respect , magi , do not recite that black tale . you will bring the sky down upon we . spyros do a fairy tale frighten you , soldier ? thad look at he , sharply . draco tell the story , sir . my man fear only one thing -- to let fear in they heart . mongke say something that mean , " go ahead already . " amoun Medusa be a tender young woman once -- a mortal creature of such rare beauty as to tempt even the god . one night , on the road home , she catch the eye of the God of desert and entropy -- set the void . flashback - ext . country road - night a stun beauty , young medusa , carry a water pitcher . suddenly , frighten , she turn , see something , drop the pitcher and run . amoun ( v.0 . ) she hasten to hallow ground , think the goddess tiamat would protect she in she temple . but the God set follow . a shadow pass swiftly over the shattered pitcher , in pursuit . int . temple of tiamat - night in the center of the dark hall , set overtake Medusa , L. force she down . ( continued ) 82. continued : his cloak ripple as shape push through the spectral fold -- the girl 's reach finger , she scream face . amoun ( v.0 . ) he ravish she on the cold floor . she feel the heartless passion of a god. same scene - later alone , Medusa crawl with bloody fingernails toward the altar . amoun ( v.0 . ) despoil and break in the shadow of tiamat 's altar , she pray for comfort and plead for courage ... but the goddess of the deep regard Medusa with disdain . the prayer of such a frail and filthy mortal angere tiamat . a bust of tiamat chisele from black crystal open she blazing eye , throwing a long shadow of medusa onto the wall . amoun ( v.0 . ) the goddess twisted young Medusa into a loathsome new thing ... the contort shadow show the transformation . leg twist and snap and become a slithering tail . snake head wriggle from she skull . L ext . jetty ( tethys sea ) - back to the campfire - day ( present ) the expedition all hang on amoun 's every word . amoun .. and curse she with a hateful stare that petrify to stone all that look upon she . grave silence . draco realize he 's burn he dinner on the fire . spyros shake he head . perseus just stare , a believer . noise come from the fog : splintering ice ; slosh oar . a shape emerge -- a ice-cutte three - tiered galley , oar move with precision . ( continued ) 83. continued : amoun charon 's ferry . ext . the tethys sea - day the prow of the galley cut through ice . row of oar slice the frigid water , pull the boat through at a steady clip . int . galley - below deck - day Dark , hot and loud : pipe , steam , gear and piston . charon , a grizzle old sea captain , shovel coal and slam the furnace close . he walk past he " crew " -- mechanical oarsmen of tarnish brass , row tirelessly . charon don fur , then climb up to -- ext . galley - upper deck - day -- a icy , slick deck , snow . the expedition huddle around stove , miserable . we hear the oar beat , the hull groan , the ice cracking . charon chortle , he voice deeper than the sea -- charon better stoke that fire , boy , it 's go to get cold soon . int . hold - day in a small space among the store , vidalia circle perseus , whose eye be shut . suddenly , she sweep he leg out . he land hard . vidalia she 's get a tail and she will use it just like that . perseus open he eye . vidalia keep you eye shut ! open they with Medusa and it will be you last look . perseus ( close eye ) you be enjoy this too much . ( continued ) 84 . continued : he can not see she smile . or that she regards he with something hotter than amusement . she try to punch he , but he block it . vidalia good ! please , he do not sense she right cross , which knock he down . vidalia do you think the gorgon will hit once and then surrender she head ? he get up , eye close , and resume the defensive position , turn as she move around he . vidalia listen ... you will hear she muscle coil . feel she hunger in you gut . ask , how will she feed it ? perseus I wish it , but I can not perceive the world that way . vidalia you can . you be the son of a God . perseus nothing I have do have convinced I of that . vidalia you do not see yourself clearly yet . in time , you action in crisis will sharpen you view . her faith touch he deeply . she resume the lesson : vidalia you can do that thing , perseus , and much more . he shadow she movement more closely , back and forth . vidalia we think a room be silent until someone point out the wind . then the wind be all we hear . she strike . he dodge and lock she neck . please , she flip he . ( continued ) 85 . continued : surprisingly , he land on he foot , and immediately sweep she leg . she start to fall backwards , but -- slow motion as perseus dive forward and cradle she gently as they both fall to the floor . a move beyond human . she look up at he close eye , worried . they lip be inch apart . regular speed -- perseus I be beginning to hear the wind . ( sense something , confuse ) vidalia ... why be you afraid ? she kiss he , deeply . he return it . suddenly , she roll free and stand up , turn away from he . perseus wait ... she be already climb the ladder . she stop for only a moment -- vidalia you have learn enough for now . ext . galley - upper deck - day spyros be at the rail , look over the ocean of ice . perseus , troubled , arrive . spyros look at he closely . perseus what ? spyros nothing . perseus what do you see ? spyros a look I know well . perseus from I ? spyros never before . perseus then where ? spyros smile , put he huge , callouse hand on perseus ' shoulder . ( continued ) 86 . continued : spyros in my own mirror , son . perseus when do it go away ? spyros if we be lucky ... never . ext . coast of tartaros - day a landscape of volcanic rock . lava pour into the sea raise veil of steam , through which the expedition disembark from the galley . superimpose : coast of tartaros ... 10 day remaining ext . tartaros - day the expedition cross the black terrain , lava vent here or there . ext . temple of tartaros - lava field - day in the distance , dark ruin -- a ominous tilt facade , half - sink in the dry lava flow . shaikh suleiman jaggous temploi tartaros de gorgoneion maitress . amoun the Temple of tartaros ... Medusa 's lair . mongke and tamburlane exchange word and point . they all look -- two stone statue flank the entrance : a pair of enormous centaur -- nessus and ixion , they eyelid sewn shut . ico and krikor exchange distress look . amoun Medusa must have turn they to stone . perseus swing he sickle , measure its balance , and adjust he shield . he check a canvas sack on he belt . perseus I be go into the Temple . ( continued ) 87 . continued : draco I be with you . spyros ( step forward ) I go with my boy . perseus , spyros , and draco split off toward the temple . suddenly , the two " statue , " nessus and ixion , shake off they dusty skin and come to life . they gallop down the ridge , hoof shaking the ground . they raise fearsome spiky mace of jag iron . vidalia ready she sling . the Shaikh draw he scimitar . mongke and tamburlane load they handgonn , the other draw sword . ext . temple of tartaros - portico - day the Temple group arrive at the step . draco speak to perseus draco be you afraid ? perseus of what ? draco good boy . perseus yes . you ? draco ( nods ) stay close and I will steer we through . they tie on blindfold and feel they way into the Temple . ext . temple of tartaros - lava field - day nessus and ixion arrive . ixion 's mace catch krikor , fling he to he death in a open lava vent . ico cry out for he friend and charge in . ixion smashes he to oblivion . thad , enraged , race at nessus , but the centaur dodge the massive praetorian and kick he in the chest , kill he . ( continued ) 88. continued : nessus charge amoun . amoun throw a handful of sand , which become a hail of steel - barbed dart in midair , C which lash the centaur 's flesh . tamburlane roll under the beast and fire he weapon . nessus hurl the monster- hunter against a boulder and go for he when -- -- Shaikh Suleiman jump between they . his scimitar slashes but be rip from he hand . the Shaikh bow he head . nessus ' mace shatter Shaikh Suleiman 's head of char wood . blue FIRE shoot out he neck , enveloping the centaur . the burn centaur crumple , dead . ixion slam he mace down , just miss amoun . suddenly , vidalia 's sling - bullet slice he flesh . ixion turn and leap at vidalia . int . temple of tartaros - day in the subterranean temple , we hear ixion landing above ; dust rain into the cavern . sunlight angle through hole in the roof . draco , spyros and perseus move blindly through the debris . corpse everywhere , face freeze in stone scream . the man can not see it , but one wall suddenly frame a silhouette of medusa : hair of hissing snake atop a woman 's torso , the body of a mammoth reptile . we see only glimpse of Medusa as she slide through the shadow . her fork tongue taste the air . cutting between spyros , perseus and draco , move silently on opposite side of the sanctuary . our view of draco be suddenly blocked by Medusa -- she coil around draco without touch he . he hear the rasp of scale on stone . draco I hear she , perseus . she 's near ! her torso behind he , she rattle she tail in front . draco spin and slice the air . the rattle stop . draco wait , confuse . ( continued ) 89 . continued : perseus ( o.s. ) ( from across the room ) draco , be wary -- ! Medusa gingerly tug draco 's blindfold free . draco see the tail before he . unthink , he instinctively spin and look . Medusa 's face be inch from draco 's . his muscle lock and he flesh harden to scabrous stone , emanate smoky gas . Medusa breathes in the vapor ecstatically . at that moment a hole blast through the roof of the cavern as ixion crash down in a cloud of dirt -- dead , a gape wound in he head . Medusa regards she fall minion in horror , loose a mournful sigh . spyros hear her and blindly hurl he harpoon toward the sound . with the harpoon as its sail cleanly through slant pillar and debris , whoosh , whoosh , until it come through a tiny open and -- thud into Medusa 's body ! the monster scream , whipping about . she try to pull the harpoon out , but can not . spyros ( o.s. ) perseus , I think she 's hit ! perseus ( o.s. ) where ? spyros ( o.s. ) near to the leave ! Medusa 's enraged attention shift back and forth between the voice of the two man , decide which to attack . perseus try to control he shake , jump at every sound , head swiveling blindly . from a distance -- spyros ( o.s. ) perseus ... I do not hear she near I ! perseus step back and bump into a column . 90 . above he F - Medusa be coiled around the column , harpoon stick in she bloody side . she crawl down toward perseus . perseus against the column . from the top of frame , Medusa 's finger reach for he blindfold . she pull the knot and the blindfold fall . eye close , perseus slashes the air , sweeping the sickle about until it smashes into the column -- brinnngi the SOUND echoes , then fade . perseus wait and listen . then , ping ! , one drop of Medusa 's blood land on he shield . perseus open he eye and peer into he shield . in the reflection on the bronze , he sees : Movement . snake . sear eye ... Medusa ! eye shut , he windmills he weapon above he . Medusa 's talon deflect the blade and the sickle fly from he grip . perseus scramble for it on he hand and knee . behind he , Medusa slither down the column and head for perseus . perseus reach the sickle . he lift he shield up in front of he and see Medusa 's reflection grow closer behind he . he shut he eye and wheel around , blade sweeping . a soft f-thmmp as the blade slice through something ... silence . perseus turn away and open he eye , look into the shield . still , Medusa loom behind he ! but suddenly , Medusa 's head thud and roll on the ground . the headless reflection topple over , dead . r- ext . temple of tartaros - magic hour the aftermath : the survivor -- vidalia , amoun , mongke , and tamburlane -- take mournful stock of they loss . mongke see something , smile and swear in he language . they all turn to see : perseus and spyros , spend and sadden , stand at the top of the Temple step . perseus grasp the canvas sack . now it hold Medusa 's head , which bloddy the whole bag and send a crimson drip to the stone . there be still movement in there -- squirming serpent . 91 . ext . joppa' lower wharf - night rain and wave pound the lower wharf , the water choke with debris and rotting corpse . ext . the basilica ( joppa ) - high parapet - night kepheus stand in the rain with he minister of defense and general at he side . a massive tent town have be pitch in the piazza . voice -- frequent and angry -- shout curse at the basilica . kepheus the relief fleet be lose . monster gather outside we wall . soon I will not be able to keep my own people at bay . and still , no word from the expedition . kepheus raise a spyglass to survey the view beyond the city wall . spyglass Pov - tiamat' army on the plain outside the city . bonfire rage , monster regiment assemble . Siege tower roll toward the city . back to scene kepheus tiamat command a massive horde . how many day remain ? minister of defense four , majesty ... kepheus lower the glass , look grim . general andor we force prepare . we have card yet to play . we will buy the time we need until ... kepheus until the expedition perhaps return ?... until we be save by the fisherman 's son ? minister of defense my king , remember and take hope ... he be not truly the son of a fisherman . ( continued ) 92 . continued : kepheus ( skeptical ) from you lip , I pray , to he true father 's ear . andromeda have appear . all be shocked to see she . she address the other with a authority we have never see . andromeda I would speak with the King in private . minister of defense princess , let we find a protect place -- andromeda we can speak here , in the element we subject endure . the King 's man exchange look , then bow discreetly away , leave father and daughter alone . andromeda look down at the tent city . kepheus they take refuge from the lower wharf . a sight I wish you would never see . andromeda you have shelter I too long from the hard thing in this world . kepheus I would have it no other way . andromeda and I thank you for the gift of my cossete youth . but now , with mother so ... ( turn to he ) it 's time I share this burden you have carry so long . fill with emotion , he put a arm around she . kepheus you make I proud , but you be only a child ... my little one . andromeda no , no longer . you protection of I have bring hardship to we people ... ( more ) ( continued ) 93. continued : andromeda ( cont 'd ) and to I , perhaps , new understanding . I must ask you something , Father . she turn away from he gaze and look down at the city . andromeda if you could end this siege with just one unselfish act , would you do it ? kepheus to save my people , yes , of course . andromeda such a act be within my power . he study she a moment , then become alarmed . keph eus stop itl I forbid you to entertain such thought . andromeda perseus and the other be willing to give everything . kepheus ( turn she to he ) listen to I . by the time this be over , you mother and I may well be go . but I guarantee the day be come when joppa will know glory under Queen andromeda . she embrace he , head upon he shoulder , where he can not see she resolve . andromeda be at peace , Father , I will not cause you any more sadness than I already have . ext . olive grove ( illyria ) - milestone - day a ancient wall road curve over the pastoral orchard hill . superimpose : milestone , hill of illyria ... 3 day remaining the exhaust expedition be now six : perseus , vidalia , amoun , spyros , mongke , and tamburlane . they have stop at a well beside a milestone . ( continued ) 94 . continued : spyros study the ancient word carve into the milestone : " polis of jove pater : XI stadia S. " spyros eleven stadia to the South ... what be ' polis of jove pater ' ? I be ignorant of this . amoun jove the Father be another name by which Zeus be know . this milestone date from when city state be name for they patron deity . perseus , fill he canteen , peer at the marker as amoun use one hand to cover the letter " - ve " and the other the letter " - ter . " amoun ' the polis of jove pater ' be the ancient name of -- perseus -- joppa . amoun yes , joppa ... once the most sacred site in the worship of jove . perseus ( dawn on he ) tiamat choose the city of Zeus to take hostage . ( as amoun confirm this ) she compel the people to make human sacrifice of the princess andromeda ... amoun . and transform joppa into the new church of tiamat . the ancient abode of Zeus ... vidalia ( quietly ) become the new home of tiamat , granting she sway to supplant he as the God of god . ( urgently to perseus ) you can not allow tiamat to rule olympos . ( continued ) 95 . continued : perseus hold she look . " no , " he will not let that happen . but in he eye be fear and doubt . ext . forest trail ( illyria ) - magic hour the expedition pass through deep wood . spyros and perseus ride side by side . perseus Father , we have see much on this journey we cannot hold in we hand . yet this thing be real enough . at each turn , we find monster and god . spyros yes , the evidence be everywhere once we leave we island . that 's why I so rarely leave . this god , what do you make of they ? perseus as you always say , they be petty , vengeful ... and dangerous . spyros yes , as bad as man . ( as perseus smile ) and would you have that sort guide you life ? perseus no . Men must be accountable to themselves . otherwise we serve poor master . spyros that 's my boy . amoun ride up . amoun we should stop for the night . perseus we must keep move . time be run out . spyros if we do not rest the horse , they will not make it to joppa . ( continued ) 96 . continued : amoun ( to perseus ) we all need rest . if you do not save yourself , you will have nothing leave when you face the kraken . Riding behind they , vidalia ( paler and more ephemeral than ever ) be suddenly alert . she peer into the wood , agitate . then she exclaim softly , dismount and run into the wood . perseus vidalia ! perseus slide from he horse and follow she . mongke say something to tamburlane ; they laugh . amoun to spyros : amoun why do not we stop here tonight ? spyros smile , look off after perseus . ext . forest ( illyria ) - dark grove - magic hour vidalia dart through the tree . she stop , close she eye , move off again . through a stand of tree , vidalia appear again , and stop , search she sense . perseus arrive and watch she . vidalia I know this place ... suddenly , she hurry to the trunk of a ancient tree . she probe the foliage , step forward ... and descend into the ground , out of sight . follow , perseus pull away greenery , revealing a open in the tree 's massive root . int . underground shrine - magic hour perseus drop into a dim , earthen de . vidalia stand motionless before a bare altar . vidalia this be my church . where I be bear to the world . where my people pray to I . ( continued ) 97 . continued : perseus who be they ? vidalia ( uncertain ) I know they be human . they seem so fragile . I shelter they because I think the harsh world would break they . now I know I underestimate they . her eye pierce perseus . vidalia when I see you come out with Medusa 's head , I see that a man have do a impossible thing . beautiful , yes , but not fragile . resilient . fearless . perseus I be mad with fear . I be no hero . I just do not want to die . perseus turn toward the altar . perseus what be this ? a marble tablet sit on the altar , its surface deface . vidalia run she finger along the scoring . vidalia when the war begin , Men range through the hill , stamp out any trace of god-worship they find . ( touch the tablet ) my true name be carve here . when it be obliterate , my worshipper lose faith and my last season begin . perseus how long do you have ? vidalia only day . perseus what will happen ? vidalia I will vanish , quick as dew evaporate at dawn . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . continued : vidalia ( cont 'd ) no one will notice the moment because all think of I will be go . perseus what about I ? vidalia nothing can save I . he take she in he arm . vidalia be rive by anguish and desire . perseus I do not believe that . will love not buy another day , vidalia ? vidalia ( tear flowing ) I be cut free of earthly long . why do you have to give I a name ? the light be almost go now . they kiss . the wilted blossom in she crown slowly open with color . they begin to make love . dissolve to : int . underground shrine - night perseus and vidalia lie together , listen to the sound of nightingale , cricket and owl . perseus when you vanish , I will find you . vidalia Close you eye . 1 perseus I would rather look at you . vidalia do what I tell you . ( as he do ) I be go to give you a spell . perseus do not give away you secret . you still have need of they . L ( continued ) 99 . continued : vidalia let I give you this sliver of magic . I will write it on you instinct . when the time come , you will know how to use it . she take he head in she hand , press she forehead to he . gently , she finger slip into he mind . a tear run down she cheek . perseus ' Pov in quick flash : a white lid open to a black eye . reflected in the eye -- cloud roll over a stormy sky . then : feathered white wing beat the air . then : Racing over the surface of a blue sea , and then down , down , to smash through the surface , into the depth . int . temple of tartaros - night tiamat and set the void stand over the corpse of Medusa . baby snake and beetle spill out of she neatly - slice neck . tiamat be furious . tiamat how do he do this ? they be not even to reach Medusa . set fate have begin to shift . the future ripple with uncertainty . tiamat spare I you pitiful maunder ! there be no fate beyond my action and no uncertainty in the face of my will . set ( cowed ) I mean only that the demigod bend the path without know it . he be ignorant of the rule , or unconcern with they . she turn on he with such a violent look , he flinch . ( continued ) 100 . continued : tiamat then there shall be no rule ! prove to I you have not lose that which make you most valuable . set absorb she tirade , stung . set and Zeus ... the other ? tiamat I be you ally . that be all you need to know . bloody you hand and rid I of this pestilence . set you have liberated I , my Queen . watch as you desire be quickly satisfied . set disappear . int . underground shrine - sunrise perseus jolt awake . he reach for vidalia , but she be go . amoun stand over he , he manner severe . perseus where be she ? amoun this be my fault . I have permit .this infatuation to progress too far . perseus it be not yours to permit , master ... with respect . vidalia come down into the shrine , she apron full of berry . vidalia look what I have find for we -- she startles when she see amoun , drop the berry . amoun ( to vidalia ) have you forget perseus be engage to the princessa ? perseus I will not marry andromeda . ( continued ) 101 . continued : both amoun and vidalia be surprised . amoun if by some miracle you survive this encounter with leviathan , the hand of the princessa be you reward . perseus I want no reward . amoun be you so selfish ? would you risk everything for the foolish love of -- a blast of hot desert wind blow into the shrine . the berry turn brown and shrivel . amoun grab he chest . perseus and vidalia crumple in agony . set the void come into the shrine . amoun try to invoke a spell , but set touch he chest and amoun split open . set point at vidalia , slamm she into the earthen wall . the God be there in a instant , strangling she . perseus stagger up and swing he sickle , but set point , rip the weapon from perseus ' hand . it fly across the shrine and sink with a clang into the tablet that once hold vidalia 's true name . still choke vidalia , set grab perseus ' arm . perseus double over , paralyze by the God 's touch . suffocate , vidalia fade more . immobilize , perseus watch she struggle and search he be : perseus ( low , rasp ) I be half God ... and now be the time ... perseus rise . he cock he arm and clobber set with a ear-splitt crack of thunder and a sparking burst of white ENERGY . set drop vidalia and lurch back , aghast . black blood shoot from he mouth . perseus , he face contort in rage , choke set . the God 's body spasm and deform in death throes . ( continued ) 102 . continued : perseus slam the God down in a ghastly heap , which liquefy into thick black blood . it seep into the sandy floor , leave a ugly stain . perseus rush to embrace vidalia , who be more evanescent than ever . they look with pain at the remain of amoun . vidalia I be so sorry , perseus . a look of brutal , determine resolve grow in perseus ' face . vidalia ( in awe ) you face a God in lethal combat ... and vanquish he . never have I hear of such a thing . he look at she , mind racing , then lift she as he stand . perseus we must go quickly now . he pull the sickle from the marble with a brinng ! the light flash off Zeus ' lightning bolt pattern on the blade . perseus the combat have just begin . dissolve to : L int . hidden sanctuary of tiamat ( joppa ) - night fantasos and the leader of the Revolution be gather around a sacrificial FIRE . they fill the room with they chanting . superimpose : joppa ... the eve of the 30 th day fantasos we invoke thee , Queen of the deep . we attend thee only to listen and obey . fantasos move through smoke to a altar , on which be a fearsome idol of tiamat , unlike any representation we have see . ( continued ) 103 . continued : fantasos we serve you will so that we may be absorb into you perfection ... Holy of holy ... tiamat ! the sanctuary be suddenly fill with the voice of -- tiamat ( v.0 . ) loyal servant ... it may be a illusion , but the idol seem to have take on the most subtle of life . it do not move , but it breathes . tiamat ( v.0 . ) you have sow the seed of revolt . now come the harvest . my legion stand ready at the gate . only one rite of consecration remain before the ascension . fantasos , close to the idol , flinch , buffete by a unseen draft . tiamat ( v.0 . ) the hour of sacrifice be upon we . offer up the princess andromeda to leviathan . int . the basilica - royal chamber - night a go sound once in the night . repheus sleep fitfully on a divan by the bed of the desiccate cassiopeia . int . andromeda's chamber - night the go sound again . close on andromeda 's torture face stare down at the city -- too close to see exactly where she be . ext . the basilica - back gate - night the go sound a third time . peshet open a lock and set the heavy gate ajar . she look at the dagger in she palm and hurry inside . after a moment , four cloak rebel slip through the open gate . 104 . int . andromeda's chamber .- night L peshet enter , dagger hold at she back . no sign of andromeda . peshet my lady ? princess andromeda ? she go deeper into the room , then gasp , look off , alarm -- andromeda stand on the balustrade of she balcony , prepare to jump to she death . she turn at the sound , teeter . peshet rush to she but stop when andromeda raise a knife of she own . peshet be shocked , not afraid . andromeda peshet , stop ! I know what I be mean to do . peshet my lady , please -- andromeda I be afraid , peshet . afraid to understand that the fate of so many could rest with I . peshet princessa , give I you hand . andromeda , please . please . andromeda ( look at the drop ) I be not afraid anymore . I will do what I must . I will die so that they may live . R she turn , but peshet leap and grab she , pull she to safety . they fall to the floor , both dagger clatter on the marble . peshet I will not allow it , my lady . today , you be only a princess . one day you people may need a Queen ready to die for they . peshet snatch up the dagger from where she drop it . peshet C come , we have to hide you ... right now . ( continued ) 105 . continued : she stop , pick up andromeda 's knife and hand it to 's she . andromeda accept it with resolve . peshet good . ext . corridor outside andromeda's chamber - night peshet lead andromeda out . andromeda we must get to my mother and father . a voice from the darkness : agenor ( o.s. ) you father be dead and you mother have be relieved of she suffer . the four cloak rebel step into the light . agenor wipe he bloody dagger on he cloak as all four advance . agenor the princessa be come with we . she have a rendezvous to keep . peshet whip her dagger through the air ; it thud into the neck of the first rebel , kill he on he foot . before he can fall , peshet leap to he and pull out she knife . she plant herself in front of andromeda . peshet come and get she . agenor and the other two circle peshet . she move with feline agility , but be separate from the princess . to the second rebel -- agenor take the princess -- alive ! the second rebel circle around peshet toward andromeda . peshet run , princess ! save yourself . peshet leap on the third rebel . andromeda run away from the second rebel , who easily close the gap . ( continued ) 106 . continued : second rebel you be not go anywhere , you highness . he grab she in a bear hug from behind . she spin , tiny within he massive arm , and be suddenly face he . he jolt in surprise , andromeda 's knife in he belly . he fall on she , dead . peshet win she struggle with the third rebel , sink she dagger in he . she gasp . agenor have thrust he blade into she rib . she totter and cough -- deep and bloody . peshet fall against the wall . andromeda wail at the sight . she be pin beneath the dead weight of the second rebel , unable to move . agenor finish off peshet and turn to the princess . ext . wooded ridge - day the survivor -- perseus , vidalia , spyros , mongke , and tamburlane -- crest a hill in the rainy dawn light . vidalia be almost transparent . the expedition react in shock to what they see . from behind the group they be on a shelf above the wide , flat basin that lie outside joppa . a limitless inhuman army -- centaur , minotaurs , monster of every stripe -- fill the plain , right up to the city wall . ext . behind the wall of joppa - day among the regiment of joppan wait nervously for the battle be rank of fifteen - foot automata ( clockwork soldier ) . operator feverishly work the mechanism of the steel soldier , which flex they artificial limb and weigh they massive weapon . ext . wooded ridge - day mongke and tamburlane exchange word . for the first time , they look impressed -- but also delighted . this be what they live for . spyros look over at he adopt son . ( continued ) 107 . continued : spyros if it should come to pass , tell you mother and sister I love they much . perseus reach out and touch he foster father warmly . perseus you will have to tell they yourself . vidalia 's voice have become weaker . vidalia the people be frighten . but they can triumph .. they need only one thing . perseus turn to she , a question on he face -- " tell I ... 11 vidalia a hero . they be wait for you , perseus . perseus look back toward the city . at last , there be no uncertainty in perseus -- perseus I will not fail they . he turn toward the goddess , but vidalia be go . perseus vidalia ? ( realize , anguished ) no . it 's too late . she 's disappear . ext . cliff of joppa - day pelting rain . hundred of onlooker have gather . a iron winch sit on a granite platform on the cliff 's edge . fantasos and he cohort wait beside a huge bronze go . agenor bring andromeda barefoot through the mud . the onlooker jostle for a better view , some spiteful , some sad , all curious . L ( continued ) 108 . continued : agenor remove andromeda 's cloak , revealing she tatter nightgown . fantasos inspect the mysterious symbol ink on she naked back , streak by rain . agenor 's thug chain she to the winch at the precipice , hundred of foot above the raging sea . as the winch be cranke , the chain lift andromeda upside down from the ground . agenor pull andromeda close and flash a cruel grin . she spit in he eye . he wipe he eye and let go of the chain . andromeda's Pov as she rise : the cliff drop straight down the jag wall to the churn wave . back to scene fantasos ( incantation ) o leviathan , firstborn of the deep , accept this offer of mortal flesh ... for the exaltation of you cosmic mother . ext . ocean - day off the coast of joppa , a dark shape emerge from the squall -- tiamat 's enormous Palace - galleon . the goddess be at the prow , look toward the cliff of joppa expectantly . ext . cliff of joppa - day I as the huge go be struck -- CUT to : the face of the onlooker then ... go ! fantasos continue he incantation , then ... go ! andromeda 's face , she frighten eye search the ocean . everyone look out to sea , wait . 109 . ext . wooded ridge - day perseus , spyros , mongke , and tamburlane hear the far-off go , go , go . the mongol speak to perseus in they language , worried . spyros the sacrifice have begin . perseus I must get to the cliff ! spyros how ? they all look at what separate they from the city -- ext . battlefield - day the monster army of tiamat surge forward with savage battle cry . the gate of the CITY swing open . out march the giant mechanical automata , follow by stream legion of joppan infantry . the two army slam together -- the battle be join . they fight . ext . cliff of joppa - day go ! the wind rock andromeda on she creaking chain . she watch ... a mile offshore , a bulge of water swell and plow toward the coast . the onlooker watch in terrify awe as the swell race closer . leviathan explode from the surface , too huge to be see whole . it shoot straight up , up , up the three - hundred - foot cliff . the kraken 's jaw hurtle up at andromeda . onlooker recoil . fantasos stumble in panicked retreat . the creature 's bellow be deafen . at the apex of its surge , it snap its jaw shut with a booming thundercrack ... just millimeter from andromeda 's dangle head -- and fall back . churn surf surround its endless slide back down . 110 . andromeda's Pov the kraken slip underwater and its vast shadow immediately begin to circle wide for another attempt . ext . wooded ridge - day spyros , mongke and tamburlane mount they nervous horse . push in on perseus , who do not mount up . from he saddle , he take the bloody canvas bag with Medusa 's head inside and slap he horse away . be murmur the incantation vidalia plant in he mind . flash of what perseus sees a white lid open to a black eye ... feathered wing beat the air ... the ripple flank of a white creature . back to scene perseus hear the beat of the wing and look toward the forest . pegasus whooshes over the treetop , bank and land in front of perseus . it bow , invite perseus aboard . perseus climb on and ride up to the other , who be flabbergasted . perseus May we all have a good ride today ! he spur pegasus . it beat its wing , launching from the ridge with astounding power . mongke and tamburlane qi chin yang hang xian ! spyros no shit . they raise they weapon and spur they horse down the slope to war . ext . cliff of joppa - day click -clack-click-clack . the chain lower andromeda toward the sea . ( continued ) continued : andromeda manage to get herself swinging back and forth until she build enough momentum to reach up and grasp the link above she . with effort , she climb the very chain she dangle from , leave a slack loop beneath . leviathan 's eye break the surface below , watch andromeda . with a howl , leviathan hurtle upward , jaw wide . from above - andromeda leviathan grow huge as it leap for she . up , up , up . the jaw SNAP close ... just below she climb foot . so close , it bite on the drooping slack of chain ! the monster slide back down , clutching the chain in its jaw . the princessa plummet with it . up on the platform the chain unreel wildly , pull tight ... and rip the platform from its anchor . it careen over the edge , take fantasos , agenor and they thug to they scream death . a shadow glide over the shocked onlooker . one by one , they tear they gaze from the sea and look up , gasping at -- perseus and pegasus descend . perseus see andromeda splash down and get pull under . the winch platform slam into the cliff face , pull by leviathan . perseus ' diving Pov exactly the image he see when vidalia first plant the spell in he mind -- down , down toward the dark sea . back to scene perseus and pegasus arrive a moment before the crash winch . perseus dive off with the bloody Medusa bag in hand . with he free hand , he catch the chain just ahead of the winch and go under . 112 . ext . undersea - day leviathan hurtle downward . andromeda flail , bound to the chain . far above perseus grip both the chain and the bag in he hand . leviathan spiral on , but the winch catch on a reef and the chain snap ! andromeda , suddenly separate from the monster , sink , weight by she shackle . perseus , swim with the raw power of a porpoise , dive after she , but lose he grip on the bag . desperate , he look back and forth : andromeda , the sack -- both sink . perseus go after the sack . leviathan realize it have lose the princess . huge eye darting , it spot andromeda and surge down after she . andromeda , drown , pass out . tiny bubbles leak from she nose . leviathan swim down to she , eye as big as she entire body . the wreck of a sunken whaler rest on the ocean floor . the Medusa sack fall into view and catch on a harpoon wedge in the deck . perseus appear , snag the sack and be about to kick upward . on impulse , he grab the harpoon . leviathan open its huge jaw . andromeda be suck toward the maw . perseus swim upward toward leviathan 's tail . perseus concentrate -- a sparking burst of white ENERGY shoot through he forearm to the harpoon in he grip . lightning crackle and boil the water . he plunge the harpoon in the kraken 's tail -- -- at the same moment leviathan inhale the unconscious andromeda . contact -- a electric flash - point flare and a charge race up leviathan 's spine . jolted , the monster spit andromeda out . the kraken twist to lock its enraged gaze on perseus . perseus shut he eye and yank Medusa 's head from the sack . Medusa 's hellish eye ignite channel of boil energy into leviathan 's enormous eyeball -- harden they to boil egg , then rocky sphere . ( continued ) 113. continued : the monster thrashes , try to turn -- but unbend stone race its length , freezing the gargantuan curve -- the scute tail lock mid-flail into a final , permanent hook . Dead in the water , the grotesque mass sink like a mountain range , pick up speed as it plunge into the abyss -- perseus must swim like a God to snatch andromeda from the downward tug . the stone kraken barely miss they as it drop -- -- and crash in a cloud of silt , shaking the ocean floor like a earthquake . a crack open in the seab and suck back the silt . the trench deepen and streak away across the seab , swallow all the water above it , create a giant open to the sky . ext . tiamat' palace -galleon ( ocean ) - prow - day tiamat 's face contort , sense she beloved leviathan be dead . she turn at the sound of ghastly creaking -- the immense length of the galleon buckle into a hole in the ocean . as the tower mast drop below wave - level , tiamat raise she arm to the sky -- tiamat I damn you , Zeus ! you will hear my curse forever in the crash of surf -- wall of water collapse , bury the goddess , she ship , and she malediction deep in she realm . we hear a world - rock roar , which boom off toward -- ext . battlefield - day tiamat 's monster Army be deafened by the boom , lose all spirit with the unmistakable certainty that they goddess be go . the tide turn in the battle as the joppan and they steel ally , the automata , wade into the rank of creature . mongke and tamburlane , in the center of the battle , find the opposition turn tail . they roar and lift they weapon high , survive yet another fight . spyros , bloody but unbow , smile wide and sit down in the mud , exhaust . 114 . ext . ocean surface - day the water still . the sea calm . no sign of perseus or andromeda . wind and quiet ... choom ! perseus surface with andromeda in he arm , gasping for AIR . ext . cliff of joppa - day the onlooker rejoice . ext . ocean surface - day back with perseus and andromeda . he look at she lifeless countenance in agony -- have he fail again as he do with anteros the fisherman ?? distraught , he muscle go taut around andromeda , and a short powerful burst of electric energy shoot from he arm into she still body -- she jolt to life ! Movement ! breath ! Color return to she face . perseus , too , breathes again , relieved . for the first time since the start of the adventure , they find themselves alone , hold each other . perseus hello . ( as she smile , relieved ) be you all right ? she take a moment , do a inventory . finally , she nod . andromeda I think I be . he smile . she will never know how close they come to oblivion . andromeda be you ready to become a king ? his expression be kind , but unmistakable . " no . " she accept that , rueful . perseus be you ready to become a queen ? ( continued ) 115 . continued : she think about it , she face beginning to light with confidence . andromeda yes . yes , I be . perseus then you be ready to go home . perseus raise one arm . the - AIR reverberate to a loud beat of wing . andromeda look up in wonder . pegasus appear out of the sun 's glare , gracefully alight on the water . perseus help andromeda up and then climb on behind she . pegasus take off . tilt up with they until they be lose from sight . dissolve to : ext . blue sky and white cloud - day Black smoke rise to dirty the perfect sky . tilt down to : ext . sacred ground - day the Sacred Ground of joppa in the verdant hill , above the sea , be so beautiful it might be mistaken for olympos . two funeral pyre burn . the citizen of joppa , by the thousand , commend King kepheus and Queen cassiopeia to the afterlife . moving over the crowd , we push through the flame to find the new ruler of joppa . mournful , but cloak in regal dignity and strength -- queen andromeda . CUT to : a distant Pov of the queen the ceremony and the heavenly set . perseus perseus view the scene from a nearby hill . behind he , pegasus wait patiently , graze the grass . until -- ( continued ) 116 . continued : -- the equine suddenly whinnie and rear up . just as quickly , pegasus go silent and bow down . perseus look in that direction , to find -- zeus the Prime , God of god , a eagle perch on he arm . he could not look more impose . zeus be I to understand you do not intend to make this union with the Queen andromeda ? perseus yes . zeus despite my will and intention that you do so ? perseus yes . zeus would you choose to condemn Men , you own people , to suffer more of this devastating War ? perseus I have no people . you have strand I between realm , neither man nor God . zeus ( sternly ) do you reproach Zeus ? perseus no. I thank you ... Father . Zeus , mighty God , react to the word . his expression soften and he look on perseus with grow pride . perseus you have freed I . I will not be a pawn for Men or god . zeus do that absolve you suddenly of you responsibility ? perseus you have make I understand that my responsibility be to myself . so it be with we all . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : perseus ( intimately ) you have put I to a great test . in the midst of it , I find the courage in my heart to defy god . I do not know how much of that come from you , Father ... and how much from my mother , who I never know . Zeus start , subtly , at the mention of Queen danae . perseus it matter not . whatever the source , I be only grateful . he look off toward the funeral pyre and the human throng . perseus this war will end the moment you choose for it to end ... and Men agree . I think , perhaps , that be the free will that all realm share . Zeus look at he , proud , yet wistful -- what a offspring , what a creation ! zeus what will you do , man of free will ? perseus motion pegasus forward , and swing up onto he back . perseus I be go to find vidalia . zeus so ... my Son , you will be a pawn for love ? perseus ( laugh ) yes , Father , gladly . perseus spur pegasus and launch into the sky . and soar away . fade out . the end