entre les mur ( the class ) written by Laurent cantet , Robin campillo and frangois bégaudeau base on the novel " entre les mur " by frangois bégaudeau publish by verticale , 2006 directed par Laurent cantet develop with the back of the Centre National de la cinématographie , the procirep and the european Union 's media programme int . cafe — day the first morning of the new school year . in a Paris café , lean on the bar , francois , 35 or so , peacefully sip coffee . in the background , we can vaguely make out a conversation about the result of the presidential election . frangois look at he watch and seem to take a deep breath as if step onto a stage . ext . STREET - day frangois come out of the café . across the street , we discover a large building whose slightly outdated fagade be not particularly welcoming . he walk over to the impose entrance that bear the shield of the City of Paris in wringht iron and beneath which we read '' jaure middle school '' . on the opposite sidewalk , come from the other end of the street , a small group of teacher hurry towards the entrance . frangois hear they joke . vincent he 's a really great guy , not the back - slapping type but ... frangois greet they in pass . int . corridor - school - day we discover the school 's desert corridor . through the doorway of a classroom , frangois see a few cleaner who , in a very calm atmosphere , clean the table and line they up neatly , wash the window .. a short distance further on , a man in overall apply one last coat of paint to a administrative notice board . int . meeting room - day around the principal in the meeting room , the teacher , old or new , introduce themselves briefly , as in a casting session . herve hello , everybody , I be hervé . I have be at the school three year now . I teach sport . I have like to welcome all we new colleague . the student can be tough but they be good kid . there you go . olivier hello , everybody , I be olivier . I teach physical science and I have be here for 4 year . patrick I be Patrick and I teach multiplication table , and occasionally mathematics ! I have be at this school for a number of year . anne hello , I be Anne . I use to work in the lyon suburb , in bron to be precise , and I teach English . I be look for my new colleague . hello ... isabelle hello , I be isabelle ... anne please to meet you . hello ... christiane I be Christiane ... frederic I be frédéric , I teach history and geography and I use to work out in the suburb of Paris , in aulnay - sous - bois if anyone know it . I be happy to be in the city now . julie hello , I be Julie , the year supervisor . I would like to welcome you all and wish you a good year . aline hello , I be aline , I be the cook and I would like to welcome you all . vincent thank you , aline . gille hello , everyone . I be gille , I have be teach mathematics for many year now . I be retire at the end of this year . I would like to wish the new arrival plenty of courage . francois I be frangois . I teach french and I be start my fourth year here . welcome , everybody . then the principal hand out the timetable , elicite a few sigh of satisfaction or disappointment . int . staff room - day in the staff room , a new arrival listen to the succinct comment of a older member of staff , olivier , on the different student in a second - year class as he run through a list . olivier Nice , nice , not nice , not nice at all ... he 's nice , not nice , watch he , not nice at all , nice , not nice , she 's not nice at all . int . CLASS —- day the child noisily enter the glass as frangois look on . the student take they place in general confusion , the girl on one side , the boy on the other . they show each other they new gear : pencil case , brand - name exercise book .. frangois , clearly use to this kind of agitation , raise he voice . francois all right , all right , all right ! hey , hey , hey ! calm down now ! stop stir thing up there and remove you hood , please . you two back there , there 's a place here . one of you come up front . thing start to calm down . francois right , let 's get one thing clear from the word go .. hey ! I want to get this clear from the start . we waste five minute lining up outside , five come up , five settling down : fifteen minute out of a hour . do you realize what fifteen lose minute mean ? with twenty - five hour a week and thirty week in the year , we lose thousand of minute . in other school , they do a full hour . imagine how far ahead they get in a year . figure it out ! khoumba , a girl with long hair in the style of diana Ross , speak up without raise she hand first . khoumba we never do a hour ! francois put you hand up to speak . what be it ? khoumba we never do a hour . you always say that . francois what do you mean , '' we never do a hour '' ? khoumba teacher say we do a hour 's class but we never do . francois yes . khoumba we never do a hour 's class . we start at 8.30 and finish at 9.25 . that do not make a hour . francois all right , it 's fifty - five minute . thanks , that 's a important point . khoumba but we never do a hour . stop say other school do a hour . they do not either . francois all right , all I be say be that we waste time . like right now . to start with , take out a sheet of paper , fold it in two so that it can stand on the edge of you desk clearly and , use block capital , write you full name on it . while boubacar sluggishly obey , wey , in the front row , translate the instruction into chinese for he neighbor and show she how to do it . a few row behind they , esmeralda , khoumba 's friend and neighbor , butt in . esmeralda why do we have to write we name ? francois so I can get to know who you be . esmeralda but you know we ! louise we have you last year . francois esmeralda , I do not know if you have notice , but half of the kid here be new . so it can help . be happy . this way , people will know you name . esmeralda I be not do it . francois cut it out . esmeralda I will not if you do not . francois ah , you have a point . for that of you who do not know I , I be Mr. Marin . esmeralda Ms. Marin . boubacar hey , be you a marine ? souleymane he wipe you out , that 's wick . francois very funny . boubacar he do not wipe you out , he bust you . francois come on , it should not take so long . you should be a lot quick . five minute to write a name . that 's ridiculous ! int . staff room - day sophie , in pass , offer a biscuit to rachel and frangois who be sit nearby . sophie a biscuit for the first day ? francois I be okay , thanks . anne I would not mind one . sophie Rachel , a biscuit will buck you up . rachel thanks . int . CLASS —- day on the board , frangois write the word that the student have not understand in the text that they be study . a slightly affect student raise he hand . francois all right ... " witty " . that 's a word we will try to explain later . be there any other word in the text that you do not understand ? burak . burak the word " condescension " . frangois note the word on the board , just under other more or less complicated word . he turn to the class . francois the word " condescension " , yes , that 's a complicated word . do you have any idea , burak , what that might mean ? any idea at all ? burak a vague idea but I be not sure . francois you be not sure ? all right , we will talk about that later then . yes , damien ? damien " argentite " . francois argentite . what do that mean ? damien it 's people who live in Argentina . francois right , exactly , the inhabitant of Argentina . esmeralda wow , what a moron ! wick ! francois argentite and argentitess .. no , of course not . damien , who life in Argentina ? damien the argentite . francois no , you know that 's not right , you watch soccer on tv . Argentina 's player be call ... damien footballer . souleymane oh , what a big kid ! a discreet - look student raise she hand . francois let 's move on . any other difficult word in this text ? henriette ? be there anything that you do not understand ? I imagine there be . henriette '' henceforth '' . francois " henceforth " . thanks for the prompt , samantha . all right ! I think that will do . let 's take a look at this word . all right . " austrian " .. wey be the one who pick the word " austrian " . yes , esmeralda . esmeralda I mean , we all know what " austrian " be . people from Austria . francois okay , but wey do not know and , well , austrian be not really ... esmeralda maybe , but he 's the only one , everyone else know ! francois okay , we get the message . you do not know " misleading " , so you be not really in any position to talk about all that . we agree on that ? esmeralda yes , but everyone know what " austrian " mean ! it 's easy . francois look here , nobody 's perfect . besides , " austrian " be not a very important word . it refer to someone from the land of Austria , which be a pretty tiny country . we can live without the word . for example , can anyone name a famous austrian ? not one hand be raise . boubacar mozart . '' wolfang '' amadeus mozart . francois what do you call he ? boubacar '' wolfang '' amadeus mozart . francois he could have be " wolfang " maybe if he be English , not austrian . mozart be austrian , yes , but do you know any other famous austrian ? so , basically , Austria could vanish from the map and no one would notice . but , seriously , it 's a country south of Germany . so check a map , wey . you will see where it be . souleymane , can you note the word too , like everyone else ? frangois 's blatant insincerity inspire a few collusive smile in the class . wey be delighted to have understand that he teacher be joke . souleymane I forget my thing . francois and no one can lend you some paper so you can do it ? souleymane no , it 's okay , I will do it at home . francois you will do it at home . sure you will . that 's you approach . not a stroke of work in class and everything do at home . souleymane I be serious . do not worry , it 'il be okay , it 'il be okay ... thanks . souleymane , convinced that he have have the last word , seem fairly pleased with himself . frangois turn to the list of word on the board again . francois all right , let 's move on to " succulent " . " succulent " be a word that we will try to guess the meaning of . what 's in " succulent " ? suck ... boubacar suck off ! esmeralda jerk . francois very funny , boubacar . very witty indeed . souleymane he should be send out for that , sir . francois I will give you a sentence with " succulent " . Bill enjoy a succulent cheeseburger . on either side of the word on the board , he write a sentence : '' Bill enjoy a succulent cheeseburger . '' and he underline the word '' succulent '' . a voice speak out behind he . cherif cheeseburger be crap , they stink . francois who say that ? 10 . rabah cheeseburger be the best . cherif I say it . why a cheeseburger ? francois well , since you say they stink , that mean you think cheeseburger be not succulent . cherif I do not care , but cheeseburger be crap . francois all right , but what I mean be , what I just say about cheeseburger should have make the penny drop . that who know become more and more impatient . angelica Sir , sir , what do that mean ? francois what do what mean ? angelica the penny thing ... francois " to make the penny drop . " that should make the penny drop . no one know the expression ? student ( 0.s. ) a clue . francois that 's it . if the penny drop , it mean you be give a clue . when I say if cherif think cheeseburger stink , it mean he do not think they be succulent , that should help you see what " succulent " mean . khoumba what 's with the bill ? francois what bill ? khoumba not bill , the name Bill . 11 . esmeralda Bill and Ben . khoumba you always use weird name . why do not you use ... francois it 's not a weird name . a recent US President be call Bill , remember . khoumba why do not you use aissata or rachid or Ahmed or ... esmeralda you always use whitey name . it 's wick . francois what name ? esmeralda honky name . francois what 's a honky ? esmeralda honkie , frenchy , frog . frangois seem a little put out , as if he have be try to avoid this kind of discussion . francois you be not french , esmeralda ? esmeralda no , I be not french . francois really ? I do not know . esmeralda well , I be french , but I be not proud of it . francois Fine , I be not either , actually . esmeralda wipe he out ! 12 . francois neither be I , in fact , I be not proud to be french either . khoumba why do you use this name then ? francois khoumba , if I start choose name to suit you different ethnic origin , it will never end . khoumba & esmeralda but change they a bit .. student ( 0.s. ) yeah , Bill , Ben , Bob .. khoumba & esmeralda Change they a bit . francois so what do you suggest ? khoumba & esmeralda er , aissata ... student ( 0.s. ) mamadou , bintou ... khoumba & esmeralda fatou . no , aissata . aissata ! int . staff room - day in the depth of he locker , frangois find a mandarin orange that seem to have be there for some time . frédéric come to sit down next to frangois , a coffee in he hand . frederic Excuse I . do you have class 4 / 3 in french ? francois yes , I be the class supervisor too . frederic do you already know what book you will be read ? 13. francois no , I have not decide yet . frederic because in history , I will be start with the ancien régime . if you want to link into that , what kind of book be there ? francois well , there 's the enlightenment but that 's tough for they in they year . frederic how about voltaire ? be he tough ? francois well , he 's not easy . frederic I do not know . " candide " be a easy read ... francois not in they year . frederic '' Zadig " .. francois yes , maybe , but it have be tough . int . CLASS —- day frangois have bag under he eye and seem to be have a bad day . behind he , on the board , a verb be conjugate in the imperfect tense . the verb ending have be underline . the whole class , silent , work on a exercise . frangois seem to be mile away . his weary gaze sweep over the class . all of a sudden , he speak . francois okay , in 20 second , we correct it . boubacar no , sir , please ! we have not finish . with some sweeping gesture , dalla ask rabah , in the opposite row , for the time . rabah start to reply with equally exaggerated gesture . frangois seem to snap out of he daze and answer curtly . 14 . francois we can not spend two hour on the imperfect . dalla , you can ask I for the time if you want . with a involuntary wink , she signal to nassim whose pen have leak over he jacket . frangois , on discover the scene , raise he eye to the heaven in exasperation . nassim Sir , this crap pen keep leak ! it 's get on my nerve . francois who have a handkerchief for .. rabah take a tissue out of he pocket and stand to take it to nassim . rabah me! francois rabah , rabah ... ask before you stand , okay . rabah sit back down . rabah May I ? in pass , rabah trip over he neighbor 's bag and stop himself from fall by grab juliette 's shoulder , sprawling over she exaggeratedly . she push he away roughly . francois yes . gently , okay . boubacar the perv ! he touch she tit ! the perv ! francois come on , just give he the handkerchief ! boubacar , spare we you comment . souleymane ( 0.s. ) goddam pedophile ! you big kid ! esmeralda Sir , sir . francois okay , okay ... quiet ! 15 . souleymane ( 0.s. ) you be not get a chick or what ? you need to press up against chick , rabah ! francois hey , take it easy ! only esmeralda do not burst out laugh . she seem bother by something . as she think , she end up ask she question . francois ( to esmeralda ) yes ... esmeralda Sir , why do they say the imperfect indicative ? souleymane ( 0.s. ) if you want chick , let I know , I ’11l give you contact . frangois seem happy that esmeralda be so motivate . he speak to she with gentleness . francois quiet , souleymane ! all right , esmeralda , why the indicative ? she raise she eye to the heaven . esmeralda you be push it ! if I know , I would not ask ! francois I can imagine . how about the other ? do anyone know why we specify the imperfect indicative ? why not just the imperfect ? nassim . nassim do you mind if I go wash my hand because ... francois go on , wash they and get it over with . student ( 0.s. ) he 's gonna visit the corridor . francois make it quick ! 16 . student ( 0.s. ) he will be back in a week ! I be go with he ! francois all right , enough ! if we talk specifically about the imperfect indicative , that mean it 's different than another imperfect . which imperfect be that ? agam ? agam answer calmly . agam the imperfect subjunctive . francois exactly . the imperfect subjunctive . can anyone give I a example of the imperfect subjunctive ? I do not believe it , khoumba , go on . khoumba hold on , I may be wrong ... frangois give she a encourage smile . francois yes , I think so too . khoumba I be . francois I be . of course , from the verb " to werr " ? khoumba no , I be .. I do not know . esmeralda I wuz . khoumba no , I be , you be , you be , they be ... francois all right . that 's not bad but you use it wrongly . you vaguely recall the imperfect subjunctive . imagine I say : " he insist that I be " - let 's say - " in shape . " what be " be " in that example ? Eva ? 17 . eva the present subjunctive . francois very good . for the imperfect subjunctive , we follow the sequence of tense and use a past : " he insisted ... " boubacar he insisted ... he insisted that I be . francois " he insisted that I ... " khoumba ? khoumba be . francois be , yes ! esmeralda you really think I will tell my mom . " he insisted that I be would be in shape ? " and that she will understand ? francois not " I be would be " . learn to use it before you start complain . esmeralda he insisted that I be would be in shape . francois " that I be in shape " . use the sequence of tense . esmeralda but no one say that in real life , it 's true , it 's true ! khoumba I be right ! " I be " ! francois all right , will you let I answer the question that you ask I ? if you care . esmeralda yes , you may . 18 . francois the first thing I notice be , before master something , the imperfect subjunctive , you be already tell I it 's no use . start by master it , then you can call its use into question . esmeralda Sir , why be you criticize we ? francois what ? angelica they be right , it 's not the way people talk now , that 's the way they talk in the old day . even my gran do not say that . boubacar or you great granddad . it 's from the Middle Ages ! francois no , it 's not from the Middle Ages and for starter boubacar it be ! esmeralda of course it be ! khoumba it 's bourgeois . angelica tell I , when be the last time you hear someone talk like that ? when be the last time you hear someone talk like that ? francois yesterday , with friend , we use the imperfect subjunctive ... ( he be briefly interrupt by jeer ) all right , all right .. can I reply ? boubacar yep ! 19 . francois I be ready to talk this over , but calmly . all right , it 's true not everyone talk that way . in fact , people who do be pretty rare , I will grant you that . I would even say only snob use the imperfect subjunctive . angelica what 's a snob ? francois snob be slightly affect , slightly precious people who tend to put on air . he make a precious gesture with he wrist . a student 's voice rise up from the back of the class , convinced that he have find the answer . boubacar homosexual ? this remark make frangois smile . francois no , not homosexual . you can be affect and refine without be homosexual , boubacar . in any case , what I see be that this register may seem formal and a bit affect and even bourgeois . but the important fact be this different register exist as I keep tell you , and as I shall carry on tell you , I think . you need to be able to use they all : familiar , current , formal , oral and write move between they and use they all . yes , lucie ? lucie how do we know what 's for write and what 's for oral ? francois why be a word more for one register than the other ? normally , that 's something that you pick up as you go along . you need to use intuition . damien what 's intuition ? 20 . francois intuition be when you can not use think . when you can not really ... it 's not know but more like sense something . that 's it . intuition be when you sense thing . damien what if you do not sense they ? francois if you do not sense they , well ... you gain intuition by use the language . that 's when you learn to distinguish almost automatically between oral and write style . boubacar Sir , souleymane want to say something . souleymane shut you mouth ! shut it ! francois what do souleymane want to say ? boubacar but ... please ... okay ... say it ! francois what be it ? what ? calm down ! boubacar if he say it , you will tell . francois cut it out ! no fight ! souleymane I will whop you ! boubacar go ahead , bro , just quit play the tough guy ! frangois be surprised to see souleymane , who have be talk with he neighbor for the last few minute , with he hand raise . francois souleymane , what 's wrong ? souleymane I 'il whop you one ! 21 . francois boubacar , turn round . boubacar , turn round . what be it , souleymane ? souleymane nothing . boubacar , who seem to know what he friend 's question be , take over from he . boubacar say it , bro . francois apparently something be up . boubacar do not send he to the principal if he say it . souleymane if I tell you , I be good for Guantanamo ! frangois take a obvious pleasure in push souleymane who , himself , be have fun upping the stake . francois no , no . student ( as one ) Guantanamo , Guantanamo , Guantanamo ! souleymane forget it , I will be tase . francois no , you will not be " tase " , as you put it . souleymane no , no , no . francois what be it ? you have a question ? souleymane yep . francois so ask it . souleymane it 's too wick . it 's too wick ! 22. francois no , it 's not too wick . souleymane but it 's the pit for you . francois look , now we have come to this , just ask it ! souleymane I have you word ? francois hurry it up ! souleymane I do not know .. this be what I hear , okay ? I do not say it but I hear ... people say you like man . I do not say it ! francois who say that ? souleymane well , just people , see .. francois really ? souleymane they say Mr. Marin like man and all that . different reaction in the class . we hear laughter and cry of surprise . frangois smile as if he have be expect this question sooner or later . francois okay . so other say that , not you ? souleymane no ... francois no , you be not interested ? souleymane squirm on he chair , smile awkwardly . souleymane no , I do not give a damn . francois so why ask the question then ? 23. souleymane it 's for the other . I be a spokesman . francois but the question do not interest you at all ? souleymane I do not give a damn . if you like man , fine . francois exactly ! unwill to back down now that he have come this far and perhaps bask in the prestige that he be acquire with the rest of the class , souleymane insist : souleymane so be it true or not ? francois so you be ask I ! souleymane homosexual be not a insult , sir . it be not a insult . francois you say it be not but it seem to be a problem for you . you find it odd , man like other man . souleymane maybe it be , I do not know . but be it true or not ? francois no , it 's not . feel better now ? souleymane yeah ? sure . francois sorry to disappoint you . that 's how it be . souleymane simply pout dubiously . esmeralda wipe he out big time ! 24 . francois all right , if souleymane do not mind , now he 's settle he hang - up , let 's get back to the imperfect indicative . ext . schoolyard - day from a high angle , we see the student horsing around during the break . souleymane be take photo with he cell phone . souleymane Change the pose , change the pose ! yeah , like that ! not bad . go on , move . hey , what be you do ? khoumba cut it out , please ! souleymane what 's up ? who ask you ? look at you mug ! khoumba hey , give I a break , it 's fuck okay ! take this jerk , then we will see . souleymane go on , show I you back . yeah , one more , go on . esmeralda wow , that 's a classy display . souleymane you bet ! khoumba get one for I ? souleymane you can not afford it . khoumba how much be it ? souleymane too much . khoumba stop think I be break like you . 25 . int . CLASS —- day Justine come up to the board , look a little worried . her classmate stare at she as if she be climb the gallow . she hesitates for a second but then pick up the chalk and take the plunge . she start decline a verb , make a mess of it , then hurriedly erase the word that she have just write . the suspense be perceptible . Justine end up turn to frangois . angelica hold on , that 's not it . khoumba she screw up there . she think it 's a regular verb . angelica no , the verb 's " swim " . swim . francois quiet ! angelica I swim . louise Justine ... swumm ! francois Justine , work it out yourself . boubacar swam ! khoumba swumm . that 's better , it mix the two ! boubacar it 's swam , it 's swam ! angelica that 's not it ! boubacar it be ! rachel she put swemm . student shut up ! swam be ... 26 . boubacar try swomm ! francois all right , thank you , you can sit down . souleymane you big kid ! swomm ! francois let 's see ... rabah she can not write ! francois she can not write ? can you , rabah ? rabah you bet ! francois go on then . conjugate it properly . correct she . rabah first , swim . francois no , carry on . cut it out , the rest of you ! rabah swam . francois wrong again . souleymane he suck . rabah just kid . that 's not what it be . it 's not like that . francois so what be it ? rabah s.w.. without a " I " . 27 . francois right , no " I " . why make fun of Justine , when you can not do any better than she can ? rabah I can . francois at least Justine get off to a good start ... ( to the rest of the class ) that 's enough now ! esmeralda what 's up , sir ? francois can I explain something to you ? rabah it 's swam . francois what I be see here , be that you can not focus for more than 20 second , like 3 - year - old . people age 13 , 14 or 15 like you be suppose to be .. if I ask a question , they should answer fast and then we waste no more time . khoumba you kid around go too far ! francois not at all , I do not think I go too far . khoumba everyone think you go too far . sorry but ... esmeralda I think so too ! francois just a second , khoumba . everyone think so or only you think so ? esmeralda no , everyone ! francois speak for yourself for once . 28 . khoumba everyone think so and I think you push it too , I mean , what be this ? francois I be ready to cut you some slack and leave you right where you be ... esmeralda teach be spitting hate ! francois «but you will never get anywhere ! khoumba that 's no reason to push it too far ! that 's no reason to push it too far ! francois it be . that 's exactly why , the reason I just give you . int . staff room - day Vincent burst into the staff room that be particularly calm today . he sit down and start to complain . vincent I be sick of this clown ! sick of they ! I can not take any more ! they be nothing , they know nothing , they look right through you when you try to teach they . they can stay in they shit ! I be not go to help they . they be so basic , so insincere , always look for trouble . go ahead , guy . stay in you crap neighborhood . you will be here all you life and it serve you damn well right ! I will see the principal and tell he I be not work with 3 / 2 again . no more technology for the rest of the year . too bad . it 's be three month now and they have not do a single thing ! have you see they in the yard ? it 's like they be in heat ! they be all over each other like animal . it 's crazy ! it 's the same in class . Kevin spend a whole hour go ... " duh , duh , duh . " I have never see the like of it in 5 year . enough ! no more . we be not animal . sorry , I be . it 's dumb . herve come on . let 's get some air . 29 . int . CLASS —- day it 's cold outside . the student , in they winter clothing , seem very excitable . on they desk , we see '' the Diary of Anne Frank '' . some of they read the first few page of it amid the general hubbub . francois one extract be not a lot to read for today . no one do it ? we be waste a crazy amount of time here . okay , let 's read it or reread it then . who want to read ? great .. excellent work atmosphere today ! khoumba , go on . khoumba I '' not read ! francois what do you mean , you be not read ? khoumba I do not want to read . francois so the class revolve around you desire now ? khoumba I do not want to read ! francois I do not care if you do not want to read ! khoumba 's sole reply be a sneering sound that immediately annoys frangois . he address the other twenty - four student as witness . francois what do khoumba just do ? wey ? wey sneer. francois no , I mean she attitude . what do she show ? they all think hard . boubacar insolence . 30 . francois yes , that 's right , you be a expert . khoumba you be stand there , all angrulo with I ! what be this ? francois I be not , that 's not true . and try say it in french . what be I ? khoumba '' angrulo " . francois say it in everyday french , please . khoumba you be wire at I . francois that 's normal french ? khoumba you have get it in for I ! frangois be clearly spoil for a fight and do not want to leave it at this . francois not at all , I just want you to read . and I think I have the right to ask you to read , do not I ? khoumba no . francois you do not think so ? khoumba no . no one have read it and you be pick on I ! what be this ? francois not at all , I be not pick on you . I want to work and I have choose you ... khoumba yeah , sure , give I a break . francois and I have the right to as you french teacher . 31 . khoumba just drop it , I say ! Drop it ! francois shut up now ! we be listen ! khoumba yeah , sure ! no way , I be not read . you tell I to shut up , then to read . what be this ? francois what 's what ? khoumba make you mind up ! think it through ! frangois have hear enough . francois all right , you can come see I after class and we will talk it over . it will not be fun . khoumba yeah , great ! francois you will not say that later . all right , esmeralda , be you on strike too or can you read for we ? esmeralda it 's she life . I do not give a damn . francois very good . in that case , will you read for we ? esmeralda I would be delighted to ! francois all right , esmeralda , we be listen . while esmeralda read the extract , the other student listen more or less attentively . khoumba , on the other hand , seem as furious as before . esmeralda " dear Kitty , I be know as a bundle of contradiction . as I have tell you several time , my soul be split in two . ( more ) 32 . esmeralda ( cont 'd ) on one side , my exuberant cheerfulness , my mock approach to everything , my joy in life and my ability to take thing lightly . by that , I mean not see any wrong in flirt , give a kiss , embrace someone , or tell a tasteless joke . that side lie in wait , push back the other side which be more beautiful , purer and deeper . the truth be that no one know Anne 's better side and that 's why most people can not stand I . I can be a amusing clown for a afternoon , but then everyone have have enough of I . so the nice Anne have never once be see in company . but , in she loneliness , she always triumph . my best to you . Anne Frank . Anne 's diary end here . " francois Anne Frank 's diary end here . why ? because the police turn up at the room where Anne Frank 's family be hide and deport they all . Anne Frank die shortly after . that 's what I ask earlier and what we have talk about several time already . when I read this , I learn about Anne Frank because she talk about herself and so I get to know she . when I ask you to write you own self - portrait , I will expect the same . in other word , to learn thing through you feeling . you can also talk about fact that will allow I to know you better . yes , lucie ? lucie what we write will not be as grip as ... as what Anne Frank write . we life be not as grip . francois all right ... juliette ? juliette well , someone age 70 could talk about they life , but we have nothing to tell at 13 . francois I do not know , at 14 , 15 or even 13 , you have have experience . 33 . juliette less than a man or a woman age 70 . they have live a lot more , they be nearly through ... student ( 0.s. ) they have more to pass on . francois it 's funny . basically , you do not think you life be interesting . angelica I do not know , sir . what do we do ? we just come to school , go home , eat and sleep . francois really ? you come to school , eat , sleep . Fine . okay , so the bare fact of you life be dull . but what you feel , angelica , that 's what 's interesting . angelica but that 's my business . francois yes , maybe , but I be interested . angelica yes , but you be different . francois why be I different ? I perfectly normal . angelica because you be a teacher , that 's why . francois but this be not the teacher talk . esmeralda it 's you job . francois you could say it 's the human be . angelica okay , but well ... I think you be only say that to get we to talk and stuff but it 's not true . francois really ? what be not true ? 34 . angelica the fact that you be interested in know all that . francois so you think I be lie , that I be not interested in you at all and that I be push at this to convince you it 's interesting ? angelica no , it 's not that but it 's not as interesting as you say . francois maybe I be exaggerate a little . it 's only natural since you do not agree with I . but , deep down , I be totally sincere . why be it such a problem for you to talk about you life ? boubacar ? boubacar well , there 's stuff .. there 's private stuff . francois yes , of course . what could be hard to say about you private life ? burak ? burak well , we may be ashamed to say certain thing . francois yes , it have to do with shame . there be thing you find it hard to say and even harder to write maybe . burak well , yes . francois and ... in you life , you personal life , when be you ashamed ? boubacar you can be ashamed of a pal 's mom . francois ashame of a pal 's mom . why ? because you find she ugly ? 35 . boubacar no , it 's not that . for instance , rabah 's mom . she offer I lunch at he place but I refuse because I be ashamed . francois you be ashamed to eat with rabah 's mother ? boubacar yeah . francois because you think she 's unworthy of you ? boubacar no. francois I do not understand . tell I why , boubacar . boubacar I be ashamed to eat in front of she because I respect she . francois so , you never eat in front of people you respect ? boubacar no , it 's not that . I mean , she 's not my girlfriend ! francois so you can only eat in front of you girlfriend ? tell I why , boubacar . I be interested . boubacar I can not explain it . in any case , I be ashamed ... I always hang out with rabah , so I respect he mom . I do not eat in front of she , that 's all . francois so we will know now that if boubacar eat in front of we , it mean he do not respect we . boubacar no , it 's not that ! you can not understand . you can not understand . 36 . francois I can not understand , I be not smart enough ? boubacar no , it 's not that . you just can not understand . francois rabah . rabah the other week , I be at a party with nothing but camemberter . francois nothing but camemberter ? rabah yeah , like you . francois remind we what a camemberter be . rabah someone who stink of cheese . francois so you go to a party where everyone stank of cheese ? rabah they be all in suit and tie . I be in my baggy and get this weird look . francois and you be ashamed ? rabah yeah . because of the look . francois basically , they be embarrassed in front of you and so you feel embarrassed in front of they . rabah no , they be not embarrassed . they look at I like I be a e.t . francois I see . boubacar ( 0.s. ) but you be a e.t.! 37 . rabah '' why 's that arab here ? " francois okay , so it be a race thing or something ... rabah I do not know .. I do not know . but the snack be bacon-flavor . francois so ? be that ... rabah so I ... abstain . francois right . Bacon , ham . okay , I get it . wey ? wey Young people this day have no shame . francois Young people now ? wey yes . francois like you , for instance ? esmeralda gimme a break ! Drop you brief ! wey you see , they have no shame . it 's normal . always normal . francois be you like they , wey , or do you feel shame ? wey no , I be not like they . francois you feel shame from time to time ? wey yes , shame for they . 38 . esmeralda shut you mouth ! I will waste you ugly mug ! you should be ashamed , look the way you do . francois hey ! hey ! anyone can speak but you stay polite , okay . so , wey , why be you ashamed for they ? wey they have no shame . they yell , they hit each other . they make joke , bother other . no shame . francois but , wey , be not you confusing shame and discipline ? you find the other rowdy and impolite ? eva it can be shameful , sir . wey yeah . yeah , that can be shameful too . francois all right . louise you can be ashamed of you appearance . francois absolutely . you can be ashamed of you appearance . tell I , Louise , be you ever ashamed of something physical ? louise my ear . francois you ear ? boubacar ( 0.s. ) can we see they ? francois you be ashamed of you ear ? what 's wrong with they ? louise they stick out . 39 . francois you think they stick out . okay , well , I think that cover it all . you have all you need to figure it out . take out you exercise book . note the follow exercise for next Thursday . it 's very simple : " write you self - portrait . " remember a self - portrait be not a autobiography . I do not want you life story . describe yourself and you personality . we will read they in class and see how we can use they . do not forget . student ( 0.s. ) Goodbye , sir . francois Goodbye . hey , just a second , khoumba ! you know I want to see you . give I you report book . khoumba why ? khoumba toss the report book at he , which he do not appreciate . francois you know why . no , give it to I . politely . that 's enough now . put you photo on it someday . be it normal to refuse to read when a teacher ask you to ? be that normal ? khoumba there 's other in the class ! francois just because you be not the only one who screw up do not mean I can turn a blind eye to this . do it ? khoumba okay . francois what happen this summer ? what happen during the vacation ? khoumba I do not see you during the vacation . 40 . francois yes , I know you do not . that 's why this be a problem for I . at the end of the year in June , we would get on pretty well together . you participate in class . since September , since the start of this year , you be not cooperative , you keep sulk , you refuse to read , etc , etc ... what happen ? khoumba I just do not like read anymore . can you hurry , please ? francois no , I will not hurry ! explain . why have thing change all of a sudden ? khoumba I can not stay a kid forever . francois so it 's a kid thing to cooperate ? so that 's it . khoumba I do not like read anymore . francois sure . khoumba there 's other in the class . francois of course , when you work , it 's .. I will give it back when I have finish . okay ? khoumba but I be in a hurry , my mom 's wait for I . francois maybe , but I want a apology first . a apology for what you do . " I apologize for be insolent , sir . " khoumba sorry . okay ? francois no , not " sorry " . " I apologize for be insolent . " go ahead . 41 . khoumba I apologize for be insolent , sin ... francois no , " I apologize for be insolent . " but be sincere . I want a real apology . khoumba can you hurry up , please ? my mom 's wait . maybe you have plenty of time ... francois you mother can wait . she 's wait for you to apologize . this be the ideal moment . I want a sincere apology that ' 1l stand for the rest of the year . we will not go on like this . khoumba I apologize for be insolent to you . francois more conviction ! khoumba hey , come on .. I be not say it 50 time ! francois you two ! what be you up to ? esmeralda nothing . we be wait . francois sure , sure ... khoumba May i? francois hurry , I be listen ! khoumba I apologize for be insolent . May I go now , please ? thank you . esmeralda you joker ! francois cut it out ! khoumba have speak mechanically , with a total lack of conviction . 42 . frangois end up hand she report book back . she take it and skip over to the door . just as she be about to vanish off along the corridor , she turn to frangois and exclaim . khoumba I do not mean it . esmeralda you wipe he out big time ! Way too wick ! frangois leap up from he desk but it 's too late . the girl have already vanish off along the corridor , to the giggle of she friend . frangois kick a chair in annoyance . int . meeting room - night it 's night time . we be in the meeting room . the table have be set out in a U -shape . five or six teacher , a member of the school 's administration , parent 's representative , two student ( a boy and a girl from year four ) be present . principal two week ago , at the last meeting , the teacher suggest introduce a penalty point system for the student base on the drive license system . if student break a rule , they would lose point . as it 's the teacher ' idea , I will let they speak . stephane since last September , we have notice a increase in problem within the school . punishment have no effect on the student . so we have the idea of a penalty system . the student would have , for example , six point each and , depend on the misdeed , they would lose one or two point . parent 's rep # 1 and when they run out of point ? stephane when they get down to zero , they go before the disciplinary committee . parent 's rep # 2 as a parent ' representative , this be typical of the school 's bad habit . ( more ) 43 . parent 's rep # 2 ( cont 'd ) you always condemn the student but never praise they . sophie but they earn praise on they own . they do it with they grade , by move up a class and we do it in staff meeting by encourage they to work if they grade be below average . then there 's the honor roll , the congratulation ... that all count ! burakak mother in you system , you take away point for misdeed but why not go further and give point to that who do good thing ? sophie like gold star ! julie I be all for praise the student but if student collect point and end up with 34 point , say , that leave room for all kind of trouble we can not control . frederic without go as far as this imaginary 34 point , six point to start with mean they can cause trouble without punishment . I be sorry , but lose a point or two be not a real punishment . it can create a dangerous sense of impunity . for I , the idea 's totally wrong-heade . principal in that case , we could find a punishment where the student lose all they point in one go . but why bother with the point in that case ? sophie that 's the whole problem . principal it 's not simple . francois you know , what you call a sense of impunity give we room to maneuver . when you be deal with punishment that be cut and dry , you can not adapt they to each case . 44 , frederic no , I do not agree . the rule apply in the same way to all the student . they break they , they be punish . if not , why bother with rule ? francois maybe , but deal with extremely strict rule create the great tension . take cell phone , for instance . we agree on a rule that cell phone be not allow in class . well , sorry , but I break that rule because I realize it be not a problem for I . there 's room to maneuver , to be tolerant . frederic sure , that 's the reign of the arbitrary . farida no , the law and the spirit of the law . principal now then , I know we could talk all night but that 's not possible . we have other topic to tackle . in particular , one vital issue , a very sensitive one , concern the coffee machine that the teacher have ask to talk about . sophie it 's a sensitive issue , all right ! everyone agree there 's a real problem with the coffee machine this year . the price of a coffee have go up from 40 centime to 50 centime . that may seem petty but since we drink several coffee a day at 8 , at 10 or at 4 in the afternoon , it work out at a lot . so we have clubbed together to buy a coffee maker . that way , we can drink as much coffee as we want without have to count . principal monsieur Pierre will be delighted to reply . monsieur Pierre , the bursar , start speak shyly . all the same , we can tell that nothing will stop he . 45 . monsieur pierre yes . first of all , I would like to remind you that this machine be install in 2001 to replace a machine that need the intervention of a outside company for restock , repair , etc . it be very expensive and not at all profitable . we switch to the new machine which be not profitable yet . sophie I be sorry to hear that ! use to the bursar 's endless speech , the people present exchange embarrassed look that monsieur Pierre , he eye glue to he note , haughtily ignore . monsieur pierre and so we increase the price of coffee by ten centime to fifty centime . there . the thing have to be economically viable . sophie be not anyone shocked by this ? principal it 's clear and logical to I . int . meeting room & corridor - night gather around a meager buffet , all the people attend the meeting sip champagne . frangois quickly slip out to smoke a cigarette in the yard . int . corridor - night we find frangois alone , walk down a long , dark corridor as the sound of the small party fade . int . staff room - night he push open the door of the staff room . two cleaning women who be chat peacefully pick up they gear and apologize . frangois tell they that they can stay , but the two woman have already slip out into the corridor . frangois open he locker and pull out a pile of papers on which the mandarin orange be balanced . frangois put the fruit back in the depth of the locker and automatically sniff the first sheet before read it . it 's the work that he give khoumba as punishment . 46 . we can just make out the title , write in block capital : '' respect '' . khoumba ( v.o. ) " respect . " # adolescent learn to respect they teacher little by little because of they threat or the fear of have problem . for starter , I respect you and respect must be mutual . for instance , I do not say you be hysterical , so why do you say I be ? I have always respected you so I do not understand why I have to write this . in any case , I know you have it in for I but I do not know why . I have decide to sit at the back of the class from now on to avoid any other conflict , unless you come look for they . I admit I can be insolent , but only if I be provoke . I will not look at you again , so you can not say my look be insolent . in theory , in a french class , you talk about french , not you grandma , you sister or girl ' period . and so , from now on , I will not speak to you again . sign khoumba . int . CLASS —- day khoumba 's voice continue over this next scene . while frangois be at he desk , the student work on they self - portrait with more or less care . some have '' the Diary of Anne Frank '' open on they desk . other daydream or chat in low voice . on the blackboard , we can read , '' I work on my self - portrait '' . frangois go from table to table , advise the different student . francois why be you hide it like that ? what 's wrong ? rabah it 's a secret . francois a secret ? it will not stay a secret for long . esmeralda , why have you change place ? esmeralda no reason , I just want to . francois be there a problem ? 47 . esmeralda no , not at all . no problem . I just want a change of scene . he turn to khoumba who immediately look away . francois okay , that 's enough . let 's get to work . boubacar no , sir , please ! please , sir ! francois you be just copying what you do at home . you have have plenty of time . boubacar that 's right , that 's right but , sir , we have to do it neatly here . please ! francois esmeralda , we be listen . esmeralda huh ? I have to ? francois yes , absolutely . esmeralda my name be esmeralda ouertani , I be 14 and I live at 9 , allée du pére Julien dhuit , Paris 20 , with my two parent and my three brother and sister . later , I would like to be a policewoman because people say all policeman be bad and so we need good one . if not , I would like to be a rapper and I 'ma fan of bakar , médine , youne , marvin and mafiak 'l fry . otherwise , I like eat , sleep and hang out in the ‘hood . francois yes , or rather ? esmeralda the neighborhood . francois yes , so why do not you change it since you know how ? when you write , you use the standard style . do not wait until I correct you . wey , go on . 48 . wey all right . my name 's wey , I be chinese , I be 15 , I have two sister , I be the youngest . my hobby be play video game , at least 4 hour a day . I find it hard use french correctly . it 's so hard express myself that other do not understand I . that 's why I do not communicate much . I hardly ever go out . nothing much interest I outside . the environment do not suit I here since I be allergic but I do not know what . esmeralda allergic to yourself , that 's why they can not find what you be allergic to ! francois that 's good , wey . I feel that I know you better after hearing you self - portrait . that 's the goal . to tell we thing . rabah ( 0.s . ) it just happen to be good when it 's he . francois what ? rabah his just happen to be good , not ours . our never be . francois no , not at all . if wey 's work be good , I congratulate he . and I will gladly congratulate you if you have manage to do it well . that 's the truth ... in fact , rabah , you can read we you self - portrait . rabah no , I be not read . francois so how can I congratulate you if you do not ? rabah I do not need that . francois well make you mind up ! 49 . boubacar ( 0.s. ) you want compliment . francois go on , we be listen . rabah my name 's rabah , I be 14 , I listen to rap . I love my village in kabylia and go there every year . I like music , rap and slam . I have two brother but I do not like school . I do not like tramp . I like Zidane , I like to talk and I like psy 4 de la rime 's video . go marseille ! francois we can manage without marseille . esmeralda ( 0.s. ) go Paris , you mean ! francois we do not really need it in a self - portrait . cherif Sir , he do not read it all ! he skip two line ! rabah that 's all ! I read the lot ! francois hey , cut it out ! rabah go , dude ! francois boubacar ! boubacar " I like to make love " . rabah I never write that ! boubacar " I like to look good for the woman and I like summer to see girl ' cleavage . " 50 . francois okay , all right . ( reaction from the other student ) why not , rabah , why not ? rabah I never write that ! I will not say who do . francois it look a lot like you write though . rabah my write ? no way . francois it do . but there 's no shame in like cleavage . rabah be this my write ? frangois look around the class . his gaze settles on souleymane . francois it 's not a sin . souleymane , stop rock and read you self - portrait . I be curious to hear it . the adolescent , sprawle on he chair , sit up straight , take he time . souleymane huh ? francois no , not huh . souleymane I do not write anything , sir . francois but I be sure you do , I see you write earlier . souleymane no , I write nothing . francois you do . souleymane nothing ! 51 . francois we be listen . souleymane I be souleymane . I have nothing to say about I because no one know I but I . after a moment 's silence , frangois say ironically . francois ( calming the jeer of the other student ) okay , okay , enough .. that 's good . a bit long maybe . how come you can not make the effort that the other do ? souleymane I do not like talk about myself , that 's all . francois how come the other make the effort and you do not ? souleymane well , if they do , that 's they problem . I do not talk about my life , okay . francois really ? this lead to a little laughter . esmeralda can not stop herself from make fun of souleymane . esmeralda it 's not that he do not want to , he just can not write , that 's all ! souleymane what 's up , you cop ? you want to be a cop and you be talk to I ? goddam cop ! esmeralda I can live with it . francois all right , that 's enough ! souleymane get lose , cop . arrest guy instead of talk to I . get you cuff ? esmeralda chill , french guy . 52 . souleymane you breath stink ! esmeralda chill , okay . souleymane Heard of aquafresh ? francois souleymane , souleymane , there 's no need to be offensive . souleymane I can lend you a toothbrush if you want ! francois okay , cut it out . souleymane , you be a lot better at oral insult , you be great at that , but when it come to write , nobody 's home . esmeralda he can not even write he name . souleymane 's sole reply be to point to a tattoo in Arabic that he have on he neck . souleymane Zip it ! what do this say ? esmeralda go on then , the same old shit with you Koran . souleymane become indignant . souleymane shut you mouth . what 's wrong with the Koran ? I will spare you my " shit " when you calm down ! esmeralda go on , piss we off , that 's from the Koran ? francois hey , calm down . souleymane it 's the Koran so shut you mouth ! esmeralda stop make this crap up ! 53 . souleymane I be not make it up ! frangois come over and try to see the tatoo . francois what 's that tattoo , souleymane ? why be you show it to we ? esmeralda he say it 's from the Koran but that 's not for sure ! souleymane shut you mouth ! francois hey , hey ! what be it ? what be that tattoo ? why be you show it to we ? souleymane it 's nothing , it 's nothing ! boubacar come to he rescue . boubacar it mean shut you mouth , shut you mouth ! souleymane you shut you mouth ! that 's not what it mean ! francois so give we the right translation . go on , tell we . souleymane I do not want to tell you . francois you show it in my class so you be go to tell we what it mean . souleymane hesitates for a second . souleymane it say here , right here : " if you word be less important than silence , keep quiet . " boubacar that 's what I say ! 54 . souleymane no , that 's not what you say . boubacar hey , rabah , be not that what I say ? souleymane no , it 's not what you say . francois why be not it the same thing that boubacar say ? souleymane I do not know . it 's different . I think it sound better . francois yes , it 's better put . souleymane , if only you could write as interesting thing on paper as on you arm , that would be great . souleymane yeah , yeah , I think so too . francois that prove you can do it . right , after this first few self - portrait , I would like you to rewrite they and polish they , make sure you answer the question that we list at the start of class : what I like and do not like , my quality and flaw , who I would like to be .. ( a knock on the door ) come in ! principal good morning . francois good morning . the principal have come to introduce a new student , carl , to the class . on see that the student be not go to move , the principal set they straight . they stand reluctantly . principal stand up , please . good morning . that go for that at the back too . come on , stand up . chérif , do you hear I ? everyone have to stand . it 's simply a way of greeting a adult . ( more ) 55 . principal ( cont 'd ) it do not mean submission or humiliation . all right . sit back down . I have come to introduce a new student . Carl . try to make he welcome until the end of the year . thank you . Goodbye . frangois gesture to the classroom . as the principal go back out , the new student sluggishly take he place as the other student look on , intrigue . francois thank you . Goodbye . Carl , go sit in the third row , in that free place . khoumba , can you move you thing ? take a sheet of paper and a pen and try to catch up with the other . we will talk after . ( the bell ring ) do not forget the homework for Monday without fail . let 's finish with this . Goodbye . Carl , stay here a minute or two . student Goodbye . adios , sefior . int . CLASS —- day as the other student leave the classroom , frangois signal to Carl to wait . the boy look a little worried . francois welcome . carl thank you . now that the other student have leave , frangois adopt a more confidential tone . francois I do not know if you know but I be Mr. Marin , you french teacher and you class supervisor . so if there 's a problem , you talk to I about it . I know who you be . I mean , I know why you be here . the principal tell I but that do not matter . we will start from scratch here , okay ? it will all go well . you have see that we .. we be on self - portrait to be hand in next Monday . maybe you could do one too . you know when the next class be ? Carl look awkward . 56 . carl Monday , at 9.30 . francois yes , Monday , at 9.30 , very good . all right .. and do you like french ? carl yes , like everyone , I guess . francois that do not mean much . okay , off you go . carl Goodbye . francois Goodbye . you know what a self - portrait be , that 's not a problem ? carl yes . francois you be sure ? carl yes , have a good day . int . CLASS - night one evening after the day 's class , frangois , sit at he desk , see the student 's parent one by one . we see a series of portrait of the student 's parent . some defend they offspring tooth and nail , other demand great severity with they child and other still seem totally indifferent to what frangois have to say . wey 's parent seem to be concentrate hard and hang on frangois 's every word but the look on they face show that they do not understand . francois good evening . please to meet you . wey 's father good evening . francois sit down , please . thank you for come . I know it be not easy . well , we be very pleased with wey . very pleased indeed . ( more ) 57 . franggois ( cont 'd ) all the teacher at the staff meeting say so . he 's kind , he 's pleasant ... it 's good to have he in class . and it 's show in he grade . we have .. the usual good grade in mathematics . he 's do well there . 13/20 . in french , we have a 9 here ... wey 's father not a lot . meanwhile , wey 's mother look on , a big smile on she face . she clearly do not understand what be be say but have a vague impression that frangois be speak favorably about she son . francois well , he do not speak french very well yet but that 's only normal . he talk a lot . he tell I about a lot of thing . he talk about he computer . he 's into that . wey 's father yes , yes , always too late . francois you think he work too late ? wey 's father yes , too late , not sleep good . after , school not good . eye get sick after . francois yes , he eye .. in any case , he may spend a lot of time on the computer but thing be fine at school for now . wey 's father yes , thank you . francois he work well and he do not seem tired . wey 's father thank you . nassim come next , with he father nassim' father nassim .. I would like he to do .. he can go far . he have all he need . at he age , I be not that lucky . I be right behind he . anything he need , I get he , no problem . ( more ) 58 . nassim 's father ( cont 'd ) but he have to do right . it 's true , thing be good at home with he but I would like he to keep on study .. and go far . I and he mother , we would like to be proud of he . that 's what we ask of he . francois I think we all agree on what we need to do . it 's crazy how alike you be . nassim we be looker in the family , only natural . francois yes , you be right . the next parent be arthur 's mother . arthur' mother so a adolescent who talk with he family , who have good grade , who have friend , even if he 's a bit of a loner , he 's a outcast ? he 's a boy who talk with adult , who exchange with they . maybe he do not with you but that mean he 's just a teenager try to define himself , that 's all . I be useless at school for year . I reject the idea of make we fit in with the system . do he black clothes bother you ? the way he look ? I do not get it . then come burak 's mother ( see at a meeting earlier ) , with she son . burak 's mother I would like he to go to the best , to henri iv. francois henri iv ? why do you want he to go there ? burakak mother because ... burak standards again .. henri iv be all she think about . burak 's mother because they have very high standard . a mother always want the best for she son . 59 . burak yeah , my mother 's scared I will feel lose in high school because the other go to fancy private school and dolto High be not as demand so ... burakak mother it 's a pity that the teacher , well , maybe not the teacher , I do not want to accuse anyone ... but the school ... francois go on , accuse we . it 's always a pleasure . burakak mother why do not you try to push the better student a little harder , say ? they get bog down by other student who be not as good . burak my mom make stuff up . dolto High be not useless . she think private school ... burakak mother I do not say useless , I say average . I do not call it useless . this stream of parent end with souleymane 's mother , accompany by she older son , age 17 or so . he be the one who speak since he mother do not understand a word of french . francois we talk about souleymane a great deal at the staff meeting . many teacher have complain about he attitude , which be very negative . souleymane 's brother immediately become heat . souleymane’s brother oh yeah ? francois many complain that he come without he thing . when he come , that be , as he 's often absent . he 's often late too . souleymane’s brother oh yeah ? francois in any case , I think you know that . 60 . souleymane’s brother no , we do not know . souleymane tell we he work hard . a brief conversation with he mother in malian . souleymane 's brother become annoyed as he translate for he mother who also start to get angry . francois can you translate for I ? souleymane’s brother she .. she do not believe it . francois there have be note in he report book since September , three month now . Notes about the problem he be have . souleymane’s brother she sign they without know because she can not read , see . francois what about you ? do you read the note too ? souleymane’s brother yes , but I be just he brother . you see ? francois okay , but you know there be a problem ? souleymane’s brother no , I do not know . whenever I ask , he say thing be fine . francois do you see he work at home ? souleymane’s brother he stay in he room sso .. francois I see . another conversation in malian . souleymane 's mother , as angry as before , start talk curtly to she son . frangois look at they in surprise . souleymane’s brother she say she do not understand the note in the report book . 61 . francois yes , I realize that . in any case , you know the situation now . I be tell you officially : there 's a problem . you need to talk to he . souleymane’s brother yes , I will talk to he about it , I will talk to he about it . francois well , just have a.. maybe a conversation with he father could help too .. it would be interesting . souleymane’s brother yes , yes , I will see , I will talk to my father and see what we can do tonight . francois okay , we be not settling score . we just want to improve thing . he stand to say goodbye , shaking hand with souleymane 's mother , then with he brother . souleymane’s brother Goodbye . francois Goodbye . another conversation in malian . souleymane 's mother have already turn to leave . int . computer room - day the student wait in the corridor outside the computer room . souleymane be show the other some photo on he cell phone . we see view of he apartment and of he clowning around with he friend . his classmate be impressed by the quality of the photo but start laugh when they see a photo of souleymane 's mother , particularly tense and glum in front of the camera . boubacar be that you mom ? souleymane you bet . student shit , she 's a ugly old crow ! 62 . souleymane shut you mouth , you mar 's ugly , and so be you . boubacar she sulk or what ? souleymane no , she just hate photo . I and my bro have piss she off . frangois come up discreetly behind they and listen in on the conversation . francois let 's get start . boubacar , who have notice frangois , call out to he . boubacar hey , sir , look , souleymane have bring photo for he portrait . a little embarrassed , souleymane look away . souleymane cut it out , my photo be crap , they suck . francois that 's good ! it 's a great idea . souleymane get lose you ! get you own cell ! frangois open the door and the student rush over to the computer . francois painter do self - portrait . photographer too . souleymane yes , but too bad , I be no painter . francois I know that . all right , let 's get start . cap off , please . hello ... eva I spend all my free time play the guitar . 63 . they be all busy type up they self - portrait . souleymane have take out a cable and , crouching under the table , be look for a free usb connector . frangois be a little worried francois if you be type , hurry and finish to let the other type up they self - portrait . souleymane , do not blow the place up ! souleymane no , no , not right away . francois you know what you be do ? souleymane yeah , yeah . francois well , since you be a computer genius , you can put it all back after . souleymane do not worry . francois I be count on you . everything okay , Carl ? carl yes , sir . in another corner of the room , Carl be type something up . he do not pay any attention to he classmate who treat he just as indifferently . frangois come up behind he and try to read over he shoulder . Carl immediately turn he screen away . francois I be not allow to see it ? carl no , not yet . esmeralda sir? francois yes. esmeralda how do you spell Lafayette ? 64 . francois how do you mean ? esmeralda like galery Lafayette . francois why be you mention that ? esmeralda I go there often so I want to add it . francois that 's weird . I mean , it 's four metro stop from here . you never usually leave the neighborhood , that 's a huge leap in one go . khoumba get annoyed . khoumba hey , we be not hick ! esmeralda we be city kid ! francois really ? you go into the center of Paris ? esmeralda you bet ! khoumba I go everywhere . the lst , the 5th , the 20th , the 12th , the 19th ... francois really ? why do you go to the 5th ? khoumba in the 5th , I go to see pal in high school . near luxembourg . francois I see . you go to the luxembourg garden ? khoumba no , not the garden , I say luxembourg . francois you go to the country call luxembourg ? khoumba no , the luxembourg metro station ! 65 . frangois try to change the subject . francois all right . so you do get out and about . ( a beat ) I see you two have make up . that 's good . khoumba that 's we business . esmeralda and not yours . khoumba so , how do you spell Lafayette ? francois Lafayette be l-a-f-a-y-e-t-t-e . with a capital . all of a sudden , thing start stir in souleymane 's corner . souleymane have upload he photo and more or less add they to he layout . boubacar yeah , they be much better now ! souleymane much better . boubacar she look good . frangois come over and look at the screen . francois yes , that be a good photo . souleymane turn to the screen as if to check on what frangois be say . souleymane yeah . francois and now you could add a legend . souleymane a legend ? meaning ? boubacar like a story or a tale . 66 . francois no , not that kind of legend . a caption under the photo like in newspaper . souleymane you mean , like in " Le parisien " ? francois yes , like in " Le parisien " . souleymane oh , right . francois what kind of legend could you put here ? who be this woman ? souleymane my old woman . francois meaning ? souleymane my mother . francois well , you could say she 's you mother . then you could explain why she 's make this gesture of push away the photographer . boubacar him and he brother have just piss she off . souleymane I be not gonna write that ! francois so why be she make that gesture ? souleymane she hate photo . francois so write that . " my mother hate have she photo take . " that 's a legend , see ? souleymane yeah , yeah . 67 . francois then do that with all the photo and you be set . souleymane yeah ... francois printed it all out ? souleymane yeah , yeah , I be all set . francois great . this be perfect . souleymane 's photo emerge from the printer , perfectly laid out and caption . frangois go to pin they to the wall as souleymane watch , suddenly intimidate . souleymane what be you do now , sir ? francois as you can see , I be put the photo up to get a global view . the other read out they self - portrait , so you be go to put yours on show . souleymane look more like a intimidate child than ever . souleymane my photo suck , you know that . francois not at all , they be very good . souleymane sure ... francois and when a student do good work , I let the whole class see it . souleymane you be just do this to wind I up . francois no , I wind you up if I feel you can do better . this be good . souleymane that 's bullshit . 68. francois if you have finish , come and take a look at souleymane 's masterpiece . slowly . we will straighten they after . souleymane , surprised at see he '' work '' on show like this , have the impression that he be naked in front of the whole class . the other student come over ( only Carl continue to work on he text ) . they all make enthusiastic comment that souleymane respond to with a great deal of false modesty . we can tell that he be both flatter and worried about revealing so much . as we hear the student 's comment , the camera show we souleymane 's photo in close - up : the member of he family , view of he neighborhood ... he have often photograph himself too , occasionally in everyday situation , but also at time from a more narcissistic angle with close - up on he tattoo . int . CLASS —- day carl I like play soccer . I like play computer game . I like play with pretty girl . I like vacation in the Caribbean . I like fries , zouk and dancehall music . I like watch MTV base and I like my parent and my brother . I like my pal and stay up all night . I like the tv series on the slave trade . I like my ' hood . I like the series " homeland Security " . I like eat in restaurant and go wild . I hate people cry for no reason . I hate techno and tectonic . I hate guy and girl who show off . I hate visit my brother in jail . I hate talent contest show on tv . I hate politician , the war in irag , goth and skater . I hate teacher who be too strict . I hate mathematics , racist and I hate materazzi . I hate the Paul eluard school and I like be here . the class be perplex by this whole declaration . int . staff room - day in the staff room , Sophie discreetly take a bottle of champagne out of she bag and pop it into the small fridge under the coffee machine . behind she , the conversation be interrupt by the arrival of Julie , the year supervisor , who address the whole staff . 69 . julie hello , I have something to say . could you listen to I , please ? Rachel , I have something to say . the mother of wey , a student in 4 / 3 , have be arrest . she be in France illegally . she have be pick up , she 's in a hold center and may be try next week . she could be deport back to China . I think you should know as it 's important . cecile that 's crazy , the family 's be here 3 year now ! julie yes , I know but that 's how it go , wrong place , wrong time . the police turn up and she get take in . frederic what about the father ? julie the father do not have papers either but they be not bother he for some reason . so , what I want to suggest , to start with , as lawyer cost a lot , we could do a collection and maybe even go to court to try to have some influence on the verdict . Julie put a envelope down on the main table so that everyone can add he or she contribution . Sophie , stand near the fridge , look awkward . francois will wey have to leave too ? julie not for now but you never know . a moment 's silence . Sophie decide to take the plunge . she take the bottle out of the fridge . sophie well , I feel kind of pathetic after that . I have something to tell you , but this be not a good time . anne you have say too much now ! 70 . sophie I be pregnant . vincent yeah ! that call for a celebration ! frederic congratulation ! the news be greet with enthusiastic exclamation . someone take the bottle from Sophie , someone else hand out plastic cup , while Sophie , clearly touch by they reaction , sit down as if she be about to give birth . Rachel hand she a glass of champagne . rachel how far go ? sophie two month . I will only have a drop . just a drop . Vincent open the bottle messily . teacher ( 0.s. ) bravo , Vincent ! sophie he 's a expert ! vincent I do not do it on purpose ! who shook the bottle ? anne here , Sophie . sophie thank you . francois any idea about name yet ? if it 's a boy , say ? sophie if it 's a boy , I have like to call he enguerran . vincent enguerran ? sophie yes. 71 . teacher ( 0.s. ) seriously ? francois it 's good to give he a handicap in life . I mean , he will have plenty of other advantage ... sophie thanks a lot ! I hope not . you all have a glass ? vincent just a second ... teachers cheer ! they all raise they glass . in the midst of this agitation , Sophie look absent for a second . then she too raise she glass to make a toast . sophie right , I have two wish . I have two wish . my first wish be that wey 's mom can stay in France . and my second wish be that my child will be as intelligent as wey . cheer , everybody . ext . yard - day we see a soccer match in the schoolyard . Carl seem to have find he place among he classmate . in fact , he be very sure of himself as he play , monopolize the ball with a great deal of ease . souleymane tackle he and make he fall . souleymane ( to wey ) Jackie Chan ! go for it ! ( turn to look at Carl ) I do not do nothing ! I do not do nothing ! he just fall ! he come at I , I never touch he . player ( 0.s. ) Hand ! Hand ! thanks ! play , souleymane ! souleymane Fucking go for it ! 72 . a few minute later , Carl dodge a tackle by souleymane and score . carl what do you say now , mali man ? souleymane what 's up , you Caribbean shit ? motherfucker ! let go of I , I will waste the fucker ! Caribbean fag ! let go of I ! shut you mouth ! go blow Thierry henri , faggot ! int . CLASS —- day as the class settles down , frangois explain the rule of the game to they . nassim be impatient a hint of francois stand there . talk loud enough for they to hear and try to convince they . go ahead . the first to react . he seem genuinely to express himself . he harangue the class with provocation in he voice direct at souleymane . nassim the Africa Cup of Nations will be start soon . I be glad Morocco 's play . it 's the best team in the world in my opinion . the sick thing be that my pal , the malian , be not play . it 's tough for they . they be not good enough to qualify . Morocco would have let they play on a friendly basis but 4 - 0 really hurt . as he speak , souleymane simply nod he head , as if to say , '' go right ahead ... '' francois what do you mean 4 - 0 ? nassim last time mali play Morocco , they waste they 4 - 0 . but the weird thing be when mali do not play , it 's like all the african here be not African . with each cup , they all go crazy but when mali do not play , they keep a low profile . weird . 73 . francois so , whether mali play in the Africa Cup of Nations or not , the african in this class feel more or less African . okay . thank you , nassim . I get the feel you word be direct at you neighbor , souleymane . souleymane Morocco jerk 's not even on my radar . francois Arthur be next . I see you have you note , just like a politician . arthur exactly . francois well , that 's good . speak up , Arthur . esmeralda you want a slap ? francois esmeralda , let he speak before you judge he . arthur I want to defend the way I look because a lot of people say it suck . student ( 0.s. ) right on , dude ! arthur I do not dis you clothes , so you do not dis mine . clothes be freedom of speech . I dress how I want , you dress how you want , I say nothing to you , you say nothing to I . I dress like this to be different and not follow the other like sheep . student ( 0.s. ) you be the sheep here ! arthur I feel better be myself and not be like other . I also think if there be 22 goth in this class and one guy like you , you would keep quiet then . 74 . francois Arthur , I think there 's a contradiction in what you say . you want to be you . but be that clothes you ? that clothes be wear by a huge number of people . arthur most people who wear they be gloomy inside so we be all kind of alike . francois you be all alike , you be all gloomy , so that 's not you . arthur no , by be different . francois you be different and the same . thank you for take a stand and be brave enough to do so . ( a beat ) boubacar , go on . esmeralda boubacar , my pal ! francois quiet . listen to he . boubacar I have come up to reply to nassim . he say that since mali be not in the Africa Cup of Nations , black african have no team to support . but he 's forget one country , ivory Coast . with a ace player , didier drogba . yeah , didier drogba . didier drogba beat any moroccan . he play for chelsea . what moroccan play in England ? they be not up to it . I be through . francois thanks , boubacar . I think that rectification be indeed ... indispensable . who want to speak now ? Carl , go on . carl actually , I would like to say they be start to piss we off with this Africa Cup . at break you be there , pissing we off with you cup . it have not even start yet ... 75 . boubacar Carl , I will be polite with you . sorry to interrupt , but tell I , what 's you national team ? carl France . esmeralda wipe he out ! carl look at the player on the team . boubacar why do not you say you be french in that case ? why do you say you be Caribbean ? carl we be french . what 's you problem ? boubacar why do not you say ... carl we Caribbean island be french . boubacar why do not you ever say you be french instead of say you Caribbean ? carl it 's the same thing . boubacar no , I do not think so . carl look at the player we have . Thierry henri , wiltord , abidal , thuram .. just look at they . souleymane where do diarra play ? carl diarra will not ever play in mali , bro , he 's not crazy enough . souleymane shut you mouth , pal , I be tell you I be not you bro ! a ape like this jerk ... 76 . francois no need to lose you cool . souleymane look at he , new here and already the big shot . shut you goddam mouth . francois we can talk calmly ! this be not a slange match . it 's a debate . souleymane , watch you language . souleymane I all get you , you Caribbean shit ! esmeralda he 's fume ! souleymane 's sole reply be to give she the finger . souleymane clam up . go get fuck ! francois enough of you vulgarity ! esmeralda know where you can put that ? souleymane ( to frangois ) I be not talk to you , man ! francois no , I be talk to you ! esmeralda be split she side . esmeralda but , sir , he do not know what he 's say , just forget it . francois ( to souleymane ) hey , be that any way to talk to a teacher ? souleymane ( to esmeralda ) who be you talk to , dog -face ? shut you mouth ! 77 . francois that 's enough now . just get you thing and come with I . souleymane I will fuck you all ! francois hey ! I be talk to you ! souleymane do not start yell at I , okay . ( to Carl ) I will get you , faggot . francois you just can not talk normally , can you ? nobody else move . souleymane you call I a ape ? fuck you , man ! i/e . stair & yard - day they slowly come down the stair . frangois be seethe . the teenager drag he foot , force he teacher to come back up a few step from time to time . the scene resemble a silent duel . the crossing of the yard be just as laborious . francois hurry it up ! move it ! the teenager stubbornly continue to advance at he own pace . souleymane hey , get you hand off I ! francois be not you sick of assing around ? this word have echoed around the yard . frangois then notice that the other student be press to the window of the classroom , watch they and laugh . souleymane have notice they too and stop to do up he shoelace , just to show off . frangois try to recover he calm but we can tell that he be still on edge . he wait patiently for souleymane . after take he time do he lace , souleymane set off towards the principal 's office again . 78 . int . principal be office - day outside the principal 's office , they look each other up and down one last time , then frangois knock on the door . the principal tell they to come in . principal hello . francois sorry to bother you . I have a troublemaker who 's be disrespectful in class . souleymane sit down almost instinctively opposite the principal 's desk . principal I do not ask you to sit down , souleymane . francois I have to get back to my class , sorry . principal I will see to this . frangois leave the room . principal sit down now . all right , I be listen . will you tell I what happen ? you think it 's normal that a teacher should have to leave he class to bring you to the principal 's office ? the teenager seem determine to remain silent . int . CLASS meeting - day around a table set out in a U -shape , the class meeting bring together all the teacher that work with the class , member of the school 's administration and a parent ' representative . as for the student , they be represent by esmeralda and Louise who keep chatter together in low voice . principal " result too uneven . too much talk in class . " now let 's move on to Louise , present here today . 79 . vincent the biggest disaster in the whole class . what can we do with you ? no , good work ! principal always good , I would say . sophie excellent and it 's a joy have a student like she . we have to say so when it happen ... principal so , shall we offer this young lady a commendation ? olivier I be sorry , but I do not totally agree with you . she 's relatively well - place in the class from a numerical angle . but a commendation ? there 's room for progress , huge room for progress and I do not think she general attitude really merit a commendation . francois that 's the problem with commendation . be they purely numerical and mathematical or be they also to do with she attitude and behavior as top of the class ? vincent hold on , that mean , to get a commendation , you have to be a excellent student and , at the same time , be a class leader ? no ! principal please , please ! francois a commendation carry a certain weight ! principal so a commendation this term . Louise be intelligent and will realize she can do better to satisfy you . now , chérif . we friend chérif . herve I have a problem with chérif . he 's a kid with ability , he could do well . ( more ) 80 . herv é ( cont 'd ) I could easily give he 17 / 20 but he spend so much time talk and disturbing the class , he average grade be poor . and that 's a pity . vincent his behavior 's irregular . he can be a disaster and you can not do a thing with he or he can be really good . principal so what do we put for chérif ? a warning about he work or he behavior ? sophie for I , behavior , not work . rachel in my class , it 's more he work . principal it 's more like a work problem , look at he grade . Mathematics : 6 . french : 8 . History and geography : 9 . English : 9.5 ... esmeralda ( hurry out , split she side ) Excuse I ! principal Science : 12 . Music : 11. francois his grade be pretty low but I have the impression that it 's more a behavior problem . why do not we put that for now and say he can work harder ? principal so I will put , " chérif can succeed as long as he attitude change in relation to he work . " let 's move on to souleymane . anne souleymane ... someone else can start . know smile around the room . principal what do we say ? sophie nothing good ! 81. principal what else ? francois I think we already discuss he in the first term . we say it all . he have huge weakness , notably in write french . I do not think there 's anything particularly new this term . esmeralda come back in , have calm down . principal feeling better , esmeralda ? esmeralda yes . principal I do not know be class rep be such fun . we be talk about souleymane . olivier in relation to what frangois just say , he forget he thing most of the time this term and , I have to admit , do not do much . frederic but it 's not just that , it 's way beyond that . he 's more and more unruly . he prevent the other from work . esmeralda butt in , raise she hand to speak . esmeralda May I say something ? principal yes , esmeralda , if you put the biscuit away . remember , you be not allow to eat in a classroom . esmeralda well , he overall grade have go from 6.75 to 7.25 ... so ... principal yes , but we be not discuss he grade but he behavior for now . 82 . vincent I have the impression we need to consider disciplinary action . his attitude 's wrong . anne it 's simple . every other class , I throw he out . patrick I do not even throw he out anymore . he 's only too happy when I do , so it make no sense . francois I do not think disciplinary action will help because thing will get really bad then . frederic they be already really bad ! it 's go too far . it 's like he 's mad at the other for be normal student . principal I will remind you , Mr. Marin , you bring he to I only yesterday . francois yes , but it be this year 's first incident . he be disrespectful , so I have to set a limit . I do what I do but I do not think it will go any further than that . since the start of the year , I do not have any real complaint , apart from yesterday . frederic but we job be not to make sure student sit quietly at the back and do not cause any trouble . we have to bring this kid out ! esmeralda and Louise be amused by this lively discussion between two of they teacher . the principal look as if he want to take thing in hand . francois I will not do that with threat or punishment . I would rather stress he good work because some thing interest he . he can come out with some pretty good stuff . 83 . frederic simply because he do something positive now and then , we let he sink and wallow in he hole and we do nothing ? you just want to buy social harmony . principal that say , what do we say ? what do we do ? a warning ? francois I do not think a warning 's what he need . maybe we should say souleymane have reach he limit because he 's limited scholastically . esmeralda ( 0.s. ) shit , that 's tough . he should not say a thing like that ! esmeralda and Louise pretend to be shocked by frangois 's word but burst out laugh . principal okay , that 's all well and good but I be dim and have a line to fill . what do we put ? frédéric and frangois remain silent . int . CLASS —- day francois Three rhyme , three rhyme per verse . what do you call that ? verse of three line ... wey ? wey a tercet . francois a tercet , very good . and if there be four rhyme , wey , what would it be ? wey a quatrain . francois a quatrain , it 's easy . from '' quatre '' , four . tercet , three rhyme . quatrain , four . how many syllable per line ? can you tell I that ? khoumba ? 84 . khoumba I know there be ten . francois you know there be ten ? khoumba want I to show you ? francois yes ? khoumba '' noir dan la neig -e et dan la brum-e . '' that make ten . francois if you say , '' noir dan la neig-e et dan la brum-e , '' you have two extra syllable by count the mute es. do not count they , they be mute . '' noir dan la neige et dan la brume , '' that make eight . if we count precisely , underline each syllable , we have " il 6 - coutent " - I will come back to that one - two octosyllable ... in the middle of the lesson , rabah suddenly speak out to talk about the previous day 's class meeting . rabah Sir , there 's a problem ! francois and one four-syllable line . what be it ? rabah 11.47 , that make ... 11.5 ? francois be 11.47 the number of syllable here ? rabah rounded up , I mean . no , it 's my grade . it 's down ! francois can you tell I what that have to do with poetry ? rabah they lower my grade ! 11.47 be 11.5 . 85 . francois who give you you grade ? you should not have it yet , not until you get you report . rabah esmeralda tell I . francois ah ... so the class rep do do something after all , they pass on the grade . louise be you kid ? I take a load of note ! francois I get the impression you be not really follow the meeting . Louise brandish a book full of note . louise hey , I write all this ! francois Louise , I be delighted . you have do a good job pass on information . let 's get back to this poem . the rule be to count in front of a consonant and not in front of a ... the two girl look at each other , outrage . as frangois finish write a poem on the board , souleymane , who do not want to leave thing at this , butt in . souleymane Sir , sir , I have a question . francois what ? souleymane I hear you really wipe I out at the meeting yesterday . francois another remark about poetry , I see ! souleymane no , I be not talk about poetry . 86 . francois yes , I know you be not talk about poetry . what do you mean , " wipe you out " ? souleymane I dunno . you wipe I out . francois some people , not I , say if you carry on like this .. some teacher say if you carry on like this , you will be in trouble , not " wipe out " . souleymane yeah , but that 's revenge . I do not get it . why do all the teacher go for revenge ? francois what do you mean ? what do it have to do with revenge ? souleymane if you say stuff about I get in trouble and all , that 's revenge , right ? francois revenge have nothing to do with it . souleymane what do you mean , it 's not revenge ? francois not at all ... souleymane it be , it 's revenge . francois we be not on the street here . it 's a warning . we goal be not revenge , it 's discipline . get the difference ? souleymane I do not get it . francois when a judge send someone to jail , he do not do it to get revenge . it 's to help society run smoothly . souleymane I call it revenge , you just want to get revenge . you be riffed with I . 87 . francois be you out of you mind ? you think all I care about be revenge ? I wake up and say , " I will get souleymane today " ? esmeralda react immediately . esmeralda you say you have other thing to do but you insulted he yesterday anyhow . he really laid into you ! francois no I do not , absolutely not . esmeralda what be it he say , Louise ? Louise check she note and turn to souleymane . louise he say you be " limited " . I underline it , I be so shocked . souleymane be slightly daze by this remark . he seem humiliate that such word should have emerge before the whole class . souleymane I be what ? I be limited ? frangois , startle that souleymane 's feeling may have be hurt , focus he anger on the two girl . francois brilliant , brilliant ... esmeralda and Louise , what 's you role as class rep exactly ? you represent the student to help this class work or you stir up trouble between I and the student ? what do you do exactly ? louise we just do we job , that 's all . esmeralda wick ! we report on the meeting . francois yes , of course . I do not realize . when I see you sniggering at the meeting like that , I feel bad , you see ? I feel bad for you . ( more ) reaction 88 . franggois ( cont 'd ) it be not the place or time to do that . it do not look very serious , quite frankly , okay ? esmeralda yeah , well nobody minded in any case . francois oh , yes , they do . esmeralda only you ! francois no , no , esmeralda , it bother I and I think I can say it bother the other too . esmeralda no , no , it only bother you . francois sorry , but laugh like that , in the middle of a class meeting , make you look like two skank . louise what ? from the class . esmeralda have you just lose it ? student ( 0.s. ) that 's bad ! louise Sir , you can not dump on you student . francois the word be " insult " . esmeralda have you lose it , insulting on we as skank . francois no , no , you say " dump on " or " insult " . it 's either one or the other , okay . esmeralda yeah , keep on talk . 89 . francois in fact , I never say you be skank . I say that at one point in the meeting you act like skank . understand ? carl hey , sir , do not try to con we , you say skank . that 's too easy ! francois no , no , I be not try to con you , I be just explain the difference . you understand what I mean ? carl no , no , I do not understand . souleymane , who have be seethe since the start of the discussion , suddenly explode . souleymane Sir , you do not talk to girl like that ! what be you think of ? francois hey , you be go to tell we how to talk to girl , the way you talk to other ! you always insult everybody ! souleymane he want revenge ! the old teach be no use now , he want revenge on the girl ! francois no way ! the noble knight riding to the girl 's rescue will not wash , souleymane ! souleymane you do not talk to I , man ! you do not talk to I like that , wacko ! francois I tell you before , show some respect for you teacher ! souleymane I will if I want ! francois I tell you , you be head for trouble unless you show some respect ! souleymane think you be tough ? francois it 's not about toughness , it 's about discipline and respect ! souleymane I will take you anytime , man ! souleymane start put he thing away to avoid look frangois in the eye . khoumba hey , cut it out , stop play the big shot . calm down ! stop play the big shot . souleymane stay outta this ! boubacar souleymane , cut it out , bro ! fearing that a fight be about to break out , frangois hurry over . souleymane hey , do not touch I ! francois you be crazy . you can not just walk out of my class ! be you nut ? 90 . souleymane stand , kick over he chair that crash to the floor , and walk over to the door . as he pass , Carl roughly grab he arm . carl calm down , calm down ! souleymane let go of I ! francois stop it now ! enough ! where be you go ? souleymane I say let go of I , fucker ! francois pathetic ... to break free of Carl 's grip , souleymane try to hit he with he bag . he miscalculculate and strike khoumba 's head . she scream as she lift she hand to she eyebrow that start bleed . gl . khoumba fuck ... souleymane go out as khoumba 's blood form a puddle on the floor at she foot . int . staff room - day Close - up on a sheet of paper on which frangois start write : '' incident report , April 11 , 2008 '' . frangois be alone in a corner of the desert staff room . he write a few word , then break off , read what he have just write , and put he pen down . int . principal be office - day the principal read the report attentively as frangois watch in concern . when he finish read , the principal remain silent for a second . principal so , what do we do ? I think we need to convene the disciplinary committee , do not we ? this be start to add up . it begin with disrespect , then the fight , with a student injure , and finally he leave the class without permission . francois yes , but there be only one incident and it all spread out from there . one thing lead to another , a chain reaction . the principal stand and conclude : principal well , what I can do be take a protective measure , since this be so serious , by suspending souleymane for 48 hour . that will give we a little time to reach a decision . shall we do that ? however , I need to see you tomorrow . could you come to my office ? that would be better . francois Goodbye . principal Goodbye . frangois leave the room . 92 . int . corridor & stair - day at the door of the office , Julie , the year supervisor , be wait for he . julie frangois ! I need a word with you . there 's a rumor go around ... they continue they conversation as they head along the corridor to the yard . francois a rumor ? julie yes . some student come to see I and tell I .. you insulted they in class . francois who tell you that ? Louise and esmeralda , be it ? julie they tell I you call they skank and that lead to the incident with souleymane . francois and you go right ahead and believe they ? julie yes , well , no .. that 's why I need to see you . you do not mention it in you incident report so .. yes , I want to know . francois I do not mention it because I do not mention it . what can I say ? julie do you do it or not ? francois what ? julie do you ... ( she greet someone who pass ) do you call they skank ? francois yes , but souleymane 's another matter ! 93 . julie I know it have nothing to do with he . but word 's get around . people be talk . I want to let you know . francois well , thanks for let I know . frangois have speak absently because , out of the window , he have just spot esmeralda in the yard . ext . yard - day frangois hurry across the yard towards esmeralda as if he be ready for a fight . francois hey , you two . you complain about I to the year supervisor . thanks a lot ! they step away from the other student . esmeralda , catch off guard , stammer a little . esmeralda you be welcome . francois you could have talk to I about it , could not you ? Louise come over to she friend and join the conversation . louise when a teacher complain about we , he see the year supervisor , we can do the same thing , right ? francois no , it do not work both way . he have raise he voice . a group have form around they . we notice that khoumba have a dress over she eyebrow . louise of course it 's the same . of course it be . francois absolutely not . what be you after by do this ? esmeralda we want to see you punish like we ! 94 . francois to see I punish ... esmeralda yes. francois you be go to get I punish ? esmeralda yes , you insulted we , you get punish ! francois and where will that get you , I be punish ? esmeralda at least I will have speak out . francois great , that 's a lot of use . esmeralda I mean , do you even know what " skank " mean ? francois that 's not the problem because I never call you skank ! esmeralda yes , you do , you call we skank . for I , skank mean prostitute . francois not at all . esmeralda it do . francois for I , it do not mean that . it 's nothing important at all , just a girl laugh stupidly . it 's no worse than that . esmeralda turn to the circle of girl around she . esmeralda hey , skank mean prostitute , right ? girl you bet ! 95 . khoumba will souleymane get expell ? frangois be catch off he guard . Carl butt francois of course not .. but ... khoumba will he get a disciplinary hearing ? francois we do not know yet . it 's a possibility . stop yell before anything 's decide . khoumba it 's all settle anyway . we know that ! francois it be not . why do you say that ? khoumba because . it 's always the same . esmeralda I 's always the same ! francois you know , you be in no position to talk . you be the one who get hurt during the incident . khoumba so ? he do not mean it . there be a metal thing in he bag . francois whatever happen , he blow a fuse and that 's bad . in . carl Sir , anyone can blow a fuse . francois yes , they can , but they can calm down after too ! carl that 's not so sure . francois you calm down , right ? 96 . carl no. francois you be a lot calmer since you get here . carl no , I have not calm down . you do not know I better than I know myself ! francois all the teacher say you attitude be perfect now . so do not try to pretend otherwise . carl so what 's the idea ? you think you have tame I ? francois no , it do not mean we have tame you . but be send here by a disciplinary committee help you understand thing , see ? carl it do not help I . I do not understand you shit ! francois in make that decision about you , maybe you old teacher want to help you and we will do the same for souleymane . carl sorry , but I say teacher who expel student be fucker . esmeralda right on ! francois bravo , you want to repeat that ? carl yeah , they be fucker . francois this be incredible . everyone go wild over some word I say . you say fucker and I should not react ? carl I do not give a damn , they be fucker ! 97 . francois cut it out ! esmeralda hey ! you say skank , we say fucker . you may not like it but it 's the same . it 's the same ! francois first of all , the two word be nothing alike ! and if you can not understand that a teacher can say certain thing that student can not say , well .. we will never get anywhere ! khoumba we be not allow to say nothing . we be not allow to say nothing ! francois rubbish ! you keep talk all the time ! you never stop speak ! carl whenever we talk , you yell . what be this ? francois enough ! frangois , at a loose end , leave the group . int . hallway - canteen - day as he enter the canteen hallway , khoumba catch up with he . she be alone and look worried . khoumba Sir ! sir! francois what ? khoumba tell I , will souleymane get a hearing or not ? frangois , surprised by the emotion in khoumba 's voice , turn to look at she . francois give it a rest ! you sound like you want he to . it fire you up . 98 . khoumba do you know what will happen if he 's expell ? francois he will change school . khoumba no , he will not change school . francois he will , it 's automatic . it 's obligatory . that go for souleymane too . khoumba do you know he father ? francois I have see he once or twice . khoumba no , you do not know he ! if souleymane be expell , he dad will send he back to they village ! francois do not get overdramatic . khoumba he will go back to mali ! francois I think we all need to keep we head here . it 's okay , do not worry . he walk away . int . canteen - day frangois come into the desert canteen . there be trays on the table , the leftover of lunch . he sit down ina he look a little lose . we find he a little later smoking a cigarette as two women clear the trays away at the other end of the room , put they on a trolley . on reach he , one of they point to frangois 's cigarette . cleaning woman you can not smoke here , sir . francois yes , I know , but since I be alone ... 99 . cleaning woman the rule hold for everyone . frangois put out he cigarette in a dirty plate . the woman take the tray , glaring at he . int . staff room - day frangois be with the other teacher , talk about souleymane . frédéric speak up . frederic okay , you go too far with that girl . but we all screw up . it do not excuse what souleymane do . rachel listen , frangois , he 's right . I see khoumba . her face be all bloody . what he do be unacceptable . sophie that 's for sure . francois that 's another thing , she bloody face ... his bag hit she by accident . a split eyebrow bleed a lot . that 's all . sophie you can not ignore it ! herve come on , frangois , do not take it to heart . you have see how they talk to we ? francois how 's that relevant ? souleymane be go to get a disciplinary hearing and he will be expell . sophie that 's kind of logical . francois so let 's talk about that . how many hearing be there last year ? twelve at least . rachel not that many . 100 . sophie yes , he could be right . francois I know , I be on the committee so I see they all . a average of two a month , twelve in all , with a expulsion each time . herve come on , the hearing be where we talk thing over . okay , so twelve student be expell but maybe there be no other solution . rachel twelve out of twelve mean there be not much of a discussion unfortunately ! frederic but twelve out of twelve just mean ... when a student have a hearing , it 's too late . sophie or that it be justified . francois okay , thing happen that lead to a hearing . but then what happen ? what do we expect from a hearing ? patrick there be all the prior stage . you know that , frangois . the pre-disciplinary committee , we inform the parent , the student be warn ... rachel not in this case . sophie we have no time to . anne it 's pretty rare . francois it 's rare because we know we have this ultimate punishment that allow we to ignore the prior step . and even if we do use they , the simple fact of expel a student .. I do not know , it 's a disavowal of everything we have try . 101 . herve okay , but at the same time it 's souleymane 's chance to justify himself . sophie sure ! student at hearing do not speak . they be scared . they be paralyze . frangois then decide to use what khoumba tell he . francois exactly . let I sum this up . he will get a disciplinary hearing , he will be expell and maybe even send back to mali . anne you be be overdramatic . francois no , I be not . student who know he better than any of we here , who know he father , say that he be likely to send he back to mali after this . patrick some kid be threaten with board school but it never happen ! anne it can happen ! frederic come on , a lot of parent spend they time threaten they kid with that . but you can not take it into account . francois even if there 's just a slight risk that a hearing could lead to he be send back , I do not think I can take that risk . that 's all . sophie it 's like when you hesitate over punish a kid because when he go home , once that door close , he will get a beat from he parent . we have all see that . but we still have to punish they when they go too far . whatever the consequence , which do not concern you . 102 . francois so I ignore that ? I know punishment can have such a consequence but I turn a blind eye , I do not want to know , be that it ? sophie no , but I understand ... herve hold on a second . you can not take it into account in every case or you will not get anywhere . the violence , he be send back ... true , you have to consider it but after a while ... sophie no more Christmas present .. it happen , yes . frederic afterwards , it 's a question of principle . we each have a role to play . we can not substitute ourselves for the parent . francois sorry , but if I rewind the movie , it 's a weird chain of event . it start with reprimand when souleymane start screwing up , forget he thing , or talk back . we punish he . again and again , until a disciplinary hearing lead to who know what . Little by little , everything get out of hand . frederic sure , if you look at it that way , it 's really shocking . but , once again , the school will not be expel souleymane . he 's be go for a while . int . corridor - day frangois leave the staff room . he walk along the corridor , think . ext . yard - day the student start to form into they class as they continue to horse about in the yard . 103 . int . principal be office - day frangois knock on the door and come in . the principal do not seem to be very surprised to see he . principal frangois ... I do not expect you so soon . have you reach a decision ? francois well , I do not think I really have much choice . he sit down a little heavily on the chair face the principal . he do not say a word . the principal go on in a kindly voice . principal by the way , Julie tell I you have a heat exchange with two girl in you class . francois yes , the two class rep but it happen first so .. principal you apparently call they " skank " . francois let 's say that , yes . principal well , that complicate thing but the problem remain . I would like you to mention it in you report . I do not want it use against we at the disciplinary hearing . do not bother hide it , just write it down . francois I understand . principal I will let you go back over this before we launch the procedure . francois so I .. I just need to add the ... principal yes , yes , but without go into detail . do that suit you . 104 . frangois show no reaction . francois okay . int . staff room - day frangois , alone in the staff room again , rewrite he incident report . int . meeting room - day the table have be set out in a U -shape in the meeting room . the people come in . parent 's reps hello . hello , sir . principal please sit down . souleymane and he mother sit on one side , with the two student representative . the teach staff sit on another side and the parent 's representative on the third side of the U . frangois remain silent and try in vain to catch souleymane 's eye . the boy , stubborn , stare at the principal who lead the debate , sit between Julie , the class supervisor , and the bursar , monsieur Pierre . principal ( to Julie ) can you take the minute ? we fast - forward to the heart of the meeting as the principal read from frangois 's report . principal " Carl try to reason with he and stop he . souleymane break free , swinging he bag that hit khoumba in the face . then he leave , insulting everyone and slamm the door . I do not go after he because I need to help khoumba whose eyebrow be bleed . " that be the fact that lead to today 's hearing . Madame , it do not mean souleymane be a bad boy . that 's not what we be say . ( more ) 105 . principal ( cont 'd ) but , sometimes , a student in a class , through voluntary or involuntary behavior , can create a atmosphere that prevent the class from work and get ahead . ( souleymane translate ) do you understand what we be say ? frederic if I may say something , it 's true that there have be a number of sign that should have warn we . we could have react sooner . but now we have to deal with a incident that be fairly violent and that 's simply unacceptable . I would like to know if you realize that , souleymane ? sophie you see , we be not say you be deliberately violent . the problem be you can not control what you say and what you do . principal souleymane , we would like to hear you . you be here to express you point of view . go ahead . souleymane I do not give a damn . I have get nothing to say . do whatever you want to do . his mother say something in malian . she seem to be tell he off for he aggressive reaction to the teacher 's accusation . principal Excuse mme ... souleymane 's mother continue to speak in malian . sophie can you translate ? souleymane she say I be a good boy . I do my homework . I help my brother and sister with they work when I can . I always wash the dish and help she when I can . principal madam , we do not doubt that souleymane be a good son . that 's not the problem . I would like to get back to he school record . 106 . parent 's rep # 1 Excuse I , but could we focus on the fact here ? firstly , I would like to say that we be surprised to see the teacher involved in the incident on this committee . we find that highly irregular . burakak mother ( another parent 's rep ) it 's true . it 's odd to be both judge and litigant . principal first of all , Mr. Marin be elect to the administrative board as the teacher ' representative . moreover , I think that the incident that occur in Mr. Marin 's class do not involve the teacher directly . parent 's rep # 1 I be sorry , but you mention some harsh word speak by the teacher . apparently , if I understand rightly , you use the word " skank " to describe the class rep . and that 's a problem . francois I do say that but it be not something that concerned souleymane . I think he use the excuse of a rather heat exchange with that two student to express the bad mood he be in that day . parent 's rep # 1 he try to defend they . so I feel that it 's relevant . frangois , awkward , prefer not to reply while frédéric , annoyed , answer for he . frederic I be sorry , but absolutely nothing justify be disrespectful to a teacher , insulting everyone and leave a class without permission . principal souleymane , do you have anything to say ? souleymane I do not know . what can I say ? 107 . souleymane’s mother Sir , madame ... she then continue in malian . sophie souleymane ? principal what do you mother say ? souleymane the same thing as before . his mother say something else in malian . principal yes , souleymane ? souleymane she apologize on my behalf . int . corridor - day souleymane and he mother sit down on a bench in the corridor . they do not speak or even look at each other . int . meeting room - day in the meeting room , the vote be under way . everyone take part in the meeting drop a small piece of paper into a box that be pass around . everyone be silent . int . corridor & meeting room - day the year supervisor come to fetch souleymane and he mother who be still in the same position . julie you can come back in now . they stand and follow she into the room . as soon as they sit down , the principal start speak . principal Madame , the committee have confer and have decide to expel souleymane from the school for good . you will receive the ruling by register mail and have eight day to appeal . we shall do we best to find souleymane another school . 108 . souleymane translate for he mother who stand and pick up she bag . souleymane’s mother Goodbye , sir , madame ... souleymane too stand and go out with look back as the principal continue to address he . principal souleymane , come to see I before the end of the week , please . ext . yard - day souleymane and he mother cross the yard to the exit . from the window , frangois watch they go . int . CLASS —- day for the student 's final class , the atmosphere be relaxed . we can sense that the tension of the year have ease . the student be like actor after a show . frangois invite the student to weigh up the past year : what they have learn , what they particularly like . louise Mathematical proportionality . francois this year , you learn mathematical proportionality . all right . burak I like science . francois what you learn , not what you like . if you like it , you learn . so what do you learn in science ? burak all about volcanoe , earthquake , plate ... convergence and divergence , movement of the Earth 's plate ... it be fascinating . francois it interested you ? burak yeah . 109 . francois that 's good . boubacar well , in mathematics , trigonometry , pythagoras ' theorem , thalés ' theorem ... francois I will stop you there . you can not sit there and brag you learn pythagoras ' theorem . recite it for we . boubacar if , in a triangle .. two side be equal to .. if the square root .. if the square of two side be equal to the square ... the square of the hypotenuse ... then the triangle 's a right - angle triangle . francois more or less , yes . boubacar it 's spot on . francois all right . if you say so , I believe you . angelica in history , I learn about triangular trade . the fact that ship leave Europe with manufacture goods that they take to Africa to trade for man who would become slave that they take to America to work . then they take the money they make back to Europe . that 's triangular trade . carl chemistry . francois what in chemistry ? carl combustion . francois okay and what 's that ? carl blend fehling 's solution and glucose . francois what do you get ? 110 . carl heat up the test - tube and it change color . _ francois / what 's the interest in know that ? carl the interest in know that ? I dunno . why teach it to we if there 's no interest ? damien reproduction . francois what do you learn about human reproduction , for instance ? damien human reproduction ... well , the sperm get into the ovum , then you wait 9 month , then you do a sonogram and then it come out . francois the sperm do ? damien no , the human be that 's inside . francois khoumba ? khoumba me? francois yes . that be you name ? khoumba yes . in music , I learn to play the alto recorder ... and in Spanish . francois you learn to play the recorder in Spanish ? khoumba no , in music , I learn to play the alto recorder . and I learn other stuff in Spanish . 111 . francois very good . can you say something to we in Spanish ? khoumba llegan las vacacione . francois and that mean ? khoumba it 's the vacation soon or the vacation 's come . esmeralda I do not learn anything . francois you can not spend 9 month at school and not learn anything . esmeralda you can , I be the live proof . francois you get something from the book we read . esmeralda you book be shite . francois they be what ? esmeralda they be useless . francois what about a book you read by yourself ? esmeralda a book I read ? well , there 's " the Republic " . the book " the Republic " . francois '' the Republic '' by plato ? esmeralda yeah . francois you read that ? how come you read that ? esmeralda my big sister have it . 112. francois she do philosophy ? esmeralda no , law . francois so what 's it about ? esmeralda well , there 's this guy ... francois socrate , he name 's socrate . esmeralda yeah , socrate . this guy , he stop people in the street and he ask they : " be you sure of think what you think ? be you sure of do what you do ? " and so on . after that , people start get confuse . they ask question . the guy 's too much . francois what do he ask people about ? esmeralda everything . Love , religion , God , people , everything . francois it 's good you read it . esmeralda I know . she hesitates , then adopt a mischievous tone . esmeralda it 's not a skank 's book ! this remark elicit laughter from the student who be start to get bored with this discussion about socrate . there 's a air of reconciliation in the air . the ringing of the bell create a mood of general euphoria that frangois calm down . francois wait a second ! before you leave , here be you self - portrait . one by one . when you have yours , you can go . each one of you in turn . 113 . as a end -of - year gift , he hand out the book of self - portrait that he have have bound . the student be over the moon as they look for they own text . a moment of intense pride . khoumba leaf through the page of souleymane 's photo in silence . khoumba Sir , this be really kind of you . student ( 0.s. ) what be it ? francois this be the self - portrait that you write and that we make up with the class photo and so on . ( to a student ) you do not have yours ? nassim Sir , seriously , why do you put this here ? francois you look good in it . nassim cut it out ! francois you be like a leader . have a good vacation . nassim thank you . you too . the student hurry out . for the first time , henriette dare to approach she teacher . henriette Sir ? frangois look surprised . francois yes ? what be it ? henriette I do not learn anything . francois what ? why be you say that ? that do not mean anything . 114 . the girl be edgy , on the verge of tear . henriette earlier , all the other say they would learn something . compare to they , I learn nothing . francois come on , you learn as much as they . they have to think hard too . it 's not easy to remember what you learn off the top of you head like that . henriette but I do not understand . francois what do you mean ? henriette I do not understand what we do . francois in french ? henriette in everything . francois you can not say you do not understand anything in any subject . that 's not true , it 's ... henriette I do not want to go to vocational school . francois there 's no question of that yet . you be move on to the next year . you will have plenty of time to think about you future . vocational school be not a absolute certainty . it all depend on how you do next year . with what she hope be a discreet gesture , she dry she tear . henriette but I do not want to . she go out , leave frangois alone and a little sad . 115 . ext . yard - day in the yard , we find the student , teacher and member of the administrative staff catch up in a soccer match . the adolescent be virtually hysterical at the idea of tackle they teacher . crowd ( shouting during the game ) go ! all together ! all together ! int . CLASS - day the final shot show the empty classroom , then fade to black .