" clerk . " by Kevin Smith int : bedroom . early-morning hour a dog sleep on a neatly make bed . a clock read twenty to six . a shelf of book hold such classic as Dante 's inferno , Beyond good and evil , the catcher in the Rye , and the Dark knight returns . a framed diploma , dusty and unkempt , hang askew on the wall . a snapshot of a girl be stick in the corner , and a bra weigh one end down . a phone sit quietly atop a bundle of laundry . it suddenly explode with a resounding ring - once , twice , three time . a closet door swing open , and a half - clad figure fall out . the phone ring yet again , and a hand fall upon the receiver , yanking it off the trash can , o.c . the rumpled figure lay with he back to the camera , phone in hand . figure ( groggily ) hello ... what ?... no , I do not work today ... I be play hockey at two . the dog yawn and shake its head . figure ( o.c . ) why do not you call randal ?... because I be fuck tired .... I just close last night .... ( deep sigh ) Jesus ... what time be you go to come in ?... twelve ... be there be twelve ?... swear ... a picture of a girl lean against a trophy . the picture be decorate with a play - doh beard and mustache . figure ( o.c. ) swear you will be in by twelve and I will do it .... twelve ... twelve or I walk . the phone receiver slam into the cradle . the rumpled figure slowly sit up and remain motionless . he muss he hair and stand . the dog stand and wag its tail . a hand pat its head . the rumpled figure lay down on the bed . we now see he face . it be the face of dante and this be Dante 's room ; this be Dante 's life . dante grab the dog and wrestle it . dante next time , I get the bed . 2 . he release the dog and sit up . dante ( exhaust ) shit . CUT to : int : bathroom . minute later a steaming shower fill the room . the dog lick water from the toilet . CUT to : int : kitchen . minute later a towel- dress dante open the fridge and peer inside . he grab a half - empty gallon of milk and close the door . CUT to : int : kitchen . second later chocolate milk mix be heape into a tumbler . one scoop , two scoops , three scoops , four scoops . CUT to : int : bedroom . a minute later dante gulp he breakfast while feel inside the closet for some clothes . some chocolate milk spill on the floor . the dog lap at the small puddle of chocolate milk . CUT to : int : hallway . minute later dante be foot be hastily cover . a hand grab key from atop a vcr . CUT to : ext : driveway . minute later a car back out of the driveway and speed down the street . CUT to : 3. ext : convenience store . morning the car pull up , with a screech . foot descend to the ground from the open door . key jam into a lock and pop it open . CUT to : dante lift the metal shutter revealing the door . he open it and grab two bundle of papers , throw they inside the store . CUT to : int : convenience store . morning a very dark room barely light by the daylight . suddenly , the light flick on , revealing the glorious interior of the convenience store . the cat look at dante as he pass the camera quickly . the paper bundle be snap open with a knife . newspaper slam into the appropriate rack . one rack remain empty . a coffee filter be place in a metal pot . Ground coffee follow , and the mix be shove into place in the coffeemaker . the switch be flicked and the machine come to life . the empty newspaper rack with the head asbury park PRESS seem out of place among all the other stack of papers . dante rub he chin and stare , puzzle . he roll he eye as it occur to he . dante shit . the register pop open , and a hand extract a quarter . CUT to : ext : convenience store . morning Pov : newspaper machine through murky glass and thin metal grate , we see dante approach . he stop and drop a quarter in the slot . he pull the door down , finally allow we a clear view as he reach toward the camera . dante pull a stack of newspaper from the asbury Park Press vend machine . he struggle to hold they all in one hand as he let the door slam shut . he turn to walk away , but the sound of the quarter drop into the change slot stop he . he take a step back to grab the coin . CUT to : 4. int : convenience store . morning the papers drop into the once - empty rack with a resounding flop . the quarter drop back into the register drawer . CUT to : ext : convenience store . morning dante try to jam the key into the window shutter lock . he look down at it . dante shit ! the lock be gumme up with gum or something hard and obtrusive like gum , prevent the key from be insert . dante look around and kick the shutter angrily . the car trunk pop open and a hand reach inside , pull out a fold white sheet . CUT to : int : convenience store . morning a can of shoe polish be grab from the shelf . dante dip he finger into the shoe polish and write large letter on the unfurl sheet , lean on the cooler . CUT to : ext : convenience store . morning dante stand on a garbage can and tuck a corner of the sheet under the awning . he jump down . the banner read I assure you , we're OPEN . the door sign shift from close to OPEN . CUT to : int : convenience store . morning the clock read 6:20 . dante lean behind the counter , the morning routine complete . he stare ahead , catatonic , then drop he head in he hand . the day have begin . CUT to : ext : convenience store . day the store , with its makeshift banner loom in the dim morning hour , just after dawn . a car drive by . CUT to : 5 . int : convenience store . day dante wait on a customer ( activist ) buy coffee . dante thanks . have a good one . activist do you mind if I drink this here ? dante sure . go ahead . the activist lean on a briefcase and drink he coffee . another customer lean in the door . customer be you open ? dante yeah . customer pack of cigarettes . activist be you sure ? customer be I sure ? activist be you sure ? customer be I sure about what ? activist do you really want to buy that cigarettes ? customer be you serious ? activist how long have you be smoking ? customer ( to dante ) what be this , a poll ? dante beat I . 6. activist how long have you be a smoker ? customer since I be thirteen . the activist lift he briefcase onto the counter . he open it and extract a sickly - look lung model . activist I would say you be about nineteen , twenty , be I right ? customer what the hell be that ? activist that 's you lung . by this time , you lung look like this . customer you be shittin ' I . activist you think I be shitting you ... the activist hand he something from the briefcase . customer what 's this ? activist it 's a trach ring . it 's what they install in you throat when throat cancer take you voice box . this one come out of a sixty - year - old man . customer ( drop ring ) unnhh ! activist ( pick up the ring ) he smoke until the day he die . use to put the cigarette in this thing and smoke it that way . dante Excuse I , but ... 7. activist this be where you be head . a cruddy lung , smoking through a hole in you throat . do you really want that ? customer well , if it 's already too late ... activist it 's never too late . give that cigarettes back now , and buy some gum instead . ( grab nearby pack , read ) here . chewlies gum . try this . customer it 's not the same . activist it 's cheaper than cigarettes . and it certainly beat this . hand he a picture . customer Jesus ! activist it 's a picture of a cancer-ridd lung . keep it . customer ( to dante ) I will just take the gum . dante fifty-five . activist you have make a wise choice . keep up the good work . the customer exit . dante maybe you should take that coffee outside . activist no , I think I will drink it in here , thanks . 8. dante if you be go to drink it in here , I would appreciate it if you would not bother the customer . activist okay . I be sorry about that . another customer come up to the counter . customer pack of cigarettes . ( look at model ) what 's that ? activist this ? how long have you be smoking ? CUT to : ext : convenience store . day a blank wall . jay step into the frame , follow by silent bob . jay pull off he coat and swing it into the arm of silent bob . jay then throw down with a makeshift slam dance , spin he arm and fake-hitting silent bob . jay we need some tit and ass ! yeah ! silent bob light a smoke . jay I feel good today , Silent Bob . we be gonna make some money ! and then you know what we be go to do ? we be go to go to that party and get some pussy ! I be gonna fuck this bitch , that bitch ... ( Blue Velvet Hopper ) i'll fuck anything that move ! silent bob point to something off-screen . jay ( to o.c . ) what you look at ?! I will kick you fuck ass ! ( to silent bob ) do not that motherfucker still owe I ten buck ? silent bob nod . 9. jay tonight , you and I be go off that fucker 's head , and take out he fuck soul ! remind I if he try to buy something from we , to cut it with leaf and twig ... or fuck shit in the motherfucker 's bag ! some girl walk past . jay smile at they . jay wa sup slut ? ( to silent bob ) damn Silent Bob ! you one rude motherfucker ! but you be cute as hell . ( slowly drop to knee ) I wanna go down on you , and suckle you . ( make blow job neck - jerk ) and then , I wanna line up three more guy , and make like a circus seal ... jay make blow job face down a imaginary line of guy , look quite like a perform seal . he throw a little hum sound behind each nod . he then hop up quickly . jay ewwww ! you fuck faggot ! I fuck hate guy ! ( yell ) I love women ! ( calmer ) neh . a guy come up to they . guy you sell ? jay ( all business ) I get hit , hash , weed , and later on I will have ' shroom . we take cash , or steal mastercard and Visa . CUT to : int : convenience store . day a SMALL crowd gather around the activist as he orate . it have become something of a rally . 10 . activist you be spend what ? twenty , thirty dollar a week on cigarettes . listener 1 forty . listener 2 fifty -three . activist fifty -three dollar . would you pay someone that much money every week to kill you ? because that 's what you be do now , by pay for the so-called privilege to smoke ! listener 3 we all gotta go sometime ... activist it 's that kind of mentality that allow this cancer- produce industry to thrive . of course we be all go to die someday , but do we have to pay for it ? do we have to actually throw hard - earn dollar on a counter and say , " please , please , mister merchant of death , sir ; please sell I something that will give I bad breath , stink up my clothes , and fry my lung . " listener 1 it 's not that easy to quit . activist of course it 's not ; not when you have people like this mindless cretin so happy and willing to sell you nail for you coffin ! dante hey , now wait a sec ... activist now he 's go to launch into he rap about how he 's just do he job ; follow order . ( more ) 11 . activist ( cont 'd ) Friends , let I tell you about another bunch of hate monger that be just follow order : they be call Nazis , and they practically wipe a nation of people from the Earth ... just like cigarettes be do now ! cigarette smoking be the new holocaust , and that that partake in the practice of smoking or sell the ware that promote it be the Nazis of the ninety ! he do not care how many people die from it ! he smile as you pay for you cancer stick and say , " have a nice day . " dante I think you would better leave now . activist you want I to leave ? why ? because somebody be tell it like it be ? somebody 's give this fine people a wake - up call ?! dante you be loitering in here , and cause a disturbance . activist you be the disturbance , pal ! and here ... ( slap a dollar on the counter ) I be buy some ... what 's this ?... chewlie 's gum . there . I be no longer loitering . I be a customer , a customer engage in a discussion with other customer . listener 2 ( to dante ) yeah , now shut up so he can speak ! activist oh , he 's scared now ! he see the threat we present ! he smell the change come , and the loss of sale when the nonsmoker finally demand satisfaction . we demand the right to breathe cleaner air ! 12 . listener 3 yeah ! activist we would rather chew we gum than embrace slow death ! let 's abolish this heinous practice of suck poison , and if it mean ruffling the feather of a convenience store idiot , then so be it ! dante that 's it , everybody out . activist we be not move ! we have a right , a constitutional right , to assemble and be hear ! dante yeah , but not in here . activist what better place than this ? to stamp it out , you gotta start at the source ! dante like I be responsible for all the smoker ! activist the one in this town , yes ! you encourage they growth , they habit . you be the source in this area , and we be go to shut you down for good ! for good , cancer-merchant ! the small crowd begin to chant and jeer in dante 's face . crowd Cancer merchant ! Cancer merchant ! Cancer merchant ! veronica enter and survey the mess . the crowd throw cigarettes at dante , pelting he in the face . suddenly , a loud blast be hear , and white powder explode over the throng . everyone turn to face ... veronica as she stand in one of the freezer case , hold a fire extinguisher . veronica who 's lead this mob ? 13 . the crowd look among themselves . someone point to o.c. someone that guy . the activist carry he briefcase surreptitiously toward the door . veronica ( o.c. ) freeze . veronica jump off the freezer case , training the nozzle of the extinguisher on the activist . veronica let 's see some credential . he reach into he briefcase . she poke the extinguisher nozzle at he , warningly . veronica slowly ... he pull out a business card and hand it to she . she read it . veronica you be a chewlie 's gum representative ? he nod . veronica and you be stir up all this antismok sentiment to ... what ?... sell more gum ? he nod again . veronica ( through gritt tooth ) get out of here . he quickly flee . she blast he with more chemical as he exit . veronica ( to the crowd ) and you people : do not you have job to go to ? get out of here and go commute . the crowd sheepishly exit , one by one , offer apologetic glance . dante try to regain he composure . 14 . veronica watch the crowd disperse , disgust . veronica you oughta be ashamed of yourselves . easily lead automaton . try think for yourself before you pelt and innocent man with cigarettes . the last of the crowd exit . veronica set the fire extinguisher down next to dante . dante be sit on the floor , head in he fold arm . veronica it look like tiananman Square in here for a second . dante be silent . veronica " thank you , Veronica ; you save I from a extremely ugly mob scene . " dante remain silent . veronica ( sit beside he ) okay , champ . what 's wrong ? dante lift he head and shoot she a disgust look . veronica all right , stupid question . but do not you think you be take this a bit too hard ? dante too hard ?! I do not have enough indignity in my life - people start throw cigarettes at I ! veronica at least they be not light . dante I hate this fuck place . veronica then quit . you should be go to school anyway ... dante please , Veronica . last thing I need be a lecture at this point . 15 . veronica all I be say be that if you be unhappy you should leave . dante I be not even suppose to be here today ! veronica I know . I stop by you house and you mom say you leave at like six or something . dante the guy get sick and could not come in . veronica do not you have a hockey game at two ? dante yes ! and I be go to play like shit because I do not get a good night 's sleep ! veronica why do you agree to come in then ? dante I be only here until twelve , then I be go . the boss be come in . veronica why do not you open the shutter and get some sunlight in here ? dante somebody jamme the lock with gum . veronica you be kid . dante bunch of savage in this town . veronica you look bushed . what time do you get to bed ? dante I do not know - like two - thirty , three . veronica what be you do up so late ? 16 . dante ( skirt ) hunhh ? nothing . veronica ( persistent ) what be you do ? dante nothing ! Jesus ! I gotta fight with you now ? veronica who 's fight ? why be you so defensive ? dante who 's defensive ? just ... would you just hug I ?! all right ? you boyfriend be accost by a angry mob , and he need to be hugge . she stare at he . dante what ? what be that ? veronica she call you , do not she ? dante oh , be real ! would you ... would you please hug I ? I just go through a very traumatic experience and I have not be have the best day so far . now come on . veronica stare at he . dante what ? what 's with that look ?! I be not talk to anyone , especially she ! look at you , be all sort of ... I do not know ... stand -offish . veronica look away . dante Fine . you do not trust I , do not hug I . I see how it be . all right pissy -pant , you just go on be suspicious and quiet . I do not even want to hug you at this point . 17 . veronica look back at he . dante ( pleadingly ) give you a dollar ? CUT to : int : convenience store . day a note on the counter next to a small pile of money read : please leave money on the counter . take change when applicable . be honest . dante and veronica be slump on the floor , behind the counter . veronica hold dante in she arm , he head on she chest . Change be hear hit the counter . dante ( to o.c. customer ) thanks . the door be hear open and close - a customer leave . veronica how much money do you leave up there ? dante like three dollar in mix change and a couple of singles . people only get the paper of coffee this time of morning . veronica you be trust . dante why do you say that ? veronica how do you know they be take the right amount of change ? or even pay for what they take ? dante theoretically , people see money on the counter and nobody around , they think they be be watch . veronica honesty through paranoia . why do you smell like shoe polish ? 18 . dante I have to use shoe polish to make that sign . the smell will not come off . veronica do you think anyone can see we down here ? dante why ? you wanna have sex or something ? veronica ( sarcastic ) ooh ! can we ?! dante really ? veronica I be kid . dante yeah , right . you can not get enough of I . veronica typically male point of view . dante how do you figure ? veronica you show some bedroom proficiency , and you think you be god . what about what we do for you ? dante woman ? woman , as lover , be all basically the same : they just have to be there . veronica " be there ? " dante make a male climax be not all that challenging : insert somewhere close and preferably moist ; thrust ; repeat . veronica how flatter . 19 . dante now , make a woman cum ... therein lie a challenge . veronica oh , you think so ? dante a girl make a guy cum , it 's standard . a guy make a girl cum , it 's talent . veronica and I actually date you ? dante something wrong ? veronica I be insulted . believe I , Don Juan , it take more than that to get a guy off . just " be there " - as you put it - be not enough . dante I touch a nerve . veronica I be astonished to hear you trivialize my role in we sex life . dante it be not direct at you . I be make a broad generalization . veronica you be make a generalization about " broad ! " dante this be my opinion base on my experience with the few woman who be good enough to sleep with I . veronica how many ? dante how many what ? veronica how many girl have you sleep with ? 20 . dante how many different girl ? do not we already have this discussion once ? veronica we might have ; I do not remember . how many ? dante include you ? veronica it better be up to and include I . dante ( pause to count ) twelve . veronica you have sleep with twelve different girl ? dante include you ; yes . pause . she slap he . dante what the hell be that for ? veronica you be a pig . dante why would you hit I ? veronica do you know how many different man I have have sex with ? dante do I get to hit you after you tell I ? veronica Three . dante Three ? veronica Three include you . 21 . dante you have only have sex with three different people ? veronica I be not the pig you be . dante who ? veronica you ! dante no ; who be the three , besides I ? veronica John franson and Rob stanslyk . dante ( with true admiration ) wow . that 's great . that 's something to be proud of . veronica I be . and that 's why you should feel like a pig . you man make I sick . you will sleep with anything that say yes . dante Animal , vegetable , or mineral . veronica vegetable meaning paraplegic . dante they put up the least amount of struggle . veronica after drop a bombshell like that , you owe I . Big . dante all right . name it . veronica I want you to come with I on Monday . dante where ? 22 . veronica to school . there 's a seminar about get back into a scholastic program after a lapse in enrollment . dante can not we ever have a discussion without that come up ? veronica it 's important to I , Dante . you have so much potential that just go to waste in this pit . I wish you would go back to school . dante Jesus , would you stop ? you make my head hurt when you talk about this . veronica stand , let dante be head hit the floor . dante shit ! why be we get up ? veronica unlike you , I have a class in forty - five minute . a handsome young man ( willam ) be stand at the counter . veronica react to he . veronica ( surprised ) willam ! willam ronnie ! how be you ? you work here now ? veronica ( lock arm with dante ) no , I be just visit my man . ( to dante ) Dante , this be willam Black . ( to willam ) this be Dante hick , my boyfriend . dante how be you ? just the soda ? willam and a pack of cigarettes . ( to veronica ; pay ) be you still go to seton Hall ? 23 . veronica no , I transfer into monmouth this year . I be tired of miss he . ( squeeze dante be arm ) willam do you still talk to sylvan ? veronica I just talk to she on Monday . we still hang out on weekend . willam ( leave ) that 's cool . well - you two lovebird take it easy , all right ? veronica I will . take it easy . willam bye. ( exit ) veronica bye ( to dante ) that be snowball . dante why do you call he that ? veronica sylvan make it up . it 's a blow job thing . dante what do you mean ? veronica after he get a blow job , he like to have the cum spit back into he mouth while kissing . it 's call snowball . dante he request this ? veronica he get off on it . 24 . dante sylvan can be talk into anything . veronica why do you say that ? dante like you say - she snowball he . veronica sylvan ? no ; I snowball he . dante yeah , right . veronica I be serious ... a moment of silence as dante' chuckle fade to comprehension . dante you suck that guy 's dick ? veronica yeah . how do you think I know he like ... dante ( panicky ) but ... but you say you only have sex with three guy ! you never mention he ! veronica that 's because I never have sex with he ! dante you suck he dick ! veronica we go out a few time . we do not have sex , but we fool around . dante ( massive panic attack ) oh my God ! why do you tell I you only sleep with three guy ? veronica because I do only sleep with three guy ! that do not mean I do not just go with people . 25 . dante oh my god- I feel so nauseous ... veronica I be sorry , Dante . I think you understand . dante I do understand ! I understand that you sleep with three different guy , and that 's all you say . veronica please calm down . dante how many ? veronica Dante ... dante how many dick have you suck ?! veronica let it go ... dante how many ? veronica all right ! shut up a second and I will tell you ! Jesus ! I do not freak like this when you tell I how many girl you fuck . dante this be different . this be important . how many ?! she count silently , use finger as mark . dante wait on a customer in the interim . veronica stop count . dante well ...? veronica ( half -mumble ) something like thirty - six . dante what ? something like thirty -six ? 26 . veronica lower you voice ! dante what the hell be that anyway , " something like thirty - six ? " do that include I ? veronica um. thirty -seven . dante i'm thirty -seven ? veronica ( walk away ) I be go to class . dante thirty -seven ?! ( to customer ) my girlfriend suck thirty - seven dick ! customer in a row ? dante chase veronica down and grab she by the door . dante hey ! where be you go ?! veronica hey listen , jerk ! until today you never even know how many guy I would sleep with , because you never even ask . and then you act all nonchalant about fuck twelve different girl . well , I never have sex with twelve different guy ! dante no , but you suck enough dick ! veronica yeah , I go down on a few guy ... dante a few ? 27 . veronica ... and one of that guy be you ! the last one , I might add , which - if you be too stupid to comprehend - mean that I have be faithful to you since we meet ! all the other guy I go with before I meet you , so , if you want to have a complex about it , go ahead ! but do not look at I like I be the town whore , because you be plenty busy yourself , before you meet I ! dante ( a bit more rational ) well ... why do you have to suck they dick ? why do not you just sleep with they , like any decent person ?! veronica because go down it 's a big deal ! I use to like a guy , we would make out , and sooner or later I would go down on he . but I only have sex with the guy I love . dante I feel sick . veronica ( hold he ) I love you . do not feel sick . dante every time I kiss you now I be go to taste thirty - six other guy . veronica violently let go of he . veronica I be go to school . maybe later you will be a bit more rational . dante ( pause ) thirty -seven . I just can not ... veronica Goodbye , Dante . she exit in a huff . dante stand there in silence for a moment . then he swing the door open and yell out . 28 . dante try not to suck any more dick on you way through the parking lot ! two man who be walk in the opposite direction outside double back and head in the direction . veronica go . dante hey ! hey , you ! get back here ! CUT to : int : convenience store . day a videocassette encase in the customary black box flip repeatedly , hold by a impatient grasp . the impatient customer glare at dante . Dante study a copy of paradise lose , make a strong attempt at not notice the glare . impatient customer ( piss off ) I think that place be suppose to be open at eleven o'clock ? it 's twenty after ! dante I call he house twice already . he should be here soon . impatient customer it 's not like it 's a demand job . I would like to get pay to sit on my ass and watch tv . the other day I walk in there and that sonofabitch be sleep . dante I be sure he be not sleep . impatient customer you call I a liar ? dante no ; he be probably just rest he eye . impatient customer what the hell be that ? resting he eye ! it 's not like he 's some goddamn air traffic controller ! dante actually , that 's he night job . 29 . impatient customer such a wiseass . but go ahead . crack wise . that 's why you be jockey a register in some fuck local convenience store instead of do a honest day 's work . ( toss tape on counter ) I get no more time to bullshit around wait for that sonofabitch . you make sure this get back . the number 's eight - twelve - wynarski . and I want to get a damn movie , too . dante if you will just tell I the title of you rental choice , I will have he hold it for you . impatient customer ( storming out ) do not hurt yourself . I be go to Big Choice video instead . he storm out . Dante lift a ring of key from the counter . dante ( in a whisper ) you forget you key . the half - fill trash can swallow the ring of key . CUT to : ext : convenience store . day another video -anxious customer lean against the video store door . a hapless randal drift by and stop . he glance at the door , peer inside , and give the door a tug . v.a. customer the guy be not here yet . randal you be kid . it 's almost eleven - thirty ! v.a. customer I know . I have be here since eleven . randal ( kick the door ) man ! I hate it when I can not rent video ! 30 . v.a. customer I would have go to Big Choice , but the tape I want be right there on the wall . randal which one ? v.a. customer Dental School . randal you come for that too ? that 's the movie I come for . v.a. customer I have first dib . randal say who ? v.a. customer ( suddenly snotty ) say I . I have be here for half a hour . I would call that first dib . randal ai not gonna happen , my friend . I be get that tape . v.a. customer like hell you be ! randal I will bet you twenty buck you do not get to rent that tape . v.a. customer twenty buck ? randal twenty buck . v.a. customer all right , asshole , you be on . randal walk away . the very anxious customer stand like a sentry at post . the impatient customer storm up . impatient customer you see a pair of key lie around here somewhere ? CUT to : 31 . int : convenience store . day randal dance in , attempt a soft - shoe routine . he see dante and stop dead , midshuffle . dante you be late . randal what the hell be you do here ? I think you be play hockey at one . dante the boss call . Arthur fall ill . randal why be the shutter close ? dante someone jamme gum in the lock . randal bunch of savage in this town . dante that 's what I say . randal shit , if I would know you be work , I would have come even later . a pile of videocassettes be plopped onto the counter , with a single key on top . randal balance the pile of tape on he head . randal what time do you have to stay till ? dante he assure I that he would be here by twelve . randal what smell like shoe polish ? dante go open the sore . CUT to : ext : convenience store . day the impatient customer stop randal . 32 . impatient customer hey-did you see a set of key lie around here ? randal ( as short-round ) no time for love , Doctor Jones ! randal march off . the impatient customer stare after he . impatient customer Fucking kid . the very anxious customer now sit on the ground , next to the video store door . randal balance he burden and shove the key into the lock . the very anxious customer stare as randal enter the store . the door close behind he , only to be hold ajar in a gentlemanly fashion a few moment later . randal smile . CUT to : int : convenience store . day a coffee filter be shove into the metal pan and someone heaps ground coffee on it . we have see this same routine before . dante cross back to he post , as randal enter , toss the key into the air happily and catch it . he pick the cat up . randal some guy just come in refuse to pay late fee . he say the store be close for two hour yesterday . I tore up he membership . dante shock abuse of authority . randal I be a firm believer in the philosophy of a ruling class , especially since I rule . ( furtively ) be the pelican fly ? dante do not screw with it . it make we look suspicious . randal I can not stand a voyeur . I will be back . 33 . randal head toward the walk - in door . CUT to : int : back room . day Pov : vcr a far-away wall be the only thing we see , but mild grunting give away a ascension of sort . randal be head rise into view , as if he 's climb a ladder . he stop and look into the lens . Pov : randal the pelican be a vcr that 's hook up to a surveillance camera . it record quickly . a hand reach into the frame and shut it off . CUT to : int : convenience store . day randal pull a soda from the cooler . randal want something to drink ? I be buy . dante ( o.c. ) no , thanks . randal who be on you phone this morning at about two -thirty ? I be try to call for a half a hour . dante ( o.c . ) why ? randal I want to use you car . he walk by a row of snack and grab one without look at it . randal snake cake ? dante sit in he seat behind the register . randal grab a paper and join he behind the counter . dante you do not want to know . 34 . randal you call caitlin again ? dante she call I . randal do you tell Veronica ? dante one fight a day with Veronica be about all I can stomach , thanks . randal what do you two fight about ? dante I guess it 's not really fight . she just want I to leave here , go back to school , get some direction . randal ( open paper ) I will bet the most frequent topic of argument be caitlin bree . dante you win . randal I be go to offer you some advice , my friend : let the past be the past . forget caitlin bree . you have be with Veronica for how long now ? dante Seven month . randal chick 's nut about you . how long do you date caitlin ? dante five year . randal chick only make you nut . she cheat on you how many time ? dante eight and a half . 35 . randal ( look up from paper ) eight and a half ? dante Party at John k's-senior year . I get blitze and pass out in he bedroom . caitlin come in and dive all over I . randal that 's cheating ? dante in the middle of it , she call I Brad . randal she call you Brad ? dante she call I Brad . randal that 's not cheating . people say crazy shit during sex . one time , I call this girl " Mom . " dante I hit the light and she freak . turn out she think I be Brad michaelson . randal what do you mean ? dante she be suppose to meet Brad michaelson in a bedroom . she pick the wrong one . she have no idea I be even at the party . randal oh , my God . dante great story , be not it ? randal that girl be vile to you . 36 . dante interesting postscript to that story : do you know who wound up go with Brad michaelson in the other dark bedroom ? randal you mother . dante allan Harris . randal chess team allan Harris ?! dante the two move to Idaho together after graduation . they raise sheep . randal that 's frightening . dante it take different stroke to move the world . randal in light of this lurid tale , I do not see how you could even romanticize you relationship with caitlin - she break you heart and inadvertently drive man to deviant lifestyle . dante because there be a lot of good in we relationship . randal oh yeah . dante I be serious . aside from the cheating , we be a great couple . that 's what high school 's all about- algebra , bad lunch , and infidelity . randal you think thing would be any different now ? 37 . dante they be . when she call I now , she 's a different person - she 's frighten and vulnerable . she 's about to finish college and enter the real world . that 's get to be scary for anyone . randal ( suddenly recalling ) oh shit , I have get to place a order . dante I be talk to myself here . randal no , no , I be listen . she 's leave college , and ...? dante ... and she 's look to I for support . and I think that this be lead we relationship to a new level . randal what about Veronica ? dante I think the argument Veronica and I be have be some kind of manifestation of a subconscious desire to break away from she so that I can pursue the possibility of a more meaningful relationship with caitlin . randal caitlin 's on the same wave - length ? dante I think it 's safe to say yes . randal then I think all four of you have better sit down and talk it over . dante all four ? randal you , Veronica , caitlin ... ( lay paper flat ) ... and caitlin 's fiancé . 38 . the headline of the engagement announcement read , bree to wed asian design major . CUT to : int : video store . day randal dial the phone . he hold a list in he hand . randal yes , I would like to place a order , please ... thank you . a mother and she SMALL child approach the counter . mother Excuse I , but do you see videotape ? randal what be you look for ? mother ( smile ) it 's call happy scrappy - the hero pup . SMALL child happy scrappy ! randal I be on the phone with the distribution house now . let I make sure they have it . what 's it call again ? mother happy scrappy - the hero pup. SMALL child happy scrappy ! mother ( more smile ) she love the tape . randal obviously . ( to phone ) yes , hello ; this be r.s.t. video call . customer number four - three - five-zero-two -nine . I would like to place a order ... okay ... ( more ) 39 . randal ( cont 'd ) ( read from list ) I need one each of the follow tape : whisper in the wind , to each his own , put it where it do not belong , my pipe need Cleaning , all tit-Fuck , volume eight , I need you cock , ass -Worshipping rim - jobber , my cunt and eight shaft , cum clean , cum -gargle nake slut , cum bun Three , cumming in a sock , cum on eileen , huge Black cock with pearly White cum , slam it up my too-loose ass , ass blaster in Outer Space , blowjob by betsy , suck cock and cunt , finger my ass , play with my puss , Three on a dildo , Girls who crave cock , Girls who crave cunt , Men alone two - the k.y. connection , pink pussy lip , and all hole fill with hard cock . oh , and ... ( to mother ) what be the name of that movie ? mother ( nearly daze ) happy scrappy - the hero pup . randal ( on phone ) and a copy of happy scrappy - the hero pup ... okay , thanks . ( hang up ; to mother ) sixteen forty -nine . it will be here Monday . silence . then ... SMALL child cunt ! CUT to : int : convenience store . day dante carry a litter box to be dumped . he pause midstrike and lay it on the ice cream chest . dante pick up the phone and look at the paper . he dial and wait . _ 40 . dante yes , I would like to check on a misprint in today 's edition ... today 's edition ... it say " bree to Wed asian Design Major ... no , no ; everything 's spell fine . I just want to know if the piece be a misprint ... I do not know , like a typographical error or something ... a customer come to the counter and wait . he look at the litter box . a black cat suddenly jump into it and start paw around . dante ( o.c. ) maybe it 's suppose to be caitlin bray , or caitlin bre , with one e... I be a curious party ... a curious party ... dante on the phone : dante ... I be a ex-boyfriend ... well , it 's just that we talk all the time , and she never mention this engagement , which be why I be think maybe it 's a misprint ... the customer watch as the cat take a huge dump , lean on its haunch to accommodate the stinky load . dante ( o.c . ) ... be you sure ?... maybe there 's like a vindictive printer work for you ... dante on the phone : dante meaning like someone who maybe - I do not know - ask she out once and get shot down , and he revenge be throw this bogus article in when the paper go to press ... hello ?... hello ? dante hang up . he look at the paper ruefully , shaking he head . he then sniff the air . CUT to : 41 . ext : convenience store . day jay , silent bob and olaf lean against wall . jay " not in I . " that 's what she say . I gotta pull out and spank it to get it on . so I blow a nut on she belly , and I get out of there , just as my uncle walk in . it be such a close call . I tell you what , though , I do not care if she be my cousin , I be gonna knock that boot again tonight . two girl join they . jay oh shit , look who it be . the human vacuum . girl 1 scumbag . what be you do ? jay nothing . just hang out with Silent Bob and he cousin . girl 1 ( to silent bob ) he 's you cousin ? jay check this out , he 's from Russia . girl 1 no way . jay I swear to God . Silent Bob , be I lie ? silent bob shake he head : jay see ? and Silent Bob never tell a lie in he life . girl 2 what part of Russia ? 42 . jay I do not fuck know . what be I , he biographer ? ( to olaf ) olaf , what part of Russia be you from ? olaf look quizzically at silent bob . silent bob ( in Russian ) Home . olaf ( comprehend ) Moscow . girl 1 he only speak Russian ? jay he know some English , but he can not not speak it good like we do . girl 2 be he stay here ? jay he 's move to the big city next week . he want to be a metal singer . girl 1 no way ! jay swear. ( to olaf ) olaf , metal ! olaf make a metal face . jay that 's he fuck metal face . ( to olaf ) olaf , girl nice ? olaf look the girl up and down . olaf skrelnick . jay ( laugh ) that 's fuck up . 43. girl 1 what do he say ? jay I do not know , man . he 's a fuck character . girl 2 he really want to play metal ? jay he 's get he own band in Moscow . it 's call " fuck you yankee Blue jeans " or something like that . girl 1 that do not sound metal . jay you gotta hear he sing . ( to olaf ) olaf , " berserker ! " olaf laugh and shake he head . jay come on , man , " berserker ! " girl 2 do he sing in English or Russian ? jay English . ( to olaf ) come on , " berserker ! " Girls think sexy . olaf ( relent ) da. da. jay he 's gonna sing it . this be too funny . olaf ( in break English ) my love for you be like a truck berserker ! would you like some making fuck ? berserker ! jay ( laugh ) that 's fuck funny , man ! 44 . girl 1 do he say " make fuck ? " jay wait , there 's more . ( to olaf ) olaf : sing ... ( make pot-smok face ) olaf ( nod in understanding ) my love for you be like a rock berserker ! would you like to smoke some pot ? berserker ! olaf bust a crimson metal sneer and cackle deeply . CUT to : int : video store . day randal lean back in he chair , stare up at the tv . the theme to Star Wars play . he stand , point the remote , click the tv off , and ponder . CUT to : ext : video store . day randal lock the door and walk away , while olaf sing for the small crowd . olaf my love for you be ticking clock berserker ! would you like to suck my cock ? berserker ! CUT to : int : convenience store . day dante be tug at a can of pringles potato chip . the can be stick on a man be hand . dante you hold the counter and I will pull . man usually I just turn the can upside down . 45 . dante ( pull ) maybe we should soap you hand or something . man ( strain ) they oughta put some kind of warning on this can , like they do with cigarettes . dante I think it 's come now ... the can pop off and dante stagger back a few step . the man rub he hand . man thanks . I think I be gonna have to go to the hospital . dante I will throw this out . precautionary measure . man it sting a little . dante a word of advice : sometimes it 's best to let that hard to reach chip go . dante step behind the counter . man thanks . the man exit as randal enter . dante throw the canister away . dante do you know that article be accurate ? caitlin 's really get marry ! randal you know what I just watch ? dante I pull a can off some moron 's fist . randal return of the jedi . 46 . dante do not you hear I ? caitlin really be get marry . randal which do you like better : jedi or the Empire strike back . dante ( exasperate ) Empire . randal blasphemy . dante Empire have the better end : luke get he hand cut off , and find out vader 's he father ; han get freeze and take away by boba fett . it end on such a down note . and that 's life - a series of down ending . all jedi have be a bunch of muppet . randal there be something else go on in jedi . I never notice it until today . randal follow dante as he clean up around the store . dante what 's that ? randal all right , vader 's boss ... dante the Emperor . randal right , the Emperor . now the Emperor be kind of a spiritual figure , yes ? dante how do you mean ? randal well , he 's like the pope for the dark side of the Force . he 's a holy man ; a shaman , kind of , albeit a evil one . 47 . dante I guess . randal now , he 's in charge of the Empire . the Imperial government be under he control . and the entire galaxy be under Imperial rule . dante yeah . randal then would not that logically mean that it 's a theocracy ? if the head of the Empire be a priest of some sort , then it stand to reason that the government be therefore one base on religion . dante it would stand to reason , yes . randal hence , the Empire be a fascist theocracy , and the rebel force be therefore battle religious persecution . dante more or less . randal the only problem be that at no point in the series do I ever hear leia or any of the rebel declare a particular religious belief . dante I think they be Catholic . a blue -collar man half enter the door . blue -collar man be you open ? dante yeah . come in . he go to the coffee machine and make a cup of joe . randal you know what else I notice in jedi ? 48 . dante there 's more ? randal so they build another death Star , right ? dante yeah . randal now the first one they build be complete and fully operational before the rebel destroy it . dante luke blow it up . give credit where it 's due . randal and the second one be still be build when they blow it up . dante compliment of lando calrissian . randal something just never sit right with I the second time they destroy it . I could never put my finger on it - something just be not right . dante and you figure it out ? randal well , the thing be , the first death Star be manned by the Imperial army -storm trooper , dignitary - the only people onboard be imperial . dante basically . randal so when they blow it up , no prob . evil be punish . dante and the second time around ...? 49 . randal the second time around , it be not even finish yet . they be still under construction . dante so ? randal a construction job of that magnitude would require a helluva lot more manpower than the Imperial army have to offer . I will bet there be independent contractor work on that thing : plumber , aluminum sider , roofer . dante not just imperial , be what you be get at . randal exactly . in order to get it build quickly and quietly they would hire anybody who could do the job . do you think the average storm trooper know how to install a toilet main ? all they know be kill and white uniform . dante all right , so even if independent contractor be work on the death Star , why be you uneasy with its destruction ? randal all that innocent contractor hire to do a job be kill - casualty of a war they have nothing to do with . ( notice Dante 's confusion ) all right , look - you be a roofer , and some juicy government contract come you way ; you get the wife and kid and the two-story in suburbia-this be a government contract , which mean all sort of benefit . all of a sudden this leave -wing militant blast you with laser and wipe out everyone within a three - mile radius . ( more ) 50 . randal ( cont 'd ) you do not ask for that . you have no personal politics . you be just try to scrape out a live . the blue -collar man join they . blue -collar man Excuse I . I do not mean to interrupt , but what be you talk about ? randal the end of return of the jedi . dante my friend be try to convince I that any contractor work on the uncompleted death Star be innocent victim when the space station be destroy by the rebel . blue -collar man well , I be a contractor myself . I be a roofer ... ( dig into pocket and produce business card ) Dunn and reddy Home improvement . and speak as a roofer , I can say that a roofer 's personal politics come heavily into play when choose job . randal like when ? blue -collar man Three month ago I be offer a job up in the hill . a beautiful house with ton of property . it be a simple reshingling job , but I be tell that if it be finish within a day , my price would be double . then I realize whose house it be . dante whose house be it ? blue -collar man dominick bambino 's . randal " babyface " bambino ? the gangster ? 51 . blue -collar man the same . the money be right , but the risk be too big . I know who he be , and base on that , I pass the job on to a friend of mine . dante base on personal politics . blue -collar man right . and that week , the foresci family put a hit on babyface 's house . my friend be shot and kill . he be not even finish shingling . randal no way ! blue -collar man ( pay for coffee ) I be alive because I know there be risk involved take on that particular client . my friend be not so lucky . ( pause to reflect ) you know , any contractor willing to work on that death Star know the risk . if they be kill , it be they own fault . a roofer listen to this ... ( tap he heart ) not he wallet . the blue -collar man exit . dante and randal remain respectfully quiet for a moment . a angry woman open the door and poke she head in . woman be that video store open or not ? CUT to : int : video store . day randal read a newspaper . a indecisive customer study the two rental choice she hold . she look from one movie to the other repeatedly . indecisive customer ( attempt a solicit help ) they say so much , but they never tell you if it 's any good . 52 . randal hardly stir and continue to read he paper . the indecisive customer half turn to see if she comment be even hear . she try again , but this time with a different approach . indecisive customer be either of this any good ? randal continue to read . the indecisive customer try harder , then louder and more direct : indecisive customer Sir ! randal continue to read . randal ( flatly ) what . the indecisive customer hold up she rental choice . indecisive customer ( politely ) be either of this any good ? randal , as always , read on . randal ( again , flatly ) I do not watch movie . the indecisive customer be a tad flabbergasted , but not put off . indecisive customer well , have you hear anything about either of they ? randal do he level best to not get involved . randal ( read ) no . the indecisive customer challenge he . indecisive customer ( in disbelief ) you have never hear anybody say anything about either movie ? 53. randal ( o.c. ) I find it 's best to stay out of other people 's affair . indecisive customer ( with a new determination ) well , how about this two movie ? ( hold up the same two ) randal continue to read he paper , not look up . randal they suck . the indecisive customer smirk smugly at randal and he paper . she have catch he . indecisive customer I just hold up the same two movie . you be not even pay attention . randal no , I be not . indecisive customer I do not think you manager would appreciate ... randal ( turn the page ) I do not appreciate you ruse , mar 'am . indecisive customer I beg you pardon ! randal ( read on ) you ruse . you cun attempt to trick I . indecisive customer ( defend herself ) I only point out that you be not pay any attention to what I be say . randal ( turn page and read ) I hope it feel good . indecisive customer you hope what feel good ? 54 . randal I hope it feel so good to be right . there be nothing more exhilate than point out the shortcomings of other , be there ? the indecisive customer wear a face that bely utter disbelief in the audacity of this most lackadaisical video clerk . the unmove newspaper illustrate the total disinterest of the news-hungry randal . the indecisive customer shake she head in disgust and throw the movie back onto the wall . indecisive customer ( in a huff ) well this be the last time I ever rent here ... randal you will be miss . indecisive customer ( lose it altogether ) screw you ! she storm out . randal be offended . he hop over the counter and whip the door open . randal ( call after she ) you be not allow to rent here anymore ! randal close the door and stand there , momentarily , totally appal by she exite remark , then shake he head . randal screw I ! he reach behind the counter and grab a ring of key . exiting , he lock the door behind he from the outside , give it a tug to ensure its security , and storm off in the opposite direction from the woman . CUT to : int : convenience store . day dante be stare , open-mouthed , at something o.c. randal hurl the door open and immediately launch into he tirade . randal you will never believe what this unruly customer just say ... 55 . dante ( a hand up to urge he to hush ) wait . randal ( look around ) she 's in here ? dante this guy be go through all of the egg . look . a odd man sit on the floor , surround by carton of egg , all open . he grab a carton from the cooler case , pop it open , and examine each egg carefully . dante ( o.c. ) this have be go on for twenty minute . randal and dante study the o.c. oddity . randal what 's he look for ? dante he say he have to find a perfect dozen . randal perfect dozen . dante each egg have to be perfect . randal the quest be not go well ? dante obviously not . look at all the carton that do not make the grade . the odd man hold a egg up to the light and study it from several different angle . randal ( o.c . ) why do not he just mix and match ? dante I tell he that and he yell at I . randal snicker at he friend . 56 . randal what do he say ? dante he say it be important to have standard . he say nobody have pride anymore . randal it 's not like you laid the egg yourself . dante I will give he five more minute then I be call the cop . I do not need this , man . I be not even suppose to be here today . a smoker step in . smoker two pack of cigarettes . Dante manage to break he study of the o.c. oddity and search for the smoke . the smoker glance at randal and then at the o.c. oddity . the odd man be spin a egg on the floor . the smoker look at randal . randal ( still stare at the odd man ) I be as puzzle as you . smoker ( pay dante ) I have actually see it before . dante you know he ? smoker no , I have see that behavior before . look for the perfect carton of egg , right ? randal ( a bit astonished ) yeah . how would you know ? smoker I will bet you a million buck that the guy 's a guidance counselor . 57 . dante why do you say that ? smoker I be in the food City last year when the same thing happen , different guy though . stock boy tell I that the guy have be look through the egg for like half a hour , do all sort of endurance test and shit . I ask the kid how come nobody call the manager , and he say it happen twice a week , sometimes more . randal get out of here . smoker I kid you not . they call it Shell shock . only happen with guidance counselor for some reason . the kid say they use to make a big deal about it , but there 's no point . the odd man place a handkerchief over a egg on the floor . he quickly whisk the handkerchief away to reveal the egg still sit on the floor . smoker ( o.c . ) he say they always pay for whatever they break and they never bother anybody . dante , randal and the smoker stare at the o.c. man . dante why guidance counselor ? smoker if you job serve as little purpose as theirs , would not you lose it , too ? randal come to think of it , my guidance counselor be kind of worthless . smoker ( grab match ) see ? it 's important to have a job that make a difference , boy . that 's why I kill chiname for the railroad . CUT to : 58 . int : convenience store . day Pov randal : the empty counter and then a little girl come into view , smile and hold money . she can not be any more than five . little girl ( innocently ) can I have a pack of cigarettes ? randal , without look up from he magazine , complete the transaction . the little girl put a cigarette in she mouth . randal hand she match . dante return to the counter as the girl skip away . Dante hold a price gun . dante do you ever notice all the price end in nine ? damn , that 's eerie . randal you know how much money the average jizz- mopper make per hour ? dante what 's a jizz-mopper ? randal he 's the guy in that nudie-booth joint who clean up after each guy that jerk off . dante nudie booth ? randal nudie booth . you have never be in a nudie booth ? dante I guess not . a female customer pop item onto the counter . dante ring she up . randal oh , it 's great . you step into this little booth and there 's this window between you and this naked woman , and she put on this little show for like ten buck . dante what kind of show ? 59 . randal think of the weirdest , craziest shit you would like to see chick do . this chick do it all . they insert thing into any open in they body ... any open . ( to customer ) he 's lead a very shelter life . dante ( indicate customer ) can we talk about this later ? randal the jizz-mopper 's job be to clean up the booth afterward , because practically everybody shoot a load against the window , and I do not know if you know or not , but cum leave streak if you do not clean it right away . customer ( grab she bag , disgust ) this be the last time I come to this place . dante Excuse I ? customer use filthy language in front of the customer ... you should both get fire . dante we be sorry , mar 'am . we get a little carry away . customer well , I do not know if sorry can make up for it . I find you remark highly offensive . the customer stand silently , await something . randal well , you think that 's offensive ... randal flip open the magazine 's centerfold - a graphic picture of a woman with she vaginal lip and anus spread wide open . 60 . randal ... then check this out . I think you can see she kidney . randal check out the centerfold wistfully . dante frantically apologize to the rapidly exite customer . dante ma'am , mar 'am , I be sorry ! please , wait a second , mar 'am ... the customer be go . dante be pursuit stop at the counter . dante turn on randal . dante why do you do thing like that ? you know she 's go to come back and tell the boss . randal who care ? that lady 's a asshole . everybody that come in here be way too uptight . this job would be great if it be not for the fuck customer . dante I be gonna hear it tomorrow . randal you gotta loosen up , my friend . you would feel a hell of a lot better if you would rip into the occasional customer . dante what for ? they do not bother I if I do not bother they . randal liar ! tell I there be not customer that annoy the piss out of you on a daily basis . dante there be not . randal how can you lie like that ? why do not you vent ? vent you frustration . come on , who piss you off ? 61 . dante ( reluctantly ) it 's not really anyone per se , it 's more of separate grouping . randal let 's hear it . dante ( pause ) the milkmaid . randal the milkmaid ? insert : milk handler a woman pull out gallon after gallon , look deep into the cooler for that perfect container of milk . dante ( o.c . ) the woman that go through every gallon of milk look for a later date . as if somewhere - beyond all the other gallon - be a container of milk that will not go bad for like a decade . end insert randal you know who I can do without ? I could do without the people in the video store . dante which one ? randal all of they . montage insert # 1 / video jerk a series of people address the camera , ask the dumb question . first what would you get for a six - year - old boy who chronically wet he bed ? second ( in front of stock new release shelf ) do you have any new movie in ? 62 . third do you have that one with the guy who be in that movie that be out last year ? end insert randal and they never rent quality flick ; they always pick the most intellectually devoid movie on the rack . montage insert # 2 / " ooooh !... " a identical series of customer find they ideal choice . first ooooh ! Home alone ! second ooooh ! hook ! third ooooh ! navy seal ! end insert randal it 's like in order to join , they have to have a iq less than they shoe size . dante you think you get stupid question ? you should hear the barrage of stupid question I get . montage insert # 3 / dumb question a series of people stand in various location throughout the convenience store , ask truly dumb question . first ( hold coffee ) what do you mean there 's no ice ? you mean I have gotta drink this coffee hot ?! second ( hold up item from clearly mark $ .99 display ) how much ? 63. third ( peek in door ) do you sell hubcap ? end insert randal see ? you vent . do not you feel better now ? dante no . randal why not ? dante because my ex-girlfriend be get marry . randal Jesus , you get a one - track mind . it 's always caitlin , caitlin , caitlin ... dante ( jerk head toward door ) Veronica ! dante give randal a shove to shut he up . veronica enter the store , carry book and something cover with aluminum foil . veronica what happen to home by twelve ? dante be suddenly by she side , take the book from under she arm . dante he still have not show up . why be not you in class ? veronica lit 101 get cancel , so I stop home and bring you some lunch . dante what be it ? veronica peanut butter and jelly with the crust cut off . what do you think it be ? it 's lasagne . 64 . dante really ? ( kiss she forehead ) you be the best . veronica I be glad you have calm down a bit . ( to randal ) hi , randal . randal ( o.c. ) ( exaggeratively impressed ) thirty -seven ! dante ( to o.c . ) shut up ! ( to veronica ) yes , I have calm down , I be still not happy about it , but I have be able to deal . randal make loud slurping noise from o.c. dante ( to o.c . ) why do not you go back to the video store ? randal walk past the two , and pat veronica on the head . he exit . veronica you have to tell he . dante I have to tell someone . he put it into perspective . veronica what do he say ? dante at least he be not thirty - six . veronica and that make you feel better ? dante and he say most of they be college guy , I have never meet or see . 65 . veronica the ostrich syndrome : if you do not see it ... dante ... it be not there . yes . veronica thank you for be rational . dante thank you for the lasagne . veronica you could not get this shutter open ? dante I call a locksmith and he say the earliest he could get here it tomorrow . veronica bummer , well , I have gotta head back for the one-thirty class . dante what time do you get finish ? veronica eight . but I have a sorority meeting till nine , so I will be back before you close . can we go out and get some coffee ? dante sure . veronica good. ( kiss he ) I will see you when you close , then . enjoy the lasagne . she exit . dante lean against the magazine rack with he lasagne , contemplative . randal pop he head in and make the loud slurping noise again . CUT to : int : video store . day randal be recommend title to potential customer . 66 . randal all right , now if you be really feel dangerous tonight , then smokey and the bandit Three be the movie you must rent . customer ( study box ) this do not even have burt reynold in it . randal hey , neither do ET ; but that be a great movie , right ? dante open the door and lean in . dante can you come next door ? I gotta make a phone call . randal ( to dante ) smokey Three : thumb up , be I right ? dante the best burtless movie ever make . dante exit . randal give he customer the what - do - I - tell - you look . CUT to : int : convenience store . day the cat lie on the counter . pull back to reveal randal as he ring up a order . the customer pet the cat , smile . customer awww , he 's so cute . what 's he name ? randal lenin 's tomb . dolly over to dante , on the phone . dante hello , be Mr. synder there ? this be Dante ... do he say if he be on he way here ?... here ... the convenience store ... I know , but the other guy call out this morning and Mr. ( more ) 67 . dante ( cont 'd ) synder ask I to cover until he get here . he say he would be here by noon , but it 's one - thirty now , so I ... Excuse I ... vermont ?!... no , that can not be ; I talk to he this morning ... he leave at what time ?... he really go to vermont ?... when the hell be someone go to tell I ?... he promise he be come by noon !... Jesus ... when do he get back ?!... tuesday !... you have gotta be fuck kid I !... I have get a hockey game at two , and the fuck shutter be jamme close , and he 's in vermont ?... I be not even suppose to be here today !! ( deep sigh ) so I be stick here till close ?... this be just great ... I just can not believe ... I be sorry , I do not mean to yell at you ... no ... no , I will be all right ... well , that 's all I can do , right ?... thanks . he hang up . randal join he . randal vermont ? dante can you believe this ?! randal he do not mention it when he call you this morning ? dante not a fuck word ! slippery shit ! randal so , what - you be stick here all day ? dante fuck ! randal why would you apologize ? dante what ? 68 . randal I hear you apologize . why ? you have every right in the world to be mad . dante I know . randal that seem to be the leitmotif in you life ; ever back down . dante I do not back down . randal yes , you do . you always back down . you assume blame that be not yours , you come in when call as oppose to enjoy you day off , you buckle like a belt . dante you know what piss I off the most ? randal the fact that I be right about you buckle ? dante I be go to miss the game . randal because you buckle . dante would you shut the hell up with that shit ? it 's not help . randal do not yell at I , pal . dante sorry . randal see ? there you go again . dante I can not believe I be go to miss the game ! randal at least we be stick here together . 69 . dante you have get a customer . randal walk away . randal ( o.c. ) what ? what do you want ?! dante shake he head in frustration and pick up the phone again . dante sanford ? Dante ... I can not play today ... I be stick at work ... I know I be not schedule , but - just forget it . I can not play ... neither can randal ... he 's work too ... randal come back . dante roll he eye to the ceiling . dante ( get a idea ) wait a second . do we have to play at the park ?... hold on ... ( to randal ) do you feel limber ? CUT to : int : convenience store . day tape be roll around the top of a stick . lace be pull tightly . a orange ball be slap back and forth by a blade . the hockey player fill the convenience store . some sit on the floor or lean against the cooler , but all be either prepare or practice . randal enter , wear he equipment . dante skate to he side . dante ( lift he foot ) pull my lace tighter . randal ( drop mitt and pull lace ) I have gotta tell you , my friend : this be one of the ballsiest move I have ever be privy to . I never would have think you capable of such blatant disregard of store policy . dante I tell he I have a game today . it 's he own fault . 70 . randal no argument here . insubordination rule . dante I just want to play hockey like I be schedule to . sanford skate up and skid to a halt . sanford Dante , let I grab a gatorade . dante if you grab a gatorade , then everybody 's go to grab one . sanford so ? dante so ? so nobody 's go to want to pay for this gatorade . sanford what do you care ? hey , what smell like shoe polish ? dante I have get a responsibility here . I can not let everybody grab free drink . sanford what responsibility ? you be close the fuck store to play hockey . randal he 's blunt , but he 's get a point . dante at least let I maintain some semblance of managerial control here . sanford all I be say be if you be go to be insubordinate , you should go the full nine and not pussy out when it come to free refreshment . randal he 's right . as if we be suddenly gonna have a run on gatorade . 71 . sanford fuckin-a . dante all right . Jesus , you fucker be pushy . sanford hey man , I hear caitlin 's marrying a asian drum major . randal Design major . dante can we not talk about this ? sanford Fine by I . but you be live in denial and suppress rage . ( skate away ; to all ) Dante say we can all drink free gatorade . a laid - back hurrah be hear . randal be you gonna lock the store ? dante I do not know . you go to lock the video store ? randal look who you be ask here . how're we gonna block off the street ? dante we be not play in the street . randal then where be we gonna play ? CUT to : ext : convenience store . day the sign on the door read : temporarily close . be OPEN after first period . the player ascend a ladder adjacent to the door , one by one . on the roof they jump off the ladder and skate around . more player join they . 72 . from across the street we get the full , odd perspective : a store with many man glide around on the roof . on the roof dante skate and pass with another player . redding stretch , lean against the sign . randal pull he mask on and slap he glove , urging a shot . sanford skate in and take a shot , which randal block . jay and silent bob deal to a player : he drop money over the ledge and jay throw up a dime bag . dante hold a ball in the center of the court . dante ready ? player take position . sanford come to the center and hold the ball in drop position . dante and redding face off , and the ball be in play . the game begin as the player engage in a savage ballet . face be smashed with stick , slide tackle be make , shot be take , cu 's of various player include . inactive player call out encouragement and slander from the sideline . more game play include both goaly get score on and more face - off . below , a customer tug on the convenience store door . he read the sign and then back up into the street , attempt to peer over the ledge . above , the game continue . below , the customer shift from one foot to the other impatiently . he grab the ladder and quickly ascend . above , from over the ledge of the roof , we see the head of the customer peek . skate foot pass rapidly before he , and he watch for a moment before call out . customer when 's this period over ? someone ( o.c. ) eight more minute ! customer be you shitting I ? I want to get cigarettes ! dante skid to the sideline . dante ( out of breath ) if you can just wait a few more minute . 73. customer fuck that ! I be gonna break my crazy neck on this ladder ! someone ( o.c. ) Dante ! where be you ?! customer he 's busy ! dante start to skate away . dante I will be right back . it 's almost over . he jump back into the game . customer what the fuck be this ?! I want some service ! dante ( o.c . ) in a second ! customer fuck in a second ! this be ... look at you ! you can not even pass ! dante ( o.c. ) I can pass ! customer how ' bout cover point !? you suck ! dante skid back to the sideline to address the customer . dante who be you to make assessment ? customer I will assess all I want ! someone ( o.c. ) dante ! be you in or out ! customer ( to o.c. someone ) do not pass to this guy ! he suck ! ( to dante ) you suck ! dante like you be better ! 74 . customer I can whip you ass . below , a woman pull at the door . she peer into the store , face against the glass . dante ( o.c. ) that 's easy to say from over here . customer ( o.c. ) give I a stick , pretty boy ! I will knock you fuck tooth out and pass all over you ass . the woman back up and , shield she eye , look toward the roof . woman be the convenience store open ? above , dante and the customer shout down at the o.c. woman . dante and customer ( simultaneously ) no ! dante ( to customer ) there 's a stick over there . you be shoot against the goal . ( to the court ) redding ! come off and let this fuck on ! a new face - off pit dante against the customer . the ball drop between the two and dante get flatten . the customer wind up and take a hard shot . the ball sail off the court , through the air , and into a faraway yard . dante call to the sideline . dante give I another ball . someone ( o.c. ) there be no more . dante what the fuck be you talk about ? how many ball do you bring ? sanford skate up to he . 75 . sanford ( count ) there be the orange ball ... and the orange ball . dante scramble to the edge and call over . dante be there any ball down there ?! jay ( o.c . ) ' Bout the biggest pair you ever see ! nynne !! dante look around , hyperventilate . dante you only bring one ball ?! sanford I think redding have like three ball ! redding ( o.c. ) I think Dante have the ball . dante nobody have another ball ? sanford shit ! dante we get ... what ... twelve minute of game , and it 's over ? fuck ! fuck ! fuck ! fuck !! ( pause ; rub head ) I be not even suppose to be here today ! dante skate off . sanford we still get free gatorade , right ? CUT to : int : convenience store . day dante stand on a ladder , replace a fluorescent light . a old man join he at the foot of the ladder . old man be careful . 76 . dante I be try . old man you know the inside of that be fill with stuff that give you cancer . dante so I be tell . old man I have a friend that use to chew glass for a live . in the circus . the light in place , dante descend the ladder and close it . dante and he get cancer by chew fluorescent bulb glass ...? old man no , he get hit by a bus . dante ( confuse ) oh ... can I help you ? old man well , that depend . do you have a bathroom ? dante um ... yeah , but it 's for employee only . old man I understand , but can I use it . I be not that young anymore , so I be kind of ... you know ... incontinent . dante uh...sure . go ahead . it 's back through the cooler . old man thanks son . say - what kind of toilet paper you get back there ? dante the white kind . 77 . old man I be not ask about the color . I mean be it rough or cottony ? dante actually , it be kind of rough . old man Rough , eh ? oh , that stuff rip hell out of my hemorrhoid . say , would you mind if I take a roll of the soft stuff back there . I see you sell the soft stuff . dante yeah , but ... old man aw , c'mon boy . what 's the difference ? you say yourself the stuff that 's there now be rough . dante yeah , okay . go ahead . old man thanks son , you be a lifesaver . the old man walk off . dante head back to the counter . the old man return . old man say , young fella , you know I hate to bother you again , but can I take a paper or something back there ... to read ? it usually take I a while , and I like to read while it 's go on . dante Jesus ... go ahead . old man thanks , young man . you have get a heart of gold . the old man sift through some papers and a few magazine . he come back to the counter . dante you know , you probably could have be home , already , in the time it 's take you to get in there . 78 . old man can I trouble you for one of that magazine ? dante I say go ahead . old man no , I mean the one there . behind the counter . dante glance over and react . dante the porno mag ? old man yeah . I like the cartoon . they make I laugh . they draw the biggest titty . dante ( hand one to he ) here . now leave I alone . old man uh , can I have the other one . the one below this one . they show more in that one . dante make the switch . old man thanks son . I appreciate this . the old man walk off . we hear the back door open and close , then the front door do the same . randal join dante . randal helluva game ! dante one ball !! they come all the way here ... I close the damn store ... for one ball ! randal hockey 's hockey . at least we get to play . dante randal , twelve minute be not a game ! Jesus , it 's barely a warm - up ! 79 . randal bitch , bitch , bitch . you want something to drink ? ( walk away ) dante gatorade . pause . then ... randal ( o.c. ) what happen to all the gatorade ? dante exactly . they drank it all . randal ( o.c. ) after a exhaust game like that I can believe it . dante ( as randal ) " it 's not like we be gonna sell out . " randal come back with drink . randal you know what sanford tell I ? ( offer drink ) dante I still can not believe caitlin 's get marry . randal Julie dwyer die . dante yeah , right . randal no , I be serious . dante be visibly take aback . dante oh , my god . randal sanford 's brother date she cousin . he find out this morning . 80 . dante how ? when ? randal embolism in she brain . yesterday . dante Jesus . randal she be swim at the ymca pool when it happen . die midbackstroke . dante I have not see she in almost two year . randal correct I if I be wrong , but be not she one of the illustrious twelve ? dante number six . randal you have have sex with a dead person . dante I be gonna go to she wake . randal no , you be not . dante why not ? randal it 's today . dante what !? randal paulsen 's funeral parlor . the next show be at four . dante shit . what about tomorrow ? randal one night only . she 's bury in the morning . 81 . dante you have gotta watch the store . I have to go to this . randal wait , wait , wait . have it occur to you that I might bereaved as well ? dante you hardly know she ! randal true , but do you know how many people be go to be there ? all of we old classmate , to say the least . dante stop it . this be beneath even you . randal I be not miss what 's probably go to be the social event of the season . dante you hate people . randal but I love gathering . be not it ironic ? dante do not be a asshole . somebody have to stay with the store . randal if you go , I go . dante she mean nothing to you ! randal she mean nothing to you either until I tell you she die . dante I be not take you to this funeral . randal I be go with you . dante I can not close the store . 82. randal you just close the store to play hockey on the roof ! dante exactly , which mean I can not close it for another hour so we can both go to a wake . CUT to : int car : day dante drive with passenger randal , they back to the camera . randal you be say ? dante thanks for put I in a tough spot . you be a good friend . silence . then ... randal she be pretty young , hunhh ? dante twenty -two ; same as we . randal a embolism in a pool . dante a embarrassing way to die . randal that 's nothing compare to how my cousin walter die . dante how would he die ? randal break he neck . dante that 's embarrassing ? randal he break he neck try to suck he own dick . absolute silence . then ... 83. dante shut the hell up . randal Bible truth . dante stop it . randal I swear . dante oh , my god . randal come on . have not you ever try to suck you own dick ? dante no ! randal yeah sure . you be so repress . dante because I never try to suck my own dick ? randal no , because you will not admit to it . as if a guy 's a fuck pervert because he try to go down on himself . you be as curious as the rest of we , pal . you have try it . dante who find he ? randal my cousin ? my aunt find he . on he bed , double over himself with he leg on top . Dick in he mouth . my aunt freak out . it be a mess . dante his dick be in he mouth ? randal ball rest on he lip . dante he make it , hunhh ? 84 . randal yeah , but at what a price . silence . then ... dante I could never reach . randal reach what ? dante you know . randal what , you dick ? dante yeah . like you say , you know . I guess everyone try it , sooner of later . randal I never try it . dante glare at randal . silence . then ... randal Fucking pervert . CUT to : ext : funeral parlor . day dante and randal walk up the path to the funeral parlor . dante I know it be a bad idea to close the store . randal listen to you . dante I can not help it . at least when we be play hockey outside , I could see if anyone want to go in . randal nobody 's there . it 's four o'clock on a Saturday . how many people ever come to the store at four on a Saturday ? CUT to : 85 . ext : convenience store . day a massive crowd be outside the store . CUT to : ext : funeral parlor . day dante and randal run from the front door , closely chase by a small crowd of angry mourner . car lock be slam down . the car scream away . the pursue crowd stand in the middle of the street , shaking they fist , throw thing . CUT to : ext : convenience store . night the car pull up and randal and dante get out . absolutely nobody be outside . dante ( furious ) I can not fuck believe you !! randal I be tell you , it be not my fault ! dante you knock the fuck casket over , for chrissake ! randal I be just lean on it ! it be a accident ! dante do anyone ever knock over a casket on purpose ? randal so the casket fall over ! Big deal ! dante her fuck body fall out ! randal so they will put she back in ! it 's not like it 's gonna matter if she break something ! dante ( open door ) just ...go ! go open the video store . 86 . jay ( o.c. ) ( mimick ) yeah ! open the video store !! randal ( to o.c . ) shut the fuck up , junkie ! jay enter the frame , right next to randal . he aim he butt at he and fart . randal lunge for he . dante grab randal . dante ( to randal ) go open the video store . jay yeah , you cock -smoke clerk . dante ( to jay ) how many time I gotta tell you not to deal outside the store . jay I be not deal . a kid tug at jay be shirt . kid you get anything , man ? jay yeah , what do you want ? randal head to the video store . dante enter the convenience store and slide the sign to OPEN . after a few second , the impatient customer ( guy who lose he key ) appear , flashlight in hand , scan the ground . impatient customer ( to jay ) hey , do you see a set of key lie around here somewhere ? CUT to : int : convenience store . night dante rearrange the milk . randal join he . randal let I borrow you car . 87 . dante I do not want to talk to you . randal Fine . just lend I you car . dante why should I loan you my car ? randal I want to rent a movie . dante ( pause ) you want to rent a movie . dante walk away , shaking he head . randal what 's that for ? dante you work in a video store ! they head back to the counter . randal I work in a shitty video store . I want to go to a good video store so I can rent a good movie . customer be you open ? dante and randal ( simultaneously ) yes ! the customer come to the counter . customer pack of cigarettes . ( pet cat ) cute cat . what 's its name ? randal Annoying customer . the customer let it sink in , and then leave in a huff . dante put up cigarettes . 88. dante can you imagine be halfway decent to the customer at least some of the time ? randal let I borrow you car . dante ( calmer ) May I be blunt with you ? randal if you must . dante we be employee of Quick stop convenience and rst video , respectively . as such , we have certain responsibility which - though it may seem cruel and unusual - do include man we post until close . randal I see . so play hockey and attend wake - this practice be standard operate procedure . dante there 's a difference . that be obligation . obligation that could not have be meet at any later date . now rent video - that 's just gratuitous , not to mention illogical , consider you work in a video store . another customer lean in . customer be you open ? dante ( roll he eye ) yes . randal you know what ? I do not think I care for you rationale . 89 . dante it 's go to have to do for now , consider that it 's my car that 's up for request . ( to customer ) can I help you ? customer pack of cigarettes . randal what 's you point ? dante my point be that you be a clerk , pay to do a job . you can not just do anything you want while you be work . customer ( read tabloid ) " Space alien revealed as head of time Warner ; report stock increase . " ( to dante and randal ) they print any kind of shit in this papers . dante they certainly do . two fifty - five . randal so you argument be that title dictate behavior ? dante what ? randal the reason you will not let I borrow you care be because I have a title and a job description , and I be suppose to follow it , right ? dante exactly . customer ( interject ) I see one , one time , that say the world be end the next week . ( more ) 90 . customer ( cont 'd ) then in the next week 's paper , they say we be miraculously save at the zero hour by a koala-fish mutant bird . crazy shit . randal ( eye the customer , annoyed ) so I be no more responsible for my own decision while I be here at work than , say , the death squad soldier in Bosnia ? dante that 's stretch it . you be not be ask to slay child or anything . randal not yet . ( sip water ) customer ( again with the interjection ) and I remember this one time the damn paper say ... randal spit a mist of water at the customer , drench he . the man react violently , attempt to grab randal from over the counter . randal make no move , but remain untouched . dante play block . customer i'm gonna break you fucking head ! you fucking jerkoff ! dante Sir ! Sir , I be sorry ! he do not mean it ! he be try to get I . customer well , he miss ! dante I know . I be sorry . let I refund you cigarette money , and we will call it even . 91 . customer ( considerably calmer ; take money ) this be the last time I ever come here . ( to randal ) and if I ever see you again , I be gonna break you fuck head open ! the customer leave , wiping water from he face . randal salute he . dante ( angrily ) what the fuck do you do that for ? randal two reason : one , I hate when the people can not shut up about the stupid tabloid headline . dante Jesus ! randal and two , to make a point : title do not dictate behavior . dante what ? randal if title dictate my behavior , as a clerk serve the public , I would not be allow to spit a mouthful of water at that guy . but I do , so my point be that people dictate they own behavior . hence , even though I be a clerk in this video store , I choose to go rent video at Big Choice . ( extend open palm ) agreed ? dante ( shake he head ; hand over key ) you be a danger to both the dead and the live . randal I like to think I be a master of my own destiny . 92 . dante please , get the hell out of here . randal I know I be you hero . randal exit . CUT to : int : convenience store . day dante wait on a customer ( trainer ) . he lift the gallon of milk into a paper bag , let out a slight grunt . trainer sound to I like somebody need to hit the gym . dante Excuse I ? trainer I hear you strain when you put the milk in the bag . that milk only weigh about seven pound . dante I do not strain . I sigh . trainer I do not think so . that be a grunt ; a deep inhalation of oxygen to aid in the stretch of muscle . I be a trainer . I know what that sound signifies : you be out of shape . dante I do not think so . trainer oh , I do . you make the same noise when you reach across the counter for my cash . you muscle be thin and sadly underutilized . dante they be not . trainer yes , they be . you be out of shape . 93. dante what be you talk about ? there 's no fat on this body . trainer no fat , but no tone either . you do not get enough exercise . a female customer ( heather ) lean in the doorway . heather be you open ? dante yes . heather ( grab a paper ) just the paper . dante ( to heather ) thirty -fire . trainer ( to heather ) let I ask you a question : do you think this guy 's out of shape ? heather ( study dante ) I do not know . I can not really tell from here . trainer he be . dante I be not . trainer how much can you bench ? dante I do not know . heather ( study dante ) I would say about sixty , seventy - top . dante I know I can bench more than that ! 94 . trainer I think the lady call it . heather my ex- boyfriend be about he height , but he be much bulkier . he could bench two - fifty , three hundred easy . trainer I do about three - fifty , four . heather no way ! trainer ( roll up sleeve ) feel that . heather that 's tight . solid . trainer now feel he . ( to dante ) Roll up you sleeve , chief . dante oh for God 's sake ! trainer see ? you be ashamed . you know you be out of shape . take my card . I can help you tone that body up in no time . get you on a aerobics and free-weight program . a suite man carry a notebook come to the counter . suite man you open ? dante ( to man ) yes. ( to trainer ) I be not out of shape . suite man Excuse I , but have you be here all day ? dante what ? 95 . heather ( still study dante ) he 's get that love handle . dante ( to heather ) I do not have love handle . suite man be you work here at about four o'clock ? dante I have be here since six o'clock this morning . why ? trainer ( to heather ) it 's probably from be around all this food every day . heather oh , I know . if I have to work here all day , I would be bloat and out of shape , too . dante I be not out of shape ! suite man can I have you name please ? dante Dante hick . why ? what be this about ? the suite man scribbles in he notebook . heather you be Dante hick ? oh my God ! I do not even recognize you ! trainer because he 's out of shape . dante do I know you ? heather you remember alyssa Jones ? she hang out with ... dante caitlin bree . yeah ? 96 . heather I be she sister . dante you be alyssa 's sister ? Heather ? heather yep . I remember you get catch in my parent ' room with caitlin once . trainer do you say caitlin bree ? dante yeah . trainer pretty girl , about this girl 's height - dark hair - gorgeous body ? dante yeah ? trainer and you name be Dante hick ? you go to high school with she ? you play hockey ? dante how do you know that ? trainer oh man ! hey , you still go out with she ? dante no , she 's get marry . trainer to you ? heather to a asian design major . trainer shit ! ( to dante ) do not take this the wrong way , but I use to fuck she . dante what ? 97 . trainer while you two be dating in high school . we be talk four , five year ago , back when I drive a tran - be . heather oh my God ! you be Rick derris ? trainer yeah ! dante you know he ? heather caitlin use to talk about he all the time . trainer really ? heather oh yeah . you be the build older guy with the black tran and the big ... dante wait a second ! ( to trainer ) you use to sleep with caitlin bree ? while I be dating she ? trainer all the time . that girl be like a rabbit . dante I ... I do not believe this ... heather ( to trainer ) I still remember caitlin tell we about that time you two go to that motel - the one with the mirror and the hot tub in the room . dante the glade motel ? 98 . trainer Holy shit ! she tell you about that ! ( to dante ) buddy of mine work there . Said he watch the whole thing . they use to film people at that hotel ; nobody know about it . heather she say one time you set up a tent on the beach and you guy do it in the middle of this big rainstorm . dante what ? when ? when do all this shit happen ? trainer hey man , that be a long time ago . do not let it get to you . heather I be surprised you never find out about it , Dante . everybody in school know - even in my class . dante Jesus Christ , what next ? the suite man rip a piece of paper out of he notebook and hand it to dante . suite man here you go . dante what 's this ? suite man a fine , for five hundred dollar . dante what ? trainer five hundred buck ? what for ? suite man for violation of New Jersey statute section two a , number one - seventy slash fifty - one : any person who sell or make available tobacco or tobacco-related product to person under the age of eighteen be regard as disorderly . 99 . dante what be you talk about ? suite man accord to the njac - the New Jersey administrative code , section eighteen , five , slash twelve point five - a fine of no less than two hundred and fifty dollar be to be levele against any person report sell cigarettes to a minor . dante I do not do that ! suite man you say you be here all day ? dante yeah , but I do not sell cigarettes to any kid ! suite man a angry mother call the state division of taxation and complain that the man work at Quick stop convenience sell she five - year- old daughter cigarettes today at around four o'clock . division of taxation call the State board of Health , and they send I down here to issue a fine . you say you be work all day , hence the fine be yours . it 's double due to the incredibly young age of the child . dante but I do not sell cigarettes to any kid ! trainer to a five - year - old kid ? what a scumbag ! heather that 's sick , Dante . dante I do not sell cigarettes to any kid ! I swear ! 100 . suite man the due date be on the bottom . this summon can not be contest in any court of law . failure to remit before the due date will result in a charge of criminal negligence , and a warrant will be issue for you arrest . have a nice day . the suite man exit , with dante try to follow . dante but I do not sell cigarettes to any kid ! hey ! trainer ( take back the card ) forget it . I do not want to deal with a guy that sell cigarettes to a five - year-old . ( to heather ) can I offer you a ride somewhere ? heather sure . how about the beach ? trainer I like the way you think . the two exit . dante , alone , study he summon . he rub he forehead . dante Jesus ! what next ? voice ( o.c. ) Dante ? dante spin , angrily . dante what ? his expression soften . dante caitlin ? CUT to : ext : video store . night jay deal with a customer as silent bob look on . 101 . jay that 's the price , my brother . JOHN yo , I do not have that kind of cash . jay for this kind of hash , you need that kind of cash . JOHN how long you gonna be here ? jay till ten . then I be go to John k 's party . JOHN you be gonna be at John k 's party ? jay ( to silent bob ) my man be deaf . ( yell ) i'm go to JOHN k's party ! ( quieter ) neh . JOHN yo , do not sell all that . ' Cause I be gonna get the cash and buy it from you at John k' . you be gonna bring it , right ? jay the only place I do not bring my drug be church . and that be not till Sunday morning . JOHN yo . I will see you at that party . ( put he hand up to be slap ) I will see you there ? jay ( reluctantly slapping hand ) I will see you there . JOHN leave . jay turn to silent bob . 102 . jay it 's motherfucker like that who give recreational drug user a bag name . ( suddenly spot someone o.c. ) hey baby ! you ever have you asshole licked ? CUT to : int : convenience store . night dante and caitlin be embrace very tightly . we hold on they for a few second , just to let it sink in . then ... dante when do you get back ? caitlin just now . dante my God . I have not see you since ... ( he hug she again ) caitlin Dante . you have get a customer . dante hop behind the counter . a customer pay for something while dante continue to talk . caitlin I just see alyssa 's little sister outside . she be with Rick derris . dante let 's not talk about that . how would you get home ? caitlin train . it take eight hour . dante I can not believe you be here . another customer come to the counter . customer Excuse I , do you have ... 103 . dante ( to customer ) to the back , above the oil . ( to caitlin ) how long be you stay ? caitlin until Monday . then I have to take the train back . yet another customer come to the counter . customer pack of cigarettes . ( to caitlin ) congratulation . I see that announcement in today 's paper . ( to dante ) she 's marrying a asian design major . dante so I be tell . CUT to : ext : video store . night jay and silent bob lean against the wall . jay man , it 's fuck slow . silent bob walk out of the frame , leave jay alone against the wall . he come back a few second later , carry a mini-Walkman with ten - watt speaker . he set it down on the ground and turn it on . House music start play . jay - possess by the beat-break into a impromptu dance , in which he make suggestive and often lewd move . silent bob lean against the wall . CUT to : int : video store . night on counter . caitlin you be just go to lock the store like that ? dante I want to talk to you about something , and I do not want to be disturb . 104 . caitlin you see it ? dante very dramatic , I think . caitlin it 's not what you think . dante what , it 's worse ? you be pregnant with a asian design major 's child ? caitlin I be not pregnant . dante be you go to tell I or just send I a invitation ? caitlin I be go to tell you . but then we be get along so well , I do not want to mess it up . dante you could have break it to I gently , you know ; at least start by tell I you have a boyfriend . I tell you I have a girlfriend . caitlin I know , I be sorry . but when we start talk ... it 's like I forget I have a boyfriend . and then he propose last month ... dante and you say yes ? caitlin well ... kind of , sort of ? dante be that what they teach you at that school of yours ? kind of , sort of ? everyone know about this except I ! do you know how humiliate that be ? caitlin I would have tell you , and you would have stop call , like a baby . 105 . dante how do you know that ? caitlin because I know you . you prefer drastic measure to rational one . dante so you be really get marry ? caitlin no . dante no , you be not really get marry ? caitlin the story go like this : he propose , and I tell he I have to think about it , and he insisted I wear the ring anyway . then my mother tell the paper we be engage . dante how like she . caitlin then my mother call I this morning and tell I the announcement be in the paper . that 's when I hop the train to come back here , because I know you would be a wreck . dante thanks for the vote of confidence . caitlin be I right ? dante wreck be a harsh term . disturb be more like it . mildly disturb even . caitlin I love a macho façade . it 's such a turn - on. ( sniff air ) what smell like shoe polish ? dante and you come here to what ? to comfort I ? 106 . caitlin the last thing I need be for you to think I be hide something from you . dante but you be . caitlin no , I be not . not really . I tell you would I would be see other people . dante yeah , but not seriously . Christ , you be ready to walk down the aisle - I would say that constitute something more than just see somebody . caitlin I be give he he ring back . dante what ? caitlin I do not want to marry he . I do not want to get marry now . I be on the verge of graduation . I want to go to grad school after this . and then I want to start a career . I do not want to be a wife first , and then have to worry about when I '' go to fit in all of the other stuff . I have come way too far and study too hard to let my education go to waste as a housewife . and I know that 's what I would become . sang 's already sign with a major firm , and he 's go to be pull a huge salary , which would give I no reason to work , and he 's so traditional anyway ... dante sang ? his name be a past tense ? caitlin stop it . he 's a nice guy . dante if he 's so nice , why be not you go to marry he ? 107 . caitlin I just tell you . dante there 's more , be not there ? caitlin why , Mr. hick - whatever do you mean ? dante tell I I do not have something to do with it . caitlin you do not have anything to do with it . dante you lie . caitlin look how full of yourself you be . dante I just believe in give credit where credit be due . and I believe that I be the impetus behind you failure to wed . caitlin if I be so nut about you , then why be I have sex with a asian design major ? dante Jesus , you be caustic . caitlin I have to bring you down from that cloud you be float on . when I say I do not want to get marry , I mean just that . I do not want to marry anybody . not for year . dante so who 's ask ? I do not want to marry you . caitlin good . stay in that frame of mind . dante buy can we date ? 108 . caitlin I be sure sang and - Veronica ? - would like that . dante we could introduce they . they might hit it off . caitlin you be serious . you want to date again . dante I would like to be you boyfriend , yes . caitlin it 's just the shock of see I after three year . believe I , you will get over it . dante give I a bit more credit . I think it 's time we get back together , you know . I be more mature , you be more mature , you be finish college , I be already in the job market ... caitlin you work in a market , all right . dante cute . tell I you would not want to go out again . after all the talk we have be do . caitlin the key word here be talk , Dante . I think the idea , the conception of we dating be more idyllic than what actually happen when we date . dante so ... what ? so we should just make pretend over the phone that we be dating ? caitlin I do not know . maybe we should just see what happen . dante let I take you out tonight . 109 . caitlin you mean , on a date ? dante yes . a real date . dinner and a movie . caitlin the Dante hick dinner and a Movie date . I think I have be on that one before . dante you have a better suggestion ? caitlin how about the caitlin bree walk on the boardwalk , then get nake somewhere kind of private date ? dante I hear that 's a rather popular date . caitlin ( hit he ) jerk . here I be , throw myself at you , succumb to you wily charm , and you call I a slut , in so many word . dante what about sing ? caitlin sang . dante sang . caitlin he 's not invite . dante he 's you fiancé . caitlin I offer you my body and you offer I semantics ? he 's just a boyfriend , Dante , and in case you have not get the drift of why I come all the way here from Ohio , I be about to become single again . ( more ) 110 . caitlin ( cont 'd ) and yes - let I placate you ego - you be the inspiration for this bold and momentous decision , for which I will probably be ostracize at both school and home . you ask I who I choose , I choose you . dante so what be you say ? caitlin you be such a asshole . dante I be just kid . caitlin I can already tell this be not go to work . dante I will ask randal to close up for I - when he get back . caitlin where would he go ? I would have think he would be at you side , like a obedient lapdog . dante he go to rent a movie , but he have not get back yet . ah , screw it ; I will just lock the store up and leave he a note . caitlin you be too responsible . but no . I have to go home first . they do not even know I leave school . and I should break the disengagement news to my mother , which be go to cause quite a row , consider she love sang . dante who do not ? caitlin well , I I guess . ( gather herself to go ) so , I shall take my leave of you , but I will return in a little while , at which time - yes - I would love to go for dinner and a movie with you . 111 . dante what happen to the walk and the nakedness ? caitlin I be easy , but I be not that easy . ( she kiss he cheek ) see you later , handsome . dante watch she leave . he then explode in jubilance . dante yes ! CUT to : int : convenience store . night dante look ahead , dreamily , half - spin in he chair . randal enter carry video . randal get to work . dante ( take video ) what would you rent ? ( read ) best of both world ? randal hermaphroditic porn . starlet with both organ . you should see the box : beautiful woman with dick that put mine to shame . dante and this be what you rent ? randal I like to expand my horizon . dante I get fine for sell cigarettes to a minor . randal no way ! dante five hundred dollar . randal you be bullshit . 112 . dante hand he the summon . randal read it . randal I do not think they even enforce this . dante ( point to himself ) live proof . randal I think you never sell cigarettes to kid . dante I do not ; you do . randal ( pause ) really ? dante Little girl . maybe five year old ? randal ( take aback ) Holy shit . that girl ? dante as oppose to the hundred of other child you let buy cigarettes whenever you work here . randal then how come you get the fine ? dante because I be here . randal ( incredulous ) you be lie . dante I swear . I could not make this kind of hell up . randal then why be not you like scream at I right now ? dante because I be happy . 113. randal you be happy ? dante I be happy . randal you be happy to get a fine ? dante no. I be happy because caitlin come to see I . randal now I know you be lie . dante I be not . she just leave . randal what do she say ? dante she 's not go to marry that guy . she go home to tell she mother . randal you be kid . dante I be not . randal ( take it in for a moment ) wow . you have have quite a evening . dante she go home , she 's get ready , and we be go out . randal I feel so ineffectual . be there anything I can do for you ? dante watch the store while I go home and change . randal what happen to title dictate behavior ? 114 . dante this be my way of spitting water at life . randal ( suddenly aware ) hey , what about Veronica ? dante no ! do not bring it up . I do not want to think about that now . let I enjoy this hour of bliss . I will think about all of that later . in the meantime , nobody mention the V word . randal you be a snake . dante in my absence , try not to sell cigarettes to any newborn . randal you want I to bring the vcr over here so we can watch this ? dante I might be leave early to go out with caitlin , in which case you will have to close the store tonight . randal all right , but you be miss out . chick with dick . dante ( put cat on counter ) I will read the book . dante exit . a customer come back to the counter . he pet the cat . customer cute cat . what 's he name . randal peptic ulcer . CUT to : 115 . ext : convenience store . night jay and silent bob watch as dante pass . a small group of burner be poise around the store door . jay carefully write on a large piece of paper , use a thick marker . silent bob hand he the scissors . jay slowly cut the large piece of paper . silent bob hand he the tape . jay snap off a few piece , and plaster the sign to the convenience store door . it be a large word balloon , and it read I eat cock ! once in place , he rap on the window . randal look out , he face adjacent to the word balloon , make it appear as if he be say he eat cock . the small group laugh hysterically . CUT to : int : convenience store . night caitlin enter , carry a overnight bag . randal be watch he porno . the porno be loud and lewd . caitlin stare . caitlin randal grave -scourge of the video renter . randal lady and gentleman , Mrs. asian Design Major herself : caitlin bree ! caitlin you see that article ? God , be not it awful ? my mother send that in . randal I take it she like the guy . caitlin you would think she be marrying he . what be you watch ? randal Children 's programming . what do you mom say when you tell she you be not engage anymore ? caitlin she say not to come home until graduation . randal wow , you get throw out ? for Dante ? caitlin what can I say ? he do weird thing to I . 116 . randal can I watch ? caitlin you can hold I down . randal can I join in ? caitlin you might be let down . I be not a hermaphrodite . randal few be . so what make you think you can maintain a relationship with Dante this time around ? caitlin a woman 's intuition . something in I say it 's time to give the old boy a serious try . randal wow . hey , I be just about to order some dinner . you eat chinese , right ? caitlin Dick . randal exactly . caitlin so where be he ? randal he go home to change for the big date . caitlin God , be not he great ? randal ( indicate tv ) no , this be great . caitlin can I use the bathroom ? randal there 's no light back there . 117 . caitlin why be not there any light ? randal well , there be , but for some reason they stop work at five - fourteen every night . caitlin you be kid . randal nobody can figure it out . and the boss do not want to pay the electrician to fix it , because the electrician owe money to the video store . caitlin such a sordid state of affair . randal and I be catch in the middle - tear between my loyalty for the boss , and my desire to piss with the light on . caitlin I will try to manage . she head toward the back . randal hey caitlin ... ( cautionary ) break he heart again this time , and I will kill you . nothing personal . caitlin you be very protective of he , randal . you always have be . randal territoriality . he be mine first . caitlin ( rub he head ) awww . that be so cute . she kiss he forehead and walk away . the mother and SMALL child ( happy scrappy ) come to the counter . 118. mother ( oblivious of the tv ) a pack of cigarettes . the SMALL child point at the tv screen . SMALL child cunt ! CUT to : ext : convenience store . night randal study the I eat cock word balloon . dante enter . dante who eat cock ? randal bunch of savage in this town . ( recalling ) hey , caitlin 's in the back . you might want to see if she 's okay ; she 's be back there a long time . dante there 's no light back there . randal I tell she that . she say she do not need any . why do not you join she , man . make a little bathroom bam -bam . dante I love you sexy talk . it 's so ... kindergarten : poo-poo ; wee-wee . randal fuck you . the cooler down be hear open . caitlin walk lazily down the convenience store aisle . she look very satisfied . dante and randal regard she curiously . she join they , latching on to dante 's arm , lovingly . caitlin how would you get here so fast ? dante I leave like a hour ago . 119 . caitlin ( regards he curiously ) do you always talk weird after you violate woman ? randal and dante stare at caitlin , confuse . randal maybe the asian design major slip she some opium ? dante could be . caitlin ( hugging dante ) promise I it will always be like that . dante like what ? caitlin when you just lie perfectly still and let I do everything . dante um...okay . randal be I miss something here ? caitlin I go back there , and Dante be already wait for I . randal he be ? caitlin it be so cool . he do not say a word . he be just ... ready , you know ? and we do not kiss or talk or anything . he just sit there and let I do all the work . randal ( to dante ) you dog ! I do not see you go back there . dante be bewilder . 120 . caitlin and the fact that there be not any light make it so ... ( she let out a growl and hug dante ) God ! that be so great ! dante ( quietly ) it be not I . caitlin ( laugh it off ) yeah , right . who be it : randal ? dante ( to randal ) be it you ? randal I be here the whole time . caitlin ( half -laugh ) you two better quit it . dante I be serious . caitlin ( beat ) we do not just have sex in the bathroom ? dante no . everyone be silent . then ... caitlin stop this . this be not funny . dante I be not kid . I just get back from outside . caitlin ( cover she chest ) this be not fuck funny , Dante ! dante I be not fool around ! ( to randal ) who go back there ? 121. randal nobody ! I swear ! caitlin I feel nauseous . dante be you sure somebody be back there ? caitlin ( hit dante ) I do not just fuck myself ! Jesus , I be go to be sick ! randal you just fuck a total stranger ? dante shut the fuck up ! caitlin I can not believe this ! I feel faint ... dante ( to randal ) call the police . randal why ? caitlin no , do not ! dante there 's a strange man in we bathroom , and he just rape caitlin ! caitlin ( weakly ) oh God ... randal she say she do all the work . dante would you shut the fuck up ? ( pause ) who the fuck be in the bathroom ? CUT to : 122. int : convenience store . later the old man' face be serene , almost happy , as he lie on a stretcher . ( same old man who take a porn mag to the bathroom . ) coroner ( o.c . ) who be he ? the body bag zipper be pull close . dante , the coroner , and randal stand around the stretcher - bound body bag . the coroner take note . dante I do not know . he just come in and ask to use the bathroom . coroner what time be this ? dante um ... I do not know . ( to randal ) what time do hockey end ? randal around three or something . dante what time do we go to the funeral ? randal I think four . coroner wait a second ? who be work here today ? dante just I . coroner I think you just say you play hockey and go to a funeral . dante we do . coroner then who operate the store ? dante nobody . it be close . 123. coroner with this guy lock in ? dante everything happen at once . I guess I forget he be back there . ambulance attendant join they . attendant 1 can we take this now ? coroner go ahead . the stretcher be wheeled out . midway down the body bag , something protrude , push the bag up . it be a erection . randal stare at it . dante be he alive when ... caitlin ... coroner no . I place the time of death at about three - twenty . randal then how could she ... you know ... coroner the body can maintain a erection after expiration . sometimes for hour . do he have the adult magazine when he come in ? dante no . I give it to he . randal and the coroner stare in disbelief . dante well he ask I for it ! coroner ( continue ) I can not say for certain until we get he back to the lab , but my guess be he be masturbate , he heart seize and he die . that 's when the girl find he . ( sniff the air ) something smell like shoe polish . 124 . randal ( to coroner ) this have gotta be the weirdest thing you have ever be call in on . coroner ( write ) actually , I once have to tag a kid that break he neck try to put he mouth on he penis . randal look down , anonymously . dante what about caitlin ? coroner shock trauma . she 's go to need year of therapy after this . my question be , how do she come to have sex with the dead man ? dante she think it be I . the coroner stare at dante . coroner what kind of convenience store do you run here ? he exit . dante and randal stare at the floor . randal ( beat ) do you think he be talk about my cousin ? CUT to : ext : video store . night caitlin sit in the back of the ambulance , a blanket drape over she shoulder . a attendant take she blood pressure . the door be close and the vehicle speed away . jay and silent bob lean against the wall . jay eat sugar out of a box . jay I know one of that motherfucker be gonna kill somebody one day . CUT to : 125 . int : convenience store . night a jar of salsa be invade by a large corn chip . once in the condiment , the corn chip resemble a surfacing shark fin . finger poke at it , bring it to life -swim menacingly to and for across the jar . randal ( o.c. ) ( mumble jaw theme ) da-dum ! da-dum ! da-dum ! da-dum ! da - dum ! da-dum ! dante and randal be on a freezer case . randal push this chip around the jar of salsa . dante stare up at the ceiling , oblivious . randal salsa shark . dante say nothing . randal ( as brody ) " we be gonna need a bigger boat . " dante say even less than nothing . randal ( as quint ) " man go into the cage ; cage go into the salsa ; shark 's in the salsa ; we shark . " dante ... you know . randal ( angry ) what ? what 's with you ? you have not say anything for like twenty minute . what the hell be you problem ? dante this life . randal this life ? dante why do I have this life ? randal have some chip ; you will feel better . 126 . dante I be stick in this pit , earning less than slave wage , work on my day off , deal with every backward fuck on the planet , the goddam steel shutter be lock all day , I smell like shoe polish , I have get a ex-girlfriend who 's catatonic after fuck a dead guy , and my present girlfriend have suck thirty - six dick . randal thirty -seven . dante my life be in the shitter right about now , so if you do not mind , I would like to stew a bit . customer ( o.c . ) you open ? randal yeah . randal hop off the freezer case and step o.c. randal ( o.c. ) that 's all bullshit . you know what the real problem here be ? dante I be bear . randal come back . randal you should shit or get off the pot . dante I should shit or get off the pot . randal yeah , you should shit or get off the pot . dante what be you talk about ? randal I be talk about this thing you have ... this inability to improve you situation in life . 127 . dante fuck you . randal it 's true . you will sit there and blame life for deal a cruddy hand , never once accept the responsibility for the way you situation be . dante what responsibility ? randal all right , if you hate this job and the people , and the fact that you have to come in on you day off , then quit . dante as if it 's that easy . randal it be . you just up and quit . there be other job , and they pay better money . you be bound to be qualified for at least one of they . so what 's stop you ? dante leave I alone . randal you be comfortable . this be a life of convenience for you , and any attempt to change it would shatter the pathetic microcosm you have fashioned for yourself . dante oh , like you life 's any better ? randal I be satisfied with my situation for now . you do not hear I bitching . you , on the other hand , have be bitching all day . dante thank you . why do not you go back to the video store ? randal it 's the same thing with Veronica . 128. dante leave she out of this . randal you date Veronica because she 's low maintenance and because it 's convenient . meanwhile , all you ever do be talk about caitlin . you carry a torch for a girl you date in high school - in high school for God 's sake ! you be twenty - two ! dante leave I alone . randal if you want caitlin , then face Veronica , tell she , and be with caitlin . if you want Veronica , be with Veronica . but do not pine for one and fuck the other . man , if you be not such a fuck coward ... dante ... if I be not such a fuck coward . ( chuckle ) it must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do . randal be I right or what ? dante you be wrong . thing happen today , okay ? thing that probably ruin my chance with caitlin . randal what ? the dead guy ? she will get over fuck the dead guy . shit , my mom 's be fuck a dead guy for thirty year ; I call he dad . dante caitlin and I can not be together . it 's impossible . randal melodrama come from you seem about as natural as a oral bowel movement . 129 . dante what do you want I to say ? yes , I suppose some of the thing you be say may be true . but that 's the way thing be ; it 's not go to change . randal make they change . dante I can not , all right ! Jesus , would you leave I alone ? I can not make change like that in my life . if I could , I would - but I do not have the ability to risk comfortable situation on the big money and the fabulous prize . randal who be you kid ? you can so . dante Jesus H. Christ , I can not ! randal so you will continue be miserable all the time , just because you do not have the gut to face change ? dante ( sadly ) my mother tell I once that when I as three , my potty lid be close , and instead of lift it , I choose to shit my pants . randal Lovely story . dante Point be - I be not the kind of person that disrupt thing in order to shit comfortably . dante cross o.c. randal appear contemplative . CUT to : int : convenience store . night dante repair rip dollar bill , taping they back together . jay enter with silent bob and clap he hand . 130 . jay ( sing ) noinch , noinch , noinch - smoking weed , smoking weed ! do coke ! drink beer ! ( to dante ) a pack of wrap , my good man . it 's time to kick back , drink some beer , and smoke some weed ! dante done poisoning the youth for the day ? jay Hell yes , whatever that mean . now I be gonna head over to Atlantic , drink some beer , get rip , and - please god-get laid . ( pull out money ) e-z wider , one - and -a-half . dante one seventy - nine . jay ( to silent bob ) pay the good man . ( to dante ) do not you close soon ? dante a half hour . jay we get off about the same time every night . we should hang out . you get high ? dante I should start . jay wanna come to this party tonight ? there 's gonna be some pussy there , man ! dante with you ? I do not think so . jay listen to you . oh shit . " oh , I do not hang out with drug dealer . " 131 . dante nothing personal . silent bob hand weed to jay . jay I work , just like you . you be more of a crook than I be , dude . dante how do you figure ... hey ! you can not roll a joint in here ! jay ( roll a joint ) relax brother . what I mean be that you sell the stuff in this store at the high price around . a dollar seventy - nine for wrap - what 's that shit ? dante it 's not my store . jay and this be not my drug - I just sell they . dante the difference be you exploit a weakness . jay what 's that mean ? dante you sell to people that can not stay away from a addiction . jay all right . how much be pepsi here ? dante a dollar sixty - nine , plus tax . jay at food City it 's ninety - nine cent , plus tax . dante so . 132 . jay so why do you sell it for so much more ? I will tell you why - because people come here and they be like " a dollar eighty for soda ? I should get it at food City . but I do not feel like drive there . I will just buy it here so I do not have to drive up there . " that 's exploit a weakness , too , be not it ? dante I can not believe you just roll a joint in here . jay hey , man , what happen with that old guy ? dante he die in the bathroom . jay that 's fuck up . yo , I hear he be jerkin ' off . dante I do not know . I be not watch . jay probably see that caitlin chick . I know I feel like beatin ' it when I see she . ( pantomime sex ) come here , bitch ! you like this ? be this what you want ? hunhh ? dante knock it off . that use to be my girlfriend . jay you use to go out with she ? dante we be go to start again , I think . jay do not you already have a girlfriend ? dante Veronica . 133. jay be she that girl who 's down here all the time ? she come here today carry a plate of food . dante lasagne . jay and what - you be gonna dump she to date that caitlin chick ? dante maybe . jay I do not know dude . that caitlin chick 's nice . but I see that Veronica girl do shit for you all the time . she bring you food , she rub you back ... do not I see she change you tire one day ? dante I jack the car up . all she do be loosen the nut and put the tire on . jay damn . she sure go out of she way . dante she 's my girlfriend . jay I have have girlfriend , but all they want from I be weed and shit . ( beat ) shit , my grandma use to say , " which be better : a good plate with nothing on it ... " no , wait . I fuck up . she say " what 's a good - look plate with nothing on it ? " dante meaning ? jay I do not know . she be senile and shit . use to piss herself all the time . c'mon Silent bob. exit jay . silent bob stand there . 134 . silent bob you know , there 's a million fine - look woman in the world , but they do not all bring you lasagne at work . most of they just cheat on you . silent bob leave . dante shut he eye tightly and rub the bridge of he nose with he thumb and forefinger , as if in deep concentration . he suddenly snap he eye open . dante ( nearly surprised ) he 's right . I love she . CUT to : int : video store . night randal have a heart - to-heart with veronica . randal so that 's it . he do not love you anymore . he love caitlin . veronica stare , dumbfounded . veronica and ...he tell you all of this ? randal pretty much . all except the latent homosexuality part- that 's just my theory . veronica I ... I do not know what to say . randal do not hold it against he . he just never get caitlin out of he system . it 's not you fault . it 's dante. ( beat ) I do not know thing one about chick . do you want to cry or something ? I can leave . veronica I be not sad . randal you be not ? 135 . veronica no , I be more furious . I be piss off . I feel like he 's be kill time while he try to grow the ball to tell I how he really feel , and then he can not even do it ! he have he friend do it for he ! randal he do not ask I to ... veronica after all that I have do for that fuck ! and he want to be with that slut ? Fine ! he can have he slut ! randal um , do you think you can give I a lift home tonight ? veronica ( oblivious of randal ) I be go to have a word with that asshole . veronica storm out . randal wait ! Veronica ... I do not think ... randal stare after she . a customer stand nearby . randal ( to customer ) what be I worried about ? he will probably be glad I start the ball roll . all he ever do be complain about she anyway . I be just look out for he best interest . I mean , that 's what a friend do , be I right ? I do he a favor . customer ( see box on counter ) oooh ! navy seal ! CUT to : int : convenience store . night dante be on the ground hold he knee . veronica stand above he . 136 . dante what the fuck do you do that for ? veronica if you do not want to go out with I anymore , why do not you just say it ? instead , you pussyfoot around and see that slut behind my back ! dante what be you talk about ? veronica ( kick he ) you have be talk to she on the phone for week ! dante it be only a few time ... veronica and then you pull that shit this morning , freaking out because I have go down on a couple guy ! dante a couple ...? veronica ( throw purse at he ) I be not the one try to patch thing up with my ex , sneaking around behind you back ! and if you think that thirty - seven dick be a lot , then just wait , mister : I be go to put the hooker in Times Square to shame with all the guy I go down on now ! dante would you let I explain ... veronica explain what ? how you be wait until the time be right , and then you be go to dump I for she ? dante ( get up ) Veronica ... i... it 's not like that anymore ... I mean , it be never really like that ... 137 . veronica kick he in the other leg . dante go down , yell in pain . veronica you be damn right it 's not like that ! because I will not let it be like that ! you want you slut ? Fine ! the slut be yours ! dante I do not want caitlin ... veronica you do not know what you want , but I be not go to sit here anymore hold you hand until you figure it out ! I have encourage you to get out of this fuck dump and go back to school , to take charge of you life and find direction . I even transfer so maybe you would be more inclined to go back to college if I be with you . everyone say it be a stupid move , but I do not care because I love you and want to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you have be in since that whore dumped you , oh so many year ago . and now you want to go back to she so she can fuck you over some more ? dante I do not want to go back with she ... veronica of course not ; not now ! you be catch , and now you be try to snake out of do what you want to do . well , I will not let you . I want you to follow through on this , just so you can find out what a fuck idiot you be . and when she dump you again - and she will , Dante , I promise you that - when she dump you again , I want to laugh at you , right in you face , just so you realize that that be what you give up we relationship for ! ( grab she purse ) I be just glad randal have the ball to tell I , since you could not . 138. dante ( weakly ) randal ...? veronica and have he tell I ... that be just the weakest move ever . you be spineless . dante Veronica , I love you ... veronica fuck you . veronica exit . dante lie on the floor alone . CUT to : ext : video store . night randal exit and lock the door behind he . CUT to : int : convenience store . night tight on randal be face as he step inside . randal Dante ? hand clasp around he throat and yank he out of the frame . dante throttles randal , choke he to the ground . randal throw he fist into dante' midriff , throw he back into the magazine rack . randal jump to he foot as dante come at he again . randal tumble into the cake as entenman 's product scatter beneath and around he . he grab a pound cake and hit dante in the head with it , use the opportunity to scurry down the middle aisle . dante leap at he foot , and randal grab the shelf , knock aspirin over until randal - shriek - spray something in dante' face . dante paw at he eye . randal grab italian bread and smack it into dante' face as he rush he blindly . dante chase he out of the frame . m&amp ; m 's scatter wildly across the empty floor , and the ruckus be hear o.c . CUT to : dante and randal later , out of breath , on the floor . randal sit up against the candy rack , rub he neck . dante lie on the floor , bacon hold against a sort of crush cookie , rip - open candy , break bread , and other damage goods . 139 . randal how 's you eye ? dante ( reluctantly ) the swell 's not so bad . but the fds sting . ( then ) how 's you neck ? randal it 's hard to swallow . they be both silent . then ... randal you do not have to choke I . dante why the fuck do you tell Veronica that I be go to dump she for caitlin ? randal I think I be do you a favor . dante thanks . randal you be say how you could not initiate change yourself , so I figure I would help you out . dante Jesus . silence . then ... randal you still do not have to choke I . dante oh please ! I be surprised I do not kill you . randal why do you say that ? dante why do I say that ? randal ... forget it . 140 . randal no , really . what do I do that be so wrong ? dante what do not you do ? randal , sometimes it seem like the only reason you come to work be to make my life miserable . randal how do you figure ? dante what time do you get to work today ? randal like ten after . dante you be over half a hour late . then all you do be come over here . randal to talk to you . dante which mean the video store be ostensibly close . randal it 's not like I be mile away . dante unless you be out rent video at other video store . randal hermaphrodite ! I rent it so we could watch it together ! dante you get my slap with a fine , you fight with the customer and I have to patch everything up . you get we chase out of a funeral by violate a corpse . to top it all off , you ruin my relationship . what 's you encore ? do you anally rape my mother while pour sugar in my gas tank ? ( more ) 141 . dante ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) you know what the real tragedy be ? I be not even suppose to be here today ! randal ( suddenly outrage ) fuck you . fuck you , pal . listen to you try to pass the buck again . I be the source of all you misery . who close the store to play hockey ? who close the store to attend a wake ? who try to win back a ex - girlfriend without even discuss how he feel with he present one ? you wanna blame somebody , blame yourself . ( beat , as dante ) " I be not even suppose to be here today . " ( whip stuff at dante ) you sound like a asshole . whose choice be it to be here today ? nobody twisted you arm . you be here today of you own violation , my friend . but you would like to believe that the weight of the world rest on you shoulder - that the store would crumble if Dante be not here . well , I get news for you , jerk : this store would survive without you . without I either . all you do be overcompensate for have what 's basically a monkey 's job : you push fuck button . any moron can waltz in here and do we job , but you be obsessed with make it seem so much more fuck important , so much more epic than it really be . you work in a convenience store , Dante . and badly , I might add . and I work in a shitty video store . badly , as well . ( beat ) you know , that guy jay 's get it right - he have no delusion about what he do . we ? we like to make ourselves seem so much better than the people that come in here , just look to pick up a paper or - God forbid-cigarettes . we look down on they , as it we be so advanced . well , if we be so fuck advanced , then what be we do work here ? 142. randal get up , leave dante to contemplate he strong word alone . CUT to : dante and randal silently clean up , back to each other . CUT to : dante place a mop in the corner . randal pull on he coat . randal I throw out the stuff that get break . the floor look clean . dante you need a ride ? randal ( look out door ) get one . just pull up . they stand in silence . then ... dante do you work tomorrow ? randal same time . what about you ? dante I be call out . go to hit the hospital - see how caitlin be . then try to see Veronica . randal you wanna grab something to eat tomorrow night ... after I get out of here ? dante I will call you . let you know . randal all right . good luck with Veronica . if you want , I can talk to she , you know , and explain ... dante no thanks . I will take care of it . we have get a lot of shit to talk about . 143. randal helluva day . dante to say the least . randal do you need a hug or something ? ' Cause I would have no hang - up about hugging you ... you know , you be a guy and all . just do not knead my ass when you do it . dante get the fuck outta here already . randal I be go . I will talk to you tomorrow . randal exit . a second later , he reenter and toss dante the sheet - sign . randal you be close . he exit . dante push the sign over from open to close . dante climb behind the counter . he pop the register open and start count the drawer out . the door be hear open . Pov JOHN : dante count out the register , not look up . dante what would you forget something ? ( look up , surprised ) oh. I be sorry , we be close . a gunshot blast out . dante fly back , he chest explode . he stare ahead and slump to the floor . JOHN walk behind the counter , step over dante be body on the floor , and take the money out of the register . he grab a paper bag and jam the money in it . he grab handfuls of change , shove it in he pocket , and then quickly exit the frame . dante continue to lie on the floor . credit credit end , and the door be hear open . a customer come to the counter and stand there . he wait , look around for a clerk , look down the aisle . customer hello ? Little help ? 144 . no reply . he look around again , and glance at the door to make sure nobody 's come in . then he reach behind the counter and grab a pack of cigarettes . he leave .