the wrestler by Rob Siegel protozoa picture draft 10/14/07 104 N 7th St Brooklyn , NY 11211 718-388-5280 fade in : music : def leppard - '' rock rock ( till you drop ) '' over open credit , a montage of old wrestling -magazine photo . action shot of randy '' the ram '' robinson take on a keffiyeh - wear heel name the ayatollah before 20,000 scream fan at madison Square Garden . the sound of a scream , cheering crowd overwhelm we . over the image , ringside announcers boom commentary : — " oh , my ! Ram hit with a devastating piledriver ! '' — " I have never see a guy get fire into a buckle that hard ! '' — " the Ayatollah take it to the Ram outside the ring ! '' — " Ram absorb tremendous punishment ! how much more can he take ? '' — " wait a minute ... look at this ... the Ram be get up ! " — " he ' 's come back ! I do not believe it ! '' — " suplex ! '' — " powerbomb ! '' — " Randy the Ram Robinson give absolutely everything he 's get ! this be the very definition of heart ! '' — " just listen to this crowd ! the entire Garden , 20,000 people , be on they foot ! '' — " Ram climb to the top rope ... the crowd go wild ... they know what 's come ... '' a photo of Randy stand on the top rope , he bent arm press against the side of he head like ram 's horn . — " uh-oh , the horn be out ... here it come ... '' we freeze on a final image of Randy flying high above the canvas , horn out , poise to crash down on the Ayatollah . — " Ram jam ! light out !! '' over this , the sound of the crowd go crazy . the definitely leppard song ring out as we ... dissolve to : int . east wilmington high school - locker room - night present day . post-match . Randy , push 50 , still with the same long , dyed - blond mane , sit on a bench in the boy locker room of a wilmington , delaware high school . chyron : 20 year later he pull off he purple spandex wrestle tight . lime -green ram 's horn run up the side . they be the same kind of tight as in the ' 80s pic — and may well be the actual same pair . nake except for a jockstrap , Randy take a breath . achy , sweaty , saggy , exhaust . a batter warrior . scar all over he body . despite the rough shape he 's in , it 's clear he 's just give it he all in the ring . he swig down a few pill with a beer . promoter scott brumberg , a heavyset man in a Met jersey with brumberg - 44 on the back , approach . scott brumberg great show , Ram . ya turn it out . ( a little sad ) as always . he hand Randy some cash . Randy count it . it 's not much . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) sorry . I be sure the gate have be bigger . Randy just shrug resignedly . ext . east wilmington high school - short time later Randy , change into he street clothes , limp out of the school , each step labor and painful . wait near the entrance be two fan , both man in they 30 . fan # 1 yo , Ram . think you could ...? fan # 1 hold out a sharpie and a old wrestling program from the ' 80s . on the cover be a shot of Randy wrestle corporal punishment , a heel in a drill instructor get-up . Randy take the program , happy to oblige . fan # 1 ( cont 'd ) I be there . Randy hand back the program . fan # 2 hand he a mini - poster . the fade , mid - ''80s poster feature Randy , biceps bulg , crush a head of broccoli between he fist . across the top , it say '' eat you vegetable , punk ! " fan # 2 ( as Randy sign ) my first match ever be you versus davey diamond at the spectrum. ( nostalgic ) 1985 ... Randy smile a little . he remember , too . he hand back the poster . fan # 2 look fondly at Randy , a part of he boyhood . fan # 2 ( cont 'd ) ( vaguely sad ) you be awesome . Randy nod , a bit uncomfortably . the two fan , mutter thanks , drift off into the delaware night . Randy be leave stand alone , still hold fan # 1 ''s pen . he walk over to a beat - up old conversion van and climb in . turn on the engine . Music start up on the stereo mid-so . music : cinderella - '' don ’t know what you got ( til it 's gone ) '' int . van - short time later Randy be drive . on the dashboard be a old action figure of himself from he wwf day . on the stereo , a different song play , later in the same album . music : cinderella - '' FIRE and ice '' Randy pull into the entrance gate of paradise oak trailer park . ext . paradise oak - randy 's trailer - short time later Randy park in front of he trailer . he get out and head toward it . a dismay look come over he face . randy'' Pov : the door be padlocked . he tug on the lock . tug on the door . no dice . he violently kick the padlock in a moment of rage . ext . randy 's trailer - short time later Randy resignedly climb into the back of he van . int . back of van - later Randy lie on a scrunch - up mattress on the floor , unable to sleep . the van wall be decorate with a mini - shrine Randy have build to himself . Old magazine and newspaper clipping , mini - poster , etc . a few change of clothes lie in a messy heap in the corner . he grab a bottle of pill and pop a few , wash they down with a beer . he close he eye , try to unwind . CUT to : int . back of van - next morning Randy be asleep in he clothes from the night before . he 's stirred awake by the sound of kid yelling and banging on the outside of van . kid 's voice ( 0.s. ) Ram ! he slowly sit upright , massage he pain - wrack knee . every inch of he feel like shit . another kid 's voice ( 0.s. ) raaam ! randy'' Pov : through the front windshield , two 8 - year -old kide , boost by two other kide , be peer in . ext . paradise oak - short time later Randy be playfully tussling with the four kid . he pick one of they up and '' bodyslam '' he . randy ( announcer voice ) oh , my ... look out ! he pick up another one and fake - drop he on he head . randy ( cont 'd ) suplex ! he slam a third one . the kid be squealing with delight . randy ( cont 'd ) tombstone piledriver ! Randy see a car drive up and park by the manager' office . he watch it with interest . randy ( cont 'd ) catch you maniac later ... the kid moan with disappointment as Randy head off . int . manager' office - moment later Randy glare at Len , the trailer park 's manager . randy c'mon , Len . do not be such a fuckin’ ballbreaker . len the manager you will get in when I get my rent . randy you know I be good for it . len the manager sure . you be good for it every time this happen . Randy sigh - groan in frustration . randy can I at least park in back ? Len look at Randy . a wave of pity come over he . len the manager twenty buck . ext . paradise oak - in back - evening Randy sit on a milk crate by he park van . on the ground in front of he be a blender connect to a extension cord stretch to another trailer . he pour a protein-shake packet into the blender . the trailer door open . a woman come out . lighting a cigarette , she look up at the cloudless , starry sky . randy thanks , meg. she give Randy a small '' you get it '' wave . CUT to : ext . shop -rite supermarket - day Randy enter a suburban shop -rite . int . shop - rite - short time later Randy stick he head in a door mark manager' office . randy hey , Wayne . int . wayne 's office - continuous sitting behind a desk be store manager wayne ( 40 ) . he look up at Randy , irk . wayne do we not know how to knock ? Wayne casually click a porn site close on he computer . wayne ( cont 'd ) let 's try that again . Randy step out and close the door behind he . he knock . wayne ( cont 'd ) come in ! Randy enter . wayne ( cont 'd ) oh , hi , Randy ! what can I do for you ? Randy groan privately . he really hate Wayne . randy do you have any extra shift you could throw my way ? wayne what 's the matter , they raise the price of tight ? Randy be not amused . Wayne grab a looseleaf binder . wayne ( cont 'd ) let 's see what we get . Wayne start flipping through . randy pretty much anything weekday ... CUT to : ext . shop - rite - rear loading dock - day Randy , work alongside some mexican guy , lift a stack of box off the back of a boar 's head delivery truck . he carry the box through a rubber - strip curtain , into a walk -in cooler . he put they down and head back out again . CUT to : int . ogden 's gym —- locker room - day Randy stand with gregg , a huge bodybuilder who 's count off some bill . Randy growl with displeasure at the small , liquid - fill glass bottle in he hand . angle on bottle : the label say sustanon 250 . the rest of the label be in spanish . gregg I be tellin’ ya , bro , it 's identical to the german . randy I try mexican sus once . gave I bitch tit . gregg year ago , right ? mexican 's way better now . randy I do not want this . gregg bro , it 's the same . randy I want my german . gregg I do not have any . randy yeah ? Randy step in front of Gregg 's locker and start rooting around . gregg what be you do ? Randy find a bottle with german writing on it . gregg ( cont 'd ) that 's my own stash . that 's my last one . Randy put the bottle of mexican sustanon in the locker and walk off with the german . randy danke schoen . int . locker room - toilet stall - short time later Randy , underwear pull down , plunge a needle into he ass cheek . int . gym floor - short time later Randy be benchpressing . he grunt loudly as he squeeze out one more rep , he spotter urging he on . spotter push it out — you get this ! int . sunsation tanning salon - later a strip - mall tanning salon . Randy breeze in , nodd hello to the front - desk woman , who 's on the phone . randy how ya doin 's , glor ? front-desk woman ( cupping phone ) hey , babe . four 's open . int . sunsation tanning salon - short time later angle on a upright tanning pod . inside the pod , Randy be stand naked , baking under the UV light . int . looking good hair & nail - short time later Randy sit in a chair as a korean lady wear latex glove bleaches he root . his hair be full of plastic clip . randy do not leave it in too long . all that piece break off last time . korean lady okay , okay , no problem . CUT to : int . van - day music : great white - '' once bitten twice shy '' Randy be drive along Route 21 . '' once bitten twice shy '' be blast on the stereo . one hand on the wheel , he bang out the song 's piano riff on the dash with the other . he pass cheetah 's , a strip club . he keep a eye on it as he drive past . the song fade out . he pop the tape out of the deck and toss it on the passenger seat . on it be a messy pile of old cassettes . skid row . métley criie . ac / DC . gun ' not rose . he sift through the selection , one eye on the road . int . van - short time later music : ac / DC - '' back in black '' Randy be still drive . ac / DC 's '' back in Black '' crank loud . he pull into the parking lot of a vfw hall and park . int . passaic vfw hall - cafeteria - short time later a makeshift locker room / staging area . Randy and 20 or so other wrestler stand before the event 's sleazy , tracksuit - clad promoter , nick volpe . 10 . nick volpe listen up , only say it once . Vic Storm , you be up first against d- Day . second , shawn mcpride and funkmaster garry B. slick . third , frankie cirillo and Rob dynamo versus j.t. anvil and the ultimate freak . fourth , teddy brewski and lex lethal . intermission . fifth , samoan savage versus the disco Brothers . Sixth , the irish warrior and vyper . seventh , '' sandman '' Steve sambuca versus Hollywood . last but not least , for the strap , kid loco versus Randy the Ram . get it ? good . volpe walk off . int . cafeteria —- short time later Randy sit alone a table toward the back . he take a roll of athletic tape out of he supplies - fill wheelie TRAVEL bag . he start wrapping he knee and ankle . he do it ina slow , methodical manner . it feel almost ritualistic . int . cafeteria —- short time later Randy be hash out the match with he opponent , a wiry Puerto rican kid whose shiny vinyl pants identify he as kid loco ( 22 ) . randy right there , you post I . hard . I show color . kid loco nod , listen closely , deferential to the legend . randy ( cont 'd ) you post I again . again . ( kid loco nod ) you be fuckin’ whalin’ on my ass . lex lethal ( 0.s. ) Ram . Randy turn and see fellow wrestler lex lethal stick he head into the cafeteria door . lex lethal ( cont 'd ) there 's some chick out here look for you . 11 . randy who ? lex lethal ( shrug ) some chick . randy Ring rat ? lex lethal I do not think so . int . hallway - outside cafeteria - moment later Randy emerge from the cafeteria . a look of pleased surprise come over he face . randy what 's up , kiddo ? randy'' Pov : stand there in a otherwise empty hallway be a plain - ish young woman ( 22 ) . she look at he with a unsmile expression . this be stephanie . randy ( cont 'd ) Long time no see . Randy pull she in for a hug . she do not really hug back . she step back , break off the hug . a brief , awkward pause . randy ( cont 'd ) whatcha do here ? here to root on you old man ? she shake she head no . randy ( cont 'd ) that 's okay — as long as you be not root against I ! she be irk by he jokiness . stephanie be there someplace we can talk ? randy I be on in a sec . stephanie it will not take much of you time . 12 . randy what 's up ? stephanie I be here because ... Stephanie gather herself . this be not easy for she . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I come to make amend . randy amend ? stephanie I be suppose to talk to people I have hurt . Randy be puzzle for a moment . then , it click in . randy ohh ... 12 - stepper . stephanie ( nod ) aa . randy good for you . that 's great . stephanie thank you . I be sure you mean that . randy I do . she smile - nod insincerely . randy ( cont ’d ) so 's that it ? stephanie I need to apologize . randy for what ? stephanie for anything I have do or say over the year . all the anger at you . randy okay ... 13. stephanie like the last time I see you ... I be sorry for what I say . randy ( dismissive wave ) do not worry about it . Stephanie be irk by he lack of engagement . she look at he with suspicion . stephanie do you even know what I say ? randy sure . stephanie what do I say ? randy it be about you mom . and I . ( vague , flail ) like , how I be bad . stephanie you have no idea . man' voice ( 0.s. ) raa -am ! Randy turn and see two meathead fan down the hall , head he way . meathead # 1 whassup , yo ? Randy the Ram ! meathead # 1 give Randy a excited high - five . meathead # 2 we gonna see some action tonight ? randy ( sly grin ) tonight 's forecast call for severe butt-whoopin 's with a 100 percent chance of pain . psyched '' yeah ! '' " 's from the meathead . Stephanie be piss at the interruption . and , even more , Randy 's embrace of it . meathead # 1 could we get a picture ? 14 . randy no problemo . the two meathead flank Randy , they arm around he broad shoulder . meathead # 1 look tentatively at Stephanie , hold up he digital camera . meathead # 1 think you could ...? she coldly take it . stephanie no problemo . she look into the camera . the meathead stick they tongue out and throw up devil sign . Randy flexe theatrically , make he best '' aaargh ! '' wrestle face . Stephanie snap a shot . meathead # 1 take back he camera . he and he buddy pat Randy heartily on the back . meathead # 1 thanks a lot , yo . kick some ass out there . randy you know it , broski ! the meathead excitedly head off . Randy turn he attention back to Stephanie , who 's glaring at he with cold disgust . randy ( cont ’d ) what ? stephanie same shit . randy they be fan . stephanie same old shit . randy I hafta . it 's work . stephanie I be in the middle of say something important and you drop it for the fuck wrestle . 15 . randy I do not ask they to come over . stephanie it 's like I be 10 all over again . randy be we almost do with this ? stephanie this what ? randy this attack . she look at he calmly . sadly . stephanie yeah . we be do . she walk off . hard CUT to : int . the ring - short time later Randy smashing kid loco in the face with a fly drop-kick . kid loco fall to the canvas . Randy strut around the ring , exhort the crowd , soaking up they cheer . distract , Randy do not notice kid loco peel himself off the mat . kid loco sneak up behind Randy and smashes he in the head . Randy go down . kid loco lift Randy up . they be both on they knee , chest - to-chest . kid loco step to he foot , lift Randy with he . kid loco tighten around Randy 's arm , arch he back , press out he chest and ... wham !! he and Randy fly with a lateral drop . Randy 's head hit the canvas hard as he slam down on he back . as Randy writhes on the mat , kid loco head for the turnbuckle . randy'' Pov : kid loco be untying the turnbuckle 's padded cover . Randy , clutching he back , discretely reach into the waistband of he tight and pull out a razor blade . he tuck the blade between two finger in he cup palm . 16 . kid loco head back to Randy . he pick up he by the hair and drag he to the turnbuckle , throw he head - first into the expose metal post beneath . Randy , clutching he smashed head , discretely run the blade along he hairline . no one see it happen . blood stream down Randy 's forehead . the crowd 's electrified . kid loco slam Randy 's head into the metal post again . again . Randy slump over the corner rope . kid loco cockily strut around the ring . kid loco look at this loser ! how pathetic . angle on Randy . the taunting stir something in he . a look come over he , like he 's Bruce Banner about to become the hulk . kid loco saunter back over to Randy . he grab he head for another post smash , but he can xt. Randy 's neck and arm muscle bulge . his neck vein pop like he 's suddenly super - charge . a look of fear come over kid loco . he know the tide be about to turn . Randy reach over he shoulder and grab kid loco by the hair . he pull he in close . randy ( under breath ) let 's go home . Randy jut he hip back and bend over , gain the leverage he need for a throw . kid loco shake he head , begging no . Randy straighten he leg , raise he lower back , and yank down on kid loco 's head . kid loco 's foot fly off the canvas as he head get buried into the mat . he get stick upside down with he foot over the rope . Randy , hold onto the top rope with both hand , thrust he knee into kid loco 's stomach . again . again . kid loco somehow manage to untangle himself from the rope . he scurries away . Randy go after he . Randy hit kid loco with everything he 's get . dropkick . elbow . bodyslam . he pour it on , unstoppable . Randy drag kid loco into the middle of the ring . he look out at the crowd . 17 . randy'' Pov : a trio of fan be chant . trio Ram jam ! Ram jam ! Ram jam !... Randy cup he hand to he ear . the chant quickly spread . whole crowd ( 0.s. ) ram jam ! ram jam ! ram jam !... Randy '' mull '' it over . he look at he laid - out foe . he look at the corner . he head for the corner . Randy climb to the top rope . he look around at the crowd like he 's still undecided . randy'' Pov : the fan be cheer , wild with anticipation . Randy bend he arm , press they against the side of he head like ram 's horn . ( just like in the photo in the open montage . ) he leap . the leap be not terribly high or graceful . he crash down onto kid loco horn -first . kid loco 's whole body convulse . the fan lose it . this be what they want . the Ram jam . the money shot . CUT to : int . cafeteria - later Randy , on a post - match high , sit on a cafeteria table enjoy a beer as a pseudo-medic stitches up he hairline gash . Nick volpe wander over . medic Ram , man , you pop that crowd . Randy smile contentedly . he sure do . nick volpe ( 0.s. ) yo , Ram . get a sec ? Nick volpe come over . randy for you , needledick ? always . nick volpe do you realize what 's come up ? 18 . Randy look at he , unsure . nick volpe ( cont ’d ) May 6th ... Randy rack he brain . he have no idea . nick volpe ( cont ’d ) 20th anniversary of you and Ayatollah at the Garden . randy ( amaze ) Holy shit ... nick volpe I know . time fuckin’ fly . Randy see a excited smile creep across volpe 's face . randy whatcha thinkin’ ? nick volpe two word : re. Match . Randy be instantly intrigue . nick volpe ( cont ’d ) I be do a big fanfest thing down in South Carolina that weekend . I wanna main - event it with you two . randy yeah ? nick volpe Ram -ayatollah ii . 20th anniversary . hundred , thousand of scream fan watch you two make history for the second time . randy think Bob have get back in there ? he 's pretty retire . nick volpe for this ? ( cool , confident nod ) I bet he would be willing to dust off the old turban . 19 . Randy 's mouth be practically water . CUT to : ext . cheetah 's —- parking lot - short time later a spring in he hobble step , Randy get out of the van and head toward cheetah 's , the strip club he pass earlier . man the door be big CHRIS , a huge bouncer / doorman . big CHRIS whassup , Ram ? how ya be ? randy yo , Big Chris . they chummily shake hand . Big Chris pull Randy in tight . big CHRIS ( into Randy 's ear ) hey , can you get I any more of that igf - 1 ? randy what do I look like , some fuckin’ two - bit street dealer ? big CHRIS c’mon , hook a brother up . you get the family discount . randy swing by the mansion . any day this week . big CHRIS you da man , Ram ! int . cheetah 's —- short time later music : birdman & lil wayne - '' stuntin 's like my daddy '' a crowded , not-very - glamorous Jersey strip club . Randy stand over by the bar . the female bartender slide he a beer . randy thanks , hon . Randy take a swig , look around the club . randy ( cont 'd ) cassidy around ? 20 . bartender I think she 's VIP - in’ . Randy , nodd , take he beer and head over toward the stage . he settles in at a open table . on stage : a young stripper ( 22 ) work the pole , grind lewdly to '' stuntin 's like my daddy '' , a bass-heavy dirty South rap song . randy : Randy , watch she , quickly grow bored . he find the stripper , like the song , crude and soulless . int . cheetah 's —- men 's room —- moment later Randy be at the urinal . he flush and head over to the sink . he wash he hand , check he look in the mirror . he primp a little . int . cheetah 's — MAIN room —- continuous Randy exit the bathroom and head back toward the table . en route , he pass a curtain - off VIP room . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) trust I , babe . you be gonna be happy . Randy , hearing this , slow . dude # 1 ( 0.s. ) we say the other one . dude # 2 ( 0.s. ) the redhead . with the belly chain . Randy peek through the curtain . Inside , he see cassidy ( 36 ) , a sexy , tattooe , aging rocker chick in a white spandex dress . with she be six hair - gell , goombah - wannabe bachelor - party dude ( early 20 ) . the bachelor be sit in a chair in the middle . cassidy sorry , guy , she 's on break . 21 . dude # 1 well , I be sorry , but we do not want you . dude # 3 how old be you , anyway ? bachelor you be , like , my mom 's age . stifled laughter from he buddy . other side of curtain : Randy 's anger build as he watch . VIP room : cassidy , try to salvage the gig , straddle the bachelor . cassidy there 's nothing like experience . ( into he ear , seductive ) I have do thing you little fiancee 's never dream of ... dude # 2 yeah , like graduate in 1985 . this crack he friend up . Randy burst through the curtain . randy ( to dude # 2 ) apologize to this lady . everyone be take aback , include cassidy . dude # 3 who the hell be you ? randy you speak to she with respect . cassidy wedge herself between Randy and dude # 2 . cassidy I get this . it 's okay . randy no , it 's not okay . this be definitely not okay . 22 . he turn to the bachelor . randy ( cont 'd ) I guarantee this woman 's 50 time hotter than whatever goombah skank you be about to marry . dude # 4 ( to dude # 1 ) you hear what he just call gina ?! dude # 1 that 's my fuckin’ sister ! dude # 1 step to Randy , chest puffed out . Randy whip around and grab the chair out from under the bachelor . he wield it menacingly at dude # 1 , who backpedal , terrify . Randy make like he 's go to hit the guy with the chair . instead , he fling it at the wall . dude # 2 dude # 1 Jesus !! what the fuck !! the entire bachelor party rush for the curtain . just like that , they be gone . Randy look at cassidy , expect a hearty thank you . instead he get a pissed - off shove . cassidy thanks a lot . that be 200 buck just walk out . Randy be totally take aback . randy I be just try to help . cassidy do I ask for help ? ( beat ) do I need help ? Randy look down , silent and sheepish . cassidy ( cont ’d ) then do not fuckin’ help . randy you be right . I be sorry . ( beat ) I be sorry . 23. cassidy calm down a little . cassidy that 's okay . she look at he with a warm smile . cassidy ( cont ’d ) good to see ya , man . CUT to : int . cheetah 's —- short time later music : khia - '' my neck , my back '' Randy be get a lapdance from cassidy . she plant she hand against the mirrore wall behind he , she body just inch from he face . randy we be talk one of the historic match in history . 20,000 people . another million and a half watch at home on pay-per-view . she turn , give he a nice view of she writhe behind . on the small of she back be a ac / DC tattoo . randy ( cont 'd ) we be go back and forth , just killin’ each other for a half hour . any wrestle fan , they know all about it . cassidy million and a half ? shit . randy yeah , it be big . so a rematch ... ( smile , contemplate the prospect ) History all over again . cassidy turn around again . Randy look she body up and down , savore she curve as she dance just for he . randy ( cont 'd ) goddamn you be smokin’ . cassidy smile a little . this make she feel good . 24 . '' my neck my back '' end . cassidy pull back on she dress and casually sit down next to he . a new song come on . music : pitbull - '' una mano lava LA otra '' they look toward the stage , where a puerto rican stripper shake she ass to the staccato , abrasive Latin rap song . randy ( cont 'd ) who know . I put on a good show ... cassidy nod supportively , sincerely . randy ( cont 'd ) could be the thing that get I back on top . cassidy you never know who 's in that crowd . a alarm look come over cassidy 's face . cassidy ( cont 'd ) Jesus . Randy follow she eye to he hairline . cassidy ( cont ’d ) you be bleed . a small amount of blood be trickle down from he stitches . he grab a cocktail napkin and casually dab it . randy get cut tonight . cassidy you okay ? randy ah , it 's nothing . cassidy ( small chuckle ) and they say wrestle 's fake . Randy proudly hold out he arm . randy how 's this for fake ? cassidy 's Pov : a long-ish scar on Randy 's bicep . 25 . cassidy what 's that from ? randy 1986 . Denver coliseum . billy Bob banjo hit I with he two - by-four . loose nail tore the bicep open . cassidy ow. fuck . randy I get even better . he pull down he shirt collar , revealing a nasty collarbone scar . randy ( cont 'd ) 1988 . Orlando Arena . Mr. magnificent toss I out of the ring . land on my shoulder , clavicle snap in half . cassidy do not it hurt ? randy ( blissful ) not when they be go crazy for you ... cassidy stand up and straddle he , gaze soulfully at the scar . cassidy '' he be pierce for we transgression , he be crush for we iniquity . the punishment that bring we peace be upon him , and by his wound we be heal . '' Randy contemplate the quote . he like it . randy what 's that ? cassidy it 's from '' Passion of the Christ '' . ( beat ) you never see it ? Randy shrug no . 26 . cassidy ( cont ’d ) dude , you gotta . it 's amazing . she sit down next to he again . cassidy ( cont ’d ) it 's , like , so inspiring . they throw everything at him . whip , arrow , rock ... just beat the live fuck out of him for the whole two hour . and he just take it . randy huh . i’1l have to check it out . cassidy lightly trace a finger along Randy 's bicep scar . cassidy the sacrificial Ram ... the pitbull song end . a new song begin . music : motley crue - '' girl girl girl '' cassidy ( cont ’d ) ah , shit . club d.j. ( 0.s. ) and now , please welcome to the cheetah 's stage ... cassidy stand up . club d.j. ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) .-- the lovely cassidy ! Randy reach into a pocket and pull out some bill . randy what do I owe ? cassidy just gimme for three . Randy peel off three $ 20 and hand they to she . cassidy ( cont ’d ) you x11 wait ' till I be do ? Randy just smile . she give he a small peck on the cheek and head off . 27 . the stage : cassidy burst onto the stage . she own it with rock and 's roll energy . on randy : angle on Randy 's face as he enjoy the dance . CUT to : int . van —- day Randy be drive over the throgs neck Bridge . ext . residential STREET - short time later the van pull up to a two - family house in work - class queen . out step lex lethal ( from the passaic vfw show ) . int . van - short time later Randy head down a highway entrance ramp , lex lethal riding shotgun . lex lethal thanks for the lift , bro . randy no prob . you be right on the way . Randy merge into traffic on the Long Island Expressway . randy ( cont 'd ) so how big 's this place ? lex lethal Nice . two , two -fifty ... ( beat ) you be there . the ricky whipsaw memorial benefit . randy ( pleased ) that place ? lex lethal should get a good gate . difusco say he 's get like 20 call last two day alone . 28 . Randy chuckle cynically . randy God bless hardcore ... int . dollar tree - short time later a Long Island strip - mall 99 - cent store . Randy and lex browse a aisle . Randy be hold a tin cake pan . he bang it against he forehead , testing it out . it make a loud clang . randy whatcha think ? lex take the pan , testing it against he own head . lex lethal Cookie trays be better . lex spot something exciting on another shelf . lex lethal ( cont 'd ) Hell , yeah . he grab a pack of steel - wool pad . Randy nod in approval . lex toss they into the shopping basket Randy be hold . angle on basket . it 's full of all sort of '' supplies '' : cookie trays , lightbulb , thumbtack , cheese grater , wire hanger , cutlery set , pizza cutter , etc . randy let 's see if they get extension cord . they head off in search . int . NORTH babylon community CENTER - gym - later music : ac / DC - '' if you want blood ( you got it ) '' Randy stand behind a curtain as he entrance song play . he sneak a peek through it . randy'' Pov : a rowdy crowd of about 150 fill a community - CENTER gym . the vibe of the crowd be a bit rougher than previous event . a banner on the wall read echw - east coast hardcore wrestling . press against the outside of the ring be a folding table and a 12 - foot metal ladder . 29 . the ring : a announcer stand with a microphone . announcer lady and gentleman ... behind the curtain : Randy stand quiet and peaceful , head lower slightly . announcer ( 0.s . ) from Elizabeth , New Jersey , weigh in at 218 pound ... the former wwf superstar and wrestle legend ... the one , the only ... ( beat ) Randy '' the Ram '' robinnnnsonnnnn ! the gym : Randy explode into the gym , full of fire and showmanship . he do a lap around the outside of the ring . his hand be raise high in the air , index finger and pinky curl into a set of ram 's horn . fan do the same . kid rush toward Randy , reach out for high five . he oblige as many as he possibly can . fan hold out folding chair in front of he . ( just like in the open montage . ) he '' ram '' each one with he forehead . ac / DC if you want blood , you get it !/ if you want blood , you get it ! he do a lap around the perimeter of the ring , enthusiastically head - but chair the whole way . ac / DC ( cont 'd ) blood on the street , blood on the rock / blood in the gutter , every last drop / if you want blood , you get it !! Randy climb into the ring . he do a few neck roll and knee bend , limbering up . the song fade down . a new song rise ... music : celtic frost - '' domain of decay '' 30 . Ugly , plodd hardcore death metal . announcer and he opponent : from hampton , Virginia , weigh in at 295 pound ... the boo begin to rain down . announcer ( cont ’d ) hellbilly cannibaaaal ! through the curtain , hellbilly cannibal emerge . a huge , overall - clad , mangy , wild - eye masochist . crumb cling to he scraggly beard . he 's drag a heavy canvas sack . a teenager in the crowd hold up a sign read hellbilly cannibal suck a fat dick . hellbilly cannibal climb into the ring with he sack and a fold chair . he head to the center of the ring , where Randy await . they sit down on chair face each other . under hellbilly cannibal 's chair be he canvas sack . under Randy 's be he dollar Tree plastic shopping bag . hellbilly cannibal punch Randy . Randy punch hellbilly cannibal . they take turn punch each other , each shot a little harder than the last . it 's like a violent game of '' slap '' . after a stretch of this , hellbilly cannibal reach into he sack and pull out a can of bug spray . he sprays it in Randy 's face . Randy fall off he chair . he stagger around the ring clutching he face , howling in agony . hellbilly cannibal smashes the blind Randy over the head with he chair . Randy fall to he knee . hellbilly cannibal reach into he sack and pull out a fluorescent light tube . wield it like a bat , he smack randy in the face . the tube explode with a pop . grabbing a fold chair , hellbilly cannibal charge toward Randy . he take a fly leap , riding the chair like a boogie board . just as he 's about to crash down on Randy , Randy roll out of the way . hellbilly cannibal 's spine get a violent jolt as the chair hit the mat . Randy reach into he dollar Tree bag and pull out a aluminum cookie tray . he smack hellbilly cannibal in the face with it . the tray make a awesomely loud metallic clang . Randy hit he a bunch more time . 31 . Randy be start to get wind . his heart beat faster . he pick up hellbilly cannibal and fling he toward the rope . hellbilly cannibal , bounce off , duck Randy 's await forearm . he bounce off the opposite rope and crash into Randy knee -first . hellbilly cannibal grab Randy by the hair and smashes he face into the corner post . he scoops he up and flip he over the top rope , out of the ring . Randy land hard on the concrete floor . hellbilly cannibal hop out of the ring with the fold chair . he whale randy in the face with it . Randy stumble backwards toward the metal barricade between the ring and the fan . hellbilly cannibal kick he in the chest . Randy flip over the barricade , into the crowd . fan scatter in a exhilated panic . hellbilly cannibal throw Randy into a row of empty chair . Randy go sprawling . chair fly everywhere . Randy get up . his heart be beat loud . fast . Randy , daze , head toward the snack - bar area . hellbilly cannibal follow after he . Randy grab a metal garbage can and whip around with it , smack hellbilly cannibal square in the face . hellbilly cannibal go down . Randy shake out the can 's content over hellbilly cannibal , shower he in trash . he shove hellbilly cannibal 's head into the can and fall on it , ass -first . Randy grab the ladder rest along the base of the ring . he pound the garbage can with it , make a unholy racket . with the can still over he head , hellbilly cannibal rise to he foot . he headbutt randy with the can . Randy , stumbling around , get headbutted again . hellbilly cannibal throw off the can and drag Randy back to the ring by he hair , carry the ladder in he other hand . plopp Randy down on the mat , hellbilly cannibal set up the ladder in the middle of the ring . he head back out and grab the fold table , set it up by the ladder . he reach into Randy 's dollar Tree bag and pull out a BOX of thumbtacks . he scatter the tack all over the table . hellbilly cannibal grab Randy and pull he up the ladder with he . they stand at the top , perch high above the table . just as hellbilly cannibal be about to push off , Randy surprise he with a vicious head - butt . hellbilly cannibal be catch totally off guard . Randy headbutt he again . Randy grab hellbilly cannibal and push off . 32 . in mid-air , Randy do a 180 twist , cause hellbilly cannibal to crash through the table with Randy on top of he . hellbilly cannibal roll around the mat in a daze , he back bloody and cover with tack . he stagger to he foot . Randy hit he with a dropkick . Randy 's heartbeat be deafening . all other sound drop out . Randy pull hellbilly cannibal off the mat . as he gear up for another dropkick , he knee buckle . a look come over he face . he drop to he knee , one hand on the mat . Randy grab he arm . he massage it . he flop over , clutching he chest . he lie on he back gasp for breath , suck at the air . randy'' Pov : the fan be unaware anything be wrong . they assume it 's part of the act . hellbilly cannibal see a look of fear in Randy 's eye . he know this be real . he look out at the crowd . hellbilly cannibal be there a doctor ? few fan look around . most of they still think this be a gag . among that who sense it 's real be jerry difusco , the event 's promoter . he climb into the ring . kneel over Randy . jerry difusco Randy . you okay ? Randy be gasp . difusco turn to hellbilly cannibal . jerry difusco ( cont 'd ) call 911 . lex lethal and some of the other wrestler climb into the ring . they huddle around Randy . jerry difusco ( cont ’d ) let 's get he up . with no small effort , they lift Randy . they carry he to the rope . they slow , unsure how best to get he through . lex lethal put he down . they lower he to the mat . lex hop out of the ring and grab Randy 's ankle . 33 . several of the other guy hop out of the ring , support Randy 's underside as they carefully , awkwardly pull he out . by now , the crowd realize this be real . they surge forward as difusco and the wrestler carry Randy toward the exit . jerry difusco get back , get back , get back . int . hallway - continuous Randy be carry down a long hallway , trail by curious and concerned fan . lex be close to Randy 's head . lex lethal you be okay , buddy . hang on . they reach a door and enter . the wrestler hold Randy 's foot shut it behind they . int . locker room / staging area - short time later Randy lie on a table , he eye roll back in he head . lex squeeze he hand , try to keep he conscious . lex lethal stay with we , bro . help 's come . ems worker come rush in . fade to black . int . suffolk county hospital - post - op recovery room - night Randy lie unconscious . there 's a breathing tube in he mouth and another tube go through he chest wall . he 's hook up to a mechanical ventilator . fade to black . int . post - op recovery room - next day Randy lie asleep . the breathe tube be out . the chest tube be still in . his eye slowly open . he look around , disorient . woozy . confused by all the wire on he , he start pulling thing off . monitor beep . nurse rush into the room , calming he down as they try to reattach the wire . 34 . he faint . int . randy 's room - next day Randy , transfer to a regular hospital room , be watch '' all my Children '' on the wall - mount tv . the chest tube be out , in its place a large bandage . man' voice ( 0.s. ) ( slight indian accent ) Mr. ramovic . Randy look up . dr . tarachandani ( 40 ) enter the room . randy call I Randy . the doctor , nodd , look down Randy 's folder . randy ( cont 'd ) so how we lookin’ , doc ? dr . tarachandani a lot better than before the bypass . randy great . so I be all good . from the doctor 's face , it 's not quite that simple . dr . tarachandant you heart ... you be go to have to start take much better care of it . randy like ... dr . tarachandani for starter , you must take you medication every day . randy I could handle that . dr . tarachandani no smoking . ( Randy nod ) and no cocaine . 35 . randy ( defensive , offended ) I do not do coke . dr . tarachandani it 's all over you blood work . randy ( sheepish , bust ) maybe once in a while . dr . tarachandani well , it have to be never . Randy give he a reluctant nod . dr . tarachandani ( cont ’d ) as for exercise , it 's still okay , as long as it 's moderate . randy so , like , wrestle ... dr . tarachandani not a good idea . randy what if I do it moderate ? I could hold back on certain move . there 's always way to fake — dr . tarachandani Mr. ramovic ... randy ( edgy glare ) Randy . dr . tarachandani Randy , a man with you heart should not be fly around a ring crash into people . Randy 's nostril flare . randy with all due respect , dr... ( read name tag , mispronounce ) ..- trachanani , I would like a second opinion on that . 36 . dr . tarachandani of course . but I promise you , any doctor I show you file would say the same thing . Randy let out a skeptical , sarcastic snort . dr . tarachandani ( cont ’d ) you almost die . the next time , you will not be so lucky . randy I want a second opinion . dr . tarachandani you heart 's be through a lot . even before the heart attack , it be significantly — randy I want a second opinion . ( beat ) I want a second opinion . int . suffolk county hospital - admission desk - morning Randy be check out of the hospital . admission -desk woman this be you copy . the admission - desk woman hand he some paperwork . he fold it up and stuff it in a pocket . admission -desk woman ( cont ’d ) this be leave for you . she hand he a plain white envelope . Randy open it . Inside be a note : you earned it dude ... you a warrior ! rest up , feel better . — jerry difusco ps ... if you up by the 23rd , I got something in yonkers Randy look into the envelope again and pull out $ 300 . he look at the money , chuckle ironically . it 's he biggest payday in year . he tuck it in a pocket . admission -desk woman ( cont ’d ) you have somebody pick you up ? 37 . randy yeah . ext . suffolk county hospital - short time later Randy step out of the hospital into the bright light of day . he squint , he eye adjust . he stand there look around , a lose animal . ext . NORTH babylon community CENTER - parking lot - short time later a cab pull up to Randy 's van , still park in the community center 's lot . Randy step out of the cab and limp to the van . he get in . int . van - short time later Randy sit in the van in the otherwise empty lot , ponder he next move . CUT to : int . cvs pharmacy - short time later Randy roam a aisle , kill time , idly browsing the selection of deodorant . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) Robin ramovic ? Randy look up . he head down the aisle , toward the voice . he come to the ... pharmacy counter : a female pharmacist stand hold a small pharmacy bag . pharmacist Robin ramovic ? Randy head toward she . pharmacist ( cont ’d ) be that you ? he give she a small , embarrassed nod , take the bag . 38 . int . paradise oak - manager' office - later Randy hand Len the manager a bunch of cash . Len notice he seem a little off . len the manager you alright ? randy yeah . ext . randy 's trailer - short time later Len remove the padlock from Randy 's trailer door . len the manager welcome home . int . randy'' trailer - kitchenette - short time later a messy , junk - fill trailer . Randy stand at the kitchen counter with the cvs bag . he open the bag and take out four prescription pill bottle . we catch a glimpse of the drug name on they : plavix . coreg . lipitor , lisinopril . he gaze at the patient name on all of they ... ramovic , robin int . randy 's trailer - bathroom - later Randy be take a shower . on he chest be a surgery bandage . he soap up , careful not to get the bandage wet . int . randy 's trailer - later Randy collapse on the bed , exhaust . CUT to : int . randy 's trailer - day Randy lie on the bed , gaze off . restless . bore . something catch he eye . 39 . randy'' Pov : on the floor , in front of the tv , be a old nintendo videogame system . the game cartridge in the console be wrestlejam ' 88 . ext . randy 's trailer - short time later Randy stick he head out of he trailer . randy'' Pov : in front of the opposite trailer , adam ( 8 ) , one of the kid he be play - wrestle with , be idly throw a tennis ball against a car . randy yo , Adam ! Adam turn and look toward Randy . randy ( cont 'd ) wanna play nintendo ? int . randy'' trailer - short time later Randy and Adam sit on the floor play wrestlejam ' 88 . on tv : cyber -randy be wrestle the Ayatollah at a pack madison Square Garden . the graphic be late - ' 80s crude . Randy fly all over the ring , devastating he foe with a series of acrobatic leap and kick and flip . randy and adam : Randy wear a look of intense concentration . Adam make a scrunch - up face at the screen . adam what 's that square ? randy what square ? adam that you be hit I with . randy it 's a fold chair . 40 . adam that 's a chair ? randy ( pissy ) yes , it 's a chair . Randy grunt , annoyed . they play for a stretch in silence . adam this be old . randy 1988 be not old . adam that be , like , 50 year before I be bear . randy shut up and fight . adam' mom ( 0.s. ) ( outside trailer ) ad - aam ! Adam look toward the window . Randy hit pause . adam come ! Adam turn back to the tv . randy ready ? Adam nod yeah . Randy un - pause . play resume . on tv : cyber - Randy drop the Ayatollah with a knee to the chest . and another . the Ayatollah goe down . Randy head to a corner and climb to the top rope . he raise he arm , stick he elbow out , press he fist to the side of he head to form a set of ram 's horn . Randy jump . he fly high in the air , soar over the mat and crash down on the Ayatollah horn -first . he pin the Ayatollah as the ref count to three for the victory . the crowd go wild . 41 . randy and adam : Randy do a little celebratory fist pump . he hit reset . randy one more ? adam I gotta go . randy do not you wanna get even ? I whipped you butt . adam that 's okay . Adam get up and scamper out of the trailer . Randy , suddenly alone , look at the tv . he gaze at the word on the screen : 1 player < please select > 2 player he select 1 player . a new match begin . Randy play without much enthusiasm . after a few halfheart kick and punch , he toss the controller aside . int . randy'' trailer - short time later Randy , stand in the middle of the trailer , do a jumping jack . he do another . a few more . he feel himself get wind . a little woozy . he sit down . he sit still , try to slow he heart . he start to cry . angry , bitter , frighten tear roll down he cheek . int . cheetah 's - night Randy enter the club . it 's crowded tonight . he look around for cassidy . he spot she in a corner offer a customer a lapdance . the customer pass . she move on . Randy head over . she give he a friendly little cheek peck . cassidy hey , sweetie . you be back soon . 42 . randy ah , I be just in the neighborhood . cassidy nod oh . randy ( cont 'd ) ( '' casual '' ) hey , feel like maybe grab a burger ? cassidy find the offer a little odd . this be not how they operate . cassidy I be work . randy how ' bout later , then ? she look at he , puzzle . he seem off . cassidy you okay ? randy can we talk for a sec ? cassidy sure . what 's up ? randy someplace more quiet . Randy glance toward the door . cassidy , catch he drift , look at he , a little gravely . cassidy Randy , I can not leave with a customer . pause . randy I have a heart attack . cassidy shit . when ? randy I need to talk to somebody . cassidy you can not talk here ? 43. randy just a couple minute . cassidy Randy , I do not do that . randy please . cassidy look at he , tear . she see the need , the fear in he eye . cassidy where be you park ? randy in back . another pause of hesitation from cassidy . this be big . cassidy go to you car . i’1ll meet you out there in 15 minute . ext . cheetah 's - rear parking lot - 15 minute later Randy sit in the van , stare at the club 's rear emergency exit . cassidy emerge , a jacket cover she dress . Randy wave . spot he , she come over , climb in the passenger side . randy thanks . I appreciate it . cassidy that 's okay . she look at he vulnerable expression . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . that 's fuck up , dude . Randy nod . cassidy ( cont ’d ) when be it ? randy last week . cassidy you okay ? 44 , randy yeah , yeah . feelin 's much better . cassidy good , good . what happen ? randy it be while I be wrestle . I collapse in the ring . cassidy oh , man . that 's terrible . randy yeah , it be pretty fuck up . he chuckle , a little perversely . randy ( cont 'd ) tell ya , though , it be a big hit with the fan . ( amused grin ) promoter tell I everybody be hang around wonder if I be okay , they wound up buy up all of he t-shirt and shit . Whole merch table get clean out . cassidy that 's funny . Randy 's grin fade . his expression turn melancholy , fearful . randy Doctor say I can not wrestle no more . cassidy damn . what be you gonna do ? randy I do not know . I do not know what to do . if I can not wrestle ... he lose himself in some bleak think . cassidy it just happen . you do not have to figure everything out this second . give yourself some time . randy time 's all I get . I just sit there all day ... 45 . he stare off bleakly again . cassidy you really should not be alone right now . he turn to she , look she in the eye . randy that 's why I come to see you . cassidy ( a little unnerve ) Randy ... she look at he with sympathy . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I feel bad what happen . but you and I ... I can not go there . Randy give she a sour , disappointed look . cassidy ( cont ’d ) you should be with family now . you have a daughter , right ? where be she ? randy we do not really get along too good . cassidy it do not matter . you need she . randy ( bitter chuckle ) she do not need I . cassidy everybody need a father . trust I . Randy shrug , not so sure . cassidy glance at the dashboard clock . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . I gotta get back in . she put a sympathetic hand on he knee . cassidy ( cont ’d ) you take care of yourself . she give he a peck on the cheek . he linger there for a second . a weird , tentative moment . cassidy ( cont ’d ) you gonna be okay ? he nod , put he brave face back on . randy I be Randy the Ram . I have take bigger bump than this . cassidy I be sure . randy maybe I 'il give my daughter a call . cassidy you should . randy why the fuck not ? I be she father . a person only get one father in this life . cassidy exactly . randy unless you be adopt . 46 . cassidy laugh . she give he a friendly pat on the shoulder . cassidy you be gonna be just fine . randy definitely . cassidy climb out of the van . Randy watch as she head back into the club . his cheery expression fade . he be alone again . CUT to : int . randy 's trailer - day Randy sit on he bed , sifting through a messy , junk - fill shoebox . he pull out a old photo . randy'' Pov : it 's a mid - '80s photo of Randy and he infant daughter Stephanie in front of the family Christmas tree . Randy , wear a Santa cap , be smile and laugh , Stephanie perch on he huge , steroid-pumped bicep . 47 . he flip the photo over . on the back be a bunch of scribble phone number . they be all cross - out except the last one . the number get progressively more fade from bottom to top , as if they have be write down over the course of year . ext . paradise oak - pay phone - short time later Randy stand at a pay phone with the photo , ringing phone cradle to he ear . stephanie 's voice this be Stephanie , you know what to do . ( answer machine beep ) Randy listen to the silence . he hang up . int . van - later Randy sit in he van by the curb of a modest , lower - middle - class house . he look at the house , work up the nerve to approach . ext . stephanie 's house - later Randy stand at the doorstep of the house . steeling himself , he ring the bell . a woman ( 22 ) appear at the door in a T - shirt and pantie . randy ( a little throw ) hey ... be Stephanie home ? the woman look at Randy a little coldly , sense who he be . the woman who can I say it be ? randy her father . she disappear into the house . a few moment later , Stephanie emerge with a backpack sling over she shoulder . in she hand be a textbook . she head straight down the driveway , blow past Randy . randy ( cont 'd ) where you go ? he go after she . 48. randy ( cont 'd ) Stephanie ! he catch up . she stop . stephanie what do you want ? randy can we talk ? stephanie now 's really not a good time . she resume walk , briskly . randy wait ! ( chase after she ) where ya go ? he look at the textbook in she hand : principle of child development . randy ( cont 'd ) you in school ? that 's great . she turn down the sidewalk . he continue follow . randy ( cont 'd ) what school ? no answer . randy ( cont 'd ) what school ? stephanie middlesex County Community . randy middlesex ? that 's kind of a hike . where 's you car ? ( no response ) you take the bus ? lemme give you a lift . stephanie that 's okay . randy it 's no problem . ( beat ) really . I be park right by . 49 . Stephanie pick up the pace , try to lose he . randy ( cont 'd ) you be walk pretty fast there . you run late ? ( no answer ) I could help you with that . ( no answer ) give you a ride . she keep right on walk . randy ( cont 'd ) New Jersey Transit suck ! and walk . randy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the bus smell like piss ! she fight off a amused smile . she slow a tiny bit . int . van - short time later Randy be drive Stephanie . stephanie Left at the second stop sign . randy yes , mar ’am ! Randy drive . he slow at the second stop sign , which be at a bigger , four - lane STREET . he make the leave . they drive for a stretch in awkward silence . Randy seem a little nervous . stephanie you gonna talk ? a pause as Randy gather he word . randy there 's something I want to tell you . stephanie okay ... randy I have a heart attack . ( beat ) last week . 50 . he look at she earnestly . randy ( cont 'd ) I wanna try to fix thing . Stephanie sit there in calm silence , processing all of this . stephanie you be such a asshole . randy ( take aback ) why ? stephanie now you wanna fix thing . now that suddenly you be all scared and alone from you heart attack . randy what ? no . it 's not like — stephanie this be so fuckin’ you . you only come around when you need something from somebody , when they can do something for you . selfish fuck . good . be alone . she suddenly open her door as the van be move . she hop out . Randy hit the brake , alarmed . randy what be you do ? Stephanie stumble and fall . she get up . walk off in the direction they come from . randy ( cont 'd ) Stephanie ! she 's go . he angrily punch the steering wheel . CUT to : int . randy'' trailer - night Randy lie on he bed , gaze off depressedly . on he chest be a well - wear day planner , open to a mark - up page . angle on page . scribble in marker in one of the box be rahway autograf show . 51 . int . rahway recreation CENTER - gymnasium - morning Randy , stand at a fold table in a gym , unzip a duffel bag . he pull out a stack of 8x10 glossies of himself . it 's a high -fly , mid -air Ram jam photo from the height of he ' 80s glory . he put they on the table . look around the gym . randy'' Pov : he 's at a autograph show that have not start yet . around the perimeter of the gym , ten folding table be set up . at each one , a beat - up , worn -out old wrestler be lay out he ware — 8x1l0s , old match tape , etc . scott brumberg ( 0.s. ) do not think I have see you here . Randy look up and see Scott brumberg , the promoter from the beginning . he 's wear the same '' brumberg - 44 '' Met jersey . randy why not ? scott brumberg Heard you collapse at the difusco show . sounded pretty scary . Randy smile coyly . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) what ? randy sold the shit outta that one . scott brumberg no way ! randy I gotta give credit . difusco come up with the idea . we be set up a angle for a grudge match . scott brumberg wow ... dude , you be good . Randy give a proud '' hey , what can I say ? '' shrug . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) I be sure I have have to cancel the minivan . randy what minivan ? 52 . scott brumberg the one I rent for fanfest . Randy look at he , surprised . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) I and a whole gang 's drive down . Terry c. , caggiano , fatback ... I be so fuckin’ psyched . ( beat ) you see the flyer ? Randy look at he blankly . brumberg walk over to a nearby table , where there 's a stack of bright - orange flyer . ( the same flyer can be see scattered around the room on chair , the floor , etc . ) he grab one and bring it back over . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) volpe give I a assload to pass out . he hand it to brumberg . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) that be gonna be epic . randy 's Pov : the flyer . nick volpe production present *% 4 % * '' legend of the ring '' fanfest **** may 5 - 6 , 2008 greenville civic auditorium - greenville , south CAROLINA the MAIN event ... in a 20 th anniversary rematch of there legendery epic may 6 , 1988 wrestleslam iv match ... randy '' the ram " robinson versus . the ayatollah also scheduled to appear : eddie ruckus , the mortician , dean '' the dream '' gigunda , ivan petrov , the sandbaggers , billy bob banjo , j.t. sexxy , corporal punishment , CHRIS columbo ... and many more ! randy : Randy nod vaguely at the flyer , he feeling hard to read . randy look great . 53. brumberg look around the room as the wrestler set up shop . scott brumberg should get a pretty good crowd today . Randy hold up he hand , wiggling he finger for brumberg . randy I will start loosen up . brumberg walk off . Randy look at the flyer again . a sour expression come over he face . int . gymnasium - short time later the signing be underway . five or so fan mill about the room , drift from table to table get autograph and take photo with the motley assortment of wash - up aging wrestler . on randy : Randy be sit behind he table , signing one of he 8xl0s for a fan . he hand it to the guy , who hand Randy a $ 5 bill . fan thanks . randy you get it , broski . the fan walk off . Randy tuck the fiver into the fanny pack he 's wear . there 's not much in there , just a meager few one and fives . Randy zip up the fanny pack . he look up , ready to sign more autograph — just as soon as somebody come over . int . gymnasium - short time later Randy sit at he table , bored . there be no taker . he look around the room at the other wrestler . randy'' Pov : one be asleep . another look borderline homeless . across from he be a 40 - something wrestler in a wheelchair . attach to he calf be a urine bag . a feeble stream of urine trickle into the bag . 54 . Randy look down at the stack of Randy the Ram 8x10s on the table . he gaze numbly at the high - fly image of himself from 20 year earlier . scott brumberg ( 0.s. ) sorry , man . Randy look up and see brumberg . scott brumberg ( cont ’d ) I be sure the turnout have be bigger . Randy shrug resignedly . int . van - later Randy pull up to he trailer . he sit there with the engine idling , stare at he trailer , scared to go in alone . he pull back out again . CUT to : int . cheetah 's —- short time later music - lil 's kim - '' how many lick ? '' cassidy , roam the room , approach a customer sit near the stafe . she lean in to he ear , she hand on he arm . cassidy would you like a lapdance , sweetie ? customer that 's okay . cassidy move along . she approach a pair of guy . she lean in to one of they . cassidy would you like a lapdance ? guy # 1 not right now . she look toward the other guy . before she can even ask : guy # 2 I be good . cassidy head off , reject . 55 . randy ( 0.s. ) hey . she turn and see Randy . she 's happy to see he after the string of no 's . cassidy hey . how ya feel ? randy better . good . she lead he over to a table . they sit . cassidy how would it go with you daughter ? randy ( unconvincing ) good. Fine . cassidy yeah ? Randy dodge she eye contact . pause . cassidy ( cont 'd ) you sure ? randy not too good , actually . she tore I a new asshole . cassidy shit . that suck . he nod dispiritedly . cassidy ( cont ’d ) it 's tough . you can not give up . you gotta keep try . another half -heart nod . a brief conversational lull . randy I be think about maybe get she a present . cassidy that 's a great idea ! ( beat ) what 's she into ? 56 . randy I be not sure . cassidy how old be she ? randy 22 , 23 ? ( beat ) 22 . cassidy what kind of music do she like ? randy I do not know . cassidy be she into book ? cook ? Randy just look at she blankly . cassidy ( cont ’d ) how could you not know ? she 's you daughter . randy I be a shitty fuckin’ father . cassidy , feel bad , be hit with a urge to help . cassidy she 's 22 ? okay ... ( riffing ) you should get she some clothes , some kinda clothes ... all girl like that . randy that could work . cassidy I know the perfect place . this kick - ass little vintage shop in Westfield . randy yeah ? cassidy Saturday 's the best time to go . that 's when they get the new stuff in , all this box full of great shit . 57 . randy okay . cool . cassidy I will write it down . cassidy grab a pen and a cocktail napkin off the bar . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I be pretty sure it 's on 28 . she scribbles down yesterdaze - westfield . hand it to he . randy good tip . thanks . cassidy you get it . cassidy start dance for he , as be they routine . Randy do not seem into it . randy I be gonna grab a drink at the bar . Randy get up and head off toward the bar . she watch he go , feel reject . cassidy get up . camera stay on she face as she do a lap around the club . she glance back toward the bar . cassidy 's Pov : Randy be sit at bar . she scan the room . a customer be look she way . she start to approach . then , she stop . she look back toward Randy again . he 's sit at the bar alone . she head over to he . he look up from he drink . randy ( cont 'd ) that be fast . cassidy listen ... cassidy pause , hesitant . she take the plunge : cassidy ( cont ’d ) how ' bout I meet you there Saturday ? help you out . randy yeah ? 58 . cassidy ( '' casual '' ) I be actually gonna be run around right in that area anyway , so it 's not really a pain . randy all right . thanks . cassidy no problem . you get it . she give he a chummy arm tap and walk off . CUT to : int . shop - rite - morning Randy knock on Wayne 's door . wayne ( 0.s. ) yeah ? int . wayne 's office - continuous Wayne look up at Randy , mildly annoyed by the disruption . on he computer screen be a online poker game . randy hey , Wayne . get a sec ? wayne not really . what ? randy I be wonder if you have something more steady . full-time . wayne only thing I get right now 's get weekend . randy that work . wayne be not that when you sit on other dude 's face ? randy what be it ? 59 . wayne deli counter . Randy seem a little hesitant . randy so , like , work with customer ? wayne all day long , hot horny housewive begging for you meat . ( beat ) and prepare salad . Randy think it over . randy that 's the only thing you get ? wayne at the moment . you interested ? ext . sunrise shopping plaza - parking lot - day Randy stand alone in front of yesterdaze , a strip - mall vintage clothing store . he look at he watch , almost think of leave . cassidy ( 0.s. ) hey . Randy look up . he seem slightly throw by what he see . randy hey . randy'' Pov : it 's he first time see cassidy in street clothes and in daylight . she 's not wear makeup , and she hair be pull back in a ponytail . she 's also a good three inch short out of she stripper heel . they shake hand , a bit awkwardly . randy ( cont 'd ) I almost do not recognize you . you look all ... clean . cassidy '' clean '' ? randy like classy . 60 . cassidy gee , thanks . randy Nah , nah , I do not mean that bad . I like it . ( beat ) it 's like in '' grease '' , where she turn into the hot rock and 's roll chick at the end . except backwards . cassidy oh-kaay ... Randy look at she sneaker , a far cry from the clear heel he 's use to . randy so , uh ... should I call you cassidy or Pam ? she give the question genuine think . cassidy pam. ( playful finger wag ) but do not get use to it . int . yesterdaze - short time later Randy follow cassidy toward the back of the store . he look around , take in the array of funky ' 5as / '60 /'70s clothes . randy this be awesome ... ( rub hand together , psyched ) we be gonna find something great ! cassidy be less loose and playful than Randy , much more in business mode . they come to the back where , against the wall , she find what she 's look for : a bunch of cardboard box burst with a wildly eclectic assortment of top , skirt , pants , etc . she start sifting through . cassidy do you know she size ? randy she 's kinda skinny , a little short than you . 61 . cassidy spot a fun , multi-color mini - skirt . she pull it out . cassidy could you see she in this ? randy maybe. ( beat ) not really . ( beat ) I be not sure . cassidy toss it back in . she unearth a flashdance - style sweatshirt . cassidy what about this ? Randy make a sour face . she toss it back . cassidy ( cont ’d ) so like , what be she ? goth ? punk? hippie ? ( beat ) preppy ? stoner ? Randy ponder the choice . randy not really ... cassidy let out a good - nature groan of frustration . Randy watch as she continue search . randy ( cont 'd ) hey , Pam ? cassidy yeah ? randy thank you very much . cassidy look at he . she can feel he sincere appreciation . cassidy you be welcome . she return to search . sift , sift , sift , sift . randy I think she might be a lesbian . 62 . cassidy stop sifting . she look up at he . randy ( cont 'd ) do that help ? cassidy lead Randy by the arm over to the ... men' area : cassidy head to a rack of clothes . she quickly zeroe in on a retro bowling shirt . she hold it up to Randy , who make a scrunch - up face . randy ah , maybe she 's just a friend . cassidy put the bowl shirt back . as she do , something catch Randy 's eye . randy ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? ( point ) the green . cassidy hold up the item for Randy . cassidy ( surprised ) this ? a excited look come over Randy 's face . randy it 's perfect . randy'' Pov : a satin-green roller-disco jacket . embroider on the leave breast be a big '' S '' in purple script . it 's ugly . cassidy look at the jacket . she clearly find it awful . she look at Randy , who 's beam with excitement and pride . she find it very endear . cassidy I agree . ext . sunrise shopping plaza - parking lot - short time later yesterdaze bag in hand , Randy open the door to he van . he and toss the bag inside . he 's on a post - shop high , mission accomplish . 63 . randy thanks again . cassidy you find it . randy I never woulda know about this place . cassidy okay , I 'il give you that . a tentative pause . cassidy look at he , ready to part way . cassidy ( cont ’d ) look , I ... randy man , I work up a pretty good thirst in there . what say we grab a beer ? cassidy I gotta get go . randy one beer ! we gotta re-hydrate ! cassidy seem tear . cassidy I really can not . ( beat ) I get a kid at home . randy you have a kid ? cassidy nod . yup . randy ( cont 'd ) I have no idea . cassidy shrug casually . randy ( cont 'd ) Boy or girl ? cassidy boy. Daniel . randy how old ? 64 . cassidy nine . randy wow ... I have no friggin’ idea . cassidy it 's not something I usually tell customer . not exactly a turn -on . Randy look off at something by he van . a idea hit he . randy wait . he unlock the door . lean into the van , he tear the randy the ram action figure off the dashboard . he proudly , excitedly hold it out to cassidy . randy ( cont 'd ) now both we kid get something . she look at the action figure , reluctant to take it . randy ( cont 'd ) you be gonna turn this down , too ? man , you be rough ! cassidy chuckle a little . she take it . cassidy that 's very nice of you . thank you . randy tell he to take good care of that . $ 300 buck on ebay . cassidy really ? randy Nah . cassidy laugh a little . she can not help but be charme by he sweetness and earnestness . after a pause ... cassidy one beer . 65 . int . local bar - short time later Randy and cassidy be have beer at the bar . he 's hold she cellphone , look at picture of she son . he move on to the next one . randy he 's a good - lookin 's kid . cassidy I think so . randy I see where he get it from . cassidy smile , flatter . cassidy he sure do not get it from he douchebag father . Randy skip to the next pic . it 's a shot of a under - construction condo build . randy what 's that ? cassidy just this condo thing , down by trenton . randy you move there ? cassidy work on it . ( beat ) it 's a great area . Way cheaper . and the school be awesome . randy what about cheetah 's ? cassidy I be do . I be quit . randy ( a little disappointed ) oh. ( nod to self ) okay ... music : def leppard - '' pour some sugar on I '' 66 . Randy 's ear perk up at the song on the jukebox . randy ( cont 'd ) Hell , yeah . he stand up , reach out for cassidy 's hand . she do not give it . randy ( cont 'd ) c'mon . let 's dance . cassidy where ? randy right here . cassidy this be not a dance place . randy who care ? fuckin 's definitely lep ! cassidy ( chuckle ) I have dance to this plenty . randy Fine . then I be dance for you . Randy start dancing in front of cassidy , who 's sit on a barstool . she smile . cassidy be this a lapdance I be get ? Randy go into lapdance mode , '' seductively '' writhe for she , silly and self -aware . randy just sit back and enjoy . he turn around , wiggling he ass a little for she . he run he hand up and down she side . he drape he long blond mane over she shoulder , run it over she face . she laugh , charme and amused . he gaze into she eye intensely . randy ( cont 'd ) the lapdancer have become the lapdance . cassidy laugh . he continue dance , totally unembarrassed . 67 . cassidy I think we can get you a shift . Randy bob he head along to the kick - ass definitely leppard tune , really loving it . the song build to its chorus . Randy sing along . randy take a bottle , shake it up / break the bubble , break it u-up ... ( chorus ) pour some sugar on I ! in the name of love ! cassidy , unable to resist the call of the lep , join in . cassidy and randy pour some sugar on I ! c'mon fire I up ! ( point at each other ) pour you sugar on I ! I can not get enough ... ( eye contact , sultry ) I be hot , sticky sweet / from my head to my foot yeah ... from here , the song veer off into a guitar part . Randy nod along , savore the awesome hair- metal riffing . randy they do not make ‘em like they use to . cassidy fuckin 's eighty , man . best shit ever . randy definitely lep , gunner ... cassidy the criie ... randy then that cobain pussy have to come around and ruin it all . cassidy like there 's something wrong with have a good time . 68 . randy fuckin 's mopey douchebag . ( beat ) '' ooh , look at I ! I wear flannel ! I be all depressed ! '' cassidy '' I be from Seattle ! I like rain ! '' Randy shake he head sourly . randy nineties fuckin’ suck . cassidy no shit ... they eye meet . a moment of chemistry . mutual attraction . Randy move closer , he eye lock on hers . he lean in for ... a kiss . they make out for a few second . cassidy pull back . she give Randy a playfully scolding finger wag , mask she fear and discomfort with what just happen . cassidy ( cont ’d ) no contact with the customer . randy you be right . my bad . he keep right on dance , totally unaware of the shift that just occur in she . cassidy shit . randy what 's up ? cassidy ( glance at watch ) I totally do not realize the time . randy we just get here . cassidy I should get home . she stand up . Randy be very disappointed . 69 . randy c'mon . you say one beer ! Randy point toward she almost -full Beer on the bar . she pick it up and chug the whole thing . she slap the empty bottle on the bar . cassidy good night . she give he a arm pat and walk out of the bar . Randy be impressed . CUT to : int . shop - rite - employee room - morning it 's Randy 's first day of work . he slip into a deli coat . tuck he hair into a hairnet . pull a shop - rite baseball cap over the hairnet . he walk over to a mirror to see how he look in he new uniform . he feel a little silly . wayne ( 0.s. ) here ya go . he turn and see Wayne , who hand he something . Randy look at the item in he hand , vaguely bother . randy I think it be gonna say Randy . angle on item , a shop -rite name tag . the name on it be robin . wayne guess they get it off you W - 4. randy do I really even need to wear one ? wayne ( sarcastic ) be you gonna be interact with we value shop - rite customer ? randy yeah , but I — wayne then yes . 70 . randy could they maybe re- do it ? wayne just wear the fuck thing . Wayne walk off . Randy pin the name tag to he apron . he take another look in the mirror , sighing unhappily . Randy look up at the employee - room clock . it 's 8:59 am . he head toward a rubber -strip curtain lead to the deli counter . stand before the curtain , he pause a moment , gather himself like before a wrestle match . he step through . showtime . int . deli counter - day about 10 customer hover in front of the deli counter with take -a-number ticket . Randy , man the counter , hand a old guy in a WWII veteran baseball cap a packet of roast beef . the guy shuffles off . Randy look up at the take-a-number sign . randy seventeen . a woman ( 60 ) step forward hold a 17 and a shop - rite circular . she carefully survey the turkey - breast selection in the case . woman the Hudson acre , be they all on sale or just the regular ? Randy look clueless . woman ( cont 'd ) ( hold up circular ) it 's a little unclear . she hand the circular to Randy to take a look . randy'' Pov : it say hudson acre turkey breast - $ 5.99 / lb . he still have no idea . woman ( cont 'd ) I would prefer the maple - glaze , but if it 's full price ... 71 . Randy briefly catch eye with another customer , a big - haire , semi - hot party chick in she forty . the kind of woman Randy would hit on in a bar . he dodge she eye contact , embarrassed by the context . randy ( to circular lady ) hang on , let I ... Randy pick up a phone behind the counter . randy ( cont 'd ) ( into phone , over speaker ) Wayne , please come to the deli counter . he cringe a bit as he voice boom over the store speaker . he hang up and return to the customer . randy ( cont 'd ) it all just be a minute . the woman , nodd , look into the deli case again . woman which in you opinion be the best smoke ham ? randy I guess it depend what you like . woman I try the Apple Valley Farms once , and it be very salty . do you find that ? Randy steal a self - conscious glance at the party chick . int . deli counter - later angle on take -a-number sign . it say now serving : 46 . randy forty-six . a woman ( 35 ) in workout clothes step forward with a 46 . workout woman could I get a half - pound of the pesto pasta salad ? 72 . randy sure . Randy grab a plastic container . randy ( cont 'd ) pesto change -o. the woman smile at Randy 's little offhand pasta pun . this please he . Randy scoops pesto pasta salad into the container . he put the container onto the scale . it read .51 lb . randy ( cont 'd ) wow . I be good . this get Randy a small chuckle from the woman . Randy slap a price tag on the container . randy ( cont 'd ) can I get you anything else ? young woman nope . that 's it . he hand she the container . randy you have yourself a nice day . young woman ( friendly smile ) I will . you , too . the woman head off . Randy 's spirit be lift by the exchange . int . deli counter - later Randy look up at the take-a- number sign : now serving : 57. randy 0-57 . a housewife -type step forward with the number . randy ( cont 'd ) bingo ! the housewife smile . 73 . housewife what 's my prize ? randy anything in the case , sweetheart . housewife a pound of chop liver and a half a pound of egg salad . randy I think that can be arrange ... he grab a plastic container and throw it in the air , catch it behind he back . CUT to : ext . middlesex county community college - day Stephanie emerge from the middlesex County Community College building . a look of surprise come over she face . stephanie 's Pov : Randy be stand there wait for she by he van . under he arm be a lumpily wrapped present , no box . stephanie what be you , stalking I ? randy do stalker bring present ? stephanie sometimes . randy well , I be not a stalker . but ... he excitedly hand she the present . she look at it warily . randy ( cont 'd ) open it . she open it . Inside be the green satin jacket . she hold it up , try to process . randy ( cont 'd ) the '' S " '' be for '' Stephanie '' . stephanie oh. okay . she look at the jacket . it 's nothing she would ever wear . 74 . randy I get it just for you . stephanie I see that . what 's it for ? randy no reason . just because . do you like it ? stephanie I do . it 's ... shiny . she look at Randy . he be excited and proud . randy I be look in this store and see it , and I just say , '' that be it . '' Stephanie nod , smile politely . randy ( cont 'd ) so what be you do now ? stephanie what be I do ? randy get any time ? I be think we could swing by we old favorite spot . stephanie we have a old favorite spot ? randy you ’1ll remember when you see . whaddaya say ? stephanie now 's not the best time . I have get some thing to do . randy what kinda thing ? stephanie stuff . randy you be not get stuff ! ( beat ) C ’mon , give a old man a break . 75 . he giver she he biggest , most charming puppy - dog smile . ext . point pleasant boardwalk - later Randy and Stephanie walk along the boardwalk . it 's a charming little Jersey - shore boardwalk / beach line with skee - Ball game , ice-cream parlor , T-shirt shop etc . it 's a bit cold and not very crowded , still out of season . randy you really do not remember ? stephanie no. randy guess you be pretty young . they walk for a stretch in silence . he point to a spot . randy ( cont 'd ) there use to be this funhouse . ( beat ) the monster Motel ... Randy chuckle at the memory . randy ( cont 'd ) they have this cheesy - ass skeleton that pop out of a coffin . you would get so scared , you have cry . then you would beg to go in again . stephanie ( chuckle to self ) always be a glutton for punishment . randy you would hop on my foot and wrap you arm around my leg . I have have to walk you the whole way through like that . stephanie I totally do not remember . randy ( look at she sweetly ) I do . 76 . ext . boardwalk - short time later Randy and Stephanie sit on a bench face the ocean eat mint- chocolate chip ice-cream cone . Randy be quiet and contemplative , not in he usual '' on '' mode . he take a deep breath . randy I accept you apology . she shoot he a irk look . randy ( cont 'd ) not like that . I just mean ... you make amend . I free you . her expression soften . randy ( cont 'd ) anything you have ever do or say or think , I forgive . you have do nothing wrong to I . and anything I have ever do ... ( beat ) I be sorry . truly . Stephanie be surprised by he emotion and sincerity . stephanie thank you . randy I be young . my career be booming . all that light , the fan , the crazy shit on the road ... I be not think about my kid . or my wife . Stephanie nod . randy ( cont 'd ) my priority be all fuck up . I know that . but now ... I wanna try to make thing right . I wanna try to get to know you . ( lump in throat ) I just hope it 's not too late . Randy gaze off at the ocean , fill with fear and love and regret . a tear start to gather in he eye . he wipe it away before it have a chance to form . Stephanie look at he , move . 77 . int . boardwalk arcade - short time later Randy and Stephanie play skee - Ball side - by-side , father and daughter . ext . stephanie 's house - short time later Randy stand with Stephanie in front of she house , drop she off . randy hope that be not too painful . stephanie it be okay . randy well ... Randy , unsure what to do , extend he hand . randy ( cont 'd ) bye . they shake . he pull she in for a brief , mechanical hug . stephanie bye . another pause . randy so ... how about dinner sometime ? stephanie dinner ? randy maybe Tuesday ? Stephanie think it over . stephanie I be sorry . I do not think so . randy ( nodd , '' casual '' ) or not . that 's cool , whatever ... stephanie Wednesday would work better . Randy be surprised and happy . int . randy 's trailer - later Randy stick the old Christmas photo of Stephanie and himself on the fridge . ext . paradise oak - pay phone - day Randy stand at the pay phone , ringing phone to he ear . in he hand be he day planner , open to a page mark up with upcoming gig . randy yo , miggy . Ram . how ya doin 's ? ( beat ) good , good . ( beat ) listen , you be gonna have to count I out for utica . ( momentous pause ) I be retire . ext . pay phone - moment later another call . randy hey , how ya doin 's , Frank ? ( beat ) good , good . listen ... ext . pay phone - moment later another call . Randy be hold the fanfest flyer . randy sorry , volp . you know I have kill to do it . ( beat ) I realize . I understand . ( beat ) no more . I be do . I be retire . ( beat ) positive . it 's time to move on . int . cheetah 's - night music : warrant - '' cherry pie '' 79 . cassidy be up on stage , do she thing for a sizable crowd . she slink up to a customer who 's hold out a dollar bill for she . she pull on she g-string band , snap it shut on the bill . she move over to another customer hold out a dollar and do the same . randy ( 0.s. ) hey . over here . she look toward the voice , come from another side of the stage . cassidy 's Pov : stand there be Randy , hold out a purple envelope . he look toward she g-string , like he want to put it in like a dollar bill . she take it with she hand instead . int . cheetah 's —- short time later Randy and cassidy sit together at a table . cassidy be hold the purple envelope , look a little uncomfortable . randy open it . cassidy I will do it later when it 's quiet . randy I wanna watch . reluctantly , cassidy open it . Inside be a greet card . cassidy 's Pov : on the card 's front , a cartoon monkey be hold a big bunch of bananas . across the top , it say thanks a bunch ! Randy watch excitedly as she read the inside . she put the it down after read it . cassidy that 's very sweet . thank you . randy thank you . I could not have do it without you . cassidy I be glad I could help . 80 . randy it be fun , right ? we have a good time . she nod politely , reservedly , clearly try to pull back . randy ( cont 'd ) ( fishing ) Shopping ... another guard nod . randy ( cont 'd ) hey , you ever be to mother Kelly 's ? cassidy on 46 ? randy they get this kick - ass cover band Tuesday night . play anything you can think of . what do you say we — cassidy Randy . randy what ? cassidy I can not do this . randy do what ? cassidy ( '' you and I '' gesture ) this . Randy be confuse and disappointed . randy I think we have a little something go here . cassidy I think you be awesome . you be a great guy . randy but ... 81 . cassidy you think I be , like , this stripper , but I be not . I be a mom , with responsibility . I do not think you wanna get with that . randy what if I do ? cassidy I can not go there . randy what about the other day ? cassidy that be a mistake . randy why ? how ? cassidy the club and the real world , they can not mix . randy what if we have meet someplace else ? cassidy we do not . randy but what if we do ? cassidy we do not . randy what if we do ? cassidy we do not . randy you say I do not know you , but you will not let I get to know you . cassidy you be a customer . you be just a fuck customer . that 's it . okay ? get it ? a long , wounded pause from Randy . 82. randy yeah . ( beat ) I get it . he take a $ 20 out of he pocket , hold it out to she . cassidy what 's that for ? randy a lapdance . he slide it across the bar to she . she slide it back . randy ( cont 'd ) you be refuse a customer ? he slide the $ 20 back to she . randy ( cont 'd ) gimme a lapdance . she slide it back again . randy ( cont 'd ) what ? be I a customer or not ? he wave the $ 20 tauntingly in she face . she push it away . cassidy stop it . randy what 's the matter ? ( no answer ) not in the mood ? ( no answer ) so fake it . I be just a stupid customer . he tauntingly dangle the $ 20 in front of she again . cassidy stop . randy it do not mean anything . she look away , try to ignore he . randy ( cont 'd ) c'mon , give the customer a lapdance . shake you tit . smile . 83. cassidy fuck off . randy pretend you like he . cassidy fuck off . randy I want a lapdance . she swat he hand . the $ 20 fall to the floor . he pick it up and slam it on the bar . randy ( cont ’d ) I want a lapdance ! people turn and stare . Randy storm out of the club , humiliate . CUT to : int . shop - rite - deli counter - day about 10 customer hover in front of the deli counter clutching take -a-number ticket . Randy , man the counter with a coworker , hand a woman a packet of roast beef . randy can I help who 's next ? a old lady step forward . old lady pound of german potato salad , please . Randy grab a container and start scoop potato salad . he put the container on the scale . it read 1.06 lb . old lady ( cont ’d ) a little less . Randy scoops out a little and weigh it again . the scale read .96 lb . old lady ( cont ’d ) a little more . Randy put a little more in . the scale read 1.03 . 84 . old lady ( cont ’d ) a little less . Randy , try to contain he aggravation , take a tiny bit out . the scale read 1.00 . the lady nod in approval . Randy slap a price sticker on the container and hand it across the counter . randy have a nice day . she shuffles off with she potato salad . randy ( cont 'd ) can I help who 's next ? a blue -collar guy ( 40s ) step forward . customer yeah , could I get a ... the guy do a double - take , notice Randy 's face . customer ( cont ’d ) do I know you from somewhere ? randy I do not think so . the guy study Randy 's face , try hard to place it . customer you look so damn familiar . ( rack he brain ) you teamster ? randy sorry , man . what can I getcha ? customer half pound of Virginia ham and a half pound of the jarlsberg . Randy reach into the case and pull out a ham . he bring it over to the slicer , he back turn away from the guy . customer ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) I know we have meet someplace . slice , slice , slice , slice ... customer ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you play softball ? 85 . randy Nah . slice , slice , slice , slice ... customer ( 0.s. ) you be not one of mikey bosch 's buddy , be you ? Randy , shaking he head no , bring the slice ham over to the weigh scale . the guy snap he finger . customer ( cont ’d ) wait a sec . he look at Randy , surprised and amaze . customer ( cont ’d ) Randy the Ram ? Randy stand there freeze . randy huh ? customer the old wrestler . from the ' 80s . Randy , shrugging blankly , wrap up the ham and slap a price sticker on . customer ( cont ’d ) ( form Ram horn ) Ram jam ! Randy grab the jarlsberg from the case and bring it over to the slicer . he start slice . customer ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) wow , that 's freaky . you look just like the dude . except older . angle on the block of cheese as Randy slice . there 's only a SMALL chunk leave . the chunk dwindle , get smaller and smaller . the cheese separate Randy 's finger from the blade grow thin . he almost seem tempt . CUT to : 86. int . randy 's trailer - late night Randy , unable to sleep , sit shirtless on the couch , stare blankly at the tv . on tv : a NBA highlight clip of a ferocious dunk . the crowd go wild . the player roar as he run back up court , full of macho swagger . randy : Randy 's eye drift downward toward he chest . he gaze at the still - fresh scar . touches it tenderly . he take a big swig of wine , polish off a bottle . he pop a cassette into the boombox on the floor . gun ' not rose - use you illusion ii . Randy crank up the volume and hit play ... music : gun ' not rose - '' get in the ring '' the song begin with the sound of a roaring stadium crowd . a chant begin : crowd ( on the song ) gun ! and ! rose !... gun ! and ! rose !... Randy start to prowl the floor like it 's a wrestle ring before a match . he wave he arm , exhort the crowd on the song as if they cheer be for he . randy ( cup hand to ear ) what 's that ? Randy work the crowd . he point at a fan in the back row . flexes theatrically . Bangs he head on pretend chair . Randy grab the top rope and give it a hard shake . loosen up with some neck roll and trunk twist , he head to the center of the ring . randy ( cont 'd ) ( announcer-like ) folk , we be ready to rumble ... the song , which start with a slow , bluesy guitar intro , kick in . fast , raging hard rock . 87 . Randy stare down he invisible opponent . the opponent sucker punch he . Randy drop to the ground . Randy lie on the floor get kick and punch . he knock he opponent down with a leg sweep and pop up . Randy hit he opponent with a flurry of backhand chop . randy ( cont 'd ) I have never see such determination ! Randy immobilize he opponent in some sort of headlock . randy ( cont 'd ) sleeper claw ! Randy flip he opponent upside down , he head between he knee . he drop he headfirst onto the bed / mat . randy ( cont 'd ) piledriver ! ( beat ) just listen to this place ! Randy scoops up he opponent again and slam he to the mat with another fancy move . randy ( cont 'd ) powerbomb ! the song reach its frenzied , chant - like chorus : gun ' not rose get in the ring ! get in the ring ! get in the ring ! get in the ring ! Randy join in , pump he fist . randy get in the ring ! get in the ring ! get in the ring ! get in the ring ! CUT to : int . ninth inning collectible - day a strip - mall sport - card / comic-book shop . tack to the wall by the entrance be flyer for various event — card show , autograph signing , etc . behind the counter be promoter Scott brumberg , scarfing down a sloppy Subway sub . the door open . he look up , smile . 88 . scott brumberg Ram ! Randy head over and give he a warm hello handclasp . randy yo , brummy . brumberg pull he in for a hug . scott brumberg how 's trick ? good to see ya , man . randy yeah , good , good . scott brumberg so what bring ya by ? randy well ... I be think about maybe do a reffing gig . scott brumberg I think you be retire . randy no wrestle , just reffing . think it might be fun . shit and giggle . brumberg , nodd , reach down and grab out a beat -up spiral notebook with old event flyer stick out . scott brumberg see what we get ... CUT to : int . bridgeport NORTH high school - cafeteria - later a high -school cafeteria . Randy be slip into a referee uniform . along the wall hang a vinyl banner read capw - connecticut all - pro wrestling . booker D ( 0.s. ) Randy the ref ! Randy look up and see booker D ( 30 ) , a big , black wrestler in full pimp regalia . though not a pro like Randy , he 's upper - tier indie circuit . Randy give he a grin and handshake . randy ' sup , bro ? 89 . booker D I and mcpride be go over spot . we get this dope idea how to work you in . randy I really be not lookin’ to mix it up tonight . booker D you be gonna love this . check it out . so mcpride — randy that 's okay . you guy do you thing . booker D look at he , surprised and puzzle . hard CUT to : int . bridgeport NORTH h.s. - gymnasium - short time later booker D land on opponent shawn mcpride with a big suplex . he fall on top of mcpride for the pin . Randy the ref smack the mat , count . randy one !... twol ... mcpride kick out . booker D lift up mcpride . he hit he with a chest chop , send he stumbling backwards into the rope . booker D go after he . camera stays on randy'' face as he watch they wrestle off - screen . Randy 's eye be glue to the action ... punch . kick . suplex . bodyslam . the crowd be go crazy . he be tempt . salivate almost . more punch . more cheer . body crash loudly against the mat . Randy 's temptation grow with each shot . he can not resist any longer . he ... jump in . Randy push booker D out of the way . he 's smashed in the face by a mcpride-swung fold chair mean for booker D. 90 . Randy go down . a trace of a smile be visible on he face . CUT to : int . boy 's locker room - shower area -— post-match Randy , booker D , and mcpride be showering in the open shower area . they be on a post-match high . booker D what a screwjob . shawn mcpride crowd be piss . mcpride give Randy a '' we be not worthy '' bow of respect . shawn mcpride ( cont ’d ) the master . booker D ( wag finger , grin ) just reffing , my ass . I know you would get in there . Randy give he a '' hey , what can I say ? '' shrug . shawn mcpride y'all feel like grab a drink ? mcpride and booker D both look toward Randy . he 's the one they be interested in hang with . CUT to : int . holiday inn bridgeport - HOTEL bar - later a hotel bar , lively and hopping with a weekend crowd . Randy sit at the bar , hold court with booker D and mcpride . they be all well on they way to be drunk . randy by the time ruckus fix the tire , we have have so many nyquil coladas we do not even realize we miss the damn gig ! booker D and mcpride crack up . randy ( cont 'd ) swear to God . can not make stuff like that up . gl . booker D yo , tell mcpride shit-pit ! shawn mcpride shit pit ? randy you never hear that one ? mcpride look at he blankly . randy ( cont 'd ) oh , man , fuckin’ classic . ( beat ) 1990 . Nashville coliseum , rage in the cage ii . I be in the locker room shave when behind I the stall door open . I turn and there 's Chris columbo on the can take a dump . he go , '' this be for petrov '' , fuckin’ wipe he ass , take the shit-cover toilet paper and rub it in he armpit . five minute later , he 's in the ring with petrov in a headlock , poor petrov stick there in CC 's pit lookin’ like he 's gonna puke ! mcpride and booker D roar with delight . booker D fuckin 's classic . Randy beam proudly . booker D ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) uh-oh ... booker D spot something intrigue by the bar entrance . Randy and mcpride follow he gaze there . randy'' Pov : two women — late 30 , frost hair , tight denim miniskirt — jjust walk in the bar . he catch the twosome steal a glance in they direction . booker D ( cont 'd ) Ring rat , 12 o'clock . Randy and mcpride seem to agree with he assessment . int . HOTEL bar - later music : black crowe - '' hard to handle '' 92 . the wrestler be dance with the woman , melissa and alyssa , on the bar 's dance floor . Melissa be sandwich between booker D and mcpride , shaking she ass for they like a 19 - year - old spring breaker . alyssa be pair off with Randy , grind she he . she turn , face he . look at he with alyssa I know who you be . she slowly run she hand up Randy 's side . alyssa ( cont 'd ) my brother use to have you poster on he door . Randy smile , pleased . randy dude 's get taste . ass against a coy smile . alyssa notice something intrigue over Randy 's shoulder . Randy turn to see what she 's look at . randy'' Pov : stand by the bar be a man . he turn back to alyssa . randy ( cont 'd ) who 's that ? alyssa a.j . my old coke dealer . Randy nod oh . a slightly weird moment between they . alyssa ( cont 'd ) I do not do that anymore . randy I neither . they exchange a look . int . women 's bathroom - short time later hard CUT to : a single- person bathroom . Randy and alyssa be do bump of coke . 93 . int . women 's bathroom - short time later Randy be fucking alyssa from behind over the bathroom sink . alyssa moan loudly . alyssa oh , gawddd ... there 's a knock at the door . woman ( 0.s. ) ( through door ) could you please fuck someplace else ? I gotta piss . CUT to : black screen . randy'' Pov : his eye slowly open . stare down at he from a white stucco ceiling be a poster of a hunky , shirtless fireman with a pair of suspender stretch across he oile - up six pack . across the bottom it say five -alarm FIRE . Randy look around , disorient . he be naked in a strange bed in a strange bedroom . his clothes lie on the floor next to a large glass bong . int . kitchen - short time later Randy , wear only a pair of bikini brief , stagger into the kitchen . a roommate ( 23 ) in a tweety Bird nightshirt be pour herself a bowl of honey nut cheerios . she look at Randy with a casual '' wassup '' head - nod . roommate alyssa 's in the shower . ext . apartment build - short time later Randy emerge from alyssa 's building in the previous night 's clothes , squinting at the blind sunlight . int . randy'' trailer - short time later Randy enter he trailer , chuckle amusedly . he toss he key on the table . he head over to the fridge and grab a beer . as he close the fridge , he expression change . a look of deep dismay come over he face . 94 . randy'' Pov : the old photo of he and Stephanie on the fridge door . CUT to : ext . stephanie 's house - short time later Randy ring the bell . Stephanie 's '' friend '' answer the door . randy hey . she stare at he coldly and unnervingly . randy ( cont 'd ) be Stephanie home ? she go into the house , close the door behind she . Randy stand there awkwardly , unsure what that mean . he think about knock but do not . he carefully turn the knob , lean into the house . from somewhere inside , he hear the muffled SOUND of Stephanie and the friend talk . int . stephanie 's house - continuous Stephanie and the friend be argue in the live room . the friend you do not have to go out there . you do not owe he shit . stephanie I know that . the friend then why would you even — ( look up toward front door ) who say you could come in ? the friend '’s / stephanie 's Pov : stand there be Randy , gaze guiltily at Stephanie . stephanie please leave my house . randy I be so , so sorry . I completely , totally — 95 . the friend get the fuck out of here ! stephanie ( to the friend ) I can handle this . the friend obviously not . stephanie ( tooth gritt ) I can handle this , Jen . the friend , disgust , grab she coat and storm off out the front door . Randy and Stephanie be alone . she glare at he for what feel like a long time . stephanie ( cont 'd ) you be such a fuck asshole . randy I feel horrible . stephanie I wait in that restaurant two hour . two fuck hour . just in case you show up late . '' maybe he get stick in traffic . maybe I get the time wrong '' ... ( beat ) nope. randy I know I fuck up . I fuck up bad . stephanie you do not fuck up . you be a fuck - up . a walk , live , breathe fuck -up . randy I be try to change . really . I can not stand when I — stephanie just please shut the fuck up . because I can not even stand the sound of you voice . ( seethe ) ( more ) 96 . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I think about have a drink for the first time in 11 month last night . that 's what you do to I . ( beat ) you asshole ! she grab a SMALL potted plant off the table and throws it at he . it narrowly miss he head , explode against the wall . stephanie ( cont 'd ) Fucking piece -of-shit asshole ! she grab a can of soda off the same table and throws it . it nail he in the thigh , explode open on the floor . soda spray everywhere . randy Jesus ! stop ! she look around , half - craze , search for something else to throw . he rush toward she , wrapping she up in he arm . stephanie get off I ! randy calm down ! he squeezy tighter . she thrashes around , fight it . stephanie get the fuck off I ! randy calm down ! stephanie ( thrashing violently ) I hate you ! randy you do not mean that ! stephanie fucking hate you ! randy you don ’t mean it ! suddenly , she stop resisting . a strange and unexpected calm wash over she . stephanie I do not mean it ? 97 . she be silent and still . stephanie ( cont 'd ) you be right . I do not . she shake she head , placidly gaze off . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I do not know why I get so hysterical . there 's no reason . I do not hate you . I do not love you . I do not like you . I be stupid to think you could change . randy I can change . stephanie I do not care . randy I know I can . stephanie do not matter . I do not care . I be do . ( beat ) no more fix it . it 's break . permanently . I be cool with it . it 's better that way . she turn and look he in the eye . stephanie ( cont 'd ) I do not want to ever see you again . I do not wanna see you , I do not want to hear you ... ( beat ) done . you understand ? Randy do not . stephanie ( cont 'd ) actually , I do not care if you understand . she walk toward the front door . open it wide . stephanie ( cont 'd ) goodbye. 98. ext . stephanie 's house - continuous Randy step out the front door . Stephanie 's cellphone ring . she look at the caller id and pick up . stephanie you can come home . ( beat ) he 's go . she close the door on he , disappear inside the house . Randy stand there alone on he daughter 's front step . unsure what to do . he start to cry . CUT to : int . shop - rite - deli counter - day angle on take -a-number sign . it read now serving : 54 a crowd of aggravate customer stand wait at the counter . a fat guy in a motorize cart clutching a 71 throw a fellow customer a '' do you believe this moron ? '' eye roll . behind the counter be Randy and a coworker . Randy be put a block of havarti onto the slicer . he move lackadaisically , distractedly . Wayne , notice as he roam past , head over . wayne let 's pick it up . rush hour . Wayne give he two quick clap and walk off . Randy adjust the machine 's set and begin to slice . he be not move much faster . customer # 1 ( 0.s. ) customer # 2 ( 0.s. ) while we be young ... any year now ... Randy keep right on slice at he unhurry pace . he get in a nice , meditative groove . slice , slice , slice , slice , slice ... he watch as he thumb inch closer to the spin blade . he stare at he thumb . at the blade . his thumb . he jam he thumb into the blade . blood squirt everywhere . on he coat . on the deli meat . 99 . Randy stare at the deep gash , watch as blood pulse out in crimson surge . he smile strangely at it . a customer gasp . a commotion quickly spread . wayne ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Randy ! Randy turn and see a shocked Wayne rush toward he . Wayne take Randy 's arm and try to lead he into the back , out of view . wayne ( cont 'd ) ( conscious of customer watch ) let 's get that patch up . Randy roughly shove he away . Wayne stumble backwards . Randy , turn toward the onlooker , raise he thumb to he face . he dramatically smear the blood across he mouth . customer gasp . a woman shriek . Randy drag the gash across he cheek . he smear a line of it under each eye like warpaint . randy ( strike wrestle pose ) let 's get it onnn ! wayne somebody call the cop ! Randy roar at Wayne . Wayne jump back , frighten . Randy rumble out of the deli area laughing . supermarket aisle : Randy dash down a aisle . he dodge a woman pushing a shopping cart , purposely '' over-dodge '' she so he crash into the shelve and send stuff fly . he dodge another shopper , dramatically crash into the shelf again . front register area : Randy charge past the cashier , out of the supermarket . 100 . int . van - short time later Randy sit in the van in the shop - rite parking lot . he gaze at himself in the rear-view mirror , dry blood cake on he face . he like it . CUT to : ext . paradise oak - pay phone - later Randy be on the pay phone . randy Nick . Randy the Ram ... ( beat ) I wanna do it . ( beat ) fanfest . ( beat ) I know , but I want back in . ( beat ) so call Bob , get the match back on . ( beat ) pay I ? do not worry . just cover my expense . and pay Bob . make sure he 's there . ( beat ) I do not give a shit . I just wanna wrestle . int . randy 's trailer - day Randy be digging through a pile of clothes in a closet . he pull out he wrestling tights . int . randy 's trailer - bathroom - later Randy , wear rubber glove and a towel around he neck , comb peroxide through he hair . int . randy 's trailer - bathroom - later Randy be shaving he chest . the hair have grow in since he last wrestle . 101 . int . randy 's trailer - later Randy stand in the middle of the trailer in just a pair of bikini brief . in he hand be a product call tan in a can . he give the can a good shake and start spraying he body . int . randy'' trailer - short time later Randy put a snack - and -soda - fill plastic bag in the front of the van . he be surprised to see cassidy pull up in she car . she get out . cassidy hi. randy how would you find I ? cassidy Big Chris . cheetah 's bouncer . Randy nod oh . cassidy ( cont ’d ) look , I be sorry if I come off like a bitch . I do not mean that stuff I say . you be not just a customer . Randy nod . he head toward he trailer . cassidy follow . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I be sure it seem retarded , but I gotta keep that line . it 's how I have be able to live with myself the last 12 year . int . randy 's trailer - continuous Randy enter the trailer , cassidy close behind . cassidy there 's a place I be try to get to in my life . for I and my son . Randy head to he wheelie bag , open on the bed . cassidy ( cont ’d ) I be leave that world behind . and I can not bring anybody with I who — 102 . randy ( do not really care ) good for you . quitting 's hard . he zip up he bag . walk outside toward he van . she follow . cassidy where be you go ? ext . randy 's trailer - continuous he get in the van . randy get a match . he grab the fanfest flyer off the passenger seat and hand it to she . randy ( cont 'd ) see ya later . he drive off . she watch he go , the van kick up dust in its wake . she look at flier . a look of concern come over she face . int . van - evening music : skid row - '' I remember you '' Randy be drive south on the New Jersey Turnpike . int . cassidy 's apartment - continuous cassidy grab she purse and car key off the kitchen table . cassidy in bed by 11 . do not let he bargain . the babysitter ( 15 ) nod at the instruction . cassidy head toward the ... live room : cassidy bye , monkey ... 103. she be strike by what she see . cassidy 's Pov : daniel ( 9 ) be on the floor , play with the Randy the Ram doll . she watch as he make the Randy doll climb up the couch 's armrest . the doll take a flying leap off the couch , onto a STAR war figure laid out on the floor below . Daniel make a explosion SOUND as Randy slam down on he foe . cassidy look at the doll , worried . int . cheetah 's - later music : warrant - '' cherry pie '' cassidy be dance onstage . she have a distract , faraway look in she eye . she abruptly walk off mid-so . she head toward the dress room , disappear through the curtain . club d.j. ( 0.s. ) cassidy — where ya goin’ , baby ? int . dressing area - continuous cassidy unlock she locker . she throw everything in it into a duffel bag . she grab the master lock off the locker door and throw it into the bag , too . int . cheetah 's —- MAIN room - continuous cassidy , wear she coat , step through the curtain with the bag . club d.j. ( 0.s. ) Pam . she cut across the empty stage , toward the exit . ext . cheetah 's - continuous cassidy step out of the club . cassidy ( to self ) pam. 104 . ext . i- 95 - later Randy stand at a roadside pay phone , ringing phone cradle to he ear . stephanie 's voice this be Stephanie , you know what to do . ( answer machine beep ) randy it 's I . I promise I will not call you ever again . ( beat ) I be go back to the ring . you be right about I . everything you say . anyway ... I just want you to know ... ( beat ) you daddy love you . ( beat ) that 's all . he hang up . int . cassidy 's car - continuous cassidy be drive south on the New Jersey Turnpike . she 's on she cellphone . on the passenger seat be the fanfest flyer . cassidy there 's waffle in the freezer and some burrito if he want for lunch . he know where . ( beat ) I be not sure what time I 'il be head back yet . i’1l keep you post as I go . ext . i- 95 - side of the road - midnight Randy 's van be pull over on the side of the interstate . int . back of van - continuous Randy be catch a nap as 18 - wheeler barrel past . 105 . int . van - next morning Randy pull into the empty-ish parking lot of the greenville civic auditorium . int . locker room - short time later Randy enter the locker room with he wheelie bag . man' voice ( 0.s. ) yeah , nah , business be rockin’ . just open a third dealership . Randy look down a row of locker . randy'' Pov : a huge , dark -skin man in khakis and a bob zayid pontiac polo be talk to some other wrestler . this be the ayatollah ( 52 ) . the ayatollah that make two in Columbus , one in dayton . next 12 month , I have say cincy 's not out of the question . other wrestler ( not too interested ) wow ... the Ayatollah look up and see Randy look at he . the ayatollah ram-a-lam . Randy head over . randy ( shake Ayatollah 's hand ) what 's up , Bob ? ( shake other guy 's hand ) yo , Carl . the ayatollah good to see ya , bro . do not think we be gonna do this . randy yeah , well , I be here . the ayatollah Thursday night , I get a call , '' it 's on ! he 's back in ! '' I be like '' what ? '' the Ayatollah chortle . 106 . randy when you get settle in , we should go over thing . the ayatollah what thing ? randy y'know , the spot . the ayatollah ah , we can just wing it . randy you do not wanna hash it out ? the Ayatollah give he a dismissive , cavalier wave . the ayatollah it ' will be fine . randy we should have at least a basic plan . the ayatollah how 's this : I be the heel , you be the face . done . the Ayatollah chuckle . Randy walk off , highly annoyed . the ayatollah ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( to other wrestler ) anyway , if you be ever in Ohio , swing on by . i’1l make you a nice deal on a g6 . int . gas station - short time later cassidy pull into a gas station . she roll down the window . cassidy Excuse I . a gas station attendant look she way . cassidy ( cont 'd ) do you know where the Civic auditorium be ? 107 . int . greenville civic auditorium - locker room - later the card be underway . through a wall , we hear the muffle sound of a match in progress : cheer , boo , crash , etc . Randy , sit alone on a bench in just he jock strap , tape up he leg . his focus and intensity build . ext . greenville civic auditorium - parking lot - short time later cassidy pull into the lot . there 's a lot more car than when Randy pull in . int . greenville civic auditorium - outer concourse - short time later the building 's outer concourse . a handful of fan mill about at a concession stand and a souvenir table . cassidy , hand a ticket to a usher , enter the building . she look around the concourse , not quite sure where to go . int . locker room - later Randy , suite up in he tight , pace the floor , gear himself up for the match . the only other wrestler in the locker room at the moment be the Ayatollah , do neck roll nearby . Randy catch he eye . randy ready to do this ? through the wall , arabic music start to play . the ayatollah believe so . the Ayatollah grab a large iranian flag lean against the locker . he head toward a entrance curtain , Randy close behind . announcer ( 0.s . ) ( through curtain ) from the Islamic Republic of Iran , weigh in at 252 pound ... the Tehran terror , the Beast of the Middle East ... ( beat ) the ayaaa-tooo-laaaaaah ! 108. the Ayatollah step through the curtain , iranian flag raise high . he be promptly greet with lusty boos . int . outer concourse - continuous cassidy be walk around the concourse with a mount sense urgency . she spot a security guy in a yellow windbreaker sit by a unmarked door . she head toward he . cassidy Excuse I . int . locker room —- continuous Randy be peer through the narrow gap in the curtain , watch the Ayatollah make he entrance . the ayatollah ( 0.s. ) ( faint , amidst the boo ) death to America ! cassidy ( 0.s. ) Randy . Randy , turn , be surprised to see cassidy stand there . she look tired and worried and scared . randy what be you do here ? cassidy do not do this . this be dumb . randy this be not the best time to talk . randy ( cont 'd ) what about you heart ? randy ( cont 'd ) I will be fine . cassidy I think the doctor ... randy they always say that . whatever you get . cassidy you could really hurt yourself . 109 . randy I know what I be do in there . ( turn vaguely sad ) out here 's where I get hurt . cassidy out here 's what count . the real world . randy fuck the real world . nobody give a shit about I in the real world . cassidy I quit my job , drive 14 hour through the night to get here . what do you call that ? Randy look away , unable to hold she gaze . through the curtain , we hear the Arabic music die down . announcer ( 0.s. ) ( from auditorium ) and he opponent ... a new , familiar song rise on the auditorium speaker . music : ac / DC - '' if you want blood ( you got it ) '' the crowd roar . randy ( point to curtain ) listen to they ! this be where I be great . this be where I belong . Randy look at the curtain . he look at cassidy . announcer ( 0.s. ) from Elizabeth , New Jersey , weigh in at 219 pound ... randy I gotta go . cassidy Randy . please . randy I will see you after the show . cassidy ( grab he ) no. 110 . he pull she off . randy enjoy the show . he turn away from she , toward the curtain . announcer ( 0.s . ) a true wrestle immortal , one of the great of all time ... ( beat ) Randy '' the Ram " robinnnnsonnnnn ! he step through . int . auditorium - continuous Randy burst through the curtain to huge cheer . there 's probably 700 people there in the 2,200 - seat facility . int . commentator 's table — continuous seat at a ringside table be the match 's commentator , a pair of wannabe marv albert in they 20 . a sign tape to the table read CAROLINA wrestling network . next to the table be a videocamera on a tripod . commentator # 1 there he be , folk ! Randy the Ram ! Randy raise a set of ram 's horn high in the air . fan do the same in tribute . commentator # 2 History about to be make here at the greenville Civic auditorium . Randy take a long lap around the ring , ramming chair after chair . his head get a little bloody . the fan eat it up . Randy climb into the ring , where the Ayatollah await . the cheer continue . love , appreciative , sustained cheer . Randy stand there soaking it in , bask in they love . he grab the microphone from the ring announcer . he look around . a hush come over the crowd . randy I just get one thing to say to you people ... 111. Randy look toward cassidy , stand over by the entrance curtain . he look out at the larger crowd . randy ( cont 'd ) thank you . loud cheer . Randy take a contemplative pause . randy ( cont 'd ) you take you lump and bruise in this game . but you know what ? it 's all worth it . because of you guy . you cheer keep I young . they make I feel alive . ( beat ) in 1982 , the year I wrestle my first professional match , I be six - foot-one . by 1993 , I be five - foot - — eleven . Three back surgeries in 11 year knock two full inch off my height . I may be down to five - eleven , but perform in front of you people have always make I feel 10 foot tall . and that 's the way it 's always gonna be . Randy look toward cassidy , who 's stand over by the entrance curtain . they eye meet . randy ( cont 'd ) forever . Randy lower the mike , finish . the fan cheer wildly , the loudest cheer yet . as Randy nod appreciatively at the crowd , the Ayatollah sneak up behind he with a fold chair . fan shout , try to warn Randy about the sneak attack , but he do not hear they . the Ayatollah smashes he over the head . Randy go down . the match be on . the Ayatollah pick up Randy and throw he into the rope . Randy bounce back toward the Ayatollah , who lazily put up a elbow for Randy to run into . Randy practically have to lead he face to the elbow . hitting the mat , Randy pop back up and grab the Ayatollah . the Ayatollah , phone it in , throw Randy into the rope again . this time , the Ayatollah have a raise knee wait for Randy . Randy run into it , do he best to sell the shot . 112 . randy ( cont 'd ) ( under breath ) you be workin’ pretty light here . Randy get up and grab the Ayatollah 's arm . with a nifty move , he flip the Ayatollah over he shoulder , slamming he hard into the mat . Randy fall on top of he , press the Ayatollah 's face into the canvas . the ayatollah Jesus . relax . Randy flip the Ayatollah over onto he back , pin he shoulder blade . the ref swoops in . referee one !... two !... the Ayatollah kick out . they both get up . the Ayatollah jog toward the rope . he bounce off . Randy brace for something good , but all he get be a feeble chest slap . Randy grab the Ayatollah and put he in a headlock . randy anytime you wanna join in . Randy scoops up the Ayatollah and drop he over he knee with a backbreaker . the Ayatollah grimace in pain as he hit the mat . before he have a chance to get up , Randy hit he with a flying elbow drop . the Ayatollah get up , piss at the rough treatment . Randy go for a dropkick , but the Ayatollah catch he ankle in midair . he jerk upward on Randy 's leg , send Randy crashing to the mat on the back of he head . the Ayatollah fall on Randy 's throat with he knee . he grind Randy 's face into the canvas as Randy do to he . entrance curtain : cassidy be cring . it 's hard for she to watch this . the ring : the ayatollah that better ? randy much . 113 . the Ayatollah pick up Randy and throw he into the rope . Randy bounce back , fling himself sideways at the Ayatollah . the Ayatollah catch he in mid-air , cradling he in he arm . the Ayatollah drop Randy onto he bent knee . Randy fall to the canvas , clutching he side . the Ayatollah fall on top of he . the ayatollah forget how much fun this be . the ref swoops in . referee one !... two !... Randy kick out . as Randy '' recover '' , the Ayatollah jump out of the ring and grab a fold chair . the Ayatollah , climb back in , prop up the chair in a corner . he pick Randy off the mat and fling he at the chair . Randy vault over it , sailing through the rope and out of the ring . he hit the concrete floor , crashing against the metal barricade . entrance curtain : cassidy wince . she start to tear up a little . the ring : the Ayatollah hop out of the ring . he stand over Randy , kick he repeatedly . he grab he iranian flag , wave it tauntingly at the crowd . fan # 1 ( 0.s. ) fan # 2 ( 0.s. ) camelfucker ! fat piece of shit ! the Ayatollah look down at Randy . the ayatollah pathetic. ( " spit '' on Randy ) pitiful godless infidel ! the crowd : boos rain down on the Ayatollah . 114 . just outside ring : the Ayatollah take the butt end of he flag pole and jab it into Randy 's side . Randy grimace in pain . the Ayatollah unty the flag from its pole and wrap it around Randy 's neck . he jerk upward on the flag , lift Randy off the mat by he neck . Randy thrashes around , fight for breath . the Ayatollah release Randy from the choke . Randy crumple to the ground , gasp for air . the Ayatollah pick up Randy by he hair and fling he back in the ring . the ring : the Ayatollah grab the fold chair from the corner . he smashes randy over the head with it . Randy 's forehead be bleeding . the Ayatollah hit he again , take dead aim at the forehead cut . more blood . Randy crumple to the mat . entrance curtain : cassidy , alarmed , instinctively go halfway toward the ring . cassidy Randy ! the ring : the Ayatollah scoops up Randy and bodyslam he . he fall on Randy knee - first and start punch he repeatedly . the ayatollah ( under breath ) wanna take it home ? Randy 's eye drift in cassidy 's direction . randy'' Pov : cassidy be crying . cassidy stop it ! stop it , Randy ! Randy turn back to the Ayatollah . randy it 's time . the ayatollah all you , bro . lead the way . 115 . Randy flip the Ayatollah over . Randy struggle to he foot . he pick up the Ayatollah and level he with a dropkick . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) dropkick ! ( a second one ) and another ! ( a third one ) and another ! his heart be pounding . the fan sense it 's near the end . a chant rise : crowd ( 0.s. ) Ram jam ! Ram jam ! Ram jam !... Randy fall on top of the Ayatollah , put he in a rest - move headlock . crowd ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Ram jam ! Ram jam ! Ram jam !... commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) just listen to this crowd ! the Ayatollah can hear how labor Randy 's breathe be . the ayatollah if you be not up to it ... crowd ( 0.s. ) Ram jam ! Ram jam ! Ram jam !... Randy look around at the crowd , chant , hungry for the Ram jam . he look the Ayatollah in the eye . randy let 's do this . Randy get up . he lift the Ayatollah off the mat , lock up with he chest - to-chest . he arch he back and thrust he hip . the Ayatollah 's foot fly off the canvas as he leg whip into the air . his body do a complete flip as he slam onto he back . Randy stay with he , he body contort in a tight back flip as he crash down on top of he . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) lateral drop ! Randy get up . his heart lurch . he lower himself back down to he knee . put he hand to he chest . something just happen . 116 . Randy look out at the crowd . the whole place be on its foot . crowd ( 0.s. ) Ram jam ! Ram jam ! Ram jam !... Randy 's heart lurch again . the ayatollah y’ okay ? the Ayatollah see he 's clearly not . the ayatollah ( cont ’d ) just pin I . Randy look out at the crowd again . the fan be in a frenzy . crowd ( 0.s. ) ram jam ! ram jam ! ram jam !... the ayatollah ( 0.s. ) finish it . pin I . Randy be tear . he ... get up . Randy stagger to the corner . his heartbeat be unnatural and deafening . ba-bloom , ba-bloom , ba-bloom ... on cassidy : cassidy can not take any more . she turn and walk . on randy : Randy plant a foot on the bottom rope . he look toward cassidy . randy'' Pov : he catch a glimpse of cassidy disappear through the curtain into the locker room . Randy look out on the crowd . chant , cheer . he start to climb . stand on the top rope , he look again at the curtain . she 's go . hallway : cassidy exit the arena sobbing . 117 . the ring : the Ayatollah lie on the ground in pain . on randy : Randy raise he arm and stick he elbow out , press he fist to the side of he head to form a set of ram 's horn . commentator # 2 ( 0o.s. ) uh-oh , the horn be out ... Randy take a long look around the auditorium , linger on the fan 's face , savore they cheer . he smile . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) here we go ... ba-bloom , ba-bloom , ba-bloom ... he leap . freeze on Randy in mid-air , glorious and immortal . end .