cliffhanger written by Michael France ext . mountain range - helicopter shot - day a unparalleled set of sheer mountain -- part of the Colorado Rockies . the peak rise a challenging half mile and more out of the valley -- wind - whipped snow mist over the mountain like a low fog . the tranquility be break as a helicopter blast into view , fight the wind as it head for the center of it all . we credit fly we past and through this magnificent range . there be sky-pierce peak that slope up to a narrow , high pinnacle -- and other that be steel , straight - up approach to large plateaus . one of the mountain have a crystal lake on top -- with a waterfall that drain from it and exit from the middle of a mountain wall . nearby , a abandon cable ladder be bolt into the same wall , lead to the top . back in the helicopter we can see a man sit in its doorway , look out -- int / ext helicopter - binocular Pov the glass scan systematically , slowly -- to we , it look like nothing more than a field of gray and white . frank ( o.s. ) nothing yet . ext . the mountain - long shot the helicopter now circle this tallest mountain -- " the Tower " , separate from a lower but equally formidable peak by a chasm of two hundred foot -- that drop 3,500 foot below . inside helicopter - frank and maggie spotter frank newell ( 5as ) scan the mountain wall . maggie deighan ( 30 ) expertly pilot the helicopter through the storm wind . both wear orange jacket identify themselves as member of the Rocky Mountain Park rescue team . frank wait a minute -- there 's hal. ( beat ) and he date . binocular Pov - a ledge that 's part of the smaller peak . hal tucker ( 30 ) and he " date " , susan collin ( 20 ) , be deck out in climb gear . hal 's aplomb suggest he 's a veteran climber -- Susan 's worried look show she be not . hal and Susan huddle together , both cold , but okay . hal have a makeshift splint wrap around he lower leg , and a slow burn flare in one hand . inside helicopter Frank lower he glass -- maggie struggle with the wind . maggie how do they look ? binocular Pov - hal and susan hal , now aware of the copter , look towards it , smile -- and start jerk off the flare . frank ( o.s. ) he 's signal " okay . " maggie ( o.s. ) where 's gabe ? the Pov dip down -- there 's somebody climb below , in a orange rescue jacket . frank ( o.s. ) right where he 's suppose to be . closer on the climber this be gabe WALKER ( 30 ) . in spite of the cold and the snow , he 's fearlessly , swiftly scale the tower without safety line , as if he 's do it a hundred time . that 's because he have do it a hundred time . this be what gabe life for . on the ledge gabe , almost there , find a fingertip-width handhold at arm 's length -- grab it , he pull himself up on the ledge with a move that 's just a little tougher than chin yourself on a doorjamb . wind , gabe slump down next to the couple , and try to light a cigarette . the lighter only spark . hal Excuse I -- I know you be my salvation , and all -- do you think you could rescue we before you smoke break ? hal pull out a box of wooden match and light one bogart style , one - hand with a thumbnail , cupping a hand to shield it against the wind . gabe bend down for it -- a familiar routine . we know in a glance they have be friend for year . gabe maybe you could tell I why I be rescue you . hal basically -- I have fall down , and I can not get up ... gabe ( into radio ) rescue one -- have locate helpless climber , please prepare idiot line for transport , over -- the helicopter dip down towards the ledge -- no way can it land there . Frank lower a rescue wire to gabe who precariously swing out from the ledge to grab it -- the wire be just out of reach . hal grab the radio . hal rescue one -- please remind I to tell you about the time I haul you hero here down mt. huntington on my back , over -- maggie ( o.s. ) ( through radio ) hal , if I hear that story one more time , I be make you limp down the entire three thousand foot , over -- gabe finally grab the line , secure it to a heavy piton , and hammer it into the wall . gabe ( to Susan ) this guy show you a good time ? the helicopter swing over across to the face mountain -- maggie land the copter , in spite of the wind , on a small plateau . Frank get out to secure the wire -- there 's now a lifeline span the chasm . on the ledge gabe finish anchore the line in the rock -- he extinguish he cigarette in the snow , and naturally , pocket the butt . hal , propped up against the wall , expertly rig a seat harness around he leg -- Susan help he get part of it around he splint , and gabe clip it to the line . gabe now , remember -- keep you arm and leg within the vehicle at all time -- hal ( laugh ) fuck you -- with that , hal pull himself hand - over-hand across the sloping line -- hal make a point of look down -- hal be Pov -- the drop be vertigo define . thirty five hundred foot straight down . you could stack the World Trade Center tower on top of each other and they would still be short than this mountain be high . however -- hal let go of the overhead line and clap he hand to he face in mock horror -- he quickly whizze down the last thirty foot of the line , where Frank catch he and pull he out . hal get out of the harness , check every stitch of it , signal thumb - up , and send it back . the ledge gabe , retrieve the harness on a small attachment line , and give Susan a reassure smile , but she 's still , sensibly , very scared . gabe recover the harness , rig Susan into it , and meticulously re-check it . gabe ready ? ( see she 's afraid ) do he tell you about the time he almost make it up everest ? susan he say you give he a bad oxygen mask -- gabe well , if he 's bored you with that bullshit , then this have to be the best part of a bad date . right ? Susan nervously laugh . gabe ready ? susan ( scared but tough ) okay -- gabe start to push she out on the line , but she grab he arm in a panic . susan I can not -- Susan start to tilt she head down -- gabe gently take hold of she chin , turn she view up to face he . gabe yes you can . ( reassure ) you can do it . do not look down . the whole way across , do not look down . look at I . just keep look at I -- and you will be okay . Susan look at gabe -- try to be confident -- nod . gabe sure ? susan yeah . ( beat ) I have always depend on the kindness of ranger . gabe grin and gently push she out . Susan tentatively pull herself across -- then develop a rhythm , building speed -- gabe Pov - susan inching away in the harness , look more confident now -- susan be Pov - gabe signal " ok " -- " you be do fine " -- susan - another angle thirty foot out , go fine -- insert -- a harness clip hold the strap under Susan 's leave leg break -- gabe Pov - susan the harness completely unravel all at once , its strand shoot through the clip -- what be a seat have become a trap door in half a second -- as the harness shoot out from under she , Susan fall but grab the harness strand -- hal be helpless , and can only watch as susan too scared to breathe , dangle on the remain strand of what use to be the harness -- she sway from the wind and the jerk of she own weight , she grip loosen -- insert - the top clip that be support all of Susan 's weight be be seriously test -- a single knot in the harness have catch there , but it clearly will not last long -- gabe move back from the ledge . gabe ( loud , in control ) hold on . I be come out to get you . gabe gently pull himself up on the line , cross he ankle on it , and clip himself on with a three foot safety line . gabe start smoothly , quickly pull himself out , but -- susan be in trouble -- the bob of the line from gabe 's weight and the wind be make she lose she grip even more -- gabe urgently pull himself along the line faster , try not to shake the line . as he get closer and closer to a terrify Susan , he eye lock on hers -- gabe keep look at I . hold on -- wider angle gabe be only ten foot away from -- susan who stare at gabe , petrify -- this focus be help , but she strength be just about go -- insert - the clip the knot have work itself halfway through -- it do not make any difference how tight she hold on to the harness , the harness itself be let go -- on gabe who know it and pull himself the rest of the way , a little faster , almost bridge the gap -- on susan stare desperately at gabe , hold on -- insert - the top clip that 's keep Susan alive surrender the knot -- it pass through , and susan fall -- gabe deliberately let go of the main line and launch himself at Susan -- there hand miss -- angle on both gabe 's three foot safety line pull taut , testing the limit of the line above as it yank he back -- gabe Pov - susan be just out of reach -- she hand be still stretch out , she eye still lock on gabe who can only look down , sway helplessly on the wire as Susan 's scream start -- on the opposite side Frank and maggie look down in horror , but neither look as anguish as hal -- long shot - susan fall -- fall -- fall -- look very small against the vast mountain range -- susan be Pov - falling from this height take the longest nineteen second you can imagine -- gabe twist from he safety line , spin helplessly -- he want to , but can not , shut he eye -- gabe Pov - the chasm Susan be go . her scream , cut short , echoe -- the " safety " harness spiral down after she like a carefree bird -- smash CUT to : int / ext SMALL airliner - gabe Pov out window - day as the plane dip to land , gabe can see a bird circle far below , over the same mountainous terrain . int . SMALL airliner - gabe sweat , panting , awake . it have not be that long since the accident -- a year , to be exact -- but he look older . he look as if he 's watch Susan Collins drop at least one hundred time . gabe reel himself in as a stewardess hand he a glass of water . stewardess take this . ( gabe do ) afraid of fly ? gabe shake he head . gabe falling . int . terminal - day gabe , with no luggage , be at the small airport 's only car rental counter , do the paperwork for a rental agent . rental agent midsize ? gabe any size , any color , any model . rental agent how long will you be need it ? gabe ( flat ) just under six hour . maggie ( o.s. ) you be not waste any time , be you ? gabe turn and look at maggie who be stand off to the side . maggie I know you would be come by . today . gabe 's happy to see she -- but at the same time , he be not . she look too good -- and she bring up quite a mix bag of memory . maggie carve on a smile . maggie if you be in that much of a hurry , why do not you ride with I ? int . rescue helicopter - day maggie pilot the copter , head out toward the mountain range . gabe fiddle with some of the equipment inside . both grope for a way to start the conversation . gabe this be new ... maggie it 's a thermal scope -- pick up body heat of lose hiker -- gabe flick it on , look at the total absence of heat as they fly over the snow . gabe still find the dead one the old fashioned way , I guess . so much for small talk . gabe be clearly uneasy watch this mountain go by . maggie break a awkward silence -- maggie you could have say goodbye . gabe ( shake head ) if I do , I would have to listen to you tell I one more time that it be not my fault . maggie ( angry ) today -- especially today -- you get to hear it again . the harness clip break . cold stress -- one in a million equipment failure . you and hal could have check it from then till now and it still would have happen . ( beat ) you do everything right -- gabe -- if I do everything right , Susan Collins would still be alive . the helicopter whizze on to the Ranger station -- a small building by a old country road . not much activity outside of some rookie climber work out on a climbing practice wall . maggie start to land the copter , and as she do -- inside the copter gabe do you really believe all that ? that it be not we fault ? maggie slow the rotor , she eye on the control . gabe 's eye be lock on she . maggie ( turn to gabe ) yes . yes , I do . but she answer a half beat too slow . the helicopter touch ground . gabe I be not sure what I wish more , maggie . that you mean what you say , just now -- or that it be really true then . ext . ranger station hal , wear sheriff 's garb , storm towards maggie 's side of the copter as the engine shut off and the rotor die . hal maggie , where the hell have you be ? I have get two climber out -- gabe get out of the copter , and hal see he for the first time . unlike the last time we see they , neither man be glad to see the other . hal turn on maggie . hal brett and Evan be up there again to jump off the spur . they wife call twice . I want you in the air and I want they find before the storm system move in . ( maggie hesitates ) now . maggie take off as gabe and hal step away from the copter . gabe eye hal 's uniform and almost -- not quite but almost -- laugh . gabe Christ . you be in charge of rescue now ? hal there be a vacancy . maybe you hear about it . the last guy lose he nerve and light out of town . gabe well , you be a better man than I be , hal . nothing rattles you . the rookie climber get off the practice wall to watch this faceoff . gabe and hal be one crack away from beat hell out of each other . Frank head over to defuse the confrontation . frank ( steering gabe away ) gabe ! Long time , son -- why do not you come meet some of the new guy -- gabe good idea . say , hal ? ( beat ) why do not you come with I so we can show this rookie how to death-rig a woman properly ? that tear it -- hal rush gabe and they pummel each other until Frank and the other pull they apart , panting and bleed . hal throw off the man hold he back -- but instead of go at gabe again , hal throw gabe a set of car key . hal take the bronco to where you be go . I have already be . then go back to wherever it be you like to hide . and stay there . hal head back into the office -- gabe head for the bronco . CUT to : ext . denver mint - high angle - day the Southwest regional center for printing and distribute currency . hundred of troops stand guard over the impressive U.S. treasury complex . int . treasury compound - a huge printing PRESS be at work -- the roar of its part be deafen as it stamp out a plate design on huge sheet of paper -- we move in on the paper which be move by mechanical arm to a slicer that razor the bill apart -- it 's move too fast for we to see the denomination -- the cut bill be separate by -- four separation chute that fire the bill down to a mechanical counter that serialize , count , band and stack they faster than any human could -- a hand reach to pick up a band -- the bill be something a banker could work a lifetime without see , but be real nonetheless -- $ 5,000 bill , band here in hundred . the band be put back in the grow stack by richard traver mid-thirty , a tough , impose treasury agent -- he regards the fortune pile up in front of he with only cold , professional interest . travers be flanke by a trio of equally tough treasury agent -- he turn to flunky davis ( 20 ) . it 's clear who 's in charge of protect the money here , and who 's in charge of count it . traver tell wright the San Francisco shipment be ready . david ( phone already out ) right away , Mr. travers . as Davis dial we move to -- the office of walter wright ( 5as ) , comptroller of currency -- he demeanor suggest he 's in control , and use to keep it that way . wright ( into phone ) good -- good . I will be right down . as wright get up from he desk , though , we hear in the outer office -- secretary ( o.s. ) you can not go in there -- matheson ( o.s. ) watch I . kurt matheson ( 30 ) burst into the office , trail by wright 's flustered secretary . matheson walter wright ? ( flash badge ) matheson . FBI . we need to talk . printing compound - the money have now be pack into a trio of metal briefcase -- ten thousand $ 5,000 bill . travers shut the case in turn , and lock each with a electronic key card , trigger a flashing red light on the lock as he do . a uniform pilot show up behind travers as he cuff the case to the hand of the three other agent . pilot we will be fuel and ready in ten minute , Mr. travers . traver ( a order ) be ready in five . matheson ( o.s. ) go ahead and take ten . we will need the time . travers look up at matheson , who have just arrive with wright . travers be instantly furious at the challenge to he authority . matheson ( flash badge ) matheson . FBI . traver ( look down at it ) you parent must be proud . ( to wright ) what the fuck be this about ? wright small problem with the shipment , travers . ( to matheson ) tell he what you just tell I . matheson draw out a file and hand it to travers . matheson we get word that somebody 's be observe you currency shipment -- this load , the $ 5,000s -- over the last three delivery . traver ( laugh ) there be not a hell of a lot anyone can do but observe . ( beat ) this be the most protect shipment we have get -- and the most useless for a thief . that bill be not in circulation . you think five thousand dollar bill be easy to pass ? who the fuck would try ? matheson hand travers a folder . matheson this guy might . we look over travers ' shoulder at the photo , which be all blurry , all blow up from different surveillance picture -- and all of they show eric qualen . traver who be he ? mather ( patient ) his name 's Eric qualen . one of the East german spy who get shut out by the reunification . the CIA issue a inter-agency warning about he right after the wall come down . he 's get nowhere to go and nothing to lose . he 's also get the international connection to get rid of bill like this -- and he 's probably desperate enough to try for they . fifty million buck busy a lot of sanctuary . traver could you get to the part where I be suppose to care ? matheson ( show he more photo ) we have two agent monitoring he . this two -- gleason and quinone . they last report say he be go to try to take this shipment . traver ( turn away ) thanks for the tip . but I have get work to do . matheson ( stop he ) do I say " last " report ? I think I do . I mean last fuck report . this guy have vanish . traver you have my sympathy , but -- ( exasperate ) there 's a reason we do thing this way , all right ? armore car can be hijacked . train can be derail . but nobody can get to we in flight . the only time this be on the ground be at the mint , or on the presidio runway in San Francisco . either way , someone would have to shoot he way past a couple of thousand guard . matheson still be not convinced . traver if you be worried about a inside job , forget it . I check the plane from top to bottom a hour ago . and this three be my best against . even if one of they do go skydiving , they would not get far . each case have a electronic tracer with a range of one hundred mile . travers pull a tracking device about the size of a watchman out of he jacket pocket . the small screen show three red blip at rest -- match the three currency case . traver ( face down matheson ) I have not lose a bill in eight year . and I be not scrubbing this shipment because you scare easily . matheson ( a easy smile ) who say anything about stop the shipment ? ( beat ) I have be tracking qualen for almost a year . if he pull something , I want to be in on the party . travers , angry , turn to wright . wright clearly do not like this either , but be resign to it . wright this be clear from the top , travers . matheson will accompany you on the flight to San Francisco . ( beat ) show he every professional courtesy . travers turn back to a smile matheson , look like he would rather kill he instead , as we -- CUT to : ext . mountain range - maggie' helicopter be be buffete by storm wind and a light snow -- maggie struggle hard with the control , but -- inside helicopter visibility be near zero . maggie key the radio . maggie rescue one to base , over . hal ( o.s. ) rescue one -- have you sighted they ? over -- maggie negative , hal -- storm 's already move in -- I can not see they , and wind be too strong to stay up here -- over -- hal ( o.s. ) rescue one -- abort . they will be all right . brett and Evan be dumb enough not to log in , but they be smart enough to have storm gear . head back to base . ( not unkindly ) maybe you can catch gabe before he leave . over . maggie I do not think he 's plan a long visit , hal. ( back to business ) rescue one head back to base , over and out . the helicopter bank a 180 to fly back -- we can see over the horizon that the storm be move in fast . int . cave - day we can hear maggie 's helicopter fly off overhead -- campe inside the cave be BRETT and evan , both 20 , both shiver , amid they gear -- backpack , cooking stuff -- and parachute . this be Colorado rock jock -- thrillseeker who will try anything if the odd be strong enough they will die in the process . evan ( freezing ) Way to check the weather , brett . BRETT ( shiver yet macho ) hey . if it be easy , it would not be worth d-do . CUT to : ext . treasury jet ( DC - 9 ) - day the DC - 9 cruise over increasingly mountainous , remote terrain . int . jet - close on traver who look tense -- we move around the cabin and find two more relaxed treasury agent be doze on the opposite side of the plane , they arm chain to the currency case . matheson be edgy . another agent offer some condescending reassurance . agent just enjoy the view , huh ? ( matheson say nothing ) relax . I mean , what could happen in the air ? matheson turn back to he window and look down -- window Pov - the ground below be cover with snow -- the jet 's shadow move sleekly and plainly over it . but after a moment we see -- -- another jet 's shadow on the ground , come up fast ! inside the DC - 9 - matheson react this and shift he look upward to -- window Pov - another plane ( gulfstream ) be fly a parallel course to the treasury jet , and be just one hundred yard away . Close enough to see Eric qualen 's face in one of the window . inside the plane matheson stand -- travers have notice the plane by now too , and get out of he seat as the other agent react . traver ( to other agent ) stay put ! do not panic , goddammit ! travers move into the cockpit where the pilot seem nervous , but oddly , not frighten . pilot he 's come in too slow . traver ( cool ) no -- we be go too fast , and we be too high up . push flap forward twenty degree and drop to five thousand foot . the cabin matheson be out of he seat , pistol draw . seem a little puny under the circumstance . matheson ( to agent ) you get any rifle ? agent forward compartment -- leave side -- matheson rush through a curtain to the area between the cabin and the cockpit and pull open a closet door . to he horror , he find inside not rifle , but two dead body who we will recognize as the miss FBI agent from the photo matheson show travers . matheson back up in horror -- and he see travers calmly come out of the cockpit . rattled , matheson pull he gun on travers . travers look dumbfounded -- then angry . traver what the hell be you do -- matheson checked the plane from top to bottom , huh ? you fucker -- ( click hammer back ) put you hand behind you head ! it 's over ! travers put he hand out and walk forward -- slowly , back matheson into the cabin . not in surrender , but as if he 's calming a nutcase . the other agent see this and do not know which way to jump . traver calm down -- give the gun to I -- matheson ( to other agent ) there 's a couple of dead body in the front compartment -- they be FBI agent -- traver he 's lose it -- they now think matheson be crazy too -- he look nut -- the other agent move behind he . matheson get even more frantic and point he gun at they . matheson goddamn it ! do not you see what he 's do ! he 's hijack the fuck shipment ! ( back to travers ) do not make I shoot you ! the other two agent get behind matheson and rapidly disarm he . travers pull out he gun with a slow , leisurely move . traver do not make I laugh . travers fire he gun three time , one for each agent 's chest -- the agent be cut down , realize too late what 's happen . a fourth shot knock matheson over a seat as if he would be kick . travers put he gun away and put on a radio headset as he go to a window . traver ( to mouthpiece ) move into position . ext . qualen be jet - gulfstream maneuver over the DC - 9 -- and hold steady above it . CUT to : ext . cemetery marker - colorado - day the stone read " Susan Collins -- 1965 - 1991 " . it 's surround by wreath -- one of which have a old snapshot of she attach to it . mementos send on the first anniversary of she death . gabe brushes some of the fall snow away from the marker . he lay down he flower and pause for a moment -- then get into the bronco and drive away . int . ford bronco - day gabe look out the window at the countryside he use to belong in . he 's wonder if he still do . CUT to : ext . treasury jet / qualen be jet - flying qualen 's jet be now fly parallel to , and slightly above , the treasury jet . the door in qualen 's jet be open , and we get we first good look at -- int / ext . qualen' jet -- qualen , who be also wear a headset radio and be wire to a safety line in the jet . he 's lowering a thick steel cable down to the treasury jet . qualen be as deadly as advertise -- 150 mph wind be tear at he through the open door , but he be unfaze and unfrighten . traver be also wire to a safety line by he own jet 's open door . traver ( into radio ) more -- more -- keep it come -- the two plane qualen 's jet lower the cable into the treasury jet -- it look like a Air Force midair refuell -- difficult and dangerous . after about thirty foot of line be lower -- traver -- take it in and clip it to a ring at the top of the jet 's doorway . traver ( into radio ) lock on . move into lateral position . inside qualen' plane the pilot , kristel , be a woman . her skill , like she hard beauty , can be measure in a glance : she 's a lot calmer than she counterpart in the treasury plane . kristel move into lateral position . on the two plane qualen 's jet lower itself , banking to the side -- the treasury jet raise itself . both be now fly side by side , with the cable serve as a thirty foot bridge . treasury jet cabin travers , unclipped from he safety line , cautiously go to the cockpit . the pilot , nervous , struggle with the control . pilot we be right on the edge of the storm -- let 's move it . travers pull the two dead FBI agent out of the compartment -- one be dress in a fly suit like the pilot , one in a suit like travers . pilot this be not go to work -- wright will suspect something . traver so what . he will sift though a plane that go down in a storm -- ( gesture to body ) -- find enough pulverize bone for six man heroically kill in the line of duty -- ( find three suitcase ) -- and just enough of the right kind of ash . travers open one of the case , which be identical to the other -- except that it 's full of one dollar bill . he 's think of everything . traver we get twenty - one gun funeral and they write off fifty million . it 's perfect , as long as you hold the plane steady -- so concentrate . travers move back into the cabin . inside qualen' jet we can now see four other passenger . all be fit and armed -- heldon and ryan be seat , while kynette and delmer , ready to help with the transfer , be on the opposite side of the door from a very impatient qualen . qualen ( into radio ) travers -- hurry it up . inside treasury jet travers , now in a harness like the one see earlier -- uncuff the money case from the agent . traver ( into radio ) on my way . travers step back into the cockpit and flip a toggle switch over and LED -- the LED start count down from 2:00 -- 1:59 -- 1:58 -- in the cockpit even in the last minute , the storm 's get worse -- the plane be fly right into the blackest center of it . the pilot look more panicked than ever . traver that charge be go to blow both engine -- the plane will go down like a rock , so clip yourself on to the end of the cable with the money as soon as I get over . ( a afterthought ) and make sure you bring the right case . travers head back into the cabin and hook he harness to the cable between the plane . traver ( into the headset ) dip the plane . I be come over . the jets - long shot qualen 's jet dip down so there 's a sharp incline -- travers start the slide down , zipping in second across into qualen' jet where he 's pull in and unclipped by qualen . qualen ( shouting over the wind ) why do not you send the money over ? traver ( shouting too ) somehow , I do not think you would have wait for I if I would send it first . qualen smile in reply . no. maybe he would not . in the treasury plane cockpit the pilot lock the control and rush back to the cabin . the LED count down -- 0:38 -- 0:37 -- 0:38 -- in the treasury plane cabin the pilot gather the case and use they cuff to attach they to the cable -- but as he step past the body of -- the agent matheson 's eye open -- he 's not dead yet . in the cabin the pilot click the last of the three case onto the cable and be about to put he harness on -- but behind he , matheson shakily crawl to he foot , draw he gun , and shoot the pilot in the back twice . the pilot drop out of the plane , flail -- if he 's scream , we can not hear it over the howling of the storm -- in qualen' jet qualen and travers be watch the whole plan unravel -- traver ( shouting to cockpit ) get underneath the jet ! the case will slide over ! the jets - long shot qualen 's jet sharply dip down and the case start to slide over -- but at the same time -- inside the treasury jet matheson , groggy , hold onto the doorway and fire a full clip from he automatic at qualen 's jet -- and the LED count down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- 0:00 -- and the treasury jet' engine be destroy as the charge detonate -- the jets - long shot as promise , the treasury jet be now plummett as if it have no wing at all , levelling the angle between the plane -- the case dangle precariously on the wire -- inside qualen' jet traver ( shouting ) lower ! get underneath it ! inside treasury jet matheson struggle to the cockpit and get behind the control -- as if that 's go to do any good -- the jets - long shot qualen 's jet be deliberately racing the disabled treasury jet down , but it 's hopeless -- there 's no way to get underneath the fall jet long enough for the case to slide over . inside qualen be jet - kristel be not quite panicked . yet . kristel it 's drag we down ! disconnect the cable ! int . qualen be jet - cabin heldon and Ryan try to do just that , but the cable be taut -- there 's no way to loosen the clip on the door -- both jets dive down faster at a ever steeper angle , over the edge of the Colorado mountain range -- inside the treasury jet -- the clip on the door finally break -- both jets - long shot -- the treasury jet drop as qualen 's jet , trail the cable and the money , sharply shoot upward -- the treasury jet make a one point landing nose first into the wilderness , cartwheel into a fireball ! int . / ext . ranger station the sound of the explosion , muffle in the wind , far-off , but audible , drive hal outside -- he 's alert , but can not see anything in the murk of the storm -- int . qualen be jet - the cockpit - kristel level off the plane , but it 's still in trouble -- cabin - qualen and traver struggle to reel in the cable , because -- close on the cable the money case be still , barely , hold on , the cuff catch on the break clip at the end -- qualen and traver be not even bother with the electric winch , they be drag it in hand over hand -- but -- close on the cable -- the case , tear by the wind , work they way loose one at a time and drop -- one -- two -- three -- into the snowy mountain below ! in the cabin heldon and Ryan clamp the door shut as qualen angrily attack travers -- the cockpit - kristel try to bring the plane up , but can not -- the fuel guage needle be drop fast -- insert - the wing be pour out fuel through a dozen bullet hole -- one of two engine sputter to a stop . the cockpit - kristel Pov the plane be now just skirt the mountain top , and be still be batter by storm wind -- kristel aim it for what look like the flattest , longest mountain top -- the cabin kynette and Ryan grab qualen and travers to separate they -- all strap in , because the plane be go down -- it just top the edge of a precipice and hit the ground level -- the mountain top - long shot -- the problem be , the ground itself be not level , it tilt down towards another edge five hundred yard distant -- if the plane keep skid , it will go over the edge -- the plane sleds down at a angle , skip over rock -- -- through tree -- -- tear off a wing -- the cockpit kristel ride the stick only out of habit -- nothing she do be go to matter now -- inside the cabin the man be jolted around -- window implode as kynette try to protect a bag of what be obviously explosive -- the plane rip downhill through a wood area like a runaway train -- -- the second wing be shear off by tree -- cockpit Pov - the opposite edge be come up fast -- but the plane wrench to a sudden halt , the fuselage intact . wider view - the plane or what 's leave of it have stop several foot short of the edge -- we can see why : the steel cable , trail from the cargo door , have lash itself around a half dozen tree , act as a tripwire to stop the plane . inside the plane quiet . all be daze but , outside of superficial cut , unhurt . kristel move out of the cockpit , look around . kristel so much for phase one . ( to travers ) now what ? she speak for all of they -- especially a still - seethe qualen . travers pull out the tracer monitor for the case . the tracer screen show three distinct blip -- the tracers have survive the fall . traver now -- we call the police . int . ranger station - day hal , agitate , pace in the main office -- Frank , unconcern , put a coat hanger and some aluminum foil on a little tv to drag in the fade signal of a broncos game . hal look -- I know there 's a storm , but that be not thunder . frank ( unconcern ) hal , when you have be in this line as long as I have -- the station 's scanner radio bark to life . kristel ( o.s. ) ( panicky ) mayday -- mayday -- down DC -3 -- mayday -- hal run to the radio and key the mike . hal Rocky Mountain rescue -- come in , mayday -- int . cockpit kristel be on the radio , as travers and qualen hang back . kristel 's voice be panicked but she can not suppress a grin . kristel down charter flight alpha-charlie-niner -- ( key mike to " garble " transmission ) -- dead , seven seriously wounded , acknowledge -- int . ranger station hal acknowledge , mayday . what 's you position ? kristel ( o.s. ) ( " panicked " ) do not know -- position unknown -- land on top of some mountain -- only visual bear be a face cylinder - type formation -- over -- hal get to be comb bluff . ( key mike ) acknowledge , mayday . wind be too strong for we to get a copter up there -- can you and you passenger make it through the storm ? over -- kristel ( o.s. negative -- cockpit be on fire -- fuselage break into three sep - - ( " garble " ) -- ed in shock . need medical supplies , include insulin , repeat , insulin , as soon as po -- Dead silence . the transmission cut off / hal mayday -- come in , mayday -- int . cockpit kristel hang up the radio and smile , travers and qualen stand behind she . qualen lightly applaud . qualen not bad . the insulin be a nice touch . ext . country road - day the bronco wend through a wind country road , come finally to a cabin settle in a clear . gabe pull into the driveway and put the bronco in park . he do not cut the engine , because he 's not sure whether he 's go in or not . finally -- he cut the ignition . int . cabin - day a knock on the door bring no response -- no one inside . gabe open the unlock door -- and step inside . gabe maggie ? no answer . gabe take a look around the live room . his face tell we , without a doubt , this use to be he home . gabe move inside , pause at a mantle . two frame photo -- gabe and maggie sleep together in a hammock , bolt to a sheer wall over a 2,000 foot drop . gabe , hal and maggie , all young , all sport drunken grin , in a mountain cave . gabe smile for the first time today at this memory -- a banging at the back of the cabin shake he out of it . ext . cabin - day - the back door have come open and swing in the wind . gabe step outside and pull it shut . gabe look down and see track that lead to a small but sturdy shed a few yard away . gabe head over to it . int . shed - day not a storage shed at all -- it 's a small workspace that offer solid protection from the element , be well - light , and whistle - clean . maggie , in front of a table , pull a cover off . a large plastic cage -- inside be a bald eagle . one of maybe 2,000 leave in the country . its uneven feathering and small , gawky size tell we it be not nearly full grow . a bandage on its side tell we it 's be injure . maggie 's smile tell we it 's heal . maggie hey there -- the door to the shed open -- gabe step in , and shut the door behind he . maggie look surprised to see he . gabe just look awkward . gabe hi. ( beat ) could you introduce we ? maggie sure . gabe Walker -- this be a27 . a27 -- gabe . gabe not the tag -- what do you call he ? maggie her . I call she lucky . gabe ( bend down , eye wound ) poacher ? ( maggie nod ) bastard ... maggie they get the mother -- and leave this one behind . too small to make a decent trophy , I guess . gabe about four month , right ? ( maggie nod ) Christ -- it must have be just about he -- I mean she -- first flight -- maggie time to change the dress . maggie pull on a pair of pair of cowhide glove . gabe you can not do that alone -- maggie I have have to learn . she trust I -- maggie reach into the cage , but the eagle start thrashing . gabe I be make she nervous -- ( beat ) you hold she , I will do the dress . gabe find another pair of glove , sterile cotton pad and alcohol in a drawer -- maggie reach in and grab the eagle 's beak and talon quickly but gently , and take it out of the cage , hold it firm . this be clearly something they have do many time before . they move together , tight -- gabe and maggie both react to this bit of close contact as they bandage the eagle . it 's get warmer in here . gabe reach down and yank off the patch . the eagle thrashes as gabe clean the wound . gabe get some fight in she -- that 's good . ( beat ) what happen to Dave ? maggie the usual . flew off -- never call , never write -- gabe wince at this one as he carefully tape the small patch and stick it on the eagle 's side . maggie put the eagle back in the cage and close the top door . gabe and maggie do not move any further apart as they pull they glove off . gabe tentatively reach for maggie 's face -- but she push he hand away . maggie I be glad to see you , gabe . but I kind of wish you have not come . I be almost use to you be go . ( beat , quiet ) why be you here ? gabe ( pause ) I think I come back to see if I would learn to live with it . well , big surprise . come back just tore I open all over again , like it all happen yesterday instead of a year ago . nothing 's change . include the way I feel about you . ( beat ) I do not realize it till I see you at the airport . but I come back for you , maggie . maggie do that mean you be go to stay ? gabe no . not here . ( beat ) I want you come with I . start over , somewhere else . maggie ( incredulous ) you come back after be go a year , and you expect I to -- ( beat ) you do not live here any more , gabe . you choice , remember ? but this be my home . I be not leave . you can stay with I , or you can go alone . it 's still you choice . hal ( o.s. ) now there 's a easy call . stand in the shed 's doorway be hal . Stone face . grim . outside shed furious , gabe head out after hal . gabe what the hell do you want ? hal ( beat ) I need you help . a plane 's go down on comb bluff . this storm would blow a copter all over the place -- but we can climb up to it . gabe " we " ? ( beat ) talk to somebody who 's still on the payroll . you have get a half dozen new guy -- hal -- who could not climb that wall now if there be stair cut into it . but you have soloed it . gabe during the summer . on a bet . hal this be a little more important than a bet . just a few injure people with no first aid or shelter , camp in a zero degree blizzard . they will be ice sculpture by tomorrow morning . gabe ( shake he head ) maybe you miss the headline -- but I do not do rescue any more . they be bad for my conscience . ( beat ) fuck this one up on you own . gabe walk past hal. furious , hal spin gabe around . hal play it again , gabe , about how we kill she . I be there too , remember ? gabe ( hot ) not like I be , pal -- she finger brush mine on the way down -- hal ( right back ) -- and I be the one who have to deal with she family when you fuck tore out of town . ( take a breath ) we lose she . whatever anybody say about cold stress and the clip , you and I have to live with that . but right now , there be some more people who need we help , and they should not die too just because you have get a problem keep the past in the past . gabe know he 's right . but he 's hesitant . and scared . gabe I do not want the responsibility . hal walk away and you be responsible . they will die . I can not do this alone . ( gabe slow but do not stop ) you know what else , gabe ? you can go anywhere you want , but if you do not do this , now , you be go to be stick on that goddamn ledge for the rest of you life . gabe turn . see maggie in the doorway . she 's hear every word . gabe turn to hal -- hesitates -- and nod . ext . comb bluff trailhead - wide shot - day relative to the other mountain , comb bluff be smaller -- about 2,500 foot high . but that 's like say the Empire State Building be smaller than the sear Tower . it 's still a long way up if you be climb the stair . on the ground - gabe and hal with full pack of mountaineer gear on . they have get to climb up this beast . gabe -- now back in he orange sheriff 's jacket -- scramble with hal up the base of the mountain , the last few yard before it turn into a sloping wall . gabe take a bolt gun -- which fire rope- fastened bolt into rock -- and hang it from a strap on he chest . hal ( indicate gun ) that thing 's dead weight . completely useless for a ice climb . gabe just backup . gabe ready a coil of rope and start up the wall . gabe ( not a challenge ) I will lead . I leave a few bolt last time I climb this -- I think I can find some of they . hal start up after gabe , easily keep pace with he . hal save the rope for when it get tough . ( beat , realize ) that bet be for you to free climb the wall . gabe ( further up ) tell you what , hal -- if we be still alive tomorrow morning , I will give you the twenty buck back , okay ? comb bluff - long shot two orange speck move they way up the mountain -- it 's definitely go to be a long trip . dissolve to : ext . comb bluff - long shot - day - gabe and hal be now visibly two - third of the way up . closer on gabe and hal - the mountain face be not only higher , it 's a lot tougher to climb . instead of be angular , the wall be now completely vertical -- and coat with ice . Rough , irregular ice ledge be all gabe and hal can grip -- it 's a matter of grab what you can for a handhold , and kick the spike of the steel crampon on they boot into the ice for foothold . gabe lead , plant piton into the ice , thread the rope through they as he go . Three steel pin between gabe and hal . they only safety net . gabe , trail rope behind he , go up a difficult slab of ice and climb under a ledge , where he anchor the rope in the ice with another piton . gabe ( shouting down ) anchore ! hal be beside and slightly below gabe -- at the other end of the fifty foot rope . hal cautiously pull himself along the line to the first piton -- as be standard for a climb , he pull out the piton , then move on to the second -- but up above higher on the mountain Ice , building in a small crevase , build and crack the adjoin rock -- several ten-pound boulder fall , cause a chain reaction rockslide that bounce down the wall -- gabe hug the ice wall , make himself as flat as possible -- gabe ( shouting down ) rockslide ! hal flatten too as rock bounce past -- the second anchore piton loosen as it be strike by a fall rock -- hal nervously eye the last piton between he and gabe -- the piton - close also have be clipped by the still fall boulder and droops at half mast -- no way be this go to hold in the unreliable ice -- hal try to stay flat , but one boulder painfully clip he on the shoulder , knock he from he perch -- hal fall -- wider - hal falling in fall , hal 's weight on the rope yank out the nearest anchor piton -- hal tumble in space , keep pace with the boulder , as -- gabe who 's see everything we have , quickly reach to the piton he 's just anchore , and remove the carabiner clip -- hal - falling the rope draw taut , yanking out the last piton between he and gabe -- nothing but a few yard of slack rope now -- gabe have the bolt gun out . he rapidly hook the rope 's carabiner clip to the chamber bolt , and fire it at a solid rock ledge above he -- insert - the bolt imbed solidly in the rock -- gabe lash the rope to he shoulder , brace for the come impact by lodging he foot in the ice -- the jolt - wider shot the line pull taut , leave hal suspend , the wind knock out of he from the impact -- gabe be almost drag down by the jolt -- he painfully take most of the impact in he shoulder -- the shock force he foot through a ice ledge -- but the rope , bolt to the rock above , have hold . barely . gabe ( shake , voice go ) anchore -- ( shout this time ) anchore ! hal now somewhat recover , steady himself . hal ( breathless too ) you be sure this time -- hal climb up the rope , finally reach another ledge slightly below gabe 's . hal lean against the wall , gasp , as gabe clip the gun to he pack . hal ( look up at gun ) do not say it -- gabe ( wheeze too ) it 's kind of hard to resist -- gabe hal it 's not dead it 's not dead weight -- you weight -- I am. be . hal and gabe start howling -- that hysterical , giddy laugh that only come from just miss a violent end . wide shot on mountain - the two ledge hal and gabe 's friendship be start to resurface -- they laughter be nearly louder than the wind , as we -- dissolve to : ext . precipice edge - day - binocular Pov from the top of the bluff , someone be look down through binocular -- gabe and hal 's orange jacket be plainly visible a few hundred yard below . ryan lower the binocular , and key a ear button on the headset radio he 's wear , send a beep . inside the plane travers be wear another headset -- the other be just rest in the seat traver ( into mouthpiece ) have they arrive ? ( two beep in response ) good . return to the plane and cover you track . qualen ( to other ) get ready . on the mountain below hal and gabe be tired , but get a second wind from the excitement of be almost on top . gabe stop , breathless for a second , then go on . hal lag a little behind . gabe come on -- the hard part 's over . gabe head up and over the mountain edge / crash site and help hal up . from here , the rest of the range loom large . even in the continue snowstorm , it 's a spectacular sight -- but gabe and hal do not pause to enjoy it . this be not a trip for sport . hal look off into the tree , and see the tear tree stump from the plane crash . hal ( grim ) that 's it . hal and gabe run into the wood area and follow the wreckage -- fell tree , a smashed wing -- and reach the fuselage which sit intact by the other edge of the precipice . gabe I think the fuselage be break . that look pretty cozy . hal ( puzzle too ) the pilot be hysterical . gabe something 's wrong here -- hal do this look like a prank to you ? come on -- hal pull open the passenger door and go in -- gabe , wary , take a look around the plane . inside the fuselage it 's comparatively dark in here -- hal start in , shine a light -- the beam find hal be Pov - traver slump down on the cabin floor , a blanket wrap around he -- he 's shaking and be generally give a good impression of a shock victim . hal rush to he . hal relax -- we be here to help -- " weak " , travers whisper as hal give he some water . hal do not try to talk -- travers will not quit -- hal lean down to hear . traver ( hoarse whisper ) where ? hal -- where ? what be you -- a gun barrel move into view as it press against hal 's neck . heldon and Ryan be right behind he . travers instantly drop he act . traver you say " we " . where be the rest ? gabe - outside the fuselage note footprint in the snow -- fresh one -- and kneel down to look at the cable wrap around the tree . no ordinary accident . but before he can think about this , he get a earful of gun barrel from qualen , who be behind he . inside the fuselage qualen hustle gabe inside the plane -- he hand be on he head , and he pack have be remove . qualen throw the pack to Ryan and delmer , who rifle through it , remove anything that could be a weapon -- they quickly confiscate gabe 's bolt gun and ice axe . traver what 's for dinner ? ( kynette toss packet ) ugh. " dried beef slice with barbeque sauce . " ( toss it back ) try and make this edible . Travis look at hal 's park ranger badge . traver hal tucker . ( to gabe ) where 's yours ? qualen he do not have one . just a wallet . qualen toss it to travers , who glance through it . traver gabe Walker ... ( note photo of maggie ) very attractive . gabe my ex . traver too bad . let I tell you what 's on for today . we would like you to help settle a wager . you see , we lose some luggage -- travers motion to Ryan and qualen , who shove gabe and hal forward in the cabin . travers take out the tracer monitor . traver ( show they the blip ) see this ? now I have bet the gentleman behind you that you know enough about this mountain range to lead we to each of this , quickly , and that you would be happy to do so . they bet I you could not and would not . ( gun be click ) now tell I -- who win ? gabe and hal eye each other -- no choice . gabe nod . traver good dog . now let 's get this expedition start . ext . facing mountain - wide shot hal and gabe lead the " expedition " down a steep , but passable , descent , lead to -- a natural stone bridge that link comb bluff with the next mountain . travers stop gabe and pull out the monitor . traver okay . connect the dot . gabe pause as he hold the monitor up against the mountainscape . mountain and monitor the first blip be up a thousand foot -- it 's a wall , and obviously not something for a novice . gabe pause a little too long -- qualen nudge he with he gun . gabe hand the monitor back to travers . gabe this way . gabe , with hal right behind , lead they up the wall -- it 's not a straight climb , but there 's a series of zig - zag natural ledge that cut up the wall . Wide enough even for a amateur . the other follow gabe and hal 's example . dissolve to : ext . mountain wall - wide shot - day - hal and gabe have lead the gang further up the wall , use piton and carabiner clip to create a guide rope . it 's still just a matter of climb relatively easy ascend ledge . hal and gabe lead they by jump to the next ledge . closer on hal and gabe as gabe hammer in a new piton , he turn to hal . gabe ( sotto ) we do not have to do this . we know this mountain -- they do not . if we can get ahead -- hal can you climb faster than they can shoot ? gabe we have get to try something . think we will get a finder 's fee after they get all they " luggage " ? hal sure . all the bullet we can eat . gabe that 's not what really worry I . hal there 's something else to worry about ? gabe yeah . once they have get what they be after -- they be gonna need a copter to get out of here . hal ( realize ) maggie . gabe nod grimly -- and keep move up . the rest keep pace . the wall the climber have reach a point of comparative comfort on the wall -- the ledge be now two foot wide . travers take out the tracer monitor -- the monitor show that the first case be just above they . traver hold it . ( beat ) it 's up there . " up there " - a overhang jut out of the wall fifty foot above they position . as the rest of the wall above be completely sheer , it 's obvious that the case , if it be above , have land on top of a ledge . but this be not easily accessible -- we move down from the overhang and can see there be only the smallest of handhold to get up there , and that be slick with ice and snow . worse , the rest of the mountain bulge outward in a curve , make climb almost impossible . on the ledge travers hold he gun on gabe , and motion up traver fetch . gabe I will need the ice axe . traver ( laugh ) you have get to be kid . gabe ( sigh ) okay . how about some tape ? travers nod -- kynette pull a roll of tape out of gabe 's confiscate pack and throw it to he . gabe crampon too . travers hesitates , but nod -- kynette throw he the iron spike . gabe fasten they to he boot . gabe look up -- this be go to be tough , even for he . in spite of the cold , he take off he glove -- that 's how small this hold be -- and he meticulously tape up he hand and he finger . high angle - gabe move up the wall with some ease at first -- there be hand -size handhold , and decent foothold -- but twenty foot up , there 's nothing . to keep go , gabe have to painfully wedge he finger into small crack , essentially support he weight only by several fingerholds at any give moment . we can see from the angle that gabe be at least 3,000 foot from solid ground . we can see from he face that he 's try not to think about it . on the ledge - traver and qualen watch gabe 's slow progress . qualen I do not trust he . traver ( indicate wall ) where could he go ? qualen I would rather he do not show we . ( beat ) we do not need two guide . traver ( shrug ) you win . kill he when he get down . gabe on the wall - close make that " if he come down " . gabe be now in one of the worst position possible for a free climb . he be move up the underside of the overhang and be essentially hang upside down , knife he finger into tiny crack for support . it 's excruciate -- both in term of muscular effort , and the abrasion that come from force finger into ice and rock again and again . gabe keep he hold with one hand and slide the other up , hammer it into a crack wedge with ice -- some of the ice chip whistle past and down -- -- finally , gabe grope one hand over the edge , and pull himself onto the overhang exhausted , gabe pull himself prone across the top . something hard be underneath he -- gabe recover and brushes the snow off the money case that 's underneath . it 's batter from the fall , but be still barely hold together . gabe manage to force open the trash lock -- he look inside the case , and finger a band of $ 5000s . gabe Jesus . on the ledge - traver and qualen look up . they can see gabe have make it -- but they can not see he , or the case . traver ( impatient , shouting ) lower it down -- now ! on the overhang - gab have no intention of do this -- he snap the case shut and look over at a ledge that move off from it -- and at the ice and snow above . on the ledge - traver and qualen' Pov try to look up and locate gabe . they can not . until -- gabe ( o.s. ) ( shouting down ) I have get a better idea . why do not you come up and get it ? with the case , gabe move , back against the wall , on a ledge that skirt off the overhand -- from travers and qualen 's point of view . gabe can hardly be see -- since the mountain bulge out as it go up . gabe 's get a slight edge of cover . traver ( shout to heldon ) get he ! heldon run along the lower ledge , firing up at -- gabe who have to flatten against the upper ledge -- bullet howl past at twenty per second , sparking against the lip of the rock -- it 's cover , but not much -- hal look up , worried -- hal be Pov - ice and snow pile by the ton from the storm , lie further above -- the ice hold it back already , already weaken by the sun , be be chisell away by bullet -- on the lower ledge - qualen grab hal and put the gun to he head . qualen ( shouting ) bring the money down , or we kill you friend ! travers push the barrel away from hal , shaking he head . traver we can not . ( frown ) and he know it . wider angle on mountain - the parallel ledge gabe move across he thing ledge as heldon run across he -- gabe duck back and have to flatten even more against the wall , because he ledge be get smaller -- heldon smile , see gabe 's cover be go -- heldon 's ledge be get wider , so it 's easier for he to fire up . heldon move out to the edge -- gabe Pov down there 's now nothing between heldon and gabe -- heldon take dead aim -- gabe look up , sweat it -- gabe come on -- the ice and snow above finally give way , drop a avalanche on gabe who drop the case and hug the wall -- the avalanche - wide view on mountain only now can we see how much snow and ice have be pen up on the mountain top -- ton of ice and snow sweep down the mountainside -- it shatter the case against the wall as it easily swipe a scream heldon off the ledge -- traver , qualen and hal be safe at they vantage , but stunne at the sight of -- the avalanche heldon 's machine fun fire uselessly as he 's swallow in a explosion of white -- as well as a flurry of green as the bill scatter amid the snow -- -- then : quiet . the avalanche end as abruptly as it start . the rumble die down to complete silence . traver apoplectic , stare at seventeen million dollar worth of snow settling far below . he take he gun , furious , and fire at the upper ledge where gabe be hugging the wall -- it 's now blankete with snow . travers fire a entire clip at where gabe use to be . the snow fall away , revealing nothing but stark rock . gabe have be sweep away . hal react and attack travers . hal you son of a bitch -- travers turn and pin hal against the wall with the gun , ready to kill he too . but he 's stop by qualen . qualen no . we need he to get the rest of the money . ( he be not back down ) if he die we lose everything travers , furious , take the gun out of hal 's face . traver ( to hal ) get we out of here . hal stare at travers with absolute fury -- but he lead the gang back along the ledge in retreat . ext . further down the mountain - day powdery snow be settling from the avalanche . from a cave in the rock , brett and Evan crawl out a little timidly . evan what the hell -- Evan take a pair of overpriced binocular and look up -- binocular Pov - far up on ledge the figure be small , but it 's clear that one be point a gun at a orange - jackete figure . evan lower the binocular . evan brett -- you be not go to believe this -- but a couple of guy be hold a gun on hal and force he up the bluff -- BRETT ( o.s. ) I believe it . Evan turn to BRETT who have find both heldon 's break body , and he gun , half bury in snow . Evan walk over , amaze . evan what the fuck be go on here ? brett pick up the gun -- this be more a adventure than he ever dream of . BRETT let 's catch up and find out . brett and Evan grab they pack , and hurry onto a trail , as we return to -- the upper ledge where gabe be . nothing be stir . until , there 's some movement ten foot from where gabe be hugging the wall . it 's a crevice in the mountain , about two foot wide -- a climber would call this a " chimney " -- and it 's pack with ice and snow . it 's also pack with gabe -- he hand grope out -- and with some difficulty , he dig himself out , gasp and cough . gabe , coat with snow , lean against the wall and rest . alive . int . ranger station - day maggie be on the phone , pace , as Frank be slump in front of the radio scanner . suddenly , the radio come to life . hal ( o.s. ) -- come in , rescue unit -- over -- maggie bolt over to the radio before Frank can react . maggie ( key mike ) rescue unit -- what 's go on , Hall ? -- over -- ext . mountain - wooded area - day travers have he gun press to hal 's temple . traver no trick , no procedural code , no personal message -- just tell they everything 's under control and you be take care of the wounded . hal ( key it ) we have reach the wreckage -- top of comb bluff -- six injure , but they be respond to treatment . everything a-ok . over . maggie ( o.s. ) everything be not okay , hal -- I be come up after you -- over -- hal negative , maggie . wind be too high , and the passenger ' injury be all superficial . we be go to ride out the storm here -- over -- travers yank away the radio . traver have she come up . hal forget it -- downdraft would wipe she all over the peak -- ( travers start to argue ) -- not that I expect you to give a shit , but it 's we only copter . you will be stick . travers relent and hand the radio back . maggie ( o.s. ) I can handle the wind -- hal ( break in ) forget about it , maggie , that 's a order -- acknowledge -- int . ranger station maggie look out the window . the station 's windspeed gauge be fly around so fast it look like it might take off . maggie acknowledge . let I talk to gabe -- over -- hal ( o.s. ) ( hesitates ) you can not . he 's take care of passenger . just like I should be . over and out . maggie lean back in the chair , look out at the storm , and try not to worry . she fail miserably . ext . mountain - wooded area - traver and hal traver ( snatching radio away ) good . you might live longer than you friend . now -- ( take out monitor ) -- what ? hal take the monitor -- the next blip be above , almost straight up . hal motion to the wood area ahead . hal the next one 's on top of the peak . this will be long , but easy -- more like a hike than a climb . traver ( suspicious ) it look like a wind route . hal there 's a more direct route . the East face . but it 's the wall on the other side , and it 's smooth as glass . maybe a dozen guy in the world could do it in good weather . only a psycho would try it in a snowstorm . travers digest this , and motion hal to move on as we -- CUT to : close shot - gabe face be tear in pain . in spite of the cold and wind , he 's drench in sweat , half exertion , half fear . we pull back to take in the east wall - long shot envision a wall . a really big wall . a really , really big wall . a wall that 's as wide as it be high -- five thousand foot by five thousand foot -- narrowing to a dome peak at the summit . now picture the same wall , checker with ice . if this be horizontal , you or I could not walk on it without fall . now picture the same wall with a orange dot , two - third of the way up it . the orange dot be gabe and he barely have the strength to hold on , much less go up . gabe hold himself steady with one hand , get a foothold , and swing another hand up to slam it against the wall . he 's improvise gear -- he 's tie a crampon to one hand . but it 's as awkward as it sound . gabe move up only a foot or so -- then pull out the crampon , reach up , and slam it into the wall , start the painful process over again . CUT to ; int . denver mint - wright' office - day wright 's pace around , try to figure out what in he office he should break first . Davis show up at the door . wright ( furious ) okay -- I know it 's not in San Francisco . I know it 's not here . I know it 's not in any fuck airport from here to Montana . where it 's not - we get that cover . now , do you have any idea on where it be ? davis ( walk to a map ) there 's no radio contact , sir . at all . we be not receive the tracer signal from the cockpit 's flight recorder . radar lose it after it go low here . he point to a huge part of Colorado . hundred of square mile . davis we have to assume it go down in the storm . wright Air search ? davis ( shake head ) that storm have not quit yet . weather service say we have get it until tomorrow morning at least . even if we could get a plane up now , it would be impossible to see anything on the ground . and -- wright slump into a chair . wright -- the road be shut down , right ? davis most of this area do not even have road . wright ( rub he eye ) keep two copter on full standby . and let I know the second that storm start to wind down . CUT to : ext . the east face - wide shot - day - gabe be clearly exhaust and freezing -- he lip be blue , he eyebrow encrust with snow . wind still threaten to knock he off the wall -- but he force himself on . gabe ( tooth chatter ) a steambath . ( spike himself up ) a steambath -- and a bottle of whiskey . ( new foothold ) a steambath with a bottle of glenlivet . and a fire . ( new handhold ) a steambath -- with a bottle of glenlivet -- and a steak . ( new foothold ) a steak soak with glenlivet , cooking over a steambath on fire . wider on mountain gabe finally reach the top of the wall , where it meet a enormous overhang of ice . gabe be right underneath where the ice flow over the wall . gabe take he handheld crampon and hammer it into the ice overhead with more force than usual . this one be go to have to hold . gabe steel himself for a tough move -- with one hand grip that crampon , he swing out , away from the wall . only the crampon spike jamme into the ice above he hand be keep gabe from fall . gabe need the second crampon to make the move up -- but that 's not go to be easy to get . it 's attach to he boot . as gabe cling to the upper crampon , he body sway , he reach down with he free hand to loosen the other crampon . gabe Pov - down the ground be one slip and five thousand foot away . gabe fumble desperately with the buckle on the crampon -- but both he finger , and the buckle , be freeze stiff -- gabe face show real , solid terror for the first time -- gabe Pov - down gabe get the first buckle off -- then the second . the crampon be off he boot . gabe still swinging from one hand , take the now - freed crampon and slam it into the ice . it do not hold -- but the force of gabe 's swing , push he away , have loosen the other crampon . gabe only get one more shot at this -- he swing the free crampon up with all he might -- it catch in the same split second as the other dislodge . but the hard part be over -- with the two crayon , gabe quickly manage to climb up over the lip of the ice overhang this be a field of ice sloping up to the top . gabe pull himself a few foot away from the edge , and put the crampon back on he foot where they belong . it 's now pretty simple for gabe to run up the ice slope three hundred yard to the summit which be a rocky , wood area . gabe seem to have a second wind now -- he run to the other side of the summit . the other side be obviously the route hal and the other will be take -- beneath the summit be a wind , well - beat path . gabe finally arrive at a small shack with a sign nearby commemorate the " douglas expedition - 1933 " . int . the shack be just a small " point of interest " shed for hardy tourist who have hike up this far -- there be a corny photo stand , where you stick you head through a hole , so you face be put on top of a cartoon climber hack up a mountain . gabe rush past this to a glass display case on the wall . the gordon douglas display have black and white photo of a square jaw 1930s climber with he expedition -- more important be what 's beneath it . Douglas ' original climb equipment -- a coil of rope , some piton , a hat , a cloth backpack , small binocular , other odd and end . gabe prepare to smash the glass -- and hesitates . respect . gabe ( sighing ) sorry , Gordon -- I promise I will have it back tomorrow . gabe smashes the glass as we move to -- ext . the trail - day hal be lead qualen , travers and the other upward -- this be a comparatively easy route , but still tiring . the sun go down beyond a face , taller mountain . Ryan be huffing and puffing -- the altitude and exertion be get to he . hal allow himself a smile at he discomfort . hal come on -- tourist take this trail . qualen poke hal with the gun -- he move on ahead . ext . the summit - dusk it 's get dark rapidly -- gabe have scale a rock formation so he have a view of the rest of the summit -- gabe Pov - scanning the treeline gabe slowly look along the tree of the summit -- look pretty ordinary to we , but something must have catch gabe 's eye , because he swing back to look at one tree . with break branch on top . gabe climb down from he rock perch and rush toward the tree . ext . summit trail - night this " expedition " reach the top -- hal be in the lead , with qualen just inch behind . qualen shove hal forward . traver be this it ? hal yeah . this be it . traver good . get out of the way . travers take out the tracer and start follow the blip . elsewhere on the summit - gabe frantically rush around , look for the case -- he spot a crater of snow , rush to it and start digging . even below the snow , the tracer 's blink red light be glow and visible . gabe laugh as he dig it out . nearby on the summit - traver have he eye glue to the tracer monitor , which show the case be nearby . traver ( smile ) this way . qualen shine a light -- all of they push they way through the tree . traver be excited now -- he can not even wait for qualen 's flashlight , he intuitively race through the tree , divide he attention between he surroundings and the monitor which show he 's practically on top of the case -- finally traver shove he way through some small pine -- he can see the blink of the red tracer light ahead through the branch . traver ( call behind ) it 's over here ! travers shove he way through the branch , and head for the light -- but something 's wrong -- qualen come up behind travers and shine the light on a snowman cute , if hastily construct , stand with a five - pebble smile , as well as Douglas ' cap , in a clear . the still blink , still operable tracer be now the nose of the snowman . the case be lean up against it . travers run over to the case , furious , and open it . it 's empty -- except for a single $ 5000 bill . travers pick it up -- scrawle on the margin be " let' trade . " traver ( incredulous ) he 's still alive . ( furious ) he 's still alive ! ( to qualen and the other ) he can not be far away -- spread out ! qualen , kynette , delmer and krystel fan out into the wood , each with a flashlight and a fun . Ryan , however , strap on nightfinder goggle and run out without a flashlight . traver ( to hal , brandish gun ) put you hand on you head . elsewhere on the summit - gabe watch the chaos with a grin from a slightly elevate vantage point -- he can see the flashlight beam , all head in the wrong direction . but he do not see ryan - " nightfinder " Pov with this goggle , light be amplify a thousandfold -- this be not one of that infra-re , thermo - blob job -- it look more like day for night photography . even starlight be enough for Ryan to run easily through the thick wood -- and he 's go in the right direction . gabe begin climb down to level ground so he can circle closer to where travers be hold hal -- before he can get far -- " nightfinder " Pov - ryan look up , and can clearly see gabe climb down the small rock , twenty yard distant -- ryan smile , look macabre under the goggle , and open fire -- gabe be startle as the bullet impact inch over he head -- he jump the last ten foot to the ground and be run even as he hit the ground -- more bullet hit where gabe be a split second ago -- ryan chase gabe , easily maneuver through the tree -- gabe run too , try to dodge Ryan 's continue fusillade -- gabe know this territory , but to he , it 's still pitch dark -- he stumble , and ram against tree -- ryan keep come up behind , close the hap , gabe 's bright form just ahead -- gabe come out of the tree and find he be on another part of the summit . all that 's beneath he be gabe Pov -- a sudden , sloping plunge down a field of ice . no escape route here -- anything that go down this slide be go all the way to the ground far below . gabe be drive forward by a fresh burst of bullet -- he dive to the edge of the ice field and duck behind a boulder -- the sole source of cover . elsewhere on the summit kristel , qualen and kynette , have hear the gunshot , be now rush to gabe 's position -- ryan almost casually emerge from the wood . he can see there be nowhere for gabe to have go -- except behind the boulder . he walk toward it as if he have all the time in the world . gabe fumble in he backpack and pull out something from the Douglas exhibit -- a ancient flare that look like a can of sterno . gabe pull out he lighter and try to light it -- it resist and look like a dud , but finally it catch , and as it ignites gabe heave it over the boulder at Ryan -- ryan - " nightfinder " Pov - the flare arc over the boulder to fully ignite , turn everything into a blind , agonizing flash of white -- ryan scream , put one hand over the goggle , try to rip they off -- gabe bolt out from behind the boulder to rush he -- ryan instantly aware of what gabe 's do , blindly shoot , fan out in a semi-circle as he get the goggle off -- gabe just run straight ahead to Ryan , get to he before the machine gun field of fire can intersect he path -- gabe tackle Ryan as he manage to get the goggle off -- both man fall to the ground , and -- the machine gun clatter away , landing on the edge of the ice , just out of reach -- Ryan , now recover from the blind flash , pull a ice axe out of a pack sheath and swing it at gabe -- gabe roll away in time , and get to the machine gun , grab it -- but Ryan dive for gabe , slamm into he -- the force of it knock the machine gun loose -- it skip down the ice slope -- but the momentum of Ryan 's hit also carry both gabe and Ryan over the edge , onto -- the ice slope gabe and Ryan both tumble over the edge and start slide down , Ryan face first on he stomach , gabe head first and on he back -- both be in immediate agony , because close on the ice -- it 's cover with razor sharp , irregular ridge , both large and small , that slice through clothing and shred skin as they pick up speed -- gabe upside - down Pov - the ice field the edge and a five thousand foot drop be less than a hundred yard away -- gabe and ryan sliding Ryan flail and scream as the ice gashes he from underneath -- gabe , however , manage to flip over and to the side -- he lunge on top of Ryan and ride he down like a bobsle -- gabe Pov - end of the ice slop be come up too fast -- gabe try to maintain he perch on Ryan , who be scream and not yet use to the idea of be a human sled -- he be not remain still enough to provide a smooth ride -- gabe frantically reach behind to Ryan 's wrist to get the ice axe , trail from a wrist strap , but Ryan 's arm be thrashing away , threaten to toss off the axe -- on summit qualen , kristel and kynette arrive at the lip , and look down , incredulous -- qualen Pov - gabe riding ryan gabe and Ryan , accelerate , have almost reach the edge -- gabe finally grab the ice axe , pull it off Ryan 's wrist -- just as they reach the precipice edge , gabe loop the axe to he wrist and swing toward the ice with everything he 's get -- the axe 's scythe-like blade catch on the ice , right at the lip of the precipice -- gabe be wrench to a painful halt , suspend over the drop , as what 's leave of Ryan , still scream , shoot over the edge -- gabe unhook the axe , and get another handhold . gabe use the axe to climb further down the ice to some rock -- find easier hand hold , he quickly disappear into the darkness . qualen , kristel and kynette look down -- Ryan 's death scream be still echoing . qualen be furious -- gabe have escape with the second case . qualen ( to kynette ) follow he ! kynette shine he flashlight below , illuminate the long , freeze streak of blood on the ice . kynette ( gesture with light ) after you . int . douglas tourist shack - night the expedition have hole up here for the night -- travers and qualen look upset . thing be not go as well as they would hope . kristel try to get some candy out of a vend machine that 's obviously empty . kynette saw at some camp food with a distinctive knife -- the handle be a set of brass knuckle . delmer guard hal , who be bound , and seat by the souvenir photo stand . hal well -- look at the bright side . ( beat ) at least you have only get to make the split five way now . ext . mountain ledge - night gabe confidently drop down onto a large ledge that jut out from the wall -- obviously familiar territory for he . the ledge lead to a small , enclose cave . gabe take out he penlight and shine it -- but the light look dim . battery be low . gabe pocket it , flick he lighter and go in -- the cave in the flicker light , we can see that no one have be in here for a while -- snow , dust , rock -- but we should also recognize this from the photo see earlier as gabe , maggie and hal 's hangout . gabe smile with the memory -- then he face brighten with one memory in particular . gabe rush to a corner of the cave and open a rock - lid to a hide place . gabe please still be there -- oh , please -- gabe reach in the stash and find a ancient half - full pint of Jack Daniels . the first thing to go right all day . gabe uncap it and gratefully gulp down a double shot . peace , at last . gabe smile and lean against the wall , close he eye -- but he 's startle instantly by a screech -- gabe 's eye shoot open -- a aggressive rat scurries toward he on the floor . gabe grab a rock and clobber the rat off -screen , end the screech with one blow . gabe 's face first register disgust -- then a idea . then real disgust . sigh , gabe pull out a pocket knife and open the blade . CUT to : int . the cave - a little later - close on gabe gabe take the now cook rat carcass -- properly skinned and butcher -- off he knife blade . we can see from flicker shadow that a small fire be now burn in a cave -- we pull back to see the FIRE which be build out of small bundle of $ 5,000 bill . it 's safe to say that something like $ 500,000 be go up in smoke , and the fire 's die down . gabe toss a fresh band of bill on the flame . gabe cool the knife in some snow , saw off a rat leg , and chew unhappily . gabe ( mouth full ) mmm. just like -- chicken . gabe sparingly wash the bite down with a taste of Jack Daniel . it 's go to have to last he . he have a entire rat to get through . dissolve to : ext . wide mountain view - dawn the first ray of the sun start to poke through the mountain . it 's stop snow -- the storm seem to be let up . int . ranger station very quiet in here . Frank be snore , slump over the radio . maggie be wide awake and obviously have not sleep -- she attention be fix out the window . maggie' Pov - windspeed gauge the gauge be still fly around , but clearly show that the wind be slow . int . denver mint - wright' office wright be coiled at he desk , tense . ten empty styrofoam coffee cup -- and dark ring under wright 's eye -- make clear he have not sleep . wright 's assistant burst in . davis we have get a fix on the plane , sir -- we be get a read on the flight recorder tracer -- wright any visual ? any radio contact ? davis not yet -- wright ( head to the door ) get the copter ready . we take off in three minute . davis the wind be still too strong -- wright sorry to hear it . we be still go . the plane might be intact . wright drag the protest Davis out the door . davis Sir -- wright shut up . that fifty million be not come out of my pension . ext . mountain top - douglas tourist shack - day travers , qualen and the rest of the expedition head out of the shack , a little groggy . odd be no one get much sleep . travers shove hal toward a sketchy " you be here " map of the mountain range , and hand he the tracer monitor . traver still interested in stay alive ? hal match the monitor to the map -- the blip be higher up . hal ( point to map ) it 's up here . somewhere on the Tower . there 's a way to cross over to the top in about half a day . traver show I . travers shove hal forward -- the other follow . elsewhere on the mountain / summit - binocular Pov from about fifty yard off , someone watch hal lead the gang away from the shack . BRETT ( o.s. ) they be head toward the opposite edge . a easy way down . BRETT and evan be crouch in the wood . brett , gun in hand , have no idea how far out of he league he be . Evan look like he 's have second thought , but he can not hack down now . BRETT I will cut around this side , and wind up in front . you come up behind they -- quietly . and we have get them . evan brett -- they have get five gun -- BRETT and you can collect they all after I get the drop on them . let 's get move . brett , automatic hold high , circle off through the wood . Evan reluctantly lope off toward he assignment . below - gabe cave gabe pull he jacket on -- reverse , with the grey lining out , so the orange will not make he so easy to spot -- and start out towards the face Tower -- he route , clearly , be go to be along the rock wall . it 's relatively sheer , but there be shelf cut into it to make walk easy . mountain top / summit - BRETT race quietly through the wood in a parallel path with hal , who 's guide the hang . brett circle around ahead of they , wait . before he can jump out -- hal be Pov - on BRETT hide ahead in the tree and rock . hal make eye contact with brett , realize what he 's do , and shake he head as violently as he dare -- no , do not -- BRETT give hal a confident wink in response , then pounce in front of the gang , gun hold high . BRETT end of the line ! travers , delmer , kristel and kynette be startle , but do not immediately comply . this throw brett off he stride . BRETT ( nervous now ) you hear I ! Drop the gun ! travers smile and step closer to brett . the other walk up in front of hal . travers actually laugh . traver " end of the line " ? that 's classic . ( beat ) you have get style . so , I be go to give you a three - count to figure out how to turn the safety off . brett do not even look down -- he respond by firing a short burst over travers ' head . BRETT Nice try . I have get one of this at home . now drop them . all drop they gun -- brett , unfortunately , realize at the same time we do -- BRETT hey -- where 's the other guy -- hal ( shouting ) brett , behind you ! too late -- brett can only twist around half way before -- qualen easily mow down brett with he machine gun , riddling he with at least thirty round at close range . brett fall dead into the snow . qualen walk up to brett 's corpse , blood steaming in the redden snow , and kick it over . below on the wallside gabe , reacting to the sound of the machine gun fire , climb up , but there 's nothing he can do -- traver and qualen and the other pick up they gun . traver ( turn to face hal ) time to -- travers see that hal be go -- he 's escape in the confusion . in the wood - hal run like he ass be on fire and practically collide with Evan , who be more panicked than ever . evan what be we go to do -- hal you come up here to jump the spur -- ( pull Evan 's chute out of he pack ) this would be a great time to do it . evan ( panicked ) but -- hal ( quick ) listen -- they do not know you be up here -- I will draw they fire , you have get to make the jump and get help . evan I do not -- I -- uh -- hal ( exasperate , grab chute ) unless you want to do it the other way around ? Evan snatch the parachute and run off . hal , waste no time , run in the opposite direction , deliberately make as much noise as he can , slapping branch , stomping on rock . ext . wood - the bang run into the wood -- qualen and kristel , hearing hal 's noisy retreat , run after he . but travers stop for a second -- he have spot evan's footprint in the snow -- not unlike a neon arrow . traver run in the direction of the footprint and quickly close the gap between he and evan who try to pull on the chute and run at the same time -- it 's not easy . Evan close one of the three buckle -- but traver burst out of the wood and run up right behind he -- qualen and kristel in the meantime , get behind hal in a clear -- kristel fire over he head . kristel stop ! hal , catch again , freeze in he track . evan be still up and run -- he dodge travers ' fire , weaving through tree , get the second buckle close -- he see the edge , just ahead , and put on a extra burst of speed -- traver do likewise , still fire -- he clip run out , but this only busy Evan a extra few second -- the spur be a rock formation that just out like a diving board -- Evan run like hell to the edge of it -- traver be right behind he , and have slap a fresh clip in place , but before he can shoot -- evan dive off the edge and clasp the third buckle -- on the ledge - gabe be directly below a few hundred foot -- look up , he think Evan have make it -- but on the spur edge - traver throw himself down , aim quickly but carefully , and fire twenty round towards Evan 's fall figure -- evan - falling Evan laugh -- he have not be hit -- gabe - watching gabe come on -- wait till you be out of range -- do not pull it yet -- long shot - evan falling several second pass -- Evan be now several hundred foot down and apparently out of fire range -- traver stop fire -- but do not seem unhappy at all . evan laugh more and pull the d-ring -- the parachute billow open , inflate -- close on the parachute which have be shred by bullet that hit the pack -- as quickly as it inflate , it deflate through dozen of hole -- whatever resistance be leave vanish as the canopy collapse . evan be exhilaration turn to panic as he frantically pull on the chute 's guide line -- but the more he do this , the faster the chute cave in -- he scream as the chute finally give way and plummet right past gabe on the ledge who be powerless to do anything but watch -- evan fall the long , full five thousand foot , desperately , uselessly , pull in the line of the tatter chute until he 's tangle in it like a shroud -- gabe turn away -- he can not watch Evan hit bottom -- he grimace and look up with absolute hate at traver who do not see gabe -- he 's laugh at Evan 's desperation , which end as he death scream be cut off . hal be lead over to the spur , with the other gang member behind he . hal look as angry as gabe . qualen be that Walker ? traver no such luck . ( to hal , smile ) cheer up . everyone should die in a spot this beautiful . on the ledge below - close on gabe who have hear this and be shaking with fury . gabe ( quietly ) do not worry . you will . long shot of mountain on top , hal reluctantly lead the gang away -- below , we can see gabe start out on a parallel path along the ledge . ext . ranger station - helipad - day wind or not , maggie be untying the helicopter 's rotor from the bolt on the helipad . Frank , who have obviously just awaken , rush out of the station . frank maggie -- what be you do -- maggie I be go to go nut if I sit here one more hour . frank still a little breezy out , mag -- maggie get into the helicopter and start the rotor . maggie ( over engine 's whine ) you come ? Frank hesitates , but climb in the other side . the helicopter lift off and head toward the mountain range . ext . mountain - aerial shot - day the next obstacle hal be lead the gang through be a buttress -- a large , stark boulder formation -- that lay between the mountain they have just come from , and the nearest mountain to it : the Tower . this be lower down from the summit -- it 's solid and treeless . hal and the rest of the expedition be totally expose as they climb in single file up to the top . terrain be flat enough that the climb amount to a uphill run on all four . closer on hal and gang hal lead the gang forward -- and keep casting anxious glance back at they . and beyond they . travers notice this . traver forget about it . he 's smart , but he 's not invisible . hal look back . travers be right . there 's absolutely no way gabe can come up behind they without be see . lower down on bluff where the bluff meet a tree-line plain . gabe , in hide , watch hal and the other go up . no , he can not follow they up the bluff 's side without be see . but gabe move closer to the bluff 's base -- gabe shove through some tree to the beginning of the " chimney " a crevice run the entire length and breadth of the bluff . gabe pull out he ancient binocular , and scan the crack . gabe Pov - the chimney start with a outside view , we can see that the crevice run all the way up , and through , the bluff -- but it 's a zig -zag , not a straight line . picture a mine shaft design by a madman . the crack move upward , then erratically to the side , then straight up again . the width of the crack be uneven , range from six inch to six foot . and that 's just how it look on the outside . there 's no tell what the interior be like . gabe turn the binocular to the inside of the crack . it 's hard to see much -- it 's very , very dark . but it look as if the crack go all the way through the bluff , as well as all the way up it . on this route , gabe can tunnel through the mountain instead of go up the side . gabe put away the binocular and wedge himself into the crack , start the long process of go up -- and through -- the mountain formation . ext . colorado wilderness - plane crash site - day a frenzy of activity , as several dozen treasury agent sift through the snow for the wreckage of the ct - 39 , some take photo , some take videotape , some put the piece into bag for analysis . many bag . many small bag . wider on crash site the treasury plane have be completely pulverize by the crash and its subsequent explosion -- there be few piece here that be not char , and fewer still that be any larger than a paperback book . wright unhappily walk through the carnage and past agent gather up the plane , to a harry crash specialist from the faa -- ross stuart ( 40s ) -- who be organize the debris . wright what can you confirm ? stuart well , sir -- it crash . that , I can confirm . ( condescending ) we have be here just about one hour . this event take month to analyze . so if you will excuse I -- he walk away -- but wright , piss , spin he around . wright no , I do not think I will . the reason the faa pay you be to exercise you vast , amazing knowledge of this " event " . so I expect you to come up with some stun insight , something a slow - witted fuck like I have not already observe . ( gesture to wreckage ) one : it do not blow up in mid-air , because the debris be not widely disperse . but be there a bomb on board that could have disabled it ? I wonder . ( point back ) two : there be not a attempt landing . otherwise , there would be debris to the east of the wreckage , where the plane be come from . do it come straight down ? that 's get I scratch my head too . ( gesture back to wreckage ) and three : the flight recorder 's tracer lead we here in the first place . so where be the goddamn thing ? that one 's get I all aflush with curiosity . stuart ( a little cow ) you will be the first to know . wright oh , I believe you . wright storm off as agent delicately handle debris . ext . top of the bluff / vista - day a vista . from this point , you can see everything else in the mountain range . the only thing leave that 's taller be the Tower , a hundred yard away . between the two mountain lie a drop of a mere four thousand foot . hal have lead the rest of the gang up to the edge . travers approach he , furious . traver I think you say there be a easy way across . hal there be . you might not like it much . hal point further down a steep two hundred yard downhill climb lead to a wire that bridge the two mountain . the same wire we see at the beginning -- leave behind from Susan Collins ' botch rescue . top of bluff - hal and traver hal of course -- we will have to do it hand over hand . seem I forget my harness . sorry . traver do not be . lead on . hal be surprised to see kynette pull a harness out of he pack -- the one travers use earlier . disappointed , hal lead the downward climb , look several hundred yard to the crack run up , and through , the bluff , come out on this side . hal be face register a think -- will he ? -- then dismissal . Nah . he could not . int . the crack / chimney - close on gabe face gabe be sweat , strain in the dark , climb up -- this would be a good spot to pull back and take in the view , except -- the chimney -- there 's nowhere to pull back to . there 's about two inch of clearance between gabe 's chest and the rock , and about the same between he back and the rock . to the right , there be no light . at all . to the leave , there 's no light . even above , there be no light , because the crack be not straight -- nature be not that obliging -- it zig - zag up . gabe be well within the mountain rock . nothing could be closer to be bury alive gabe snake through a spot where the crack go straight up -- he take out he penlight and turn it on -- gabe Pov - inside the crack around he even this dim light reveal score of bat hang on the wall , surround he , up and down , leave and right -- gabe face be stick somewhere between nausea and the realization that he 's make a big mistake . gabe I do not need to see that . I really do not . gabe cut the light and slither up through the dark . ext . rescue helicopter - day maggie and Frank be fly low and fast , over treetop and snow -- both be intently stare down -- there view be nothing but empty wilderness . but a buzzer go off -- maggie and frank turn they attention to the helicopter 's heat scope , which show something alive beneath they . frank get them -- they be under the tree -- maggie smile and slow the copter over a clear -- ext . wood / the copter touch down . maggie be out of it before the rotor have stop turn , run into the tree . maggie hal ! gabe ! maggie run into the tree , headlong into a pack of wolve that be preying on -- a body . a pair of leg be gruesomely stick out from the feast . one wolf turn to snarl at maggie -- but Frank run up and pull a gun from a holster . Frank aim high and fire twice to scare the pack -- the wolf run off . maggie go to the body -- Frank hold she back , but she go ahead anyway , worried it might be gabe -- tight on maggie as she examine the body -- maggie it 's Evan . ( she stand , look up ) parachute fail . frank ( not unkindly ) damn fool . why would anybody try that in the middle of a storm . maggie why would anybody try at all . ( sigh ) get the bag . int . bluff crack / chimney gabe have a quick climb rhythm now . he pull himself up with he hand , then brace he body with he back , and pull himself up again -- he 's not look up , because he can not see anything yet anyway -- naturally , this lead to -- a head and rock collision . gabe 's head crash against a new part of the crack , as the passage thin out . he grope up . the passage be narrowing to the point that he can not get through it . Dead end . gabe should have take that leave turn at albequerque . gabe back down , and start to slide across the side . with he back wedge against the rear wall , he use he foot to push against the forward wall . gabe Pov - black Zero visibility -- gabe can not see what he 's shove toward . there have never be light of any kind in here . gabe blindly push to the side , rattle by the difficulty of do this in the dark . gabe it 's just like any other side move -- you can not see where the fuck you be go , that 's all -- gabe stop and fish out he penlight . turn it on , it 's clear that battery have not get any more potent in the last few hour . gabe shine it to the side . gabe Pov - the light be fade fast . a match 's last gasp be brighter . gabe exasperate , put the penlight in he mouth and move on . gabe ( garble ) much better . gabe inch on to the side . look up to see if the crack have get wider . it have not . gabe mumble something phonetically near " motherfucker " around the flashlight , aim it up -- gabe Pov - up no open larger than a mail slot -- gabe still cursing , still look up , still move to the side -- he get the open he want , but not where he want it -- the crack suddenly , drastically widen as he move to the side -- since he 's be brace he back against the wall , gabe fall out of control , twist around , face down -- gabe bounce down the wall for several yard and catch himself by brace he arm and leg against the crack . it 's now five foot wide as he painfully brake himself -- gabe Pov - the penlight fall out of gabe 's mouth and tumble down , ping - pong from one side of the crack to the other as it tumble a long , long way down -- even after the light be go , we can still hear the penlight 's recede clatter against the wall -- gabe be now , literally , in a jam . there be no handhold , no ledge , and the wall be slick . all he can do be remain brace against the crack 's wall until he already sore arm and leg give out . ext . rescue helicopter - near bluff' base - day Frank be now fly the helicopter -- a body bag be stashed in the back , and maggie be in the passenger seat . maggie ( motion down ) bring it down here . frank maggie -- maggie just do it , Frank . ext . bluff base the copter touch down -- Frank do not turn it off . maggie jump out with a walkie talkie . Frank make another try . frank maggie , this be dumb -- maggie no it be not . I be go to find brett -- I do not want to have to talk to he widow too . fly Evan 's body back to base -- I will call you when I have find brett . or hal. or gabe . or anybody . maggie run off into the snow as Frank lift off . maggie move quickly through the snow , and it be not long before she spot multiple track in the snow -- they lead toward , and up , the buttress . now she 's really confuse . but with nothing leave to do , she start climb up the side . ext . wire crossing - hal' Pov as we have catch hal in mid-cross , he 's look from whence he come -- the opposite side of the buttress , where travers have a gun train on he -- hal unhappily hang high above the ground from the harness kindly provide by travers -- hal be Pov - on the other side of the wire kristel be wait , also with a gun train on he . hal arrive and disengage -- the harness be pull back . buttress side of wire kynette pull the harness back and hand it to qualen , who 's stand next to travers . kynette ( motion up ) I be go back . traver look -- this part be nothing , believe I -- kynette Walker should be come up by now . kynette , automatic strapped to he chest , rush back to the buttress ' summit . int . buttress crack / chimney gabe be just as we leave he . face down , arm and leg press against the five - foot gap of the tunnel wall . carefully , gabe take one hand off the wall , get out he lighter with the other , and ignites it for a look -- gabe Pov - upward just as the crack have widen below he -- it 's wider above he . more important , it slant at a easy enough angle to allow he to walk up . if only he can get up there . gabe snap the lighter shut , pocket it , and ready himself . gabe steadily " walk " up the vertical passage by brace himself with one leg and one arm -- then move the other leg and arm up . gabe repeat this until he have he hand on the curve edge where the crack snake into a sideways passage . but there be no handhold that will allow gabe to get a grip and simply swing over and climb up . gabe ( wind ) so much for the easy part . overhead angle - the crack gabe take a deep breath , ready himself , and shove himself away from the wall with he arm , push himself into a squat against the opposite wall , hang for a second with no support at all , and he spring from that all into the diagonal passage gabe land hard but flat on the passage and immediately start backslide into the drop , but he dig in with he boot and he hand . safe at last . gabe carefully stand in a crouch -- and start head up . ext . buttress top kynette move to the edge , lie flat , and look down -- kynette's Pov - on the buttress side maggie be climb up , but she 's still some way down -- and the hood of she parka have be pull over she head . all kynette can see be what she 's wear : a orange parka . kynette smile and hit he headset radio . kynette he 's on the way up . I could hear that jacket before I could see it . traver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) then get the money , kill he and get back here . now . kynette ( into radio ) I will wait till he come to I . kynette flatten out to wait -- maggie be come up fast . int . mountain crack / chimney gabe move up through the diagonal section -- the crack be start to go directly upward . gabe look up -- gabe Pov - top of the crack it 's coat with snow , but not too much -- gabe can faintly make out light shine through up there . gabe know the top be twenty foot away . gabe start up the easy segment , he back brace against one wall . ext . top of buttress - kynette be stare down intently at the climber below -- kynette's Pov - maggie be now almost to the top -- sweat with exertion , she throw she hood back . kynette key he headset radio again . kynette ( into radio ) bulletin . the climber be not Walker -- it 's a woman . int . mountain crack / chimney gabe , wedge near the top of the crack , be ready to dig through the snow -- but he hear the sound , muffle and distant , of kynette talk . gabe strain to hear -- a bad time to come up ? might be . ext . buttress side maggie , tired , get near the top and collapse , rest for a moment , she arm on the edge -- maggie look up and be very surprised to see kynette , stand over she , smile , he gun aim down at she . kynette rotten weather for a climb , huh ? ( aim barrel ) I have two question I would like to trouble you with . ready ? maggie stare up , freeze -- whatever she be expect , it be not this . kynette this first one 's easy . do you know a man name gabe Walker ? maggie yes. ( breathless , scared ) where be he ? kynette you do not know either ? I be sorry . that be question number two . ( lower barrel ) thanks for you time . as kynette tighten he finger around the trigger -- gabe appear -- he complete he run toward kynette 's back and kick he over the edge -- kynette go fly over maggie , he shot go wild -- but he catch himself on the rock and come to a painful but safe halt after skid down ten foot -- gabe yank maggie to she foot and onto the top . maggie get a good look at gabe -- he clothes be slashed , he 's cover with cut , and coat with slime and dirt from the crack . he look like he 's just spend a week in Hell . gabe do not react to she reaction -- he just grab she hand and run . qualen choose this moment to show up at the opposite edge -- he fire and automatic burst at gabe and maggie . gabe come on -- maggie where ? -- gabe here . gabe jump on a spot in the snow over the crack , cave it in -- gabe fall two foot into the crack - maggie' Pov gabe have grab , and be hang from , a rope anchore to a piton on the edge of the rock . he 's also glower up at maggie a little impatiently . gabe today , goddamit ! gabe rappel down the rope into the darkness . maggie hesitates -- she 's still get use to the idea of be shot at -- kynette woozy but recover , have climb up -- he run toward the open , firing he gun -- maggie drop into the relative safety of the crack and rappel downward . maggie reach rope 's end thirty foot down , as the vertical passage again become diagonal . gabe be there wait . kynette reach the edge of the crack and fire down into it -- gabe and maggie - further down -- bullet be ricocheting all over -- gabe throw himself over maggie to shield she . kynette can not see what he 's shoot at , so he mercifully stop . see the rope , he bend down to climb after they -- gabe and maggie - further down gabe reach up and tug gently on the rope twice -- kynette - reaching for the rope -- which be tie in a standard climber 's slipknot and come undone with a final tug -- the rope , freed of the piton , fall down , but kynette firmly grab hold of the end -- gabe feel the rope go taut -- he yank the rope down hard -- kynette get more pull than he count on and take a head first fall into the crack , disappear with a scream -- qualen have just arrive in time to see this -- gabe look over as kynette bounce past he , a few foot away -- the rope go slack in he hand as kynette fall below . up above - qualen in frustration , fire a burst straight down into the crack -- gabe and maggie - in the crack / chimney gabe and maggie move laterally through the crack -- now about thirty foot from where they start , so ricochet be a serious but decrease problem . the crack narrow from five to three foot . gabe edge maggie down into it , and along a ledge move to the side . gabe this way . ( off maggie 's look ) I like the outside of the mountain better too , but -- gabe and maggie move along the ledge -- qualen be still at the edge of the crack -- stymy . he 's definitely not climb down after they -- he pull back from the edge . in the crack / chimney - gabe and maggie find a comparative point of comfort -- a toe-size ledge . maggie be move ahead of gabe . gabe stop . maggie we can not -- gabe I need to stop . exhausted , gabe brace himself against the wall . gabe ( look at maggie ) I be glad to see you -- but Christ , I wish you have not come . ext . wire crossing - tower side - day qualen whizze across the wire on the harness , easily make it to where hal , travers and kristel be wait . traver do not tell I -- qualen ( disengaging ) he 's still alive . travers take a couple of heavy swing at the connect bolt with hal 's axe . qualen grab he arm before he can take a third swing -- and look at he watch . qualen for another two minute . in the crack / chimney - gabe and maggie gabe catch he breath . all this be take its toll on he . maggie it hurt just look at you . gabe ( still panting ) try it from this side . do you still have you radio ? maggie it 's not go to work in here . gabe let 's give it a try . ( she hand it to he ) I be in bad need of a ride . ( key it ) come in , rescue unit -- ext . tower face - day hal be lead the expedition upward along a ledge -- the radio , in travers ' pack , come to life . gabe ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) -- come in , rescue one -- travers stare dagger at qualen . qualen look to he watch . qualen patience . int . rescue station the radio be read gabe loud , if not clear -- the interference of solid rock be garbling it . but we can see out the window that Frank be now between radio , carefully haul Evan 's body from the helicopter to the station on a collapsible gurney . no one else be in the station . gabe ( o.s. ) ( over radio , break up ) -- come in , Frank -- int . buttress crack / chimney gabe , exasperate , stop for a moment . gabe be there anybody else on the radio ? maggie shake she head no . gabe I take a year off and the department go to hell . ( key it ) -- come in , rescue unit -- top of buttress - high angle we can see there be three hole punch in the snow along the crack 's top -- closer on one of the hole recognizably the part of the crack gabe and maggie dove into -- but perch on the edge be a block of plastic explosive -- the detonator LED race down -- 0:20 -- 0:19 -- a second hole have be punch in the snow at the center point of the crevice 's top -- another bomb have be plant there -- a third hole at the opposite end of the crevice have a third timer tie to a third pack of plastic -- ext . tower face qualen be stare at he watch , but point the other toward the buttress . gabe ( o.s. ) ( via radio ) come in , Frank -- over -- qualen try to get thirty million in entertainment out of this , because he be definitely in for thirty million worth of pain . gabe 's radio call continue as qualen extend he arm towards the buttress and start a silent hand countdown , stage manager style -- five -- four -- three -- insert - timer the LED run down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- the buttress top be shattered by a huge blast as the first bomb detonate -- inside the crack / chimney the wall be pulverize near the top and cave in , raining rock further down towards -- gabe and maggie who be hit by a blast of air booming down through the confine space -- gabe drop the radio -- maggie slip , but gabe grab she -- both slide down the crack , out of control , until it narrow to a three foot width -- and they stop -- gabe shove maggie against the wall and try to protect she with he body as the rock start to rain down -- tower face hal lunge at qualen , but be hold back by travers . hal you sick fuck -- qualen do not worry . they may still be alive . that be the small one . rescue station Frank stop wheeling the gurney and look up at the far-off blast , and the smoke , amaze . frank Jesus -- that 's some flare . inside the crack rock tumble down it , fill it in and sealing it off -- further down - gabe be brace over maggie , protect she from the first round of fall rock , but roll thunder in the crack announce that more be come -- gabe look up as the noise get closer -- above in the crack the rockslide arrive -- the crack be fill in second with rock and dirt , pack it in -- gabe try to hold on , but be shove down by the fall rock -- maggie , however , be bury in the crack as it fill -- gabe be knock down to a point where the crack narrow -- he stop himself by jam he body against the side . suddenly , it 's quiet . a little dirt whistle through , but that 's all . the cave - in have stop , as it 's fill in the crack above . and maggie be in the middle of it . gabe unsheath he ice axe and start hack up to get at maggie . dirt and rock fall in he face as he dig -- bomb number two - insert another LED be count down from 3:00 -- 2:59 -- 2:58 -- inside the crack gabe frantically hack at the ceiling of dirt -- rock and soil tumble down , but no sign of maggie . gabe uncover one of maggie 's foot . be it too late ? gabe dig up around she -- maggie realize gabe be there -- she start kick . finally maggie tumble out of the cave - in -- gasp and cough , but alive . gabe catch she and brushes the dirt off she face . gabe be you all right ? maggie ( terrify , cough ) why be they do this ? rescue station Frank , have lain Evan 's body to rest , run back to the helicopter , start it up and take off . inside the crack / chimney gabe be lead maggie horizontally through the crack , fast and furious -- maggie ( look up ) we might be able to get up that way -- there 's a open -- gabe no -- there could be another bomb up there -- even if there be not , we could get another cave - in . the only sure way out be through the side . ext . treasury plane crash site - day treasury agent sift debris as Davis run up to Stuart . davis I have get something here . stuart let 's have it . davis there 's a unconfirm report of a distress call make from a plane that crash . stuart that 's really , really interesting , but -- ( gesture around ) -- kind of old news , do not you think ? davis this call be supposedly make from a plane that crash land . after it land . stuart ( wave it off ) sound like they get it wrong . next time you interrupt my work make sure it 's something I can use . int . mountain crack / chimney gabe and maggie cautiously move along a single ledge -- finally , some light can be see , thirty foot ahead , as they round a corner . gabe ( smile ) come on -- we be almost out . the crack narrow , and gabe straddle it , put he foot on the opposite edge to walk faster . but before he can go on -- a hand grab one of gabe 's ankle from below and yank he down -- gabe tumble painfully , brake himself in front of kynette bruise and bloody , who have survive the earlier fall and make he way out . his look be not a forgive one . kynette miss I ? kynette smashes gabe 's face with a devastating , brass - knuckle punch -- gabe fall back , desperately grab at the wall to stop himself from go all the way down -- as he weakly try to get up -- kynette calmly open he knife , and re-lace he finger into its brass - knuckle handle . tower face the gang and hal watch the mountain top , with very different expectation and hope -- they vantage point keep they from see where the crack actually come out . qualen ( look to hal ) you might say a few word for you friend -- this be the one that will bury they . bomb number two - insert ready to blow -- 0:10 -- 0:09 -- in the crack - maggie can only look down helplessly at gabe and kynette fight -- gabe be on he foot , but kynette , slashing at he with he knife , be force gabe to back up -- the crack be get wider , and find foothold while crab-walk backwards in the dark be not east . gabe 's in a rotten fight position -- as he have to spread he foot out wider as he back up , he 's always lower than kynette . gabe throw a punch at kynette 's stomach , but there 's no power to it . kynette hit gabe with a brutal knuckle - duster punch -- gabe fly back several foot , somehow manage to straddle the crack wall -- which be now four foot apart . kynette move in for the kill . bomb number two - insert the LED count down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- 0:00 -- but do not detonate . a green light start flash , but the bomb have not go off . in the crack / chimney kynette move in over gabe and swing down with the knife -- but gabe grab he knife hand , and add he own force to the swing , imbed the knife to the hilt in the rock wall , trapping kynette 's hand in the brass - knuckle handle . gabe stabilize himself on kynette 's trap arm and get a little payback -- three solid roundhouse punch to kynette 's face -- he then climb up he pin opponent , step up on kynette 's stick hand as if it be a piton . tower face qualen 's smirk be wipe off he face . the bomb do not work ? traver what happen ? qualen I be not sure -- I set the timer -- qualen gesture helplessly , put the radio in hal 's reach . hal take advantage of this , throw off travers , and grab the radio . hal ( key radio ) gabe , it 's a dud -- but the second hal transmit -- bomb number two detonate over the central part of the crevice , and as promise , it 's even bigger than the first -- inside the crack the bomb instantly blast ton of rock down the crevice -- gabe and maggie the rumble of the approach rockslide be unmistakable -- gabe shove maggie forward -- gabe move ! maggie do not have to be tell twice -- she and gabe move out the narrow crack quickly , but under the circumstance , this " run " look damn slow -- kynette struggle with the stick knife as the cave - in knock he off the wall and bury he instantly -- gabe and maggie cover the last ten foot , shove forward by a airburst from the giant explosion -- they make it to the crack 's edge at last , but on the outside of the mountain gabe and maggie still have to cling desperately to the sheer wall -- the airburst have turn the crack into a wind tunnel -- it 's as if the mountain be try to blow they out . tower face hal , shocked , stare at the enormity of the explosion . qualen look serenely satisfied . qualen when I be seventeen , I be a sentry on the East Berlin boundary . there be a problem , then -- too many defector be manage to sneak through the wilderness to the west . a man would take they through , every night of every week -- a man like you friend . ( beat ) he have quite a sense of humor . every time he get someone through , he would radio we at midnight to let we know how many . " five tonight . " " eight more have be freed tonight . " no one could find the route . it make I look bad . ( beat ) I look day and night and finally I find it . a tunnel . I do not tell I superior . I put a charge there , with a timer to trigger a radio receiver on the detonator . at midnight . we friend make he radio report , and I hear he say " seven " before the explosion . ( beat ) they pull eight body out of the tunnel , and I be promote to intelligence the next day . hal , stunne , look at the radio , realize qualen trick he into detonate the bomb . travers , grin , take the radio from hal and pat he on the back . traver thanks . we could not have kill he without you . gabe and maggie - on the wall the force of the airburst , as brief as it be strong , be over . Dust slowly swirl out -- gabe and maggie raise they head . gabe look back -- the crack be now seal off . gabe take a piton and hammer from he belt and hand it to maggie along with the rope . gabe knock this in the side . make it firm . maggie do as gabe take the binocular out , and climb out on a slim toehold so he can look up the wall . gabe Pov - up the wall gabe whip the binocular up to the top edge of the wall . it 's blurry -- gabe focus the binocular on -- the third bomb , visible on the mountain 's edge . the LED count down , but it 's partly obscure . all gabe can see be the second , not the minute , that remain -- :42 -- :41 -- gabe ( o.s. ) bad news . there 's another bomb up there . we have get to move quick . gabe scan methodically but rapidly down the rock below . all smooth . until -- gabe swing the binocular back . there 's a lip ninety foot below , lead into the wall . a cave . gabe ( o.s. ) good news . there 's a cave down there . gabe put away the binocular and swing back to maggie -- she let the length of rope drop . it 's thirty foot long . not even almost long enough to get to the shelter . gabe lean against the crack wall , drain . now what ? helicopter - moving over mountain Frank be in the air , head back out toward the range , frantically work the radio . frank maggie -- come in , maggie , this be rescue one -- tower face Frank 's call be hear on the radio . travers take it , and take charge . traver there 's we ride out of here . everyone out of sight -- except you , kristel . ( hand she radio ) make the distress call . you be so good at it . all scramble up towards the clear . insert - the third bomb we can see what gabe could not -- the timer have about two minute leave -- 1:59 -- 1:58 -- gabe and maggie - at the crack edge gabe look completely defeat . can not go up . can not go back in . can not go down . maggie ( frantic ) what be we go to do ? gabe ( defeat ) die. I be sorry , maggie . I be sorry you get into this . gabe and maggie fuse together in a tight embrace -- a final embrace . but gabe open he eye as the rope , still in maggie 's hand , brushes he cheek . the end be fray . gabe 's eye light up . inspiration . gabe break off the embrace and snatch the rope from she -- he pull at the end and furiously start unravel it . maggie what be you do ? ext . treasury plane crash site - day Davis have just fill in wright on the " unconfirm " distress call . wright look furious . wright he do not think a distress call from a crash plane be " important " ? ( Davis nod ) get I a fuck radio ! now ! ext . helicopter fly over the mountain . int . helicopter Frank be practically there , head toward the buttress and the face Tower . frank ( over radio ) come in , maggie , over -- kristel ( o.s. ) ( over radio -- " weak " ) Alpha Charlie niner -- please -- help -- Frank recognize the pilot 's voice from the " distress call " . frank ( over radio ) I copy , Charlie niner -- what 's you position -- over -- a aerial flare fire up , leave a clear marker . frank ( over radio ) sit tight , Charlie niner -- I be right on top of you . gabe and maggie - at the crack edge gabe be still unravel the rope fiber -- it 's three different segment wound together . the helicopter fly overhead -- and past . maggie ( shouting , wave ) Frank ! down here ! Frank ! gabe forget about it . he can not hear you . ( hand maggie some rope ) tie this together . tight . maggie ( realize ) -- be you out of you mind -- gabe this be rope from the Gordon exhibit . the way guy climb then , they would tie on three at a time -- this rope will take around nine hundred pound . maggie gabe -- this rope be sixty year old -- gabe ( miss the point ) yeah , they make it pretty good then . each of this strand ought to hold about 300 pound before snap . gabe rapidly tie the rope to the piton -- maggie work on the third connect knot as she do the mental calculation of what she and gabe weigh together . maggie ( daze ) ought to . about. ( beat ) will it hold ? gabe take the line from she and let it drop . ninety foot of what look like twine . gabe depend on how big a breakfast you have . you want to go first ? maggie 's stunne -- but there 's no choice . she start the rappel down , and gabe be close behind . insert - the third bomb be ready to blow -- 0:12 -- 0:11 -- maggie and gabe - rappelling down to make this even trickier , they have to swing over to the side about fifteen foot to get to the cave -- meaning they have to move down in pendulum type swing that put even more pressure on the rope which look sorely test at one knot -- it 's come undone -- maggie and gabe - rappelling they swing down lower -- twenty foot to the cave , four thousand to the ground -- insert - the bomb -- 0:04 -- 0:03 -- maggie and gabe - rappelling they reach the end of the rope -- six foot above the cave and fifteen foot away laterally . gabe ( shouting ) swing towards it -- and drop ! maggie nod -- they start the swing over -- as they get over the cave 's lip -- the rope snap -- maggie and gabe fall , landing roughly on the cave 's narrow lip -- gabe start to slip over , but maggie pull he back as -- above on the wall the bomb detonate and start raining debris -- a instant , massive rockslide -- maggie and gabe dive into the small cave as the rockslide tumble past -- exhaust , they collapse on the cave floor . the helicopter - over the tower Frank , obviously , be surprised by the nearby explosion . frank what the fuck -- but he see kristel in a clear . face down in the snow . first thing first . ext . tower / clearing Frank land near she , and rush over to she . Frank turn she over and break a capsule under she nose . she " wake up " with a start and look " terrify " . kristel what -- who be -- frank do not worry . I be here to help . kristel ( recover ) glad to hear it . kristel see the snap be off Frank 's holster -- she grab it , spin it around , and pull the trigger . click . Frank grab she wrist with a move faster than you would expect from he , and he yank the pistol back . frank jailhouse load . first chamber 's empty -- ( aim gun ) -- the rest be not . forgive I , but thing have be a little strange this morning . nearby , the helicopter radio crackle to life . Frank back toward the helicopter , keep the gun train on kristel . but Frank only get to the helicopter door before -- delmer come out of hide and empty a clip from he automatic into Frank . Frank be pin to the door by the fusillade before he can even get a shot off . travers run over to delmer and shove the barrel up . traver stop ! ( explain ) you will damage the helicopter . as if to punctuate this , Frank -- and the now ruin pilot side door -- fall to the ground . the radio continue to squawk as travers grab Frank 's discard gun . traver ( to kristel ) answer that . kristel brushes the snow off she and go over to the radio . stuart ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) Calling Rocky Mountain rescue -- come in , Rocky Mountain rescue -- over -- kristel ( key radio ) Rocky Mountain rescue one , over -- ext . treasury plane crash site - day wright , davis , and a irritate Stuart huddle over a radio . stuart this be Ross Stuart , Federal Aviation administration -- please identify -- over -- ext . helicopter - day by now , the other have come out of hide and up to the helicopter . kristel grab some papers from a plastic packet on the helicopter seat -- and key the mike . kristel copy , faa . this be Margaret deighan , Rocky Mountain rescue . over -- stuart ( o.s. ) we have a unconfirm report of a air crash in you area , and a distress call on this frequency -- can you confirm -- over -- kristel ( key mike ) copy , faa . distress call come at approximately eleven hundred hour yesterday . I investigate -- the call turn out to be a false alarm . over . ext . treasury plane crash site - day Stuart gesture with exasperate triumph . stuart please repeat , Rocky Mountain rescue -- distress call be a false alarm ? -- over -- kristel ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) repeat , distress call be a definite false alarm -- we have have several here . somebody 's sick idea of a joke . do you require further assistance -- over -- stuart not from you . thanks , Rocky Mountain rescue -- over and out -- Stuart shut off the radio with finality . stuart I do not want to say I tell you so . but I do . can I go back to work now ? ext . helicopter / tower clearing - day kristel smile and put the radio mike back into its bracket . traver I almost believe you myself . travers smile and turn , look at hal tremble with fury and grief , bent over Frank 's body as the last trace of vapor -- he breath -- trail from he lip . he 's go . hal gently close the eye of he friend . hal ( quiet ) Goodbye , Frank . travers move up behind hal and kick he . traver time for number three . unless you want to have a longer conversation with he elsewhere . hal ( low ) fuck off . travers kick he in the face , knock he into the snow . hal I think I will wait here . you just murder three of my friend . sooner or later , whoever 's chase you be go to show up and return the favor , and I would love to watch . travers put he gun at hal 's forehead and shrug . traver suit yourself . you see , we just have a little interface with several branch of the federal government -- one of whose member I know have zero imagination -- and I can tell you , the cavalry just be not go to make it by this week . ( beat ) no , you be take we where we want to go . because you want to return that favor and you want to do more than watch . you want to kill I -- more than anything , even more than you want to keep on breathe , and with a little more time you pray you will get that chance . ( tighten trigger ) be I right ? hal 's answer be a stony , loathing stare . he get up . but -- insert - hal be hand -- we can see hal have palm something from Frank 's body . int . cave - gabe and maggie Dust from the rockslide be drift past the cave open , but the worst be over . gabe roll maggie over carefully . gabe be you okay ? maggie my ear be ringing -- but I be all right . gabe , what 's go on ? gabe ( show money in he pack ) this . that plane crash -- it 's a half dozen guy who be smart enough to steal fifty million buck , but dumb enough to drop it all over the range . they have get hal as a bird dog -- and right now they be head for the rest of it . maggie where ? gabe it 's close to the lake -- hal 's probably lead they on the slowest possible route down to it . ( stiffly get up ) I can get there first -- all I have to do be make it along the north wall to the bitker ladder -- maggie " all ? " Jesus , gabe -- what do you expect to do then ? gabe ( aching ) something -- subtle . gabe lurch towards the cave open , look more like quasimodo than a champion climber . maggie stop he . maggie I be go with you . gabe no way . you be climb back down -- try to get to the station or find some help . maggie I be just as good a climber as you be -- and right now , I be definitely in better shape . gabe ( hard ) and you be definitely not go -- maggie stare gabe down . guess who win all the argument when they be together . gabe 's face be a portrait of familiar exasperation . gabe okay . come on -- as they move out of the cave together , gabe favor one foot . gabe -- but the second you slow I down , I be leave -- ( slip on sore leg , maggie catch he ) -- I be leave you behind . understood ? maggie ( help gabe out ) anything you say , gabe . ext . treasury plane crash site - on chunk of wreckage if you have a good imagination , this corner of charcoal look like it could have be -- wright ( o.s. ) one of the currency case . wright and davis be stand over some of the wreckage . one of the suit bag and tag the " briefcase " . davis we have test the ash inside -- it 's the right paper . wright what about the man ? davis it 's -- hard to tell . but forensics say yes . all of they be in the plane . wright ( sag with the news ) everything 's account for , then -- time to head back and start make excuse . ( beat ) fifty million buck up in smoke , and I just do not give a shit . it 's one more run of the press . but we lose five good man and they be not so easily replace . ( beat ) especially a guy like travers . ext . mountain top / tower - helicopter - day dedicate agent travers lean in reasonable comfort against the helicopter and key he headset mike . traver qualen . how far along be you ? qualen ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) not as far as we would be with the helicopter . further down on mountain / tower qualen , kristel and delmer follow hal 's lead down the side -- it 's not too steep a grade , but it 's solid rock and it 's cover with ice and fresh snow -- all have to brace themselves with they hand to keep from slip down . traver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) we have less than half a tank of fuel , Eric -- if we burn it up treasure hunt we will never get off this rock . now -- how far away be you ? qualen ( key radio ) it look like two mile , but -- qualen 's foot slide out from under he -- he catch himself . qualen -- it will take some time . traver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) time we have -- Walker 's dead , wright 's a idiot . and we guide -- qualen ( key radio ) what about he ? traver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) as soon as he become a convenience instead of a necessity -- kill he . qualen ( key radio ) agreed . hal can only hear qualen 's end of the conversation -- but he face show he can guess what they be talk about . CUT to : gabe face - close gabe 's rattle too -- but for a brand new reason -- we pull back to see gabe at the wire's edge where the wire -- that wire -- link the buttress with the face Tower . whipping in the wind , it look risky -- but that 's not the problem . gabe stare at the other edge for a moment . immobile . remember Susan 's death . gabe shake out of it when -- maggie gabe ? ( beat ) I will go first . gabe ( shake he head ) if I do not go first , I might not go at all . gabe hook he ankle over the wire and start drag himself , hand over hand , across the abyss -- no safety line this time . as he weight pull the line taut , the wind rock he back and forth . gabe steadily drag himself out -- gabe on wire - long shot fatigue stop gabe in the middle -- a half mile up , strung between two gigantic mountain , he look as insignificant and alone as a man possibly can be -- closer on gabe pant with exertion , freeze -- he can barely hold he grip and have a elbow crooked around the wire for support . gabe 's eye be shut -- he look near collapse -- flashback - gabe Pov gabe be fall from the wire in slow motion , trail Susan -- she spiral out of reach as he line snap he back -- gabe be grip unconsciously relax -- but he eye jolt open and he clamp both hand shut on the wire . gabe , draw on some inner fury , drag himself with long , sharp yank -- maggie tensely watch gabe 's crossing -- overview - gabe be about ten foot away from the end -- gabe upside - down Pov - the end of the wire look a lot further away than that -- gabe pull faster -- and reach the other side . gabe maintain he hand grip and swing he foot onto the ledge , lean back against the wall to catch he breath . gabe ( wind , shouting across ) think you can beat my time ? maggie smile -- this be more like the gabe she remember . she get on the wire and start across in a fast , easy rhythm . gabe watch she , grin . admiration for maggie be wash away bad memory of Susan . gabe ( to himself ) shit -- she be in better shape . maggie pull across fearlessly -- but -- insert - the bolt on gabe 's side of the wire be give where travers have hack at it -- just a millimeter , but it 's pull loose -- gabe do not notice and shout across at maggie , now half way . gabe ( enjoy it now ) quit sandbagge it -- I have not get all day -- insert - the bolt be come looser -- maggie 's quick crossing be thrashing the wire and strain the bolt 's weaken anchore -- gabe - watching maggie who be now twenty foot away -- fifteen -- ten -- five -- insert - the bolt pop out of the wall as if it be shot -- the wire which be tight as a bowstring fire out into the chasm -- maggie , stunne and without option , let go two foot short of the ledge -- gabe drop low just as maggie start to fall and swing he arm out towards hers in one lightning - fast motion -- there hand catch -- gabe maintain he grip on maggie 's hand , but she weight nearly pull he off the ledge -- maggie drag he down , the window go out of he chest when it collide with the ledge 's bottom , but they grip hold . all of this in a split second . maggie hang from gabe 's arm , lock in terror -- but skill win out over fear . she find a handhold with she free arm , and climb up to the ledge with gabe 's help . maggie collapse into gabe 's arm and they fall back against the wall , but gabe 's the one who 's really hold on tight . gabe that -- tear it . ( gasp ) you be not come any further . maggie ( just as breathless ) gabe -- you be go to get yourself kill -- gabe ( breath almost back ) maybe . but I be not get you kill . ( she start a reply ) look , maggie . I do not know what will happen when I catch up with hal -- but I have get to know one thing for sure -- that you be make it off this mountain . alive . gabe 's eye be plead . maggie hesitates . but give in . maggie okay . gabe lightly kiss maggie -- he do not want to turn this into a farewell kiss , afraid that that 's really what it might be . they stand -- and separate . gabe move away . gabe get on the trail and stay out of sight . ( beat ) I will see you on the ground . maggie wonder if she will as gabe vanish around a corner . ext . treasury plane crash site - close on body bag as the zipper be pull down -- before we can see anything we mercifully reverse Pov to wright , davis and stuart near a helicopter , look down with disgust . Davis turn away . wright I give up . what be it ? a search pilot zip the bag back up . search pilot id say this use to be you pilot . ( beat ) and we find he seven mile east of the wreck . Davis and wright look at each other , draw the same conclusion . wright a hijack . ( beat ) the plane be hijacked . Son of a bitch -- stuart oh , give I a break . you pilot lose it when the flight start go south , and he bail -- search pilot Excuse I -- but there 's no parachute there . check it yourself . before this can go on , a forensics agent run up to Stuart carry a recorder . forensics agent Sir -- we find the flight recorder -- it be drive twenty foot deep into a crater . it be demolish , but we salvage the recording -- stuart ( grab it away ) I have hear a thousand of this , wright -- whoever be at the stick be go to begin by screeching the Lord 's prayer and wind up scream " oh , shit " at ground zero -- Stuart click the recorder on with a flourish , but he smug look melt as the voice of FBI agent matheson explain -- matheson ( o.s. ) ( shouting , rush ) -- the money 's be steal -- travers and the pilot be in on it -- the pilot 's dead , but travers take the cash and make a mid-air transfer to a jet fly by qualen -- control will not respond -- ( scream ) shiiiiii - - matheson be cut off by the sound of impact , which be follow by silence . wright gently turn the recorder off . wright guess we be both right , Stuart . thanks for you expertise . ( turn to pilot ) well ? ( jerk a thumb back ) you will be wait till groundhog 's Day for he to pull he head out of he ass -- let 's get it in the air ! wright , Davis and the pilot scramble into a helicopter -- Stuart pause , but go after they . ext . mountain wall / tower - high angle - gabe moving on a ledge that 's a little narrower than you coffee table . it 's get irregular break , cause it to go up or down several foot -- and gabe be jogging it , leaping across the ledge 's gap , lean toward the wall -- and away from the four thousand foot drop . gabe 's get he second wind -- he keep jump from ledge to ledge with the ease that come from skill and familiarity , and with renew purpose . gabe make the last jump to a section of ledge near the bottom of the " bitker " ladder which consist of metal rung woven into loose steel cable bolt into the rock , run two hundred foot to the top -- something leave behind by a past expedition , now a tourist 's toy . and the bottom rung be three foot above gabe 's outstretch arm . gabe have not get any lower in the last year . ( coiling for jump ) bitker , you cheap bastard . would another four foot have kill you ? gabe leap up , grab the bottom rung instead of a half mile of air , and he shoot up the ladder as we pull back -- wider angle on mountain wall a closer look at terrain see earlier -- fifty yard away from the ladder , a waterfall be spew out of the wall , give the appearance that the mountain have sprung a torrential leak . as we track gabe up the ladder , we can see where the water 's come from -- a whirling lake on top of the mountain . its constant motion keep it from totally freezing , but the lake be still coat with a veneer of ice , move in thick chunks through circular current on the surface . elsewhere on mountain slope - hal and gang be negotiate the grade , which be slippery , thanks to the fresh , thick snow -- we can see from they relative position to the lake that gabe have a lead on they . a very slight one . top of ladder - gabe pull himself over and start run -- as he do , he uproot a big , 3 ' x 3 ' park service sign commemorate the " bitker climb " and take it with he , move ahead into a wooded area where gabe replant the sign near the top of another slope . gabe head down towards some rock -- -- and spot the third case , which take a tough landing on one rock -- it 's shattered into halve , and the band of $ 5000s be scattered around in the snow . gabe rush down behind a rock and start gather the cash -- soak by the snow , they have freeze into ice brick . as gabe stuff they into he pack , he 's startle by something come over the rock -- gabe whirl around to face a rabbit that 's land in the snow and look a lot more frighten than gabe be . gabe lean back , relieved . for now . ext . further up on slope - hal and gang be closer now -- but as they move down , hal freeze in place as he see the " bitker " sign some distance ahead . the sign be out of place . a signal from gabe -- he be alive . and here . qualen and the other check the monitor . hal take the opportunity to back up to a rock formation and swiftly , subtly wedge something into a crack behind he back -- insert - the object be what hal lift off Frank 's body -- a speed load cylinder from a revolver , with six fresh bullet in it . qualen check the monitor -- the relative position show they be -- qualen almost there . -- but qualen 's grin be wipe away as he look down at -- the monitor -- the tracer blip be move -- fast -- away from they position ! qualen be face shift from incredulity to realization to rage . all eye be on the monitor -- hal , at the rock formation , have one hand behind he back . insert - hal be hand shake a box of match from he sleeve -- he slide a single wooden match halfway out of the pack -- and ignites it with he thumbnail -- hal move away from the rock , to draw they attention from what he 's be do -- hal oh , no -- you do not lose another one , do you ? delmer click off he safety and aim at hal -- qualen run into the wood , guide by the monitor -- kristel follow . delmer back hal up at gunpoint . hal deliberately move in a semi-circle , put delmer 's back to the rock . delmer what about he ? qualen ( over he shoulder ) kill he ! now ! delmer grin as he aim at hal . delmer tell I -- where would you like the first half dozen shot to go ? insert - the match have burn more than halfway down to the rest of the box , which be behind the speed load cylinder -- hal and delmer hal ( hand up ) as long as you be take request -- how about -- the base of you spine ? delmer smile and start to squeeze the trigger -- hal tense up , it 's now or never -- insert - the match burn down to the box , ignite all the match -- on delmer as there be the sudden sound of six distinct , consecutive gunshot behind he -- the fire 's blast the powder in all the bullet . delmer , startle , spin around and fire up , fire down , fire across -- by the time he realize no one 's there and he turn back around to find -- -- hal be go , vanish into the wood . following qualen through the wood -- up a slope , around a tree , down another slope -- he eye fix on the screen and the blip that 's zig - zag just ahead of he . qualen ( tagging headset radio ) travers . get down here . now . traver be try to repair the helicopter door when the call come . traver have you find the money ? qualen ( o.s. ) no. Walker have . travers , furious , fling the door aside , jump into the copter and start the rotor . qualen be run alone , follow the monitor lead -- until he see a band of $ 5000s in the snow . sure he 's on the right track , qualen pick it up and pick up he pace too . but we can see that behind he and higher up -- gabe who be on a rise behind a rock , watch qualen 's futile pursuit from a distance , amused . amuse , until -- kristel you would have live longer , if you be not such a smartass . gabe spin he head around -- and he temple smack into kristel 's gun barrel . kristel you telegraphed this kind of stunt with that joke snowman . too bad for you we be not all gullible . kristel start to squeeze the trigger . gabe good thing for qualen you be . kristel ( pause , wary ) what do you mean ? gabe when he come back , he 's go to shoot you and the other guy , grab the money , and take off with travers . kristel ( squeezing trigger again ) no sale . say " night -night " -- gabe ( talk fast ) he already blow up one of you pal in that crevice . and I have be in that copter . it go a hell of a lot farther with two people than with four . ( beat ) be I wrong ? give he a buzz . kristel ease back with the gun . kristel you have get my attention . gabe you have also get all the money . and I can show you how to get off the mountain with it . right now . elsewhere on mountain - hal tear into a clear , try to put some distance between he and delmer -- as soon as he 's out in the open , though , the helicopter thunder over hal -- travers fire down at hal through the doorless pilot 's side . bullet kick up tuft of snow at hal 's heel as he run down into a steep , sloping wood area . the tree cover be too thick for travers to take good aim . look like temporary refuge -- but inside the helicopter travers find a new use for the search copter 's heat scope -- use the blip that betray hal 's body heat as a guide , travers can still fire down through the tree at hal who 's still run down the grade -- he have not be hit yet , but there 's a awful lot of bad luck in the air -- traver bank the helicopter around and up for another pass . ext . another part of the mountain / tower wood - qualen be slogging uphill after he own tracer blip -- which be turn back around and head towards he . qualen aim he gun and wait , but at the top of the hill -- the rabbit that spook gabe earlier stick its head up for a curious sniff . it have the tracer fastened to its neck with a currency band . furious , qualen fire at the rabbit -- it safely speed away as qualen smashes the useless tracer monitor and turn around . ext . traver in helicopter - traver Pov on the heat scope . the blip that represent hal -- vanish . delmer , who have catch up , be at the edge of the tree-line area -- he look up at travers . traver ( key headset radio ) he 's hide twenty yard in -- be careful . ext . wood - delmer " reply " , beep twice on the headset 's ear button as he move downhill into the wood , closely follow hal 's track -- they lead up to the replant " bitker " sign . just big enough to hide behind . delmer smile , and advance toward the sign -- -- and look behind it . nothing but a mound of snow . delmer look again to the track , which lead toward a SMALL rock formation also big enough to conceal hal . delmer move toward it as -- behind the " bitker " sign the mound of snow shift as hal climb out , silently shaking off the cover -- the snow hide he not only from delmer , but from the heat scope as well -- traver in helicopter hover overhead , watch delmer 's blip on the heat scope -- but hal 's blip return , rush ahead -- traver ( key headset radio ) he 's right behind you ! delmer whirl around at the warning , he gun blazing , but hal be too fast -- he swing the sign like a club , knock delmer 's gun away into the snow . before hal can swing again , delmer brutally punch hal in the face -- stunne , hal drop the sign -- in helicopter - traver Pov travers can not do anything now but watch the heat scope as if it be a video game -- now it 's just one big blip -- delmer and hal thrash around in the snow , pummelling each other -- hal 's get the worst of it , as delmer manage to get on top of he and deliver a series of punish blow to he face . ready to end it , delmer try to get the bolt gun off a clip on he front pack strap -- but he have trouble unfasten it . hal rally with a solid punch to delmer 's face . hal get delmer off of he and follow with two more . delmer be knock away , landing on the sign board -- but clear from hal -- another chance to get the bolt gun off -- hal quickly move to the sign and grab its post -- before delmer can move off the sign 's board , hal 's run forward . shove the sign ahead of he with delmer on top -- hal let go , and the sign , with delmer , sleds downhill on the hard pack snow -- traver in helicopter - traver can now see one blip move quickly away from the other -- traver ( into radio ) something 's move fast down the hill -- be it tucker ? hal have find delmer 's fall headset radio and put it on . traver ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) answer I ! be it tucker ? hal smile and beep twice -- affirmative . in helicopter happy at last , travers take off after the blip , fly down the incline and stay just above the tree , strafing a intense fusillade at delmer who 's scream as a storm of bullet rip through he and the sign and the surround snow , keep pace with he downhill slide -- traver in helicopter fire until he clip be empty -- he head for the end of the tree line as he target come out , skid to a stop in the snow . travers gleefully move lower down for a closer look but be shocked to see delmer - on " sled " delmer 's highly perforate body roll off the sign as it finally skid to a dead halt . close on traver who be apoplectic -- he 's just shot one of he own man . hal ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) thanks load . ( beat ) I could not have kill he without you . travers look down at the heat scope -- blank . hal be hide he body " heat " under a rock formation . in helicopter stymy , travers furiously bank it away from the wood area and circle around the mountain 's other side . ext . mountain - sloping grade - gabe and kristel gabe , hand on he head , move down a slope near a mountain edge , ahead of kristel , who 's aim she gun at he back . kristel how much further ? gabe ( stop ) it 's right over there . gabe nod ahead , indicate what look like a a shed that be partially obscure by snow , about twenty foot distant across a snowy plateau . gabe and kristel gabe it 's a storage locker for the ranger . everything you need to get off the mountain be in there -- skiis , food -- I will show you -- gabe show a sudden burst of enthusiasm and start quickly move ahead again -- kristel suspiciously notice this -- kristel do not move . kristel get ahead of gabe and walk backward , keep she gun train on he as she crunch through the snow . kristel skiis , food -- and maybe gun too , right ? ( move backward ) keep walk . not too close . gabe we would make better time walk straight ahead . qualen 's not go to be hopping down the bunny trail too much longer . kristel ( walk backward ) right . so I would better have one less problem when he arrive . gabe ( know this mean he ) do not fuck up . you still need I to show you a route off the mountain . kristel you have wear that one out , Walker -- ( snap back bolt ) -- I will find my own way down . kristel solidly plant she foot firmly to shoot gabe , but she foot sink through the crystallize snow cover -- -- kristel completely disappear down through the snow as it collapse under she -- she 's pull the trigger and shot go wild as she sink and sink -- on gabe who 's have to drop flat on he stomach to avoid the same fate -- as he scramble back to solid land , kristel 's shot arc up through the snow toward he , and the snow crumble around he -- but he belly ahead as -- on the snowdrift's top kristel 's gunshot slow , and finally , stop , the very last of they loosen the snow around -- the " shed " that be obscure by snow be a tall , three - sided park service sign shouting " warning -- snowdrift -- do not cross " in eight different language . the rest of the snow fall away from it , revealing a cautionary but cheesy illustration -- a stick - figure fatally sink into the snow . gabe belly ahead , flat on he stomach , testing the snow with the ice axe 's staff -- only when he hit something solid with it do he get back up to he foot . but the sound of ice-crusted snow crunching above gabe alert he that -- qualen have just hit the top of the slope and spot he -- qualen 's gun blaze down -- gabe be on the run , but it 's that lead - foote , slow motion stuff that only happen in nightmare -- with every step , a foot break through the icy crust and sink into two foot of snow -- gabe stay just ahead of the barrage , make it into a thick wooded area which be very temporary refuge -- qualen will be down in second . gabe look down the slope . running be impractical . so he sit down . qualen arrive where gabe be and look down the slope -- qualen be Pov - gabe be whizzing down the slope in a sit position , use he back and he shoe as glider , the ice axe as a rudder . alpinist call this a " sit glissade " . Colorado climber call it " butt ski " . some psychos do this for fun . gabe Pov - the slide be anything but fun -- gabe can not control he speed or direction well at all -- gabe barely manage to steer in and out of tree and boulder in he path -- qualen start run down the slope -- he do not have speed , but he do have the machine gun -- he fire short burst at -- gabe who try to steer away from the line of fire -- gabe be hit in the shoulder -- he slide out of control , and roll down -- -- to the slope 's bottom . gabe painfully lift himself up and move through the wood , come out of the tree to the lake the bridge that span it be ahead of gabe -- but there be nothing around but flat terrain . it 's a beautiful sight , but no good for hide . and qualen be right behind he . ext . mountain slope - hal rush down to delmer 's body -- in the snow , he find the discard machine gun and hold it up , but stray bullet from travers ' fusillade have make it inoperable . hal toss it aside and check delmer 's bloody pocket for more weapon . nothing . just a couple of machine gun clip , and the bolt gun . ext . mountain trail - maggie be wend she way down a hike trail on the opposite side of the mountain . in plain view , traver in helicopter be circle the mountain -- he spot maggie from on high and move down after she . maggie hear the helicopter , and turn around -- she have no way of know it be not Frank , so she take off she jacket and wave it as a signal -- maggie Frank ! down here ! the helicopter move down until maggie can see -- traver be at the control . maggie start run , but it 's useless . nowhere to hide . travers hover over she , firing ahead of she , firing behind she , not to kill , just to make a point . he 's in charge . ext . mountain trail maggie finally stop -- travers land the copter and open the passenger door , keep he gun train on she . traver hop in . I know someone who would like to see you again before he die . ext . bottom of the slope - qualen move down to the slope 's edge , note with pleasure the blood in the snow . gabe be wounded , and he 's leave a trail as a bonus . qualen move out lakeside -- nothing visible but the thick , flat ice chunks circle in the current . but gabe 's footprint and blood lead straight ahead to the bridge . qualen start to run across the bridge , but stare down -- qualen be Pov - the bridge's plank the blood -- and slush from gabe 's boot -- end halfway across . qualen smile and shake he head . too obvious . gabe be hide underneath the bridge , in the three foot deep network of steel support . qualen slow he pace , stare down through the thin , but visible crack between the plank . tight close - up - gabe face grimace , shiver , ashen from he wound and exertion -- line shadow on he face confirm he be under the bridge . qualen ( o.s. ) you have come a long way to die . qualen enjoy himself , slam a fresh clip into he machine gun . qualen if you be smart , you would have leave you friend behind . I would have . there 's no shame in stay alive . qualen stop , stare down . through the gap , gabe 's parka be visible . right where the blood trail end . qualen ( aim down ) but you be not smart . and now you be go to die from a overdose of heroism . qualen blaze the gun into the plank -- under the bridge - gabe be cling to the steel support of the small bridge , several foot ahead of where he empty parka be be shred by the fusillade -- without the parka , gabe be freezing , and too many bullet be come too close for comfort as they ricochet on the bridge 's support -- qualen stop fire and kick away the plank , which be a tangle of toothpick at this point -- qualen bend down -- -- and see there 's nothing in the parka except for gabe 's back . qualen 's face register anger and surprise as -- -- gabe appear at the edge of the hole -- before qualen can react , gabe swing up with he ice axe , hook it around the shoulder strap of qualen 's machine gun -- gabe yank down , and qualen fall head first under the bridge with gabe -- qualen catch himself by hook a arm and a leg on one of the steel support -- but both the ice axe and the gun fall , landing on separate chunks of ice float underneath the bridge -- in the support gabe pull himself through the girder to qualen and punch he with he good arm , but qualen be unfaze -- neither be in good position , it 's like a fistfight on a jungle gym -- -- qualen steady himself to savagely punch gabe in he shoulder wound -- gabe yell in pain and try to block the next one , but qualen punch he again , and gabe let go of the support , fall -- -- on the way down , gabe grab qualen 's leg with he good hand -- too low to grab the bridge , gabe dangle just over the water , raise he leg above it as qualen try to kick he off -- -- gabe hold onto qualen 's leg , and swing on it like a pendulum -- gabe twist the leg -- qualen lose he grip on the icy steel and let go -- both qualen and gabe fall -- they land hard , not in the water , but on a raft-size chunk of ice drive under the bridge by the current . they weight teeter- totter the ice as they get up -- they be in danger not just from each other , but from the fast approaching whirlpool where the ice chunks be draw into the fiercely swirl vortex that drain into the waterfall -- on the ice raft qualen and gabe circle each other like cautious boxer , as the ice itself swirl in the current -- if either make the wrong move , they will both go over . gabe swing at qualen , but qualen throw a leg under gabe and stiff - arm he down -- gabe hit the ice hard , he chest hang over the side -- qualen move in to shove he off -- but they combine weight on the same side of the ice start to tip it over -- gabe viciously kick qualen back , gash he face with he boot 's crampon as qualen grab the ice raft 's opposite side , levelling it . qualen ( wiping the gash ) stalemate , be not it ? gabe ( wind ) not any more . gabe , still prone , reach out -- the chunk of ice with qualen 's machine gun be float by . gabe snatch up the gun and pull the trigger . nothing but a empty click . qualen Far more intimidating when it 's load . the chunk of ice with gabe 's ice axe float by gabe -- gabe grab for it , but miss -- as the ice raft spin around , qualen manage to snatch it up -- qualen scythes it down at gabe , slamm the blade into the ice as gabe roll away -- wider view - the ice raft be near the center of the whirlpool -- the current be faster and stronger here -- if it do not swallow the ice raft , it will definitely upend it -- qualen and gabe stay on opposite side of the ice raft for balance -- qualen swing out at gabe with the axe . gabe duck and try to go low to hit qualen with the gun , but qualen swing the axe down again , whizzing right past gabe as it sink into -- the CENTER of the ice raft -- a crack spiderweb through the ice around the blade -- gabe quickly react , jump onto another bed-size chunk of ice float by , landing on he stomach and brake himself by digging he crampon in -- just as -- qualen realize what deep shit he 's in , look for another chunk of ice to make the same move -- to see one just out of reach . qualen pull the ice axe out of the raft 's center to drag the other chunk closer in -- -- as he do , the entire raft disintegrate under he -- qualen plunge into the water , and try to maintain a slippery grip on what ice be leave -- -- but now at the center of the whirlpool , qualen be draw into the vortex -- gabe struggle to he foot and look down , wince -- gabe Pov - qualen go down qualen 's inaudible scream be just a burst of rise bubbles as he shoot down to the bottom of the lake -- and beyond -- qualen be Pov - underwater qualen be shove with incredible force and speed through the lake 's tunnel drain -- on the mountain wall - the waterfall blast out full force , hurl a still thrashing qualen a half a mile to the ground below ! gabe have no time to celebrate -- the chunk of ice he 's on leave he moment from the same fate . one more time around , and it 's down the drain . gabe take a deep breath . no choice . he leap -- wider view - the ice - gabe leaping -- from one chunk of ice to the other , run the way you would across stone in a stream , zig - zag to catch the one big enough to support he -- only he crampon keep he from slide off , only he momentum keep he from capsize the ice chunks , which shoot away from he in he wake -- gabe land on a ice raft float towards the bridge . no choice -- gabe lunge off the ice raft and reach for one of the bridge support -- he hand catch -- but it 's slippery and he 's weaken -- gabe slide off , but -- a hand reach down and grab he -- hal pull gabe the rest of the way onto the bridge . gabe 's surprise give way to a grin almost as big as hal 's . hal ( eyeing gabe 's ruin shirt ) Nice outfit . ( hand he he parka ) I know you never like the orange , but -- gabe do not care for the smokey the bear hat , either . that 's why I quit . ( pull on parka ) you all right ? hal I feel better than you look . I can live with that . gabe look down at the parka -- it 's completely full of bullet hole . gabe hardly seem worth zipping , huh ? ( serious now ) Frank ? hal sober -- shake he head no . a cloud pass over gabe 's face . hal it 's not over , gabe . travers take the helicopter . inside helicopter - flying elsewhere over mountain maggie 's hand be cuffed to a bar on the helicopter 's roof . travers key he headset radio while piloting the copter . traver ( into radio ) qualen -- kristel -- come in -- hal and gabe on bridge gabe hear hal 's borrow headset radio crackle -- he hold he hand out to hal . gabe May I ? ( don it , key it ) they can not talk right now , travers . kristel 's busy make snow angel -- and I be not sure , but I think qualen be still fall . ( radio silence ) any message ? a moment 's silence -- then -- maggie ( o.s. ) ( over radio ) gabe ? gabe ( key it ) maggie -- inside copter - traver yank the radio off maggie and put it back on -- traver ( into radio ) you want to make a trade earlier , Walker -- still interested ? gabe ( o.s. ) ( pause ) I have get the money . fly to the lake . and if you touch she -- travers cut off the radio , smile , and bank the helicopter down around the mountain wall . gabe and hal on bridge hal now what ? gabe I have no fuck idea . ( hold qualen 's gun ) empty . hal ( smile ) not for long . hal fish into he pocket and pull out one of the ammo clip he take from delmer , gabe try to force it into the gun 's stock -- but it 's the wrong size . gabe ( sagging against rail ) why can not anything be easy ? the helicopter thunder around the mountain wall , get closer -- hal and gabe have cross the bridge , near the mountain edge -- gabe , now wear he pack again , nod over to the wood area . gabe stay over there -- hal look -- let I -- gabe -- what , throw snowballs at he ? just -- whatever happen -- get maggie out of here . hal ( relenting ) Count on it . ( beat ) and gabe ? thanks for tagging along . gabe ( smile ) thanks for ask . I forget how much I enjoy rescue work . gabe limp toward the mountain 's edge as hal run into the wood . the helicopter blast along the wall towards the lake -- the waterfall and the ladder be just ahead . the copter radio crackle -- wright ( o.s. ) ( from radio ) come in , Rocky Mountain rescue -- urgent -- come in -- travers recognize the voice -- frown , he snap off the radio and bank the helicopter up over the top -- traver in helicopter - traver Pov top the precipice , revealing gabe , stand on the end of a narrow spur -- it just out from the edge like a diving board . gabe have he pack on one arm -- the money be visible . gabe level qualen 's emptied gun on travers and the copter -- this bluff be all he have leave . gabe ( over radio ) remember that bet you make ? about whether I could find the money for you or not ? ( hold pack over drop ) you win . travers helplessly fly in low , tight circle over gabe and the spur -- if he shoot gabe , the money fall too , travers press he gun at maggie . traver ( into radio ) I will kill she -- gabe ( over radio ) you do , and the spring thaw 's go to be worth thirty million buck . ( pause ) no rush . I be sure you have get lot of time . traver ( into radio ) all right . Drop the gun first . gabe ( into radio ) when she 's safe on the ground . ext . spur / copter travers have no choice but to give in -- he give maggie the handcuff key , and she frees herself as he fly away from the spur , touch the copter down on the mountain top . traver ( to maggie ) get out . maggie move out the door and stare uncertainly at gabe . gabe ( shouting ) run ! ( she do not ) run ! maggie run for the tree . when gabe be sure she 's safe , he throw the gun away -- but keep the pack suspend over the edge . gabe ( into radio ) now come and get it . my arm 's get tired . ext . helicopter travers fly the copter up and over , until he and it be five foot away from gabe 's position on the spur . gabe be buffete by the copter 's wind , but stand firm . travers level he gun at gabe through the open passenger door as gabe heave the pack in . travers do not even look down -- he just stare at gabe with hate as he prepare to shoot . gabe ( shouting ) do not you want to count it ? puzzle , travers take he gun hand and rip open the pack the $ 5000s be there -- but they have be shred by qualen 's earlier blast of gunfire . few , if any , of the bill be passable . traver stare down , incredulous -- as he do -- gabe rip open a perforate section of parka and yank he bolt gun from he waist -- travers look up and raise he gun at gabe -- but gabe fire first -- the bolt imbed itself high in travers ' chest . gasp , travers drop he gun -- it fall over the pack and out the open door -- travers clutches at he chest -- gabe do not spend it all in one place , you son of a bitch . travers fall back in he seat and lose control of the helicopter -- it spin around , and gabe have to instantly flatten to avoid the tail when it swing at he -- gabe look down as -- the helicopter quickly begin to spiral down in wide , aimless circle -- travers have clearly lose control -- gabe stare down coldly , wait for the crash -- but -- inside the copter - traver will not give up -- sweat , bleed , he sit forward and grab the stick , seize control of the helicopter again -- gabe Pov - the helicopter stop its uncontrolled descent and begin to rise up and up -- with clear purpose -- close on gabe eye widen with realization . gabe get up from the spur and start run back towards the wood -- several hundred yard from safety -- before he can get very far -- the helicopter top the precipice edge and , sweeping low over the snow , it get between gabe and the tree , cut he off -- wooded area - hal and maggie watch , powerless -- hal he 's go to run gabe down -- traver in helicopter ashen , hyperventilate , he 's run on pure adrenalin and fury as he drive the stick forward -- traver Pov - gabe be stiff - legging it toward the edge of the mountain -- but he 's too bang up to run fast through the thick snow -- the helicopter with its skid skip just over the snow overtake -- gabe as he throw himself flat into the snow -- the front of the skid miss gabe by inch as it blast over he -- the helicopter move out over the precipice edge -- travers bank it wide to circle back around for another run -- gabe get back up as the helicopter swing back behind he -- in a wooded area hal rip the lining out of one of he pocket and stuff it into one of the ammo clip -- maggie stay back as he run for all he 's worth out into the clear -- the helicopter have circle back around , stop at a hover far back in the clear -- travers intend to not just run gabe over , but to run he off the edge as well -- gabe lumber as fast as he can towards the edge -- traver know he have gabe nail -- he shove the stick forward -- the helicopter fly forward , skid just inch over the snow -- hal run out to where travers be head -- he light the cloth in the ammo clip -- as the helicopter fly past in the clearing hal hurl the clip , with its cloth " fuse " burn down , into the doorless side of the copter -- inside the helicopter -- the makeshift bomb bounce to the floor of the cockpit -- travers see it and look down , but -- the " fuse " sputter out -- nothing but glow ember in the cloth -- traver smile -- nothing to worry about -- he speed ahead -- close on the helicopter's skid as they slice through the top of the snow towards -- gabe as he run toward the mountain 's edge -- it 's just a couple of foot ahead , but the copter be a couple of foot behind -- -- as the copter overtake gabe , dip even lower into the snow , he dive off the edge -- following gabe - falling gabe be at the ladder -- he fall the first twenty foot of the long drop , then grab a rung on the cable ladder , very painfully stop he fall -- but in the same split second -- the helicopter skid mean to impale gabe catch the top two rung of the cable ladder -- wide shot - the helicopter -- catch in the rung of the cable ladder , the helicopter keep fly out over the abyss , but as it pull the cable ladder , it pop out the bolt that hold the ladder in place , rung by rung -- -- still go full tilt , the copter strain against the ladder -- thirty foot of it tether the copter to the wall -- -- and gabe be dangle from the center of it . on the ladder - gabe have one arm hook around a rung , hang on for he life as the copter thrashes the ladder up and down -- inside the copter travers be disorient by the jolt , and try to maintain control -- he do not see -- -- that the cloth fuse on the ammo clip have reignite -- it burn down to the clip , and fifty round explode like a string of firecracker -- -- travers try to shield himself as he be strike by airborne lead . shrapnel blast into the instrument panel -- the helicopter still strain against the cable ladder but the engine go dead -- the rotor blade slow -- gabe on ladder gabe stare in horror at the stalling rotor -- if it be possible for he to grip the ladder tighter , he would do it now -- on the helicopter -- as the rotor whop to a dead halt the copter arc down and slam against the mountain wall -- the skid be still catch in the ladder , and it hold -- gabe be shake off by the massive impact -- he fall -- -- landing on the helicopter , half in and half out of the cockpit ! as gabe scramble for a solid hold -- int . helicopter -- travers , who have be shake to the opposite side of the copter , reach into he jacket and pull out the pistol he take from Frank -- he aim at gabe -- insert - the helicopter skid one of the two rung hold the copter up burst -- the helicopter slip , now hang from just a single rung -- -- and the impact of the slip make travers drop the gun -- it fall out the open passenger door . travers scramble up through the cabin to go after -- -- gabe , who be try to get off the helicopter and onto a solid part of the ladder before the whole thing go down -- gabe jump for the wall as travers scramble behind he and -- close on the helicopter skid -- as the last rung support the copter snap in two -- gabe grab hold of the ladder as the helicopter plummet down -- but as it start its fall -- traver leap from the fall copter and grab gabe 's leg -- gabe struggle to support both of they , but travers , weaken from he wound , lose he grip on gabe 's leg -- he stare up in terror at gabe as he clutches gabe 's snow - slick boot -- gabe cheer up . it 's a beautiful spot to die . travers slide off and away -- the fall - long shot travers scream as he free fall , trail behind the helicopter -- we follow the entire four thousand foot drop -- -- until the helicopter explode when it hit the ground far below , and the fireball engulf travers just before he impact into the explosion ! gabe look down at the burn wreck and cling to the ladder , close he eye for a moment in exhaustion . but the whopping of another helicopter make he look up -- the treasury helicopter have show up , a little too late to be of any help . inside the treasury copter wright , Davis and Stuart look at the billow flame of the wreck -- even from here , the burn money be visible , drift up in the smoke . wright turn to Stuart . wright I be no expert -- but what do you make of that " event " ? gabe be drain -- from somewhere , he find the strength to lift he head up -- gabe Pov - the wall the section of ladder above he , of course , be go -- he have to cover the fifty foot of wall above he by free climb . there be hold that look easy enough for he , but -- gabe lean back , grip the ladder , too tired to move . just the think of one more climb drain he . gabe ( mumble ) forget it . no fuck way . I be stay right here . I have spend the night on wall before -- some of the best night of my life have be spend lash to wall -- before gabe can take this any farther -- a loop tie to the end of a rope fall to a stop next to he . gabe look up -- on the edge - hal have throw the line down . maggie be by he side . hal remember -- keep you arm and leg in the vehicle at all time -- gabe put the loop around himself and tighten it by rote -- even this action aches . gabe ( too tired to shout ) fuck you -- hal and maggie draw gabe up -- gabe pull some of he weight by use hand and foot hold , but when he reach the precipice edge hal and maggie be both wind from the effort as they haul gabe onto the top . gabe unty himself , and collapse into maggie 's lap . hal ( wind , coiling the rope ) Jesus Christ -- you think you could have put a little less effort into that climb ? I mean , what have you do for I -- lately ? hal end he harrangue and look over -- gabe have apparently revive , because he and maggie be lock in the kiss of they life . hal stand , and smile -- he walk toward the treasury agent , who be scramble out of the helicopter . hal start a explanation that 's go to take a long , long time as -- gabe and maggie break off they kiss . maggie do this mean you be stay ? off gabe 's answer smile , we -- fade out .