#02160 cloak & dagger due to technical reason , GREEN revised page be be skipped and GREEN tint run instead . # 02160 cloak & dagger - script change please note the following name change throughout the script : lackland afb be now to be know as kelly afb opbst be now know as alvarez dio guardia be now know as fleming data point have now be change to textronics the schmeizer ( gun ) be now a uzi # 02160 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 cloak & dagger as esse fade in title sequence ext . european village ~ STREET - night on a heavily shadow street , two enemy Guards patrol a tactically important village block . Inside the most prominent building , a party be in progress , music wafting out into the street . the two Guards meet at a corner near the party 's entrance , one loaning a cigarette to the other . then they reverse they direction , walk apart , the second Guard disappear into the darkness of the night . titles begin . suddenly , Jack flack , everything a spy should be , swoops into view , riding a square american - flag parachute down from a nearby rooftop . Red , white , and blue cut through the darkness as he land directly on top of the first Guard . the parachute envelop they both . two body thrash within the silk . a moment later , flack step out , glance down the empty street . he wear a pair of tight pants and a beauti - fully cut brown leather jacket , mold perfectly to he broad shoulder , taper to a tight fit around he slender waist . . he push a hide button on he jacket , and , with a whoosh , the parachute repack itself instantly back into the jacket , show not even a lump . title '' continue . '' '' the second Guard turn around , head back toward the party building . Jack flack stroll nonchalantly up to the second Guard , who challenge he . second guard ( in Russian ) halt ! identify yourself . a moment of tension be follow by Jack flack suavely respond by pull out a silver cigarette case , get out a cigarette . jack flack ( in impeccable Russian ) do you have a light ? continued # 02160 2 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued the second Guard look suspicious , pump the action on he rifle . Jack flack blow a feather - tufte poison dart from he cigarette and into the neck of the second Guard , who instantly stumble and fall . title continue . a expensive period limo pull up . out of it step a villainous iranian ( with a uncanny resemblance to Khomeini ) , arm -in - arm with the lovely Lady gillingham , a voluptuous englishwoman . they be follow by a fat Soviet diplomat , who carry a thin black briefcase chain to he right arm . from the shadow , flack make he move : just as the black bag be pass he , he whip out a cord from he Jack flack spy watch , with the same action use to start a chainsaw . indeed , he be start a chainsaw , a miniature one . its tiny but effective blade run from he watch to he other hand . he instantly cut through the chain , grab the black bag , and the flexible see retract back into he watch . the iranian lunge at he with a scimitar . flack deftly kick the knife high into the night sky , then kung fu kick the iranian ! Lady gillingham draw a luger from a bra holsterette , fire at flack , who cleverly doff he official hat with the shiny bulletproof - steel inner liner . he hold the hat shield between himself and the bullet , cause it to ricochet off and plant itself right between Lady gillingham 's beautiful eye . the Russian diplomat pull one of that bowl ball - type bomb out of he pocket , its fuse already burn . he tess it at flack , whose spy drill kit present itself . he instantly drill three hole in the burn bomb , insert he finger into it , and , exhibit pro bowler prowess , bowl it at the diplomat and a group of soldier , who be run in pin formation to he aid . the bomb explode , send they fly . Jack flack know enemy reinforcement be on the way , so he duck around the corner , the prize black bag safe in he hand . title continue . omitted ext . alley - night - flack be halfway down the alley nonchalantly carry the black case when suddenly a huge steel gate seem to slam down from the sky , sealing off the alley ahead of he . continued # 02160 3 Rev. 9/26/83 continued 3 as Jack wheel and start back the way he come , the earth rumble beneath he foot . the source of the rumble become immediately clear , as two monstrous twenty - sided , brightly color geometric form come roll around the corner and directly at flack . frantically , the spy again reverse he direction , run for he life back toward the newly drop steel gate . credit end as flack seem destine to be crush by the frightening geometric boulder . but just then , in the nick of time , Jack flack be invisibly lift out of the scene . match dissolve to int . morris' game shop - back room - day 4 a lead figure of Jack flack be be lift out of a two - dimensional match for the location we have just see . there be bomb , foreign agent , a limo , the black case , even the steel gate . camera pull back to reveal davey osborne , eleven , do the lift . he be excited about the success of he roll of brightly color geometric dice . davey twenty -four ! Jack flack 's agility ( X ) be twenty - four -- he escape ! camera . continue back to reveal two other sit around the board game call " cloak and Dagger . " Kim gardener be nine . Morris coffey , thirty , be the pro - prietor of Morris 's game emporium . he be nearsight , over - weight and immature for he age . Kim be disappointed in davey 's success . kim ( X ) that 's not fair ! you shoulda be dead ! - davey , ( x ) ( smugly ) but I be not . Jack flack always escape ! kim ( X ) Dumb game ! continued # 02160 4 ( x ) Rev. 9/26/83 continued davey you have just gotta develop better move , Kim . you be gettin ' there . kim ( disgust ) I do not believe it . ( turn to Morris ) how can he do that , Morris ? I have ten time as many bullet as Jack flack . morris yeah , but flack have ingenuity and the contact . that 's better than bullet sometimes . ( get up and go to he desk ) do not feel bad , Kim . I have not be able to beat he all summer . davey give a cocky shrug . davey ( eagerly ) what happen next , Morris ? morris let 's leave it there for now . I will have to come up with something better to get you with . anyway , I gotta work on the game . davey look hopefully to Kim to help he convince Morris to keep play . kim do not look at I . I be sick of get kill . davey we could trade . I will give ya extra gas mask and a bulletproof vest . - kim no way ! you never get hurt . it 's no fun , davey look curiously around the shop , spy a new set of quality walkie-talky , pick one up , flick it on , get a squawk . continued ry #02160 4 - a continued - Zz davey Jack flack to Lady ace. come in , Lady Ace .... Kim be cbviously Lady Ace . davey show she how to turn on she walkie-talkie . Morris look up from he invoice . morris hey , you guy , be careful with that . I just get them in . davey ( talk to Morris via Kim 's work walkie- talkie ) Jack flack request new assignment . over . continued # 02160 5 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 4 Morris , always a easy mark , look to davey , then to Kim , who be just learn to talk on she instrument . kim ( on walkie- talkie ; clowning ) hel - lo , everybody ! she giggle with delight at the sound of she voice on the radio . Morris dig some cash out of he pants ' pocket . morris you guy want a real assignment ? kim and davey yes !! morris you two get bus pass ? davey yup . Kim hold hers up . the invoice on the top of Morris 's pile be from data Point Corporation , maker of electronic game . morris go over to , ah ... data Point and pick I up some o' that video game mailer . half -dozen . Morris hand the money to davey , who look a little disap - ( X ) point . davey ( X ) can not ya give we somethin’ better than than that ? something exciting , like cloak and Dagger , only real . morris ( think , invent ) okay . ( lean closer , whisper ) infiltrate they eighth level ... go to they vend machine . continued # 02160 6 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 3 4 morris ( cont would ) ( melodramatic pause , look around for possible witness ) . bring I back a pack of twinkies . there 's a secret message inside . ( even more mysteriously ) and do not let anybody see you . anybody . davey grab he backpack , throw it on . ( X ) davey you comin ' ? kim not if you be gonna be embarrassing . davey I will not . davey pull several item out of he backpack : a realistic walther ppk quirt gun , a bottle of monster blood , a softball , and a pocket knife . davey let 's see ... ( refer to each item above , in order ) - gun...ammo...grenade ...dagger .... he start load he squirt gun with the monster blood . kim now what be ya doin ' ? davey Jack flack say always keep you gun load . davey pick up the walkie-talkie again . davey ( to Morris ) can we try this out ? morris yeah , just do not break them . Kim and davey be delighted . they run out of the back room . ccut to # 02160 7 Rev. 8/3/83 ext . tower life buildbing - day 5 a bus stop in front / of a elegant old skyscraper . davey be the first one off} gun draw , radio in hand . he make a soldier - style run toard the building entrance , bird -dogging ( X ) first one passerby , then another , in a spy-like childish run , as though he usus each person as a shield from some imaginary sniper . m@anwhile , several other get off the bus , Kim among the ldst of they . she carry she radio , but do not share davey 's spirit of adventure . davey' voice ( on radi flack to lal yeah , what ? come on , ki kim Lady Ace to Jack flack. I ? all right . do you read davey loud and clear . ( X ) davey spot a woman hkbade for the Tower life Building . davey prepare to penetrate enemy stronghold . ( X ) follow I in . kim this be whdt I mean by embarrassing . but davey be go . ( X ) Kim sigh philosophifally , follow he in . ( % ) davey' voice ispere on radio ) act I until further notice . # 02160 taha Rev. 8/3/83 int . lobby - tower life build - day - davey 6 spot a security guard , pocket he toy gun , lower the ( X ) radio . davey notice that the directory list data Point on the eighth floor . watch out for the rove security guard , he carefully cross to the building entrance , where Kim be just enter . : continued # 02160 8 ( x ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued davey ( not look at Kim ) you proceed to floor eight for operation mailer . I will get the twinkies . nearby , a elevator 's up light illuminate , accompany by a ding . Kim head for it . davey ( grab she ) not so fast . ( refer to the security guard ) want that sentry to see you ? kim ( become exasperate , pull away ) I really do not care ! the elevator door close , and Kim give davey a dirty look . davey we will take separate route , just in case one of we be neutralize . ( scoping the place out ) I will take the fire stair . kim . good , ' cause . I 'm. not walkin ' up . two man in dark suit , opbst and haverman , stop beside they , also wait for a elevator . already threaten in appearance , we can see that davey 's imagination be run wild about they . but then it stop be fantasy , as haverman shove back he suit coat and hike he pants . davey be at eye level to the man 's waist and find himself stare at a load - 38 in a belt holster . his eye widen . davey try to get Kim 's attention to tell she about the gun . he can not . he try cough . she look oddly to davey , who be look even more oddly to she . kim ( embarrassing davey ) what 's the matter now ? cont inued # 02160 9 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 davey walk away , gesture for she to follow , just as another elevator ding its arrival . Kim hesitates , finally follow davey . opbst and haverman get on the elevator , have take no further notice of the kid . davey ( nodd at the close elevator door ) that guy have a gun . a real gun . kim ( really aggravate ) oh , davey , would you stop it ?! davey ( still stare at the door ) honest ! I see a gun . the door to another elevator open . passenger exit . kim ( refuse to miss one more elevator ) you be really be a jerk . she hurry to she elevator , just make it . davey follow she . davey ( hand Kim a softball out of he backpack ) here . take this grenade . kim ( hand it back ) thanks , anyway . davey , watch the door close Kim in , then turn he gaze to the fire door . cuT to int . FIRE stair - day several floor up , davey trudge up the fire stair , bounce the softball off the wall and catch it on the rebound , make explosion noise as it hit the wall . at every landing , there 's a large window give a view of the continued # 02160 10 ( x ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued mirrore - glass skyscraper across the way . davey stop play ball long enough to pull a red and white plastic walkie-talkie from he backpack . he punch the send button . davey Lady Ace , this be Jack flack . come in . int . lobby - data point office - eighth floor - day Kim emerge from the elevator and stand in front of the glass - off data Point reception area , answer on she walkie-talkie . kim yeah , davey , what be it ? davey' voice ( whisper over the walkie- talkie ) I be almost in position . give I you location . kim I be already up here . I be wait for you ! int . FIRE stair - day davey I be comin' . start create a diver - sion now . I will sneak out the fire door and grab the twinkies . kim' voice davey this be embarrassing ! davey maintain radio silence from now on . over and out . he click she off and begin to put he walkie-talkie into he backpack when suddenly it crackle to life with static and a strange adult voice , obviously desperate , rice's voice murdock have intercept it . do not let he leave the building ! continued # 02160 il Rev. 8/3/83 9 continued 9 another strange voice respond amidst more static . opbst' voice -+-moving...elevator...floor .... this be follow by a concise but indecipherable answer . and then silence . davey stare at the walkie-talkie for a moment , then press the talk button . davey hello ? hello ? but there be no response . davey keep he radio with he , continue he climb . davey ( on radio ) do you hear that , Kim ? 10 int . lobby - data point office - eighth floor - day 10 Kim stand before the receptionist , who hand she six videogame mailer . receptionist will there be anything else today ? kim uh , do you have a food machine here ? before the receptionist can answer , Kim 's radio crackle to life , davey 's Voice echoing over she shoulder . davey ( v.0 . ) come in , Lady Ace . Lady Ace , do you read I ? over . kim ( X ) ( embarrassed , to receptionist ) Excuse I . she walk aside , get she radio out , talk to davey . ( X ) kim ( x ) I think we be maintain radio silence . davey' voice ( X ) do you hear they ? kim ( X ) no! I be busy . stop bugging I . continued 10 11 #02160 11-a Rev. 8/3/83 continued 10 receptionist ( smile ) the vend machine be right around that corner . Kim nod she thanks and depart , mortify . int . FIRE stair - FOURTH floor landing - day 11 davey be still climb , now lowering the antenna on he radio , aware that he have be shut off by he partner . he look miff . from 0.s. come a strong , resonant male voice . flack ( 0.s. ) you friend cut off radio contact , do she ? davey stop , see Jack flack materialize out of thin air . he look real and man-size . he 's just as wind as davey , but he 's everything a spy should be , at least as a child would imagine it : tall and slender , wear a black turtle - neck and leather jacket with a bulge under the armpit where he walther ppk hang ready and wait . but it be he face that be most distinctive . chisele granite with two cold , pitiless eye . davey oh , hi , Jack . flack some people just do not know how to act on a secret mission . we be better off handle this one on we own . davey yeah , I guess so . davey follow Jack flack up the stair . both spy draw they walther ppks and proceed . ( xx ) flack ( X ) this remind I of my assignment down in maracaibo ... ( pause ) we be surround by horde of angry mercenary ... all I have on I be my switchblade and a ball of string ... what 's the matter ? flack notice that davey have lose interest in the story ( X ) momentarily . the boy be distract as he notice in the opposite mirrore building that Jack have no reflection . then Jack notice , try to make out what have davey 's interest outside . they continue climb . 12 #02160 11-8 Rev. 8/3/83 int . seventh floor landing - FIRE stair - day 12 davey turn the landing , start up the stair toward the eighth floor . we no longer see flack . davey freeze , stare up at the die man , murdoch . continued 12 #02160 12 Rev. 8/3/83 continued 12 murdoch see davey and stumble to a halt , reach out to support himself against the boy , cause davey 's backpack to spill much of its content : the lead Jack flack , he soft - ball , he bottle of monster blood , he radio , etc . murdoch stare at the frighten boy . he speak in a death rattle , he eye burn into davey . murdoch help I --- the boy can only stare at he in horror . murdoch grab he shoulder . he thrust a tape cartridge into davey 's hand . murdoch ( die ) here . whatever happen , do not let they get it . they have to be stop . davey glance down to find a donkey Kong game cartridge in he hand . before he can ask any question murdoch speak through a cough that fleck the side of he mouth with blood . murdock tell the FBI : one million two { X ) hundred thirty - seven . the steel fire door bang open on the floor above . murdoch glance up fearfully , then back at davey . murdoch mpush davey down the stair ) run ! suddenly two silent slug slam into the die man . they whip he around and catapult he back first ever the stair - way railing . as davey watch in horror , murdoch 's body fall seven flight down the stairwell , bounce off railing and wall to land with a sicken thud at the bottom , far below . davey look up to see where the shot come from . peer down at he from a railing on the floor above be haverman and opbst , the two man from the elevator . opbst have a luger with a silencer on it in he hand , still smoking . he aim at the boy , about to fire . davey grab he backpack and whatever spill item he can quickly salvage , miss the softball . he whirl and plunge down the stair , spoil opbst 's shot . the killer bound down the step after he . 13 #02160 13 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 int . lobby - tower life build - day 13 Kim stand wait impatiently by the directory . suddenly , davey burst through the fire door on the run . Kim reach out and try to grab he . kim davey , where be you go ? davey ( like he 's see a ghost ) they kill a man . now they be after I ! run ! kim ( stay put , cynical ) I get Morris 's twinkies . you wanna carry they ? davey run out into the middle of the lobby . davey help ! Police ! murder ! kim gawd , he 's finally flip . a building security Guard rush up to davey . guard what 's the problem , kid ? davey ( point to the fire door ) two man be try to kill I . guard ( look to the door ) what man ? davey turn to see a vacant fire door . - davey they just murder a man in there . Guard call over he shoulder to another security guard . guard Charlie , call the police , quick ! he and davey race toward the fire door , other adult from the lobby follow , draw by the commotion . Kim look on pityingly from afar . 14 #02160 14 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 int . bottom well of FIRE stair - day - the guard and davey 14 crash through the door . davey he 's right over here --- suddenly , the word die on he lip . the stairwell be completely empty , just dank concrete flooring with a small puddle in the middle and nothing else . davey slowly turn , look everywhere . davey ( stunne ) but I see he fall ... ( puzzle ) I even have to jump over he .... the Guard turn to he as curious adult crowd into the stairwell behind they . '' '' guard you wanna tell I what this be all about ? davey ( endure crowd stare ) well , this ... I dunno ... Nazis or something ... some kind of bad guy ... they shot this FBI guy . guard Nazis ? . ~ smile from the crowd . davey {angry } how should I know ?! maybe they be Russians ! but they shot he . ( tear welling up ) and he be bleed ... and he fall ... and I know he be dead . I be not kid you ! ( reach for the donkey Kong cartridge ) I can prove it . he have secret --- but as he look at the Guard , he see flack over the Guard 's shoulder . continued 14 #02160 15 ( xx ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued 14 flack do not trust he , davey . he 's not even a cop . the man say give it to the FBI . then flack be go . guard secret what ...? ( pause ) well ...? davey 's attention go up the stair as he hear the hollow sound of one man descend slowly . he look up to see a Mr. Rice come down the step . Rice be a trim , conservative - look gentleman in a pristine white lab coat and necktie . he wear a data Point id badge on he lapel . he look oddly peaceful . davey ( to the security Guard ) never mind . guard ( to Rice ) hi , Mr. rice. rice ( calmly ) hello , freddie . guard you do not see anybody go up the _ stair , do you sir ? rice not a soul . ( indicate davey ) except for this boy . hello . the sound of police siren pull up outside the building can be hear . the Guard take davey by the shoulder . guard I think we would better go talk to the police . he lead davey back out the door into the lobby . the crush of adult follow , all except Mr. Rice . when he be alone , he pull davey 's softball out of he roomy lab coat pocket and look at it . on the leather be write : David osborne . dissolve to 15 16 #02160 16 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 ext . ST . tropez comdominium complex - dusk 15 a complex of affordable , common - wall condo housing , it be neat and attractive , but modest . a squad car pull up . Lt. dioguardia , davey and Kim get out . dioguardia tousle Kim 's hair , and she run off toward she own condo . the cop walk davey to he . ext . davey' condominium = dusk 16 the Lieutenant ring the’ the door to open , neithe open and hal osborne gr doorbell . he and davey wait for of they look at the other . it ets they . his sleeve be roll up , and he look rather domestic with a dish towel in one hand . if the live actior| Jack flack be to have a twin brother who grow up to bela rather meek - look civil servant , this would be the guy . ( startle to davey ) where have you beeh ? I call all over the place . ( to the c worried ) what happen , of . T. dio guardia Mr. osborne ? get a nod . . it . dio guardia May we talk ? dad , I do not do davey ) you will get you fhance . let this gentleman do hide job . come on in . lt . dio guardia thanks just the ] same . ( refer to he car fradio ) I gotta keep be ear out for the squawk box . davey dig into he bac ack for Jack flack , want to hear the grow - up talk . continued # 02160 17 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 16 continued 16 hal ( to! davey ) go to you room . | | davey dad ...! i| wanna hear what he --- hal now ! davey jump , obey . | he take extra long go up the stair , but the adult wait he out . once he be go , dioguardia begin . lt . dio guardia Sir , you sbn cause quite a stir in the Tower life Building this morning when he repdrt a murder . hal aw , no .... lt . dio guardia we follow up he story , find absolutely not credence to it , then try to bri he home . ( politely ) but he refuse to divulge the where - about of what he alternately call ' home 's and ... well ...' headquarters . jesus. ( recover ) I be sorry . he|does that sometimes . 17 int . hallway ~ dusk 17 davey be eavesdropp . ( flack materialize beside he . jack flack we be nut . which @ . we convince you dad to help we , / or we go it alone . one thing for be : we can not let that FBI agent / down . they both thin give we a choi| davey right. on '' " 17 -+ a #02160 18 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 ext . back on the front step 17 - a dioguardia start down the j | lo. dio guardia Mr. osbornk , ah , we can not afford to keep follow up on this kind of story . we be a little shorthand --- hal it will not ippen again . I can promise you that . ( patse ) be there go to be any charge ? lt . dio guardia not this time , sir . but ah , we do think you ought to consider get he some help . hal help ? lt . dio guardia ( carefully ) psychological |. .? ( pause ) for a whole hotr , all he would tell we be he name , jank , and serial number . ( shaking | he head ) the tougher we get , the tougher he get . not that would ever get really tough on a kid . '' but if it have not be for : the little girl , we would never have get he Officer ? ( pause ) davey 's a good kid . | I know you must hear that a lot , but he be . he 's go through tough time right now . he just|lost he mother . we be still both ad lust . lo. pio guardia ( on the step ) I will say one thing be at war , I would wa year he . if we he on my side . continuet 17 - a 18 #02160 19 Rev. 8/3/83 continued 17 - a hal ( shaking hand ) thank you . lt . dio guardia you just have [ to convince he we be not at war . hal be only too familiay with davey 's problem . we can see it in the disgruntled lgok on he face . int . davey' room - night 138 it 's more a refuge than it be a bedroom . the wall be dot with fantasy poster , the shelf fill with model airplane , tank and fantasy role - play game like dungeon and dragon , Traveller , and blitzkrieg . the place of honor on the desk be take up by a atari and a tv . davey sit in front of a dresser mirror play with toy ( x ) soldier . after a moment , there be a soft knock on he door . davey do not respond . a moment later , the door creak open . davey 's father peer in . hal ready to talk ? davey sit up . hal join he on the bed . hal now ... tell I about the spy . ( X ) davey one of them be real big . like a giant . ( x ) the other one look kind of mexican or something . ( pause ) one of ‘em have a .38 . I see it up close . the other one have a luger . and they both have silencer . ( accusingly ) you do not believe I .... continued 18 #02160 20 ( X ) Rev. continued hal do not want to answer that one . hal do Kim see they ? davey shake he head , discourage . hal what about the body ...? do she see that ? davey know he credibility be shot with hal . davey ( hurt , want to retaliate ) I wish Mom be here . she would believe I . ~ this be load word , and they immediately 's sad hal . bal yeah ... she probably would . ntry to harden , for both they sake ) but she 's not . and she will not be . we have to accept that .... davey ( at he most - vulnerable , sobbing ) I miss mommy ! 7/22/83 18 often and he throw he arm around he father , who hold he tightly , rock he tenderly . bal ( in a whisper ) I miss she , too , davey . I bet she know that . I bet she can even see we right now . davey sniff . hal draw back , try phony cheer . hal I have a idea ... let 's talk to Doctor Sullivan tomorrow and tell he what you see today . we will see what he say . continued # 02160 21 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 18 continued - 2 18 davey close right up . davey Jack flack be right . you do think I be crazy . hal no , davey . not crazy . but you be under a lot of strain . anybody would be . that 's ... that 's why you sometimes ... talk to yourself . hunh ? davey I do not talk to myself ! I talk to Jack . bal ( refer to game in room ) well , Jack flack and this ridicu - lous game be not make it any easier for you to get a grasp on everything . hal start pick up some of davey 's more fanciful game , as though he intend to take they away . davey no ! davey dig into he backpack . davey ( make a dare ) you want to see something ? you wanna see proof ? I will show you what the FBI man give I ! davey pull out the donkey Kong game cartridge , wave it to he father , go to he atari , turn it on , turn on the tv set , stick in the cartridge . davey " donkey Kong , ' right ? with a flourish , he push the play button . both hal and davey await a dramatic revelation . davey go into the game , the electronic little boy on the screen try to climb the cliff while donkey Kong hold the damsel in distress above he and roll boulder down at the boy . as the singsong game music Plays , davey shoot glance at he father , while try to play the game and discover its secret . continued 18 #02160 22 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued - 3 18 " game over " flash on the screen , and hal walk to the door with a armful of game . : davey wait , dad ! let I try again . hal , sad and impatient , walk to the tv , use the pile of game to push its off button . hal I have get work to do . no more video game tonight . davey but .... hal dammit , davey ! I say no and I mean no . now get ready for bed . sadly , hal start to exit the room . davey ( mumble in utter frustration , seethe ) I hate you ! hal stop , hurt in he eye . he put the game down on davey 's bed , take a deep breath , see davey red-face and in .emotional knot . sse . hal ( tenderly ) I know you do not mean that , davey . davey ( poutily ) you do not care about I . you never believe I . never ! ever ! hal ( move closer ) davey ... I know how you feel .... davey ( move away ) no , you do not ! continued i8 #02160 23 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 4 18 hal there 's a lot of I in you , davey . more than I like to see . when I be you age , I look at thing the way you do . ( mock pride ) that 's why I join the Air Force . so it could fly plane ! wear a uniform ! be somebody ! I want to be a hero . davey look puzzle . davey ( soften ) but you be a hero in the war , dad . hal ( arm around davey ) no , I be not , davey . I just do my job . hal y'know , . when you grow up ... you change . ( X % ) Lord know it take I long enough to grow up , and settle down ... and have you . one of the first thing I find different be ... real heroes do not shoot bad guy . Real heroes put supper on the table . they fix you bike . every - day stuff . bore stuff . the stuff nobody else want to do , but everybody have to do . now , I be put this game away . I do not want you play with they anymore . davey dad , if you would just play one with I sometime .... hal good night , davey . ( X ) hal get up , pick up the pile of game , walk out of the room . Jack flack be suddenly there , sympathize with davey . jack flack he 's kinda dumb for a Air Force officer , be not he ? davey shut up . continued 18 19 #02160 24 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued - 5 18 davey angrily hurl he toy Jack flack across the room , the flesh - and -blood version have vanish . jack flack ( v.0 . ) ouch ! suddenly , the phone in the hallway ring . hal 's voice echoe out of he bedroom . . hal ( 0.s. ) get that , will you , davey ? int . hallway - night 19 davey pick up the phone . through the open doorway into he father 's room , he can see hal pack the game he take into a chest of drawer . davey ( into phone ) hello ? rice's voice ( almost friendly ) be this David G. osborne ? davey do not recognize the voice . davey yes . davey just stand there , frighten . davey dad ! hal glance up as he close the drawer on the role - play game , think he 's do with they forever . hal what ? davey it 's the spy . the one who kill that man ! hal stride quickly down the hall , take the phone from davey 's hand . disbelief be evident in he eye . hal ( into phone ) hel --- continued 19 #02160 25 {x ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued 19 there be evidently no one there . all he hear be a dial tone . hal do you hang up on someone ? davey ( hurt , outrage ) no ! they hang up on I ! hal what do they say ? davey nothing . they just ask who I be . ( frighten ) they know my name , dad . hal davey ... it be probably just a wrong number . now , let 's get you into bed ! hal take he in he arm and hold the boy as close as he can , croon soothingly in he ear . hal davey , davey . it 's all right . there 's no reason to be upset --- davey start to cry , try to crawl even closer into he dad 's arm . davey ( through he tear ) but , dad , it be they . I know it be --- hal ( soften ) you be just tired . it 's way past you bedtime . he take a step toward davey 's bedroom . the boy cling to he father 's neck even tighter . davey can I sleep in you bed tonight ? hal ( knowingly ) okay . if it make you feel better . 20 21 22 23 and 24 #02160 26 ( x ) Rev. 7/22/83 int . hal be bedroom - night 20 hal lay davey gently in bed , stare down at he son . davey ( yawn ) that guy will not dare come in with you here . davey be close to sleep as hal watch . he pull the cover over he and gaze down at he son . davey 's eyelid flutter close . hal kiss he gently on the cheek and walk to the light , snap it off as he leave the room , plung it into darkness . ext . davey' condo - STREET - night 21 two car sit in the street opposite davey 's condo , a shiny black van and a pearl white cadillac , Inside the cadillac , Rice can be see replace a car phone . he get out and walk back to the van . opbst sit behind the wheel , haverman next to he peer through a pair of binocular . Rice stop opposite opbst , nod at the condo . rice he 's in there . haverman ( lowering binocular ) so 's he old man . opbst now what do we do ? rice we wait . he and opbst continue to stare at the condo . haverman resume he surveillance with the binocular . : dissolve to ext . davey' house - pay 22 early morning sunshine bathes the neighborhood . it 's another bright summer day . 23 and 24 omitted 25 #02160 27 Rev. 9/1/83 ext . condo - day davey burst out the front door , stop he father just as he 's about to climb into he old mustang . hal osborne be dress in a Air Force master sergeant 's uniform , obviously on he way to report for duty . he stop and turn back as he son rush up to he . davey ( 0.s . ) dad ! dad ! hal what be it , davey ? davey do not leave ! hal davey , I have to go to work . I do not have any choice . davey they be just wait for you to leave so they can get I . hal look around the neighborhood . no sign of stranger . absolutely nothing look amiss . hal ( patiently ) listen to I . I call Doctor Sullivan this morning . I make we a appointment for tomorrow , okay ? Jack flack materialize for davey , unseen by hal . flack just humor he . this turkey 's not gonna help we . we be on we own . hal ( continue ) I have to work a double shift today because of that big inspection I tell you about , but I will be off tomorrow , so we will both go , and you can tell he everything you tell I about the spy . davey can not I go with you ? as hal talk , Jack flack cruelly mimick he . davey almost laugh at the sight . continued 25 ( X ) ( X ) ( X ) ( k ) 25 26 27 #02160 28 Rev. 9/1/83 continued 25 hal davey , you be a big boy , now . I ( X ) think you be old enough to stay at home without make a fuss . Jack flack give hal the finger . davey hide a smirk , look at hal , and slowly nod he head . ( xx ) hal good . maybe next week we can get ( X ) you into that baseball camp , hunh ? you would like that , would not you ? ( climb into car , not wait for a answer ) I take some taco out of the freezer for you . ( start car , put it in gear ) if you need I , call I at the base . davey nod , not want he to leave , but out of way to keep he there . hal slowly back the car out of the drive , and into the street , disappear quickly around a corner . int . live room - day 26 davey stop just inside the front door , listen to the everyday sound which have take on a newly terrifying quality . a drip faucet , the tick hall clock , the refrigerator motor , especially pass car . now that he father be go and he 's alone , there 's suddenly even something spooky about the silence . it make davey nervous . he head for the hall . int . davey' bedroom ~ day 27 he pull he walkie-talkie from he backpack , turn it on , and press the talk button . davey Lady Ace , Lady Ace , come in --- as he wait for a reply , he eye fall on the donkey Kong game cartridge . disgust by the memory it evoke , he toss it in he backpack . CUT to 28 #02160 28-a Rev. 9/1/83 int . kim be house - kitchen - day 28 Kim life in the same neighborhood as davey do . she sit at the table , eat she breakfast cereal while she mother , Marilyn gardener , do the dish at the sink . Marilyn be a attractive , friendly woman in she midthirty . the walkie-talkie nearby suddenly come to life , blaring davey 's Voice into the room . continued 28 #02160 29 ( x ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued davey' voice Kim , be you there ? Kim punch the talk button while she mother watch and listen . kim yeah , what ? davey' voice ( needily ) I get a assignment for ya . kim I do not want any more of you stupid assignment . Marilyn be relieved to hear that . davey' voice come on , Kim . I be really in trouble ! kim good ! ya get I in trouble yesterday . ( pause , relenting ) now what ? davey' voice remember that spy from yesterday ? kim {not at all convinced ) you mean the killer ? Marilyn and Kim exchange amused , pity look . davey' voice right ! they be try to kill I now . they want the donkey Kong thing back . I need you to get on you bike and --- kim ( interrupt ) what donkey Kong thing ? davey' voice I can not tell you now . it 's top secret . continued 28 #02160 30 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued - 2 238 Marilyn have hear enough of this nonsense . she cut in on Kim 's attempt to respond . marilyn ( softly , to Kim ) tell he you be have you breakfast and you will call he back later . kim my mom say I have to go now . davey' voice wait ! kim I be eat breakfast . I will call you back later . davey' voice but --- Kim click off she radio . Marilyn join she at the table , seem sympathetic . marilyn be he always like that ? kim ( mouth full ) usually . ... marilyn do not that drive you crazy ? kim ( after a swallow ) Nah . he 's the only boy in school who be not boring . Marilyn look pleased , recognize something of herself in Kim 's pronouncement . marilyn do I teach you that ? Kim shrug and continue eat . marilyn what 's he father like ? continued 28 29 #02160 31 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued - 3 28 kim forget it . he 's not you type . marilyn ( laugh ) wait a minute , young lady ...! how do you know who be and who be not my type ?! kim he 's in the Army or somethin’ . marilyn ( realize Kim be right ) oh. Kim dive back into she bowl of cereal . Marilyn continue with the dish . CUT back to int . house - davey' bedroom - day 29 he keep push the spekk button and talk into he walkie-talkie . davey hello , Kim , ki -- ? he finally give up and loose it back into he backpack , slip it over he shollder . davey ( to himself ) I be get out of here --- int . entrance hall and live room - day 30 as davey come down the| stair , he suddenly hear a car pull up outside he condo . he hasten down the stair , peek out the open frent door . the black van , huge and ominous even on this sugny day , squat directly in front of he house . davey slam / the front door , lock it , back away across the room , stare at the door fearfully . suddenly , a softball come smash through the windew a '' roll to a stop at he foot . he stare in horror at he name on the ball , then whirl and dash for the back door . 31 32 33 34 35 #02160 32 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 int . kitchen - day 31 davey tear across the kitchen , head for the back door . he suddenly skid to a halt as haverman fill it with he huge frame . the man kick in the glass door , lunge at davey , crash through the kitchen table . davey whirl and run towards the live room . int . entrance hall and lyving room - day 32 as he pass he see opb have just smashed with th front door , but opbst a window . davey reach throw it open , ready to frame . he make a grab t climb through the window he softball . davey try for the icipate he , retreat from the e front door , unlock it , and dive outside . opbst fill the jor the boy , and davey duck it , retreate back up the hall stair as haverman lunge for he from the kitchen , er hing the coffee table beneath he bulk and send a lamp smash to the floor . davey race up the hall stair , the two man scramble after he . int . davey' room 33 he slam the door behin out of frame . camera hi through it , barely slowi he , punch the lock , and run lose on door as opbst crash no , tear it off its hinge . haverman follow he in|to find opbst stare out a open window . there be no siqn of davey . the two heavies look at each other , foil adain . curt to int . windsor park mall - lower concourse - day 34 davey hurry down the concourse toward Morris 's game shop . int . morris' game shop = day 35 davey rush in just as Morris finish ringing up a sale . the customer leave as davey approach Morris . davey Morris ! morris ( head for back room ) where be my twinkies ? continued 35 36 #02160 33 ( X ) Rev. 9/3/83 continued 35 davey Morris , guess what ...! morris ( guess ) ah , you make it to the seventeenth level of cloak and Dagger ...? davey no . take a look at this . but Morris be preoccupy . davey have to follow he into the back room to keep the conversation go . int . back room - day 36 Morris sit down at he computer , half - listen to davey as he gear up for he millionth attempt to program a new video game of he own . davey stand by he shoulder , hardly able to contain he excitement . davey Morris , I get a very important tape here . morris ( preoccupy ) oh , yeah ? davey yeah , it 's get a secret code on it meee be nen ane paar not no be ab bad ey wdeb male R bc cae the not pret preeti : ap to Morris be involved with he computer and hardly listen , he finger fly across the keyboard , all sort of numerical gibberish come and go on he monitor . davey very quickly realize that he 's be neglect . davey Morris , be you listen to I ? morris . { not really ) yeah , sure . ( still work ) I want either the twinkies or the money back . davey take the tape and slam it down so hard that Morris jump . continued # 02160 34 ( X ) Rev. 9/3/83 on 36 continued 36 Morris stare at davey for a moment , a bit take aback by the desperation in he young friend 's voice . he pick up the tape and look at it . morris what 's this ? davey you tell I . morris look like a cloak and Dagger tape . davey ( get impatient ) but it 's not . ( point to a anomaly in the package ) look. morris ( curious ) on hmmm . where would you get this ? davey a guy . ( pause ) I can not tell you any more than that . dich rr tete gente age far kag ein ee mar lee tae amma slrgy eee ee na ape eerie <r tee top secret , eh ? davey nod . morris so ... what do you want I to do ? davey I do not know , Morris . you be the genius around here . tell I what it be . Morris can not resist the challenge to live up to davey 's expectation . morris all right , all right .... he unscrew the back and peer into the gut of the cartridge . continued 36 eo ony a au hs ap a gt mele spy all thon 0 #02160 35 ( X ) Rev. 9/3/83 continued - 2 36 morris well , this microchip do not belong here . davey what ? morris ( point to a microchip ) this . whoever put this in know what he be do . ( with admiration ) look at that connection ...! ( think ) 4 it could be use to store + information ... t ( scrutinize ; mumble ) ..-dnput...output .... davey ( get excited ) what kind of information ? secret government plan , maybe ? morris ( not recognize the significance of davey 's question ) anything , really . somebody go to a lot of trouble , though inten : ape ep mee , 05 davey think you can figure it out ? break the code ? inate ticpne , oc . '' renita spare : lien il morris the question be how to get to it .... he snap the back on and slip the cartridge into the atari . he push the start button , and the game come on . same musical theme , same spy , same game . Morris absently start to play the game . he be a absolute master , hardly look at the screen as he put the spy through he pace , jelly blast he way to higher and higher level . davey the guy who give it to I say something about a number . morris what number ? continued # 02160 36 Rev. 9/3/83 ~~ 36 continued - 3 36 davey ( try to remember ) one million seven hundred and ( X ) something , I think . morris ( play , think ) hmmm , could be some kinda number ( x ) code .... ( look to davey ) anything else ? davey ( shrugging ) I do not think so . Morris be hardly listen , play the game , already obsessed with this new challenge and on the point of forget davey 's even there . davey just watch Morris for a while , this interrupt by ~~ Kim 's voice on the walkie-talkie . kim' voice ( sounding meek ) davey ...? be you alone ? morris a ae citi es re i oe ra alana as bi pias > maeiciiobenn , H. veballtiiererel turnip tense atte to screen ) that remind I . I want that walkie-talky back . continued 36 37 #02160 37 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued - 4 36 davey ( on radio ) just a minute . davey leave Morris to he donkey Kong conquest , duck into the front of the store . int . shop - day 37 davey push the talk button on he walkie-talkie . davey flack to Lady Ace . come in , Lady Ace . kim' voice {on radio ; miserable ) I be here . davey where be you ? kim' voice you house . davey ( alarmed ) Kim , no ! get out of there ! that guy be there ! the spy ! sine a tte net rem ss votor > bee can ae note ( cry ) I know .... suddenly , the walkie-talkie go silent in he hand . de stand there , desperately yell into the mouthpiece . davey Kim , Kim , answer I ! int . davey' house - day = intercut with davey at mall 37 - a haverman hold Kim roughly , he big hand around she tiny mouth . she struggle just to breath , whimper in fear . opbst push the button on she walkie-talkie . Rice be now there , sit comfortably on the couch , amidst the shamble of the live room . continued on 37 - a 37 - B #02160 38 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued opbst ( on walkie - talkie ) seem we each have something the other want , do not we , kid ? davey ( slowly ) yes .... opbst signal to haverman , who cause Kim to ery out a bit louder , just for davey 's benefit . opbst we might consider a trade . how 's that sound ? davey just leave she alone . she do not know anything . opbst she do now . do you know the japanese sunken garden ? davey yes . opbst good . we will meet you there at noon . if you tell anybody about this , we will break you little friend in half . »- the - walkie- talkie suddenly : erupt : with kiit 's pain=fillec scream as opbst thrust it to she mouth while haverman release he hand from over she mouth . davey stare at it in horror . davey wait ! Kim ?! let I talk to Kim ! but by now , the villain have turn off the radio . speak softly to opbst , as Kim be drag out of the house . rice ( refer to radio ) give I that thing . I have a idea . int . morris' game shop - day . davey stand alone in the shop , tremble with fear . flack materialize . continued Rice Jack 37 - a 37-3 38 #02160 39 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued flack you can not give it to they . that will not save Kim . then they ' 11 just kill you both . you know too much . davey I have to give they something .... flack meander over to the video game case , hint to davey with a raise of the eyebrow . davey walk over , stealthily slide a donkey Kong game out of the case , and beat a hasty retreat out of the shop , crawl under Morris 's electric eye as he leave . he get a few strange look from passersby . cur to ext . japanese sunken G : ens - day davey fish the new donkey Kong tape out of he pocket and continue along a path beside a lovely sylvan lake at the bottom of a steep gorge . | he suddenly see Rice ahead . Rice spot he at the same time , start toward hin . davey hold he hand up , palm stop right the tid . '' gimme the tape . davey definatly hold the donkey Kong tape out over the water , ready to drop it i Rice take another step . davey and you will be use tit . come any closer scuba gear to Rice skid to a halt , hi the rim of the canyon , D haverman stand there , ki eye narrowing . he glance up at vey follow he gaze . opbst and between they . at a nod from Rice , they beyond the precipice , be Rice turn he gaze back walk she out to the edge , hold she dy to let she drop to she death . to davey . davey retract the tape . Rice nod at the two man on the canyon rim , and they pul Kim back in from over the edge . continued 37 - B 38 # 02160 40 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 38 rice now ... be we go to trade , or be we go tbh drop thing ? davey why do you|want it so bad ? it 's just a kid 's game . rice let 's just bay I be a kid at heart . davey then why doh't you buy you own . they be not|that expensive . rice . look , kid . | do not. outsmart yourself . I have friend I play with , too . and if I do not bring it to they by 5:30 , you little friend 's life be not gonna be worth shit . he shut up as a young} couple , very much in love , stroll by . he and davey stan eyeing each other silently until they pass . rice just put the tape 1 let she go . flack do not be a subker . davey you let Kim go first . then I will give you the tape . Rice measure davey 's rqasolve for a moment , with he eye . rice okay . anythi you say . he pull a walkie- talkie ] from he belt case and speak into it . rice let she go . High on the rim of the c nyon , opbst release Kim , watch : she scamper down the stone step to the gorge below as ° put he walkie-talkie ay . she have she backpack wi - she . Rice turn back t davey . continu '' 38 #02150 40 -a Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 38 rice okay . yqur turn . davey drop the tape at he foot and begin to back away . as Rice start to pick up the tape , flack get nervous . continued 38 #02160 41 2 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 2 continued - xl 38 flack do not trust} he . Rice pick up the tape , then suddenly lunge for davey , reach out to grab the boy whip out he |realistic walther ppk squirt gun . davey freeze , turkey ! Rice skid to a halt , stare in surprise . davey keep glance over he shoulder , watch Kim run down the step toward the path behind he . opbst and haverman be move after she now . Rice try to get a bet he eye from the sun , off the barrel . davey where Kim will meet he pistol on Rice . er look at davey 's gun , shield ut all he get be sunlight glint jack away from he , down the path in a few moment . he keep the davey take my advice do not follow we . ( nodd at the water pistol ) otherwise I 'liljhave to use this . Rice get a better view sunlight . bbs eee £ the gun as it pass out of the you be fulla 's he dive for davey , only opaque red monster blood surprise , he stop , dig run toward Kim , who have gorge . she watch he a '' be squirt in the face with rom the water pistol . yelping in t he eye . davey whirl and just reach the bottom of the proach . kim Boy , be I glad to see you ! davey c'mon ! he grab she hand on the behind they , come fast the rim , be opbst and ha draw . lun , jerk she after he . jown the same path she take from lerman . they have they gun continued 38 39 40 #02160 42 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 b continued - # 38 the kid race through a lbwer exit from the gorge before the two killer reach the\|bottom . the villain run to Rice , whose face appear lloody from the shot in the face . he be just now snap the back off the donkey Kong cartridge . we see a stickbr on it : Morris 's game shop . ice it 's the wrong tape ! he pocket the tape , brea 's into a dash after the kid . opbst and haverman run after he , all three in Pursuit of davey and Kim . ext . entrance to sunken / garden - day 39 davey and Kim tear down the step , head for a public bus , the killer runnifg after they . the kid leap aboard just as the bus door flose . the three killer skid to a halt , watch the bug pull away . Rice push he companion toward they van , meanwhile digging the phony donkey Kong tape out df he pocket . Quick , afte his thug obey , while the label , which say : mall , San Antonio . ie inspect the new tape . he read Morris 's game shop , Windsor Park rice ~ , I be , gonna , ch kk something out . ene ln ae as the van screech away , Rice head for he cadillac . int . bus = day 40 davey and Kim flash theif bus pass at the Driver and take seat in the back . the bus head toward downtown San Antonio . a few passenger be scattered about . kim thanks ; davey . davey what for ? kim you save my life . continued # 02160 43 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 continued 40 this be the nicest word davey have ever hear . he do not know what t¢ say , simply blushes and give Kim a self - conscious smil what be anyway ? I come ove ou do in my house , think you be not kim not you be dumb ... because of alll that murder stuff . ( sniffp ) I never think it could be real . davey I , neither . kim ( voice crack ) I be really sorty , davey . . davey , give .. Kim 's - hand alplatonic , tender pat ... 06..0 - ces eee davey that 's okay , Kim . it 's gonna be all right . davey glance out the ba window . he see the black van draw up behind the bus| with incredible speed . the fear in he face be communicate to Kim , and she turn , too . in the black van , the villain be clearly visible now , opbst behind the wheel , hkhverman screwing a silencer onto he pistol . kim ( scared continued 40 #02160 44 | ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 i 40 i Kim and davey duck down below the seat back . davey gesture that they should move up a row . he lead the way . once they be newly situate , he turn to Kim . '' '' davey we gottd get outa here ! ( uthink ) I be go to have to draw they off . you get i can and tell he what 's happen . tell he \to get that tape to the FBI right awaly . he start toward thé Driver . Kim grab he arm . kim kill you if they catch no , they will not . not as long as they he run down the aisle skid to a halt next to the bus Driver . davey pardon I , milster , but I need to get off here . driver ( hardly glance at he ) sorry , junior . | no unschedule stop . that 's | the law . Kim peer out the back with ndow . the van be get closer . but , sir , it 's jan emergency ! you have get to let I for --- driver I tell you . nd unschedule stop . we be three black from the bus station . then [ everybody get off . cont ? '' 40 41 42 through 45 46 47 #02160 / 45 | ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 3 | 40 ! davey ( get a idga ) but I feel sick --- the Driver look at hi / suddenly concerned . driver what ? davey yeah . like I " m go to throw up --- he suddenly gag and heave in the direction of the Driver 's lap . the man slam the brake on . ext . STREET - bus - black van - day 4.1 the bus jerk to a stop right in the middle of downtown San Antonio . the black van skreech to a halt behing they , almost rear end the bu the bus door snap open and davey jump out , tear across the lawn of the hertzberg Circus Museum . opbst leap out of the van and race after he . 42 omitted through 45 int . bus - day 46 Kim race from the side window of the bus where she have just watch the black van roaring away , catch a glimpse of davey as he dive down he step to the river walk , opbst a hair 's breath behihd he . _ { kim run , davey , run j [ - -- the bus pull away , carry she deeper into downtown . ext . stairway to the rivhr walk - day a7 davey run down the broad stone staircase to the paseo Del Rio , pause at a turn h : ifway down the desert stair and glance back . opbst appear at the topjof the stair , whip out he lue in one fluid motion and fire twice , the silencer deade the sound . the stone wall beside davey 's head sudden '' two deep pockmark in i '' as the bullet ricochet be narrowly miss he head . conti * 47 #02160 46 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 47 flack suddenly materiglize . flack of course , he 's try to kill you . that 's he jdb . ( sudde realization ) davey ! they must know where the tape be ! davey stare at the pockmark in horror , then run . opbst pound after davey withobt see the invisible flack . 43 49 #02160 47 / through 49 Rev. 8/3/83 ext . paseo del rio river walk - day 48 opbst hit the river wall behind davey , slip he gun into he shoulder holstek as he run after he , pick up startle glance from t passersby , none of whom be actually sure they see the gun , none of whom be go to make a fuss about it evén if they be . cuT to int . morris' game shop - back room ~ day 49 Morris sit before the tv screen , still play donkey Kong , the repetitious music singsong along with he every move on the joy stick . he now have this incredible score on the game , something like one million one hundred ( X ) twenty -eight . the electric eye in the front of the store ding as a customer enter . Morris 's eye never leave the screen . he continue play . morris be right with you .... he hit one million seven hundred thirty - seven and the ( X ) game go wild as on the screen he little man reach the top of the cliff and throw donkey Kong off the ledge and save the girl . " you have win ! you have win ! " flash across the monitor . then suddenly the game stop . donkey Kong be sweep away and replace by a new grid , blueprint for a new american jet prototype , the stealth bomber , which be undetectable by radar . page after page of its innermost secret flash across the screen . continued 49 50 50 - a _ # 02160 50 Rev. 7/29/83 continued 49 the curtain behind Morris be sweep open and Rice 's face appear reflect in the tv screen . Morris turn to he . morris I say I would be right there -~ '' he see Rice . ( X ) morris what can I do for you ? ( X ) camera dolly in on Morris as he smile fade . in the ( X ) reflection on the tv monitor behind Morris , Rice can be see draw a luger with a silencer on it . CUT back to ext . paseo del rio river walk ~- day 50 the walk be pack with color shirt , loose th : beer belly hang over take picture and sitt : look the river , sucki pass parade . jurist , strolling along in bright - in stuff into short - short , lontgomery Ward slack , people mge in the sidewalk cafe over - ig on margarita and watch the the increasingly despera through this circus alon over he shoulder at opb fall back as he get to smaller and more agile , hand -hold couple and matter what he do , opb € small boy thread he way the walk , constantly glance t . the killer draw closer , then gle in the crowd . davey , be ses he size to dash between around strolling tourist , but no seem to be gain on he . ext . outdoor cafe - day 50 - a davey see a outdoor can ahead and dive for it , try ( X ) to lose himself among theucrowde table and scurrying waiter , almost bowl ore of they over.on he headlong dash for safety . he see opbst draw abreast|of the cafe and fall to he knee , scurrying toward thdy back by crawl under table and between the leg of sc lambling waiter . he finally come to a halt / beneath a table occupy by a ( X % ) athletic-look couple in / they thirty . they be dress for tennis , and they be share a banana split . continued 50 - a #02160 continued in the middle of a huge , cream , sauce , nut , under the table disturb the woman . a frighten davey , look her husband look laugh . Howard , ice cream 's 51 ( x ) Rev. 7/29/83 cheek -fill bite of whipped woman for| something ? do now , davey ( whisper ) someone 's try to kill I . don 's ( to Da would you ple husband ing along ) no cherry vanilla ice cream , something she peer down to see be eye plead for silence . issue a slightly surprised kill they first ? woman encourage he . lting . you davey nervously look out to see opbst work he way look for he . among the table , ( to the husband ) I need to reach ; the’ FBI . help I . davey the husband pick up he salt shaker , give I a direct this be Hoover . Hoover 's dead , h oh , my now we be all go : ( too loud get '' attention sorry , ( into God . kid . shal line to J. they have get rs ! st 's can} /t help ya . please talk into it . Edgar a emergency . Hoover . continu '' 50 - a #02160 s1-a : ( x ) Rev. 7/29/83 so-a continued - 2 so-a opbst spot davey , whotbolt out from under the table , hop a low fence , and run down the riverwalk . the tennis couple just watch in amusement , lap up more ice cream . cuUT to 50 -b another part of the riverwalk ~- day 50 - B farther down the rie break into a headl he in a clot of to rwalk , davey hit a open spot and g dash , leave opbst catch behind ist . the boy grab the f. complete with a hug tug on he shirt d st adult he see , a middle - age Texan silver belt buckle and stetson . davey sperately . mister , p texan what 's the trouble , little feller ? you lose ? davey inting down walk into crowd ) that man , |he 's after I . the Texan follow hi swirl people , mar : 's finger , but can see nothing but ly of they man . texan which one ? davey ( cattching glimpsis of opbst fight now wait jusf a minute . simmer down , hat this be all about . he want to conti * 50 - B $ 1 $ 2 53 #02160 51 -b ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 50-3 texan whoa ! nohody 's gonna kill anybody . you just art from the beginning . I be sure we can straighten this whole thing out . now , where be you folk ? opbst suddenly break ree of the crowd and run down the walk directly for davey . the Texan do not see he ; gaze be on davey as the boy kwhirl and flee , leave the Texan stare after he . texan hey ! a second later opbst dadhe by , leave the Texan look after they both and not know what to do . davey see a stairway lead back to the street and charge for it . ext . stairway - day 51 davey skid around the |bottom pillar and charge up the stair . he 's halfway to the top when haverman ' 's bulk fill the exit to the street . davey jerk to a halt , panting hard , and stare at the\huge killer . haverman lumber down the step after hii davey whirl and retrace he step , take the step \four at a time . opbst suddenly appear at the bottom of the stair , turn the corner on the run , just miss the boy as davey slip past . ext . bridge - day 52 davey tear down the walk and over a bridge to the other side of the river , the killer 's behind he get catch in a gaggle of tourist and be slowed down . ext . other side of the river walk - day 53 davey glance back and stare into the crowd . beside he . ees nothing . he stand there , suddenly , flack materialize flack just stand stifl a minute , davey . and calm down / /... continue '' pee ace hee wth ance $ 3 #02160 52 '' Rev. 7/29/83 continued 53 flack they will not dare shoot you in front {x ) of all thase people . ( glance about ) in fact , @ more people the better . his gaze fall on a jine of tourist wait to board one of the boat run |\ the river , drive by outboard motor . he point to it . flack there --- he shove davey toward ! the wait line and step back into the flow of tourist , isappear as davey watch . the boy busy a ticket om the booth and head for the back of the wait line , hope to lose himself there , just as a boat pull into the dock and unload passenger . he wait there as the lilne lengthen behind he , constantly throw nervous glance | over he shoulder , afraid at any moment he 's go to see opbst and haverman racing for he . the boat at the landing have finally disgorge its last passenger and begin to fill with new one . the line begin to rapidly move tdward the landing . suddenly he hear haverman yell . haverman ( 0.8 . ) over there --- a stand on the bridge , he head to see opbst run £ the river , toward he , call 's join he partner and they ( X ) the crowd toward davey . he glance up to see have point at he . he twist down the walk on he side by haverman 's shout . opb : drawing closer to the boat wooden guard rail that ke and forth on itself as it watch over he shoulder , try to cut in front to davey find himself enclose in ip the line in order , snake back leed on to the dock . as he @ two killer race up the line , t to he . a burly construction Worker with he three kid do not appreciate the fact that t two be try to jump ahead of he , and make he displleasure know ; loudly . he grab , '' opbst by the shoulder . 's orker hey , buddy , wait / you turn ! continue '' 2 btan 8 be tanta ses ad ear die 0 1 re fe awe 53 54 #02160 53 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 53 haverman reach out to\tear the guy apart . opbst grab he , hiss into he e opbst not here . he drag he partner toward the ticket booth , casting back glance at davey near the|front , the entire time . the boy turn back to the boat which be tantalizingly close now , anxiously wait he turh to board . ext . boat ~ day $ 4 he step onto the boat , ttaking he place by one of the gunwale . the seating be circular with more seat in the middle , the mexican - ametican Captain at the back try to restart the stall gutboard motor . it simply sput - ter with each new attempt . as davey watch the boat fill up , he see the killer stand in line , ticket in they hand , get |closer and closer to board . he look around , not knaw what to do if they make it aboard . there 's no way to run , nbthing for he to do except plunge into the water where he will make a slow move target for they if they decide to shoot . by the time the frustrated Captain get the motor start , opbst and haverman be allmost at the head of the line . and finally the last perbon between they and the boat step aboard . davey watch , now he 's have it . suddenly the Captain put up a hand 's opping the two killer . captain all full . have to wait till the next boat . davey , opbst and havermar| look to another boat approach , about thirty yard away . opbst we want this onp . . captain ( snap a chain into pla¢e across they path ) sorry . Law doeg n 'ot allow we to take any more passender . continued 54 #02160 54 Rev. 8/3/83 continued 54 opbst grind he tedth . davey smile at he , allow himself a moment to jrejoice in this favorable twist of fate . suddenly a waman in she midthirty , a schoolteacher from Ohio , stand upj she seat , claw through she purse . schoolteacher Howard , my lwallet , it 's go ! ( X ) her husband , Howard , calm she . in accountant , rise also , try to howard be you sure ( X ) schoolteacher of course , I be sure . and all we traveler 's check be in there . howard : do not panic . '' let 's go back the way we come and 's if you have drop it somewhere . he nod at the Captain . | the young man release the chain and help the woman , babhling hysterically the entire time , to step off the boat . het husband follow . schoolteacher it will be go by now . you know what people be like |--- and they be go . as davey watch in horror , the Captain wave opbst and haverman omto the boat . they take the vacate seat , the captaintstart the outboard engine . opbst look at davey , triumph on he face . ( xx ) the boat start down the pabeo del Rio . the two killer stare at davey , davey stare back at they . ( x ) ( X ) cpbst lean over and whisper to haverman . st I be go to get cllose to the boy . when I give you the signal , create a diversion . haverman how ? continuf 54 #02160 55 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 54 opbst ( savagely ) I do not bare . just as long as people be not look at I . he get up and begiln to move around the island in the center of the boat toward davey . davey watch he come . ( x ) opbst 's movement didtract he and he speak to the man disapprovingly . guide please , sit down , sir . no walk about while | the boat be in motion . opbst stop above a tdenage couple who be make out a few seat away from davey . opbst move . teenage boy nbreak he lip free from the girl 's ) huh , why ? opsst because I said|so . now move --- he almost bodily manhandle the two kid out of they seat , shove they toward the ohe he 's vacate , and sit down , lean forward to stare 4t davey a few seat away . he smile at the boy . at the far end , a nice - lo Midwest , Eunice maccready she 's dress for church , she hand . she poke she pleasant look as hersel ing , middle - age woman from the atch this cat and mouse game . ight down to the white glove on usband , George , a man just as continued 54 # 00870 { 56 continued - 3 54 | eunice look at that , George . '' '' GEORGE what ? he follow she gaze ust as davey get out of he seat and move in they direction in a desperate attempt to put some distance between himgelf and opbst . opbst rise and come after he . Eunice grbb davey as he attempt to pass and plop he down betweeh she and she husband , wriggle over to make room for he . | opbst come to a halt and sit down a few seat back , forcling other to make room for he . eunice what 's wrong ) boy ? davey cast a glance in | out from the file of se smile wolfishly . eun opbst 's direction . the man lean ted people and look at he , ce follow the boy 's gaze . davey you would not believe I if I tell you , mar 'am . eunice try I . davey ( nodd at opbst that man be try to kill I --- ( eyeing do not be ridicul ! like a pervert i ( to she hi what be we goin George ? we . look more you ask I . sband ) to do about this , before he can anwser , seve the boat at haverman . the to the boat 's engine housi jal seat away , opbst nod across ig man suddenly stand , point , cut off the guide 's rap . haverman Fire ! everybody on the boat leaps|up , focus on the engine housing . unseen by anyone , opbst 's stiletto drop out he suit coat sleeve into @ palm of he hand , and v push of its button , its leah , hungry blade leap ov 's contint '' 54 #02160 57 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 4 54 a social - security - age | Tourist come out of he seat just as quickly to the side of haverman , look in the same direction as the brut . , but see nothing . tourist haverman there , in thelengine --- while everybody be crani g they neck to see the fire that be not there , opbst hive for davey . davey see he come and leap out of he seat just in time to avoid the flash of the stiletto blade . it bury itself a inch into the wood where he would just |been sit . the guide be on he foot uselessly plead with h order . long with the rest of the boat , S passenger , try to restore uide would everybody please sit down --- try to get away from ophst , davey ram into the guide , knock he into the till . , shove it hard to the star - board side . the boat sudde ' ly swerve . the social - security - age Tourist who 's be try so hard to see the smoke be throw off balance ] and tumble over the side into the water . as general pandomonium ensue he make a diving grab for h island in the center of the prow of the boat as it slice diagonal for shore . as the hold of the tiller , straight . glance back over he should he . , davey leap around opbst as m , jump onto the wooden oat , and from there to the through the water on a sharp luide rights himself and grab ning the boat out , davey haverman be head toward he leap off the prow of the boat power by a young coupl . the shore . he race for the oat onto a pass paddle - and from there jump onto @arest step to the street . opbst , catch between the gag the boat try to help the m land , reach under he suit luger out for a shot at the be struction worker they have enc now between opbst and davey , villain with a scrutiny that le of people at the front of nn overboard and davey on the oat , beginning to draw he treat boy . but the con - untere back in the line be no he be look at the ake the shoot imposs continued 54 535 56 57 #02160 s7-a Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 5 54 construction worker ( xx ) ( to opbst ) siddown , you be rockin ' the boat . by the time opbst glance | back up at the land , davey be go . George and Eunice seem to have notice what opbst ( X ) be up to . dissolve to int . windsor park shopping mall - upper concourse - day 55 davey hurry down the concourse toward Morris ' shop . he stop by the front door , momentarily confuse by the sign , " out to lunch " , hang there . he peer through the glass into the store . it 's empty . he try the handle . the front door swing open . he step inside . int . store - day 56 he walk past the game and model , deeper and deeper into the dimly light store . it be disturbingly quiet . then he hear a small girl weep in the back room and move into that direction . int . back room - day ' 87 he step inside the room to find Kim seat on Morris ' desk , she foot swinging off the floor , she eye fill with tear . davey approach she slowly . davey Kim --- Kim look up at he , see how dishevel he be , wipe she tear away . kim what happen to you ? davey ( look around ) nothing . ( afraid to ask ) where 's Morris ? kim I do not know . but look .... she point to the video monitor on the desk . a bullet have puncture the center of the glass , send a spiderweb of crack out in concentric circle over the entire screen . continued 57 #02160 continued 58 Rev. 8/3/83 57 davey check out the atari console , find no cartridge in it . he just stare at the bullet hole . Kim fill the silence . kim davey ? do you think they -- ? davey ( interrupt ) no! ( scared ) no way . Morris be too smart for they . we will find he . kim ( cry anew ) I think he 's already dead ...! davey ( fearful anger ) shut up ! you do not know that . Kim continue to weep , louder now . davey be sorry for he outburst , put he arm around she , davey I be sorry . he try to figure out what to do next . he see a clock on the wall , read 3:30 . he pick up a phone , dial . kim what do we do now ? ( X ) davey ( think ) ( X ) no use call my dad . he would never believe I . ( get decisive ) you call you mother . tell she Rice be go to do something with the tape at five thirty . make she call the police , even if she do not believe you ! we need a grownup . kim okay ... ( pause ) what be you gonna do ? continued s7 58 s8-a through 58- C s9 #02160 89 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 2 57 davey ( take she arm , walk she out ) I be gonna try to find Rice and stop he . kim how ? davey I dunno yet . they exit the shop , arm in arm . dissolve to ext . tower life build 58 from across the street , Da ey stare up at the tall building , seem unsure of what to do next . flack materialize next to he , urge he across the street . traffic ) come on ! we do x't have much time . flack continue across th be hit . davey start which squeal its brake nearly hit the boy before busy street without fear of no blast its horn . two other he make it across , shake . flack come on ! s8-a omitted through 58-c int . build garage - lower level - day $ 9 flack and davey sneak through the garage , check the name on every parking space . davey ( to flack , as they run ) he say he have to be someplace at 5:30 . flack so he 's probably take he car . ( pause ) look ! continued 59 #02160 60 Rev. 8/3/83 continued 59 flack point to a pearl white cadillac. on the wall in front of it , a sign read mr . rice - data point . davey race to the cadillac , peer inside . flack no room to hide in there . how ' bout the trunk ? davey find the car 's front door lock , try a back door , open it , quickly crawl to the front , push the trunk latch in the glove compartment . the cadillac trunk pop open about two inch . davey race around , lift the trunk hurriedly , be about to hop in , but immediately stop short at what he see . he ( X ) gasp . Morris 's crumpled body be in the trunk , he glass askew , he eye dull and lifeless , a nice , neat bullet hole drill in the center of one of he eyeglass lense . continued 539 60 #02160 61 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 2 59 davey open he mouth to scream . flack leap to he side , clap he hand over the boy 's mouth . flack now what 's wrong -- ? he follow davey 's freeze gaze to the body in the trunk . flack oh -- tough ! ( X ) he glance at the corner ' vyhere the sound of Rice 's foot - step be draw irrevocahly closer . he go to lift davey into the trunk . davey , terrify , try to struggle free . flack ( whisper urgently ) ..- now or never davey ! he lift davey into the trunk . Rice round a concrete buttress just as he trunk be lower by davey . Inside the trunk , flack , Morris , and davey be cramme together , davey hold the trunk close , about a inch from click shut . Rice suspect nothing , get in he car , start it up , drive away , tire screeching as he head up the ramp for the street . int . cadillac - trunk ~ day 60 Inside the bounce trunk , davey hold on for dear life . the car suddenly take a sharp turn and Morris 's dead body roll over on top of he , pin he underneath , scare he to death . davey . ( X ) ( whisper ) Jack ..! agent X ...? ( struggle with corpse ) Jack , help I ...! flack materialize inside the crowded trunk , feel like { X ) a pretzel in a sardine can . he help remove the corpse off davey . {x ) continued 60 #02160 61 - a ( X ) Rev. 9/1/83 continued 60 flack be not it crowded enough in here ? ( finish help ) there . you okay ? davey , miserable , shake he head . davey he be my friend . how could they do that to he ? flack he just be not good enough . davey ( outrage ) but they do not have to kill he ...! flack when you have be play this game as long as I have , you will get use to this kind of thing . davey give flack a look which indicate he will never get use to it . there be a long pause then , motion cease within the trunk . davey we have stop . flack let 's see where we be . davey ever-so-slightly raise the trunk , about a eighth of a inch . he look out . 61 62 63 #02160 62 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 ext . STREET - alamo plaza - day 61 Rice pull up in the cadillac , park right behind the van . Rice be visibly nervous , keep check he watch , pace around . opbst get out jof the van , walk over to haverman as he get out . they meget near the trunk of the cadillac . down the street , the alamo sit wait , whitewash and clean in the late afterndon sun . I make the dro alamo ) I never though say , ' reme the Russians would be be the alamo . 's heh . haverman ( not get it ) hunh ? int . cadillac - trunk - day 62 davey stiffen as he hear this , crack the lid a eighth of a inch for a look at what 's go on . he find himself stare at the belt buckle of the two thug from he sliver of a vantage point . rice ( to haverman ) forget it . you wait here . we get a date with some guy miss two finger on he right hand . ext . cadillac - day 63 opbst who be he ? rice I do not know . they do not want we to know . opbst they do not tell ya much . continued 63 64 and 65 66 67 68 69 #02160 63 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 63 rice just enough . he throw the camera case over he shoulder and start down the street , follow by opbst . haverman turn toward the caddy and get in . 64 omitted and 65 int . cadillac - trunk - day 66 flack turn to davey with a encourage wink . flack time to go -- nbegin to open the trunk ) and remember , you can win or lose the game right here . good luck ! int . cadillac = front seat - day 67 haverman be seat behind| the wheel , read the paper . slowly , unseen by he , the trunk lid rise into view through he rear window behind he . suddenly sense that something be wrong , he stiffen , he gaze rise to he rearview mirror . the raise trunk lid fill the mirror . he twist in he seat , sthring out the back window . ext . cadillac - STREET - day 68 he slam out of the car a of the car . he stare in body . id walk rapidly around to the back '' the trunk at Morris 's crumpled haverman shit ! he slam the trunk lid sh street , momentarily afrai the street be nearly empt other side . t and turn look up and down the that a passerby have see the corpse . except for a few pedestrian on the ext . front of the alamo - D , 69 davey stop before the main kntrance to the mission . he spend a moment hike up hi pants and wiping the sweat off he palm . then he begin to slowly walk toward the huge double - oak door . soe atte a he ucn tht robe ae rt ae han Fe 1c flmth ratan sine sa 70 #02160 64 Rev. 9/1/83 int . alamo - day 70 davey step through the door and look around . it isa huge rectangular adobe room , enormous candelabra hang from the vault ceiling . smaller room contain exhibit lead off to one side , security guard post at both the main entrance and the side door to the garden . tourist pack the place . davey move through the throng search for a glimpse of opbst and Rice . they be nowhere to be see . a small knot of tourist dissolves at the far end of the room and davey suddenly see Rice . the killer check he watch , hike the camera bag over he shoulder , and begin to move . davey be directly in he path . if he glance up , he must see the boy . davey dive behind the first adult he see , a woman he do not even recognize in he panic . Eunice maccready , the nice lady from the boat , look down at he curiously , she husband beside she paw through the postcard rack . eunice well , look who 's here . last time ( X ) I see you , you be jump off a boat . get a little seasick do you ? davey ( X ) please mar 'am , I be hide from that man . davey glance up , recognize she , but he attention be on Rice . he slide around Eunice , keep she girth between he and Rice as the killer pick up he stride for the door . she follow the boy 's gaze , and see Rice . eunice oh , it 's somebody new this time , be it ? be you ready to tell I what this be all about ? ( to she husband ) George ! her husband walk over , mumble subserviently . in the b.g. , a uniform Guard announce close time . guard lady and gentleman , the alamo will be close in two minute . GEORGE yes , dear . eunice onodd at davey ) we young friend seem to be in some sort of trouble again --- continued 70 #02160 65 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 70 Rice disappear out the door . davey take a step after he , try to escape the two adult . eunice just a second , young man . Eunice grab he by he shirt collar , drag he to a sudden halt . davey twist under she grip , desperate to follow Rice before he lose he . eunice what 's you name ? davey davey . eunice not davey crocket , by any chance ...? davey ma'am , I really have to go . it 's a matter of national security . eunice ( amused ) well , then . we would not want to stand in you way ...! she release she grip . he scamper away , the nice couple '' stare after he . Eunice turn to she husband . eunice what do you think ? GEORGE I think the boy need we . eunice I agree . davey spot Rice through a break in the milling throng just as the overhead light begin to flick on and off , a Guard 's voice echoing in the vault room . _ guard lady and gentleman , the alamo be close . everyone please exit through the front door <-- continued 70 71 through 74 75 #02160 66 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued - 2 70 the Guard begin flash the light as people begin to move out . as davey watch , Rice carefully put down he camera case and step forward , Nikon in hand , seemingly frame a snapshot of a painting of davey crocket . davey dodge through the crowd , head for the camera case . Rice turn just as davey step out of a knot of tourist , grab the case , and dart back into the crowd . Rice yell after he . rice hey ! davey dart across the alamo , past the rather startle Mr. and Mrs. maccready , head for the front door . a security Guard step out to grab he , but davey dodge he , slamm through the front door , pursue by both the Guard , the maccreadys , and Rice . 71 omitted through 74 ext . front of the alamo - day 75 he 's just about to pick up speed and be off when the Guard catch he by the nape of the neck . the Guard tear the camera case out of he hand and shake he so hard he tooth rattle . guard you have get a hell of a nerve , kid , steal inside the alamo . where 's you patriotism or be that word too big for you ? davey ( try to talk between rattling tooth ) but , but --- George and Eunice step through the door into the plaza outside the alamo , George hurry over . GEORGE he do not steal anything , officer . guard ( hold up the camera case ) but he take this --- continued 75 #02160 67 and 68 Rev. 7/29/83 continued 75 George smile apologetically and hold up he camera case ; it 's almost identical to the one davey grab . GEORGE a simple mistake . I ask the boy to pick up my camera case and he take the wrong one . Rice slam through the front door behind they and skid to a halt when he see davey with the security Guard and the nice couple . try to preserve he anonymity , he turn . to walk off toward the distant figure of opbst and haverman . the Guard hold up the camera case he take from davey and yell at Rice . continued 75 #02160 68-a Rev. 7/18/83 continued — y 75 guard hey , this you camera case ? Rice halt , look like he would like to deny it , but think ( X ) better of it , and manage a very uncomfortable nod . guard well , come on over here and take it . George turn to Eunice , throw a smile at davey on the way . GEORGE why do not you take the boy to we car while I straighten this out . davey ( desperately point to the case in the Guard 's arm ) but that case have the secret plan in it --- eunice ( patting davey on the head ) of course , it do , dear . davey but it do --- before he can say anything more , Eunice take he by the ( X ) shoulder and steer he toward a non-descript blue Ford fairlane park just down the street . davey keep glance back at the three man , the security Guard , Rice , and George maccready lose in conversation . and behind they , watch he stand opbst . Eunice cluck at he the entire time as she lead he toward she car . continued 75 76 #00870 69 continued - 2 75 eunice now , now , do not fret yourself . George will take care of everything . he 's very good at that . she open the passenger side door to the front and shoos davey inside before he can argue any further . int . ford - day 7 . 76 davey slide across| the seat and stare out the driver 's side window as Eunice get in beside he . he watch as the security Guard walk away , apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he 's receive . George continue to talk to Rice , the glder man gesture animatedly , seemingly very angry , the killer listen almost contritely , both man clutching theiy identical camera case . davey 's eye widen as the convezrsation suddenly cease and the two exchange camera cage . davey he 's giveh he the camera case back . eunice he do ? ell , he must have have a reason to do it . George always know what\he 's do . davey turn to eunicel unaware that George have break free of Rice behind he and be walk toward the car . davey but you do not understand . there be a donkey Kong tape in there , only it be not a donkey Kong game , it be --- the driver 's door suddenly open and George slide in , toss the camera case \to davey , and start the car . GEORGE be this what yqu be so worried about ? davey ( hold ) the case almost broken-héartedly ) no , sir , it be |\the other case , the one you give that man just now . that be the one that have the secret plan in it . | | | 78 #00870 70 ext . alamo - STREET - dusk ~ I ~ the Ford pull out into / traffic and disappear down the street . int . ford ~ dusk into night 738 as they drive along , dusk begin to slip into night . George take he eye from the road long enough to toss a amused glance at the dispirite boy in the seat beside he . GEORGE what make you so sure I give the wrong case back ? davey pardon ? GEORGE ( nedd at the case in davey 's hand ) open it and find out . davey open the case , hardly dare to believe the tape might actually be there . but there it be at the bottom of the case , black and rectangular with that stupid logo on it . davey whip the tape out , flash George a joyous smile . davey you get it ! eunice ( smile benevolently at he ) see . I tell you . George be real good at make thing come out right . davey ( to George ) but how would you do it ? GEORGE I just give that man my camera case in its place . he never notice the difference . now do you mind tell we what this be all about ? after all I have sacrifice my good camera to save you donkey Kong tape . continued 78 #02160 71 ( xx ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 78 davey but it be not a donkey Kong tape . there 's a extra micro chip in here that contain the plan to some important american defense project . GEORGE then why would that man have it at the alamo ? davey he be go to give it to some Russian spy . GEORGE no ...! eunice ( break in ) really ? do he say what this spy look like ? davey only that he have two finger miss . eunice how exciting ! May I see that tape , davey ? davey sure . he hold the tape out to she . she primly remove one of the glove she always wear and grasp the tape with she thumb , first and second finger . the other two be miss . davey stare at the mutilate hand in numb horror . Eunice frown at the boy . eunice something wrong , davey ? his terror- fill eye lift to stare at she cold face . he make a sudden dive over she for the door , but George grab he and roughly yank he back down in the seat , hurt he . GEORGE sorry .... Eunice take out a bottle of chanel number 5 and methodically sprinkle the " perfume " onto she handkerchief as davey watch , fascinate . continued 78 79 #02160 72 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 2 eunice such a clever little boy , George . I wish we could bring he with we to Mexico City . GEORGE I have make arrangement with Rice . he will take care of he for we on we way to the airport . eunice ( upset ) I do not like he method , and I do not like that two thug of he . GEORGE I make it very clear to he back - there how displease we be with this whole mess . he will not dare make another mistake . eunice not if he want to keep do business with we . GEORGE I make that clear . what time be we flight ? eunice ( still add perfume ) Midnight . we will go back and check out now , but I think we should cancel we dinner reservation . what a nuisance ! suddenly and without warning Eunice clamp the handkerchief over davey 's face . he struggle against the chloroform as everything go black . dissolve to int . trunk - cadillac - night tiny pinhole of light leak through portion of the cadillac chassis and fall on davey 's unconscious face . flack 's voice come out of the darkness . flack wake up . somebody 's come . davey open he eye . continued 78 ( X ) ( X ) ( X ) ( xx ) 79 80 #02160 73 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 79 davey . ( groggily ) where be we ? flack right back where you put we . davey spot Morris 's body next to he own , be sicken at the reminder of he friend 's death . footstep approach . flack play dead or we will be . davey shut he eye , feign unconsciousness . someone try to open the trunk , but it 's lock . opbst' voice ( just outside trunk ) hey ...! int . tower life build - subterranean garage - night 80 opbst be stand at the close caddy trunk . haverman sit in the driver 's seat , read a football magazine . evident , but not prominent , be the fact that the key be in the ignition . opbst ( continue ) --- pop the trunk , will ya ? haverman push the button in the cadillac glove compartment , and the trunk pop open about two inch . opbst open it and peer into it . opbst the kid 's still out cold . haverman want to kill he now ? opbst wait will we get to the desert . haverman what 's take he so long ? continued 80 81 82 #02160 74 : ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 80 haverman ( cont would ) {getting out of car ) can not take he two hour to divide up the money ... I think we should get extra for killin' the kid . that be not part of the original deal . opbst yeah . let 's go hurry he up . opbst slam the trunk close , walk to the stair door with haverman . omitted 81 inside the trunk 82 davey try to pry open the trunk . it be lock firmly . davey we will never get out of here . flack stay cool . ( pause ) I be think . ( pause ) call Kim . get she out to the airport . maybe she can bust the maccready 's without you . davey fumble for he walkie-talkie , find it in he back - back , whisper into it . davey Kim , Kim --- just static . : davey Lady Ace ...! more static . davey why can not I get she ? flack maybe she radio 's bust . davey well , think of something ! flack see that crowbar ? davey grab it . &3 84 #02160 75 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 int . cadillac - backseat ~ day 33 the empty backseat be suddenly disturb by a move lump in the plush upholstery . a moment later , davey break through , crowbar in hand . flack peer through the hole from the trunk . flack let 's get outa here . open the door . davey spy Rice 's car phone . davey wait . davey clamber across the seat and into the front . he pick up the phone and begin to dial . cut to int . kim be house - live room - night - intercut with 84 davey and flack in car Kim sit in the dark , bite she nail as she wait for she mother to come home . the phone ring on the table beside she . she pick it up . kim Mom ? davey Kim , it 's I . do you tell you mother ? kim ( upset ) no . she have not come home yet . I do not know where she be . she have to cater somewhere , but I can not read she write . it 's ineligible . davey Kim , you gotta get to the airport . right now ! kim davey , it 's past my bedtime ! davey the spy have the tape . they be old . a man and a lady . she only have three finger . cont inued 84 85 #02160 76 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 84 kim where be you ? davey I be in a car . listen : they be gonna fly to Mexico City . at midnight . kim ( practically in tear ) how be I suppose to get to the airport ? davey use you bus pass .... flack duck ! int . parking garage - night - intercut between davey hiding @5 and villain davey see Rice , haverman , and opbst return toward the trunk . the thug be pockete they share of the money . davey hang up on Kim , duck below the front seat . opbst what about the girl ? you want we to get she , too ? rice I have already take care of that . puzzle look from opbst and haverman . Rice pull a trigger device out of he pocket . it be a everyday household item . opbst what 's that ? haverman model airplane control . opbst what be ya gonna do ? dive bomb she ? heh heh . haverman chuckle along with he pal . Rice do not laugh . instead , with a certain amount of pride , he push a little button , bring a ba tery power indicator into the green / activate part of a scale . continued 85 86 and 87 88 #02160 77 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 85 davey , hide in the car , can not tell what 's go on . rice ( patronizingly ) not quite . actually , it 's a trigger -.. for a clock ... which set off enough plastique to blow up half she neigh - borhood . davey be stunne . haverman ya mighta tell we . Hell , we coulda be blow up with she . rice ( gesture with trigger ) that 's why I use the timer . I push this ... and ... we little friend will have a very short , very loud night - mare in ... ocheck watch ; 11:00 pm ) ...@xactly one hour . Rice push the button . davey look at the clock on the dashboard : 11:00 pm . flack that will be midnight ...! davey ~ ( horrify ) I gotta call Kim ! flack ( refer to the action at the car 's rear ) not now , you do not .... 86 omitted and 87 int . subterranean garage - night - cadillac 88 opbst open the trunk , the rise trunk block davey 's view through the rear window . continued 88 89 90 #02160 78 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 88 opbst ( 0.s. ) he 's go ! the trunk lid slam down , revealing all three killer . opbst pull a pistol from he belt . Rice and haverman do the same . rice ( look around ) he will not get far . Inside the car , davey 's eye widen with fear . behind he , see through the car window , the three killer start to spread out in they search . davey lock the front door and reach for the ignition key . int . garage ~ night 89 all three killer suddenly freeze as the caddy engine leap to life . Rice raise he pistol , stare at the car . rice what the <-- ? int . cadillac - night 90 davey , who be not quite tall enough to both hit the accel - erator and see out the windshield at the same time , turn to flack for help . davey you gotta tell I how to drive this thing ! flack ( clearly bluff ) uh , well ... this here 's the , uh ... shift ? davey this be the shift . flack well , hell ! what d'ya want from I ? this be a real car ! I be only a figment of you imagination ! davey slip the automatic transmission into reverse , glance out the side window , see all three killer dash toward the car . he slip down to the gas pedal . 92 93 95 #02160 79 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 int . garage - night 91 the caddy engine whine , and the car suddenly leap back - ward , head right toward the three killer . rice look out ! all three dive for cover as the caddy , apparently driver - less , roar at they and hit a post . int . caddy - night 92 davey select drive . davey ( to flack ) sorry . as the car suddenly shoot forward , flack be knock back over the seat by the tremendous acceleration . flack I be okay , just keep drivin ' ! int . garage - night 93 the three killer leap to they foot and run after the car as it carom off another post then off the the wall and up the ramp . int . caddy - night 94 the car be go like a fitful bat out of hell , scraping along the wall at one point , stripping away paint and tear off chrome , clipping a corner at another point , demolosh a headlight , go in fit and start up the ramp and through the various level of the garage as davey either peer over the steering wheel , out the window or slip beneath the wheel to give it more gas . flack sit behind he , enjoy the ride . flack not bad for you first lesson ! int . garage - a different level - night 35 the caddy be nowhere in sight . Rice come to a stop beside a shorn - off cadillac mirror , pick it up , look around the garage . continued 96 0 st $ 8 99 #02160 80 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 35 from the level above , the sound of a terrible collision echoe down . rice that little bastard . ( back to haverman as he and opbst catch up ) Quick , get the van and follow we . haverman turn back , as Rice and opbst rush toward the next ramp up , on foot . int . another level of the garage - night - cadillac 96 the cadillac have come to a force halt against a wall . Inside the car , davey find reverse , and the car burn rubber , back up a dozen yard , then skid to a halt as davey slam on the brake . int . cadillac - night 97 flack sit in the backseat of the stop car , more than just visibly shake by the crush . davey be try the phone again . davey I gotta warn Kim ...! . flack ( see opbst and Rice over he shoulder ) better wait . davey see what he 's talk about , drop the phone , floor it . int . garage - night - cadillac 98 the car screech away , leave Rice and opbst behind , fire at the car with they pistol . ext . tower life build - garage exit - night 99 the car barrel out of the exit , fly five foot in the air before it slam back to earth , and take a leave turn into the street on two wheel . 99 - 4 100 101 102 #02160 gl ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 ext . STREET - night 99 - a the cadillac turn right into another street and proceeding along the wrong side of the street , approach a street sweeper truck with a flash yellow light . int . cadillac - night 100 flack be brace in he seat , hold there by fear , stare out the window at the approach sweeper . flack ( stiffening in he seat even more ) daveyyyyy ...! davey whirl the wheel . ext . STREET - night 101 the car avert the sweeper but mount the opposite curb and skid into the side of a building , bring building debris crash down on the roof . int . cadillac - night 102 as the dust settles , flack pick himself up off the floor board with a groan while davey fumble with the car phone , try to dial out . davey I gotta call Kim and tell she about the bomb . flack she 's probably already on she way to the airport . davey then she 's prob'ly safe . lack ( think ) uniess she 's carry the damn thing . davey she could not be ... {tries he radio ) hello , Kim ...? {getting no answer ) why will not she answer ? continued 70 71 through 74 75 #02160 66 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued - 2 70 the Guard begin flash the light as people begin to move out . as davey watch , Rice carefully put down he camera case and step forward , Nikon in hand , seemingly frame a snapshot of a painting of davey crocket . davey dodge through the crowd , head for the camera case . Rice turn just as davey step out of a knot of tourist , grab the case , and dart back into the crowd . Rice yell after he . rice hey ! davey dart across the alamo , past the rather startle Mr. and Mrs. maccready , head for the front door . a security Guard step out to grab he , but davey dodge he , slamm through the front door , pursue by both the Guard , the maccreadys , and Rice . 71 omitted through 74 ext . front of the alamo - day 75 he 's just about to pick up speed and be off when the Guard catch he by the nape of the neck . the Guard tear the camera case out of he hand and shake he so hard he tooth rattle . guard you have get a hell of a nerve , kid , steal inside the alamo . where 's you patriotism or be that word too big for you ? davey ( try to talk between rattling tooth ) but , but --- George and Eunice step through the door into the plaza outside the alamo , George hurry over . GEORGE he do not steal anything , officer . guard ( hold up the camera case ) but he take this --- continued 75 #02160 67 and 68 Rev. 7/29/83 continued 75 George smile apologetically and hold up he camera case ; it 's almost identical to the one davey grab . GEORGE a simple mistake . I ask the boy to pick up my camera case and he take the wrong one . Rice slam through the front door behind they and skid to a halt when he see davey with the security Guard and the nice couple . try to preserve he anonymity , he turn to walk off toward the distant figure of opbst and haverman . the Guard hold up the camera case he take from davey and yell at Rice . continued ae gi oa a bape eve ? veer 7s #02160 68-a Rev. 7/18/83 continued — y 75 guard hey , this you camera case ? Rice halt , look like he have like to deny it , but think ( X ) better of it , and manage a very uncomfortable nod . guard ; well , come on over here and take it . George turn to Eunice , throw a smile at davey on the way . GEORGE why do not you take the boy to we car while I straighten this out . davey ( desperately point to the case in the Guard 's arm ) but that case have the secret plan in it --- eunice ( patting davey on the head ) of course , it do , dear . davey but it do --- before he can say anything more , Eunice take he by the ( X ) shoulder and steer he toward a non-descript blue Ford fairlane park just down the street . davey keep glance back at the three man , the security Guard , Rice , and George maccready lose in conversation . and behind they , watch he stand opbst . Eunice cluck at he the entire time as she lead he toward she car . continued 78 76 #00870 69 continued - } 75 eunice now , now , do not fret yourself . George will take care of everything . he 's very good at that . she open the passenger side door to the front and shoos davey inside before he can argue any further . int . ford - day 7 76 davey slide across} the seat and stare out the driver 's side window as eunite get in beside he . he watch as the security Guard walk away , apparently satisfied with whatever explanatidn he 's receive . George continue to talk to Rice , the dider man gesture animatedly , seemingly very angry , the killer listen almost contritely , both man clutching theiy identical camera case . davey 's eye widen as the conversation suddenly cease and the two exchange camera can davey he the camera case back . eunice he do ? ell , he must have have a reason to do it . George always know what\he 's do . davey turn to Eunice 's of Rice behind he a unaware that George have break free be walk toward the car . davey but you do not understand . there be a donkey Kong tape in there , only it be not a donkey Kong game , it be --- the driver 's door sudderly open and George slide in , toss the camera case |to davey , and start the car . GEORGE be this what you be so worried about ? davey ( hold | the case almost broken-heartedLy ) no , sir , it be ithe other case , the one you give that man just now . that be the one| that have the secret plan in it . : 77 78 #00870 70 ext . alamo - STREET - dusk 77 the Ford pull out into / traffic and disappear down the street . int . ford - dusk into night 78 as they drive along , dusk begin to slip into night . George take he eye from the road long enough to toss a amused glance at the dispirite boy in the seat beside he . GEORGE what make you so sure I give the wrong case back ? davey pardon ? GEORGE ( nodd at the case in davey 's hand ) open it and find out . davey open the case , hardly dare to believe the tape might actually be there . but there it be at the bottom of the case , black and rectangular with that stupid logo on it . davey whip the tape out , flash George a joyous smile . davey you get it ! eunice ( smile benevolently at he ) see . I tell you . George be real good at make thing come out right . davey ( to George ) but how would you do it ? GEORGE I just give that man my camera case in its place . he never notice the difference . now do you mind tell we what this be all about ? after all I have sacrifice my good camera to save you donkey Kong tape . continued 78 #02160 71 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 78 davey but it be not a donkey Kong tape . there 's a extra micro chip in here that contain the plan to some important american defense project . GEORGE then why would that man have it at the alamo ? davey he be go to give it to some Russian spy . GEORGE no ...! eunice ( break in ) really ? do he say what this spy look like ? davey only that he have two finger miss . eunice how exciting ! May I see that tape , davey ? davey sure . he hold the tape out to she . she primly remove one of the glove she always wear and grasp the tape with she thumb , first and second finger . the other two be miss . davey stare at the mutilate hand in numb horror . Eunice frown at the boy . eunice something wrong , davey ? his terror- fill eye lift to stare at she cold face . he make a sudden dive over she for the door , but George grab he and roughly yank he back down in the seat , hurt he . GEORGE sorry .... Eunice take out a bottle of chanel number 5 and methodically sprinkle the " perfume " onto she handkerchief as davey watch , fascinate . continued 102 102- a 102- B #02160 82 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 102 flack she probably drop she walkie - talkie .... on the word " walkie-talkie , " davey have a sudden and horrible think . he look to he own . davey her walkie-talkie ...? int . bus stop 102 - a Kim be try to raise davey on she walkie-talkie . it do not work . kim hello , davey ? ( pause ) can you hear I ? she get nothing ... not even static . kim hello ? she listen in she receiver , hear a strange '' " beep - beep - beep " continue faintly , relentlessly , with the precision ef a clock . she screw up she face at the strange noise , consider the walkie-talkie break . kim cheap thing . she throw it back in she pack . back to int . cadillac 102-3 davey we have to tell she ! ( think , see car clock : 11:06 pm ) I will call my dad ! flack do not waste you time . he already think you be a nut case . ( look out window , pluck at davey 's sleeve ) look out ...! flack point out the window . Rice and opbst be run toward the car . they will be there in just a few second . davey just drop the phone . he and flack slip out the break window on the side opposite the killer ' approach . 103 104 105 #02160 83 ( xx ) Rev. 8/3/83 ext . STREET - night - demolished cadillac 103 Rice and opbst reach the cadillac , just as the black van whip out of the garage behind they . opbst tear open the door , he gun ready , and look inside . he turn back to Rice . opbst he 's go . the black van pull up beside they , haverman behind the wheel . Rice motion he forward . rice we will search on foot . he can not have get far . haverman that 's what you say last time . they exchange dirty look , then the black van drive ahead , while Rice and haverman search on foot . ext . another STREET ~ phone booth - night 104 davey and flack stop beside a public phone booth . davey whip off he backpack , take a quarter out of it , and drop it to the ground , step into the booth . flack crowd in behind he look at davey with a almost joyous smile . int . phone booth - night 105 flack you know , this be start to get good . davey ( look at he like he 's crazy as he dial ) what ? flack just like cloak and Dagger . davey ( listen to the phone ring on the other end ) be you crazy ? they be try to kill I . flack ( poke he in the rib to make sure he get the joke ) they can not kill I . can not even see I ! continued 105 106 107 108 #02160 84 {x ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 105 davey ( outrage ) they can kill I . flack not if you be good enough . that 's what the game 's all about . right ? ( pause ) right ? davey just ignore he , speak into the phone . davey ( into the phone , suddenly ) yes , could I speak to master sergeant hal osborne , please . it 's he son call . cuT to int . lackland AIR force base - airplane hangar - night 106 hal pick up the phone , as in the b.g. , several ground crew under he command , service f~410 fighter jet . hal ( into phone ) hi , davey . why be not you in bed ? CUT back to int . phone booth - STREET ~- night 107 davey into the phone desperately , flack peer over he shoulder . davey dad , you have get to help I . that spy put a bomb in Kim 's walkie - talkie and she do not know it --- cuT to int . lackland AIR force base - hangar - night 108 hal stiffen , cut davey off . hal davey , I tell you ... I do not want you get into that game ...! continued 108 109 #02160 85 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 108 davey' voice dad , this be not a game . I need you help --- hal ( anguish , guilt ) I do not have time for this , davey . I have a rush job here --- cuT to int . phone booth ~- STREET ~ night - intercut with hal at 109 work as necessary davey ( almost in tear now ) dad , please , listen to I . they be go to take the plan out of the country at midnight --- unseen by either davey or flack , the black van turn the corner and cruise down the street behind they . it 's obvious haverman have not spot the boy yet ; it 's just as obvious he will any second . hal ( v.0 . ) davey , just calm down . you have work yourself into a state again . I will be home soon --+ behind davey , the van suddenly stop , then creep forward toward the phone booth . haverman have spot davey . davey ( the tear come now ) dad ...! I be not home . please listen to I for once . I promise i'm tell the trutht I be down by the river walk . but do not worry about I . you have get to get to Kim before the bomb .... the van pick up a little speed , head directly toward the phone booth . hal ( alarmed ) davey , stay right where you be . I be come . now , listen to I . find a street sign . tell I what it say on it --- continued 109 110 111 112 113 #02160 86 ( x} Rev. 8/3/83 continued 109 but before hal can finish , haverman suddenly shift gear and lay rubber , the black van roaring down the street toward the phone booth . the screech of the tire draw flack 's attention . he look up to see the van tear directly for they . flack let 's go -- ! he and davey tumble from the phone booth . ext . STREET - phone booth - night .- black van 110 davey and flack just roll out of the van 's path as it smashes '' inte the phone booth , totally demolosh it in a explosion of splintering glass and chrome . int . van - night lil haverman 's miscalculate , a wall 's rush up at he . he try to turn , but it 's too late . he do not even have time to scream . ext . STREET - store front ~- night 1l2 the van plow into a store front directly behind the demol - ished phone booth , and come to a halt , upend on its side . cur to int . hangar - lackland AIR force base - night 113 hal snap the receiver up and down try to get he son back on the line . hal davey , davey ~- ? hal drop the phone , fear in he eye . his conversation have attract the attention of fellow worker , who look on curiously as he imagination carry he into agony . he bolt from he desk , confuse , but know he must leave . he address he nearest coworker on he way out , hal I gotta go . continued 113 114 115 #02160 87 ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 113 coworker what 's the matter ? hal I dunno . I gotta go . my son ... ( leave , daze ) T dunno .... hal run out of the hangar , he face show that a terrible lesson be be learn , possibly too late . CUT back to ext . STREET - store front - night - van 114 flack help davey to he foot , both of they stare at the wreck . haverman 's dead body hang out the front window of the van . flack ( patting davey on the shoulder ) one down , two to go ! ( shove davey toward the van ) get he gun --- davey no .... flack come on ! get with it ! you can use a real gun about now .... but davey be repulse by the sight of haverman 's body . he turn he attention to a jewelry store window , cramme with clock . they all read 11:10 . davey 's eye widen with fear . davey we gotta get across the river to the bus stop . we need a bus to the airport . flack pick up the gun davey , or you be gonna lose the game . _ but davey take off down the street . the super spy have no choice but to run after he , although he do turn back once or twice , look wistfully at haverman 's .38 . ext . freeway - night - bus 115 a public bus roll along the freeway , move well within the legal speed limit , car pass it all the time . 116 #02160 88 and 89 Rev. 8/3/83 int . bus - night 116 Kim sit at the front of the near-empty bus , stare at the clock that tick away on the dashboard . it read 11:30 , click over to 11:31 as she watch . ( X ) continued 116 #02160 89 -a Rev. 7/18/83 continued 116 the camera push in on the backpack , dissolve through the material to the walkie-talkie inside and then through that into the very gut of the machine . it be stuff with plas - tique explosive , a profusion of color wire , and a digital readout counter that be click away like mad , rush toward the fatal hour . CUT to 117 118 119 through 121 #02160 90 ( X ) Rev. 7/22/83 ext . staircase to the river walk - night 117 davey race down the samp stair he take earlier in the day , leaping they four ak a time . ext . outdoor cafe - a 118 at the same cafe wher¢ he stop for help earlier in the day . davey skid to bh halt between the desert table , and look at he watch . davey only twentytfive minute till midnight -- he turn , about to ru drink filtre coffee only to see flack sit at a table calmly look up at davey . flack you be go \to have to take this guy out you ow . before davey can think $f a reply , he hear the killer come . he dash away , ignore the super spy , racing down the river walk int the darkness . flack watch he go . a moment later Rice and into the darkness . no D night and stillness and to opbst . ee ee pbst appear , stare down the walk vey , no Jack flack , nothing but nempty coffee cup . Rice turn rice give I the ma¢hine gun . opbst toss he the schmeizer . Rice snag it out of the air . rice I will take this | side . you take the other . opbst draw he luger wilth the silencer on it , clear the chamber , and slowly begijn to walk down the path , he eye probing every shadow fof davey . cuT to omitted 122 122-a 123 124 #02160 91 Rev. 9/1/83 ext . bridge - night 122 davey hurry across the bridge , freezing midway . from he point of view , he see Rice and opbst stop , search the shadow and move on , then suddenly Rice spot davey : rice there he be ! davey turn and run , the killer follow . ext . other side of the river - night 122- a davey run along the river then through a arched tunnel beneath the road that pass overhead , leave he pursuer far behind . ext . river walk - night 123 he pick up he pace and run headlong along the tree-line path . he disappear into the shadow of another bridge on the run . ext . under the bridge - night 124 davey trip and sprawl headfirst onto the path , rip he pants . he sit up , grab he knee . he 's skinned it badly , blood beginning to well up through the tear skin . flack suddenly step out of the shadow , stare back the way davey just come , listen hard . flack they be come . ( X ) ( turn to davey ) now just wait here and take they out . davey ( look up at he ) I do not wanna kill anybody . flack davey , you know the rule . you be ( X ) . s' pose to take out the obstacle before you reach the objective . continued 124 #02160 continued 92 ( X ) Rev. 9/1/83 124 flack ( cont would ) ( offended ) ya can not just go right for the ebjective . that 's no fun . davey fun ?! we have get twenty - four minute till the bomb go off .... davey be unconvince . they lock finally : flack that 's why ya gotta take this guy out ! flack c'mon . how many people have I kill for you over the year ? ( pause ) and now you do not wanna play ... ( pause ) this be cloak and Dagger , davey . for real ! just what you have always want . davey but I do not have a gun or a knife or anything .... flack ( excited ) ' the ' crossfire gambit 's ..‘ remember the crossfire gambit ..? ( nodd down path ) go back down there , hide until the mexican guy have pass you , then attract Rice . lead he fire . under - stand ? ( add the final coup ) who 's go to save Kim if you do not ? eye ; a moment pass . davey consider , then davey ( reluctantly ) okay . continued 124 125 126 127 #02160 93 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 2 124 ( x ) davey whirl and run down the path , disappear into the night . flack stare after he . flack good luck ! ext . the tunnel - night 125 opbst pad along silently , he gaze probing every nook and cranny , every shadow along the walk . davey crouch in the darkness of the tunnel . he stare into the darkness as the spy pass . nearby , a rat chirp and scurries out from near davey . opbst shoot he . then there be silence again . but davey now look around for ether rat that might be surround he . he turn and look along the path . there , glimpse for a moment in a splash of moonlight be Rice . davey take a deep breath , gulp , and suddenly jump up shouting and wave he hand . davey hey , ricey ! whatsamatter ? can not ya shoot straight ? exterior , -. further back = night . .... have the be en bbl Rice 's gaze be tear from the path directly ahead of he , and toward the boy in the tunnel . all he see be the kid jump around , mock he , laugh at he . he whip the schmeizer machine gun up and fire , stitching a line of bullet along the walk behind the boy , slowly catch up to he as davey break into a run , dash through the tunnel after opbst . ext . the tunnel - night 127 opbst stand beyond the tunnel , look back the way he just come , listen to the soft sound of the bullet smash into the dirt along the path . suddenly davey appear out of the darkness , almost crash into he , zigzagge around he at the last moment , and down the path . continued rarr #02160 934a Rev. 8/3/83 continued '' 127 opbst whirl , sightihg on the boy with he pistol , draw a bead on the small x he back , unaware of the bullet t . '' stitching along the h , behind he , head directly toward he . '' continued '' 127 #02160 94 { Rev. 8/3/83 continued - | 127 just as he 's about to / pull the trigger and shoot the boy down , the machine gun / slug find he , rip into he body , jerk he arownd , almost cut he in half , throw he backward / and into the grass . the luger fly out of he hand and skitter across the path . davey emerge out of the shadow and stare down at opbst . the man do not even praten . Jack flack step out of the darkness by the tunnel come to a stop above the dead man 's luger , pointinglat it . flack ( jubjlantly ) great work , | davey ! now get the gun . davey turn to he , still in shock , nodd at the body in the grass . davey he 's dead . flack do not worry about that now , davey . you be win . just hurry over here and pick up he gun . davey ( a little in shodk ) my dad be right . ( turn to flack ) . 1 do n't.wanta play anymere . davey turn , look at the luger at flack 's foot , glance back down the path where he can now hear Rice approach . back and forth he head gd , between the gun and the approach killer , the killer and the gun . lack ( childishly ) { X ) come on ! do not be a spoilsport now ! what be yqu , chicken ?! davey suddenly whirl , run without break stride a disappear into the nigh totally surprised . to the gun , scoop it up continue on down the path , Jack flack stare after he , flack ( call after he ) do not go down there , dumb head ! it 's a dead end ! conti " 127 128 #02160 95 Rev. 7/22/83 3 continued - % 127 but the boy be go . flack glance at he watch . it read 11:38 , twenty - two minute till the bomb go off . i flack ( to himself ) Jesus --- with one glance over he shoulder at the sound of Rice 's approach footstep , the super spy dash after the boy . ext . river walk - dead end - night 128 davey skid to a sudden halt , face a blank concrete wall , twenty foot high . he 's reach a dead end . he whirl , look to he leave : nothing there but more high wall . he glance to he right : nothing there but the river . he stare back the way he 's just come . he can hear Rice 's footstep pound toward he out of the darkness . he 's trap with nowhere leave to run . continued 128 402160 96 Rev. 8/3/83 continued 128 he stand there , breathe hard , the cold certainty of defeat and imminent death sink in on he . farther down the walk , Rice run into view , stop as he see the cornere boy . smiling , he slowly start to walk toward he . davey back away , raise opbst 's luger in the dark . davey stay away from I or I '1l shoot . rice ( mock he ) sure you will . Red ink . ( X ) ( raise he machine : gun ) only this one shoot real bullet . davey ( continue to back away ) I be warning you , this be not a water pistol --- rice ( hold up the machine gun ) neither be this . ( X ) Rice twirl the machine gun with a display of gunhandle ( X ) virtuosity . it end up in fire position . oe rice ( xx ) if I want , I could turn you into shred meat - in five second with this baby . but you have be a real pain in the ass . so i'm not gonna be that nice . you know what I be go to do to you , boy ? mesmerized by the evil in the man 's tone , davey can only shake he head as he back away . rice I be go to blow both you knee= cap off . it will not kill you , but it will hurt worse than any die you can imagine . then you know what I be gonna do ? continued 128 #02160 97 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 2 128 suddenly Jack flack materialize next to davey , he gaze ( X ) snap from Rice to the trozen boy . flack shoot he , davey , shoot he ! ( X ) davey just stand there , mesmerize by the evil in Rice 's voice . rice I be gonna shoot you in the stomach . then when you beg I to finish the job , I will not . I be just gonna watch and enjoy mysell as you die . davey bump to a halt , he back against the wall , no further to go , no place to run or hide , trap . he hold the luger up , point it directly at Rice 's face . flack ( x ) shoot ! pull the trigger ...! davey stop , please , stop . I do not want to shoot you ! rice sure , you do not . but I want to shoot you . he lift the gun and aim at davey , beginning to squeeze the trigger . the boy stare at he , unable to find the will to fire he own gun . flack -ushout until - crt ee be ee ee tee red in the face ) kill he ! kill he ! ( mot understanding davey 's hesitation ) this guy 's a jerk ! just kill he ! ( X ) ( get impatient ) aw , heck ! I will show you what a real hero do . watch this ! davey see flack suddenly run along the wall , angle toward Rice , whipping off he spy hat with the bullet - proof shield , hold it in Rice 's direction . flack get : he to shoot over here ! Old ( X ) agent x'1ll bounce the bullet right back at he . it will be great ! continued 128° #02160 98 ( X ) : Rev. 8/3/83 continued - 3 128 flack ( cont would ) ( try to egg Rice on ) come on , you turkey ! shoot I ! or can not ya find the trigger ?! ha ha ha ! davey do not , Jack ! Rice , alarmed at the possibility of a accomplice with davey , instinctively whip he schmeizer around , shoot a burst of machine - gun fire at the super spy . the pyrotechnics be wild , as a mixture of brightly glow tracer bullet and standard ammunition fly through flack 's semitransparent body , throw he back as each slug enter and pass through he body , tear through he flesh and clothing , then crash into the wall behind he . it be a spectacular death , and it horrify davey to see he friend murder . davey ( stand , scream ) nott ! davey raise the luger , fire it at Rice , the bullet slamm into the killer , right between the eye , propelling he backward , the part of he face which can still be see now look stunne , just before the blood gush . Rice topple into the river , and float away . davey run over to where Jack have just be . he seem to have vanish . davey Jack ! Jack materialize behind davey , in perfectly good shape . there be no sign of any physical damage . just a little dust . the kind you get play gun . he brushes himself off . flack good work ! you win ! davey ( in disbelief ) you be not dead ? continued 128 #02160 939 ( X ) Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 4 128 elack never even touch I . ( suddenly notice bullet hole in he hat , look disgruntled ) hmh . I guess this thing do not stop real bullet . hmm . davey 's eye snap back to Rice 's body , float down the river . davey he could see you . Jack just shrug . he do not seem to know or care . flack I doubt if he have the imagination . who care ! you be a hero now . davey look at Rice 's body , bob in the river . he showly shake he head in the negative . flack you kill the bad guy , davey . you win the game . how do it feel ? davey that be not fair ! you trick I ! you make I kill he ! weep agen cee - flack . ou < peat henge tebe not tee a '' clear | case of self - defense ! davey whip the lead figure of Jack flack out of he pocket , be about to throw it --- flack ( alarmed ) what be you do ? but it be too late . davey throw it right through flack , cause it to bounce off the concrete wall and land back near he foot . davey stomp on it , bend the lead pathetically out of shape . the boy and the super spy remain freeze on the walk . flack turn to davey , he face fill with sadness and pain . flack why do you do that ? this be we best adventure yet . continued # 02160 100 ( X ) Rev. 9/1/83 128 continued - 5 128 davey ( still furious ) I do not want to play anymore . flack , deeply hurt by the boy 's action , sit down , weak . flack ( genuinely puzzle ) why do you kid always do this ? davey buh ? flack ( reminisc ) you father be the same way . and after all that game of cowboy and Indians .... davey be puzzle , do not know what to say . flack ( complain ) ..- it always end like this . you get tired of ... make believe ... ( look wistfully to the break figure ) ... then you break you toy . flack suddenly feel something , look down as bullet hole begin to materialize for real in he flack jacket , blood beginning to show , flack ( look down ) damn ! he suddenly cough and weaken . davey ( stare ) he do hit you ...! flack I be okay . we better get to the airport .... he begin to move dizzily . suddenly davey realize that the front of Jack 's shirt be drench in blood . davey stare at he . continued 128 #02160 101 ( xx ) Rev. 9/1/83 continued ~ 6 128 davey but you be bleed . I do not think anything could hurt you . flack maybe you better go to the airport without I ... you be the hero now -- you do not need a cid jelly blaster like I .... davey do not say that . you will be fine . davey grab flack as he fall , gently cradling the man 's head in he lap . the super spy look up at he , try to smile through the pain . flack never do like that rule . ( fade fast ) I always have to leave when they stop believe .... davey ( not want to hear ) just hold on Jack . I will get help . flack nmake light of it ) no use . they could not see I anyway --- ( smile at davey through the pain ) it be fun though ... be not it davey ? davey no , Jack ! it be not over ! flack you be the best playmate I ever have . do you know that ? davey {in a panic ) do not leave I ! continued 128 #02160 102 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 7 128 flack I have to , kid . you be growin ' up . flack manage to smile at he , then a cough jag hit he and he lose the smile , blood fleck the corner of he mouth . flack pass I a smoke , will you . ( X ) davey reach for the super spy 's shirt pocket , but flack nod at the ground behind he . flack over there . on the ground . davey rise and turn , search the ground for the smoke that be not there . behind he , Jack flack begin to fade , he body turn more and more transparent . his die eye be on davey , take a last glance at he friend . a sweet sad , wistful smile wreathes he lip and a instant later the super spy snap out of existence , go into the night air forever . davey can not find the cigarettes and turn back to tell flack , only to discover he be not there any longer . stun , davey stop cry . he look around wildly . Rice 's body be there , the path and the night be there , everything be there except Jack flack . davey lift he head and call into the night . . davey Jack , where be you ? and a voice answer he out of the ether , get ( X ) further and further away all the time . ( x ) davey Jack , Jack , come back . I can not do it on my own ! the voice get farther and farther away . flack voice yes , you can , davey -- you be always on you own . ( X ) continued 128 128-a 129 #02160 103 Rev. 9/1/83 continued - 8 128 davey keep look up at the summer sky overhead , the swirl cloud dopple the slate- grey darkness of a Texas summer night . he nod up at that cloud way up above , wiping the tear away . he look at he watch . it 's 11:42 . he hobble hurriedly down the path , drag he wounded leg after he , move as fast as he can for the nearest exit . cur to omitted 128-a ( X ) int . kim' condo - kitchen - night 129 Kim 's mother , Marilyn gardener , sit in a chair , stare worriedly at a note in she hand . there be a knock at the continued # 02160 103 - a ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 continued 129 deor and she open it hurriedly to find hal and dioguardia stand there . hal look just as worried as Marilyn . hal uh... you be Kim 's mother , right ? marilyn ( worried sick ) who be you ? hal ( embarrassed by he lack of manners ) uh , I be davey 's father ... uh , I have be meaning to come over and introduce my --- marilyn yes , I have hear a lot about you . where 's Kim ? hal and dioguardia look to each other , more worried now . hal she 's net here ? lt . dio guardia Excuse I , I be --- hal ( interrupt ) ' oh ; ah , this be cieutenant .... hal forget he name . lt . dio guardia dioguardia . I be with the San Antonio Police . marilyn you would better look at this .... she pick up Kim 's note , hand it to dioguardia , look worriedly to hal , who read over the Lieutenant 's shoulder . the note read : " have go to airport . bring police . Love , I . " marilyn ( accusingly , to hal ) be this another one of you son 's game ? continued # 02160 103 -b ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 129 continued - 2 129 hal and dioguardia look to each other , neither know the answer . finally , hal give one . hal no. CUT to 129a ext . bus stop - STREET - night 129 -4 davey hobble as quickly as he can to a stop bus . the door be open . a disinterested Driver sit at the wheel as a few passenger await its departure . 129-b int . bus - night 129-3 the Driver turn to the panting boy . continued 129 - B 129 -' 130 #02160 104 ( X ) Rev. 7/18/83 continued 129-5 davey this the bus to the airport ? driver uh-huh . davey move up the step , reach for he backpack only to realize it be not there . he look at the Driver helplessly . davey I have lose my school bus pass . driver ( like a break machine ) dollar fifty ! davey ( turn he pocket inside out ) but I do not have it . driver have to get off then . can not let you ride for free . davey ( desperately ) but you have to . i'1l pay you when we get to the airport --- ee - driver bee . loe a Los sorry ! davey turn and climb off the bus . ext . bus stop - STREET - night , 129 - c davey alight from the bus , the hiss of the airbrake mock he as it depart . cuT to ext . san ANTONIO airport - night 130 Kim 's bus pull to a halt before the main terminal . Kim leap out , racing for the door . she pass underneath a huge wall clock as she disappear inside . it read 11:45 ; fifteen minute leave till the bomb go off . CUT back to 131 #02160 104-34 ext . cab stand ~ STREET - night . 131 several cabby stand around talk before a all - night do nut shop , they car wait for fare at the curb . davey skid to a halt before a pot-belly older driver . davey mister , take I to the airport , please . old cabby nlook at the dishevel boy doubtfully ) you get any money , son ? davey hesitates , not use to lie , but decide to do so in this case . davey yes , sir , ton . cabby ( read the lie ) . forget it , kid . davey but , mister , I have to get to the airport --- but the man have already turn away , lose in conversation about the San Antonio spur with a buddy . davey hobble to the next cabby , . a aging , hippie with a day 's growth . . : davey will you take I to the airport , please ? I will find some way to pay you when we get there . the man just stare at he . continued 131 #00870 105 continued 131 davey please , it 's a matter of life and death ! hippie ( fix he with a doubtful eye ) that important , huh ? ( see he wounded leg for the first time ) what happen to you leg ? davey ( tear up and pluck at he shirt - sleeve ) please , mister , I have to get to the airport quick . hippie maybe {i should get you to a hospital first . that leg do not look too good . davey I have not get the time . if I do not get to the airport now , this girl be go to die . another moment pass , the aging hippie stare at the kid , the kid stare back , neither blink . suddenly the cabby walk to he car and throw the back door open . hippie get in . davey dive inside . int . cab - night 132 the hippie slide behind the wheel and start the car . davey lean over the front seat . davey how long do it take ? continued 132 134 135 136 #00870 106 continued 13 hippie at this time of night , about ten minute . the he floor it . ext . STREET - cab stand - night . 133 the cab peel out into traffic , burn rubber . CUT to int . airport ~ check -in counter - night 134 Kim fidget impatiently while a clerk behind the counter check the computer for arrival and departure . the clerk finally look at she . clerk Flight 146 to paraguay be about to board at Gate Fifteen , concourse B. kim thanks <-- she whirl and run down the terminal , head for concourse B. CUT back to ext ... san ANTONIO expressway . - . night soe : 135 the cab carry davey speed along , head toward the airport . int . cab - night 136 davey glance at he watch . it read 11:47 . he lean over the front seat . davey can not you go any faster ? please . I only have a few minute leave . hippie yes , sir , boss --- he floor it . the cab leap ahead , go even faster . cur ta 137 #02160 107 Rev. 7/29/83 int . airport terminal - security checkpoint - night 137 Kim stand before a security Guard at the checkpoint prior to the main board terminal where all passenger must pass through the metal detector and have they hand luggage searched and x-ray before they can board . she 's deep into she effort to explain to the man what davey tell she . kim ( catch midsentence ) -- but I be tell you this two spy be leave on the twelve o'clock flight to Mexico City --- ( X ) guard ( interrupt ) that flight have not start board yet . kim I know . they tell I that at the check in counter , but you have to stop they from get on the plane . you see , they have this donkey Kong tape --- guard ( stare at she incredulously ) what ? kim ( beginning to lose patience ) a donkey Kong tape . you know , a game cartridge . only it have this ( % ) steal government plan in it --- guard ( interrupt she again ) what 's this couple look like ? George and Eunice maccready walk right in front of Kim , but she just stare at they blankly , get really exasperate with the security Guard . kim I do not know . kinda old . one of ( x ) they only have two finger . or maybe it 's three . I forget . look , would - you just stop the plane from board before they take off in it ? continued eset of S abla bend nol yemenite nie = seah 137 138 139 140 141 #02160 108 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 137 guard I think we would better talk to the Chief of Airport Security --- the maccreadys stop against a wall and with a casual glance to make sure no one 's watch , George maccready slip he - 9 mm . llama automatic into a newspaper and drop both into a trash can . across the floor , the Guard take Kim by the arm . he lead she toward a door mark '' Airport Security '' while George and Eunice maccready take they place at the back of the line feed through the metal detector , the camera case swinging casually from George 's shoulder . ext . airport - night 138 the cab carry davey screech to a halt before the entrance to the international terminal . int . cab - night 139 davey pause with he hand on the door , look at the aging hippie . davey I will see you get you money somehow --~ hippie forget it , kid --- davey leap out of the cab . ext . airport ~ night 140 he rush into the terminal , drag he bad leg behind he . int . airport terminal - night 141 davey skid to a halt before the check in counter , look around wildly for a glimpse of Kim . she 's nowhere in sight . he dash for a public courtesy booth . davey how do I find somebody ? a woman lean forward to answer he . cuT to see hace 142 143 #02160 109 Rev. 7/29/83 int . security office - night 142 Kim sit in a chair face the head of Airport Security , the Guard who bring she into the office stand behind she . chief ( catch midsentence ) -- and that 's all the description ( X ) you get ? kim ( all patience go ) I tell you , we get cut off . ( X ) ( pause ) - look , all you gotta do be check they finger . jeesh . she hear the PA system blaring from outside . man' voice Flight 467 to Mexico City be now ( % ) board at Gate Fifteen . will all passenger --- kim ( rise out of chair ) that 's they flight --- chief ( take : out - have . se '' he report ) now just let I get all this down --- Kim glance up at the wall clock . it read 11:54 , six minute till the-bomb go off , six minute till the flight leave . she whip she gaze back to the security Chief , almost scream at he in she frustration . kim but there be not time --- the Guard behind she force she gently back into she seat . Kim look at he like she would like to kill he . the camera dolly in on the walkie-talkie poke out of she backpack , the second hand on the overhead wall clock tick away . int . ticket counter area - night 143 davey stand by a public courtesy phone as the overhead speaker blare a announcement . continued 143 144 145 #02160 110 ( % ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued 143 announcer's voice will Kim gardener please report to the white courtesy phone . will Kim gardener please report to --- davey look up and down the terminal , wait for some sight of Kim . there be none . his eye catch a computer screen overhead list all the arrive and depart flight . he have no trouble find Flight _ to Mexico City . the word " board now " flash on beside it . he tear he eye away , glance at he watch . five minute leave till the bomb go off . he look up and down the terminal , desperately search for some sight of Kim . int . security office - night 144 kim ( in midst of bureaucratic interview ) do they just call my name ? chief ( preoccupy with paperwork ) I be not listen . what be you mother 's maiden name ? do you know - what that mean ?..... toe oe I kim I think they say ' Kim gardener . ' that 's I ...! chief just a couple more question .... int . terminal - security checkpoint ~ night 145 the maccreadys have just pass through the checkpoint and be walk toward the entrance to the board area as davey skid to a halt before the guard , the metal detector to one side with a wait line behind it . davey pardon I , have you see a girl about eight ? she 's get blonde hair and .... continued 145 #02160 110-a Rev. 7/29/83 continued he keep glance around even as he talk , hope to catch sight of Kim . suddenly he see the maccreadys walk with stately steadiness toward they board area . davey suddenly stop talk , point at they , and shouting . davey stop they ! the maccreadys turn and stare at the boy as davey try to dash around the x-ray machine only to be snag by one of the guard . continued 145 145 #00870 lll continued - 145 guard just a second there , son . davey frantically struggle to free himself , still point at the maccreadys who watch he with look of freeze horror on they face . davey but they have get the tape ---+ guard I be sorry , son , but you can not pass through here without be searched first . who you with anyway ? davey ( hopping up and down with frustration ) but the tape --- guard ( push he back ) now you will just have to go around to the other side of the metal detector like everyone else =--- davey look at the long line . by the time he be searched and pass through the machine , the maccreadys will be long go . they know that , too , and turn to go on they way . davey watch they go , not know what to do for a moment . suddenly he wail at the maccreadys like some long , lose child . davey Mom , dad , please , do not leave I ! the maccreadys freeze again , glance back as the Guard turn around to look at they . they hurry on they way , suddenly wishing they be invisible . the Guard turn back to davey . guard ( bewilder ) they you folk ? davey stand there , watch the maccreadys get further and further away . continued # 02160 112 Rev. 8/3/83 continued - Z 145 davey yes , sir , and they tell I to wait in the car . they say they would be right back . only I know they be lie . they be leave I behind forever ! the Guard suddenly turn and call loudly after the maccreadys . guard just a minute there , folk . would you mind comin ' back here . the maccreadys stop , exchange glance . George turn to the Guard , do he best to smile . GEORGE but we plane 's board --- guard it will wait . let 's get this straighten out first . holding davey by the hand , he walk he toward the maccreadys , the couple walk back to meet they . everybody be now glance at they curiously . they all stop opposite each other , the Guard nodd down at davey . guard this you boy ? : GEORGE ( sarcastically ) ( X ) of course not ! do we look like we would have child that age ? the Guard look down at davey , none too pleased . guard you put I on , boy ? davey ( more innocent than apple pie ) no , sir . I do not know why they be do this , but I can prove they be my folk . guard how ? continued # 00870 113 4 continued + 2 he uw davey turn a angelic smile on the maccreadys . he point to the camera bag hang off of George 's shoulder . davey if you look inside that bag , you will find one of my electronic game tape , donkey Kong . the Guard look up at George and hold out he hand . guard could I see you bag , sir . GEORGE ( get very uncom - fortable suddenly ) but I assure you , officer , this boy 's lie . we have never see he before in we life . guard I have still get to see that bag . now , please , give it to I . furious , George glower down at davey . davey give hima huge smile in return . George 's eye snap to the trash can with he pistol in it on the other side of the metal detector , suddenly wishing he hand't ditch it . suddenly the security office door to the side of the checkpoint open and Kim step out follow by the Chief of Security and the Guard that originally take she in there . she see davey and yell at the top of she lung . kim davey ! he whirl , see she at the same time . they take off on the run for each other . davey Kim , quick , give I the walkie- _talkie --- George and Eunice glance up . all they see be a little girl rush toward they follow by two security guard . think they have be discover , George go crazy . he smashes the Guard beside he across the chest with he overnight case , slamm the man back against the wall . as the man slump to the floor stunne , George grab he gun out of he holster and whip it up , point it at the approach security guard . GEORGE stand back ! continued 145 146 147 .. hal.s_old mustang screech the a halt opposite the entrance . t #02160 114 y Rev. 7/29/83 Zz continued - £& 145 the guard skid to a halt , they hand raise just as davey meet Kim in front of they . before she can say anything , he rip she backpack off , paw through it , and grab the walkie-talkie . he look around wildly for somewhere to get rid of the bomb . he see a door behind the maccreadys with a glow " exit " sign above it . he vault the inspection area stand and dash for it . George reach out and snag davey on the way , throw a choke hold on the boy and use he as a body shield between himself and the guard , yell at they as he hold the gun to davey 's head . GEORGE now just stay where you be ! davey ( struggle to get free , hold up the walkie- talkie ) but this thing have a bo ( mb ) -- ! ( x ) George tighten he hold on davey 's neck , cut off he word and most of he air . the boy gasp as he 's drag backward by George , Eunice beside he , the gun and the hostage hold the guard at bay . CUT to ext . airport terminal - night 146 othe ' terminal 's he '' and Marilyn '' jump out just as two police car pull up , disgorge a battalion of cop lead by Lt. dioguardia . they all dash for the terminal . int . terminal = boarding area - flight 467 - night 147 George and Eunice back into the crowded wait area , George 's gun still hold to davey 's head . people back away from they as the ticket agent intone board instruction . ticket agent we will begin board passenger row one through twenty ~ seven -~-- the ticket agent stop as he become aware of the commotion . he come out from behind he dais , head toward the maccreadys . ticket agent what 's go on here --- ? continued 147 148 i149 #02160 ais ( X ) Rev. 9/1/83 continued 147 George turn and shoot the man in the leg as he get too close . he go down as people all around they panic , scream and claw to get away from the maccreadys . holding the gun to davey 's head , George drag the boy across the lounge , he wife beside he . all three disappear out the door onto the tarmac and up the portable stair into the wait 727 jet . int . terminal - check -in counter - night 148 hal and Marilyn wait while a policeman question the check - out girl . Fleming talk to they . eleming we find two dead man by the river . another one two block away . turn out they be want by the FBI for sell military secret on the international market . they be smuggle they out in child 's video game cartridge . hal look tremedously quilty when he hear the last line . hal what about davey ? fleming ( solemnly ) we have get diver down there now . '' ( pull something ~ out of he pocket ) we do find this though . do it belong to you son ? hal take the mutilate lead figure of Jack flack from the lieutenant , clutches it in he hand . hal God ! why do not I believe he .... Marilyn comfort he . the policeman return to Fleming with news . fleming come on ! int . boarding area - night 149 they skid to a halt before the empty lounge , already cordon off by airport security man hold pistol train on the continued 149 #02160 115-a Rev. 9/1/83 continued 149 wait jet outside . Lt. Fleming hurry over to the ( X ) Security Chief , flash he badge at the man . lt . fleming ( X ) Fleming , homicide . chief a man and a woman just kidnap a boy . they be hold he hostage inside the plane ---~ Marilyn rush to Kim , she arm outstretch . ( X ) marilyn Kim ! she run across the cordon - off area and sweep she daughter up in she arm . marilyn oh , Kim , Kim , I be so worried about you --- continued # 02160 116 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 on 149 continued 149 kim ( point through the window to the wait plane ) they have get davey in there ! Marilyn turn to stare at the 727 sit out there on the tarmac , then walk back toward hal as dioguardia and the Security Chief leave he alone to go about business on they own . marilyn what do they say ? hal ( nodd at the jet outside ) if they do not get a pilot to fly they to Cuba in the next five minute ... they be go to kill he . marilyn ( in disbelief ) no ... they would not .... oo hal hurry across the lounge to where the Security Chief and dioguardia stand . hal what be you go to do ? chief the FBI be send a team over . they sn chee chin retina aed lee ure a plhote who ! 's thry adnerst «to : hamdber s.r sr ant cast epee situation like this . hal how long before they get here ? chief ( hat to admit it ) a few minute . I just call they . hal ( explode ) a few minute may be too late . that 's my boy in there --- a member of the ground crew enter from the outside . > ground crewman he say we have get three minute before they .... the crewman see hal , stop what he be about to say . continued 149 #02160 117 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued - 2 149 hal ( force it out ) before they kill he ? the crewman look to the Chief , then to hal , reluctantly nod . lt . dio guardia he 's bluff . hal he 's bluff with my kid 's life . ( grab the Chief 's shouder ) let I go . chief what ? hal I be a staff sergeant at Kelly in charge of ground crew . I be license to taxi plane --- lt . dio guardia forget it . chief that 's out of the question . I be sorry . suddenly they turn as , from they point of view , George and davey emerge onto the board ramp , the gun still press peer ee dep an re CO ley shovel hometn hy anaugt Le tema on ground crewman , who radio up to the crewman stand with hal , Chief , and dioguardia . George look desperate . he pull davey back inside . other crewman ( over radio ) he will not negotiate . I think he 's flipping out . what do I do ? hal grab the crewman 's radio , speak back . bal tell he there 's a pilot come out . hal keep the radio , start for the door . chief come back here . ( to dioguardia ) stop he . we could lose we ass in a lawsuit . continued 150 sas ree be et ile ace hoe eile en ie hdl bef ote bes hae oer #02160 118 ( xx ) Rev. 7,°29,/83 continued - 3 14g lo. dio guardia ofollew hal ) they might buy the uniform , but what happen when they expect you to take that plane into the air ? hal ( break away , go cut ) I will fake it . chief stop he ! dioguardia turn to respend to the Chief , decide to say nothing , just shake he head in refusal . int . 727 airplane - forward section - night 150 George shove davey away from tne door , Eunice by he side . gecrg now go sit in the bacx and keep you mouth shut . davey hold up the walkie-talkie . davey but this be a --- GEORGE a venient casi tin shut up ! coup ! shut up ! shut up ! shut wu drive back by the man 's insane tone , davey give up and hurry to the back of the empty airplane . he plop into a seat near the bathroom , hide from sight . he take out he Boy scout penknife and pries the back off the walkie-talkie . it be fill with plastique and a profusion of color wire ; red , green , white , and blue , seemingly run every which way from the timing device into the explosive . he stare at they in total bewilderment . davey which one ...? ( without think about it , call out ) Jack , which one do I cut ? continued # 02160 119 Rev. 7/29/83 , 150 continued 150 no answer ; he look up . davey Jack ? and it hit he ; Jack flack be not there to save he . his . eye widen with panic as he realize just how alone he be . and he sit there , surround by the silence , stare at the bomb with its impossible profusion of wire sit on he small lap , the second tick away inside the digital display , the counter show there be only three minute to go . in the front section , George and Eunice step back as hal , dress in he Air Force uniform , walk into the plane . George motion at he with he gun . Eunice frisk he . ( X ) GEORGE into the cockpit . ( % ) in the back , davey glance up long enough to catch a glimpse of the pilot disappear through the forward of ~ compartment , but he 's too far away and the moment be too brief for he to recognize he father . 150-a int . cockpit - night 150 = a hal slip into the pilot 's seat and begin to run a check on the instrument panel as George stand over he , the crete go sod . eebanos . or des rag ag ea wy oe nate in rant neha neg desig epee be a hal hit a red button and George 's ear pop . he dig a finger into one of they try to ease the pain and dig he gun into hal 's back . GEORGE what be that ? hal pressurize the cabin --- he continue to check the instrument without miss a beat . 150-b int . 727 jet - night 150 - B davey be stare worriedly at the gut of the bomb , bite he lower lip , the penknife poise in he hand , the second tick away on the digital display , even as he watch . continued # 02160 119-a ( X ) Rev. 8/3/83 150-b continued 150 - 5 outside the window , the wing jet leap to life , revving and make the entire plane shudder as they warm up . davey keep he gaze on the impossible profusion of wire in the walkie-talkie , pound he good leg in he frustration . davey oh ...oh ... ( suddenly really frighten ) help I , Jack .... tear of hopelessness start to roll down davey 's face . 150-c int . cockpit - night 150 - c hal reach nervously for the radio mike . George react suspiciously . hal I have to get take off clearance . 3150-d int . 727 jet 150 -d davey be close to tear . davey oh , Jack , I be sorry . I do not mean to throw you away --- 150 - e° int . cockpit 150 - E hal feel something uncomfortable on he seat . it be in he back pocket . he pull out the damage figure of Jack flack , pause a half instant , then repocket it in he shirt . hal ( on radio mike , to tower ) attention , tower . this be flight one - four-six request permission - to taxi the runway one - five , for immediate reroute to Havana . tower voice permission grant , one -four-~six . now , without George see he , we see hal push the intercom button on the radic mike . continued 150 - E 151 #02160 119 -b Rev. 8/3/83 continued 150 - E suddenly hal 's Voice come over the intercom from the cockpit . hal' voice this be Captain Jack flack . will davey osborne please come forward to the cockpit . stun , davey stare toward the forward cabin as he recognize the voice . int . cockpit - night 151 as hal set the mike down , George jam he gun muzzle deep into he rib . hal groan in pain from he seat in the pilot 's chair . continued # 02160 120 Rev. 7/29/83 ao 151 continued isl GEORGE what 's the big idea ? you do not need to see the kid . hal : order . I be not suppose to take ( X ) off until I make sure he 's safe . George stare at he furiously . hal return he gaze , refuse to drop he eye . George finally whirl and shout out the cockpit door in Eunice 's direction . GEORGE get he up here . ( % ) ( whirling back on hal ) and no funny business from you . he jam the gun into the back of hal 's neck , both man wait for the boy to appear , hal revving the huge jet outside the window , bring they up to full power and beyond . '' of 152 int . 727 + rear compartment - night 152 Eunice walk down the plane toward davey . eunice ' ' serene apenas a body aor , es , want up , front pee ambi on to date eg tape ane lf davey rise reluctantly , stare at the bomb on the seat . davey but ... but it 's go to go off in ( X % ) less than a minute --- eunice March , junior ! now !! ( X ) she clear the seat and stop above he , get she first look at the bomb . it 's a very good one : the plastique , the wire , the tick time counter , all of it be suddenly visible to she . she freeze with fear and scream . eunice '' ~~ George ! George ! the bomb 's digital counter be click away even as she watch , 068 , 067 --- # 02160 120-a Rev. 7/29/83 153 int . cockpit - night 153 George suddenly whirl , take he eye off hal , and stare down the passageway toward the back of the plane , Eunice 's scream get louder and more fearful . : continued : '' 4 a q 4 { 1 be slr ea gm phe eoe 3 iron ea : not lala ae en to ? seer ean bo ta. anil tctrem , '' air meen a agen pen nti 155 186 #00870 122 continued 183 eunice ( 0.s. ) George ! he take off on a run out of the cockpit . hal grab the microphone again , yell into it . hal davey , get up here quick ! int . plane - rear compartment - night 154 davey take off down the aisle , leave Eunice , stare at the bomb and still scream . it keep tick , 060 , 059 --- eunice George ! davey get halfway down the plane when George suddenly appear from the front section . they almost collide , the spy collare the boy and drag he to a halt . GEORGE oh , no , you do not --- davey struggle to free himself , but he do not have a chance against the stronger adult . int . cockpit - night i55 hal rise from he seat , ¢raning he neck to see back down the passageway into the interior of the plane . at the midsection , he see . davey struggle . in George 's grasp . he : fall back into he seat , throttling all jet full open and release the brake . int . airport = boarding lounge - night 156 Marilyn , she daughter Kim , Lt. dioguardia , all the cop and security guard stand with they nose press to the glass , stare at the huge jet just outside the first - floor window of the lounge . the plane suddenly shudder and lurch forward . kim ( point excitedly ) look , it 's move ! the jet leap directly toward they , gain speed at a frightening rate , tear loose from the board ramp and throw it aside . 157 158 159 #00870 122 int . 727 = midcompartment ~ night 157 the sudden movement throw George back against the wall of the plane , cause he to lose he grip on davey . as the plane straighten , gain speed , the boy leap to he foot and dash toward the cockpit . George heave himself erect , about to spring after davey . Eunice scream at he from farther back in the plane as she pick herself up from the floor where she fall . eunice forget the boy and get back here ! int . airport boarding lounge - night i58 the huge jet tear right toward the window ; suddenly it turn a hard right , its enormous leave wing swinging in a huge be directly toward the window . lt . dio guardia duck ! everybody hit the floor as . the plane wheel about on a dime , its wing barely miss the window . everybody leap to they foot , stare out the window at the 727 roaring down the runway away from they , gain more and more speed with every pass second . Kim suddenly leap forward , climb through the window , and out onto the runway , tear across the tarmac after the plane . kim davey --- her mother leap after she , dash down the runway try to catch she daughter . marilyn Kim ! int . 727 - rear section - night 189 Eunice and George stand stare down at the bomb on the seat . she turn to he , barely able to control she panic . eunice well , disarm it . '' continued # 02160 123 ( x ) Rev. 7/18/83 159 continued 159 George manage to pull a wire loose , but nothing happen . GEORGE ( turn to she helplessly ) I do not know how . a terrify moment pass . suddenly : eunice the door ! they both bolt down the aisle toward the midsection door . 160 int . cockpit = night 160 davey burst through the door into he father 's arm . davey dad --- hal ( embrace he son ) davey --- davey pull free and glance at he watch . dad , there 's a bomb in the back that 's due to go off in less than a minute . hal c'mon , we will get out of here --- he slam the ceckpit door close and lock it , turn back to the small side window , fumble with the catch to open it . 161 int . midsection - night 161 George be pull at the exit door . he turn to Eunice . GEORGE it will not open . not with the cabin pressurize . continued #02160 124 ( X ) Rev. 7/18 83 161 continued 161 they whirl and dash for the cockpit door . the digital counter on the bomb tick dispassionately on , o11 , 010 , 009 --- 162 int . cockpit - night 162 hal finally get the side window open and reach for he son . hal c'mon , out you go --- davey ( stare at the small window you will never fit --- suddenly there 's a pound at the door and scream from the other side . GEORGE ( 0.s. ) open up ! . hal ( grab he son ) do not worry about I . just get out of here . davey ( struggle to ° voyage tee bimself ) | sn ape a ei care tate one lenbue be ae ie the arne not oe lathe sty he shove he son scream and fight through the small window . : davey no -~ ! 163 ext . 727 ~ runway - night 163 davey slip through the cockpit window , slide down the con - cave side of the airplane , and hit the wing , break he fall . he grab onto the aluminum , try to hold on , the slipstream of the speed jet drag he back and off . he hit the soft ground at the side of the runway as the plane careen across the grass davey shake he head to clear it , leap to he foot , run after the plane which be quickly accelerate into the night . continued 163 #02160 125 Rev. 7/18/83 continued ro of with davey dad , dad -- ! and the plane continue to gain speed , quickly outdistance the small run boy , roaring off into the night , swallow up by darkness . davey keep run after it anyway . the night be suddenly shattered by a huge explosion , a fireball of incredible brightness and size roaring up out of the blackness . the concussion blow davey back and off he foot , bend the grass and bush around he almost to they break point . he pick himself slowly up off the ground , stare down the runway at a night that have suddenly become brighter than day , a enormous fireball of high - octane aviation fuel climb into the night sky . davey ( in a shattered voice ) dad ! tear stream down he cheek . ( X ) davey dad -- ! continued 163 #02160 126 ( X ) Rev. 7/29/83 continued - 2 163 he suddenly stop , stare into the almost blind incandescence of the fireball . a tall , handsome figure of aman backlit in burn orange , shimmer against the night sky and the rise fume of the fire be walk toward he slowly out of the conflagration . davey just stare at the apparition , watch the glow outline of the figure draw closer and closer to he , something teasingly , wonderfully familiar about it . and then he recognize the figure , that jaunty , confident walk , the insolent slouch , that aggressive lower curve of the shoulder . davey ( stare in disbelief ) Jack ? and now the figure be closer , almost recognizable ... and it look just like the super spy , everything about he be the same , the walk , the carriage , even the faint smile davey can barely make out on the man 's face . davey Jack ! and he father stoops down and grab he up in he arm , swinging he about , cradling the cry boy 's face in he son tant eps sian scene SE odt shou ar '' , athe , and there like that , embrace for what seem tike sevéra eee 's piharty her hold him Sue rr a little bit away from he , use he free hand to wipe davey 's tear away , and brush aside a few of he own at the same time . he smile almost wistfully at he son . davey get he first real good look at he father ; sure enough , it 's hal osborne , he face smudge with the smoke of the wreck , he hair singe by the fire , dischevile and batter , nothing very romantic about he at all . davey look at he hard , real joy and relief flooding he small boy 's face . he throw he arm around he father 's neck again , hold he as tightly as he can . davey dad ! how would you get out ? hal Jack flack always get out . continued # 02160 127 Rev. 7/29/83 ~ we 163 continued - 3 163 and they stand like that , father and son tearfully embrace as the plane burn away in the b.g. , Kim and Marilyn gardener racing toward they in the f.g. , the sound of fire engine and police car tear across the tarmac toward they , already rent the night air and somehow interrupt this very private , very personal moment between father and son . the end rtg rr om nbr a tie sir rr om see ree at ime ee sm Ip a neti attr tot hk be Rev. 8/6/83 #02160 cloak & dagger - script change please note the following name change throughout the script : lackland afb be now to be know as kelly afb opbst be now know as alvarez dio guardia be now know as fleming data point have now be change to textronics the schmeizer ( gun ) be now a uzl donkey kong video game and cassette be now to be know ( X ) as cloak & dagger no. 02160 exec . producer : Doc erickson ( formerly : # 00870 ) producer : allan carr August 3 , 1983 ~ cloak & dagger = ( formerly : the window ) revise final draft screenplay by tom holland as revise by bill phillip : ~ notice — this material be the property of universal CITY studio , inc . and be intended and restricted solely for studio use by studio personnel . distribution or disclosure of the material to unauthorized person be pro - hibited . the sale , copying or reproduction of this material in any form be also prohibited .