close encounters of the third kind by Paul schrader phillip production columbia picture colgem square burbank , california 91505 telephone : 213-843-6000 ‘oo ~close encounters of the tuitrd kind pre -credit 1 ext . site neither night nor day a £og-inshrouded knoll loom up from nowhere . its outline be hazy . a orangish glow hang on the horizon , the wind blow , the fog pass , yet nothing become clearer . be this a dream , a memory , a lose world , or one yet to be ‘ound ? somewhere , in the far reach of space , music be play . the note drift through space , collide , collude , and pass on . ) : the mood be ominous : something be go to happen here . . — CUT to : end pre -credit ‘\_ ) credit '' " 4 9 outer space the music stretch forward as we plunge into the outer reach of space . here we drift among world yet unseen by man , meteor flow past , supernovas explode and planet whirl endlessly about unknown star . CUT to : end credit 3 . int . laboratory day ( 1975 ) the sereen go to white . a tiny red dot appear then elongate and loop into a horseshoe formation . into . : the white dissolves '' be the pale shave skin of a man 's chest : '' , and the razor- thin red incision complete its horseshoe shape . co : two drop of con ; eal blood ooze out of the incision and be '' quickly absorb by a miniature blue surgical sponge . i a stainless steel clamp pull back the thin horseshoe flap of flesh and another clamp , guide by a surgically glove hand , insert a thin elreular sense , device under the skin , the flap of skin be replace over the sensor , * . 3 S continued we be in a sterile white laboratory somewhere in the present . Soft red and bluc light pulsate against bank of stainless steel machincry . paul vanowen , grimace slightly , look down at the incision in he lower leave breast . ' two white - coat doctor , lou hekman and haru miko , bend toward he chest , examine and suture the incision . vanqwen , seat on a long laboratory table , wear only grey pin-stripe wool trousers . James Paul vanowen , age 55 , have the study look of a man in complete control of he life . the wear line across he forehead be match by the streak of grey hair which stretch from he temple to the back of he head . his expression be laconic ; it reveal neither emotion nor attitude . he either . fully approve of what be now be do to he , or he be a stoicist beyond compare , have implant the sensor in vanowen 's chest , the doctor proceed to test it : a pulsate red oscilloscope - - beep , beep , beep -- monitor the newly implant sensor . nemut the the oscillescope = spectyesr nugcdls vibrate in the dormant position , Lou hekman select several strip of metal from a nearby table and systematically pass they in front of the implant sensor . copper , steel , gold , platinum . : : the oscilloscope and spectrograph register different value for each metal strip . the technician monitoring the electrograph look up and nod . he be satisfied . hekman return to the surgical work table . select another sensor ( a square thermocouple ) and walk back to the operate table . naru Mike have begin scrubbing and preping a shave area on vanowen 's upper leave breast , . Paul vanowen brace himself for the next incision , hekman poise he scapel . . CUT to : 7 % . ext , tom kiesel' front yard morning ( 1960 ) 3187 fade in : jtomkiesel , a 45 year - old physics teacher at clarenceville Community wigh School , stand in he crone yard on a pleasant Saturday morning , ue be weariny sear work pants and a wear blue flannel shire with the sleeve roll up . continued a superimpose title read : clarenceville , Indiana September , 1960 . a fade lawnchair and charcoal burner stand on the front porch of kiesel 's middle - class red brick ranch house . a oversize 1959 dodse with gigantic fin rest in the driveway , ené directly behind kiesel wait a old reo lawnmower . kiescl speak to the camera . he be relate a event which happen the previous night for a unseen interrogator . his monologue begin calmly enough , but as he get into the story he begin to relive the emotion he feel at the time : curiosity , uneasiness , then fear , his expression and gesture guide he as he relive this terrifying moment : kiesel my wife and I be drive home from the pta jie . meeting about 10:00 last night . in fact , I ee it be 10:00 cause the news have just come on the radio . I d try to relax , welze try issuc for enue new Science Building and be head of the department I have to justify the expense . as I say , it be pitch dark and I be try to let my mind go blank . Janice and I be come back on Three mile read . she sense it first . we have just pass mill and she say , " look at that light . " there be a sort of dim glow to we right and rear , she say , " that must be one of that ufo . " I be just about to tell she it must be a helicopter when it pull alongside of we and I could see it be not no helicopter at all . it be glide very smoothly about 500 yard to cur right , about 50 yard above 's the tree . that would be north , there be not doubting it cause it be the only light in the sky . at first I figure it muse be a illusion , I pull the car to the shoulder and cut the engine to get a better look , then I ‘heard it -- nothing at all . you know , if you be in the house alone at night and everything be still , there still be the sound of the live . but this thin : be there and there be not even the sound of the live , it be a erie perfeece quict , like nothing at all . Janice start to get scared , the light of the car go out and T start to get sear low , but I do not wane Janice co know , I get out of the ear and the first thing chat hit we be the hear , there be heat everywhere , like io be in the middle of the desert -- warm , dry air . 1 start toward . the object , lot have stop and be hover directly in ( con ' 't ) 4 continued kiesel ( co not ) front of I about 100 yard above the ground . I be a pilot in the War and see a lot and think I be not scared of anything , but let I tell you I be scared then , I have see just about every kind of aircraft there be and this be like noth I have ever see , it start to move slowly toward I , still not make a sound . it look like two huge pot cover place atop each other ... like this . it be make out of a dull grey metallic substance , like pewter or platinum , right on top there be a raise portion , like a hub , you know , and where the two pot cover meet there be a thin row , not a row exactly , more like a continuous band of blue light . it slowly keep come closer and I want to run but my leg would not move , I do not know what be go to happen , later Janice say she try to start the car but it would not turn over . the object be blotting out the whole sky , then it suddeniv shot up vertically at . a fantastic speed . in a cot second it gonc , it head northeast . i folic its azimuth with my hand and it cover at ! eest thirty degree in two second , which , if I know anything , would put it at at least 5,000 mile per hour . listen , I have flewn a dozen different plane and study astronomy and I know that be not no kinc of plane or star or meteor . it be something else . officer , but I do not know what . L have never see anything like it before . I be a good Christian man .*---. I do not lie . . . kiesel stare forlornly at the camera a moment , wait for a answer which do not come , time CUT ; two cleenceville police officer , haley lawson and jonn gouda , wave goodbye to kiesel and walk across the lawn to they patrol car . kiesel watch they get in , inside the patrol car , lawson start the engine as gouda thunps he note pad against the dashboard in nervous frustration : gouda je-sus . CUT to : int . police station day the small clarenceville police station be a hubbub of activity as officer lawson and gouda enter . a motley assortment of businessman , tecnager and housewiue be gather ' about a few beleaguere note-scribble officer . they gesture and agitation indicate they be describe they encounter with fly saucer . clarenceville be in the vniddle of a ufo flap . amid the clammer of voice one woman 's voice stand out : anonymous woman well , I know it be a ufo because right across the side be the perfectly clear letter : u-f - 0. claude AMES , who have be listen in on the ufo witness , walk over to lawson and gouda as they enter . Ames , a 25 yearsold stringer for the Chicago tribune , be " well - dress " in the fashi of the day : irridescent blue rayon trousers and a pink stripe tap - collar shirt . AMES keer you boy busy ? lawson Ames ! you here already ? AMES Word travel fast . the Indianapolis Bureau say you be have a ufo flap down here . gouda then you know as much as we do . AMES whexe you come from ? lawson Tom kiesel 's place . you be there yet ? AMES yeah , stop by on the way in . wow many eye witness do you have ? lawson couple- four su far . kiesel and he wife , the junior high lid who take the picture and loraine blakely , but she 's crazy anyway '' what do you think ? 5 continuid AMES . t about the ufo ? ' lawson : about kiesel . you talk to he , j : AMES I be not pay to think , you can understand that , gouda . gouda nerd . } lawson seriously . poo : AMES i I be wait until the Air Force come . maybe { it 's a sputnik or some sort of weather ballon . ds * gouda ne Whore the ais forse ? — re 20 Police caption JOHN maple , a harry man about 40 , interrupt they conversation : maple you free , lawson ? lawson what 's up ? '' maple go over to Jack este ' place . he 's be call up every fiftcen minute , lawson what happen ? maple more of they ... ( can not say the word ) .. whirlymajigs . : ) gouda _ - Flying saucer ? — maple i yeah , - Captain maple walk off , lawson turn to Ames : cee ee 5 continued lawson that make five , AMES can I join you boy on this one , Haley ? - lawson sure . come along . CUT to : ext , | clarenceville MAIN STREET day lawson , gouda and Ames cross the sidewalk in front of the station and climb into a police car . clarenceville be what writer would call a " sleepy little town , " except this morning it 's wide awake . the camera track dow the main street , pick up some local color : -- a large pester of Richard Nixon hang in the window of the storefront Republican campaign headquarters . underneath the hate be omblonen the word " integzity 's and ' monescy . '' pass a nearby telephone pole we see a flyer bear a unflatter picture of John f. Kennedy . it read : " can a2 Catholic be President ? " -- down the strect a cluster of preteen boy hang over they bicycle . a transistor radio hang over one of they handle bar play " itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka dot bikini . " they joke with each other , imitate the motion of fly saucer -- a car of curiosity seeker amble down the street , -- Three or four local merchant weightily discuss the recent development , . CUT to : ext . jack este ' farm day jack este , a 60 year - old farmer , be lead lawson , gouda and Ames across the field behind he farm . his house , barn and a scatter of farm animal can be scen in the distance . este , a garolous old galoot , be dress in ragtag work clothes . nis crusty dalmation stand by he side . the officer listen tolerantly as este relate he expansive tale : - = continued este ( gesture ) it come over this way , just over the tree , bobbin and a weavin like a fish on a line . at first it be all big and round , like a giant cookie , then it flatten out and glow all pinkish , sort of , and make a horrible screechy sound -- screrece ! scare I and my dog Jim here . all the animal be just whoopin and a brayin . ( cont ) este lead the trio to a circle of matte and slightly singe grass . this be somewhat surprising to they , since they have assume that it be este ' senile imagination , not the fly saucer , which have take flight . lawson and gouda examine the ground , este ( co not ) it be right here she land . this be a small cifrle , but the saucer wes much bigger . this heré be where the exhaust come out . gouda the exhaust ? este : like a blue or purple flame , like a gas burner . I do not know what they want but they be not gonna get it from I . TI hit back toward the house to get the 12 guage , and it be when I come back that I notice nell III be go . 11 lawson nell ? . . este . the third . my cow . the first and second ame die off . she have be graze right out here where the saucer come . 1 be go to run she in earlier , buc I do not . now she 's go , - lawson . ( look around ) she must be around here somewhere , probably just get spook , este nope . I look all over . she 's go alright . they take she , they lo continued — they ? lawson hey ? este the space creature . they be go when I come back -- and so be nell. ( look around ) whatsthematter ? do not you believe I ? gouda ( dense ) I think it 's a buncha hooey . este you callt I a lier ? lawson no , Mr. este . it 's just a little hard to believe that space creature come and take you old cow , este amon get he cow stcle and the police will not do anything avout it , Shee - it . lawson ( calming he ) now , Mr. este . este ( angrier ) . what country be this ? be this the United States of America ? be this the land of the free ? be this a country where a man can get he cow steal and the police stand around farting into the wind ? in a effort to . calm down este , lawson get out he pad and pencil and say officiously : lawson alright , Mr. este . now exactly what do nell til look like ? CUT to : 10 . ext . clarenceville MAIN STREET afternoon one night of sighting have turn sleepy clarenceville into a circus town . the main street be jamme with car and curiosity - secker . they strain they neck out the window window , gawk at the pedestrian , who gawk right back . all the fringy have descend upon c1arenceville : the curious , the sick , and the ufophile . one enterprise man have park he batter old plymouth " ufomobile " at the curb and be hawk all manners of outlandish ufo literature ( " I make Love to a Space creature ) from he open trunk . further down the street a congregation of the infirm patiently await its extraterrestial savior , one woman be on crutch , another man in a wheelchair , and so on , : giant hand - lettere sign have be tack up here and there read : . Prof. robt. Allen Smith will lecture on the subject " Flying saucer be Real " tomorrow night at sloan : field $ 1 8:00 pm as the camera track past the window of the clarenceville Press , we see Claude Ames inside talk on the phone . CUT to : int . clarenceville PRESS afternoon , , Ames have a coffee cup in one hand and a telephone in the other . Notes and photograph be scattered across the desk beside he . a crusty old local reporter watch he without - comment from a wear office chair , AMES do not worry , do not . worry , I will file the rest by 10:00 . ( a beat ) it 's a goddam . circus down here , Harry . every sickic within fifty mile have show up hope to get a cure , ( a beat ) extraterrestial vibration , I guess . the lane , the halt , the blind , they be all here , be it always like this after ufo flap ? ( a beat ) no , the Air Force be not here yee , ( con 't ) : | 's t 9 continued . the reporter 11 . AMES ( co not ) . they be send some people ? great . they should be here now , this ufo report be like fish storey , they keep get bigger . ( a beat ) I do not know , Harry , it 's strange . it 's like somebody 's Pen eae ) ee on this whole town . a beat ok , ok , I '1l stay with it . do not worry . talk to you later . Ames hang up the phone and turn to the crusty reporter : AMES the Air Force be send some investigator . nod expressionlessly . AMES do you ever have anything like this in clarenceville before ? old reporter no , sir . not that I remember , AMES do you see any ufo ? old reporter yep . AMES what be you go to do ? old reporter I be go to write a book about it , AMES nave you file you story ? old reporter nope , AMES have you notify the police ? old reporter nope , on 9 10 12 . continued AMES ( enthuse ) can I have the story ? I be a stringer for the Chicago trib . old reporter nope . AMES why not ? old reporter I be save it for my book , Ames turn and throw up he arm in frustration . : CUT to : ext . dayton church morning , a stately white colenial church . organ music sift softly throug ! the morning air . Middle America on a Sunday morning . suddely , the door swing wide open and the organ music pour out into the street . nd hexry schuur , about 50 , step outside and greet he ener as they file past . revere paris among he parishoner be Air Force Lieutenant Paul vanowen , ase 40 , he wife sharon and they 8 year - old daughter becky . vanowen shake hand with the reverend and stride briskly outdoors . . . vanqven be wear regulation af shoe , trousers , shirt and tie with a pattern summer sportcoat . as he step out into the sun he seem not only much young than when we first see he , but also more casual and easygoing . the brood gaze , the defensive gait , the grey hair and wrinkle be all still year in the future . wet . . . a shiny new regulation blue usaf , chevrolect station wagon be wait at the curb for vanowen . the word '' Air Force Intelligence Center , wripbe-patterson afb , dayton , 0 . " be stencile on the door , behind the wheel , $ / sgt . bill nigby , about 30 , wait for vanowen . Paul vanowen , remove he sportcoat as he walk , stride direetly toward the station waron , nighy get out of the car ' and hold out a freshly pr d Air foree coat and cap for vandowen , vec hunge cor . vanowen pive - hipby he sportcoat and - pue - ow he af coat and cap . ne be now in full dress uniform , ~~ ae 11 13 . continued vanowen kiss he wife and daughter goodbye , he get behind the wheel and drive off with lligby . Sharon and Becky watch the station wagon pull away , CUT to : ext . highway _ morning the station wagon head south toward clarenceville . seat beside vanowen , Bill higby load a 35 mm still camera . higby be a recognizable type : the constipate career officer . the kind of guy who can read a paperback novel without once erack the spine . : a stack of papers , file and newspaper lie on the beat between they , on top be a fold copy of the Sunday Chicago tribune . it carry a 3 - column photo of the clarenceville ufo ( a ill - define glow object ) and the headline , " Indiana town get ufo fever , " the story carry Claude Ames ' - byline . the rear of the station wagon be stack with suitcase , box , file , form and electrenic equipment . vanowen and higby sit comfortably beside each other . they relationship be a professional one ; they have work together for some time and feel no particular need to make conversation . higby finally break the silence : : 1 hegby '' sorry westet to pull you away from you family like this ... '' vanowen ah , nothing lose anyway . just another Sunday afternoon at home . this be much more interesting . how do it shape up ? . higby . average . 1 be go through some of the report before . some good , some bad , there 's one nice report from a physics teacher , and a couple of looney one . there 's one real zinger . vanowen a all -timer ? : higry not quite a all - timec . jwraine blakely , something , of the town crackpot , she say it 's all a atlempt to defeat Kennedy . the space people tell she so , she sav Nixon be sene by 14 , continued vanowen nod knowingly and keep drive . CUT to : int . police station day vanowen , higby , lawson and Captain maple sit and stand in maple 's office . . nighy have a camera round he neck and take picture of maple and lawson as they talk . in fact , we will find he snap the picture of just about everybody he meet . maple I sure appreciate you come Lieutenant vanowen . this have be one helluva mess . vanowen be check off several name he have write on a notepad : vanowen let 's see who we have for sure , there 's Tom kiesel and he wire Janice , there 's Jimmy Simpson , the kid who teak the pieture , lorain blakely , whe t'aa go to put of Z calning lo as long as possibie , and Jack este , the suy with the cow . . : lawson nell iil . maple yeah , but I would not take old Jack too seriously . a couple year ago he be convinced the chinese reds be steal he carrot . he say the chinese have dig a hole through the center of the earth and that they would crawl up by night , sec , and grab the end of he carrot by the root ... ( gesture ) and , zip ! , yank they back down to China , we finally have to send gouda out there for a whole night to watch Jack 's carrot patch with he before he be convinced . . ~ vanowen whew , you get ' tom alright . ufo sighting always bring the loony oue of the woodwork . but T want to check out this Jack este thing , anyway . there 's suppose to be some secondary evidence . ( a bear ) do anybody get che negative from the kid who shot the picture ? 12 ) continued 15 , lawson no . vanowen we will have to do that , all the evidence be government property . we have to go over everything . ( to maple ) can I borrow Officer lawson here for the day ? it will make thing easier . maple take my whole force . you can not imagine what it 's be like the last day and a half . ( seriously ) ' what exactly do happen here , Lieutenant ? - vanowen I do not know , that 's not even my job . I be just a field investigator . I just collect all the fact and pass they on . lawson I '21 tell you , Lieutenant , I be start to be ~ + belief this stuii iyseif , . vanowen be the reporter from the Chicago trib still in town ? . lawson Claude Ames ? sure . I think so . '' vanowen I would like to talk to he too , in addition , we would like to have all the witness , any witness at all , get together for a general meeting here tomorrow morning at 9:00 , they move toward the door , vanowen one other thing , Captain , maple you name it , Lieutenant . vanowen please instruet you officer not to speak to anyone from the news media , this be a official Air Force matter now , there may be top secret information involved , who know what we be deal with ? ) there may even be national security consid - eratiave W dee uvernren ta Wan aveteeevenntenel frye crunsrveae mane fave ' 12 13 14 16 . continued maple of course . CUT to : ext . clarenceville MAIN STREET day vanowen , higby and lawson make they way through the pedestrian toward vanowen 's station wagon . as they walk they find a town increasingly go carnival . newsboys hawk a special " ufo extra " of the clarenceville Press . Simpson 's drug store advertise its " ufo sundae . " the poster promote Prof. Smith 's ufo lecture have be update to read " tonight . " tourist walk in pack down the sidewalk . a bumper sticker on a pass out - of- state car read : '' flying saucers be real the . AIR force doesn't exist vanowen threws he arm around higby and lawson in a friendly facture os they walk , CUT to : int . '' jimmy simpson " g home day a montage sequence show vanowen , higby and lawson interview various ufo witness . they stl stand in the Simpson 's middle - class live room as vanowen admiringly examine the brownie starflex with which the 12 year - old jimmy simpson take the ufo photo . Jimmy 's proud parent watch on . vanowen place Jimmy 's negative into a envelope mark " top seeret . " higby take a picture of jimny pose with he 8x10 glossy and he beam parent . CUT to : ext . jack este ' farm day vanowen and higby colleet dirt and grass sample from the areca where este claim the fly saucer land , vanowen and lawson walk across the landscape listen tolerantly to the cxpansively gesture , este as lligby snap more photo . . este pose with a artist 's representation of the ufo he see and uigby take he picture , : pe 15 16 7 . cont inued - here , as in Jimmy Simpson 's home , vanowen 's modus operanti seem design as much to make the witness feel important as it be to get the fact . van0wen have be select for he job because he talent be psychological as well as technical . CUT to : ext . country road day vanowen , higby , Tom and janice kiesel walk across a grassy area fifty foot off the side of a two - lane country road . Tom be talk , vanowen be dudifully listen and higby be snap picture . they turn and walk back toward the shoulder where vanowen 's station wagon and kiesel 's ' 59 dodge be park , Officer lawson be catch a catnap in the front seat of the station wagon . vanowen be carry a plastic bag contain a odd - shape scrap of metal . kiesel walk beside he , a bulky ufo report form in he hand , higby lag a little behind . : vanquen owen be this the car you be drive , Mr. kiesel ? kiesel yes . vanowen . we would like to borrow if for a couple hour , if we may . ( calli by ) . call to higby Bill ? higby - ( catch up ) yes ? vanowen find a mechanic to go over Tom 's car from top to battom , see if there be any possibility of ignition or engine failure , kiesel you do think my car stall of its own , do you ? . vanowen I have pot to check it out , it 's my job , this be a very good repert , Tom , one of the most lucid encounter of the first kind we have have , kiesel Jan Mo 's . 18 , 16 continued vanowen that 's just Air Force jargon . a Close encounter of the first kind be simply a close range sighting where a clearly identifiable object be see , we get a report of a second kind encounter at Jack este ' farm , but there have not be any vali¢ third kind report in this series of sighting . a Close encounter of the second kind be where there be material evidence , such as soil depression , burrt grass and so on . if we could prove you car stall without mechanical reason , it would make yours a encounter of the second kind . kiesel and the third kind ? vanowen . a Close encounter of the third kind be one in which some form of extraterrestial life be see , humanoid or otherwise . very few of this be eredible , kiesel gesture to the plastic bag contain the serap of metal : , kiesel what be you go to do with that ? _ vanowen we send all the sample on to the Research and development Lab , they file a report . kiesel could I have it back when they be finish . I would like to use it in my class . we take a closer look a the scrap of metal : it do seem quite peculiar , , vanowen honestly , I forward this stuff and never see it again , but I will pass along you request . I be sure something can be do , vanowen place the plastic bag contain the metal into the back of the station wagon with the other equipment , camera close on the odd scrap of metal . CUT to : : 19 . C 17 ~=oint . simpson' drug store afternoon the malt shop , circa 1960 .. the local teen crowd be kill off what remain of a Sunday afternoon by hang around , tell joke , ay play the old wurlitzer . Paul vanowen and Claude Ames sit in a corner booth sip coffee . vanowen motion toward the Chicago tribune which lie of the table before he : vanowen now be this any way to run a paper ? Three - fourth of this stuff be hearsay and the rest be gossip . " the object have blue glow light and travel at speed up to 9,000 mile per hour . " " what kind of crap be that ? AMES Lieutenant ... vanowen . . ( amiable ) - call I Paul , ne vanowen hes a frightening ability to make split-second tactical shift from stern to conciliatory pose . Ames be disarmea py vanowen 's inanner , but determine to hold he own against this older and more experience oponent . AMES give I some straight information then . I have get to file another story by 9:00 . TI can only write what I hear and see , vanowen honestly , Claude , there 's no more information I can give you . there 's nothing to write about herc . just people see thing in the sky , it happen all the time . . AMES alright , you want " fact . '' then answer I some straight question . vanowen anything . ask . '' AMES ~ the Air foree run a check on air activity last Friday night , right ? vanowen - yes , nee 17 continued 20 . AMES be there any jet from jefferson or wright - Patterson in the areca ? vanowen no . AMES be there any commercial plane in the vicinity ? any private aircraft ? vanowen no . not that I know of . AMES any sputnik or weather ballon ? vanowen no . AMES . ( a beat for emphasis ) then what the hell be up there ? vanowen if you be a good reporter , you would investigate the other possibility , Claude . plasmas , electrostasis , corona discharge , secret flight maneuver , sundog , optical mirage , as loom , lenticular cloud formation , meteor , hallucinaticn . AMES ( a beat ) you be really try to deceive I , be not you ? vanowen why would I deceive you ? I be a good church - go man , I just want to find the truth . AMES there 's no way you would except the reality of fly saucer , be there ? vanowen Claude , how can you say that ? I can not even answer that question . my job require total objectivity . AMES ( a beat ) vanowen , you be a worthy antagonist . cut to : of ' 21 . '' 18 int . . motel room early evening paper , file and toiletry be all neatly stack on the dresser in vanowen 's motel room , vanowen be comfortably slouched in a tacky motel chair with a telephone receiver wedge into the crook of he neck , with one hand he hold a cigarette and with the other absent - mindedly work a crossword puzzle as he talk on the phone . but most of all , vanowen seem to be rest he mind : he be a man capable of accomplish many task simultaneously . he seem blithley uninterested in the conversation he be have ; he answer be only of the most perfuctory and obligatory nature . between snatch of conversation , vanowen take short puff on ) he cigarette , he also manage to solve three crossword before the conversation be over , U : vanowen " Bout the same . everything seem to be in order , I '11 be back by Tuesday , Wednesday at : the latest ... how 's everything at home ?... that 's nice , . , she do ?...0h ... ok , sure ... well , do co : what you think best ... I trust you judgement .. sure , sure , thot will be alright .... whatever you 's want ... of course ... no , I be not upset , dear ... i yes , everything 's alright . how 's Becky ?... good , put she on ... Becky ?... be a good girl , puddin ' ? , . , that 's nice ... she do ?...oh ... well , I be proud of you ... be a good girl , now . daddy love you ... , of course .. , put mommy back on the phone now ... hello , Sharon ?... ( con 't ) Bill higby stick he head in the open door . vanowen wave he in . . vanowen . ( co not ) yes , it 's no problem ... listen , I have get to ving off now , dear . Bill 's ready to go ... yes , I will ... do not worry ... goodbye , love . vanowen cradle the phone and look up at nigby . vanowen you all set ? os higby yeah , I be leave . vanowen - I be poing over to hear che lecture at sloan waa avneve ast bt ow taeh ete tee ae wee te veen ene { on ‘( 218 contintued — ~r = ye 19 23 22 . higby I will see you later then . vanowen Bill ? higby yes ? vanowen ( look at the crossword ) what 's a five - letter word for meaningless ? it take higby a second to realize vanowen 's question be rhetorical . cuut to : ext . sloan field evening the sign above sloan field read ; Robert Allen Smith '' ufo be real " vanowen , Ames , lawson and gouda stand in one of the two li lead to the small municipal baseball field . will aane vanoven foke with Ames and gouda as they pass through the turnstile . vanowen have slip back into he role as the artful Air Force public relation man . , CUT to : int . sloan field evening the citizen and tourist of clarenceville be take they place in sloan field , among the face in the crowd we recognize that of Tom and Janice kiesel , Jimmy Simpson and he parent , and some teenager from the malt shop . tarps , blanket and cushion have be place over the play field . ' the spectator have be encourage to lie on the field so they can watch the star as prof . Smith speak , the older spectator assume seat in the bleacher while the young ' and more adventerous one lie on the play area , Ames , lawson , gorida and vanowen be uncertain where to sit . gouda look for a seat in the stand while Ames head toward the cushion , AMES . common , gouda , let 's lie on the play field . a '' ty ow es 's , 23 , 23 . continued gouda you kiddin ? I lie down on the ground ? I be a officer of the law ? lawson la-te- da , vanowen ( joke ) . you mean the guy they send out to watch Jack este ' carrot all night long ? gouda ( hurt ) who tell you that story ? AMES commen , gouda , sit down . they compromise by proping themselves up against the first . row of seat , vanowen watch the podium . tinecut : the field light have be dimme and prof . Robert Allen Smith be sveaking from the spotlighted vodium . behind he be a giant slide screen upon which have be project a photograph of a ufo . we cut into Smith 's speech : prof . smith now turn you eye to the sky , vanowen , Ames , lawson and gouda comply , as do we . it be a rich , dark stary night . prof smith 0.s , there be aproximately 150 billion star in we galaxy , of which the sun be but one medium - size member , use the law of probability , astronomer - have estimate there be a minimum of 100,000 planet in we galany with life - support atmesphere indentical to Earth 's . and there be at least 3,000 more know galaxy , some as far as 30 million light - year away ... suddenly , as prof , Smith speak , three glowing blue ligit move in slow progression across the sky . one. two . Three , a shocked silence fill the ball park , then prof , Smith 's hushed voice be overhear aver the loudspeaker system : prof , smith 0.s. no -ly cow. 23 26 24 , continued the ufo pass slowly over the stadium , exclamation of fright and surprise be wem hear everywhere . a child call , " they be back : prof , smith doc anyone have a camera ? be there a camera in the house ? please take picture immediately . Ames be already on he foot snap picture with a miniature pocket camera . gouda stare in wide - mouth awe , vanqvwen , take a more objective view , watch without comment . the blue light fade into the western sky , Ames make a mad rush for exit . mass confusion reign . spectator turn to vanowen for he opinion but he indicate he be as baffle as the next person . CUT to : ext . sloan field night 4 few car ( include Ames ' ) screech out of the park sing lot in the general direction of the ufo . lawson and gouda try to direct the hopelessly emesh traffic in the sloan fieid parking lot . CUT to : ext . clarenceville MAIN STREET night pedestien and driver stand watch the fade blue light . Ames ! car be park at a odd ' angle in front of the clarenceville Press office , Inside we see he talk on the phone . CUT to : int . clarenceville PRESS night the clock above Ames ! head read 9:00 . a reporter at the night desk listen as Ames speak : AMES yeah , narry , I know , I know , can we still make the morning edition ? ( a beat ) well , this be a special . there 's be more sightinys here , put a stenographer on the extension , ( con 't ) " a. loo 26 28 25 . continued AMES ( co not ) just a couple minute ago . I see they . along with 500 other . : ( a beat ) ok , be you ready ? take it from here : ( he pause to collect he tought ) " the saucer have return to clarenceville , Indiana . five hundred spectator at a municipal baseball field see a regular pattern of three blue saucer - shape disc move at great speed from east to west . '' New paragraph . ( a beat ) " this reporter be among they ... . " . Ames be more than satisfied with himself . this be the scoop of he young career . by tomorrow evening he name will be in every paper in the country , : CUT to : ext , hill overlooking sloan field night Bill lligby stand behind the af station wagon on 4 hill overlook sloan field . in the distance we see the massive traffic jam and hear the honk horn . higby hold up a large metal cup cover with fold blue rubber . , he sharpely pull a wire on the bottom of the cup and the rubber immediately inflate with a hiss sound into a large glow blue helium - fill balloon . higby let the balloon go and it shoot quickly upward and drift in the general direction of sloan field . higby quickly slam the rear gate of the station wagon and , take one last glance at the airbownd balloon , get into the front seat and drive away , the balloon drift on , look indentically like the pseudo - saucer which throw sloan field into a panic . all in all , a very successful hoax . cut to : ext . outskirt of town night weplod a the firse three ufo ballon pep : one by one and glide toward the carth , clarenceville ufophile , follow the balloon by car , drive in the direction of the descend " saucer , " 28 29 26 , continued = qne by one , the balloon return to earth . the first crash in front of a dimly gas station at a rural intersection , the " aly saucer " lie in the middle of the road , a helpless mass of blue rubber , mangle metal and miniature blue light . a gas station attendant and hanger - on move cautiously toward the fall saucer , several car pull up and they passenger get out to inspect the object . yitaadypr ces rss they ali cautiously circle the fall ufo . they nee = inch fearfully toward it as if it might emit some dread fora of radiation . in the crowd we hear such comment as : spectator what be it ? . spectator watch out . do not go too close . . spectator mayhe we shovld call the police . . spectator do not touch it . : spectator maybe they be real small . CUT to : int . police station morning vanowen have assemble the ufo witness . for a group meeting . '' look around the room we see Tom and Janice kiesel , Jack este , Jimmy Simpson and a dozen or so other . Claude Ames , chagrine , sit in a back corner . vanowen stand to speak ; nigby sit at he side , we have several 8x10 glossy in he hand . a fold copy of the morning edition of the Chicago tribune be tuck into he back pocket . vanowen I be sorry to drag you all down here , but there 's some confusion in my mind and there be some thing I would like to per straipht , we have receive the initial finding of che research Lab in dayton and 1'd like to yee you feel 's on they , ( con ' 't ) . ' 27 . 29 ° continued vanowen ( co not ) there be a possibility that a large , rare : uniqucly - form plasma pass over this area ' last friday night , a Air Force pilot report a plasma 50 to 100 foot in diameter over cincinati and move west at 2100 hour friday . ple rept mectaa : meer arevme no one know exactly why thee 's occur ; no one can predict how they will act . a plasma be a dense mass of highly ionize air . under certain freak condition , such as thunderstorm , oxygen molecule can loose electron , geetrguthrerersret d , postrivewttresse . the result chain reaction produce a compact mass of electrify air , the excess electron be in turn pick up by dirt , particle , salt crystal or even insect , cause : they to glow in color proportional to they chemical composition . plasmas , of course , have long exist in the familiar form know as ball lighting . but in recent year there have be a mark increase of plasm ecurring around newly - develone bigh - tension p . line , that be call corsage cis wy . tox > _have also be know to emit plasmas . scientist be recently able to create plasmas use amonia and natural gas - - a combination which can be find over newly fertilize farm land . the morehead planitariua have develop synthetic plasmas with control electric discharge in gas-fill tube . this , for example , be a picture of a plasma artificially induce by the Atomic Energy Commission . ( show photo ) and here be a photo of a naturally occur plasma take from a height of 30,000 foot . - ( show photo ) and here be the picture jinmy Simpson take of the ufo which appearcd over , clarencevjlle last friday . '' ( show photo ) all three photo look remarkably similiar . vanowen be present he evidence as skillfully as a courtroom lawyer . vanowen the similarity be remarkable . now this be just a hypothesis , only one of many . I wish to make no i ~~ more of it than to emphasize the fact . that all the of ae quality aseribe to friday 's ufo can also apply * to a freak plasma , such as the one over cineinati : a ) they can hover , glow in color , ' travel at great i speed , touch ground , burn grass , induce static , i * cause engine to shore out . . 's : : : ( con ''t ) 29 28 . continued vanowen ( co not ) and , of course , there be other possibility . I will not even go into the possibility of a nasty and vicious hoak , such as the one which be perpetrate on the citizen of clarenceville ast night , a hoax which even fool a reporter from one of the country 's most prestigious newspaper . Claude amc hang he head in shame , vanowen have the secret smile of a man who be scoring point and know it . timecut : ic be a little later in vanqwen 's presentation . have make he case , he be now artfully turn the various witness against each other - - all in the pursuit of acurate information . higby watch on silently ; he have see this routine work before . : vanowen in look over the report , I be strike by several discrepensy . Tom , you report the oject glow blue and make no sound whatsoever ? kiesel yes . vanowen and , Jack , the saucer that land on you farm have a large pink dome and make a screechy noise , do not it ? _ es its erck that 's right . . vanowen Jimmy Simpson say it glow a dim white , and he excellent photo bear that out . Mrs. blakely say that the object be cigar - shape and have red port - hole . I do not doubt what anybody have reportad , I just wonder if you might have something more to add . Tom ? kiesel it wus so quick , you know . one can never be 100 % sure . vanowen but - it be sort of red , be not it Jack ? este lot could have be a sort of bluish red . my mey aintt so hot on color . for ; ) 29 30 29 , continued - vanowen pause a moment , let this contradiction sink in . look around the room , he find a much subdued audience . he go in for the kill : , . vanowen now I be not exclude the possibility of space ship , but we have to look at the evidence in the cold light of day ... CUT to : int . police station . day the witness , discuss the meeting , file out of the room . one voice say , " well , I still believe in fly saucer . " vanowen walk out with he arm around the much chagrine Claude Ames , vanowen have a fold copy of the trib in he hand . the headline read , " trib reporter eye-witness to clarenceville saucer , " AMES I be sorry , Paul , I should have check it out more . lot 'li never happen again , next time I will be more careful , vanowen . it 's nothing , Claude . anybody can make a mistake , live and learn . es the trib 's run a retraction tomorrow . I be go to write the follow - up story myself . try to salvage my reputation , : vanowen I will do you a favor , Claude . you need a break . - i'll rush you the lab report as soon as they come out this afternoon . that way you can beat the other papers by a day . / AMES ney , thanks a lot , that 's great . vanowln you see , we be not adversary after all , CUT to : 30 . ext , country road dusk the af station wagon be park on a obscure dirt pull - off from a two - lane country road . vanqwen and higby stand behind the wagon . two good ol ' boy , clemson and manse , be seat on the fold - down rear gate , each man be wrap in tin foil to he neck . to top off the totally absurd effect , they wear beenie cap with small blue light bulb on top . manse Clem , I feel so stupid do this . clemson Hell , manse , if you do not feel stupid you would not feel at all . ( chortle ) Clem , already slightly in he cup , take another swig of esra benson and hand the bottle back to vanowen - - who also tug at it . vanowen I be sure glad this job do not require a Civil service exam . you boy would never make it . mayer . passe Hell , Lieutenant , I only do this for you . : : vanowen - : and the money . . clemson and the money . ( chortle ) vanowen common , boy , let 's finish the job . clemson one more tug , lieutenanet , please . vanowen alright . vandwen hand the ezra benson to Clem who take a deep swig and pass it over to manse who also have a drink . higby wrap mana 's head in tin foil . soon all that remain of he in the small blue bulb atop he head . then higby start on cler manse ( through tin foil ) you take care of the woney , Lieutenant ? co 31 . 73 ~ '' " 31 continued vanowen ie will be send to you after it 's all blow over , manse . awh , can not I and Clem have a little now , vanowen you know the rule , manse . manse sheeit . '' CUT to : 32 ext . ~ another country road night vanowen and higby drive the tin foil Men down another dark country road , check the shoulder and see a house light in the distance , to '' *y vanowen find a good spot and pull over . . vanoven , alright , boy , this be the end of the line . " clemson ( drunk ) ' where be we ? vanowen good only know . vanowen and higby help Clem and manse out of the back seat . they sct they face forward on the shoulder of the road . vanowen can you see the road ? manse I think so . vanowen good . stay off the road . ust shuffle down the shoulder , Real slow . pm ! clemson , where be we ? manse shut up , Clem , - we eee , oo we ) ~ i 32 33 32 . continued vandowen flip a switch on cach of they foil - cover beeny and the little blue light begin blink on and off . vanowen set Clem and manse on course , vanowen and nigby say goodbye and get into the station wagon and drive away , the tin foil Men shuffle down the shoulder , the blue light blink against they shiny body . tipsy Clem waver along at manse 's side , CUT to : ext . phone booth night vanowen and higby stop by a phone booth outside they motel . the motel be on a highway mile ewep from clarenceville . vanowen step into the booth and place a call . when the other . party answer , vanowen alter he voice , imitate a hysterical peckerwood : varch be this the po-iice ? oh , lordy . lordy , lordy . I see them . they land . they come from outer space . they be all shiny and glowin with blue eye , they be come down Route 19 right now . oh , lordy , lordy , help we . ( a beat ) no , officer , - I be not a-crazy . I see ‘em , and now they be gonna get I ! ( a beat ) this be ike tindal . wait ! I get to hang up now ! ( slam receiver down ) '' vanowen compose himself and walk back to higby who stand by the car . vanowen : you mighe as well go back to dayton with the rest of this sample . ' the motel manager will drive you to the airport . i'11 wait this thing out and drive back comorrow or the next day . nigby Roger . they get inco the car and drive toward the motel , cuT to : ~) 34 33 . ext , route 19 night a clarcnceville patrol car speed down Route 19 . officer lawson and gouda scan the road intensly as the pass . suddenly , ahead they see two silver spacemen with flash blue head . lawson quickly break the car to a crawl . gouda draw he gun . gouda ( frighten ) oh , my God . it 's they , what will we do ? lawson do not panic , lawson cut the headlight and slowly approach the tin foil Men from the rear , gouda load the shotgun with tremble hand . , lawson pull the patrol car to the side of the road and park it . lawson and gouda epen they door and kneel beside the car , lawson reach in and pull out the mike : , lawsow car 2 , car 2 to headquarters . be approach what appear to be two space creature walk on Route 19 approximately 1000 yard west of six mile Road . appearizg to have glwo humanoid - shape with flash blue head . ( a beat ) flash blue head . ( a beat ) will do . 10 - 4. ( hang up mike ) gouda what do they say ? : lawson try to take they alive . gouda shit , gun draw , lawson and gouda inch they way toward the tin foil Men . come up behind Clem and manse , lawson and gouda point they gun and stand up straighe . couda nale in the name of the United States of America , '' we be a peaceful country . . 34 35 continued Clem and manse awkwardly turn in they tin foil costume . Clem , still tipsy , trip over he foot and t.mbles to the ground . manse call through the tin foil : manse do not shoot , officer . do not shoot . we be earth people . manse pull down the tin foil revealing he face : ' manse do not shoot . we be human people . lawson and gouda lower they gun , . CUT to : int . '' police station night Clem and manse sit side by side in a interrogation rcom . stand around they be lawson , gouda and Captain maple . Clem and manse stare dumbly up at they , interrogator . they beenie cap have be cemove and the tin foil be stripped below they neck , maple so this be you idea of a joke ? lawson where you boy from ? manse kentucky , sir . gouda where in kentucky ? manse custer , maple what do you think you be do , dress up like that ? clemson Hell , capt and , we wuz jus havin a lite 's ) fun . gouda you think itt funny to scare people half crazy ? you should of hear the poor man who call here . manse we din mean no harm , capt and , 35 . 35 continued Captain maple walk into another room , pick up a phone and dial . after a moment there be a answer . maple hello , Lieutenant vanowen ? could you come down to the station . this be Captain maple . sorry to bother you like this , but there 's a couple a boy here I think you should talk to . . ( a beat ) thanks . see you in twenty minute then . ( hang up ) cut to : 36 ext . dark road night Paul vanowen drive across the dark country road toward clarenceville . he appear calm and content with himself . a job well do . . vanowen drive along for quite some time before he sense something strange . nothing precise exactly . a odd feel in the air , the sense of someone follow he . feeling heat on the back of he head , vanowen rub he neck . a florescent glow seem to shine momentarily into the back of the station wagon , but when he turn around to look , it be go . driving on , he feel ' heat all around he , he look at the water temperature guage : it be rise . : there scem to be a faint blue glow alll around the station wagon . vanowen strain he head out the window to lcok behind he , but see nothing . he check the battery gauge : it be discharge rapidly . aws : wat the glow grow warmer , vanowen , he speedometer fall steadily : 60-55-50 - 45 , ileépress the accelerator to the floor , but the car continue to dééelerate : 40-35-30 . he recheck the gauge . the water temperature read " hot " and the battery be fully discharge : the engine begin to sputter , vanowen pump the accelerator but the station wagon only sputter more -- then conk out . he slowly guide the dead car onto the shoulder , the car come to a halt . the interior and exterior car light suddenly go dark , bue there be still a strange light softly flooding the area ; a bluc glow . he feel the sweat on he face . vanowen open he door and step outside , the moment he do , he he . a strange mechanical plerce saund -- the saucer SOUND -- quiet but intense , — 36 , contirued he look up and see it : a huge blusish saucer hover hundred of feet above he head , ' this be the only time during the sequenee that we see the " saucer " itself . all the other shot '' be play against vanowen , he car , the road , the landscape . ce in fact , the object vanowen " see " may not be real at all . tt certainly be " real " to vanowen , but from the evidence available we cannot be sure if it be a hallucination or a genuine close encounter . : at first vanowen seem curious , then upset ; now fear be set in . we walk backward down the road . he stagger off the road . suddenly , the saucer seem to be directly above he : huge , round and bluish . he be flood in light . without warning , all noise stop . there be stillness everywhere . the light slowly dissolves to pink . vanqwen 's eye socket seem hollow , he cheek callow . * sweat pour across he face ; he lip tremble . he want to run but he body will not oblige : he be freeze , hi : eye epen we big as saucer , fear fill he every pour . he be see something of incredible grandeur - - or horror . it be no plasma . . his face and body be transformed as if by X - Ray . it be a in - depth X - Ray the like of which have becn be see on this earth . the ray cut through he layer by layer : first we see he skin , then the red network of blood vessel , then the grey network of the nervous system , then he skeletonal structure , and finally nothing but a pale glow - - he very soul . ne raise he hand before he and see only a skeleton 's palm bath in red light . the saucer sourd return then dissolves into the outer space SOUND . vanowen 's palm dissolves to the misty view of the site and we be back momentarily where the picture begin , a orange glow hover on the horizon , we hear the sound of world collide . intertwine , there be also a new sound -- the phonetic . loop SOUND -- a repeat pattern of sound which scem to make a coherent sentanee , perhaps something like ka-fu-rao- pho-lie-ka -£a-roo ... ( final seleetion , of course , would be make after study of possible phonetic sound loops ) . the Site dissolves ince outer svace and we be back among unknown star , planet and yalaxy , the outer space sound grow grander . ms , Le 37 38 . 37 , continued we hear the sound of a car engine idling and all grow dark and silent . vanowen be sit at the wheel of he station wagon . the engine be run and the car light be on . he sce two light ahead and watch slowly as a car drive past , all have . return to normal . screenwriter note : whatever visual and auditory technique be use during this encounter and subsequent memory of it , the final impression leave by the encounter should be that of a personal experience , not a physical sighting . CUT to : ext , motel daybreak the first ray of morning fall across the parking lot of | vanowen 's motel , the station wagon be park in its appreprifate place . CUT to : int . motel dawn-day-night Morning Light break through the curtain in vanowen 's motel room , : : the bed be rumple but unslept in , paper , book and toilctry be scattered over the dresser . clothes be spread around the re : Paul vanowen , wear he wrinkle uniform from the night before , sit stare into vacant space , his eye fall on various object in the room : a traveler 's clock , a gideon Bible , a wrinkle shirt . what do they mean ? disverve > peaterkety the early morning light diegeive into the organish glow of evening . vanowen sit in another chair , stare at he shoe . his af coat lie on the bed , ne examine he finger as if they be not pare of he body . dissolve to : night , the room be dark except for the reflectad glow of the motel sign . vanowen look out the large picture window into the black night . for a moment he hear the outer space SOUND , but it quickly rade . oo 38 . . 38 continued '' timecut : later that night . vanowen sit beside the phone . presciently , he turn and look at it : it ring . vanqwen pick up the receiver and Captain maple 's voice come from the other end of the line . : maple 0.s. Lieutenant vanowen ? ( a beat ) vanowen ? vanowen ( detach ) yes , maple 0,S. where be you last night ? we wait for hour . I finally have to give the story to the press myself , vanowen I could not make it . maple 0.5 . well , it 's alright . I just want to tell you it be ail a hoax . we have some more prez fs last night . I be sorry we make such damn of ourselves . vanowen that 's alright . it 's nothing . maple ( 0.s. I figure you would be in ashville by now . they be have a bunch of sighting 's there , vanowen ( he interest pick up ) North Carolina ? maple 0.s. yeah , it 's be come over the news for the last hour . ( pause : no reply ) well , I '11 see you later . vanowen - , yes . ' _ 's maple 0.s. Goodbye . vanowen hang up the receiver . cuT to : 40 39 , ext . AIR force base nigut vanowen 's station wagon speed down a desert Indiana highway . he swerve sharply into the guard entrance of a Air Force base . a young sp examine he suspiciously , but vanowen flash a security clearance card at he and drive past . he pull up to a hanger . CUT to : int . hanger night Inside the hanger , we see the desperate situation Paul vanowen find himself in : he uniform be dishevle , he face unshave , he hair uncomb , he skin pale and he expression totally manic . and he be now try to talk two af night personnel into let he take a jet up in the middle of the night : vanowen there 's no problem . I have fly this thing @ hundred time . I have it send back from wright - Patterson . I will bring it back from ashville mysell . vanowen again flash he af identity , security and flight card at the night personnel , but they be clearly unimpress . they be both try to figure out a way to get vanowen off - the base before he get himself in trouble . 1st af serviceman common , Lieutenant , you have have a rough night . the lst serviceman put he hand on vanowen shoulder put Paul shake it off . vanowen . call Major dominick at wright - Patterson . he will ok it . . 2 nd af servichehan you really do not want to do that , Lieutenant . save yourself a lot of trouble and go home now . 1st af serviceman . wait until mornine , licutenant , then we can ik betyjokay through normal channel , vanowen I have get to get to ashville tonighc . 2nd af serviceman you be not poing anywhere tonight , licutenant , 40 on 42 continued the 2nd serviceman try to take vanowen by the arm but Paul tum and grab he by the collar : vanowen I be go to ashville tonight ! the lst serviceman attempt to restrain vanowen but catch a elbow in the chest , the 2nd serviceman grab vanowen by the shoulder and punch at he glance a blow off he cheek . several additional servicemen hear the ruckus and come run across the hangar . vanowen fight and kick , but he be quickly subdued by great number . during the struggle we hear he panicky voice : vanowen I be from Air Force Intelligence ! I be from wright - Patterson ! CUT to : exs . vanower home day vangvan 's station wagon stand in the driveway of he middle - class ranch style howe in suburban dayton . the house be quintessenti eisenbower : the name on the mailbex , the meticulously groom ' leun , the wor wagon wheel in the front yard . CUT to : int . kitchen evening Paul vanovwen , Sharon and Becky have supper around they formica - top kitchen table . mashed potato , roast beef and corm . Ray conniff pluy on the stereo : pura americana . vanowen be wear , casual slack and a roll - up plaid shirt -- the first time we have see he without he uniform . he poke list - lessly at he food but do not eat . Becky catch a furtive glance at she father : she know there be " something " wrong . Paul set he fork down and stand up absent - mindedly , without say , a word , he walk into the live koom . sharon 0.8 , ( concerned ) Paul ? ) Paul , what 's wrong ? wael nto the the et vos sone + - ~ 43 int , at . ilc , day the sign on the door read : '' Air Force Intelligence Center wright -patterson afl . " we hear vanowen and Major dominick 's voice as we track through the office , past two secretary , past rill higby 's office ( he door he ajar and he be at he desk ) and into Major dominick 's office , : major dominick be a fiftiesh af career man : a bureaucrat over troubled water , behind he head hang a large 1960 Air Force calender picture the F - 86 , then the. latest in air attack technology . vanowen wear he freshly press uniform : vanowen do not try to make a fool out of I , Major . I know what I see . dominick be not make a fool out of you . dominick seem a decent , reasonable , well - intend sort . vanowen ' be , and have be , under some strain and dominick try to keep this in mind . vargven what do a man have to '' do to get someone to believe he ? put up a exhibit at the smithsonien ? dominick that would be a start . ( back off ) now , honestly , Paul , we have you report . we be investigate it now . we be pursue this matter . vanowen but I be the investigator - - and l'iaa the only eye witness . dominick we will need a full field reporc . vanowen you mean send somebody out to pick up more dirt sauples that do not mean a dann thing ? - dominick ( deep breath ) 7 Paul , you of all people should understand my position : I must treat this report like I would any other siphting . , you have often tell I you would not cake anybody 's . 's statement at face value without a investigation . why should it be different in you case ? 43 continued 42 , vanowen Major , this have to come out in the open , we must end this coverup . dominick coverup ? there have never be a coverup . vanowen what do you think I have be do for the past two year ? dominick do you ever think you be cover anything up ? be honest , Paul , vanowen ( a beat ) no . but that be because I do not think there be anything to cover up . dominick there be not , we may have do some secondary " public relation " work , but we have never cover up the llast scintille of evidence , vanowen if you do not make a public announcement about what I see , Charles , I do it myself . ~ * dominick please do . tell anybody you want . I be not go to try to shut you up . we do not cover - up here . vanowen I will go over you head , Major . dominick . go ahead . I will not try to stop you from destro you career . but you know there 's no one over head on this matter . the ufo buck stop right in this office . the job of this office be to inve - tigate all report carefully and analytically , and it 's not go to change now . vanowen if you would make one positive assumption instead of a negative one , you would believe I . dominick you have it just backwards , Paul . Scientific method assume the negative , it prove the positive . ad 44 43 , continued ~ vanowen pause a moment before say what he really feel : vanowen Major , you be so full of crap . dominick sit back in he chair say nothing . his feeling be more of sorrow than anger . he be watch a soli@ . Air Force man - - a career officer - - go to piece before he eye . CUT to : int . church morning the purple-robed church choir take they seat and the organ music die out , Rev. schuur take the pulpit : . rev , schuur : we would like to thank we choir and Mrs. red vandyk for that very move rendition of the old hymn , " when faith like a River attendeth - my Way . " we text this ouin cone from Paul 's second epistle to the corinthian , chapter 5 , verse 14 through 17 : schuuw read the verse in a ministerial monotone . vanowen , Sharon and Becky , all dress in they Sunday best , sit in a prominent pew , Sharon and Becky , like the rest of the congregation , be straight - back and attentive . all except Paul , that be . vanowen seem extremely uncomfortable , nervous , restless . en we pretest lome eve Paul fuss and fidget through about half of schuur 's read then he can take it no more . the fusedis burn dangerously low : on he personal time bomb : he must escape a he will explode , vanowen stand up abruptly , turn , and walk with long confident stride up the aisle and out of the church , parishoner turn they head to watch he pass , schuur 's delivery hesitates as he eye wateh vanowen , vanowen walk down the step and stand in the empty nartnex , ne breathes deeply ; the claustrophobic cecle be go . ne look from side to side , becomm suddenly aware of what he have dene , he walk over to the tract rack and sean they inattenvively . the choir have begin to sing ; the soothing , sound of distant voice dvite throurh the narthex , vanowen pick up he gear , ch 44 4h , continued the choir sing a inspiring choral ( perhaps '' Jerusalem ' ) and vanowen seem more and more carry away by it . vanowen 's subconscious mind begin to exert its will over he conscious . the hide memory begin to emerge . the church SOUND be transformed in vanowen 's ear to a new sound , the celestial SOUND which in turn be mix with the outer spacf SOUND . the celestial sound be , in fact , a orchestrate mixture of the organ , church , saucer and outer space sound , Red and blue nebulae- like mist materialize before he eye , turn and twist about like lose world . this be but a rudimentary memory ; vanowen can only make out it vaguest outline . the memory grow before he eye , tantilize he with its tangibility , then evaporate . the bluc and red mist blow past , leave only the original | vision of the site - - erie , distant and impose . CUT to : ist. ritchen day vanowen 's memory be interructed by Sharon 's voice . he and Sharon stand argue over the kitchen table as Becky watch on from another room . sharon so you think you can just up and walk out when you feel like it , what about I ? I be never so mortify in my life . vanowen I do not want to talk about it . sharon Fine example you set for you daughter . i£ you do not want ... vanowen ( barely rational ) I do not want to talk about it ! sharon if you do not want to go to church , then maybe you just should not go . vanowen alright then , it will not go . no more church . ' they do not need I anyway . ao N 45 . 45 continued sharon Paul , please . what 's happen ? what 's get into you ? it be somebody else ? vanowen why do not you just leave I alone ? sharon why do not you let I ? vanowen alright , I will . I be go . I need some fresh air . vyanowen grab he coat and walk toward the front door . Sharon follow he , plead : sharon I do not mean that , Paul . please stay . let 's talk about it . : vanowen stride across the lawn toward he station wagon . ' CUT Te : not , a.t.1.c. day the sceretary eye vanowen warily as he walk past and into the open dvor of higby 's office . he look haggard . van@een find higby unpack he briefcase . vanowen what 's this , Bill ? higby stop off in clarenceville on the way back from ashville . investigate you report . the pever balance between vanowen have abruptly shift : Paul be now eday and higby superior . he relish he advantage over he former boss vanowen ( ironic ) I bet it be negative , why be not I tell ? higby the Major 's go to insist on you take that vacation , Paul , you need a rest . he 's be talk to you wile . o 46 continued 46 . vanowen ' he 's be talk with Sharon ! what sisine 's» vedi ? be that of he ? higby take it up with he , I do not want to get involved . vanowen you probably plan it . you be always against I , higby I think you ought to take that vacation , Paul . vanowen so you can make I look like the village idiot while I be go ? . rigby do not accuse I of use you method . vanowen my method ? higby you need a rest , Paul .. vanowen ( pathetic ) I need a chance to find it again , that 's all , Bill . they have to send I back out . higby I never do approve of you method . vanowen ( m gere ) get out of here , I do not want you around I , '' higby but this be my office . ' . vanowen : oh , > -) ne turn and exit . . Dow CUT ' 10 : ee we 1 '' 47 '' 48 47 . int , '' bedroom day Paul vanqven pack he suitcase with silent efficiently and close it . ne take a final look at a sheet of paper , leave it on the dresser and walk out , it read : " I be sorry . " CUT to : int , a.t.1.c , day vanowen have closete himself in he a.t.i.c. office . behind he stand box and box of all ufo file . ne study the file one by one , jote down note . we then pin the note on a large billboard under various category : '' daylight dise , " " Close encounter of the lst kind " and so forth . nis half - open suitcase lie 6 n the crumble sofa , there be a knock on the door . vanowen , suspicious , look up . ' two man in anonymous dark suit walk in , they name , as we shall learn later , be august kilne and lou 's hekman , kilne close the door behind they . kilne Lt. vanowen ? May we speak with you a moment ? vanowen do you come to throw I out of my office ? they sit down . ' kilne not at all . Excuse we intrusion . you report see a ufo a week ago in clarenceville , right ? vanowen yes . I file a report . hekman we read the report . - kilne it 's a very good report . we have reason to believe it be authentic . vanowen who be you ? 5. ll continued 48 . kilne well , Lieutenant , this be sort of awkward . we represent the governmental body which investigate ufo . '' vanowen that can not be . I represent the governmental body which investigate ufo , : kilne not quite . you represent the governmental body which cover up ufo report , you be a front , a public relation man , vanowen who be you ? kilne Major dominick be the only one in you unit -. who lmow its . t==e nature . he have tobeetw : - q'che. the > — about '' you . he feel you have become a security risk to you unit and to yourself . he speak . of you only in the high term . vanowen what .is all this ? a joke ? kilne . just the opposite . Major dominick have suggest that you come and join we staff . we be a small top secret unit entirely within the Air Force . ko elect politician know of we existence ; we report only to the Joint Chiefs . we be call Project grief . we be nonpeople within the Air Force . we have neither rank nor commission . we have neither family nor private life . we follow order ; we make report only when we deem necessary . we be only a couple year old but be free to pursue ufo investigation in any way we choose , vanowen why do not I just report you existence to the press ? that would blow the lid off , kilne what be there to report ? we do not exist . hekman . Major dowinick say you tell he you think you whole life be a lie , that you can create no knowlcdy¢ , oemictedeeere only decept lon , sackettr tee rert this be you chance to change all that , you can help we investipace and learn , Major dominick think you could be of yreat use to we . 49 C ~ =) - 49 , continued ~ kilne well , how about it , Lieutenant ? vanowen think a moment then smile . this be all he could have ever dream for . vanowen yes . I want nothing more , good God , yes , dissolve to : int . project grief lab day we dissolve to Paul vanowen , dress in civilian clothes , be lead into a large white laboratory by kilne . in be the same lab we see fifteen year later ( in the open scene ) . at this time , however , the laboratory be comparatively old - fashioned and poorly equip . the wall be hang with appropriate astronomical and ufo chart , map and photo . vanowen 's eye catch a object lying on one of the lab table : it be the oddly - chape scrap of metal vanqwen pick vp in the ' livlg wilh ton kiesel , this be the lab where all lis iuvestigatiew . & . ultimately lead . the staff of Project grief be line against one of the table . they look anonymously efficient in they white jacket . among the five man and two woman , we recognize Lou hekman , . . kilne gentlemen and woman , this be James Paul vanowen , the new staff member I have tell you about , ( to vanowen ) Paul , welcome to we family . kilne lead vanowen down the line and introduce the staff member one by one : . kilne Lou nekman , haru miko , Judy Nicholas , otis cary , Ken tabulis ... i pal sereen slowly fade to wiite , ats ys '' | int , vyroject grief lab 7 day ( 1975 ) sereen diszulve to the same shade of white which open the picture , ' ihe poise seapel tip downward : a red dot appear on the sereen and swing into a horseshoe formation , ‘or '' > si 51 continued — fifty -five year - old Paul vanowen grimace in pain and we be back to where the open sequence leave off , Lou hekman implant the square thermocouple and haru miko help he suture the incision . they be now both in they forty . today 's work finish , vanowen stand up from the operate table . ie look down at the six circular bandage which have be place over the incision on he chest . he touch one of thew gentley with he fingertip . vanowen walk over to a chair , pick up he clean white shirt and put it on , vanowen ( inspect bandage ) that 's very good work , Lou . hekman ( deferntial ) thanks , chief . vanowven ( buttone shirt ) we will go back at it same time day after tomorrow , . hekman Ill 'be be here . hekman chuckle depreciatingly : where else would he be ? vanowen walk to the door . ccut to : int . vanowen' office * day vanowen enter he office in the subterranean Project grief complox , : it be a large prestigious office ; vanowen be obviously a VIP in Project grick , gueeneewekistegs 4 ufo siqslatciess still hen en fe wsil vanowen the closet and select a discrete black - and -re tic . ne put on he grey pin-stripe vest and suit coat to match he trousers . vanowen fasten he watch as he leave the office . CuT to : " 52 54 of , sa 51 . int , _ corridor day vanowen walk down the broad white corridor toward the elevator . a large ellsworth Kelley painting stretch across one wall . ne pull out he key , place it in the elevator switch and turn it , a green light indicate the " up " elevator have be activate , he step into the elevator . and the door close behind he , inside the elevator , the floor indicator light progress from b4 to b3 to b2 to bl to G . the door open and vanowen be on the ground floor . vanowen step out , on the wall by the elevator door there be , instcad of a button , a small keyhole and a discrete sign read , '' access to this Elevator by Key only . " a armed , uniform sir Force gaurd sit at a desk near the elevator . he nod to vanowen . the guard stand and unlock the exit door for Paul . the door open and vanowen step out into the brilliant sunlight . CUT to : emt . '' fb parking lot day a sign above the door vanqwen have just exite read , " restricted Area . authorize personnel only . " as vinowen walk , we notice the building he have exite be actually a planetariun . in the distance be a large complex of nddescript militery building . '' stride across the parking lot , vanowen slip on he sunglass . conservatively attire in he three - piece suit , Paul vanowen be a anomaly in this world of af uniform , regulation and staff car , vanowen step over to a long black 1975 cadillac limousine with tinted dark window . a sign inside the windshield read , '' diplomati : car. official business . " vanowen get in and -vive out of the lot into the plastic world of 1975 . cuT to : ext , wighway day vanowen 's limosine zoom acress the barren field of Ohio on a modern four- lane interstate , come , inta dayton , he look across the modernize skyline . CUT ' to : | . 52 . ext , dayton day vanowen drive down the street where he once live . he slowly pass he old ranch - style house . < a new name be on the mailbox and the neighborhood have be transformed into a low income uasi-urban arca . the wagon wheel which once adorn the front yard heeothcerteter - crt ant thre — hote — covesedmeretng fe gore . he drive on . - later , drive through a more affluent neig hborhood , vanowen slow down as he approach a comfortable suburban home . check the address against a small notepad , vanowen turn into the driveway . we get out and walk to the front door . after a moment 's hesitation , he ring the bell and wait . no one answer after a second ring and vanowen peek in the front windew , see something of interest , he walk around the house . in the backyard , a mature good - look woman be work in she flower garden . vanowen see she from behind and walk toward she . 35 over har shoulder , we see Paul walk softly acrec the wiass toward hec , after a moment , we recognize sharou vanowen 's ex-wife . vanowen step softly beside she , say nothing . she be not aware of he presence , after a moment , he say casually : . vanowen hello , dear . how would thing go today ? without turn , she answer as if by a long - forget reflex : sharon okay . how about you ? there be a slight pause . almost against he will , Paul smile . suddenly Sharon realize what she have say and turn around : sharon be that you ? Paul ? be that Paul vanowen ? vanowen ( nod ) yes , Sharon , * sharon my God , 1 think you be dead . there be a uneasy pause , she gesture toward the house , 56 53 . continued sharon come in . please come in . Sharon walk toward the house and Paul follow she . cuut to : int , live room day they walk into the live room , vanowen awkwardly scan the room . ' the furniture be expensive , but noc particularly tasteful , the frame photo of a man stand on the stereo console , . Paul and Sharon be both uncomfortable , they hardly know where to start . . sharon would you like something ? a drink or a cup '' of coffee ? . vancwen just a little scotch . to celebrate the ocassion , . sharon ( release she tension ) well , I too . vanowen find a seat and Sharon pour a couple glass of scotch , . vanowen how be you ? sharon I be fine . . vanowen . good , ( look at picture ) how 's Jim ? sharon ne dice almost a year ago . Cancer . -vanowen ( awkward ) I be sorry . ;™ ' 4/57 continued 34 , sharon do not be . we have a good life together , we be marry eleven year . that 's longer than you and I be marry . this be he house . ( look around ) vanowen how 's Becky ? sharon May I ask you something ? vanowen sure . sharon , why be you here ? this be a crucial question , and vanowen himself hardly know the answer . how do he convey the complex series of emotion of ~ , which have bring he back ? he hen and haw , look anywuere but at Sharon : vanowen well , I just think that ahh ... I would ahh ... sharon ( without bitterness ) why do a man leave he wife and child after nine year of marriage , file divorce papers in absentia , disappear for fitteen year , let _ people think he be dead , then suddenly show up one day ? vanowven well , I have to come into this areca and I be just think that I would ahh ... well , see you one ... one more time . sharon we hardly know each other any more . vanowen we have a lot of history in common , Sharon , and 1 would like to know everything be ... alright . 57 continued ss.f\ '' ) sharon Paul , what 's wrong ? vanowen nothing . I just want to see you again . a impulse . sharon well , I be glad to see you be alive -- and in good health too . ( laugh ) vanowen ( smile ) I be get a lot of medical attention . ( a beat ) how 's Becky ? sharon she 's marry now . . vanowen already ? sharon for two year . she 's 23 now , she have a child , six month old . you be a grandfather now . we be both grandparent . vanowen do she go to college ? sharon for two year . then she meet Eric and drop out , they live in Indianapolis . I can get you she address . . vanowen would you do that please ? Sharon stand and walk into another room , Paul watch she contemplatively . cur to : whe 58 59 go ext . bank day ( ? '' ] 2 ) vanowen 's limousine pull up in front of a dayton bank . Paul get out and walk inside . CuT to : int . bank office day . vanowen stand beside the bank president in he plush office . tne president , seat , gocs over a sheath of papers : bank president it 's certainly a pleasure to meet the man whose money we have be invest all this year . before he retire , Charlie say to give you he best if you ever come in . that be four year ago already . varoucn be everything in or3er ? bank president yes , do you want any change in the will ? vanowen no , I just wanteé to make sure it be all in order , just hold everything in treasury hond , vewridewyorrhevenbomarvesivoerer there will not be any more payment . bank president be there anything else you can remember ? vanowen think . as he do the sereen fade to dark blue , curt will . dislolve - to : oye nee inv. project grief game room evening ( 1963 ) ~ a small red vibratiny dot appearson the field of blue . as we fade in xwe realize the dot be the plow , end of a edyarette be smoking by haru miko in the Project grief game room , ~ N } 56 . '' 69 continued oo the game room be a large wood - panele " tudor style " relaxation room in the otherwise crome and steel underground grief complex . the room be richly decorate with deep pile carpet and leather chair and contain a chess table , a dart board , a pool table , a television and row of book . as the camera slowly pan across the room , we find a congenial assortment of seemingly unrelated activity : haru miko ( he cigarette tip aglow ) silently watch a early sixty episode of " the beverly hillbilly , " further along otis carey and Ken tabulis play chess intently , beyond they auguse kilne and and Lou heckman be plete a lacadasical game of pool . behind they , & white -jackete female staff member browse through the book shelf . — sheet . at the far end of the room Paul vanowen and Judy Nicholas ene sit geat side by side in high - back leather chair , aead . Paul wear informal clothes and be deeply involved in_a heavy tome about radio astromony . Judy , a good- look woman about 35 , be read something less weighty . all in all , it seem a happy + though highly unusual family . we watch vanowen : suddenly , all this intense study get too much for he . we drop he book the the floor , put he hand az he neck in a mock - choke manner , stand up , stagger in a circle and finally collapse to the carpet as if choke to death . d4asol£ : Judy look up momentarily but no one else take much notice . they closete condition have force the grief staff member to be remarkably tolerate of each other 's eccentricity . vanowen finally pull himself to he foot , pick up he book , plop back down in he chair and resume read . after a moment , Judy turn to he and say : judy ... ( pleasant ) get a little too much for you , Paul ? vanowen ( quote from he book ) . " if we accept the Davis - greenstcin value for the strength of general interstellar magnetic field , then it become necessary to also accepc the view , pasite by baade and minkowski , chat still more intense cloud of gas collide violently with cach other , though not necessarily in the ratio they proscribe . " aaarrrgghhh , C ‘( ope 61 ~ they walk pa a yp 57 . continued - judy it 's not my fault you want to specialize in everybody 's field . vanowen well , it do not have any of my own so T think I would try to beat out everybody else . judy modest . vanowen the bio-chemistry be not that bad . neither be the astronomy or the nuclear physics . but the speculative math get I down , judy do not worry . you be pass most of we by like a roadrunner . beep , beep . ( smile affectionately ) it will not be long before you be head of the whole you - know - what instead of you - know - who. ( nod in kilne 's directicn ) vangwen motion to she secretly : vanowen . come here , Judy , I want to ask you about something . vanowen stand and gesture for she to follow . theywalk '' across the room together . as they pass the chess table , we notice that carey and tabulis have fall into a violent argument . both be stand on opposite side of the chess table , throw the piece at the floar and each other . no one pay much attention to they : this type of hostility release be very common within the project . CUT to : int. project grief corrldor _ evening there be a stark contrast of decor as Paul and Judy step from the warm wood - panele game room into the cold harsh white corridor of the grief complex , the ellsworth Kelley painting , toward the lab , au ) open the door for Judy and they enter , cur to : { co 58 . int , '' laboratory evening Paul and Judy walk into a modernize version of the original lab ( thouzh not yet up to 1975 standard ) . a 1963 Air Force calender hang on one of the wall ; it now sport a new af ergairy than the 1960 version ( this af calender wet not gnly serve as time device , but also as a run gag ) . rg hter jer vanowen : what do you think of kilne 's rosetta Stone idea ? : judy ch well , it 's what we have be work tewert for the last two year . vanowen I know , but I be start to have my doubt . we have get junk and bit and piece of scrap down here that people have collect over twenty year , yet none of it give we the slight clue . I be not sure there be such a thing as a rosetta Stone , something that ean be decode and give we the secret . udy . this be no cakewalk , ag maybe there isn ' you know . vanowen but do not you think kilne be put too . much emphasis on it ? judy ( percéptive ) rrur 0 ts the the rosetta Stone idea or kilne you object to ? vanowen start to answer but stop when he hear the door open . Judy say under she breath : judy - speak of the devil . August kilne walk in , kilne now would you like to take a trip ? vanowen what 's up , augic ? 39 . 62 continued kilne there 's a sighting come across the Air Force hotline , South dakota , near rapid City . could be the real thing . think we might fly over . judy who 's there now ? kilne nobody , the team from wright - Patterson will not be there until mid-morn . we can jet and drive over now and take a look around , never can tell what will turn up . Lou 's gonna watch the store . otis be go and I figure it be about you turn to go 4 upside . : vanowen po . let 's go . : ; on CUT to : : 63 ext . south dakota hinterland . night kilne , carey , Nicholas and vanoowen , ' dress in civilian clothes ( as always ) be seat in a unmark 1962 car . vandwen be at the wheel , they drive slowly along a desert road in South dakota . } van0wen userthocare spotlight taslight=ep the side of the : road as they pass . the countryside be lonely and forbode . : judy cheery part of the country . carey should of bring my criter boot . ahead theti sec a dim oblong glow move across the horizon . Judy gasp 's and vanowen hit the accelerator . the car srow nearer the ufo . they look anxiously at it as ow carey teans across Judy 's lap to snap photo . in the front ( ~ seat , kilne set the set the l6omm camera and start shoot also . 64 60 . continued they pull up even with the ufo , it be hover over a small 's lake about 100 yard directly to they leave . vanowen bréalss the car in the middle of the road and the all get out . vanqwon swing the spotlight across the open field between they and the lake , kilne and carey trot across the field , take picture all the while , vanowen grab a pistol from the glove compartment and follow with Judy . they reach the edge of the lake . the glow ufo hover directly in front of they . they run along the edge of the lake attempt to get a closer look . as they run , the ufo slowly turn bluish . suddenly the ufo veer and move directly at they . the air around they take on a bluish glow and the marshland at they ' foot sparkles with static , vanowen be the first to talk : vanowen it 's a plasma ! a goddam plasma ! carey snake he finger as they bristle with electrostatic shock : shit . carey the plasma pass aver they , veer sharply upward and take off . they watch the glow plasma disappear slowly into the ~ dark sky . there be a pause and kilne say : kilne 0.8 . let 's get some sleep . CUT to : ext , holiday inn morning kilne and vanowen wait as Judy and otis exit from they seperate room in a interstate holiday lun , Judy and otis sity good - morning and throw they small havel bag into the trunk , they all get inte the ear and pull away , we notice from the diverse license plate and travel sticker that this be a prime tourist area , a improportionace number of the bumper sticker promote nearby mount rushmore , cc ( '' 64 continued 65 61 . they car pull on the road , after they drive a bit , they pass a familiar station wagon head the opposite direction : it be Bill higby and he new assistant head for the site of the ufo report , CUT to : ext . macdonald morning mid-Morn and the local macdonald 's be crowded with hungry ' tourist and they offspring . kid carry batter Donald duck comic and mount rushmore penant nag and tug at they parent , other child skip from car to car compare the travel sticker paste on car window . macdonald 's familiar ( but now obsolete ) yellow arch stetch grostesquely over the assemble vacationer . a sign above . they head proclaim , '' over 3 billion sold . " we eve catch a local newsrack . the banner of the rushmore News read , " lyndon Johnson 's first 200 bay , " and , in smelier print , " Air Force to investigate ufo sighting . " Nicholas , vancgwen , kilne and carey exit with they burger , fries and malt and locate a outdoor table . they silently set up they food and begin to eat . Paul finally say : vanowen a goddman plasma . you know , all that year I tell people about plasmas and I never see one before myself . I do not really believe they exist . it be like something out of a textbook , kilne I would see one from the air before but never quite as good as this , carey if we be in plasma research we could publish we finding and have it sack . judy instead of be sack . 62 . continued carey that 's one thing that will never happen to we . World War tifcould wipe out the government and Project grief would keep go . vanowen just learn Russian , that 's all , as vanowen speak , he eye catch something of great interest . he stare forward , he jaw unmove . from he p.0.v. , we see Sharon walk across the macdonald 's with she new husband , jim staples ( the man in the frame 1975 photograph ) . she be wear a casual dress ; he a sport suit . they be obviously on vacation . Sharon 's eye catch Paul at the same instant and she boldly take Jim 's arm and walk toward Paul 's table . Paul barely have time to stand by the time she reach he table . vanowen : ( awkward ) hello , Sharon . . sharon . hello , Paul . this be Jim staples . Jim , this be Paul vanowen . staples be at first curious and friendly , but become formal and polite after he learn who Paul be . he extend he hand : staples '' hello , Paul . I have hear a great deal about you , '' vanowen ( monpluss ) ah , Sharon , this be Judy Nicholas , otis cary and August kilne , . ( to other ) this be Sharon ... ahh ... sharon Sharon staples . the other stand and shake hand politely . sense the awkward - ness of the uation , they collect they uncaten food , Judy take a particularly careful look at Sharon , 65 ony j of 177 63. continued kilne ( excuse himself ) we have get to be run along . Nice meeting you . kilne , carey and Nicholas walk back to the car . Jim staples likewose find a way to excuse himself ; staples I will pick up the food , dear . sharon thanks , darling . staples walk toward the counter . Sharon turn to Paul : . sharon I do not get much of a chance to meet you girlfriend , she seem nice , ~ . vancwen Judy ? oh no , she just work with we . ( a beat ) I gather you get narried agein . sharon yes , actually Jim and I be on we honeymoon . I know this be a pretty prosaic place for a honeymoon ... ( smile ) but Jim could only spare a couple day and we would never be here before , so ... . better late than never . . vanowen I guess we do not travel much . sharon no , I can not say we do , vanowen now 's Becky ? sharon she 's in school , do quite well , Sharon offer no wear informacion ; Paul do not request ie , this its the life he leave behind , it 's too late now to regret the decision or dwell on it , 66 64 . continued vanowen I be glad . vanqwen start to say something , but stop . sharon be there anything you want to say , Paul ? vanowen no , I guess not , staples return with a bag of burger . vanowen look back at the car be kilne , Nicholas and carey be finish they lunch . vanowen I guess I get to go . sharon I be nice see you again . ( smile ) Paul smile and they shake hand awkwardly . vanowen turn and walk to the car . when he reach the car , he turn to have a last look , he see Sharon and Jim take they seat under the " over 3 billion sold " sign . : . CUT to : int. laboratory . late night vanowen be work alone in the lab late at night . he seem despondant , he mind unoccupy on he work . he finally close the file he be work on , take off he white coat and walk out of the lab . ie switch the light off lmelserdsem and close the door , CUT to : int. corridor late niguy a vanowen walk past the ellsworth kelleygdown the corridor , ard the cliustiew , his mind be full of thought . ne place the key into the elevator and switch it . when the door open , he step in , 67 65 . contirued he step out of the elevator onto another floor . the stark white corridor be much like the one he just leave ; in this case however , the wall be hang with andy Warhol silkscreen print 's and the floor be cover by a rich red carpet , this be the " dormitory " floor . the door bear nameplate and be liberally space . they also bear , meer like im a college dormitory , personalize grafitti and clipping . ( for example , under haru miko 's name someone have write , " from the folk that bring you Pearl Harbor . " ) Paul walk slowly down the corridor . he pass Judy Nicholas ! suite and notice she door be open and she light on . she be lie on the sofa read . she be wear a nightgown and cover by a nineteenth century quilt . ne pause a moment then poke he head in the room : judy ? vanowen judy ? . judy . ( look up ) Paul . come on in , sit down . ie step in , CUT to : int , judy nicholas ' suite late night vanowen walk in and sit in a easy chair across from the sofa . her darken room be decorate with tasteful antique . it be almost as if step into a carlier time , a direct contrast to the anonymity of Project grief . judy I be hope someone would come by and talk to I , vanowen pour himself a drink from the erystal decanter of scotch on the coffee table , we gesture to Judy but she indicate she already have have cnough . Judy realize Paul want to talk so she pick up the conversation : '' 68 contirued 66 . : judy be Sharon you wife ? vanowen yeah , judy do you want to talk about it ? vanowen ( a beat ) yeah , judy have you see she recently ? vanowen no , it would be about 24 - 3 year . she 's get marry again . judy .. ar not you glad for she ? vanowen oh , certainly . but it 's just that it ahh .. , make everything so ... final . judy but you know that all along . vanowen yes , but it have never hit I quite so .. , bluntly before . she ask I why I do it and I do not know what to say . ( a beat ) for some strange reason I remember something my mother use to tell I as a child , she be a very religious woman and she have pat explanation for everything . she have she own definition of heaven and hell . for example she say chat hell be just like that moment , you know , that moment you finger be prick by a pin , the instant of pain when the pin first broak the skin , she say hel be that fleeting moment of intense pain stretch out into infinity . well , she also have a definition of heaven , Heaven , she say , be not harp and golden street , but be che place of all knowledge , where all ouc question would be answer and where we would know everything . whenever T ask she a question she could not answer , like , " low do a ( cont ) 69 67 . continued vanowen " ( co not ) radio work ? , she would always say , " well , that 's something you will know when you get to heaven . " ( smile ) now , that really appeal to I . I could never get up much interest in harp , street of gold and sing the praise of the Lord all the time , but this idea of know all the answer fascinate I . and I do not realize how much it fascinate I until several year ago . ( look around ) well , I guess that be pretty much what I want to say . gucci pe spine be vanowen move as if to stand up but do not quite make it out of he chair . judy do you want to stay ? vanowen lesk at she sympathetically . judy I always wonder why we never get together before , this be a pretty strange group , as you know . the first commume support by the United States government . I always think you be a pretty good - look sort . : ( pause ) well , I be go to turn off the light . I do not think it 's proper for a lady to ask twice . vanowen stand and turn off the light . CUT to : int , judy nicholas ' bedroom night Paul and Judy lie in she high - back ornately carve nineteenth century bed . Judy sleep soundly , tug on she red-and - white early american quilt . Paul be wide awake ; he stare ahead . as we track toward he cace we hear the soft strain of the organ SOUND , the memory be return . 209 we 70 cont [ rued the organ sound mix with the saucer SOUND and they dissolve into the outfr space SOUND . the scene dissolves into the misty , orangish , distant view of the sit ! as the camera continue to move forward , '' the’ site dissolves into outer space . we travel through outer space , move swiftly and in a single direction . ahead of we the constellation orion draw nearer ; in the belt we see the tifid nebula , we approach the tifid nebula , a pink - and - red mass of expand steller cloud which resemble a Georgia o' keefé " Iris " painting . the sound merge into the celestial SOUND . the tifid vagina open wide and we plunge in . Inside , all be dark and we hear the phonetic loop SOUND : ka-fa - roo-pho-llie-ka-fa-roo ... . face appear . at first they appear to be that of strange space creature , but then we realize they be only distort human face , or , more acurately , half face . ' the half face of Sharon merge with the half face of Becky merge with the half face of he mother . a hand be raise up before the face as if to indicate , " go no further , " . the saucer SOUND reemerges and become acute and pierce . the camera go into the outstretch pale palm and the image fade ' to white , . CUT T 70 : ree p5 io e int , laboratory day ( 1975 ) a yellow dot appear on the white field then diffuse across the sereen , a black line blink horizontally across the sereen , the image come into focus and the camera-pulls back from a extreme close - up on vandwen 's eye . Paul , wear , a white shirt , lies on the Lab table . his head be on a pillow , . Lou helwan lean over he with a cyedropper contain a yellow fluid . 69 . continued Paul blink he eye a few time and sit up on the edge of the table , hekman Close you eye now , Paul . vanowen close he eye tighthsg and lickman tape a piece of gauze over it . hekman okay , Chief . vanowen stand and touch the gauze gentley . heknan just leave the patch on a couple day and the solution should integrate into the cornea , if it work , we will not have to do the other eye . unbutton you shirt , vanqven unbutton he shirt , revealing he bare chest . we see a half dozen dark snot where the sensor have be implate . all ths suture sve heal nicely . hekman and the leg ? vanowen pull up he pin-stripe pants leg revealing several long thin wire run up he calf just under the skin . : : hekman hey , that 's come along real well . you be in great shape . ( tap he head ) knock on wood , vanowen smile and lower he pants leg . vanowen ( buttone he shirt ) be anybody up at the site ? nekman no . I do not think you want anyone there , especially with all this sighting . we can ving , the '' equipment in later , vanowen deplete but be anybody from the air Force there ? 70 . ( -0 continued hekman well , wright - Patterson have send a couple Men up to sw4mey Idaho . just to calm the «ahh , public concern . vanowen ' who 's there ? hekman : higby . the usual guy . Bill higby . " eur to : 71 ext . evan , idaho day Lt. Bill higby stand with a policeman on the crowded sidewalk of a small Idaho ' town . | the street be congest with out - of-state car and gawk sightseer . it be , in brief , a update version of clarenceville , Indiana , fy September 1960 . the same elderly man be sell bock and pamphlet from the trunk of he " ufomobile . " the car be a little new , though still batter , but the literature be the same : " I make Love to a Space creature . " further down the block , a professionally - print sign read : Prof. robt. Allen Smith will lecture on the subject " Flying saucer be Real " the gaudy sign bear a picture of Prof. Smith and a ufo . ame underneath be write , " Evans High auditorium , June 6 , 8:00 pm , $ 3.00 , " prof , Smith have come up in the world . nighy be calk confidentially with the policeman when leo ross , a modishly dress young man , walk up to he , ross lt , Bill higby ? rigby ~ , yes ? a ross I be Leo Ross . I be a reporter from the chicage tribune , 73 71 . & 2 conrinued higby oh , hello . I do not think we have meet before . ross no , we have not .é# tuuranme I be just transfer from the business page . higby be Claude Ames still on the staff there ? ross , he 's the News editor now . higby a great guy . I really like Claude a lot . have some dealing with he year ago . ross about this ufo report ... higby the Air Force have already distribute its statement on that . ross - I have get it . I think you might amplify some thing for I . . hibgy place he arm around Ross ' shoulder in a confidential manner and take he aside , it be a show of phony sincerity worthy of higby 's mentor , lt , Paul vanowen . * higby just ask whatever you want . i'11 give you the asnwer as straight as I can . CUT to : int , chicago tribune day alk past a long bank of teletype machine at the imine office , he be wear a floral pattern fe and red velvet suic . open instde amese office , the deskplate read : " Claude Ames , " various banner edition of the trib hang on the wall , ane , he foot proped on he desk , be talk into he intercom , N . { 73 continued 72 . Claude Ames now show cach of he 40 - odd year ; the reporter 's life be not conducive to physical fitness . his taste in clothes have also change , but not improve : he wear a Robert Hall knit blazer , yellow shirt and straight tie ( or some other mixture of in - out of fashion . AMES ( to intercomn ) I do not care if he be the President . damn the consequence , what be we , man or mouse ? he still can not park in my spot . if he want to park in my spot , then they should find I another spot , Ames smile to himself : a good bit of game - bravado . black secretary 0.s. that 's tell them , boss . ( a beat ) Leo be here to see you . AMES | send he in , black secretary 0.s , yessum , . Leo Ross walk into Ames ' office . 's Ames swing he foot off he desk and sit upright . AMES ( motion toward secretary ) can not get no respect , how 's it go , Leo ? ross just get back from Idaho . AMES and ? ross Wild goase chase . a lot of people secing stuff in the sky . plasmas , whatever . AMES who would you talk to ? ross a couple witness , police , Air Force Lieutenant Bill lighby . ile give I : the whole story , ( ~ '' f3 continued om 3 73. AMES what do you think of it ? ross a bunch of bullshit . - High ane that 's * , alright . still nothing there ? ross not much , AMES write it up that way . page 9 . he anda guy name vanowen really hang I up when I be about you age . have I chase ufo through the night . phone in my first " scoop " -- air balloon . almost lose my job . back then we trust the military . . : ross Bet you buy a fallow shelter tco . AMES that 's not far from the truth , I '1l tell you what be interesting , though . this vanowen guy . ex - Lieutenant James Paul vanowen . go into some super - secret military operation about 15 year ago , nobody hear from or see he since , I triclto do 2 story on he about ten year back , get nowhere plus , interviewed a a scientist name of Judy Nicholas who quit the Air Force and drop vanowen 's name somewhere . it be like talk to the buddha-- could not get a thing out of she . ( a beat ) . so here 's the kicker . vanqwen show up in he hometown of dayton last week . see he banker , then he ex-wife . close he account , somebody in dayton tip I . so what 's up ? something happen ? smell funny to I , ross you want I to follow it up ? AMES check it a little , maybe I will - help you . there could be something there . it 's about time to get back into that case . . 74 , continued ross and if there be ? who get the ercdit ? AMES ( mock shock ) ' bt Leo ! you do not trust old Claude ? we share creat . share credit t I get first position . oo ee eee amen 6 beat ) ross ( smile ) bat aqet .- okay . . CUT to : ext . indianapolis night vanowen 's black limousine be park along a street of middle - class home . - : CUT to : inl . darkened house night the door open and the half - light face of a pretty girl speak from the shadow : becky I be expect you . mother call I a week ago . she say you might be come . Paul vanowen , wear he conservative three - piece suit , step out of the shaodw and approach he daughter . vanowen hello , Becky . she tentutively embrace he ; he return the embrace , she walk into the live room and turn on a soft light . they pause a moment , strainge to recognize each other across the darkness of fifteen year . Becky , now 23 , be a attractive though want young woman . vanowen be you home alone ? becky the baby 's here . she 's sleep . you want to see she ? vanowen follow as beeky walk into the bedroom , sr tee ie ee ene tee tenet tie eee eat eee 76 75 . continued vanowen where 's Eric ? becky do not ask . vanowen I will not , Becky turn on a lamp in the bedroom and walk over to the crib , Paul look at he sleep grand - daughter . . becky she look just like any other six - month old child , but at least she 's mine , Becky look up searchingly at she father . Paul put he arm around she and she rest she head against he shoulder . vanowen do you have a neighbor who can watch over the baby ? becky . ( hesitant ) yes . : vanowen . then call she , we be go to go out , you and I . you look like a young lady that could use some checring up . CUT to : int . bowling alley night Paul and feeky be sit in the gallery of a small bowl alley with they leg hang over the row in front of they . vanowen have unbuttonce he coat and vest , take off he tie and loosen he collar . they be hold , bottle of beer and laugh . beckly , slightly drunk , look at the empty lane ahead of they : 4 becky ney , it 's you shot , vanowen it be ? no 76 , ( '' 76 continued becky yeah . I shot last . vanowen when be that ? . becky just a little while ago . vanowen ( get up ) okay . if you say so . vano.1 c1 ) get up a wobble ober to the rack and pick up a bowl ball . his first shot manage to hit six or seven pin . he turn back to Becky with a satisfied expression across he face . she properly acknowledge he accomplishment . vanowen wind up well a second ball but he shot not only miss all_the pin , it jump the lane and roll down the , gutter.om ° chea utitetare . . roth ing becau : '' tne belli hus jump lane , the automatic pinsetter wiil not clear the frame . vanowen , rigghtfully angere by this malfunction , balance himself on the return rack and carefully step he way down the lane . all down the alley , bowler turn they head to watch hin . : vanowen step off the rack and kick over the remain pin with one broad swing of he leg . beam with pride , vanowen strut back up the lane toward he applaud daughter . he plo' in he seat next to Becky ; vanowen . now it 's you turn , Becky 's mood have turn from night to day . she have rediscover she father . . becky give I a break , vanowen o -- Kay , it 's the double standard , you know . but 1'11 wait . ( swig from he : beer ) i '' 76 contirued on 77 , becky Paul , I can not believe you . you flabbergast I , you have completely take away the little specch I be all prepare to give you . vanowen ‘( sip beer ) which speech be that ? becky ( becomm serious ) well , I be go to start out by ask you where you be when I win the city forensics contest , when I have my first date , when I graduate from high school ? then I be go to ask where you be when I need a father to give I away in marriage ? where be you when my stepfather have to pay $ 5,000 to send I to a shrink three day a week all through college - - all of which fail anyway because I only end up drop out and get marry much teo young ? that 's what T be go the ask you . vanowen ( sadden ) that 's a lot of question , Becky . . becky but one answer , '' vanowen I make no apology for my life . becky can you give I a reason then ? vancwen not even that , there be a reason , but it only make sense to I . becky but I need reason , especially now , vanowen ( embrace she ) Becky , T be so happy to find you again , so happy so find you such a strong healthy young woman , ( kiss she forchead ) ce cg continued becky but when will I see you again ? where can I get in touch with you ? vanowen ( evasive ) well , that 's a little difficult to say at the moment . : becky mother say reporter visit she after you leave . they want to know about you . it have something to do with that , do not it ? vanowen be upset by the news about the reporter , but quickly hide this from he daughter . . vanowen . not exactly . a little maybe , it 's nothing . becky but when will I see you again . vanowen decide to stcp be evasive and look straight at shter , his eye be fill with love and concern , but sage be unequivocal : he I vanowen you will not . this be the last time you will ever see I , CUT to : ext . indianapolis night Becky close the door and vanowen walk slowly down the front step and across the lawn toward he limousine . his vest , coat and collar be still open . ° open , the door to he car , vanowen notice a renovate old checker park up the street , I stare at the man at the wheel a moment , but be unable to fix he face . Claude Ames return he stare ; Leo Ross sit beside he . vanowen get into he car and drive off , sitting behind the wheel , vanowen be deep in think , sereen fade to dark blue , 7 pa Ace : cur ' to : oe Te soo 79 79 , ext . barksdale atb night ( 1967 ) small star-like dot appear on the blue field . the screen come into focus and we realize they be star . we be watch the southern sky . camera pan down to barksdale sac Air Force base in northern Louisiana , inside the 142nd squadron headquarters , a red emergency light be flash . a 1967 Air Force calender hang on the wall , Three young pilot , ed tupelo , maurice johns and tim rocco , hastily fasten they Air Force jacket and trot out toward 's the hanger . a uniform sipien run beside they . oeric en ae en bot — let 's go . kick it in . Three F - 105 " thunderbird " be be prepare for flight as the pilot job toward then . the pilet climb into they interceptor jet and the hatches be close behind they . the jet zoom down the runway into the night sky one by one . after the last jet leave : a member of the ground crew hustle over to the nonweprbet officer . . ground crewman what 's happen . 's what 's the scramble for ? oericer ( watch jet ) unidentified radar reading . CUT to : ext , louislana skie night ' the F - 105 assume a standard flighe formation at about 30,000 feat , Ed tupelo sit in the cockpit of he F - 105 , the pale red light of the instrument pane ) be reflect against he lace , to he right and lefe we cian see the light of rocco and johns ' jat . gu ~- tl ~~ iy 80 , continued tupelo 6 - 10 , noney - Babe to Ground Control . 30,000 foot on on course . Mach 1 . 18 degree north - northwest , we do not see anything yet . tupelo 's p.0.v¥. : the black sky yield only the familiar twinkle light of distant star . ground control 0.s. ascend to 40000 foot and continue on course . tupelo Roger . . tupelo pull back on the throttle and the three jet rise in formation , level off , tupelo again search the sky for anything usual , he check he radarscreen . a green dot beep at about 40 degree . . : tupelo honey - Babe the cround Central , we be get something now on the ppi . 42 degree tracking north - northwest at 42 degree . yessir . we should be gain on she now . be accelerate to 900 . ' the green dot draw closer to the center of the radarscreen . * then , suddenly , a dim light begin to materialize ahead of the jet . it grow in proximity and sizé until tupelo recognize the shape of a huge circular fly ship . tupelo . : Holy shit , there it be , honey - Babe to Ground ; '' lk Control . it 's right ahead of we and big as with fectbatt field . rgee be activate camera system , it look metallic and a least 100 yard across . ( to fellow pilot ) maury ? Tim ? you see it ? joun sure as hell do , what be it ? ' rocco I too , pescome , on strong , seem to have som : red Light : pattem across the center , or something , 1 never see anything , like it , 81 . oo _ “79 continued tupelo aright , boy , let 's move in and have a look -see . accelerate to 1,000 and proceed toward object , the jet close in on the ufo . rocco I be lose my ppi read . tupelo object now move at great speed . be lose co " e visual and radar renesere ( es bene [ :) the ufo vanish into the night . ( a ear , st 's go v : tupelo honey - Babe to Ground Control . do you still have a read ? await instruction . ! bay ground control 0.s. . >) pursue at all cogt , kd tupelo wee fie ee Roger , accelerate to 1,200 . approach full trottle . object completely go now , ground control 0.s. we be lose too , honey - Babe , it 's climb fast at 65 degree . tupelo 65 degree ...? johns ( interrupt ) oh , my God ! Ed ! here it be ! : tupelo swivel around and see the ufo move toward they at i ereat speed . ' tupelo it 's come right at we ! take evasive action ! even before he finish the sentence , tupelo sharply bank he = , jet to the leave , johns and rocco follow suit . the ufo zoom right across the position the diving jet hold the moment before . mee ( 82 , rm { ( 79 continued 3 ' rocco 0,S. e-sus ! : join Ed ? Tim ? you alright ? tupelo pull he F - 105 out of the dive . ground control 0.s. it 's circle --180-225-290-315 degree -- and slow down . 800 knot , pursue at all cost . tupelo I be okay . one more time , boy . let 's try she again . . rocco ) : what ? tupelo let 's go ! = ~ , ahead , the ufo seem to wait for the jet to reform and '' sn accelerate , they pursuc . tupelo honey - Babe to Ground Control . we be come on it again . 1,000 knot . 42,000 foot and . rise . 3 degree north , . ground control 0.s. commence fire . " tupelo what the hell ? whose order be that ? the ufo grow closer . ground control 0o.s. ( new voice ) licutenant tupelo , this be Commander akin , this order come from the top . sac conmiand take full responsibility . commerce fire immediately : tup 11.0 ee ( check altimeter ) — 42,000 foot . . : ground control 0o.s. rie '' ( old voice ) Fire onc ! ~ 79 83. continued - tupelo 44,000 foot , alright boy , let ‘em go . the F - 105 release a barrage of rocket at the object , the ufo veer upward , just evade the missile . tupelo 46,000 fcet and climb , Fire two . rocco jesus-fuck - Christ ! tupelo 47,000 foot , Fire ! the ufo climb again , evade the second rocket barrage . . tupelo 48,000 foot and climb . 1,200 knot . ue open it up full trottle . 49,000 eet . : rocco I be drop out . my engine can not take it . I be lose pressure . tupelo you with I , maury ? johns roger. _* ' tupelo 50,000 foct , Fire three , as rocco 's jet decend , the two remain F - 105 fire they third round of rocket , the saucer again evade the missile . the ufo climb , circle and hover above the jet , as if to taunt they to go higher . tupelo $ 2,000 foct , Wave reach ceiling . severe engine strain . lose pressure . ground controi . 0.s. discontinue pursuit , discontinue pursuit immediately , jonun I be still alright , Ed . I be go up after it , co . , 84 , cn '' 79 continued tupelo maury ! ground control 0.s. . Ground Control to honey - bear , discontinue ' pursuit immediately , tupelo Roger . let 's go back , maury . tupelo 's jet start to descend but johns ' F - 105 continue to climb . joun 54,000 foot . it 's come up on my right . ,- ground control 0o.s. Lieutenant johns ! discontinue pursuit ! return '' to base immediately ! ~ son : os 4 57,000 foot , here she be , I be gonna fire . ° swe above we there be a flash in the night sky . ground control 0.s. Lieutenant johns ! maury ! joun €.s. 60,000 foot . firing . oh. what ? my God ! oh , Ed ... . ' God ! look at it ! oh , Ed ... John 's jet burst into flame and plunge downward , High above he the ufo vanish from sight . there be only static on the air wave . tupelo watch johns ' plane crash toward the earth . CUT to : : 80 int . barksdale afb day commander akins , Paul vanowen ( age 47 ) and Lou iekman stand in a stark Air Force at barksdale , os through a two - way mirror , we see Ed tupelo sip , coffee and of J talk . he be be question by Bill higby and a assistant , tupelo pesture expansively as ho talk , wis motion indicate the path and fcliphe pattern of the ufo , co ( ~ 80 continued 85 . akins 0.s. I just want to make it clear I act only after specific order from command . vanowen 0.s. do not worry , Commander . you will not be hold responsible , akins 0.s. who be responsible ? there 's go to be a lot of question ask . vanowen 0.58 . . no one be responsible . maurice johns die chase a wheather balloon he think be a ufo . akins 0.58 . ( refering to tupelo ) there 's the problem . Ed tupelo say he 's go fe tell the press everything . he want to be a ero , : : vanowen o.s. and the other pilot ? akins 0.s. he accept the cover story . he 's a good career man , : vanowen 0 . 5s . and the film and tape ? akins 0ls . there be a malfunction in the recording system . you have the only copy . vanowen well , let I talk to he then , camera close on vanowen 's disturb face . CUT to : baarksdale arb day vanowen pace in front of tupelo , who uncomfortably watch he every move , Paul be on he bese debunk behavoir ; : cy continued 86 . vanowen this would not be . the first time a pilot | cau '' absolutcly swore ' 4 a fly saucer which | 's cam later turn out to bea weather balloon . tupelo ( interrupt ) if you will excuse I , sir , but I have hear all that explanation before . I know what I sav , and I be go to tell my story . vanowen think a moment , then change he stategy . he through try to convince or appease tupclo , his face flash with anger , he turn on tupelo ? kieseenmarimaies d C vanowen alright , Mr. know -it-all , Mr. Sky King . listen , loser , I do not care what you think you see in the sky . this be not you sixth grade science glass you be talk to now , this be the stategic Air country which have respensibility for protect this whole goddamn country , and we be not go ‘to issue a report say a F - 105 sac pilot get zap chase wome gcutball asvess the sky . ( a beat ) and neither be you , small - timer , this be a top secret matter , and it 's go to stay that way . this be more important than one man 's life . tupelo ( determine ) I will expose it all if necessary , vanowen you just kiss you wing goodbye , Lieutenant , do you know that ? i£ you do not step in line , soldier , you be never go to step near a plane again . you ass be go to be court - marshall , you will never work again in you life . ' the Air foree will black - ball you to you grave . tupi .o ( weaken ) I can only say what I see , vanowen ( take he by : the collar ) you just try it , cur to ; 87 . int , _barksdale afb . day vanowen , hekman and Commander akin stand in a corridor . vanowen be speak to akin : vanowen you would better put Lieutenant tupelo under observation in the psychiatric ward for several week . e's under severe strain . I be sure he will be alright , though . akin walk off and vanowen relax he callouse exterior . he be sick with himself and what he have do . he walk with - hekman part way down the corridor , hekman 's expression request a explanation from vanowen . Paul finally turn to he and say sadly : vanowen thik let this be a lesson to you , Lou . you throrght t'nyéy a honest decent man , well , this show yee how quickly the best - of - menm can revert to eing the thing they - hate ; most. vie a beat ) qw I think I gotta puke : hue vanowen walk down the corridor alone . cut to : int . project grief movie theater day we watch the flicker black - and - white movie image of maurice | johns explode plane . it crash to the earth as we hear he last word : johns 0.s. 60,000 foot . firing . oh. what ? my God ! oh , Ed ... . God !. look at it ! oh , Ed ... the movie projector shut off and the house light come up . the various staff member of Project gricf be sporaticly seat in the plush grief screen room . the wall be adorn with frame movig poster from such film as War of the world , they come from outer Space and when world collide . the stall member file somberly out of the room , leave kilne and van0wen , Paul walk over to kilne : of ~ ( /3 continued 88 , vanowen augie , this be the last time I be go to cover - up for one of you mistake . one man be dead , another be in the bannana ward . and what have we get to show for it ? nothing . ( a beat ) I think we have be do this all wrong . first we try to find a rosetta Stone , but that do not work . they we decide to try to shoot one down . blast it out of the sky , get a hold of a saucer , or at least a piece of one . well , that do not work either and now we have a dead pilot to account for , : kilne I do not like to see that any more than you do , Paul . vanowen well look , we have not have any success try to communicate , we beam radio signal , math problem , tonal scales} no response . we be at the wrong erd of some crazy surcvellieace game . we can not make they communicate , and they do not volunteer of they own . maybe they do not think we be worthy of it -- God know if I would blame they , maybe it 's just like if we discover some prehistoric animal on a mesozoic planet . would we walk over to a brontosaur and say , '' hi . we be from Earth . what 's up ? " no , we have get to stop deal with they on we term and start deal with they of they term , : kilne how can we do that ? vanowen and kilne step into the corridor . by the door hang a movie poster from the craduate with a sign read , " Thursday , 9:00 . " vanowen we will juse have to figure out they term , figure out how they cawmmicate , the dolphin do not ask we to speak dolphinese , we should not ask they to speak karthian . kilne go on. of , 89 . ' '' 83 continued vanowen ( think ) well , we will have to entice they to come to we . stop chase they . lure they close enough so we can observe and decipher , kilne ~ what do we have that they want ? fe al : a- {& . vanowen . - c give I time , I be think . , CUT to : 84 int . grief kitchen night vanowen be catch a evening snack in the large Project grief kitchen , he take a bite from a sandwitch and sip the last swallow from a glass of milk , empty lass in hand , he walk over to the refrigerator to a refill , ' as be open the door , the refrigerator motor activate , create , a rum . ' the hum quickly dissolves to the sharp , pierce saucer SOUND . . . : Paul quickly shut the door , kill the sound . frightened he rest momentarily against the door , ) 4c we hear Lou lekman 's footstep as he walk in : hekman C you alright , Paul ? . '' hea . tt t vanowen : ( straighten up ) yeah , just this dim headache again , here var ow en «thet ete they be gonc for a couple year , but chen} m4 ' they come - back again , sometimes I hear noise , sometimes I sce thing , sometimes I think people be other people , ( a-vegt ) o. now old be you Lou ? — yen ae , of ~ 2 ) nekman thirty -two , yer wr c™ continued . os >) - vanowen gua why do you stay herc ? wee be hekman I like it here , Paul . f4 Hell , I be never much with people on the outside . I be always a unhappy kid , this be a godsend for I . vanowen well , this be the last chance . for I , I have get to get to the bottom of this , I have get . to know -- that 's the only way I will straighten out , ( think ) we be gonna start a new program , Lou . we be gonna bring them to we . call it Project entice , CUT to : int . grief laboratory day ( 1968 ) a large helf - build fly saucer model stand in the main iad . the table have be push back to make room for it , hekman , miko and carey be meticulously construct the model . they have finsih the silver - prey lower structure and be work on the rim . a 1968 Air Force calender hang en-theawaid behind they , . . several miniature saucer model sit on a work table and the wall be hang with complex blueprint , vanowen study the model then walk up to helman ; :. vanowen Lou , you have not get it quite right . if the reflection be tq run dow this section of the craft , the angle here will have to be bank up a bit more , ° carey how 's kilne 's work come ? vanowen awh , he and tabulis be still try to perfect that pulsar simulatation pattern , radiogram to Mars . hekman ( pick up earlier conversation ) then where will we put the light ? 87 , N — 91 anowe . same place suet @ ftle deepen contirued miko how 's the dome come ? vanowen ok . it 's the accounting that 's a headache , the af plastic division want to know : why a $ 28000 single - construction dome fall under the category of general expense . he tell I the Air Force run a very tight ship carey what do you tell he ? vanowen I tell he to stick he tight ship up he tight ass . CUT to : ext . artic circle '' day wind whistle across a vast snowy wastelend . a cluster of truck , ecarth -isover and trailer be huddle together against the artic cold , : a short distance away bundle workmen be construct a huge semi-circular " building . " its stark skeletonic structure resemble a huge net design to catch the winter wind . brace against the wind , Paul vanowen , wrap in fur and overcoat , watch the worlumen climb the scaffold . vanowen be tie to the main trailer by a long rope . Lou hekwan , also tethere to the trailer , plod over to vandwen and tap he on the shoulder . together they turn and , draw in they rope , pull themselves back to the trailer . CUT to : int . MAIN trailer day a architecture model ind " artist 's rendering " of the in - prograss structure rest on a table in the trailer : tt appear to be a three - story structure , approximately twenty yard deep and one hundyve yard in circumference . there be foux color horizontal panel oranse , blue , red and yellow -- run , across its inside si e , . there be poneral marking on this panel , but they do not represent anything , 92 . continued ‘oh a ay ast ss August kilne sit - wait in the trailer . his coat be open and he be sip hot coffee , slap themselves , vanowen and lickman climb into the trailer and close the door behind than , vanowen , ( to kilne ) hello , augie . hekman ( to vandwen ) even the workmen do not stay out more than a half hour at a time , chief . vanowen do not worry about I , : ( to kilne ) what in God 's name bring you up here , aguie ? kilne ( stand ) I hate to have to say this , pav ] , but T have order to tell you to cease this program immediately . I be sorry . ( hand Paul letter ) it come from the Joint Chiefs . top secret . . vanowen but they do not even know what this project be about . : kilne that 's why they upset about sink two million into ite alsendy . the war 's drain a lot of money and there 's no end in sight to this boondoggle up here , now that Nixon 's be elect the Joint Chiefs be worried . they - ts , [ vy ean only hide so much money . vanowen then they can dam well hide some more . only one dollar in twenty ever reach the battle front anyway , kilne but this be order , . vanowen seucl the order . this project will continue , what be they yoing to do ? send a battallon up here to stop I ? cut off fund and risk I expose Project cricl ? the hook 's in now . they have get to dam well continue , coconut ty on ~ 88 93 . continued vanowen ( to hekman ) when be the saucer go to be deliver ? 4 [ ekman Three week , they be bring it in by C - 5 . kilne what 's go to be dumb enough to come and , look at you billboard , Paul ? vanowen 's passion transcend he logic at this point , he have take the right course and reason will not sway he from it . vanowen they will come because I say they will . the extraterrestials will have to come , they curiosity will bring they -here . sooner or later they will come down a take a look . and then we will see who will laugh last when I get my total reading : picture , radio wave , . spectroscope reading -- we will have the key we have be search for . they be out there , augie , I know that . and sooner or leter they will come here , they have to . kilne look at hekman who only shrug as if to say , - " sure , he 's erazy but what can I do about it ? " vanowen I be willing to stake my position on it , augie . and my job , . : kilne you may have to . CUT to : ext. artic circle nigut bank of light shine on the nearly complete structure , only the panel need to be add . a tether line lead into the interior of the structure . inside , Paul vanowen , breathe steamy air , check over the reeently install equipment , there be camera , recorder and monitor of all kind . ne look out a camera and see the inclose sewi-circle : empty , wait . cur 0 : om : . 94 , artic circle day the winter sun shine across the snowfield . a giant C - 5 stand on a makeshift runway . in the distance stand the nearly complete structure , : a snowtruck drive across the snow pull the complete saucer model . it be a near replica of the one see by the barksdale pilot . vanowen watch and approve , his face beam with pride . ' CUT to : 90 int . MAIN trailer — day vanowen and heluman be look over a aviation chart , vanowen do the pilot have he instruction ? hekman yes . he 's go to take the saucer model up every sideral month start the 5 th . air a 4 space have be clear , then he will bring it hoa back into position . he 's part of the dew , line , there 's no security problem . vanowen what do he think ? hekman well ... * vanowen vanowen 's folly ? let they think what they want . how be the panel come ? hekman they should be here any day now . vanowen be they ... ahh ...? nekman ( reassure ) they be just as you design they , Paul . -~\ vanoven smile , ~ CUT to : 95 . ext . artic circle nigut vanowen and helman stand by the trailer watch a jet idling on the runvay . behind the jet sit the saucer model , the jet move down the runway , pull the saucer behind it . as the jet pick up sp@ed , it cut its light and activate the light mount in the saucer model , vanowen and nekman follow the jet 's course by eye , then by binocular , as it zoom into the artic night . Far away in the sky , we see a mysterious ufo move seemingly underit own power , it 's soft red and blue light blink systematically , . as it fly we hear the ewemetreretbine so ff saucer SOUND . CUT to : * ext . history wall night Paul vangiren stond ja frent of the mulsi - color histery wali . the saucer model las beea place iu the semi-circle in front of he , the camera slowly zoom past vanowen , past the glow saucer and approach the history wall . : . bank of floodlight shine down upon the wall , illuminate it as bright as a billboard . : as we draw closer , we realize the semi-circular structure be actually a giant exhibit . each of its four color horizontal panel display a different phase of man 's development . only pictosram and elemental symbol be use to trace the planct 's istory . : the camera slowly par across cach of the panel : the orange panel show the earth 's relationship to the sun , the sun to to galaxy 's , and the galaxy to the know universe . the blue panel trace the geological history of the earth from prehistory to the present , the red panel delineate the course of terrestial life from anomia to modern man , the yellow panel show the progress of science from primitive man to the present , as the eamera pan , the saucer sound grow into the outer space sourd and finally expanls into the celestial SOUND , Te ls a bupre e sight : the history of man and he planet . ecapsulize on a gigantic billboard in the midst of the artic nist . oir van , of i a cs N U 96 . '' 93 int . '' grief laboratory night a long bank of monitor silently wait in the main Project gricf lab , they be register every activity within the semi-circular artic history wall , a vidarmonitor show the saucer model rest in its proper place . all the monitor be dormant . the screen fade to wiite , . 7 nos ht CUT to : : SF 94 int . grief laboratory day ( 1975 ) 4 , no a_ xed dot appear in the center of the white field . a mass of green slow z encroach from the edge of the screen until it surround the white circle contain the red dot . the screen come into focus and pull back and we recognize the right side of Paul vanowen 's head . vanoyre , anesthetize , lics on a tchle in the lab , a green sheet have be puile up tu nis neck ; belt hold he rigidly to the table under the sheet . a white circle have be shave above he right temple . a green surgical cloth cover the unshave hair . hekman and miko , wear mask and gowns , stand over vanowen . use a high -speed surgical drill miko drill a pin-point hole into vanowen 's craniun , . . after the wound have be clean , hekman insert a miniature thin electrode into the hole with a surgical clamp . it be a exact fit , . . they prepare to drill another hole . ccut to ; 95 int . project grief --ground level day ~~ vanowen step out of the elevator at ground level . smiling and confident , he appear in the best of health , we be wear ras natty three - piece conservative suit . wis hair have be brush over the shave area on he right temple , he couch the spot gingerly to make sure the hair be - in place , neds to the Guard and walk down the corridor toward the center of lhe ap complex , cur pn. 97 , ( 96 int . '' af reception desk day ' Paul stride into the reception room and find Judy Nicholas wait for he . she be thirteen year older than when he ( and we ) see ber last , but remain a very good - look woman , i vanowen seem genuinely delighted to see she : vanowen ( embrace she ) Judy . Nice to see you again . judy ( a little take back ) you too , Paul . vanowen please forgive the delay , it take a long time for word to pass from '' up here '! to '' down there ' ' -- but you know about the security system , ' judy co I I would almost repress it . how be everyone ? ne vanowen let 's go outside . it *s such a nice day . vanowen escort Judy out of the building . CUT to : 97 ext , grief afb location day vanowen and Judy walk along the sidewalk . toward a outdoor garden and lunch wagon , uniform Air Force personel filter past they as they walk , the planetarium be visible in the distance . vanowen ( continue ) otis , miko and Lou be still here . ike the poor , they will always be with we , tabulis leave a couple year after you do . a couple new people hive join we , but , all in all , it 's pretty much the same old family . how be you ? . judy ™~ yo be honest , petting out of the '' black hole " be the - of : 7 best thing , that ever happen to I , I get marrvied -- have a couple affair ? -- y0c divorced and land a nice cushy job in research at the U of m , '- C ‘y continued 98. vanowen so much for the black hole theory , so what bring you back ? : judy ( serious ) I would not have come back normally . Project grief be a close chapter in my life . but something be happen I think you ought to know about . they sit in the garden , vanowen which be ? judy a couple reporter come to my apartment ask about you , they want to know everything . . Lone vanowen and you tell thei ? judy you know I would not say anything , Paul . but they say you be in some sort of danger . that you have go to you bank and close you account ... vanowen who be they ? judy . they be from the trib . Claude Ames and a Leo Ross , vanowen thanks . I try to handle it . judy you do not understand , they be out to blacken you name , they have get you peg as a big wheel in the military - industrial complex , they be go to twist and turn everything you have do and make it look like dirt . how can they do this to you ? ( a beat ) have something , serious happen , Paul ? 99 , CO '' conrime Tel ) s2 ) continued 44 pore t : vanowen . - 7 ° " well , I have be go around and see some people I have not see in a long time . straighten , out some legal matter -- and some personal matter , in fact , I be think of pay a visit to you . I be very glad you { come , . judy that 's very kind . Judy run she hand across Paul 's cheek and across he upper chest , her finger touch something which stop she hand cold . she feel again , she finger rub across a implant sensor . supy — @r* something be happen , be not it Paul ? and it have to do with the Project . . vanowen ' I think that be a close chapter in : . you life ? : : € a ) of —/ Judy notice the shave area on hie right temle . she brushes aside the hair to reveal several implant electrode . judy what be you do ? what 's go on ? - vanowen Judy , you know I can not tell you . you be on the outside now . . * judy I can keep a secret , vanowen but I xca n'e tell you . judy but I spend four ycar in the Project , it be a very big part of my life . I have to know if something 's happen , Paul stand and gently take she by the arm : oo vanowen ' ») come on , let 's have lunch and talk about other thing . let 's enjoy the sunshine . CUT to : w. 98 100 . ext . | _—__— evans_ ‘idaiio day the main street of Evans be alive with commotion . several large National Guard truck be roll down the street and soldier line the sidewalk , everyone seem to be confuse . the ufo curiosity - secker only add to the confusion . the town in still experience its ufo flap . a banner headline of the local paper proclain , " sighting continue . " a large sign advertise a forthcoming lecture title , " do Flying saucer bring heal ? " by " rev , d&& " armand Jones . the truck come to a halt and the National guardsman help people with suitcase onto the truck . a group of thé sick - and the infirm ( come to hear the answer to Rev. Dr. Jones ' question ) require special assistance , all up and down the street citizen and visitor be pack suitcase and belonging into they car and drive away . Bill higby and a policeman be answer the question of anxious citizen : . 1st citizen be there any danger ? . higby not at the moment . everyone must be evacuate by morning . there be no danger to Evans now , the Army be afraid the wind might shift south , : 's 2 nd citizen . it do not have anything to do with the fly saucer do it ? higby . nothing at all , mam , a plain ordinary train ( lay ru. overturn nesr Black Mountain . a car of pressurize fertilizer overturn and the amny would like the area evacuate . a army major walk up to higby and pull he aside : major Lieutenant ? higby yas , Major . . . , . major be everything under control ? gc 98 101 . continued higby I think so , sir . we should have everyone evacuate by nightfall , major good work , the Major turn and walk up the block , higby , remember a question , call after he : higby Major ? Major ? higby start to follow the Major when he see he stop and speak to someone sit in a black cadillac limousine park at the curb . the Major exchange several comment with the man in the limousine and continue on . walk closer , higby recognize the man in the back seat : poul vanowen , higby walk up to the limousine and knock on the window : higby vanowen ? Paul vanowen ? vanowen buzze down the automatic window . vanowen ( cold ) yes ? higby what be you do here ? vanowen be not pleased that higby have recognize he , but he can not resist get back at the man who once ursurped he job . vanowen you ask too many question , higby . do I ever tell you that ? hicby but , sir ... >. 102 . continued vanowen I be just follow order . if you have . any sense , you would stop gawk and start do the same . get to work . vanowen buzze up the window and motion for the driver to pull away . vanowen 's limousine drive away and higby resumojhis task of order confuse pcople around , 100 102 i ) cut to : int . limousine day vanowen and hekman sit in the back of the limousine . Paul be go through a sheath of blueprint . . out the window , a line of evacuate car stream past the Idaho countryside . : CUT to : eat . idako day vanowen 's limousine slow down and pull off on a small dirt side road , ~ : come out of a clump of tree , the limo pull up beside several cover Air Force truck park in a clear . vanowen and hekman get out and walk over to truck . otis carey and August kilne walk over and gre@&them with glad handshake . there be a sense of anticipation in the air . CUT to : ext . grief afb location afternoon a exterior shot of the planetarium and the Air Force complex , it be see from the pein e oe sain of : Claude Ames and Leo Ross , who be seat in remodel checker across the street , ave stare intently at the Air Force base . Ross rest he head against the back of the seat . Ames finally tire of he stake - out , and turn the greeter ignition , the engine turn over but will not start . Leo Ross ke sit up : ( '' 102 continued xe - ross I know there be something wrong when you say we should take you car . AMES what 's wrong with this car ? : ross ! nothing , if you want to haul scrap metal . AMES , ( struggle with the ignition ) that and a lot else , let I tell you this car have carry in its day a decease human body , eight shiver lose boy scout , five hundred pound of confiscate explosive , two chinese diplomat and a thousand leaflet . promote the supremacy of the white race . . that 's what I call a all - purpose vehicle . ' ( a beat ) what kind of car do you have ? to . ross co '' ~ a datsun 12602 . os AMES what 's that ? a compact car ? ross a sport car , Ames finally turn over the engine . he pump gas into the sputtering motor and pull off . AMES Big deal . ross why be we leave ? AMES we be not go to find out anything here . ross : but this be where vanowen work . AMES le yeah , but it 's tighter than a toad 's ass . we 7 . could hang around till doomsday and not learn fre anything . ross : bue something 's be happen , there , oan ' ' ' lo - . 104 . C 102 continued AMES you would better believe it . vanowen visit he wife , daughter , banker , make he farewell each time , we visit Judy Nicholas ; she visit vanowen here . and now I know for sure something 's go on . . ross how ? AMES the editor say the Air Force suggest we not waste we time on this story . . ross what do that mean ? AMES that mean there 's a story for sure . ross can they kill it ? AMES heck no . the Air Force still think it 's 1958 , thinks they can call the line on any story they want , it 's just the opposite today . the af could not get a reporter to believe they if they tell he water run - downhill , ross what do they say ? AMES the usual . vanowen be supposedly work on some top secret matter involve '' national security . " he 's in something alright . and whatever it be , we will find out sooner or. later . ross it would better be sooner , have AMES dpfimacever 's happen , it 's happen right now . I can feel it straighe through my bone , something big , be go , down , and it 's happen right now -- somewhere , cur to ; 103 ext . WD - Inside one of the truck we can see row of bulky steeb monitoring device , idaho night a large spotlight illuminate a circular area near vanowen 's limousine and the Air foree truck . whit -e staintess — two workmen stake out a long regtangle . this mark the area to be excavate . after the workmen complete string the stake , they call in a backhoe . the backhoe begin digging the long trench , vanowen and hekman watch on : hekman gs xc wetee it 's too bad about that nerve gas business . it make everything more difficult . vanowen I know . but we have no choice , . hekman 7 why do we have all that early sighting . there be six of they . varcven it I know the answer to thac , Lou , I would be fifteen year young today . I think we should be thankful there have be any sighting at all . : . hekman . xsan , halitosis be better than no breath at all . vanowen ( smile ) yep . two more day and we will find out , he ( look at watch ) we have - get to be head back tu the motel , I will pick up my bricfcase first . hekman turn and walk back toward a small light trailer , vanowen 's eye follow he , camera close on vanowen and sexvreon fade to dark blue , 106 106 . int . grief planetarium & observatory day ( 1971 ) a wavy yellow line fistail its way across the blue field . the image cone into focus to reveal the yellow path of a oscilloscope read . camera pull back through the Project grief planetarium and observatory , a 48 - inch telescope rest on railway track which run through the room . the telescope have be wheeled to the side of the room and the observatory window close so that the room.can serve in its secondary function as a planetarium , . Paul vanowen ( age 51 ) and Lou hekman be slouching in two . comfortable chair talk and sip drink . a 1971 af calender hang to they rear . vanowen you want another drink , Lou ? hekman no. vanowen what shull we see now ? hekman ( think ) let 's take a look at cassiopeia , vanowen okay . vanowen flip a switch cut off the light and fill the planetarium with stary dot , CUT to : int . grief montage day life move at a leisurely piace in the grief conplex : -- the long corridor lead to the lab be quict , the long ellsworth Kelley painting and a darken red emergency flasher watch over the scene . -- kilne lounge in the game room , carey lethargically shoat pool with himself , -- the poster outside the scrern room advertise french conneet ion , sound come from inside the room . ~ nh 107 '' ' ( o 107 , continued . sudderly , a honk alarm go off and the red emergency light begin flash in the corsider corio or , -- kilne and carey bolt into the corridor and dash toward the lab . -- miko and other scramble out of the screening room . planetary , -- vanowen and iickman run out of the pharneterium , helaan , barely have time to set down he drink as they head for the elevator . CUT to : int , lab day the bank of monitor in the lab be alive with activity , something have enter in Project E , tice artic semi-circle . ( the entice — monitor have be move to a less conspicuous part of the lab . ) kilne and carey be the first to reach the monitor . they be soon follow hy Mike and the other , carey something be come into the field ! vanowen and hekman , huffing and puffing , arrive last . every monitor be register foreign activity in the entice field . there be , as yet , no video image . hekman what be the reading ? miko could it be a animal ? - carey this be no animal ! look at the spectroscope reading ! kilne what be it ? hekman what 's wrong with the video ? carey all the reading be woving in syne now . look at they ! miko my God , of oq 108 , ° 107 continued hekman this be it , carey ( impatient ) where 's the video ? kilne do not get you hope up , vanowen turn to kilne . . vanowen . this be it , augic . I be right . Project entice have work . now you be the one who have to get out , excite voice continue in the background as they talk . kilne what do you mean ? vanowen . ( forcibly take kilne 's arm ) let 's go , augie . you always try to block this program . kilne but ... hl here come the video ! vanowen and kilne both stop in they track and watch the monitor . . camera close in on tv monitor . the image gradually comesin : fwo bulky white humanoid shape stand by the saucer model . they be look , up at the camera ( mount be ' vind the lighted history wall ) . a mechanical contraption can have see behind they , with erent difficulty . they shape the creature inch forward '' become clearer , avy call ow carey 0.s , it 's eskimo ! it 's two gaddman eskino ! hekman 0,5 , shit , 7 ( 0 109 . continued carey 0.s. two eskimo and a goddamn snowmobile . what in the hell be they do up there anyway ? the staff member turn dejectedly to each other . hekman another false alarm , carey open a log by the monitor . he speak as .he make a notation in it . carey that make 52 reindeer , 29 caribou , one meteorite , two eskimo and a snowmobile . vanowen have release he grip on kilne : vanowen dam it . . carey at least it 's more interesting than pool solitaire , staff member I wonder if anybody shut off the projector . miko ( refering to movie ) we will have to start the chase scene all over again . vanowen : ( to kilne ) sorry , augie , kilne he fe I do not know how to tell youg , but my new pulsar program all but fall through this morning . 4 alse , vanowen I strike out too . I give up . it 's time to have entice dismantle . ( gesture to monitor ) they look at each other as the other staff member begin co file out , kilne what do you say ? cee ee ee the ee ee wee tene cane ee . '' '' ( h07 110 , continued * vanowen smile and extend he hand : vanowen I say we serap this program and start over again , kilne smile and warmly take he hand . kilne it 's a deal , vanowen put he arm around kilne and they walk out . camera close on tv honitor : the two eskimo finally get feed up with the history wall , climb into they snowmobile and drive ofz . CUT to : int . game room day ( 1972 ) another cay , another year . nebman be play chess with carey in the game room , miko read a book and . watch tv : Nixon and hcgovern be campaigning . vanowen walk over to hekman carry a letter : vanowen somebody want to talk to I , Lou , hekman what do you mean ? vanowen a guy name ruchben ravanski . ne say the space creature tell he to get in touch with I ? tekman . huh ? vanowen just what I say . iekman now do he know who you be ? vanowen : I do not know . the letter be just address : paul vanowen , United States Air foree , Earth , " lot take about two month to lind I , c ) 111 . 108 continued mo b ie ) hekman I wonder how he get you name , vanowen ( check letter ) we life in a place call Bellevue garden in Tampa . h : you be not think of go , be you ? vanowen think of it , you want to come along ? Tampa ! 's nice . we can get a.place on the each , hekman now you be talk . hekman finally make the move he have be study . . herma cre caray erman , you know , otis , we have '' play what -- maybe five , six thousand game together ? -- and I do not think you chess play have improve one iota in all that time . carey . I be try to hustle you , CUT to : 109 «~ ext . bellevue garden . day vanowen 's long black limo drive through a upper class residential section in Tampa . Paul be at the wheel . both he and " ekman be wear brightly told - Hawaiian shirt . < a roll - up beach towel lie on the scat between they , ' they - seem to be have a guood time ; they exude the outpoing air of man on vacation , vanowen cheek the street nimber as they past . we recheck ravanski 's letter and slow down . the car stop in £rone of a large institutional building with sweeping yreen lawns , ae sipn read '' Bellevue garden Hospital . " Mr. ravanskii dive at the cunny larw , 110 112 . contirued vanowen look at Lou as if to say , " I shouda know , " and pull into the hospital parking lot . CUT to : int . beelevue garden day a nurse lead vanowen and nekman down the plushly carpete hospital corridor . Bellevue be strictly a rich man 's nuthouse : she open a door mark " rueben ravanski " and usher they in . ravanski 's suite be a wonder to behold : a ufo musuem in miniature : the wall be hang with large photo blow - up of " space craft " and " space creature . " the bookshelf be cramme with ufo end * ET literature ; back issue of Flying saucer Review and the ufo inve zator be stack everywhere . a large '' telescope sit a poisu : vy ae walidow , Flying saucer " '' arvifact " litcer the room and several hand - make ufo model hang from the ceiling . rueben ravanski , a small , wear , friendly old man , sit in 2 batter causy chair by the window . nurse | Mr. ravanski , Mr. vanowen and Mr , hekman be here to see you , his eye light up : ravanski wonderful , wonderful , I know you would come , please , please sit down , vanoven and ihekman find seat amid the clutter , ' the nurse excuse herself and exit . she step out into the hall , close , the door softly behind she , : CUT to : 111 '' int . ravanski be room day will ravanski have already begin he extraordinary tale , ~~ 113 . continued . ravanski , like a wind - up doll , become animated as he speak : he tired leg gain strength , he sagging arm gesture expansively , he cye glow like a cat 's , becomm increase absorb in he own story , ravanski crouch by he old chair . soon he be adrift in a world of he own . ravanski speak -- with a East european accent -- in lush victorian . prose . wis vocabulary , syntax and sensibility be all relic ef geort a earlicr age , . ( contenuina ) ) ravansk , as be my custom , I go to a certain downtown hotel where I always stay and register . I tip the bellboy and stand alone in my simple room , what reason ‘had bring I there I do not know , what unseen force pull I so ? suddenly , come to a decision , I go downstairs , cross the elegant lobby and wander into the cocktail lounge . I remember miss s- - a former student of mine who must remain nameless -- and go into the phone booth and call she . she be delighted to hear from I and say she would come over immediately . she , not own a automobile , say it would talc she be hour to arrive by bus , thon I know it be not miss S I be speak with at all . the telepathic message the venusian have be try to send I have finally get through . this be not to be , of course , the first trip I have make to venus . my first voyage be in 1956 , but you undoubtably know all about that from my book , I will autograph a copy if you like . '' ( gesture to Zeit} when the car come to pick I up , the driver , of course , be not miss S at all , but rakon , the venusian I have meet in my earlicr voyage . we ride cw in he , black 4 - door pontiac — some forty - five minute eo through the dark outskirt of town . come — scrad , = , = the desert , I see it , the " scout ship . " afprceiery - ( gesture lo photo on the wall ) rakon say that daru , my martian friend , have report favorably on we meeting . he say they be all await my next book , ( con 't ) Lou hekman have be get inercasingly ced - up with this ¢+ne ef claptrap , I lean over to vanowen , who have be listen tolerantly , and whisper in he ear : '' hekman ( to van0wen ) I can stand any more of this , I be poing out to the car , meet I there , 114 . '' ( Ani conriunn - 7 " hekman excuse himself , stand up and leave . ravanski hardly notice he departure , ravanski ( co not ) uranantha be my guide . on we planet she would be call rakon 's sister , but they have ' no family there . uranantha look very much like a earth woman , except she have silver eye and long silver hair , she wear a ski-type brown pee suit and round she wait be wound a orange elt , we make love in front of a great bay window as we ship journey the seemingly short distance to venus , meteor drift eriely y and she tell I all the secret of life on she planet . venus come up rapidly on we right and uranantha suggest that we go on to saturn since I have never be there . I gladly agree . venus pass quickly by . I could see the yellow cloud that have so entrance I on my first visit . suddenly , we be hit by a shower or meteorite and the ship shook violently from side to side , uranantha grab my sleove , tren ak say there be another man on my planet -- they de not call it Earth , but kelo - - that I must meet and she mention you name , she say you be a friend of space people everywhere . then she sing I the : song I be to sing to you . it have a light melody but :no rhyme -- venusian song do not rhyme . she seng like this : ( sing in a lilt voice ) melodically we course we way , from distant star we path be warpe , everyone dance like leave in the storm , they hit a plate and make a song ... vanowen suddenly become absorb in ravanski 's song . his face go pale , he jaw drop , he hear the low pierce saucer suund . before ravanski can finish he song , vanoyen complete the lyric for he , the word come from vanowen spontancously and without warning . ie be alnost as if someone else be speak through he mouth , vanowen +.. and make a song , by music alone sowe - be propel , weary pilgrim , welcome home , ravamski be delighted . I hop on he foot . 112 115 , continued ravanski " ry music alone some be propel . weary pilgrim , welcome home . " she say you would know the song ! she say you would know the word ! vanowen seem in shock . he stare blankly forward , he lip trexbling in fear and trepidation . the saucer sound grow louder and become the outer space SOUND . ravanski begin tose to the tune of the outer space sound : ravanski by music alone some be propel , ka - fa-roo- pho-Llie-ka- fa-roo-pho-lie-ka- fa - roo-pho-lie-ka-fa-roo-pho-lie ... a misty view of the site superimposes over vanowen 's pale face . the orange glow reflect against he cheek , we drift though quter space , kavanski 's go merge with the music of the sphere : the celestial SOUND , we pass the planet , the star and wind we way toward the tifid nebula . wempadunceniam . CUT to : int , bellevue garden day Paul vanowen , he face still livid , walk mechanically down the carjoird corridor , the celestial sound fade away . he look grotesquely comical in he Hawaiian shirt . CUT to : ext , bellevue garden day Paul meet nekman by the side of the limousine . hekman | jhat guy be one of the original looney tune , Boy , he be crazy . . 116 , oo ay continued vanowen ' yes . he be crazy , I never realize that i before , . { ! 2 hekman : huh ! : vanowen I say I never realize that before . ( slap hekman on shoulder ) let 's go back , Paul walk around the car and get in , CUT to : 113 int . grief kitchen day vanowen and helman be have a snack in the kitchen . ~ Paul study the half cantalepe and glass of milk in front of NY he , several tiae he prepare co cup with a long sharp knife , then decide against it . = c_ inte the cuntaloy '' finally , he set the knife down and speak to hekman : vanowen : Lou , I have spend thirteen ycar do the wrong thing . think of that , it 's staggering . thirteen year run away from what I should have be run toward . remember when year ago augie use to talk about the rosetta Stone ? then we go through all that project ? observation and research , field study , try to shoot they down , the radiowave program , Project entice . what a waste of time , all that year I could not see one simple fact : I be the rosetta Stone , hekman come again ? vanowen turn he cantalope upside down on he plate and run he hand over its curve surface , vanowen now stupid we be , you cannot '' catch ! a q& . " lly saucer . " extraterrestial be noty ' they , " they be jus . " they ave a higher form of ( con ''t ) 3 . ae with ~ continued — of a . he run he cantalope , vanoven pick 117 , vanowen ( co not ) intelligence , ' and one can only communicate with a higher form of intelligence by likewise beconningnhigher form of intelligence . extraterrestial be not " out there ’... ( gesture broadly ) they be " in here . " ( hold he skull ) the ability to communicate with they be part of we inherent racial memory , we be all rosetta Stones . we all contain somewhere within ourselves | the secret to communication with hiee being I be only special because thirteén year ago this racial memory be thrust into my vacersetsee~and conscious mind . ( con 't ) hese x . finger across the brain - like skin of the vanowen ( co not ) instead sf pursue this memory , I run away from it . I think it be headache , nightmare , hallucination , craziness . I think I could rid myself of the nightmare by capture physical evidence . but ic be through craziness I must go . I must try to recapture that memory which be put in my mind thirteen year ago . be anybody in the Project experience in alter and higher state of consciousness ? in hypnosis ? . hekman . miko 's do a little work in that area , vanowen we '11 bring in somcbody from the outside if we have to . ( a beat ) we be go to start a new program , I be go back , Lou , I be go back to the moment thirteen year ago and find out what happen . ( look at catalope ) I be go back inside my wind , up the long , knife and plunge it into the top of the cacalope , cldiag it open every which way as if ie be he brain itsell , a4ithn aij ' S | CUT ro : . 118. int . - grief montage sequence day vanowen , hekman , miko and other prepare for vanowen 's new program : # - vanowen and nekman play a strip of tape over and over again , listein to it closely . vanqwen indicate he want a slight change make . -- vanowen and miko work out a visual program for the planetariv . miko shoot various stellar image on the ceiling and Paul comment on they , -- vanowen and a doctor jone be . sit in the game room . Dr. Jones have several complex chart depict various state of consciousness and he discuss they with Paul . CUT to : 115 int , corridor day vanowen and miko step out of the game room and walk toward the elevator . . miko be you ready ? . vanowen ' I hope we have better luck than last time . miko ( joke ) it usually take a good scientist longer to figure out what everybody elsc already know , CUT to : 116 int . planetarium day hekman and Dr. Jones be wait for vanowen and miko . Paul smile and tap hekman on the back : vanowen ready to go for number two ? hekman when you be , chief . vanowen Doctor ? 119 . cortirued dr . jone yes . vanowen well , let 's get start . vanowen take off he shirt and lie on a chaise lounge in the center of the planetarium , Dr. Jones prepare a hypdermic needle and give Paul a injectien in the arm . . Jones pull up a chair beside the chaise and sit down . miko lower the light . hekman flip on the tape recorder contain the phonetic loop SOUND : ka-fa-roo-pho-lie-ka-fa ... . ( Scientific aside : when 2 . loop of phonetic sound be play continuously , the listener , ue after a while , begin to hear new combination of sound , yee " word , " one scientist report when fytplay the word ' '' eo -gi-tate " in a continuous leop for many listener , he receive : aver 3,000 differant interpretation ef the sound pattern . viienctic loop have be use to induce hypnotic state . ) we listen to the phonetic loop until the sound begin to blur and form new combination . : miko flip on the planetarium light . the ceiling be a erie " night " blue , small light move from place to place . Dr. Jones bend over Paul , speak softly : dr , jone it be September 19 , 1960 . you be a Lieutenant in the United States Air Force , you have be in clarenceville , Indiana , make -a sighting report , you reccive a phone call in you motel room . ' the Police Captain ask you to drive to clarenceville und visit several suspect . you get into you station wagon and drive along the dark country road toward clarenceville . ' the night be black and the road be lonely . there be a erie feel in the air ... vanowen speak from he hypnotic sleep : yom 120 , " 116 contirued — vanowen it 's scem warm in here . it 's not that warm out , there 's heat on the back of my neck , I rub my neck , I can fecl the sweat drip down my check , it be warm , something be wrong . the engine be overheate . I should be able to make it into town . be the car . slow down ? how can that be ? there seem to be something behind I , I look but there be nothing there . this be very strange , I be lose oil pressure . the car be slow down . I will have to pull over . ( con 't ) we hear the saucer SOUND creeply softly onto the soundtrack . but this time , instead of cut to the symbol of memory , the camera stay on vanowen 's face . as he speak we intermittently hearthe outer space SOUND , phonetic - loop and celestial SOUND , but we see only he agonize and sweat face . . : vanovwen ( co not ) . whal ihis ? oh my ged . it cantt be . this eanit happen to I , what 's that ? be they speak to I ? be that word ? no , no , timecut : Dr. Jones be thrust vanowen deeper into the memory . dr . jone go on , Paul . what do you see ? what be happen ? look closer , . vanowen they be put something through my body , what be they do ? I can not stop , let I go . where be I now ? ( outer space SOUND ) : oh , here I go . this be wonderful . I be fly out past the planet now . I can recognize venus , it 's much different than they say , I keep go faster and faster , I can not ' stop . what 's this ? someone be try to speak to I ? what do you want to say ? louder , louder . oh , where be I yoing now ? ) I be far , far away . the Earth be disappear like a tiny blue dot . '' the barth be go now , 1 will never see it again . I be just another rock in the star , ka-roo- ka-roo , this be so. much fun . ( celestial SOUND ) what 's this ? ) where be [ go ? no , not there , 1 do not want the go in there , mother do not make I , I be inside now . where be T ? ) Te be dark in here . ( con 'y ) ~~ 116 117 a sj ) 118 121 , contirued vanowen ( co not ) let I see you face . do not stop I now , do not ! li must go on ! let I through ! do not stop I , pleasc , please , please , L have get to keep go ! let I go ! CUT to : int . grief game room day otis carcy and Dr. Jones be shoot pool . miko be watch television : the watergate hearing be in progress . vanowen , hekman and kilne be sit in another part of the room , Paul seem exhaust but placid , he speak calmly : vanowen I know where we be go to meet now , I mean I have see the place . it be the same place I have see for fourteen year . I just do not know where it be , or. when I be suppose to be there . I have get to go deeper , hekman how can we ? vanowen we will just keep at it . push . expand , try new technique . I be be block , but I know it 's there . it 's only a matter of ' time , ( a beat ) I know one thing , , Lou , before I can have the rendezvous I be go to have to go back and straighten out thing with people in my life . my wife , my daughter , I have do a lotta crap in my life , and it keep get in the way . vanowon seat he foot resolutely against the carpet . screen fade to white , CUT gio exy . idaiio day ( 1975 ) sit a reyular pattern of six color dot appear on the white leld , sereen come inta focus and we see the control panel of a large reetangyulie white monitoring device . oe 122. continued camera pull back to reveal carey and another technician testing the machine in the back of one of the truck near the Idaho site . a little way away , the earth -move crew have finish construct the long 6 foot deep trench . vanqwen and kilne look with approval at the work . : vanowen lift up he eye and gaze across the long knoll before he . we realize then that the Idaho site be the site , the mysterious mist - cnshroud image that haunt vanowen for so many year . di the mist have now be replace by sunshine bt not site still seem wrap in a outher - worldly aura - - or perhaps it be ; just the realization that so many year , so much money and sz make effort and anguish have go into the search for this place . the familiar orangisli glow which hover on the horizon in previous view of the site be now go . the workmen start wheeling the electronic machinery down a ramp into th cloth be drape across ths dirt wall be clucse through : the trench . : its purpose become clear : man will be able to sit underground and study the monitor . . : kilne and vanowen turn and walk back toward the truck . as they go they walk along a narrow ditch where worken be lay the heavy power cable which lead to the large trench . '' kilne I just want to say again that I do not approve of this . ( he gesture to he chest and head , indicate where vancwen have have the sensor implant ) I do not see any need for you to go through that . but then it be not my decision . or my body . vanowen . I think it be the least I could da . dozen of people have spend year on this prajecc , the povermuent have spend million , if something be to happen to I , if I be unable to report back , al ) the information we have striven ge . ha jeng , for would be lose , it have to inaure , there — — — — — ' be a thorough seientifie record lefe behind should something happen to I , ms .. 123 , 118 contirued '' 119 place , kilne what possibly could happen ? vanowen ( offhand ) oh , just about anything I guess . ( change the subject ) be everything on schedule here ? kilne ahead of schedule . we will be finish by tomorrow morning . Police up the area in the afternoon . everything 's quiet in Evans . the town 's desert , just a few National guardsman . vanowen Lou be I be flymg back now for the final preparation , kilne I will see you tomorrow then . vanuwen yeah , they shake hand . . CUT to : int . grief laboratory '' day a long tracking shot down the corridor into the lab : this be the final preparation scene . the door to the lab be open and we can see Paul stand in the distance , : Paul stand upright . we wear only tight blue jockey short . as we draw closer we can that he naked body be a maze of implant wire and sensor , wire run up he leg and along he aru , sensor be imbed in he chest , he leg and skull . ' Lou nekman be pive each electrode a quick charge of electricicy wie a long thin prode , vandwén 's body twitches which cach jolt . after this be complete , uekman drease vanowen in oa skto-tighe uy ety t breen vubber suit . azbervard , ant comb Paul 's hady back inte req ~ N ~- 119 120 124 , continued this complete , helanan take vanowen 's three - piece grey pin-stripe suit off a rack and help Paul into it , Lou button up the vest tier and straighten the red-and - black stripe tie . a gentleman 's gentleman could do no better . vanowen be ready . CUT to : ext . wright - patterson day Claude 's Ames all - purpose checker pull into the parking lot at wright - Patterson Air Force base , he and Leo Ross get out and walk toward the administration building . cuT to : int . wright - pattiorson day Ames and Ross be sit in lt . bill higby' office . higby swivel in he high - back desk chair . the decor of he office be depressingly institutional . AMES we come to you because you use to work with Paul vanowen . we be interested in anything you might know or remenber , higby ( to Ross ) you be the fellow I just meet , in Evans , right ? ross yeah , before they have that nerve gas train wreck , I wish I have stick around to cover thac story , more interesting than the sighting . nigby well , of course I emt tell you anything about Paul vandwe even if 1 know anything , that 's all top seeree government information , ecould n'¢ find out mysel£ if 1 want to know . - which I do not , ( con ''t ) a + , 125 . my ) 121 continued higry ceo not ) : but it 's funny you should mention vanowen , I just see he a couple day ago . for the first time in five year . where ? AMES higby that 's what be funny , he be in Evans , of all place , AMES : vanowen be in Evans ? . higby yeah , he be there when they be evacuate the town . : Li '' Ames take Ross by the arm and pull he to he foot . , AMES ( to higby ) 's I be sorry , Lieutenant . Excuse we just a moment , Ames take Ross outside higby' office . ross what 's up ? . AMES let 's go . ross to Evans , I do not know what 's happen but whatever it be , it 's happen there , and it 's happen now . it all fit , let 's get over to the airport , AMES what about he ? ( refering to higby ) h1igby : that twirp will be wait if we do not come oo _— , oo '' back for a week , 122 123 . 126 , continued '' Ames and Ross walk out of the office . CUT to : ext , idano site late ' afternoon the die ray of sun fall across the site . there be no activity to be see anywhere . the truck be go , the trailer pull away , the cable ditch and large equipment trench have be cover over by new sod , all appear virgin - - and ready , CUT to : int , trench late afternoon Soft multi-color light glow along the long row of white machinery . : carcy , mine and kilne ave seat at various position in front of the machinery . all the monitor be alive and activate ; they record every impulse send out from the sensor in vanowen 's body . one bank of dial record chemical composition , another all form of radio wave , still another monitor all of vanowen 's life function : he heart beat , blood sugar , temperature , brain wave and so forth , all at the moment be normal , '' vanowen and hekman stand at the end of the trench , for the first time in all he preparation , Paul seem apprehensive and anxious , hekman seem equally unsettle , he hardly know how to part with the mm he have serve for so many year , Paul look at he watch and turn to say something to hekman , he move he mouth but nothing quite come out . mekman maybe it will not come off , Paul , maybe it will be just another disappointment . vanowen look at 's Lou as if to say , '' we both know better , " hekman you donte have to go . nobody will blame you af you do not ? ~ 127 . 123 . continued vanowen I be ready to go , Lou . I do not know what 's go to happen : all I know be that I be supposcd to be in this place at this time . I may die immediately . I may end up a ginea pig on a operate table , I may become a specimen in a foreign zoo . whatever happen , I be ready , ( a beat ) look , Lou , there 's something I have not tell tell anybody because I do not know how they would reuct . when I have my final session , when I know that this be the time and place I have to be , when I know that the communication I seek would occur here , I also new I would never come back . I can not say how or why it come to I -- maybe I be crazy -- but this be the thing my whole life have aim for and it be _ , the end . I hope they take I away someplace else , I be ready for another world . ee ls se obtis carey lock up from the monitor and call out : carey the sun 's down , Paul . everything 's ready . ' vanowen ( to hekman ) then I guess it 's goodbye , lickman be hesitant , but there be something he too have to say : hekman Paul , there 's something I have want to say too . . cemotional ) '' Paul , you have heen like a father to I all this year . , I love you and I be go to miss you , hase anowen ( he voice break ) I too , Lou . i ' they embrace and Paul step over to August kilne , . of '' kilne it 's be a long road , Paul , LA 123 124 126 128 . continued vanowen yeah , it have , aen they embrace and Paul move down the line to miko and carey . vanowen say goodbye and warmly embrace each of they in turn . . then , without look back , he turn toward the stairway lead to the surface . his shakey leg climb the step , CUT to : ext . idaio site dusk vanowen stand alone on the barren stretch of ground , slowly he turn and head up the knoll . , CUT to : int . trench dusk helwan join the other at they place in front of the monitor . all the monitor be activate , carey watch the dial monitoring vanowen 's vital functidn . vanowen 's heart be beat rapidly . we hear below ground be the silence of anticipation and the click of dial . CuT to : ext . idano site dusk the click of the monitor fade as vanowen turn and proceed up the knoll , there be only silenee , then , almost imperceptibly , we begin to hear it : the inerease volume of click , from underground and the distant strain o£ the saucer SOUND , a oranye plow come up erom beneath the knoll and hover on the horizen , the site now duplicate the view of it we see in the pre-eredit , and that Paul first see in he encounter on the road to clarenceville , the orange glow rellece ayainse he cheek , 128 129 129 , continued the saucer sound increase , then we see it : a nuge red SUN rise from beneath the horizon . the saucer be rise from below the knoll . vanowen pause , then walk slowly toward the red semi-circle . he stop and raise he hand in the universal sign of grect . there , be a pause$ , then , slowly , the saucer begin to rise . a than row of blue light appear below the red semi-circle . - what we have previously see be only the dome of a much large ship . it continucs to rise . finally , its entire structure appear above the knoll , it be huge . its base , hundred of yard across , stretch from one end of the screen to the other , vanowen walk toward it . CUT to : int . ' trench dusk the camera pan across the monitor : all the meter be alive and register . vanowen 's life function remain stable . CUT to : ext . idaho site dusk vanowen approach the saucer , his hand be raise in greeting . we hear the organ SOUND . ' a door in the saucer appear to open , Paul walk in . CUT to : int . saucer eternity vanowen be inside the saucer . ne receive in vapid succession , all the sensation he have in he ci st encounter , in he nightmare , in he hypnotic world of knowlcdje and awareness , '' trance , but then he yous beyond they , explore entirely new '' ite een ag ing ' then she pes and form die une let , '' '' 130 , cont lnue vanowen receive , now in second , he in - depth X -ray . the ray cut innediately through he skin , blood , nerve and bone , leave only the pale glow of he soul , the saucer sound dissolves into the outer space SOUND . he’ hear world collide and he zoom through outer space . planet , star , nebulae pass he by in a flash . the music collasc into the celestial SOUND . amid the music of the sphere , we hear the musical phonetic loop SOUND . somewhere in the distance uranantha be sing about weary pilgrim propel by music alone , vanowen move inevitably , rapidly , toward the tifid nebula . we plunge in and be welcome by the darkness . in the darkness we hear the haunt phonetic loop sound , then face appear . they be move very fast now , they twist , distort , dissolve and blitz past we . we recognize a few as they pass : venowen 's mother , Sharon , Becky , Judy Nicholas , Jack este , Ed tupelo , rueben ravanski . we speed past the furbid land which ouce hold vanowen back , Paul have new plunge past the memory and the dream , he be explore new world achieve new knowledge , receive sensation never before experience by . man , how ly , the Doors of perce 's tod swing wode open : through he natural sense andyevery electrode plant in he body , vanowen be receive emotional , physical , intellectual and spiritual . information . the knowledge he mother once speke - of draw near , ay caine '' the face kecp spin and dissolve . then we realize the face be not random , but regressive . each face be the parent of the one preceed it . ' the son yield to the father yield to the grandfather . gencration flow past in flectiny , second , . we recognize momentarily a ancient Roman or near Eastern face . suddenly , the mirror before of we eye present a cro-magnon visage , then a neanderchal , then a eolithic man - - then the fierce face of a sabuer - loothed tiger . yet , ina £lash , we ge furthey back wesse : through reptile , fish , plant and finally to the apmiagmolecule icsel£ , 7x fas-motien pan back across vanowen 's artic history wall , / '' T + * 's like a a ; 130 131 132 131 . continued then the earth be void and without forma . < a darkness move upon the face of the deep . we pull rapidly back from the stark and desolate planet , stsazcc mire quickly into the reach of space , a rock become a boulder 7 become a mountain because a ridge become a continent become a planet and then , with a faint blue glow , slowly vanish from view . . we be back at the beginning of time : the universe be in the throes of creation . : a supernova explode ; light fill the sercen , hot molten planet spew randomly from the star , casting themselves every . which direction through space , the planet cool , coalesce and fall into orbit . each planet , each moon , each star have a brilliance color of its own . the universe be ablaze with red , yellow , green and violet . the celestial sound , back by chorus of disembody voice , fill the air . be this what man dream of when they die ? be this the knowledge we pursue ? be this the heaven we seek ? CUT to : ext . idaho site . dusk the saucer slowly rise . CUT to : int . trench dusk the monitor indicate that vanowen 's bodily vital function -- heart beat , temperature , blood sugar , etc . -- have fall to the threshold of existence , yet he brain wave continue to throb wildly . carcy 's voice call out : ' carey o.s. ne 's still alive , screen fade the black . CUT to : 132 . '' 1330 ext . 's evan , idaio day a day later , group of local citizen be filter back into the desert town , the evacuation have be lift . the National Guard be assist where possible . Claude Ames and Leo Ross look disconsolately down the street , CUT to : 134 ext . idaho site day Ames and Ross walk from they car toward the site area . the last workmen be smoothing dirt over what once be the trench . Ames approach one of they : AMES what be you do ? the workman shrug . “y ross ! what happen here ? the workmen shrug and continue with they work , they be just do a job . ' Ames turn he head and look up at the sky . CUT to : 135 ext , endless space eternity a distant light male its way through the stary sky . the celestial sound play softly . weary pilgrim , welcome home , tur end '' ie .