cloudy with a chance of meatball by phil Lord & Chris Miller base on the child 's book cloudy with a chance of meatballs by judi and ron Barrett Sony picture animation 9050 Washington Blvd . culver City , CA 90232 cloudy with a chance of meatball 1 . on the columbia torch lady . as cloud behind her roil , she be suddenly knocked over by a giant plummeting banana . chyron over black : columbia picture present a sony picture animation film a film by ... a lot of people fade in : ext . swallow fall - day push down through the cloud to the island town of swallow Falls , and down into the elementary school classroom . flint ( v.o. ) have you ever feel like you be a little bit different ? like you have something unique to offer the world , if you could just get people to see it ? then you know exactly how it feel ... int . classroom -— day push in on a raise hand from the back of the classroom . this be young flint . 8 , unkempt hair , '' frog ! '' T-shirt . flint ( v.o. ) ..- to be I . teacher go ahead , flint . Young flint step to the front and address the class . young flint ( nervously ) what be the number one problem face we community today ? United shoelace . the child , all with untied shoelace , stare at he . young flint ( cont ’d ) which be why I have invent a laceless alternative foot cover , spray - on shoe . cloudy with a chance of meatball 2 . he spray the can on he foot . the other kid look impressed . kide wow ! / whoa ! flint voila ! then , the class bully , young brent , pipe up . young brent how're you gonna get ‘em off , nerd ? uh-oh . the kid laugh as young flint tug and strain to take off the shoe , but they will not come off . young brent ( cont ’d ) what a geek ! he want to be smart , but that 's lame ! on flint , flail , upset . ext . swallow fall - STREET - later flint run down the empty street , cry in the rain . flint ( v.o. ) I want to run away that day ... but you can not run away from you own foot . int . flint 's bedroom - continuous flint , sniffling , try to bite he shoe off , but it do nothing . then he pull out a screwdriver . it break in half . scissor bend around he foot . a cinder block crack in half . this thing be indestructible . intercut : int . hallway - continuous tim , flint 's gruff blue-collar dad , and fran , he warm mother , approach the door . Fran gesture for Tim to speak . tim uh ... not every sardine jump in the net , son . cloudy with a chance of meatball 3 . young flint I do not understand fishing metaphor ! flint flop on the bed . tim ( 0.s. ) what do I say ? fran ( 0.s. ) do not worry . Fran open the door . fran ( cont 'd ) honey , I think you shoe be wonderful . she enter and sit on the bed as flint hide he face in he pillow . young flint everyone just think I be a weirdo . Fran gesture to flint 's wall of poster of great inventor : tesla , farnsworth , Edison , etc . fran so ? people probably think that this guy be weirdo too ! but that never stop they . ( then ) I be save this for you birthday , but , here ... with a sly smile she hold up a adult - size lab coat . young flint ( gasp ) a professional - grade lab coat . just like the real guy wear ! he put it on . it 's way too big for he . young flint ( cont ’d ) it fit perfect . fran the world need you originality , flint . you just have to grow into it . and I know that you be gonna do big thing someday . cloudy with a chance of meatball 4 . flint give she a smile and hug she , inspire . CUT to : flint draw a poster of himself in the lab coat with the word '' best inventor ever . '' he slap it on the wall . then he run out of the house and up into he tree house lab where he start on a new project . flint ( v.o . ) from that moment on , I be determine to invent something great . video diaries : we see flint and some of he many invention through the year ... chyron : remote control tv young flint remote Control Television ! he push a button . the tv get up and walk over to Tim on the couch , who click it on ... flint ( v.o. ) eventually . then the tv quickly kick down the door and run away amid frighten pedestrian . chyron : hair UN -balder teen flint Hair unbalder ! flint pour a hair tonic on Tim 's head . Hair poof out suddenly , completely cover he face like a wolfman . Tim and flint scream . chyron : flying car flint Flying car ! a car with rocket attach shoot off from the dock , but dive straight down into the water . chyron : monkey thought translator flint ( cont 'd ) monkey think translator . cloudy with a chance of meatball 5 . in he father 's tackle shop , flint show off steve , a vervet monkey with a device strapped to he chest and head . steve flint hungry ! how wise -- no , Steve ! no , hungryhungryhungryhungry ! no , no , no -- Steve go on a rampage , knock over shelf , scare customer , and pull a chunk of Tim 's moustache off . chyron : rat-bird flint ( cont 'd ) rat-bird . ( to ratbird ) hey , what 's go on , little guy -- rat - bird , half -rat , half - parrot , all -disturb , escape from a cage and terrorize the townspeople , include earl , the town cop . earl flint lockwood ! on a map of the atlantic flint ( v.o . ) my dream be to help my home town , a tiny island hide under the ' a' in Atlantic ... zoom in to see the island be barely visible under the '' a '' . ext . swallow fall - day Wide on the rundown town . the cannery be abandon and in disrepair . flint ( v.o. ) ... call swallow Falls . we be famous for sardine . until the day the baby Brent sardine cannery close for good , right after everyone in the world realize that sardine be super gross . soon , all of we be stick eat the sardine that no one else want . insert shot of sardine , prepare in different unappetize way . flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) poached , fry , boil , dry , candy , and juice . ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 6 . flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) life become gray and flavorless . but when all seem lose , I stare at defeat ... tight on flint 's face , eye widen : flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... and find hope . title card : cloudy with a chance of meatball . int . flint 's lab - day we see a shadowy figure walk through a awesome , futuristic lab full of glow light and machinery . this be grow - up flint lockwood , still in he labcoat , still wear that spray - on shoe . he stop to look at the poster of great inventor on a wall just like in he old bedroom 15 year ago . flint ( v.o . ) my name be flint lockwood , and I be about to invent a machine that turn water ... into food . he turn into the light , dramatically . flint ( cont 'd ) Steve , my best friend and trust colleague ! reveal a steve the monkey . his think translator contraption say : steve Steve . flint can I count on you help ? Steve hold up a sardine can , offer . steve can . flint I know I could ! this initiate a awesome build montage ! excite music ! flint push a button . cloudy with a chance of meatball 7 . flint ( cont 'd ) button on . he start a reel to reel recorder . flint ( cont 'd ) memory activate . he draw blueprint . flint ( cont 'd ) blueprint ... awesome ! he create a contain nuclear explosion . flint ( cont 'd ) begin nano-mutation . he lower a disco ball into a microwave . flint ( cont 'd ) Radiation matrix secure . he use a computer mouse . flint ( cont 'd ) Computer , boot ! he draw sci-fi line on the machine . flint ( cont 'd ) coolness enhancement complete ! exciting music stop . flint and Steve sip coffee on a break . flint ( cont 'd ) engage coffee break . Long beat , then ... music 's back ! flint plug in two cord . flint ( cont 'd ) network power grid ! he then plug many cord into many surge protector and plug the last one into the finish machine , clearly make out of a colander , microwave , blender and other spare part . but it also look kind of cool . flint ( cont 'd ) beginning conversion of water into food . cloudy with a chance of meatball 8 . flint pour water into the top . flint ( cont 'd ) hydrate protein matrix . he flip switch and turn knob on the machine . flint ( cont 'd ) calibrate flavor panel . he tighten a screw on the bottom of the machine . flint ( cont 'd ) prime Chow plopper . he type into he computer . flint ( cont 'd ) upload cool machine voice . machine cheeseburger . he flip on a switch and flint everyone be go to love this . flint wait hopefully as the Chow plopper bulge bigger and bigger ... a cheeseburger - shape cloud form slowly above a plate at the bottom , become more and more like a real cheeseburger . it 's at 60 % ... 70 % ... 80 % ... 90 % ... a huge spark shock flint ! flint ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaah ! almost instantly , a power surge go up through the cable and out the lab . power go out . int . tim 's live room - morning Tim sit on the couch , read the paper . all the appliance explode at once . Black . tim daaaahhhh ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 9 . ext . neighborhood - continuous power 's out on Tim 's house and flint 's backyard lab which be a enormous metal version of he childhood treehouse lab . tim ( 0.s. ) flint !!! flint sorry , dad ! int . flint 's lab —- continuous on he way out , flint pass Steve , who bang a pipe against a metal bucket . flint Steve , keep work . humming a imaginary soundtrack ( the same as the full orchestra one play in the previous scene ) , flint run up to a vault - like door and put he hand up to a fake look scanner . flint ( cont 'd ) scan hand . make he own sound effect , he press a button and the door open into a large empty hallway . approach the doorway at the other end , flint input the code on he Simon . flint ( cont 'd ) ( beeping noise ) after a few more of he own sound effect he open the door to the elevator and head down . ext . flint 's lab - continuous flint make elevator noise as he head down the pneumatic tube elevator from the top of he lab to the ground . the tube go under the ground and then pop up inside a Port -a - potty . flint exit and run over to the house while still hum the imaginary soundtrack . neighbor kid watch and laugh , include cal , 8 . cal that 's a really weird dude . cloudy with a chance of meatball 10 . int . tim 's house - continuous flint enter through the back door . flint reenergize power unit . ( SOUND effect ) flint open the fuse BOX . twiddle ... light go on . Tim be behind he , arm cross . flint turn and be surprised . flint ( cont 'd ) yah ! jeez . he back into the fuse box and fall down . he pop back up and start to leave , nervously . flint ( cont 'd ) see you , dad . ext . tim 's backyard - continuous flint go back out towards he lab . Tim follow outside , where Steve bang on stuff . tim flint , um ... er ... do not you think it 's time to give up this invent thing and get a real job ? fint stop . flint no , why ? tim well , all you technology stuff , it just end in disaster . flint the ratbird , yes , they escape and breed at a surprising rate , but I take care of that problem and dispose of they . behind flint , three rat - bird descend , pick up a neighbor kid , and fly away with he , scream . cal billy , just play dead ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 11 . tim flint , you do not keep throw you net where there be not any fish . flint what ? tim I want you to work full time at the tackle shop . flint the tackle shop ?! aww , dad , no ! tim tackle be a good career . as flint plead with he dad , Steve climb up on Tim 's shoulder and reach for he moustache . Tim 's uncomfortable . flint please , I be so close with this one . I just have to hook it up to the power station and give it more power and it 'il work , and then you can sell food in the shop , and then everyone will not have to eat sardine anymore . it be go to be so awesome . Tim remove Steve and drop he . time to lay down the law . tim I be sorry , son . steve ouch . tim no more invent . Tim turn to go inside . flint dad . I know I can do this . ( then ) and Mom do too . Tim freeze but do not turn . flint look at he guiltily . he know he cross the line . flint ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it have be almost ten year since mom die , and dad still do not understand I like she do . cloudy with a chance of meatball 12 . flint try to take back what he say . flint ( cont 'd ) dad , I -- tim come on , let 's open the shop . and he walk off . ext . tackle shop —- day Tim excitedly unveil a '' and son '' sign add to '' tim' sardine bait & tackle '' . tim Tim and Son sardine bait and tackle . you feelin’ it ? flint ( try ) mmm-hmm . Tim walk in , happy , as he enter the store and flint mope and he follow he inside . ext . swallow fall - day tv commercial : a cartoon baby tip over a wagon of sardine . kid voice ( v.o. ) look out , baby Brent ! baby brent uh-oh ! tv announcer # 1 ( v.o. ) baby Brent sardine . tv announcer # 2 ( v.o. ) Hand -pack in swallow fall -- the crude animation of the commercial freeze and the mayor walk in front of the freeze image . mayor as you mayor , I know it 's time to put we sardine can past behind we . and look to the future : sardine Tourism ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 13 . a cheesy graphic : '' tourism ! '' over four different crappy shot of town . mayor ( cont 'd ) that 's why without consulting anyone , I spend the entire town budget on the thing that be under this tarp . which I will be unveil today at nooon ! feature a live appearance by baby Brent himself --! another cheesy graphic spin at camera : '' noon ! '' int . tackleshop - day reveal we be watch the Mayor 's commercial on a tv in the shop as flint stack baby Brent sardine can listlessly . he be not wear he labcoat . there be a couple old - timer ( joe town and rufus ) in the shop eat sardine , also watch the tv . flint sigh . '' baby '' brent enter . flint 's longtime bully , and the town 's only celebrity , Brent have let himself go . he 's overweight , lazy , and wear a baby blue track suit with '' bb '' embroider on it . he have a lady on each arm . brent what be up , everybody ? joe towne / rufus hey ! / hey , it 's baby Brent ! brent ( to flint ) whatcha doin’ ? stack can with I on ‘em as a baby ? uh - oh ! he do the baby Brent pose , knock over some of the can flint just stack . the old timer love it , laughing . flint ( annoyed ) hi baby Brent . brent ( laugh ) anyway , who want to watch I cut the ribbon at the Mayor 's unveil thing ? i’11l be use this bad boy to help save the town . he show off a pair of huge golden scissors . Joe towne and rufus ooh . cloudy with a chance of meatball 14 . brent ( cont 'd ) boy-yo ! ( as he exit ) alright you guy ! sardine ! yeah ! swallow Falls forever ! joe towne oh , what a rascal . flint frown as he watch Brent and he posse exit past the window . Tim approach flint from the back room as the Old -timer leave . tim listen , you , uh ... maybe you wanna go to that unveil ? flint think for a beat . then : flint ( casual ) you know , dad , why do not you go ahead . I x11 hold down the fort here . tim ( pleasantly surprised ) really ? you sure you can handle it ? flint yeah , dad , I be pretty sure I ’1ll be fine . tim huh . alright , then . i‘1l be back in half a hour , skipper . flint okay , byeeee . Tim leave . flint look around sneakily then run away humming he soundtrack again . he grab he lab coat on the way out . ext . sardine circle - moment later backstage , the Mayor grab the chain link fence , tense . Brent sit behind he , eat sardine out of a tin . mayor this hell hole 's too small for I , Brent . I want to be big . ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 15 . mayor ( cont 'd ) I want people to look at I and say , '' that be one big mayor . '' that 's why this have to work . it have to work ! otherwise , I be just a tiny mayor of a tiny town full of tiny sardine - suck knucklescraper . Brent 's knuckle be scraping the ground , mouth full of fish . brent but not I , right ? mayor oh , not you , Brent , no . you have always be like a son to I . the Mayor roll he eye . on stage : the Mayor bound on stage and up to the microphone . mayor ( cont ’d ) ( positive ) hey , hey everybody ! reveal there be like 20 people there . mayor ( cont ’d ) under this tarp be the great tourist attraction ever build by human ! reveal flint and Steve tiptoeing towards the power station , carry he machine . flint it just need seventeen thousand more gigajoule . go , go , go , go , go , go , go ! flint make a break for it but be stop immediately by earl , a overzealous cop who play by the rule . he hide the machine behind he back . earl what be you do , flint lockwood ? flint just hold my hand behind my back respectfully , sir . cloudy with a chance of meatball 16 . earl you know what you be , flint lockwood ? flint no . earl a shenaniganizer ! a tomfool ! you see my beautiful angel son , Cal ? Cal be there . and he bring he attitude . cal ' sup . earl I love he so much . this be my only son . I want he to have a bright future . a future in which you do not ruin we town 's day with one of you crazy science doodley - bopper thingy . flint well , you know , that 's all behind I - — earl you see this contact lens , flint lockwood ? he hold a contact lens . flint mm-hmm . earl this contact lens represent you . flint alright . earl and my eye represent my eye . flint okay . he very deliberately put the contact on he eye . earl I get my eye ... on ... you . cloudy with a chance of meatball 17 . flint oh , my gosh , a jaywalker . earl hey ! Earl run down the street and tackle the jaywalker . oof ! on the mayor mayor and I have arrange for live coverage from a major network and they most experience professional reporter ! ext . new york CITY chyron : yesterday production coordinator ( v.o. ) oh , just send the intern . int . weather news network set - yesterday a cute young intern , SAM SPARKS , deliver coffee to the crew member on set . the producer and production coordinator stand in the foreground . production coordinator she 's cute and she 's super perky . wnn producer well , that be the only thing we look for in a tv weather person . intern ! how would you like to do a weather report from a rinky - dink island in the middle of the ocean as a favor to my cousin ? Sam , excited , drop she tray of coffee on the ground . SAM really ?! ext . new york - day Sam drive the weathervan , with she silent but adept cameraman manny in the passenger seat . cloudy with a chance of meatball 18 . SAM can you believe it , manny ? temporary professional meteorologist . woo ! manny hold the wheel as she gesture . ext . ocean - day Sam and manny be sit in they van as it travel on a ferry across the ocean . SAM okay , manny what about this ? ( practicing ) welcome , America , I be Sam spark . hello , America , Sam spark here . America , hi , I do not see you there . it 's I , Sam spark . ( then , excite ) on my way ! across the ocean ! ext . sardine circle - today at the power station , flint creep past danger ! electricity ! sign . the Mayor drone on in the background . mayor ( 0.s. ) now , when she get here , I want to see a lot of smile face ... flint look up at the huge , scary electrical tower . flint this be a great idea . ext . sardine circle - moment later on tv : the wnn logo . wnn producer ( v.o. ) weather news network . weather news happen ... or not . the well - coiff wnn anchor speak to camera . inset be Sam , in front of the grow crowd at swallow Falls 's town center . cloudy with a chance of meatball 19 . wnn anchor SAM now we be over to swallow ( whispering under Falls where we intern be on anchor ) she first day on the job . or hello , America , I be Sam should I say first gray on spark . hello , America , I be the job , look pretty cloudy Sam spark . there , intern ? beat . Sam be extremely nervous . SAM hello , Sam spark , I be America . it 's swallow Falls degree ... and , uh , let 's just go to the mayor . she gesture to the mayor , who address the excited crowd . mayor thank you and welcome national television audience ! at the power station , we see quick cut of flint connect lot of jumper cable together on the electrical tower . we pan up to the top of the electrical tower over scary zap coil to find flint at the very top struggling to connect one last cable -- and he 's electrocuted and fall to the ground . flint yahhh !!! on the mayor . mayor and now , here to cut the ceremonial ribbon , swallow Falls 's favorite son , baby Brent ! Brent walk on stage from behind a curtain and rip off he tracksuit , revealing a diaper . mayor ( cont ’d ) he 's still get it , folk ! brent yeah ! hahaha ! I be the best person in the whole town ! the crowd applaud . he make he signature pose , knock over a wagon of sardine , and the crowd go nut . brent ( cont 'd ) uh-oh ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 20 . back at the power station , we see run back to he machine . he raise the jumper cable high , about to attach they ... flint food synthesis go ! on earl in the crowd with he wife and son cal . suddenly he jolt to attention . he look down . earl my chest hair be tingling . something 's wrong . Earl acrobatically flip away toward the power station . on the mayor . mayor so here it be , the attraction the whole world have be wait for -- sardineland ! Brent cut the ribbon with the giant scissors and the tarp fall , revealing a small Sea World - like theme park . applause . on the attraction as each tarp fall . mayor ( cont ’d ) with ride ! and exhibit ! and feature shamo ! the world 's large sardine , and he flame hoop of glory ! amid a few ride and booth be shamo , a tiny fish in a very large BOWL , with a ring of fire to jump through . shamo do not look excited about the ring of fire . mayor ( cont ’d ) that of you in the splash Zone , look out ! on joe towne in the front row of the bleacher , where one seat be mark '' splash zone . '' joe towne yeah ! on earl , do overzealous action cop pose . he see flint and gasp . on flint , who finally connect the cable to the machine . cloudy with a chance of meatball 21 . machine cheeseburger . it start to power up and flint look excited . earl flint lockwood ! flint turn and see Earl run . flint uh , just a second ! I be in the middle of a yaaaaah ! a spark send the machine shoot off horizontally like a missile , with flint drag behind it , hang on to jumper cable for dear life . flint ( cont 'd ) yeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaghgh ! on manny and SAM , broadcasting , unaware of the danger . SAM ( on tv ) well , look like thing in swallow Falls be sardine to get better . for -- wham ! the machine knock manny 's camera into Sam , flint fly over . the lens smoosh right up against she face . she look ridiculous . SAM ( cont 'd ) <* smooshed face noise *> int . wnn studio - continuous the anchor look at Sam 's smoosh face in shock . wnn anchor aah ! ext . sardine circle - day flint look back as the machine rocket he away from Sam . flint aah , sorry ! the machine ( and flint ) whip into sardine land , knock around out shamo 's fish bowl scaffold , and ricochet back . cloudy with a chance of meatball 22 . and time slow down as the machine and flint pass by Tim . Tim scowls . oops . flint struggle to stop the machine by plant he foot , waterskieng on he spray - on shoe , tear up the sidewalk , and be finally stop by a stop sign . the machine break away from the jumper cable and shoot up , disappear into the sky . flint look up at the machine he lose ... flint ( cont 'd ) no ... oof ! and he 's tackle by Earl . earl you be under arrest , flint lockwood . thank goodness you only cause minimal damage to sardineland . but behind they , there 's a noise . they both look at shamo 's bowl scaffold ... kraaaaaak ! the scaffold break , the fish bowl topple over and splashes its water everywhere but the splash Zone . joe towne oh , come on ! the bowl start to roll around the town like a giant wheel of desruction . on the sardine museum , which be smashed by the bowl . on the virtual sardine experience . people lie down in it like sardine as the lid be roll up over they . the bowl smashes into it . on the mayor , as the bowl smashes into the stage and send he flying . mayor aaaaggh ! on shamo , scream inside the bowl . on the crowd , flee . on brent , run with the giant ceremonial scissors . cloudy with a chance of meatball 23 . brent I really should not be run with this ! flint and Steve run as the bowl bear down on they , but they be not fast enough and give up -- only to be save when the lip of the bowl roll over they , leave they unharme . brent ( cont 'd ) run , run , run , jump , jump , run , run , jump ! on the BOWL , as it continue on its path of destruction through sardine Circle and people run scream . the BOWL bounce through a parking lot , explode a car which propel the bowl up in the air and throw shamo through the flame hoop and towards the ocean and freedom shamo ( gurgly ) yippee ! then he 's immediately snatched up by a fly ratbird . then the bowl fall back to the ground , landing upside - down on top of flint and Steve , trapping they inside . through the glass BOWL , flint see all the destruction he cause . flint ( defeated ) ay papi . everyone stare at flint . the Mayor . Brent . Cal and Earl . all incredibly angry . earl ( muffled through glass ) flint lockwood ! then flint see a disappointed Tim . he look at he dad , full of regret . everyone turn they back on flint , last of all , Tim . flint hit he head against the glass in despair . then ... craaaack ! it send a crack up to the top of the bowl and the whole thing shatter . everyone turn and gasp . flint and Steve stare at the crowd , then quickly run away . ext . dock - day we find flint , with Steve , hang on the ladder at the end of the dock , hide underneath . he sigh . cloudy with a chance of meatball 24 . he hear footstep , and hide ... it 's Sam , who walk to the end of the dock and sigh . she toss she microphone angrily into the water . then she plop down , and she heel kick flint in the eye . flint ow ! SAM oh my gosh ! I be so sorry . be you okay ? I do not get a chance to -- flint it 's okay . it 's just pain . SAM sorry , I be not myself today . my whole career be ruin by some crazy jerk riding a homemade rocket . flint look away suspiciously . SAM ( cont 'd ) wait a minute . ( then ) what be go on with you foot ? flint spray - on shoe . they do not come off . she grab he foot and yank it toward she until he 's hang upside down . SAM cool ! this could solve the untied shoe epidemic . what be they make of , some kind of elastic bio - polymer adhesive ? Music play as flint get all dreamy . flint ( smitten ) yeah , exactly ... SAM ( suddenly nervous ) I mean ... ( giggle ) wow , they be shiny . ( then ) I be Sam . she let go of he foot and he head slam into the ladder again , cause he to yelp . cloudy with a chance of meatball 25 . flint ( in love ) flint . steve Steve ! SAM ( excite again ) be that a monkey think translator ? steve Steve . SAM ha! incredible ! flint be just stare at she enchant , dreamy music play ... we can barely make out Sam put it all together . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( distorted ) do you make all of this stuff ? ( then , realizing ) you hit I with the rocket ! music stop . flint 's catch . flint you kick I in the face ! SAM I say I be sorry !... splat . some yellow goop land on the ladder . Steve lick it . flint sniff it and be about to taste when zing ! a pickle slice land in the water . Sam notice none of this . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh ! do you know how hard it be to break into the weather game ? I spend my entire life building up to that moment . you get one shot at the show ... zing ! behind flint , something land in a garbage can on the dock , cause it to rattle . flint get up and walk to it . SAM ( cont 'd ) ( realizing something 's amiss ) ..- and if you do not make it , it 's back to clean the barometer ... flint look into the garbage can . there 's a slice of cheese inside . he reach for it . cloudy with a chance of meatball 26 . flint cheese ? suddenly a ratbird appear from the shadow of the can , startling flint . it snatch the cheese and fly away . flint ( cont 'd ) aaaah ! flint start to piece it together . flint ( cont 'd ) but that could only mean ... rolling thunder cause flint to turn and look up at the sky . flint ( cont 'd ) <* gasp *> Sam turn and react in the same way . SAM <* gasp *> Steve do the same . steve <* gasp *> all over town , people turn to the sky and react . mayor <* gasp *> brent <* gasp *> cal/kid ( in unison ) <* gasp *> rufus take off he hat , a woman take off she glass , Joe towne take off he beard . rufus <* gasp *> regina <* gasp *> joe towne <* gasp *> Earl , in he cop car , turn , roll down he car window , then : cloudy with a chance of meatball 27 . earl <* gasp *> ratbird <* gasp *> back on the dock : flint <* super -long gasp *> we finally reveal beautiful burger - shape cloud drop perfectly - prepare chesseburger into the ocean and along the dock . it 's raining cheeseburgers !!!! steve happy ! cheeseburger ! jump ! excite ! flint stare to the heaven and laugh as beautiful burger float down all around they . a burger land in he hand . he take a delicious bite . flint my machine work ... it really work ! Sam overhear and approach . SAM you machine ? be that what that rocket be ? flint ( mouth full ) uh ... do you like it ? SAM ( mouth full ) I love it ! ( laugh ) this be just amazing ! look at this . this be the great weather phenomenon in history ! flint be happy . then , he realize : flint ( mouth full ) hey , be not you a weathergirl ? SAM <* mouth full gasp *> cloudy with a chance of meatball 28 . ext . swallow fall - same time sweep shot over the town as burger rain down . SAM ( 0.s. ) manny , get you camera ! people slowly come out of hide and start to enjoy the delicious burger . all except -- Tim , who stand inside the doorway of he shop and just stare at the sky in disbelief . back in town , people cheer ! int . wnn newsdesk - moment later the wnn anchor touch he earpiece , get a message from he producer . wnn anchor this just in , we humiliate weather intern be apparently back for more . ext . sardine circle - continuous in camera : burger rain behind a excited Sam . SAM thanks , Patrick . okay , everybody . you be not gonna believe this one , but I be stand in the middle of a burger rain . you may have see a meteor shower , but you have never see a shower meatier than this . on flint , surveying the scene , as Sam continue behind he . the town be go crazy with the burger . SAM ( cont 'd ) for a town stick eat sardine , this be totally manna from heaven . joe towne this taste significantly better than sardine ! Cal shove one into he mouth and enjoy it . we see the Mayor steal burger from people as he walk . cloudy with a chance of meatball 29 . mayor this be gonna be big ! the mayor shove three burger into he mouth . a crowd gather to watch Sam 's report as they eat . SAM ( on tv ) this food - weather be create intentionally by meekish backyard tinkerer , flint lockwood . Earl and everyone around he stop . earl flint lockwood ? everyone turn and look at flint . flint hi. Earl jump over to flint and tackle he again . oof ! the burger stop raining . earl you be under arrest for ruin sardine land . but before he can cuff he ... Sam run up . SAM flint , that burger be awesome ! the producer call and he be all like ( deep voice ) '' everybody love that food weather . '' the Mayor apporoach , excited . mayor food weather . earl what ? mayor this could be even bigger than sardine land . SAM can you make it rain food again ? please ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 30 . earl no -- flint well , I do not really know if I - - Cal run up . cal you be gonna do it again ? earl oh , you gotta be kid . SAM please please please please please ... flint look at she . God , she 's adorable . flint yes . smash CUT to : int . tim 's live room - moment later Tim block the way to the port -a-potty . tim no . flint dad , just give I one more chance . tim we both know this be a accident . flint I know , but -- tim cheeseburger from the sky , that 's not natural . flint my invention could save the whole town . you would be so proud of I , dad. plus , ( whisper ) there 's a girl here . cloudy with a chance of meatball 31 . tim ( sigh ) can you look I in the eye and tell I you have get this under control , and it 's not gonna end up in a disaster ? Tim raise he unibrow so that he eye be visible . flint ( looking away ) yes ? not good enough . flint strain to look he in the eye , but he eyeball wander and twitch . finally he get he eye on he dad . flint ( cont 'd ) ( super -fast ) ivegotthisundercontrol - anditsnotgoingtoendupindisaster . ( whew ) unibrow back down . tim alright . flint thanks , dad ! tim oh , sure . flint call over to Sam . flint okay . so , Sam . ( open the port -a - potty door ) this be where the magic happen . Sam and manny exchange a look . int . elevator - day Sam and flint and Steve and manny be there . manny have he camera point at a uncomfortable flint . Steve lick Sam 's microphone . steve lick ... lick ... lick ... lick ... this happen for a while . cloudy with a chance of meatball 32 . int . flint be lab - moment later the curtain open and they step into the MAIN chamber . Sam be a little weird out . lab voice welcome , flint . SAM wow . you seriously spend a lot of time alone . flint what ? ( awkward laughing ) int . flint be lab - moment later flint show Sam a diagram of the machine . flint so here 's how it work : Water go in the top and food come out the bottom . SAM so when you shot it up into the stratosphere , you figure it would induce a molecular phase change of the vapor from the cumulonimbus layer ? flint that 's actually a really smart observation . SAM ( suddenly nervous ) I mean , the cloud probably have water in they , which I guess be why you shot it up there in the first place . flint ( suddenly nervous ) right , right . that 's why I do that ... on purpose . SAM right , yeah . flint right . both laugh awkwardly and flint back out of frame . cloudy with a chance of meatball 33 . int . flint be lab - moment later flint point to a diagram of water molecule form into hexagon from radiation wave . flint the machine use a principal of hydro - genetic mutation . Water molecule be bombard with microwave radiation , which mutate they genetic recipe into any kind of food you want . SAM so , pizza ? flint yes . SAM mashed potato ? flint yes . SAM pea ? flint yes , that 's also a food . SAM Steak ? flint yes . SAM apple ? flint mmm-hmm . SAM applesauce ? flint yes . SAM can it do a b.l.t .?! cloudy with a chance of meatball 34 . flint ( kindly ) I be pretty sure I say any kind of food . SAM Chicken wing ?! flint okay , well , just think about what you be say and if it 's a food , then yes it can . SAM baloney ? flint that be a food . Sam get a dreamy look in she eye . SAM ooh ... how about jell -o ? flint ( flirt badly ) do you like jell - 0 ? SAM I love jell -o . flint I love jell -o too ! and peanut butter , right ? SAM oh , no , no . I be severely allergic to peanut . flint ( lying ) yeah , I too ! SAM so what 's it call ? flint peanut allergy . SAM no , the machine . flint of course . it 's call the flint lockwood diatonic Super mutating Dynamic food replicator . ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 35 . flint ( cont 'd ) or , for short , ( dramatic turn ) the fldsmdfr . SAM fldsmdndffursur ? flint ( dramatic turn ) fldsmdfr . SAM fldsmdndffursur ? flint ( pointing at the letter ) fld . sm. dfr . SAM oh . ( then ) manny , make sure you get this , he 's go to make the food now . flint uh , now ? ( caught ) well , the thing be , I can not ... ( get idea ) wait to show you this hilarious internet video ! flint click he mouse and distract Sam with a YouTube video -- a cute cat dj play '' fight the power . '' SAM what ? what be this ...? ( laughing ) it 's so cute ... as Sam watch , laugh , flint -- in quick cut -- rig a remote control system use a satellite dish and a bunch of wire . flint ( whispering ) push . fold . connect . taping . turn . Painting . switch . stare . motivate . place button . he set up a red '' send '' button , and re-boot the computer . Sam 's still laugh . SAM I can not believe I have be watch this for three hour ! flint I know ! cloudy with a chance of meatball flint type at he computer . Sam come over , still laugh . flint finish he type and the central screen now read '' enter food code : '' flint ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) it 's work . ( then ) what do you guy want for breakfast ? Steve pop into frame . steve gummi bear . flint whoa , Steve , no ! we both know how you get around gummi bear . SAM how about ... egg ? flint and toast ? SAM Orange juice . flint / SAM and bacon ! flint very subtly lean in and close he eye , think he might get a kiss . SAM what be you do ? flint nothing . ( then ) to the computer ! flint type the food code into the computer . SAM so , you be sure this be safe ? flint do not worry . I have a dangeometer that let we know if the food be go to over- mutate . reveal a '' dangeometer '' gauge with a needle safely in the green . pay no attention to the yellow or red . come back later . that will not cloudy with a chance of meatball 37 . SAM ooh , what happen if the food over - mutate ? flint I dunno , but that 'il never happen . ( then ) all right . this probably will not explode . SAM what ? flint push the red send button . we TRAVEL past the button to the dangeometer , along wire to the satellite dish and up into the -- ext . stratosphere - continuous where the machine float peacefully . a 8 - bit graphic of a bacon strip pop onto the view screen . machine voice Bacon . we zoom inside the machine to see the molecule re-forming into little molecular bacon strip . int . weathermap - day Sam stand in front of a map with food - weather symbol . SAM ( on tv ) well , that cheeseburger be only the beginning , because a breakfast system be on its way to swallow Falls . my forecast : sunny ... side up . montage music cue : sunshine , lollipop by lesley Gore . ext . swallow fall - day cloud 's eye view of Breakfast raining on swallow Falls . quick cut : Joe towne leave the tackle shop to catch sunny side up egg . a woman catch pancakes on a plate while she drive to work . cloudy with a chance of meatball 38 . a little girl tilt orange juice catch in a upside - down umbrella into the mouth of a gurgle little boy . the Mayor rip open a storm drain on the side of a building and bacon pour into he mouth . ratbird snack on breakfast food on a powerline . flint watch happy breakfast eater . the mayor walk up , cover in bacon . mayor flint , my boy , can you do lunch ? ext . CITY hall - lunchtime it 's raining sandwich . the Mayor be eat and pace . Brent hold up flashcard to illustrate the Mayor 's point , kind of like Bob Dylan , but not really . mayor alright , here 's the skinny . you keep make it rain the snackadoos , weathergirl provide free advertising , I have take out a very high interest loan to convert this po-dunk town into a tourist foodtopia . all you have to do be make it rain food three meal a day , every day , for the forseeable future , and in thirty day , we hold a grand reopening of the island as a must - see cruise destination , and everyone everywhere be go to love you invention . he have a flashcard of people hugging a stick - figure flint who have a big smile and heart all around he . flint you think so ? the Mayor take this opportunity to eat the sandwich out of flint 's hand . mayor ( mouth full ) I know so . int . flint 's lab - day flint type the menu into he computer and slap the button . cloudy with a chance of meatball 39 . ext . swallow fall - various Sam do another weather forecast . a woman catch a turkey leg on she way to work . SAM now that 's what I call poultry in motion . quick shot the Mayor munch on a ham hock as he point offscreen . the '' fall '' in the '' swallow fall '' sign on the cannery be detonate and replace so that it now read '' chewandswallow . '' the building get facelift : '' Gas Station '' become '' anti-gas tablet . '' store become '' nothing but floss , '' '' bib . '' ext . swallow fall - day in jump cut , to camera : kid # 1 Mr. lockwood , may I please have waffle ? woman # 1 falafel . kid # 2 jelly bean . rufus avocado ! flint write down they request . flint come right up ! ext . swallow fall - day Sam report in front of pile of food on the ground . SAM leftover ? not a problem with flint lockwood 's latest invention , the outtasighter . so name because it catapult uneaten food out of sight , and therefore , out of mind . cloudy with a chance of meatball 40 . flint and Steve be inside a fantastical contraption . its huge fork and spoon arm scrape leftover onto the giant plate , which drop it into the bowl in the back . he pull the lever and the bowl catapult the food way into the distance . quick shot the baby Brent sardine billboard be replace with one for '' flint lockwood brand napkin . '' Brent gasp in horror . people eat from mouth funnel , and we see the mouth funnel store in the background . a rainbow of jellybean rain into the open mouth of wait kid . kide / cal jellybean ! / awesome ! throughout , people keep order more food and the music get faster and faster . man # 1 pizza ! man # 2 donut ! we follow a donut that fall from the sky and into Cal 's mouth . woman # 2 pie ! steve gummi bear ! flint give he a stern look . man # 3 Fish ! ratbird <* squawk *> man # 4 Chicken pad thai . flint type . flint hit the button . cloudy with a chance of meatball people ( demanding food walla ) pizza / bologna / I want / gimme / more / come on ! / etc ... suddenly the music completely cut out . on the mayor , who be now really fat . mayor a pizza , stuff inside a turkey , the whole thing deep fry and dip in chocolate . ( beat ) it 's I , the Mayor . flint oh ... uh , you look different . do you get a new ... haircut ? mayor yes , I do . thank you for notice . the music come back in . on flint typing . on more food falling . the foodster rattle and shake with overuse . machine voice ( food walla ) ext . tackle shop —- day 41 . across the street from he dad 's shop , flint look on . people walk past the shop window , laugh and eat the fall food . father I love ya , son . son I love spend time with you , dad . Inside , the shop be completely quiet and empty . at the counter , alone . Tim stand cloudy with a chance of meatball int . tackleshop - day 42 . Tim change a sign from '' sardine 10 % off '' to '' sardine 100 % off . '' flint enter . flint hey dad . I be head back the lab . if you wanna come I could show you how I make the food ... Tim hide the sign . tim eh , no thanks . that techno-food . it 's too complicated for a old fisherman . flint get it . flint turn to leave . tim could still use you help around here , though , you know . flint I be work with the mayor now , dad . I mean , the town 's grand reopening be in , like , a week . tim right . get it . flint leave . int . flint 's lab - moment later flint adjust the angle of the satellite . sfx : doorbell . it 's Earl . earl ( over intercom ) flint lockwood ! ext . tim 's backyard - night Earl stand outside the port-a- potty , hat in hand . a hatch open on the side of the lab , and flint stick he head out . flint yeah ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 43 . earl uh , it 's my son Cal 's birthday tomorrow and I be just wonder if you could make it rain something special . flint well , I be pretty back up on request . plus , you be always mean to I . earl it would be just one time . for my special angel 's special day . flint uh , I do not know . you know , I do not want to overwork the machine , so ... earl okay . I know it be a long shot ... I just want Cal to see how much he father love he . I think you would understand . you know how father be always try to express they love and appreciation for they son . this hit flint hard . then : flint Earl , wait . flint close the hatch , run over to the dangeometer and see it 's almost into the yellow . uh oh ! wait -- he tap it and the needle move barely back into the green . flint ( cont 'd ) phew . steve ( copying ) phew . then flint run off . Steve , copying flint , tap the gauge . steve ( cont ’d ) touch , touch , touch . the needle move back into the yellow ! ext . flint 's lab - continuous then we see flint 's silhouette come down the pneumatic elevator . he open the port-a-potty . cloudy with a chance of meatball 44 , flint I have get a idea . ext . swallow fall - first light a ratbird perch on a wire cock -a-doodle -doos . int . cal 's bedroom - morning Cal wake up and rush to the window . it 's snow ... beautiful , color snowflake . could it be ? cal whoa ! reveal Earl and he wife , regina , watch proudly from the door . earl happy birthday , son . cal dad ...? earl this be you day . go have fun . Cal rush down the hallway ... cal I love you guy ! you be awesome ! earl I love you , too , son ! regina have a good time , baby ! Cal open the door and out into -- ext . swallow fall , suburb - continuous a glorious landscape cover with 31 different flavor of ice cream . Cal and every kid in town burst out of they house . kide ice creamiiiiilili2 ) ) birt Cal leap headfirst into the snow and make a face - down snow - angel , munching ice cream . cloudy with a chance of meatball 45 . cal yeah ! cool ! on a neapolitan ice cream field , where chocolate and vanilla be cover with kid . one weird kid run into the strawberry . weird kid strawberry 's my favorite ! on kide finish a snowman , devouring it , then repeat . on the BOWL of the outtasighter , where kid have climb in . the plate drop scoop - up ice cream into they mouth and then catapult both ice cream and kid into the distance . kide yeaaaahh ! on earl and cal , on they roof , get on a sled . cal c'mon , dad . earl I do not know , Cal . this do not look saaaaaffffel !!!! too late . Cal push off and they swoosh down into a open dumpster full of ice cream . they laugh . earl ( cont 'd ) I love you , son . cal I know , dad . you tell I every day . on flint , watch they with envy . he sigh . Sam approach . SAM flint this be amazing ! and design the ice cream to accumulate into scoops ? I do not know how you be gonna top this ! flint maybe with hot fudge ? he laugh awkwardly . she do not . then , Cal and a bunch of kid call from afar . cloudy with a chance of meatball 46 . cal hey flint , you wanna be in a snowball fight with we ? flint step back , afraid . SAM flint , what 's the problem ? flint I have never actually be ina snowball fight . SAM really ? flint I do not even know the rule . be there like a point system , or be it ... to the death ? SAM no -- you have never -- I mean look , even Steve be throw chocolate snowballs . Steve throws what look like chocolate snowballs . a beat as flint and Sam look on uncomfortably . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh . flint hmm . SAM yech . flint ( pick up snow ) so , like this ? he throw a snowball , weakly . SAM no , harder than that . flint ( realizing ) oh. we zoom in on he face as he get a smile and he eye brighten . he start throw snowballs as hard as he can . flint ( cont 'd ) snowball ! snowball ! snowball ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 47 . he pelt Cal , a old man , and a child , knock they over . SAM well , there 's something to be say for enthusiasm . Sam watch , happy for flint , as he joyfully wail on different member of the town . flint snowball ! snowball ! snowball ! int . house - continuous flint run into a house and nail a dad read the paper ... flint snowball ! .«+.a little girl and boy in a bedroom ... flint ( cont 'd ) snowball , and snowball ! kide 's mom ( 0.s. ) kid ? what 's go on ? ... and they mom in the hall . flint snowball ! flint run back out into the street , chase by the kid . kide snowball ! snowball ! ext . swallow fall - day still at snow day , Sam report . SAM I scream , you scream , we all scream for flint lockwood 's latest tasty town - wide treat , with flurry of freeze fun on what the mayor declare to be a ice cream snow day . cloudy with a chance of meatball 48 . ext . new york CITY , time square - continuous on the jumbotron , Sam continue she report . SAM he have also like invite everyone in the world to catch a cruise liner and come on down this Saturday for the grand open of chewandswallow , a town that be truly a la mode ... paris : people watch Sam on a tv at the eiffel Tower . french voice ( dubbed french ) ...a town that be truly ... a la mode ... egypt : people watch Sam in front of the pyramid . egyptian voice ( dubbed arabic ) ...a town that be truly ... a la mode ... london : crowd watch Sam in front of big BEN . british voice ( dubbed british accent ) ...a town that be truly ... top with ice cream . ext . swallow fall - day Sam continue to report , as everyone have fun . SAM ... with today 's scoop for the weather News Network , I be Sam spark ! we can hear Cal in the distance . cal flint , this be the best breakfast ever ! int . flint 's lab - night flint be sit on he bed , tapping he foot , think hard . then he look up with a innocent smile and snap with both hand ! Eureka ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 49 . flint ( gasp ) that 's it ! quick cut : flint on he computer '' how to talk to girl '' ; flint in a romantic scene with Steve in a blonde wig make the monkey '' oo 00 '' mouth ; stand by the button - pusher which push a button ; hold the phone nervously , stare at a notepad . lot of crumpled piece of paper be around . flint ( cont 'd ) researching ! role-playing ! dial ! wait ! ring , ring , ring . nervous noise from flint . intecut with : int . weathervan - continuous Sam answer she phone . SAM Sam spark . flint hanging up ! flint slam the phone down . more quick cut : flint ( cont 'd ) regretting ! re- psyching ! say what I be do ! SAM ( answer phone ) flint ? flint ( reading , into phone ) hi Sam how be you that 's nice I be wonder if you would like to go on ad ... activity with I tomorrow ? SAM ( into phone ) um , okay . flint great bye meet I in the forest ! ( hang up ) naile it . cloudy with a chance of meatball 50 . he walk out of the lab excitedly . flint ( cont 'd ) gotta go , Steve . keep a eye on the lab for I ! unseen by flint , Steve sit by the dangeometer , which be in the yellow . he smashes a ice cream cone on he head . steve Steve . ext . betreed grassy mound - day flint and Sam walk along a grassy hill . behind they , unnotice , the walking tv run by . SAM where be we go ? flint oh , nowhere , I just think it have be nice for the two of we to ... go on a walk together . like you do ... as friend . ( fake ) oh my , what 's that ? Sam stop in she track . SAM wow ... reveal a enormous yellow / orange jell-o mold , refracting the set sun like a stain - glass castle . it 's breathtaking . SAM ( cont 'd ) oh , jell - o ' 's my favorite . flint you never make a request , so , I make one for you . flint disappear into the jell -o . Sam look confuse . SAM flint ? flint ? flint ( 0.s. ) join I . his arm poke out of the jell -o . he pull she inside . SAM whoa ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 51 . int . jell-o mold , ballroom —- continuous sclurp ! once inside , she try to gain she balance on the squishy jell -o floor , then realize she 's in a beautiful jell - o cathedral . SAM ( amazed ) who-oooa . but , how do you ...? flint oh , I just make it rain jell -o in the middle of the night , then I gather it all up with the outtasighter before everyone wake up and then I bring it here and press it into a gigantic custom - carve plastic tupperware mold I make . no big deal . flint be play a jell -o piano . flint ( cont 'd ) everything 's make of jell -o . this piano , that sconce , that ghetto blaster , that jell -o , that aquarium , that venus de milo with you face on it next toa Michelangelo 's David that also have you face . Sam give a weird - out look . flint do several high vertical bounce . flint ( cont 'd ) come on , Sam , what be you wait for ? she look at the exit sign . what will she do ? SAM nothing ! she suddenly do a bunch of fast little manic jump . SAM ( cont 'd ) woooo ! yeahhhhhhhh !!! boing , bo , bo ! music plays as -- flint and Sam bounce around the room like crazy . cloudy with a chance of meatball 52 . Sam push flint down the jell -o stair and he laugh and bounce . on michelangelo's david . they both fly in and take bite out of it . both jump in and out of frame make goofy pose . Sam jump off the balcony onto a diving board , then land in a jell-o swimming pool . SAM cannonball !!! flint ( right behind her ) bellyflop ! he smack on the surface . slap ! ow ! flint ( cont 'd ) why do I do that ? int . jell-o mold , cupola attic - later Sam and flint watch the sun set through the refracted light of the jell -o wall . Long beat as flint be nervous . SAM so , jell -o. flint right , right , right . SAM it 's a solid , it 's a liquid , it 's a visco-elastic polymer make of polypeptide chain but you eat it -- ( catch herself ) I mean ... it taste good . ( giggle ) flint ( confuse ) why do you do that ? SAM do what ? flint say something super smart , and then bail from it ? SAM can you keep a secret ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 53 . flint no. ( off look ) but this time , sure . yeah . SAM okay , well , it be a really long time ago , but I too be ... a nerd . flint too ? start flashbacks : Young Sam ( glass , ponytail ) in she bedroom stare at a poster of a doppler . SAM ( v.o . ) when I be a little girl , I wear a ponytail , I have glass , and I be totally obsessed with the science of weather . other girl want a barbie , I want a doppler weather radar 2000 turbo . but all the kid use to taunt I with this lame song . it be not even clever ! Young Sam , finish a equation , be mock in class . flashback kide four eye ! four eye ! you need glass to see ! back to scene : flint try not to laugh at '' glass to see . '' flint ( stifle laugh , then , off her look ) go on . Sam look annoyed . then she continue . SAM ( v.o. ) so I get a new look , give up the sciency smart stuff , and I be never make fun of again . and I still need this glass , but I never wear they . flint I nil bet you look great with glass on . SAM oh , I be really not -- he grab she glass and start to put they on she . cloudy with a chance of meatball 54 . flint and on they go . SAM 's p.o.v. -- as she glass go on , a blurry handsome guy become a sharply in - focus , nerdy flint . SAM whoa . flint what ? SAM nothing . flint wait . he quickly carve something out of jell - o and turn to she . flint ( cont 'd ) it 's a jell -o scrunchie . he put she hair up in a ponytail . flint ( cont 'd ) and now , the reveal . her make -under complete , he gaze at the new nerdy Sam . flint ( cont 'd ) wow . I mean , you be okay before , but now ... you be beautiful . SAM no , I be not . I can not go on out in public like this . flint well , why not ? I mean , this be the real you , right ? smart , bespectacle ... who would not want to see that ? SAM ( charmeed ) you know , I have never meet anyone like you , flint lockwood . flint ( charmeed ) I either . but about you . Sam close she eye and lean in for a kiss . flint stare at she nervously . cloudy with a chance of meatball 55 . he close he eye , pucker , then puff he cheek out in a i’'ve - never - kiss - a- girl way . they be mere inch away when -- flint 's cell phone ring -- it 's he voice sing : '' flint you have a call , flint you have a call ... " SAM be you phone ringing ? flint that 's weird . someone must have change my ring . ( look at phone ) oh , it 's the mayor . do you mind if I take this ? SAM flint no , no , no . go ahead , take ( cover phone ) I be so sorry . it . that 's fine , really . I it 's just really important . should be go too , it 's I be just go to step get late . outside real quick . he walk through the wall and fall . Sam cringe as he land with a oof . ext. / int . roofless restaurant - night ominous looking cloud . crane down to reveal the facade of the bib store . Tim wait there for flint , wear a tie , clearly uncomfortable . flint run in , excited as hell . flint dad , you come ! I have the best day I have so much to tell you ! tim do I look alright ? flint you look great , come on let 's go ! flint drag he off . ext . the roofless restaurant - moment later the roofless , a fancy restaurant with a crowd waiting . Brent be in line at the velvet rope . cloudy with a chance of meatball 56 . flint oh , it be so cool , I almost kiss a girl -- ( greet people ) hey . how 's it go ? Brent argue with the bouncer . brent it 's baby Brent . you know ? '' uh - oh ! '' I should be on the list ! flint and Tim go straight to the front . flint hey , Brian . the bouncer let they enter . Brent watch , horrify . brent ( near tear ) whaaat ?!?! you be let that guy in ? that guy 's a nerd !! the door close in Brent 's face . int . the roofless restaurant - continuous it be raining steak . there be no ceiling . townsperson hey , flint lockwood ! flint oh , thank you . thanks so much . joe towne a toast ! to flint and he delicious steak . flint oh , thanks . thank you . oh , wow . tim ( uncomfortable ) very nice place . waiter Salt , pepper . pepper , salt . earl flint lockwood ! Earl put out a fist for flint to hit , and he slap it 5 . cloudy with a chance of meatball flint Earl ! 57 . as flint and Tim sit down at they table , Tim notice the absence of any ceiling . tim so , no roof ? flint yup . you just hold out you plate . and I even make it rain you favorite : meat . mmmmm . Tim look around the room as -- clank , clank , clank -- large steak hit the table all around they , rattling silverware . everyone else enjoy it , but Tim be a bit freak out . flint ( cont 'd ) okay . so , you know how the grand reopening of the town be tomorrow ? well , the mayor have ask I to cut the ribbon . he say my invention save the town ! be not you proud of I ? " Tim look tear . then -- slam ! a large steak land Tim 's plate , startling he . he look down at it . he look at flint , who 's still celebrate , arm in the air , and do not want to have to burst flint 's balloon . tim well ... do not this steak look a little big to you ? flint yeah , it 's a big steak . every steak be not exactly the same size . do you even hear what I just say ? wham ! another big steak land between they , knock they glassware off the table . tim Son , look around . I be not sure this be good for people . maybe you should think about turn this thing off . flint it 's make everybody happy . everybody except you . ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 58 . flint ( cont 'd ) when be you go to accept that this be who I be instead of try to get I to work in some boring tackle shop ? flint get hit by a steak . tim well , you seem like you know what you be do , then . I guess I will just get out of you way . Tim head off . the steak fall off flint 's head . ext . tim 's tackleshop - later close on a fish be ground up into chum . reveal Tim , alone , work the chum grinder . he pause to sigh , then continue grind . ext . tim 's tackleshop - same hot dog rain down . one hit the '' and Son '' Tim tack onto the tackle shop sign and knock it to the ground . ext . STREET - evening flint walk down the street , mutter . flint there 's no pleasing that guy . he just want to take anything good I do and just smoosh it -- aaaah ! a three - foot long hot dog plop down in front of flint . he look around to see several other large hotdog around he neighborhood , include he dad 's yard , which be full of hotdog . flint ( cont 'd ) this be big hotdog . he look up to the cloud , grave . int . flint 's lab - moment later flint look at a scanner with a huge hot dog in it . cloudy with a chance of meatball 59 . flint oh , man . ( deep breath ) I mean , this be not that bad , be it , Steve ? Steve have smear mustard on he face and hand . steve yellow . flint go over to the dangometer which be in the yellow . flint you be right , Steve . the dangometer be in the yellow . I do not know what to do . he hear a whirring SOUND and turn to see ... mayor I do ... declare this hot dog to be delicious ! the Mayor , now grotesquely fat , riding in from the shadow on a rascal scooter and munch on a hot dog pile with food . flint ( freaked out SOUND ) steve whoa . Steve run away . flint how do you get in here ? mayor tomorrow 's the big day , flint . the entire town 's fate be rest on you food - weather ! I be think pasta . some light apps . I know you will not let we down . he wheel back into the shadow , still stare at he . flint well , Mr. Mayor , I think there 's something you should see . the mayor return . mayor what ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 60 . flint lead the mayor over to the scanner , and pull up a display on the computer monitor . flint this be the molecular structure of a hot dog that fall last week . and this be the molecular structure of a hot dog that fall today . he push a button , revealing a very scary look rapidly move group of molecule . flint ( cont 'd ) the machine use microwave radiation to mutate the genetic recipe of the food . the more we ask it to make , the more cloud it take in , the more radiation it emit , the more this food molecule could over- mutate . I think that 's why the food be get bigger . mayor here 's what I hear : blah blah blah , science science science bigger . and bigger be better . everyone 's gonna love this new portion size . he shove the entire hot dog in he mouth and swallow it . mayor ( cont 'd ) ( mouth full ) I know I do . flint look over to the button , unsure . flint my dad think I should turn it off ... mayor geniuse like we be never understand by they father , flint . flint but what if thing go -- the Mayor start circle flint . mayor who need the approval of one family member when you can have it from million of acquaintance ? ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 61 . mayor ( cont 'd ) not to mention that little cutlet Sam spark ... and I ? I have always feel you be like a son to I , flint . and I be go to be so proud of you tomorrow when you cut that ribbon , save the town , and prove to everybody what a great inventor you be . so here 's the cheese : you can keep it go , get everything you have ever want , and be the great man I know you can be . or , you can turn it off , ruin everything , and no one will ever like you . it 's you choice ... tight on flint 's eye think about this . the word ' choice 's echoe in he mind -- except not really , as we reveal : mayor ( cont ’d ) ( whispering ) Choice , choice , choice ... then -- flint ( deep breath ) okay ... in the reflection of the monitor : flint approach , and the Mayor look over flint 's shoulder creepily . flint ( cont 'd ) I mean , bigger be better , right ? mayor oh yeah . flint slap the button . boom ! we go from the satellite dish up to the -- ext . stratosphere - night the machine , with some food cake - on itself , rattles as the monitor cycle through the food and we cut to black . ext . chewandswallow crowd get off the cruise ship and head into town . a sign read '' welcome tourist ! '' oversize appetizer rain . crowdsperson # 1 look safe to I ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 62 . crowdsperson # 2 and sanitary too ! int . newsvan - day Sam 's alone in the back study herself in the mirror . she take she glass on and off , on and off ... SAM 's Pov : as she put she glass on , the shot get focused , and we can see what 's behind she . with she newfound vision , she see a old - fashioned suitcase laptop in the corner . she blow off dust to see it read '' doppler weather radar 2000 turbo . '' SAM whoa . Sam flop it on the table , open it with awe , and push start . it begin to boot up and she smile . she can see she reflection there in the screen , and she finally like what she see . then a weather image load up . on Sam , who adjust some knob and beep beep beep . we see a red spin glow on she face as she gasp . ext . chewandswallow - day the mayor roll up to the stage . mayor who 's hungry ?! welcome , tourist , to chewandswallow ! tourist that be one big mayor . the crowd goe nut ! mayor Delight in we nacho cheese hotspring ! allow you kid to eat all the junk food they want in we completely unsupervise kidz Zone ! Cal be among the kid play in pile of junkfood . cal I have jelly bean for tooth ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 63 . mayor and when the fun be do , gaze upon the sunset crest over mount leftover ! from which we be protect by a presumably indestructible dam ! outtasighter launch leftover onto a ever-grow mound behind the dam . mayor ( cont ’d ) we have get people here today from all around the world . from as far as China to West Virginia . also , I think there 's some Canadian here ... backstage on flint , look around through the enormous curtain of himself . flint nervously slick down he hair . he wear a tuxedo t-shirt . Sam approach . SAM flint you need to look at this . flint why be not you on tv ? you be suppose to be broadcasting this . SAM there 's a problem . I think the food 's get bigger -- flint I know , it 's great . bigger portion size . everyone love it . he gesture to passersby catch a jumbo jumbo prawn . SAM flint , I be not sure we be do the right thing here . flint ( heat ) Sam , listen -- SAM what if we have bitten off more than we can chew ? flint ugh . for the first time in my life , everybody love something that I have do . ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 64 . flint ( cont 'd ) why can not you just be happy for I and go say the weather or something ? jeez . flint turn away from she . Sam be shocked . mayor ( 0.s. ) and without further ado , we town 's hero , and my metaphorical son , flint lockwood ! flint run out to grand applause . he soak it in . flint thank you ! thank you everyone ! yeah ! woo ! crowd yeah ! flint ! / sign my shrimp ! / flint lockwood ! / I admire you quirkiness ! mayor Brent , we be gonna need you to hand over the ceremonial scissors . on brent , who can not believe it . brent but ... the scissors be take and hand to flint . brent ( cont 'd ) no ! you can not --! you can not take they ! no ! I be baby Brent ! desperate , he pull off he clothes , down to he diaper . brent ( cont 'd ) ( pathetically ) uh-oh ! crowd / joe towne boo ! / put you clothes back on ! brent who be I ?! Brent run away , cry . flint get the scissors . he feel how beautiful they be . crowd lockwood ! lockwood ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 65 . mayor ( whisper ) go ahead , flint . everybody love you . the crowd roar ! the nacho cheese hotspring shoot bellagio - style cheese fountain ! behind he , the Mayor slip away . CUT to : int . tackle shop - same Tim still grind chum , alone . the celebratory chant of '' lockwood '' can be hear faintly in the distance . Tim sigh . ext . chewandswallow - same flint close he eye as he cut the ribbon . suddenly , a flock of ratbird take off . Steve sense something and start scream . steve danger ! danger ! danger ! Steve run off . the wind pick up . flint sneeze . then everyone sneeze . flint tastes the AIR . flint Salt and pepper wind ...? smack ! flint be hit by a giant dry leaf . he sniff it . flint ( cont 'd ) ( oh no ) oregano . a look of horror in he eye . zoom out to see ... a massive spaghetti tornado , ten block away , head toward they . flint ( cont 'd ) mamma Mia ! he turn back to Sam , who give he a angry glare then run off towards she van , determine . flint ( cont 'd ) Sam , wait , no ! I can turn it off ! flint look up at the twister ... then past it at he lab . flint ( cont 'd ) ( determine ) I can turn it off ... cloudy with a chance of meatball 66 . he give a primal scream and run towards he lab , with the twister in between ! we follow he as huge meatball smash down around he as everyone else run away in the opposite direction . flint ( cont 'd ) hey , kid , it 's all gonna be okay -- oh , no . and he get suck into the pasta twister . Inside it 's calm . flint run in the air past a man in a tub ... flint ( cont 'd ) pardon I ... man in tub pardon I ! ... then reach Joe towne , sit in he car as it float through the eye of the storm . flint open the back passenger door , climb through , and exit the other side of the car , still fly . flint Excuse I . joe towne aw , no problem . he fly out of the twister and lose he lab coat ... flint no ! .-- but keep air-runn over piece of debris ( garlic bread , stop sign , mailbox , a stepladder ) as though they be stair until he 's back on the ground , in front of the lab . Steve 's there wait for he outside of the Port -a - potty . steve gummi bear . flint not now , Steve . Steve hop onto he shoulder and they enter the port-a-potty . ext . chewandswallow - day the twister be head for sardine Circle . the cruise ship back up and peel out of town as fast as possible . cloudy with a chance of meatball 67 . int . roofless restaurant - day in the restaurant , everyone hold out they plate expectantly . a waiter walk by with condiment . waiter condiment ? pepper ? giant spaghetti and sauce bury they . ext . chewandswallow - day on tim , in the tackle shop , watch people outside panic . tim ( worried ) flint ... just then a enormous meatball nearly demolish he shop . on SAM , through manny 's handheld camera , as she give a report . she 's still in she glass and ponytail . SAM this be Sam spark live from chewandswallow , where a spaghetti twister -- she be inset by the anchor . wnn anchor whoa , whoa , Sam , hey ! we love a good storm over here , but you look like a nerd ! SAM ( ignoring he ) Patrick , several child be strand in the path of this tomato tornado . in the kidzone , Cal and the other kid look up from gorging themselves and try to run ... only they be slow and fat and crippled by stomach ache . most crawl they way out but Cal -- cal ...oooh , my tummy hurt ... on earl , who see Cal on the tv monitor in the tv repair shop ... earl Cal ! ... and he make a break for he . cloudy with a chance of meatball 68 . SAM it 's become a spin semolina nightmare , twirling a path of -- wnn anchor yikes . what be that , a scrunchie ? I have not see one of that since 1995 ! we hear o.s. laughter in the studio . SAM we have a actual weather emergency - then she get smashed by a garlic bread . the feed go out . wnn anchor ( laughing through tear ) well , we will get right back to that storm , and hopefully Sam will look a little more appeal . ( pressing button ) boop ! they switch over to footage of a puppy in a field with different local temperature chyroned over it . int . flint 's lab - day flint burst in . Steve be cling to flint 's head . flint ( panting ) Steve , we just have to upload the kill code and it will shutdown the -- oaaaaaaah no , what be you do here ?! reveal the Mayor , furiously type at flint 's computer . mayor I have be up here order up dinner for the last ten minute . why ? be something go on ? flint I have gotta stop the machine . everyone 's in danger because of I . flint rush for the machine in a attempt to turn it off but be bounce away by the mayor 's large belly . mayor oh , it can not be that bad . cloudy with a chance of meatball 69 . the Mayor hit the big red '' send '' button . flint ( nervous noise ) no ! Foods start to cycle on the computer screen , which create a scary strobe lighting effect . mayor well , I be outta here . flint ( determine ) I can still stop the order with the kill code ! flint make it to the computer and type . he 's about to hit the send button and stop the machine ... flint ( cont 'd ) send kill code ... mayor I be back ! .-+- but the Mayor choke he with a jumbo jumbo prawn , drag he away . flint ( choking ) get to get the button ! flint grab a huge hot pepper and shove it in the Mayor 's eye . mayor aaaahhh ! flint race back ... Steve roll around , have a great time toss food . steve play , fun , fun , play , fun ! mayor hey , flint ! it 's be nice to bett you ! the Mayor toss a big radish at flint . flint that 's a radish ! flint in midair dodge the bett / radish and it fly on , and smashes into the satellite dish , blow it up . boom ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 70 . steve uh-oh . the satellite be in a million piece . flint finally push the button . nothing happen . on the screen : '' error : connection lost . kill code not sent '' flint that be the only way to communicate with the machine ... ( grave ) what exactly do you order ? mayor a vegas-style all - you-can-eat buffet ? they all stare up at the monitor . oh no . ext . stratosphere - continuous now almost completely cover in food , the fldsmdfr monitor glow a ominous red . ext . sardine circle - day overhead : the cloud part . the twister be go . but it have create a path of mess and destruction in its wake . people start come out of the mess , stunne . two of they be SAM and manny . Sam cough . joe towne everyone okay ? townspeople yeah . / yep. / I be good . Sam open up the doppler . Earl run up with Cal in he arm . earl help , somebody ! help I please ! it 's my son . SAM we need a doctor ! be anyone here a doctor ? anyone ?! manny ( stepping up ) I be a doctor . cloudy with a chance of meatball 71 . SAM you be ? manny I be , back in Guatemala . I come here for a better life . pretty great decision , eh ? manny pull out a stethoscope and listen to Cal 's heart . earl how be he , doc ? manny ( serious ) he 's in a food coma . really concerned man oh no ! everyone gasp , especially Earl . manny too much junk food . I need a celery . stat ! someone hand he a stalk of celery . joe towne here you go . manny snap it in half under Cal 's nose . Cal cough and wake up . cal daddy ? earl oh , Cal ... Cal ! I love you , son . cal <* barf ! *> Earl kiss Cal on the lip and smile . earl look like everything turn out okay . SAM not yet it have not . that spaghetti twister be just a amuse bouche compare to what 's on the way . cloudy with a chance of meatball 72 . townsperson ( whisper ) what 's a amuse bouche ? SAM manny , patch we through . manny prepare for a broadcast . the satellite go up . he plug in some cable . SAM ( cont 'd ) go. int . wnn studio inset be a attractive woman with the headline '' otter get wet ! '' wnn anchor cute report , Nancy ! kzzhhhhsshhh ! ! wnn anchor ( cont ’d ) hey ! four eye ?! Sam have pirate in from chewandswallow ! as she speak , we cut around the world to see people 's horrify reaction . SAM can it , Patrick ! we be about to be in the epicenter of a perfect foodstorm . it 's go to spread across the globe . I have calculate the coriolis acceleration of the storm system . first it will hit New York , then Paris , then the jianguang pass in Eastern China . and in four hour , the entire Northern hemisphere will be one big potluck . on tim , walk out of the tackle shop to survey the mess . he look over at the power line and see flint 's dirty lab coat . he pick it up and look at it . Cloud form . ext . junkyard - day Tim enter and hear a low moan . tim flint ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 73 . he follow the sound and find flint in a rusty barrel , curl up under some junk . tim ( cont 'd ) flint ? flint hey , dad . tim what be you do ? flint well , I try to help everybody , but instead I ruin everything . I be just a piece of junk . so TI throw myself away . along with all this dumb invention . ( re : spray - on shoe , etc ) this be junk . this be junk . ( re : self ) this be junk . tim look , son , you ... listen , when you boat be ... when it 's list , if it 's not run ... you know , uh -- flint do not worry , dad , I get it . Mom be wrong about I . I be not a inventor . I should have just quit when you say . Tim look at he son in a trashcan , as low as can be . tim well , when it rain , you put ona coat . he hold up flint 's lab coat . flint dad , you know I do not understand fishing meta -- flint look up to see the lab coat . flint ( cont 'd ) what ...? flint stand up in the barrel , junk fall off he , and take the coat . cloudy with a chance of meatball 74 . flint ( cont 'd ) my coat . flint look at it for a beat , then realize what he dad mean , look back for Tim , but he 's go into the house . flint look back to he coat and get a determine look . flint ( cont 'd ) come on , Steve , we have get diem to carpe . Steve pop up out of the trashcan next to flint . int . elevator / flint 's lab flint and Steve up to the lab in heroi-comic fashion . super fast montage : he download the termination recipe onto a usb flash drive . flint draw up plan . pushes button . calculate something . measure something . weld something . flint kill code downloading . redesigning . virtualize . cut . weld . forge . wiring . Steve hit a bucket with a spoon . steve helping . flint press a button and jet engine shoot above he . flint test . yes ! ext . junkyard - day the door of a secret garage open . then headlight turn on and a crazy car drive towards we with flint and Steve inside look determine . flint Flying car 2 ... now with wing . wing pop out of the car . awesome . cloudy with a chance of meatball 75 . ext . chewandswallow - continuous a giant watermelon smashes into the cannery send goop and huge seed fly all over town ! Sam dive out of the way of a massive candy corn , just before it flatten a truck . a dozen enormous chocolate donut roll down the street , chase Joe towne and other . joe towne I have a weird dream like this once ! a man with a giant macaroni over he head run around blindly , try to get it off . macaroni guy I have a macaroni on my head ! a enormous pancake cover the school . kid outside watch , excited . kide no school ! a cherry break a shop window and a man steal a tv . the walk tv break the window next to it and steal a man . amid the chaos and panic : screech ! flint roll up , step out of the car , face the crowd , and a still - mad Sam . flint everyone ! I want to apologize . especially to you , Sam . but I have a plan . this flashdrive contain a kill code . I will fly up into that foodstorm , plug it into the machine and shut it down forever , while you guy evacuate the island use -- mayor this be all he fault ! get he ! crowd / joe towne there he be ! / get he ! / let 's rock he car back and forth ! flint jump back into he car and Steve lock the door . people start rock the car . Earl enter . cloudy with a chance of meatball 76 . earl hey !!! everyone stop in they track . Earl flip onto the hood . earl ( cont 'd ) this mess we be in , it 's all we fault . I , it be my job to protect and serve the people , and I do not even protect my own son . on the crowd , nodding in agreement . Sam , Brent , other . earl ( cont 'd ) look , I be as mad at flint as you be . in fact , when he get out of that car , I be go to slap he in the face . I know flint lockwood make the food , but it be make to order . and now it 's time for all of we to pay the bill . the crowd clap . Steve lick the windshield . flint get out and get on the hood . flint thank you , Earl . Earl slap flint . flint ( cont 'd ) ow . earl sorry . flint it 's okay . earl ( to crowd ) let 's go build some boat ! the crowd cheer . Earl exit . Sam step onto the hood . SAM I be come with you . you be gonna need someone to navigate you through that storm . ( softens ) I can not let you do this alone . flint oh , Sam , I be so sorry -- cloudy with a chance of meatball 77 . he go in for a kiss and get deny . again . SAM be you kid ? flint well , I just think that -- SAM no. flint okay . manny step onto the car . manny you be go to need a copilot . SAM you be a pilot too ? manny yes . I be also a particle physicist . SAM really ? manny no , that be a joke . I be also a comedian . all laugh . steve ha ! ha ! hal flint let 's do this , every -- brent ( 0.s. ) I be come , too . Brent step onto the hood . he 's heavy . flint ( polite ) Brent ! uh , that 's okay . brent no , it 's not okay . I have be coast on my fame since I be a baby ... ( more ) cloudy with a chance of meatball 78 . brent ( cont 'd ) but it be all just a illusion . maybe up there , I ’11l find out who I really be . flint uh , car 's pretty full , so ... but flint can not turn down Brent and he puppydog expression . ext . swallow fall - day everybody be jamme in the car . flint drive , manny sit on the console , Sam be in passenger seat , and Brent and Steve be in the back . brent ( laugh ) yeah ! Brent ! flint okay . flint , with new resolve , take off in the car-plane . they pass a flock of ratbird who seem to nod solemnly as flint give they a thumb up . they fly by Tim outside the tackle shop . tim ( to himself ) good luck , son . ext . chewandswallow , STREET - day triumphant music plays as the weird , rickety car- plane take off ! int . / ext . car - plane - continuous flint steer through cloud as g-force make the plane shake like crazy . everyone make shaky noise . steve ( shaky ) steeeeeve . the doppler go off . a GREEN mist cover the windshield . SAM pea soup fog ! they be fly blind . something hit they . whooaa ! whoosh ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 79 . flint manny , hit the wiper ! manny push twelve button ... SAM ( re : doppler ) flint , there 's massive gastroprecipitation accumulate around the machine . it 's almost as if it 's -- ...- manny finish he button push sequence and the wiper finally come on . flint ( grave ) Inside a giant meatball . everyone look out the window . as they emerge from the fog , reveal a food asteroid -- a huge mass of congeal food with food - blast blowhole . the fldsmdfr in the center . Sam look out the window , see white cloud suck in through the top ; black food cloud shoot out the bottom . SAM Water go in the top , a food hurricane come out the bottom . brent I be glad I be wear a diaper . they continue they approach to the monstrous meatball . a pizza pie break apart into slice that follow they . Sam look in the sideview mirror and see they as they shoot pepperonis like bullet . SAM anybody order pizza ? brent the pizza 's chase we ? flint sentient food ? that 's impossible . SAM unless its molecular structure 's mutate into superfood -- flint / SAM -- that 's be genetically engineered to protect the fldsmdfr . cloudy with a chance of meatball 80 . steve pizza ! flint / SAM / brent aaaaaaaaahh ! steve pizza , pizza , pizza ! they react as a topping hit the plane . a cool pizza slice dogfight ensue ! flint be a bad pilot , and in the ruckus almost drop the flashdrive . flint whew ! that be close . I mean , can you imagine if we lose this kill code ? ptong ! a mushroom slice break a window and knock the flash drive out of flint 's hand and out the window . Long beat . brent uh-oh ! ext . chewandswallow - day huge food smashes the building on all side of Tim 's tackle shop . ring , ring . Tim answer he old land - line phone . tim Tim 's tackle shop . intercut with : int . car - plane - continuous flint be on he phone mid-pizza dogfight . flint dad , you be okay , great ! um , I need a favor , the fate of the world depend on it . tim okay , then , skipper , what do you need ? flint I just need you to go into my lab , get on a computer and e-mail a file to my cell phone . cloudy with a chance of meatball 81 . beat of Tim wide - eye with the notion of use a computer . tim ummmm-uhhh ... alright . Tim hang up . the dogfight continue . flint be still a bad pilot . manny want I to drive ? flint yeah , okay . manny be a awesome pilot , outflank the pizza with ease . flint ( cont 'd ) wow . you be a lot better than I . SAM uh-huh . they come upon the huge intake hole that be suck cloud into the top of meateroid . flint turn the doppler map and point . flint okay , here 's the plan . Sam and I will enter the meateroid through the intake here , which should lead we straight to the fldsmdfr . manny , you and Steve will stay on the plane . ( grab can of spray - on shoe from steve ) do not spray that in you mouth . once my dad email I the kill code , we will destroy the machine , and rendezvous here at the western blowhole in ... how long until the world 's destroy ? SAM about twenty minute . flint just before then . brent what about I , Brent , what do I do ? flint uh , you can be president of the backseat . cloudy with a chance of meatball 82 . brent ( excite , then ) oh . flint deploy hatch ! the hatch pop off like on a F - 16 . flint ( cont 'd ) car upside down ... go ! manny do a barrel roll and flint and Sam fall onto the car - plane ceiling . they stare out the hatch to the long drop . flint ( cont 'd ) lady first ? no? alright . flint , then Sam ( still clutching the doppler ) leap out into the huge , meaty hole . Brent jump out after they ... brent wait for I ! ... except that he get stick in the hatch . brent ( cont 'd ) ( struggling ) I be good . finally he pop free and fall after they . Sam and flint free fall down the hole , unaware of Brent . SAM ( yelling ) as long as we stay on course , it should be a straight shot to the -- Brent slam into they and take they off course . flint aaah ! SAM aaaah ! brent yeah ! int . food asteroid , food tunnel - continuous flint , Sam and Brent tumble into a pitch black tunnel . oof ! all ooof ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 83 . brent we be a team !!! int . food asteroid , food tunnel - day flint create a torch from a marshmallow and a shrimp skewer , and light it on a flame cherries jubilee . it illuminate the scary wall of a tunnel make of giant congeal food . flint whoa . SAM ( point to doppler map ) we have land here in some kind of exhaust vent . but if we go this way , the fldsmdnsfdr should be right down this air shaft . ( then ) Brent , get out of that pie . Brent be eat a pie in the wall . brent ( mouth full ) what 's up ? ext . tim 's backyard - moment later Tim face the port-a-potty elevator ... and pause , reluctant . then he get in and flush . int . elevator tube - moment later Tim shoot up the tube , scream . int . flint 's lab - moment later Tim enter with awe and face the computer , showdown style . lab computer welcome , flint . int . scary food cave - moment later flint , Sam and Brent face a huge cavern which have a river of boil hot oil run through it . and they have to get to the other side ! flint that 's fry oil . cloudy with a chance of meatball 84 . they carefully begin to cross it , use french fries and chicken nugget as float platform . as they cross -- phone : '' flint you have a call , flint you have a call . '' flint ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) dad ! uh , okay , great . on the screen there 's a file mark '' kill code . '' intercut with : int . flint 's lab - continuous Tim stare at the computer as if it be a spaceship . tim wha ...? huh ? flint move that into my e-mail window , type in my name and press '' send . '' Tim look around the lab for a window . tim window ? flint okay , dad . you see the thing that look like a little piece of paper ? tim what ? flint use the mouse to drag it . tim drag it ? flint drag it . tim drag it ? flint drag it . Tim put the mouse on the screen and try to move the arrow . cloudy with a chance of meatball 85 . tim flint mm-hm , mm -hm , mm-hm ... great . okay , great . okay , great . tim it 's not drag . flint drag it across the desktop . Tim literally drag the keyboard across the top of the desk . paper , equipment and the keyboard crash onto the floor . tim that do not do anything . flint of course it do not ! you know what ? aaaaarghh ! ext . fluffy pancake covering the school - same time townspeople build boat out of giant sandwich and swiss cheese sail with pretzel stick mast as Earl instruct they . earl go! go! go ! hoist that sail ! toast that bread ! we be run out of time ! Earl stop and look up as the dam start to rumble ominously . earl chest hair tingle . earl ( cont 'd ) let 's move out ! go! go! go ! we can do it ! come on , move it , move it , good job , that 's what I be talk about ! everybody head to the dock ! ext . chewandswallow - continuous everyone run out of the pancake , hold the boat over they head . they dodge enormous food . as the first boat arrive at the dock , the Mayor arrive from out of nowhere and plows through the crowd . mayor wait , wait ! I have a important announcement . ( beat ) see ya , sucker ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 86 . he steal the first bread boat and shove off . mayor ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) bon voyage ... and bon appetit ! he chow down on he own bread boat as he sail away . everyone on the dock be mad . meanwhile , Earl , Regina and Cal run with they boat , but Cal lose he grip and fall . earl Cal ?! regina calvin ! Cal look up at the dam . a cherry land on top of the food mound ... and the dam break open ! a massive avalanche of food sweep into town , destroy building . earl Cal , get back here ! cal ( stunned ) foodalanche . earl Cal ! I be not gonna lose you again ! Earl pick Cal up and start run . regina baby ! Earl toss cal to Regina . then he pick up they boat and carry it -- with he family on it -- towards the water as the foodalanche roll towards they , right on he heel . regina ( cont 'd ) hold on tight , calvin ! a giant cherry fly at they and Regina bat it away with a candy cane . Earl leap into the air with he wife , child and boat , through a huge fall nacho chip and they all land safely on the water , push out to sea by the foodalanche . earl everybody head south ! we have get to stay ahead of that storm ! intercut : cloudy with a chance of meatball 87 . int . flint 's lab / meateroid - continuous the foodalanche be head for flint 's lab . Tim be still try to send that email . tim now what ? flint just click send ! SAM flint , the fldsmdfr be right down there ! flint dad , hurry ! tim send ? send ...? oh , wait -- bam ! the foodalanche crash in . before he can hit the button , Tim be knock over . flint hear cacophony on the line . flint dad ? dad ?! can you hear I ? dad ?! noise bok -chk -bok -chk . Brent turn and look around , scare . but flint be still focus on he phone . brent hey guy ? Sam and flint turn to see giant roast chicken cover the ceiling a la the alien in alien . flint ( sotto ) Holy crapball . they try to run ... flint ( cont ’d ) go , go , go , go , go , go , go ! .-- but the roast chicken drop down and surround they ! flint / SAM / brent aaaaah ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 88 . the lead chicken approach Brent . brent aw , I do not know , I think they be kind of cute . I mean , this one just walk up to I and -- in one horrifying move , the biggest roast chicken swallows Brent down he gullet . brent ( cont 'd ) ( muffled ) aaaaaahhh ! flint / SAM they eat breeeennnnt !!!! the chicken totally surround flint and Sam and there 's no escape . int . flint 's lab / meateroid - intercut flint ( terrified ) dad , I be surround by man-eate chicken right now . look , I realize this whole time you be just try to get I to do the right thing . I just hope I still can . ( then ) okaybye . at this , Tim 's arm emerge from the rubble ! then he drag he whole body out of the food , reach for the mouse and push the button . send ! flint look at he phone and see '' email received . subject : kill code. 1 attachment '' flint ( cont 'd ) dad ! a chicken swallow the phone out of flint 's hand . flint ( cont 'd ) hey , give I that phone back ! he reach for the phone , but suddenly another chicken fall over , scream and convulsing . the other chicken lean in to see what 's happen . Brent shove he head through the neck of the chicken and assume control of its arm and leg . brent raaaaaaah ! uh-oh ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 89 . flint baby Brent ? brent I be not baby Brent anymore . I be Chicken Brent ! he pull out he diaper and drop it on the floor . brent ( cont 'd ) and I be finally contribute to society ! crotch kick ! he punch and kick the other chicken with a vengeance . flint 's cell phone pop out of one of they . he pick up flint and Sam and get they out of harm way for the moment . brent ( cont 'd ) now go , you crazy kid , and save the world . flint you do it , Chicken Brent ! you really do it . brent go , go , go , go ! flint and Sam escape while Chicken Brent stay behind and hold off the chicken . SAM it should be right down this ... hole . they skid to a stop as we reveal a deep , nasty look pit line with stalactite . SAM ( cont 'd ) that 's peanut brittle . if either one of we touch it , we will go into anaphylactic shock . flint look guilty . flint actually , I be not entirely allergic to peanut . I might have just say that to get you to like I . SAM so you really think have allergy would make you more attractive ? cloudy with a chance of meatball 90 . flint ehhhhhhhh . ext . sky / int . car - plane - day manny adeptly steer around various oncoming food . manny there 's the western blowhole , Steve . Steve try to grab manny 's pencil thin moustache . steve moustache ... moust --! manny grunt at he and he recoil . Wide , we see the black cloud spread . ext . new york CITY , time square - day Black cloud roll in . everyone look up . on the jumbotron a sign read '' try bagel - suprisingly high in calories ! '' crash ! a huge bagel take out the sign ! new york woman sesame bagel ! a customer hold he hot dog up to a vendor . customer I ask for extra mustard . and extra mustard drench he from above . two homeless prophet stand next to each other wear sandwich board . one read '' the World end tomorrow . '' the other read '' the World end today . '' Prophet # 1 be crush by a pretzel . prophet # 2 haha ! I be right ! ext . around the world - day a club sandwich use the eiffel Tower as a toothpick . frechman Sacre bleu ! cloudy with a chance of meatball 91 . tourist enjoy the manmade beauty of mt. rushmore -- until the president be smashed with cream pie !! tourist aaaaaaaaaahhhh ! hot tea rain down on Big Ben ... and londoner . londoner hot tea ! / it 's scalding ! at the great wall of china , a giant fortune cookie land and break open . a tourist read the fortune : tourist you be about to be crush by a giant corn . just then , a giant cob of corn roll down the wall towards the tourist . int . wnn newsroom - same the wnn anchor report from the newsdesk . wnn anchor it look like the foodstorm be follow a unusual pattern of hit the world 's most famous landmark first and be now spread to the rest of the -- a giant pretzel crash into the newsroom . wnn anchor ( cont ’d ) what the what ? int . food asteroid , spiky pit - moment later Brent be struggling to hold off the chicken . brent hurry up , guy ! use a licorice rope , Sam lower flint down the shaft . Sam struggle with flint 's weight . cloudy with a chance of meatball 92 . flint after I plug my phone into the fldsmdfr and destroy it , I will tug on the licorice twice and you will pull I back up , okay ? SAM ( struggling ) sound great . rumble ! flint scream as Sam lose she grip on the licorice rope and he fall . Sam regains control of the rope , but slip down the shaft in the midst of a bunch of peanut brittle shard . SAM ( cont 'd ) agh . Sam look down at she arm . it 's be cut ! SAM ( cont 'd ) oh no . flint you get cut , do not you . Sam 's arm and face swell up like a balloon . SAM ( super stuffed ) it 's just a scratch . ( snort up phlegm ) flint Brent , you need to take Sam back to the plane to get she a allergy shot ! Brent be kick and punch by a group of angry chicken . brent just a second ... SAM what ? no ! flint let go , Sam . SAM I be not gonna let you go . flint , you will be stick down there . flint look down into the dark pit , then back up at Sam . cloudy with a chance of meatball 93 . flint it 's not ideal , no . SAM ( desperate ) come with we . we /’1l start over . we ’1ll live underground . use bacon for clothes . flint Sam , that 's not a very good plan . SAM it be if it mean I do not have to lose you ! ( beat ) look , I like you , okay . flint like -- like , as a friend ? her head still be swollen and pink . SAM no. like , like you like you . flint I too . but about you . he bite the licorice rope , fall into the blackness . flint ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , Sam . SAM flint ! no ! Sam stumble backwards and fall . chicken swarm she , until Brent arrive ! he toss she onto he back and race out through the tunnel , bowl over the other chicken . brent hang on , Sam ! Dr. manny 's get the medicine for you face ! int . food asteroid , food cave - day flint aaaaahhh ! flint land , pull himself up and discover he 's in a enormous food cavern . cloudy with a chance of meatball 94 . at the center be the fldsndmfr , in a uvula-like column of gelatin , above a undulate pit . the machine '' inhale '' a bunch of cloud and release a mass of black smoke down the pit . machine voice ( food walla ) int . food asteroid , food tunnel - day Brent pant as he gallop down the food tunnel with Sam on he back , chase by chicken . SAM ( groggy ) manny , we be on we way , hurry ... manny ( v.o. ) hang on , Sam , I be circle the blowhole . ext . sky / int . car - plane - day manny adeptly steer . thunk , thunk -- something hit the underside of the wing . manny be be das ? Steve jump up onto manny 's face , then hide under the seat . steve scare . on the wing , large gummi bear pull themselves up and tear the wing apart . the plane plummet . terrify , Steve slowly raise he head and look out the window . his eye open wide in shocked glee . steve ( cont ’d ) gummi bear ! steve 's dream sequence : gummi bear play with we , play with we / eat we , eat we . cloudy with a chance of meatball 95 . back to scene : Steve leap out onto the wing , devouring the gummi bear and ripping apart they cute gummi body . head and limb fly . falling gummi bear ( scream ) steve Steve . hungry ! hungry ! gummi bear ! but the plane be still in a tailspin ! int . food asteroid , food tunnel - day Brent reach the end of the tunnel and pause . there 's no sign of manny . brent ohhhh , manny where be you ?! on steve , who rip out the heart of the last gummi bear and eat it . on brent , look back fearfully as the chicken close in . with no choice , he leap out of the blowhole into mid-air , scream as he plummet ... but manny fly in at the last second and Brent slam into the windshield . int . car -plane / ext . sky - continuous Brent lower Sam into the plane . SAM uuuugh . oh , boy ... brent she touch a peanut or something ! int . food asteroid , food cave - day flint make he way toward the machine , humming he soundtrack and move like a kid pretend to be a action hero . he accidentally step on a tortilla chip , crunch , alert the machine to he presence . cloudy with a chance of meatball 96 . immediately the top half of the uvula lift the fldsmdfr up and it fire a giant corn at flint . machine voice corn . the corn rip into the ground in front of he , digging a huge crater in the spot where flint be just stand . the machine nose forward , still attach to the uvula , and use a beam of light to scan the room for flint -- he 's nowhere to be find . the light beam pass over a row of food embed in one of the wall -- strawberry , hot dog , pickle -- nothing . except -- that 's not a hot dog , it 's flint in a bun ! but the machine do not see he , and the uvula return it to the gelatinous column to continue pump food around the world . machine voice ( cont 'd ) ( food walla ) flint slip out of the bun and inside a cocktail olive and run over to a corner . he grab item as he go -- a strand of spaghetti , a shrimp -- and tie they tightly together ... flint grabbing . tying . throw . ... then toss the end with the shrimp through the hole of a donut hang from the ceiling and the tail of the shrimp hook in . flint ( cont 'd ) wait ... machine voice ( food walla ) flint time it so the machine have just '' exhale , '' then swing out on the spaghetti strand ... flint swing ! ..- wrapping it around the uvula like a tetherball so that the machine can not suck in any cloud . flint land right next to the machine and immediately pull out he cell phone with the kill code . cloudy with a chance of meatball 97 . flint ( cont 'd ) sorry old friend . the kitchen 's close ! he jam the phone into the machine 's port . but instead of the kill code , it turn out Tim send he the cat dj video . flint ( cont 'd ) dad , no ... suddenly the uvula rear up , snap the spaghetti , lift the fldsmdfr , and flint have to hang on for dear life as the machine become a buck bronco , flail wildly and shoot food in all direction . flint slip , barely hold onto one of the leg of the machine as he dangle above the huge pit . the fldsmdfr suck in cloud until the uvula look like a giant balloon fill the most of the cave , and prepare to unload on flint . he look down at the hole and notice he foot , still cover -- at always -- in the indestructible spray - on shoe . his eye go wide . flint pull out he can of spray - on shoe ... machine voice ( food walla ) flint when it rain , you put on a coat . of spray - on shoe !!! yeah ! ... and sprays the Chow plopper , sealing it shut forever . the machine burst at the seam . flint look up at the machine and steel himself ...t hen lets go and fall down through the food hole , out the column of black smoke as the machine explode ... boom ! the explosion expands outward , follow flint down the hole . it get closer and closer until it overtake he . int . car - plane - day SAM ( 0.s. ) ( groggy ) what 's happen ... chicken ... manny grab a EPI pen and jam it into Sam 's leg and she wake up with a start ! her swell instantly go down . cloudy with a chance of meatball 98 . SAM ( cont 'd ) where 's flint ? as they streak towards we , the meateroid explode ! SAM ( cont 'd ) noo000000000 ! ! ! Brent console Sam with a sticky , chickeny hug . brent I know , kid . I know . ext . around the world - day Paris , London , New York -- a ripple of explosive energy clear the sky . everyone cheer ! ext . ocean - day everyone on the boat watch the explosion clear the sky . Tim climb out unharme from the Port -a -potty . he look up at the sky and watch , hopeful , as the car-plane approach . ext . chewandswallow - later the breadboat return to shore as the car-plane land . the island be cover with giant food . manny , Steve , Chicken Brent and Sam emerge to cheer . then Sam close the door to the plane . Tim approach Sam . tim flint ? SAM ( hang head ) I be sorry . tim oh ... Tim 's face fall . he start to tear up . Sam put she hand on Tim 's shoulder . SAM you son be a great man . behind they , a flock of ratbird fly down from the sky . the crowd point and gasp . cloudy with a chance of meatball 99 . Sam and Tim turn to see ratbird gently place a smoking , woozy flint on the ground . flint give the ratbird a thumb - up . they squawk they approval . everyone run over to hug we hero . flint Steve ! steve Steve ! brent flint ! flint Brent ! steve Steve . cal flint ! flint Cal ! steve Steve ! earl flint ! flint Earl ! macaroni guy ( muffled ) flint ! flint you ... guy ! steve Steve . then Sam approach . flint Sam . SAM flint . flint Sam . cloudy with a chance of meatball 100 . SAM flint . they look into each other 's eye . Tim approach . tim flint . flint dad . steve Steve . tim ( awkward ) flint ... oh . when you ... when you cast you line ... if it 's not straight ... you , umm ... Father and son stand there awkwardly . beat . SAM oh , for cry out loud . Sam tear off Steve 's thought translator and put it on Tim . suddenly the box allow he to gush he true feeling . tim ( through translator ) I be proud of you , flint . I be amaze that someone as ordinary as I could be the father of someone as extraordinary as you . you be talented , you be a total original and you lab be breathtaking . you mom , she always know you be go to be special and if she be alive today , she have tell we both , '' I tell you so . '' now , look , when I take this thing off and you hear I make a fishing metaphor , just know that fishing metaphor mean ... ( spoken ) I love my son . flint hug he dad . he 's never be happier . the crowd cheeer . flint I love you , too , dad . Tim nudge flint over to Sam . flint turn to she . flint ( cont 'd ) so where be we ...? cloudy with a chance of meatball 101 . SAM you be about to kiss I . flint be you go to kiss I back ? SAM why do not you find out ? flint because I do not want to go for it and then get shut down again . SAM just kiss I ! she close she eye and lean in , puffing she cheek out in the same never- kiss - anyone face flint make earlier . flint make the same face and go for it . it 's the most awkward , nerdiest , and somehow still immensely satisfy on - screen kiss ever . on flint and SAM , kissing . as we begin a huge cinematic pull out , we hear ... tim that 's my son . brent yeah ! I be a chicken ! we pull back through the same cloud that lead we into the movie , and ratbird fly by , wiping to the end ext . ocean - day the Mayor bob on what 's leave of he mostly - eat boat , completely alone in the open ocean ... mayor this be not well think out . he take another bite , resign .