cloud atlas a Film by A. wachowski L. wachowski T. tykwer base on the novel by David Mitchell fade in : on mote like meteor ; dance , streaking particle of light that rise up against the endless night as we tilt down revealing -- the flicker flame of a campfire , waver in the wind . ext . village - night - year 2346 Broken -knuckle , scab cover hand reach for the warmth of the fire . zachry lornsome night . babbit bawlin’ , wind bitin’ t’bone . Zachry ( 50' ) look old , more weathered than age , wear a mix of fur and strange futuristic armor . zachry ( cont ’d ) wind like this carry voice , ancestry howlin’ at ’cha , scream they storey , all they voice tie up i not ’one . on he face be a terrible scar , a brand burn into he cheek . zachry ( cont 'd ) and out there 's you know who , spyin from the dark ... Old georgie and I cross path more time 'o I be comfy mem’ryn . after I be die no tellin’ what that fangy devil will not try to do to I ... the fire glint in he eye . zachry ( cont 'd ) listen close and lemme yarn you ' bout the first time we meet eye to eye ... ext . chatham island beach - day - year 1846 moving Pov on a trail of footstep in the sand ... be follow by adam ewing ( 35 ) , a lawyer from the city of San Francisco who appear out of place on the shore of this Pacific island . ewing ( v.0o . ) thus it be that I make the acquaintance of Doctor Henry Goose , surgeon of London nobility . the path lead to dr . henry goose ( mid - 40 's ) , he trousers roll up , sport a unkempt beard as he shovel and sift through the sand . ewing ( cont ’d ) Doctor Goose ? Goose look at ewing , eye to eye . goose and who might you be ? ewing ewing , Adam ewing , sir. travel with the '' prophetess '' . they tell I I could find you out here . have you lose something ? goose ( a beat , then smile ) teeth , sir be the enamele grail of the quest at hand . this beach be once a cannibal 's banquet hall , where the strong gorge on the weak , but the tooth , the tooth sir , they spat out as you or I would expel a cherry stone . a artisan of Piccadilly who fashion denture set for the nobility pay handsomely for human gnasher . do you know the price a quarter pound will earn , sir ? ewing I confess , I do not . goose nor shall I enlighten you , sir for ‘tis a professional secret . ahhhhahahaha ! the doctor have denture himself ; the tooth , overly large for he mouth , give he a comedic and paradoxically carnivorous appearance . int . volkswagen beetle - day - year 1974 luisa rey ( mid 30 's ) , a feminist from the day when it be a ideal , not a fashion statement , talk into she tape recorder . luisa rey question one : what secret might be in sixsmith 's report that would be worth kill he for ? question two : if in fact someone do kill he , be it reasonable to assume they would kill again to protect that secret and if so , question three : what the fuck be I do here ? ext . swannekke island bridge - day - year 1974 the beetle rattles toward a small island dominate by a nuclear power plant cool tower ; a man-made volcano blow white smoke indifferently across a blue sky . the security booth be besiege by demonstrator wield sign that scream , '' welcome to Cancer Island ! '' and '' Hell no ! we wo not glow ! '' she stop in front of the gate and the mirrore shade wear guard step over . guard Press pass . luisa rey expecting trouble ? int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 a enforcer hand a small wand - like device to the archivist , aman in he early thirty . enforcer any problem sir , you just hit this button . archivist thank you . the enforcer leave they alone . the glow panel hum above they . the archivist sit across from sonmi - 451 , a young female replicant , who watch he , she magnetic shackle , securely lock to the armrest . he remove the '' orison '' , a egg-shape recording device , from its case . he set it upright and it begin to spin . archivist ( cont ’d ) on behalf of my Ministry and the future of unanimity , I want to thank you for this final interview . her genetically design feature remain a mask of servile patience . archivist ( cont ’d ) remember this be not a interrogation or a trial . you version of the truth be all that matter . sonmi -451 Truth be singular . its '' version '' be mistruth . the noise of a old typewriter in use cut into the silence . int . cavendish 's study - evening - year 2009 a beautiful English study ; bookshelve line the wall . timothy cavendish , a older man be type he memoir into a typewriter . cavendish ( v.0o . ) while my extensive experience as a editor have lead I to a disdain for flashback and flash forward and all such tricksy gimmick I believe that if you , dear reader , can extend you patience for just a moment , you will find there be a method to this tale of madness . he pause , consider , then sip the last of he wine before continue . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) look . I be dermot hoggins 's publisher , not he shrink or he astrologer , the ruddy , bloody truth be I have no idea what the man be go to do that night . int . laughing cavalier HOTEL - dawn - year 1931 ROBERT frobisher ( early 20 's ) look as though he have be up for day . he place a envelope carefully on the desk , just above a manuscript entitle '' the cloud atlas sextet . '' frobisher my dearest sixsmith . I shot myself through the roof of my mouth at four am this morning with vyvyan ayr 's luger . he go to the bathroom and wrap he head in a towel . he get into the tub and pick up the luger pistol . frobisher ( cont ’d ) a true suicide be a pace , discipline certainty . people pontificate , '' suicide be selfishness , '' while career churchman like pater call ita coward 's act typically because they lack the necessary suffer to sympathize . could not be further from the truth ; suicide take tremendous courage . he put the gun in he mouth . frobisher ( cont 'd ) do not let they say I kill myself for love . have my infatuation but we both know in we heart who be the sole love of my short , bright life . as he cock back the hammer and prepare to pull the trigger we cut to black . title : cloud atlas on a background of swirl nimbi . fade out ext . cart trail - dusk - year 2314 a man and he two son push a overload archaic look hand cart along a muddy wood trail . they stop at a ford along a river bed , the sun low in the sky . 6 . helping they , without exerting much effort be Zachry who we recognize , though he be a decade young and do not have the terrible scar . zachry ( v.0 . ) for I , all start way back when I still have mo 's my tooth . I a 's Adam , my bro ’by law , a he two son be trekkin ' back from honokaa market . evenin ' catch we up early , so we tent on the southly bank o' sloosha 's crossin ' . Zachry ' 's brother - in - law , Adam and he two son begin to set up a makeshift camp . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) now , I would get diresome hole - spew that day ' cos I would eat a gammy dog leg in honokaa , an' I be squattin ' in a thicket when sudd 'nwise I feel the devil 's eye on I . Zachry defecate in a leafy brush when he feel as though he be not alone . zachry ( cont ’d ) who 's there ? the hair on he neck stand up . creepy voice oh , a darky spot you be in , friend . zachry name y'self ! Zachry yank out he weapon . zachry ( cont 'd ) I get a blade , I have ! the voice hiss at he . creepy voice ai not no blade can protect you from the true-true ... perched above he , wrap in dusky shadow be old georgie ; a devil dress in black tatter and a batter stovepipe hat , he spindly arm and leg unfold from beneath he spider - like as he stand . zachry ( scared , whisper ) Old georgie ... the devil cackle . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I know the moment he look I dead t’eye , my soul be stone . suddenly , Old georgie leap down at Zachry who scream --- stagger , hike up he pants and run away , crash through the brush straight into a clear -- fill with savage - look tattooe man astride armored horse : kona raider . the blood drain from he face as Zachry freeze for a moment , then turn and bolt . they howl as they rear they horse in chase . the underbrush tear at Zachry as he sprint back to he camp . the taunting shriek of the kona and the thunder hoof of horse swirl around he , close fast . Zachry can feel they almost on top of he when he foot get catch by a root and he suddenly drop , disappear into a thick bed of leave . the horse scream past he . he let out a breath , still shaking from the chase but as the sound of the raider recede , he hear they shout rise renew . he realize he have lead the kona to Adam and he two son . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now panickin ' wing you foot but it muddy you thinkin ' too , so I rabbite back to camp . I jus ' follow my instinct without thinkin ' through what would happen . Zachry scramble from he hide place and carefully worm he way to the edge of the camp . the kona have surround Zachry 's brother - in - law and nephew , hoot at they as they toy with they prey . he watch as Adam swing he axe defensively when the crack of a bullwhip send he to he knee . another crack and the axe be tear from he hand . Zachry lie paralyze by fear as Old georgie seem to materialize from the shadow beside he ; at first , the malevolent smile be the only thing visible . old georgie yay , stay here . saaaaaaafe here . ai not no sense in try to help ’em . you have say it y’self many time , be not ya ? '' the weak be meat , the strong do eat . '' the true -true , what that be . no un nscape the true-true . horror , like a hand of ice , squeeze Zachry 's heart as the -- kona chief grab a handful of Adam 's hair and wrench back he head . his blade flash as he slit he throat from ear to ear . old georgie ( cont ’d ) shame but Adam 's too old for slavin’ . ai not fit for nuthin’ but feedin’ worm . his youngest nephew scream and attack but he he quickly and violently subdued . the older boy try to protect he brother but be also bludgeon into submission . the two boy be throw over a horse as the kona prepare to depart . old georgie ( cont 'd ) dem boy a head t’slave market . ai not nuthin’ y’can do t’stop it . ' side who 's gonna look after you sister and little catkin ? this think take away some of the pain and horror of what Zachry have just experience . old georgie ( cont 'd ) yay , think ' bout catkin and Rose . make thinkin’ about y’self so much easier ... do not it ? the face fade back into the darkness while the smile linger , dissolve into a patch of leafy crepuscular light . alone , Zachry look at Adam 's body and begin to weep . 9 . int . missionary society - chatham island - day - year 1846 a contract be be sign . ewing ( v.0o . ) Wednesday , 9th of September . the contract be sign . my father - in - law should be happy . reverend horrox sit across from ewing and finish the last signature . ewing ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) all my worry due to the delay cause by my fail health seem fatuous . a bit of good fortune -- Doctor Henry Goose have offer to accompany I back to San Francisco and treat I . how I long for this journey to end , to be home again , to be in tilda 's arm . Close on a pool of smoking red wax as a seal be press into it . above the seal be the signature of reverend gile horrox of the London missionary Society . horrox there you be , mr.ew . as bind a covenant there can ever be between man outside the province of scripture . ewing thank you , reverend horrox . I know my father - in- law be profoundly excited about this deal . horrox you father - in- law be a great man . future generation depend upon man like he ; man capable of speak the truth . ewing nod like someone use to live in someone else 's shadow . int . horrox dinning room - night - 1846 Adam ewing and Goose sup on turtle soup with the horrox family and a few member of he clergy . 10. horrox when I first encounter haskell Moore 's write , its perspicuity strike I as if deliver through Divine revelation . Goose slurp he soup . horrox ( cont ’d ) Doctor Goose , a learn man such as yourself must be familiar with he tractus , '' the ladder of civilization ? '' goose I confess , reverend , my education remain a work in progress . horrox how providential you choice of word Doctor , for progress be precisely the subject . specifically the kind of progress that we see here in bethlehem Bay everyday . but I be sure Mr. ewing would be better at explain the work of he father - in - law than I . attention shift to ewing , who set he spoon down with a mute clatter against the taurine . ewing well , let 's see . it be , in essence , a syllogistic exploration of God 's will . madame parishioner ( to Goose ) I could not understand a word of it Doctor , but when the reverend explain it in one of he homily , well , the whole parish feel the presence of we Lord . horrox continue , Mr. ewing . 11 . ewing of course , he acknowledge that God 's will remain ultimately unknowable , but he suggest that if the miracle of the biblical Age , can be interprete as a manifestation of his will then perhaps that same Hand be responsible for the miracle of progress . in this Age he argue , it be progress that elevate man towards he creator , not Jacob 's ladder , but rather '' civilization 's ladder , '' that bear we towards the godhead . Madame parishioner hum in corset pleasure . horrox this explain the advancement of each race , why you have the anglo - saxon at the high -point on the ladder , nearest God and the '' irreclaimable race '' such as the aboriginal and the African or even we own Moriori , who remain one rung up from the great ape , so obdurate to progress and to the Word of God , that no one should be surprised when one of they slip off the ladder altogether . goose you mean extinction ? horrox surely a Doctor know that God 's will be often a act of mercy . madame parishioner amen . head be bow and '' amen '' mumble amidst the flicker candle flame . Goose look at ewing who have trouble meeting he gaze . int . imperial western HOTEL - day - year 1931 the young byronic frobisher lie entwine with he lover rufus sixsmith ; deep shadow cleave into the tangle of sheet frame they coital , luminous flesh . 12 . on frobisher 's back , just below he shoulder there be a strange comet- shape birth mark . frobisher ( v.o. ) sixsmith - I do hope you will be able to find it in you heart ... to forgive I . a terrible pound on the door , jolt the lover awake . HOTEL heavy Mr. frobisher ! Mr. Robert frobisher ! sixsmith start to the door but frobisher stop he though the pound grow more urgent . HOTEL heavy ( cont ’d ) the management would like a word , sir ! Mr. frobisher , open this door ! sixsmith look at frobisher , know exactly what be about to happen ; he lover 's eye shine in a way that often require a apology . HOTEL heavy ( cont ’d ) we know you be in there , Mr. frobisher . please , comply ! a letter be be draft to you father ! Mr. frobisher ! as the pound continue , frobisher slip on most of he clothes include a beautiful waistcoat . as he put it on he smile at sixsmith who smile back know he be about to lose he favorite vest . they stare at one another as if they be the only two people in the world until frobisher kiss he one last time . the kiss end like a spell break , the pound even louder as frobisher dash across the room , grab he small bag and -- leap out the window . there be a metal shriek of a bend drainpipe which cause sixsmith to rush to the window wrap only in a sheet . outside , frobisher thud to a lower roof below , then with a certain awkward aplomb , slip down over the eave and drop to the alley below . 13 . he see sixsmith watch and he bow as though take a final curtain , gesture as if he be throw he heart at sixsmith , flash a rakish smile and dart away just as -- the door burst open . frobisher ( v.o. ) hate leave you like that . be not the goodbye I have in mind at all . but you more than anyone understand the precariousness of my present predicament . sixsmith smile with resignation and reach for he wallet . int . train car - day - year 1931 frobisher write he letter as the city be smear with a impressionist 's brush behind he . frobisher ( v.o. ) I be sure you would remind I I bring it all upon myself , sixsmith , but shrug off that middle - class chip on you shoulder and try to stick with I a little longer . ext . hyde park , london - day - year 1931 sixsmith sit on a park bench , read frobisher 's letter . frobisher ( v.o. ) this time it 's go to be different , I swear to you . this time I have a plan . in the belgian backwater , south of bruge , there life a reclusive English composer , name vyvyan ayr . you will not have hear of he because you be a musical oaf , but he 's one of the great . int . dover train station - day - year 1931 frobisher get off the train and head for the exit . 14 . frobisher ( v.o. ) he have not produce any new work since the early twenty due to illness - but the Times review of last week 's performance of he secular magnificat refer to a drawer full of unfinish work . ext . hyde park , london - day - year 1931 sixsmith , read , sadly sense he love travel further and further away . frobisher ( v.o. ) you see where this be head ? ext . ferry dock - day - year 1931 a crowd board the ferry . frobisher be among they . frobisher ( v.o . ) my scheme have I travel to Belgium , persuade vyvyan ayr he need to employ I as a amanuensis , accept he offer to tutor I , shoot through the musical firmament , win fame and fortune commensurate to my gift , obliging pater to admit that , yes , the son he disinherite be the Robert frobisher , great british composer of he time . ext . ferry - dusk - year 1931 frobisher sit on the deck , finish he letter , the chilly channel wind fondle he hair . frobisher ( v.o. ) I know , sixsmith , you groan and shake you head , but you smile too , which be why I love you . a pretty sailor smile at frobisher as he put he letter away . he smile back . the sailor head below deck as frobisher , feel he luck begin to change , follow . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) p.s. thanks for the waistcoat . I need something of yours to keep I company . 15 . ext . hyde park , london - day - year 1931 sixsmith sigh , a hint of a smile like the taste of bittersweet , fade as he fold the letter and tuck it into a new leather bag as we hear -- musician ( v.o. ) come on , baaaaby , we be mean to be together ! int . highrise apartment - hallway - night - year 1973 Close on a bag that could be sixsmith 's , but wear and age to a point beyond resemblance . a old man stand wait for a elevator . out of the corner of he eye he look towards the voice and the sound of a party spilling out of a apartment . musician luisaaaaa , I be tellin you baby , you can not leave I . it 's a past life thing or maybe a future life , but I feel it , you and I . a man too old for he leather trousers , bare torso and zebra waistcoat , one arm wrap around luisa 's waist , the other hold a joint . luisa rey not tonight , sorry . thanks again for the interview , but really , I need to get home . musician uh-uh , what you need be to lighten up , baby . he take a long hit . musician ( cont 'd ) en-lighten up . come on , one little magic carpet ride . the elevator ding and she look at the old man who turn away as the door slide open . luisa rey look , just so there 's no uncertainty , I have jump to my death before I have ride a magic carpet with you . 16 . she pries herself free as the old man get on the elevator musician pick-ky ! who do you think you be ? joni-fuckin-mitchell ? she run for the door that begin to close . luisa rey Elevator ! musician you write a bullshit gossip column for a fuckin rag ! you be a nobody ! the elevator door be close just as luisa reach they but a cane suddenly jam between they , force they open . luisa rey thank you . the old man nod . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) Nice to know the Age of chivalry be not dead . he manage a smile but it be obvious that he be not a healthy man . in he hand be the small suitcase . they watch the needle leisurely arc its way towards the '' L '' until a gatta- gatta - gatta detonate -- the elevator abruptly lurch to a stop and die with a mechanical scream . both luisa and the old man crash to the ground by the sudden impact . luisa pick herself up as the light stutter on and off before settling on a buzzing sepia . the sprawle man recover himself a little . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) you okay ? old man no bone break , I think . luisa rey let I help you . 17 . old man thanks but I 'il just stay seat for the moment in case it restart suddenly . luisa rey feel like another power outage . perfect end to the perfect day . she hit the ancient intercom button . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) hey anyone there ? we be trap ! can anyone hear I ? static hiss . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) Christ . she look up for a ceiling hatch . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) there 's gotta be a access hatch ... there be not . she look at the old man . luisa rey ( cont 'd ) only in the movie , I guess . she resign , sit down across from he . old man still glad the Age of chivalry be not dead ? she manage a smile . luisa rey I would still rather be here than back up there . old man not you cup of tea , be he ? she snort . luisa rey more like a occupational hazard . old man what occupation might that be , if it 's not inappropriate to ask ? 18 . luisa rey journalist to some , bullshit gossip columnist to other . she reach she hand out . he shake she pull luisa rey ( cont ’d ) luisa rey . it . old man rey ? any relation to lester rey ? she hand back and shrink a little . luisa rey yeah ... he be my father . old man really ? do you know , I subscribe to illustrate Planet in ' 67 just to read you father 's dispatch from Vietnam . one of the few journalist who grasp the war from the asian perspective . luisa rey yeah ... old man I think I read that he have be a policeman , be that right ? luisa rey yeah ... old man but I recall there be some kind of trial , some malfeasance ? luisa rey my dad could never play the game , so they kick he out . old man and then he become a journalist ? luisa rey more like a crusader . old man remarkable . 19 . luisa rey yeah . he realize just how painful the nerve be that he hit . old man he must have be very proud of you , follow in he footstep . luisa rey oh , luisa rey be no lester rey . no award win copy from war zone . no exclusive interview with the leader of the Black panther party . she 's do nothing with she life but crank out a bit of simper gossip for a celebrity rag no one ever admit to read . old man yes , but be it well write , simper gossip ? luisa rey oh , it be excellently write simper gossip . old man then do not bemoan any misspent life quite yet . forgive I for flaunt my experience but you have no conception what a misspent life constitute . ext . starlight bar - night - year 2009 a award night for book publisher hold at a posh bar with a rooftop garden overlook the city . in the background , a jazz sextet play quietly . cavendish ( v.o . ) ' twas the night of the lemon prize , no bigger waste of time in the entire publishing industry . cavendish stand alone look out over the rooftop . behind he , the party crowd : a cloud of critic , complier , commentator - and writer . 20 . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I recall a moment of introspection , at the balcony 's edge , contemplate a change of vocation , why , why would anyone in they right mind choose to be a publisher ? which be when he find I . bad news inexorably do . dermot oy , timothy . dermot hoggins sidle up beside cavendish . dermot ( cont ’d ) it 's all fockin’ bullshit , mate . a fockin’ waste . cavendish probably true , but we never really know what actual effect we have in the great scheme of thing . remember poor melville ; write a rip yarn about a big white whale which be summarily dismiss , laugh at by critic , reject by reader yet , today , lug around in the backpack of every serious student of literature in the western world . dermot I do not give a fock wot ' appen when I be dead . I want people to buy my book now . cavendish as you publisher , obviously nothing would make I happier but for whatever reason , '' knuckle sandwich '' fail to connect to a audience . dermot you want a reason ? I x11 show you a fockin’ reason . right there ! he point as though aim a gun at a smile man , thoroughly enjoy himself . cavendish immediately recognize he . cavendish ahh , you mean , Mr. finch ? 21 . dermot Felix fockin 's finch ! the cunt that shat on my book in he poncy fockin’ magazine ! cavendish it be not you best review . dermot it be my only fockin’ review ! cavendish it be not that bad . he pull a wad piece of paper from he pocket . dermot no ? ( read ) '' Mr. hoggins should apologize to the tree fell for he bloat autobio-novel . four hundred vainglorious page expire in a end that be flat and inane beyond belief . '' dermot fling he glass over the railing . cavendish steady now , dermot . what 's a critic but one who read quickly , arrogantly but never wisely . dermot fockit . he head for finch . cavendish dermot ... swipe two cocktail trays from pass server he start bang they together . dermot lady and gentleman of the jury ! you attention , please ! finch and he gaggle of admirer turn as dermot bear down on they . dermot ( cont 'd ) we have a additional award tonight , fellow book faery ! ooooh 's and chuckle all around dermot . 22 . dermot ( cont ’d ) a award for '' most eminent critic ! '' competition be fierce but - ( he produce a crumble piece of paper ) the panel be unanimous in choose , Mr. - oh , beg pardon , sir Felix finch 0 , B and E ! stirrer crow '' bravo , Felix , bravo . '' finch what might my prize be , I wonder ? a sign copy of a unpulped '' knuckle sandwich ? '' can not be many of that leave . the coterie hoot . dermot seethes . finch ( cont ’d ) well come on , I be breathless with anticipation . just what do that lead -less pencil you call a imagination have in mind to end this scene ? the tension go out of dermot 's face and he wink . dermot oh , I think you be gonna love this one . he grab hold of finch 's lapel , spin he around and with surprising nonchalance - judo throw the critic over the balcony railing . finch 's shriek end with a terrible wet thud on the pavement below . the force of the splatter set off a car alarm . dermot dust he lapel and call over the edge . dermot ( cont 'd ) now , that 's '' a end flat and inane beyond belief . '' the crowd stand dumbstruck , quiet enough to hear champagne bubbling as dermot saunter back to the bar and order a beer . moving in on cavendish who watch he , he horror slowly fade as he begin to sense something gather momentum like music in he head . 23 . cavendish ( v.o . ) my thought ? if I be honest , I admit that the obvious emotion like shock and horror , fly as finch have , here and go , while deep down I experience a nascent sense of a silver lining to this most tragic turn . montage : STREET vendor / newspaper / magazine / tv newspaper and magazine be cover with picture of dermot and finch , ( headline like '' writer:1 critic : 0 '' or '' finch 's final fling '' ) . cavendish ( v.o. ) overnight , dermont '' dusty '' hoggins become a cult hero to the common man . Television News and talk show all circle around the scandal of the month . in a quick montage , we can see more and more monitor , '' knuckle sandwich '' be discuss on every channel . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have be ask on numerous occasion , what be feel like to be at the center of a media storm . ext . cavendish office - day cavendish be besiege by a blockade of reporter as he try to get to he office door . cavendish ( v.o . ) save perhaps the blood and the die , I imagine it feel not unlike be at the center of a shark attack . int . cavendish office - day he squeeze himself in and manage to hold back the wave of microphone - wield zomby . cavendish ( v.o. ) however , since there be very little that can be do to stop it ... 24 . he lock the door and turn look a bit discombobulate . across the room , mrs . latham stand wring she hand . cavendish reach into he coat pocket and pull out a bottle of dom perignon . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) one may as well try to enjoy it . he smile which cause she to smile and giggle . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the high sell cavendish title prior to the dermont sweepstake be a cookbook pen by princess diana 's former horse - groomer . it sell 5,214 copy . a moment later the champagne pop and bubbly froth gush while on the television in the background -- a smile dermont be lead towards the courthouse , through the human sea of reporter , camera bob like the remain of a shipwreck . int . printing shop - day - year 2009 a old fashioned printing press chug along , spitting out title page that read : '' knuckle sandwich , a novel of my life by dermot '' dusty '' hoggins . '' cavendish ( v.0o . ) '' knuckle sandwich '' shift 300 hundred thousand , yes , three hundre thousand copy in less than two month , and yes , I be still talk hardcover . ext . bookstore - day - year 2009 a window be be fill with a major display for glossy new hardcover of '' knuckle sandwich . '' cavendish ( v.o. ) the american publisher , glory glory hallelujah , they love the limey - aristo - get -comeuppance - from - downtrodden - gaelic - Son hook , and a transatlantic auction skyrockete the advance to giddy height . 25 . int . cavendish office - day - year 2009 Close as cavendish open a envelope . Mrs. latham stand behind he . when they see the six figure number , she shriek . cavendish ( v.o. ) I , yes , I , timothy cavendish , have exclusive rights to this platinum goose with a bad case of the trot ! ext . bookstore - day - year 2009 a hand pluck the final '' knuckle sandwich '' from the window . ext . cavendish office - day the window be open and cavendish lean out , look down to the garbage in the alley below . cavendish ( v.o. ) yet , be a good North londoner , which be to say , a devout pessimist , it be not until the check arrive from Hollywood for the rights to the feature film that be in production as I write this , that I distinctly recall the exultation of emancipation . from the window he pitch he old , batter chair which shatter on the cobblestone . ext . cavendish office - day - year 2009 cavendish lean back bounce gently in he new high - tech Aeron chair . Mrs. latham spin like a child in she new chair . cavendish ( v.o. ) they say success can change a person . int . tailor shop - day - year 2009 cavendish stand in he underwear , surround by the best tailor money can by , flipping through several fabric swatch as he be measure . 26 . cavendish ( v.o. ) I say , the only thing success change , be you option . int . cavendish office - day - year 2009 cavendish wear he new suit lean back luxuriantly as he talk on the phone . cavendish ( v.o. ) and of course , you phone sheet . people who would not have take the time to scrape I off they shoe be call on the hour . Mrs. latham signal to he , hold a sign with the name '' mccarthy '' to which cavendish shake he head with thoroughly enjoy superciliousness , before return to he call . ext . cavendish office - night - year 2009 cavendish exit after a magnificent day , look as dapper as he feel . he lock the office door and stride down the small street , he shiny new walk stick click smartly against the cobblestone . cavendish ( v.o. ) I be for the briefest of moment , cinderella , live inside my dream come true , but ala and alack , all dream perish whence the tick clock of reality sound its alarm . behind he , a car with dark tinted window start up and glide in pursuit with the grace of a predatory cat . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the orison spin as the archivist speak as though read from a legal brief . archivist ordinarily , I begin by ask prisoner to recall they earliest memory to provide a context for the corpocratic historian of the future . sonmi -451 fabricant have no earliest memory , archivist . ( more ) 27 . sonmi -451 ( cont 'd ) one twenty - four-hour cycle in papa song 's be indistinguishable from any other . archivist then why not describe this " cycle . '' sonmi-451 if you wish . int . papa song 's galley - yellow up - year 2144 the clone server lay sleep in pod . above they a dim ochre glow seep out from several orb . Inside one pod , a slightly color gas swirl waking sonmi . the pod open and she climb out simultaneously with the other clone . no one speak . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) a server be wake at hour four - thirty by stimulin in the airflow . they file one by one into the hygiener , then proceed with assembly line precision to a small locker room where chemically clean uniform arrive just as they do . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) after a minute in the hygiener and steamer , we put on fresh uniform before filing into the dinery . int . papa song 's - yellow up - montage - year 2144 as the light come up throughout the restaurant , the clone gather for they morning ritual prayer at the plinth of the logoman . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) at yellow - up , we gather around papa song 's plinth for matin . we recite the six catechism , then we beloved logoman appear and deliver he sermon . the logoman appear as a gigantic 3d hologram and deliver he morning sermon that feel like a recording of someone read from , '' inspirational quote of the Day . '' 28 . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) at hour five we man we teller around the hub , ready for the elevator to bring the new day 's first consumer . Consumers begin to arrive and the clone go to work , deliver food and drink , smile , move with efficiency hone through repetition . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for the follow nineteen hour we greet diner , input order , tray food , vend drink , upstock condiment , wipe table , and bin garbage all perform in strict adherence to first catechism . archivist ( v.o. ) what be the first catechism ? sonmi clean the floor as a gang of teenager hurry past she -- sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) '' honor thy consumer . '' one of they throw a smack across she ass . she look at he , she eye pin , she feeling hide beneath she servant 's smile . they all laugh and tumble into the elevator outside of the dinery . int . papa song 's galley - night sonmi sit in she sleep - wear , sip from she packet of soap . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) vesper follow final clean , then we imbibe one soapsac in the dormroom . that be the blueprint of every unvary day . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 when we see she again we realize how different she be from the servant she use to be . archivist what do you do during you free - time ? 29 . sonmi -451 only pureblood be entitle to " free-time , " archivist . he shift uncomfortably . archivist yes , of course . he consult he note . archivist ( cont ’d ) do you ever think about the future ? sonmi -451 papa song server 's only have one possible long - term future . archivist you mean , '' xultation ? '' she nod , she eye like the empty stare of a gun . archivist ( cont ’d ) could you describe this annual rite of passage ? int . papa song 's - night - year 2144 a adv instream image of paradise . the clone gather around the 3d holo-projection , impressed by the store and elegantly decorate mall fill with every conceivable consumable . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) after matin on first Day , seer Rhee would pin a star on every server 's collar . seer rhee , papa song 's clone supervisor , pin the final 12th star on one of sonmi 's sister . her sister be excited as they seem capable of be , each hugging she . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) for the '' twelvestarred '' it be a momentous occasion . twelve star , we believe mean a end to we contract , a end to we life as server . 30 . the clone be lead by several papa song aide to the bank of elevator . archivist ( v.o. ) how do you feel when you watch on of you sister ascend ? she rise up , a wide smile on she face as they catch a final glimpse of she . sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) excitement . I be happy for they . but envious as well sonmi realize that one of she sister be not look up at the elevator bank . instead she be play with something that glint in the light . something that look like a key . this be yoona-939 . archivist ( v.o . ) do you sister server feel as you do ? yoona look up and catch sonmi stare at she . sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) +-- most of they . yes . archivist ( v.o. ) I have like to ask you about the infamous yoona-939 . yoona hide the key and smile the kind of smile that can be share only by two people in the same prison . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the memory well inside sonmi 's mind like a tear . sonmi - 451 we relationship begin ... with a secret . ext . maui - day - year 2321 a beautiful view from a cliff , overlook the ocean . catkin uncle Zach , look ! 31 . a enormous hovercraft cruise towards the island , across the glitter bay . zachry yay , I see ’em . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) the prescient come to Big Isle for barterin’ twice a year . Zachry sit on a rock , he goat scattered around he . his ten year old niece catkin sit beside he , stare at the miraculous ship . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) they ship be not no mythy yarnin’ either , creep - crawlin over the wave , no sail , no oar , just floatin’ on the smart o’ the Old un . a bell clang in the distance follow by the scream of excited child . catkin the great barter 'il be startin’ soon . zachry aye . best go find ya ’ma . she nod excited , jump off the rock but then stop . catkin wha ‘bout you ? ya ’comin 's ? zachry ( v.o. ) time be , I have go skeeddlin , down the hill to meet that ship , elboin 's my way to the front jus’ like ev’run else . Zachry look at the ship docking and shake he head . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but after sloosha 's crossin’ , I be not have the taste for howzittin’ or smilesome yaysayin’ . zachry ( cont 'd ) som an 's gotta mind this knob head have buggah . y ’go on . 32 . catkin can not bring herself to leave she uncle . she climb back on the rock . zachry ( cont ’d ) wha 's cha doin’ ? catkin I best stay with you . zachry why ? catkin mamma say ya be not be right since sloosha 's . she say I gotta keep my eye on ya . Zachry smile . zachry so , y’mindin’ I , while I mind the goat . she nod authoritatively . zachry ( cont ’d ) I see , I see . but she can not hide the disappointment at miss the barter . zachry ( cont 'd ) but the problem be , whose gonna mind you mar at the great barter ? y’know she get no tongue for hagglin’ . not like you ’n’me . what if she give away the ' hole house ? where we gonna sleep ? she brighten . zachry ( cont 'd ) nope . no , bolt hole out of it . you best get down there , rabbit quick ’n’mind you mar for it 's too late . hurry ! she jump down again . catkin y’sure you will be al’right ? 33 . zachry I promise . I x11 be home for suppin , as long as we get som 's where t’sup . now , go on ! smiling , she race down the hill . ext . bailey dwelling - dusk - year 2321 Zachry herd the goat towards the slumping building that be he family 's home . there be quite a crowd gather outside . people be look at he and whisper . zachry ( v.0 . ) sincewise , thought worm ' round my head and I wonder if I have go to the great barter , could I ’ave cold water the ‘hole plan , could I have stop all the diresome thing that be about to happen ? int . bailey dwelling - night - year 2321 Zachry walk in and be immediately shocked by what he see : a prescient woman , meronym , sit at the table with he sister rose and niece catkin . catkin uncle Zach ! uncle Zach ! lookey what meronym give I ! she rush over to display she glitter new necklace . catkin ( cont ’d ) and mar got some spesh new ironware pot and I know meronym 's get a pressie for you too ! Zachry look suspiciously at the stranger . zachry what 's goin 's on here , sis ? rose we hostin’ a spesh guest , first ever prescient t’live wit 'a valleysman . meronym I have like to intro we man a the house , my older bro , Zachry . 34 . meronym glide gracefully from she seat to Zachry . her skin , much smoother than any valleysman , be the color of rich , dark chocolate . her blue eye catch he stare like steel against flint . she reach she hand out but he ignore it . meronym I be thankin’ ya kindly for hostin’ my stay in the Valley . zachry I be not saysooe this , Rose . rose abbess say it 's a great honor . zachry why do not she host she then ? rose ' hole Valley know we get room since sloosha 's . the use of sloosha 's be like a quick snap of he achille tendon . meronym I bring you a gift , Zachry -- zachry do not need no gift from a stranger . he push past she and go to he room . meronym I do not wa n’ta ' cause no strife . rose he will be right . he 's like a goat , stubborn , hatin’ anything diff’rent . i’11 bake he a spice cake and he ’1ll be right . int . bailey dwellin 's - night - year 2321 it seem like the entire tribe of valleymen have cramme themselves into the Bailey 's home , all come to see the prescient woman now live there . they ogle she strange clothes , beautiful skin and '' smart gear . '' 35 . Zachry sit alone in a corner eat a big slice of spice cake . zachry ( v.0 . ) now kin' n ' bros ' n ' lastlife fam 'ly and ' half - stranger , yay , ev'ryun from mauka to mormon come knockin ' to see if Old ma yibber speak it true , that a real ' n ' livin ' prescient be stayin ' at Bailey 's . a ' they gape in wonderment like sonmi herself be sittin ' in we kitchen . a little boy touch she skin as if try to rub off the darkness . meronym smile . zachry ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) question ' bout prescience an' they whoahsome ship come pourin ' thick and ' fast . why prescient would all get dark skin like cokeynut . why be not prescience Isle on any map ? how old do prescient live ? a tribesman with particularly gravity defy hair raise he hand . tribesman how old be you ? meronym forty . everyone react with whisper , impressed , but also in disbelief . zachry ( v.o. ) livin ' to forty be not wondersome , nay , livin ' to forty an’lookin like she look be eery a ' be not nat 'ral . but the true wyrd thing be , meronym seem to answer the question , but she answer do not quench you curio none . another tribesman what make you ship move ? meronym Fusion engine . the room murmur , nodd . '' oh -fusion engine it be . aye , aye . '' 36 . zachry ( v.0o . ) no un ask what " fusion engine " be ' cos they di not want to look barb 'ric or stoopit in front o' the gath 'rin' . all - o- that answerin’ do be teach ev'ryun to step slywise a ' not trust she , nay , not a flea . chew he cake like a goat , Zachry watch she out of the corner of he eye . old georgie she a sly ’un . the camera dolly revealing Old georgie , he thin lip whisper into Zachry 's ear . old georgie ( cont ’d ) schemin 's and wormin’ herself in . watch she , watch she close . she 's get seeecret . int . bailey dwellin 's zachry 's room - night - year 2321 it be late . Zachry be still awake in he bed , insect dron like a alarm . he concentrate as he hear something from the next room . after a beat he get up . int . bailey dwellin 's meronym 's room - night - year 2321 through the crack curtain doorway of meronym 's room seep a faint watery glow . Zachry creep up to it he eye narrowing as he hear voice . Inside he see meronym sit on the floor , she back to he quietly talk into a eerie blue glow . Zachry hear a man 's voice respond to she but can not quite hear what they be say . she finish . something click and the light go out as meronym rise . when she turn we see that Zachry be go . ext . tobacco field - day - year 1846 ewing and Goose be give a tour of the plantation by D ’arnoqg . 37 . D ’arnoq reverend horrox real specific on how he want the plantation run . the georgian Way , best way , he say . the sun bathes the scene with migraine- induce white light . D ’arnoq ( cont ’d ) the crop be mix of nicotania tabacum and perique . some criolla we grow on the side of hill over there which can be treat for pipe or cigar . they walk through the field where the worker be cut the leave . ewing be soak with sweat , he sallow skin hang like a dirty washcloth around he eye . ewing the heat ... it 's unbearable . he mop he forehead , look at the toil laborer . d' arnog watch he , unable to say what he would like to say . ewing ( cont ’d ) how do they take it ? D ’arnoq reverend horrox say they like the camel , breed for the desert . he say they do not feel heat like civilized folk . Goose smile , while examine ewing . goose it appear the good reverend understand physiology as well as he do theosophy . ( to ewing ) we should get you out of the sun . ewing slowly realize that the '' hum '' in he ear be steadily grow louder . ewing do you hear that noise ? D ’arnoq it 's come from the camp . 38 . ext . plantation camp - day - year 1846 the camp be surround by a stake fence . a hairless older native raise she head as D ’arnog lead ewing and Goose past . the entire camp be gather around a whipping post . most be sit on the dirt , rock slightly as they voice vibrate at the bottom of they throat . there be two distinct class of race , one lighter than the other . a chieftain occupy a throne wear a feathered cloak . tattooe gentry , womenfolk and child remain transfix by the violence . the whip master be a goliath , cover in lizard tattoo . with each excoriate lash , the victim shudder ; he back a vellum of bloody rune . ewing almost swoon as the next blow fall and in that moment , the victim raise he head -- and look straight at ewing and , as if in recognition -- the man reach one of he bloody hand out , almost point towards ewing . ewing be unable to turn away and as the lash fall lacerate flesh , blood and bit of flesh mist the air around the head and shoulder -- ewing feel a nausea sweep through he body as -- he faint . int . the musket - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 ewing wake as Goose apply a cold rag to he forehead . goose ahhhh , there you be . welcome back . consciousness bob in the pool of he watery eye . ewing ++. what happen ? he look at ewing 's dilate pupil . 39 . goose it be as I suspect : gusano Coco cervello better know as the polynesian Worm . I once see a man 's brain after the Worm have finish with he -- like maggoty cauliflower , but fear not , this particular devil and I be well acquainted . the doctor listen to he heart with a odd stethoscope , notice as he do a comet - shape birthmark just above ewing 's heart . ewing it be the strangest experience of my life , Henry . I tell you , I could feel the lash , feel it as real as you hand . I feel it land and ... Goose begin to mix a compound from he apothecary . goose a sensorial hallucination probably bring on by heatstroke and the worm 's reaction to the vermicide . as the parasite die , its poison sacs will often split and secrete . this kind of experience be not uncommon . ewing you be the doctor , you be probably right ... goose I know I be . now then , urussium alkali and orinoco manganese to pacify we friend and finally , a little laphrydictic myrrh to disintegrate it . he fill a ivory spoon and hand it to ewing . goose ( cont ’d ) here we go -- ewing inhale the medicine up into he nostril . ewing I do not know what I would have do have we path not cross . 40 . goose well for starter , you would have die . his laugh be like the first shovel of dirt on a metal coffin . goose ( cont ’d ) I suggest we leave the good reverend to marvel at the miracle of Providence and the inexplicable way that two people can be bring together at just the right moment . as a man of Science I prefer to suckle at the largess of serendipity with a tip of the hat and a '' do not mind if I do . '' ewing tear with gratitude . ewing you be as precious to I , my friend , as any diamond . goose you should feel better , very quickly , Adam . a good night 's sleep and you should be ready for the boat . ext . bruge - day - year 1931 the boat arrive at the port of bruge . frobisher disembark , the young seaman point , give he direction . ext . chateau zedelghem - day - year 1931 frobisher strobe past the row of italian poplar , coat flap , gravel fly as he coast up to the stately mansion on a bicycle . a muscle- bound valet work on a cowley flat nose , wipe he hand as he move to stop frobisher . frobisher hop off he bike , lean it against the wall and stride forward without any intention of be stop . frobisher I have business with you master . 4l. on the porch , sit in a wheelchair beneath foamy wisteria listen to the radio , be vyvyan ayr , mid-70 , though he illness have ravage he , there remain a vitality behind the sharpness of he eye . frobisher stop on the cinder path and kneel like percival to King Arthur . ayr who in the hell be you ? frobisher it 's a great honor --- ayr I say who in the hell be you ? frobisher Robert frobisher , sir , from saffron walden . I be - I be - a student of Sir trevor mackerras at caius College , and I have come all the way from London to - ayr all the way from London on a bicycle ? frobisher I borrow the bicycle in bruge . ayr do you ? must have take hour . frobisher a labor of love sir . like pilgrim climb hill on they knee . ayr what balderdash be this ? frobisher I wish to prove I be a serious applicant . ayr applicant for what ? frobisher for the post of you amanuesis . ayr be you mad ? 42 . frobisher that 's always a trickier question than it seem - but I doubt it . ayr look here , I have not advertise for a amanuesis ! frobisher I know , sir , but you need one , even if you do not know it yet . the Times piece say that you be unable to compose new work because of you illness . I can not allow you music to be lose . it 's far , far too precious . so I be here to offer you my service . ayr wheel for a closer look at he . ayr one of mackerras 's shoot star be you ? frobisher frankly sir , he loathe I . ayr he do , do he ? why might that be ? frobisher I call he Sixth concerto for flute ( pause , then : ) a slave to prepubescent Saint - saen at he most florid in the college magazine . ayr wheeze as if he rib be be saw . frobisher ( cont 'd ) he take it personally . ayr oh , I 'il bet he take it personally . in the gleam that sparkles in the corner of ayr 's weathered eye , there be a moment of recognition . frobisher give I a chance sir . I promise you will not be disappointed . 43 . int . ayar 's chateau - music salon - day - year 1931 frobisher sit down at the piano ; sit on the top of the piano be a ceramic statue of St. George and the Dragon . he have to move it to open the keyboard . ayr St. George and the Dragon . remind I that compose be a crusade . sometimes you slay the dragon . sometimes the dragon slay you . ayr slowly move towards he divan , ease himself into repose . ayr ( cont 'd ) all right then ... frobisher ? frobisher , be it ? frobisher yes sir . ayr I have have this little melody for viola rattling about my head for month . let 's see if you can get it down . ayr sit down , close he eye ; he hand gently begin to waver . frobisher ready he pen and blank music sheet . ayr ( cont ’d ) tar , tar ... tattytattytatty - tar . Soft , simple at first : tatty tatty tar . get it ? frobisher have no idea what he 's talk about . ayr ( cont ’d ) now it get interesting . tar! tatty-tar ! quiet , hold , then -- tar - tartar - tar-tar-ttttt -tar ! tartartar ! frobisher 's pen remain freeze . ayr ( cont ’d ) good . play that back . 44 , frobisher uh , would love to , sir . what key be we in ? ayr what key ? b-flat of course ! frobisher and the time signature ? ayr for Christ 's sake , do you hear it or not ? frobisher I just need a little more -- ayr you need ? my dear boy , who be work for whom here ? frobisher I apologize sir -- ayr be you a amanuensis or a apologist ? now pay attention . four - eight , change to eight - eight after the twelfth bar . if you can count that high . frobisher stuff he response back down he throat and make the notation . ayr ( cont ’d ) semiquaver , b-g ; semibrave a-flat - hold for four beat , no six crotchet ... tar , tar , tattytattytatty , tar ... F sharp , hold , then b! okay , let I hear it . frobisher wipe he sweat hand on he thigh . tentatively , he begin to play . the music sound sweet at first , ayr 's close he eye but certain note seem awkward , like tooth - break , un - pop kernel in a mouthful of popcorn . ayr 's stop. please . you be hurt I . you must have misheard I , I say I have a melody not a malady . 45 . across the room , ayr 's wife , jocasta van outryve do crommelynck ( 40s ) enter . jocasta vyvyan ... ayr jocasta ! deliver I . ayr reach for he wife and begin to climb up from he divan . jocasta what 's go on here ? who be this ? ayr this be a exercise in futility . jocasta I see . should I be introduce ? ayr there 's really no point . the boy be as useful as the clap . fortunately he 'il be much easier to get rid of . lean on he wife 's arm , he head for the door . ayr ( cont ’d ) I be feel rather tired . I think I shall retire early . would you be a dear and have hendrick see the boy out ? jocasta of course . frobisher feel he opportunity slip away . he stare at the scribble notation ; he finger barely touch the key , hover . he close he eye and leap . the music whisper across the room as gentle and intimate as a lover letter . jocasta stop to listen . both be spell bound as he play . jocasta ( cont 'd ) what be that ? it be not exactly what ayr hear in he head -- 46 . jocasta ( cont ’d ) it 's beautiful . but it 's close enough . ayr that 's it ... yes , that 's it ! my melody ! a smile light the corner of frobisher 's nod . jocasta who be you ? ayr his name be Robert frobisher . he be my new amanuensis . int . elevator - night - year 1973 it have be a while . the air be stale and thin , they skin waxy with sweat . yet , they be sit closer and smile . old man you actually interview hitchcock ? luisa rey I guess you could say that . I hada tape recorder and ask he question but he do not really answer they . he speak in bon mot , not to you , but to the ear of posterity . he tell I he best work be roller coaster . I pursue that idea . I tell he I think what be essential to he and most of Hollywood 's success be the partition or containment of the terror ; so long as the bate Motel be seal off from we world , we want to peer in , but a film that show we that we world be the bate Motel , well , that 's the stuff of buchenwald , too dark , too depress . we will dip we toe into a predatory , amoral , godless universe , but only we toe . old man what bon mot do he offer to that ? 47 . luisa rey ( imitate hitchcock ) my dear young lady , I be a director in Hollywood . if it 's painful truth you require , go see a dentist . the old man 's laugh brighten they cell . old man I see psycho recently again , with my niece . we love it . he reach into he pocket and pull out he wallet . he show she a picture of a young woman in a lab coat . old man ( cont ’d ) that 's she . megan . luisa rey she 's lovely . old man bear physicist with a better mind for mathematics than I ever have . do she ph.d at Cambridge . a woman at caius ! give you hope for the world . luisa rey any child of you own ? old man no , no ... be marry to science all my life I suppose . what about you ? luisa rey I neither . never meet the right person , I suppose . he put he wallet away and mop the sweat from he forehead with a handkerchief . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) God , it 's hot ... she pull she shirt up , expose she stomach . on the side of she rib be a comet-shape birthmark . the old man notice it and a tingle shoot up he spine . old man that 's a very ... peculiar birthmark . 48. luisa rey yeah , my mom be sure it be go to be cancerous and keep try to get I to remove it , but ... I kinda like it . old man I know someone who have a birthmark that be ... similar to that . luisa rey really ? that 's pretty twilight Zone-y ? the old man nod . old man indeed . luisa rey who be it ? old man someone I care about ... very much . he look at she intensely for a moment as if try to see something microscopic or beneath the surface . old man ( cont 'd ) a hypothetical question , Ms. rey : as a journalist , what would you pay to protect a source ? luisa rey if I believe in the issue ? any . old man prison ? luisa rey if it come to it , yes . old man would you be prepare to ... compromise you safety ? luisa rey my father brave booby - trap marsh and the wrath of general for the sake of he journalistic integrity . what kind of a mockery of he life would it be if he daughter bail when thing get a little tough ? 49 . the old man nod , stare at she and prepare to unburden himself of a terrible secret when -- the elevator lurch , rumble and resume its descent . int . high rise lobby - night - year 1973 the elevator open . he gesture , allow she to step outside first . some sense of they be stranger have return . luisa rey it be ... old man a pleasure be trap with you . luisa rey let 's do it again some time . she dig in she purse for a card . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) if there 's ever something I can do for you , please give I a call . old man thank you . I will . she turn to leave but something suddenly stop she . luisa rey I just realize , I do not even know you name . he reach out he hand to she . old man sixsmith . Dr. rufus sixsmith . int . cavendish 's bathroom - night - year 2009 timothy be on he porcelain throne , read a article on the rise star of the publishing business , timothy cavendish . there be suddenly a violent crash from outside . cavendish what --- he barely have time to consider the sound , when the door to the bathroom explode open . fill the frame be three large man ; dermot 's brother , eddie , mozza and jarvis . 50 . eddie Tim -o- tee cavendish , I presume . mozza caught with you cack down ! cavendish , still on the toliet , try to remain calm . cavendish my business hour be eleven to two . my secretary would be happy to schedule you a appointment . eddie Friends like we do not need appointment . jarvis we like it all cozy like this . he flick he cigarette ash on cavendish 's thigh . mozza visit dermot today . he have a question for you . eddie where 's we fockin’ money ? cavendish clear he throat . cavendish boy , boy , look here . dermot sign a copyright - transfer contract , legally the -- jarvis grab the toilet plunger and jam it against cavendish 's throat . jarvis dermot never sign no fockin’ contract for the event of the fockin’ season ! cavendish gurgle . cavendish perhaps ... er , ack , we might moot a provisional sum ... as a basis for ... on - go negotiation . Eddie tap jarvis who release cavendish . 51 . eddie okeydokey . what sum we gonna moot ? jarvis fifty k will do for good faith . cavendish fifty thousand pound ?! eddie tomorrow afternoon . cavendish this be a publishing house . do you think we just keep money lie around in shoe box ? eddie we do not give a fly fock where you get it , grandpop , just make sure you do . jarvis Cash . mozza no bollock . no check . eddie Old fashioned money . a shoe box will do fine . cavendish gentlemen , the law say --- jarvis the law ? they burst into laughter . Eddie lean in , he smile like a break bottle . eddie whad the law do for Felix fockin finch ? cavendish 's adam 's apple bob . int . cavendish publishing - day - 2009 cavendish pace try to control he panic . 52 . mrs . latham I can go through it again , Mr. cavendish but I think the total 's right : 2,343 pound and 16 pence . that 's all that 's leave . cavendish how be that possible ?! money be pour in . mrs . latham debt mostly , Mr. cavendish . solvency have its drawback . cavendish this can not be happen . mrs . latham Sir ? you will not let they take we chair , will you ? exasperate he head for he office . int . cavendish office - day - year 2009 the inner sanctum . cavendish stare into he wall safe , empty except a small black leather book . cavendish ( v.o. ) the situation look dire , but I know that timothy cavendish 's capital in this town could not be define by a accountant 's balance sheet . it be high time to take stock . he lift the little black book . cavendish be on the phone , work he contact . cavendish ( cont ’d ) mccluskie ! how be that delightful kiddie of yours ? mccluskie ( v.o. ) Fine , thank you . cavendish mccluskie ? I need eighty thousand pound . 53 . mccluskie ( v.o. ) right ... Mr. cavendish , I be afraid you performance - link credit stream still have a twelve- month flow horizon before resize could be feasibly option . cavendish ok , how about sixty thousand ? later : cavendish 's finger delicately fondle the veneer of he desk . kirpal singh ( v.o. ) Charles dicken 's desk you say ? cavendish yes , you hear right . Charles dicken 's own , original , authentic write desk for auction at sotheby 's with a reserve price of sixty thousand . I think that 's quite fair . kirpal singh ( v.o. ) I be sorry sir , but we record indicate that the desk be already account for by the dicken House museum . cavendish ok , how about Sir Arthur conan doyle 's desk ? later : another call , he phone book open to the last page in front of he . cavendish ( cont ’d ) ah mon cher , tis '' cavendish the ravenous , '' you favourite timothy -- the line click dead . cavendish ( cont 'd ) mon cher ? he toss the book in the waste paper basket . his finger claw through he thinning hair . the office seem unbearably hot and he struggle to crack open the heavily paint sash . 54 . as he gulp at the air , he notice a old frame picture ; two young boy , dimple smile from another age , he older brother 's arm around he neck . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in the darkness , I suddenly see the light . blood have always trump water . if the hogginse brute want to turn this into a family affair , they have find the cavendish clan more than ready for the task at hand . ext . denholme cavendish 's patio - day denholme cavendish glare across he swim pool as he brother step down he patio . denholme oh , Satan 's gonad , not again . look , just bugger off and leave we in peace . I will only ask you nicely once . denholme be trawling for leave with a big net on a pole . cavendish it 's good to see you denny . denholme scoops a fistful of soggy leave from the net . denholme I be not lend you a ruddy farthing until you pay back the last lot . why must I forever be give you handout ? no . do not answer . cavendish denny , I have have a minor run - in with the wrong sort . if I can not get my hand on sixty thousand pound , I be go to take a awful beat . denholme get they to video it for we . now fuck off . cavendish I be not joke , denholme . 55 . denholme nor be I ! so , you be shoddy at be duplicitous . what of it ? why be this my problem ? cavendish we be brother ! do not you have a conscience ? denholme couple of xanax and a pimm 's cup should set I right . cavendish cross to he brother , hand search for some kind of lifeline . cavendish help , denny . please . denholme ready another volley of expletive when he wife georgette call from the slide door . georgette de ? who on earth be you talk to ? oh -- the three of they look at each other . a awkward silence fall like a squall . cavendish hello georgette . georgette uh , hello Tim . denholme stew when suddenly a light go on in he head . he smile and whisper to he brother . denholme alright , Tim . sixty thousand ... that 's go to take I some time . but in the interim , I know the perfect place for you to hide . int . papa song 's galley - night - year 2144 sonmi 's pod crack open . she blink , disorient . the light be still off . yoona-939 lean in and '' shhhhhs '' she with a finger to she lip . she gesture for she to follow . confused , sonmi climb out of she pod and pass by all she sleep sister . 56 . int . papa song 's - night - year 2144 the dinery be shut down , still and cold . the only small light be come from the office . yoona lead she towards it . seer Rhee be slump over he desk , drool glue he chin to he sony . yoona-939 he drink soap . pureblood should not do that . sonmi -451 what happen to he when he do ? yoona-939 he giggle madly for a hour , then pass out . sonmi-451 what if he wake ? this be wrong , yoona . we should not be here . yoona lift he by the hair . yoona-939 he never wake up . not without stimulin . like we in we pod . he 's live with fabricant so long , he 's nearly one of we . she drop he with a thunk . yoona-939 ( cont 'd ) come . sonmi-451 what be you do ? yoona-939 you want to know what a secret be . I be go to show you . she lead she to the back of the dinery , to a small blank wall . yoona-939 ( cont ’d ) what do you see ? sonmi -451 nothing . yoona pull out the key she be play with previously and insert it into a small hole . a door slide open silently . 57 . yoona smile and gesture into the darkness . nervously , sonmi step inside . int . papa song 's - store room - year 2144 yoona follow she in and the door slide shut . yoona -939 now , sister sonmi , you be inside a secret . a white blade slice open the dark , revealing the content of the store room : shelf with silicon plant , shrink wrap dispenser packet , forget coat and umbrella . she aim the light at a section of the closet label '' lose and found . '' Inside a plastic box , yoona remove a older model sony , a handy device to play recording of all kind . sonmi-451 a sony ? we be not allow -- yoona -939 hush , sister . no one will ever know . she sit and beckon sonmi as Eve tempt with fruit . sonmi sit bedside she . yoona hit a button and a semi-3d image appear . it isa scene from a film . a older actor who bear a small resemblance to timothy cavendish rise proudly and announce -- cavendish look -a-like this be a violation of the ruddy incarceration Act ! I will not be subjugate to criminal abuse ! he storm out of the white , hospital - like room , throw open the door and as he exit -- the image bloom as if suddenly over - expose , then freeze for a moment before repeat . the two fabricant stare at the secret image and as it play again , yoona mouth the word with the actor . archivist ( v.o. ) why do not you report yoona-939 to seer Rhee the next day ? 58 . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the orison spin be the only sound as sonmi consider she answer . sonmi -451 I could not . archivist why ? sonmi - 451 because she trust I . archivist but you action violate the fifth catechism . sonmi - 451 yes . that 's true . archivist how do you justify this transgression ? sonmi-451 she be my friend . her answer surprise he . archivist I do not realize fabricant have friend . sonmi-451 there be much that pureblood do not realize about fabricant . be not that the reason I be here ? he squirm a bit and then continue . archivist please describe the event of March 23rd from you perspective . sonmi -451 I be wiping table along the vidy - bay . I have a clear view of the elevator bank . 59 . int . papa song 's - day - year 2144 sonmi be clean she table . across the dinery , yoona be serve a scream party of child . sonmi watch as yoona stop smile . her mouth begin mouth the word from the video ; '' I will not be subjugate to criminal abuse . '' suddenly she lift one of the child and run out of the dinery . pandemonium , scream , crowd flee from she path , enforcer radio for help ; all see through the surreal silence behind the window , the sound block by the plexi . yoona use the child 's hand to call the elevator . they get in and the door close . emotion flood into she , as sonmi try to hold onto she fade smile . from a distance , we can hear the muffle sound of gunfire . the parent of the child continue scream until the elevator return . a enforcer hand the child to the parent . yoona 's bloody body lay on the floor . sonmi continue wiping even though she cannot look away , a unbearable sadness , like a secret behind she eye . sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) it be my first experience of death . int . ayr 's room - night - year 1931 we drift towards ayr 's body ; we cannot tell whether he be alive or dead . frobisher stand beside the bed , stare with a confuse expression at the object in he hand -- a luger pistol . ext . plantation camp - day - year 1846 Close on the bound hand of the young man be whipped . 60 . he look up and reach towards we as -- ext . swanekke island bridge - night - year 1973 luisa rey drive she volkswagen as fast as it can go away from swannekke Island . a blue sedan that look like a unmark police car , pull up along side she . she see the man drive the car only for a instant before he swerve into she -- slam she car through the guardrail and fly out over the edge . int . bailey dwelling - zachry 's room - night - year 2321 Zachry bolt awake , scared out of he mind . ext . abbess dwelling - dawn - year 2321 Zachry pound on the door until the abbess open it . abbess Zachry Bailey ? zachry a dream , abbess . sorrysome for wakin 's you but I know somethin’ diresome 's go n’a ’ppen . abbess come in , come in . int . abbess dwelling - dawn - year 2321 the abbess sway , she eye close , hold onto Zachry 's hand . abbess tis true , Old georgie 's a’hungerin’ for you soul . Zachry whimper . abbess ( cont 'd ) he spit a cuss on you dream . 61 . zachry I know have it , ohhh , I know have it . abbess but sonmi can protect you . zachry sonmi ?! abbess she care for all she flock . but you get to mind she warnin’ . zachry what warnin’ ? the abbess channel the voice of they protector . abbess '' enemy 's sleepin’ , do not slit that throat . hand ’a’bleedin’ , mus ant let go . Bridge a’burnin’ , you path lie below . '' her body sag , weak from the effort . zachry a augurin 's ... abbess trust sonmi , Zachry . keep she warnin’ with you , nail it to you mem’ry and she will protect you . Zachry mouth the word , try to memorize they . int . papa song 's galley - night - year 2144 color gas swirl wake sonmi-451 in she pod . all the other clone stay asleep . the door be crack open , glow amber light spilling into the galley . sonmi climb out of she bed , draw to the noise from the main room . int . papa song 's - night - year 2144 her bare foot step timidly towards the office . peer through the open door , she see seer Rhee sprawle on the floor , blood and mucus drain from he nose . next to he be a overturn box of soap. 62 . a man in he thirty , dress in black , be go through the digital file . his name be chang . chang hello sonmi-451 . there be no reason to hide . sonmi nervously step out of the shadow . chang ( cont 'd ) my name be chang . sonmi -451 what have happen to seer Rhee ? chang officially -- soap overdose . nothing more pathetic than a pureblood hook on soap . he pick up the box of soap . chang ( cont 'd ) it 's unfortunate that it have to happen now with everything go so well because it 's probable that the enforcer and the DNA sniffer will find out about you , about you midnight stroll , you connection to yoona-939 and possibly even the un-sanction thought that have be go on in you head . if they do , you will be decommission . sonmi experience she first real taste of fear . chang ( cont ’d ) you choice : you can remain here , suffer the consequence of you probable discovery or you can come with I . archivist ( v.o. ) why do you go with he ? int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the archivist check he sony -file . sonmi-451 fear. 63. archivist fear of what ? sonmi -451 I know that if I do not do something soon , what have happen to yoona be go to happen to I . ext . the prophetess - day - year 1846 the ship have set its sail and be leave the island behind . ewing ( v.0o . ) Friday the 15th . we make sail with the morning tide . int . the prophetess - adam ewing 's cabin - day - year 1846 pale-face and sweat , ewing be write , he journal poise awkwardly on he knee in bed while a few man deposit barrel of sundry provision and a bolt of sailcloth in he room . ewing ( v.0o . ) Mr. boerhaave have my cabin change . I have be quarantine to a storeroom away from the other passenger and crew . Henry argue in vain that the polynesian Worm be not contagious . hardly matter . all I want to do right now , be sleep . a young sailor , RAPHAEL , throw another barrel in front of ewing to the ground . RAPHAEL apology , Mr. ewing , it 's by order of Mr. boerhaave . no other space leave for late delivery , he say . ewing I know ... it 's not you fault , raphael . RAPHAEL you do not look well , sir . ewing you concern be much appreciate . 64 . int . frobisher 's bedroom - night - year 1931 frobisher soak in he bed , swathed in silk sheet and down - stuff duvet read a book and enjoy a cigarette . frobisher ( v.o. ) sixsmith . received you post yesterday . really , old boy , you concern could not be more misplace . do I not tell you I have a plan ? the book be '' the Pacific Journal of Adam ewing . '' int . ayr 's chateau - music room - day - year 1931 ayr 's recline on he divan conduct with a cigarette as frobisher try to play the piano while scribbling note . the voice and music be hear beneath the voice-over . frobisher ( v.o . ) be it not miraculous how one 's fortune can turn so quickly , so completely ? one moment , leaping from a hotel window , the next , gainfully employ by one of the world 's great live composer . ayr semiquaver , b-g , semibreve , a-flat , hold it for four beat -- no six crochet ! frobisher then , F sharp and B , yes ? ayr yes ! yes ! tar-tatty -tatty -tarrrrr . now , now frobisher , the clarinet be the concubine , the violas be yew tree in the cemetery and the clavichord be the moon ... a minor , sixteenth bar float onwards ... frobisher ( v.o. ) ayr be one of the few composer I want my own creativity inform by . musicologically he be janus-heade . watch he use counterpoint and mix color be exhilate but not nearly as much as when he stop to ask my opinion . ( more ) 65 . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) more than a few of my suggestion have be incorporate . quite sober . Mark my word , sixsmith , people in the future will be study this music . frobisher 's quill fly as the music be create between they . int . frobisher 's bedroom - night - year 1931 frobisher be out of bed , frustrated , digging through the bookshelve . frobisher ( v.o. ) must try to get some sleep . you know how music stimulate I . try to be a good boy . rutting my way through the bedroom bookshelve . you fevere cockswain . on the bed be the open book which we see have be tear in half . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) p.s. get hook into a journal write by a die lawyer on a voyage from a Pacific Isle to San Francisco around the time of the gold rush . the author , Adam ewing put I in mind of melville 's bumbler Captain delano , blind to all conspirator - he have a friend , a trusty Dr. Goose who he have not spot be obviously a vampire , fueling he hypochondria in order to poison he for he money . the second half of the book be nowhere to be find . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) to my great annoyance , the page cease , mid-sentence . half the book be miss . searched high and low . no luck . it 's completely kill I . could you be a mensch and when you be next forage at the ottos 's Book 's , make a inquiry ? 66 . int . talbot motel - night - year 1973 Dr. rufus sixsmith sit on the bedside of he hotel room next to a stack of old envelope . he have randomly choose one of the letter he love write he over 40 year ago . frobisher ( v.o. ) a half - finish book be , after all , a half - finish love affair . Close on the television where a news conference be be broadcast of swannekke Island . alberto grimaldi , ceo of the nuclear power base company Seaboard , address a audience . grimaldi ( on tv ) we great nation suffer from a debilite addiction and its name be oil . sixsmith look up to the tv . grimaldi ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) in confront this problem , some bury they head in the sand , some fantasize about wind turbine and ( smile wryly ) pig gas . ( audience chuckle ) but I be here today to tell you that the cure for oil be right here , right now , on swannekke Island . on the bed , next to the letter , be a thick bound report entitle : '' the hydra - Zero reactor -- a operational Assessment model -- Project head Dr. rufus sixsmith -- unauthorize possession be a Federal crime under the military and industrial espionage Act . '' sixsmith shake he head . sixsmith and when the hydrogen buildup blow the roof off the containment center ? when prevaile wind shower radiation all across California ? as if in response , the telephone ring . sixsmith ( cont ’d ) megan ? a brusque male voice answer . 67 . deep voice ( 0.s. ) they be come . sixsmith who be this ? deep voice ( 0.s. ) they trace you last call to this hotel . get out of there now . they be go to kill you . the word suck the air form he lung . deep voice ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you have get twenty minute , max . dial tone , a dron eternity . int . airport - night - year 1973 sixsmith be at the counter . sixsmith it 's terribly important that I leave tonight . airline rep I be sure it be , sir but we get a air-traffic-control strike and acre of strand passenger . tomorrow be the best I can do . sixsmith all right ... I understand . thank you . he turn away , visibly shake . he pull he handkerchief from he pocket and when he do he find --- luisa rey 's card . int . luisa 's apartment - night - year 1973 in the dark , a phone begin to ring . luisa reach for the alarm but when it do not stop , the fog of sleep lift and she grab the phone . luisa rey hello ? she haul 68 . sixsmith ( v.o. ) hello Ms. rey . I be frightfully sorry for call at this hour . I start write a letter but the only address I have be you magazine and I be worried it might not reach you . luisa rey Dr. sixsmith ? sixsmith ( v.o. ) I know it seem absurd that we just meet - in a elevator , for God 's sake , but I have this feel that I have know you much longer . luisa rey where be you ? sixsmith ( v.o. ) the Airport Sheraton . herself out of bed . luisa rey I be on my way . int . train car - day - year 2009 / year 1957 midland landscape rush past the window . cavendish finally relax aboard a train . cavendish ( v.o. ) I know I could count on dennie . a safe place to lay low be exactly what I need . soon after the initial exhilaration of a journey begin , I feel my guard begin to drop . he be read a manuscript for a novel , entitle : '' half - live , a luisa rey mystery '' by javier gomez . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be while read a new submission , a surprisingly clever little young - hack - take - on - corporate - corruption ditty , when a powerful deja vu run through my bone . 69 . he stare out the window . the landscape evoke forget feeling inside cavendish . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have be here before ; a train just like this one glide past the same smear of landscape . suddenly I be no longer cavendish the elder , squanderer of life but ... cavendish see another reflection in the window : the camera move revealing a 19 - year -old cavendish , insecure , red cheek , nervously wait for the train to reach the upcoming station . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) «+. a young virile , bohemian , on a train to Little chesterford , a single think , like a scratch record , turn over and over in he mind ; '' Ursula . '' the sign for '' Little chesterford Station '' crawl past he window ; the sound of the brake train , like a siren call . Young cavendish get up , jump out of the train . from inside the train , Old cavendish see he former self hurry through the station towards the exit . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you would think a place the size of England could easily hold all the happening in one humble lifetime without much overlap , I mean , it 's not ruddy luxembourg we live in , but no , we cross , criss -cross and recross we old track like figure skater . ext . train station - day - year 2009 the train pull away revealing cavendish look like someone catch between lose and find . ext . in front of train station - day - year 2009 / 1957 cavendish step outside the train station , see Young cavendish shyly enter a old citroen . Inside , young URSULA greet he with a smile . 70 . cavendish ( v.o. ) the love of my life ? I could think of no other serious applicant . what have happen to she ? and more importantly , what have happen to the young man who have ride this same train compose sonnet to he '' goddess Divine . '' int . papa song 's elevator - day - year 2144 sonmi and chang be ascend , the elevator bear they towards the city 's surface . sonmi be very quiet . in she hand be the break sony . she carry it like a child clutching a precious , stuff animal . archivist ( v.o. ) what be you feel at that particular moment ? just as the elevator door open ? sonmi-451 it be ... exhilate . ext . seoul - night - year 2144 the door open and sonmi follow chang out into the conurb . it be a sprawling urban canopy ; adv screen hover and cover almost every inch of open space . Transit tube network gnarled strato-scraper . sunpole beam light , umbrella radiating logo through the mist , pureblood hunch over they portable . it be a impossible amount of information and sonmi look about to get sick . chang take she by the arm and steady she into the elite-tube . int . elite tube - night - year 2144 a private transport tube . chang press he '' soul '' thumb to the control and key in the destination code . sonmi sit as the car hum , quickly pick up speed , banking through the river of electric light . 71 . they dive down and travel for a moment underwater before shoot up and weaving through older building , a part of the lower root structure to the tower spire rise above they . after a moment , they seem to clear a edge of the city and in the distance sonmi see a actual mountain ; the sun rinsing just behind it . chang be you all right ? she nod . sonmi -451 my first sunrise . it be the first time we see she smile in a way that do not seem like a mask . she look at the sony in she hand . chang can I ask where you get that ? sonmi -451 yoona share it with I . I could not leave it behind . chang you be not suppose to have a sony . sonmi -451 I be not suppose to leave papa - song and yet here I be . he smile , already like she . chang can I have a look ? she hesitates and then hand it to he . he start it and watch the loop of the cavendish story . chang ( cont ’d ) it 's a old disney . but where 's the rest of it ? sonmi-451 the rest of it ? he examine the device . 72 . chang this thing use to play vidy . they be storey . but its chip be corrupt . if you want I could digi it and get you a complete copy ? that way at least we have know if it be a happy or a sad end . if you want . tentatively , she nod she head . ext . picturesque suburb - day - year 2009 / 1957 cavendish wander the tree line village . cavendish ( v.o. ) drunk on nostalgia I find myself ignore the warning of Madame bovary and plunging into some kind of romantic trance . he pass a building and peek through the large glass window . Inside : a 50 's cafeteria where Young cavendish and Ursula be have breakfast . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be the cafe where we drank milky tea in dirty mug , eat toast , watery egg and can tomato but be honest , cavendish , be any other breakfast in you life so delectable ? back to present : the cafe be now a fitness club . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the world curdle from its room temperature taste . cavendish continue he walk through the past . ext . dockery house - evening - year 2009 a beautiful mansion nestle in a grove of ancient oak tree . cavendish ( v.o. ) before I realize it , my foot have bear I back , back to dockery House , to the Temple of sacrifice , where I offer up my virginity . ( more ) 73 . cavendish ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) back to that four day of paradise when Ursula 's mater and pater slip off to Greece for a long weekend . int . dockery house - flashback - evening - year 1957 teenage cavendish , he chin dapple more with fuzz than whisker , wear only he sock and a duvet , return to the bedroom have raid daddy 's liquor cabinet . on he calf , just below the back of he knee , we notice a comet - shape birthmark . his nubile love lay on the bed re-read the sonnet he write . he climb back into bed , they body draw to each other 's warmth as she suckle the whiskey from he lip . cavendish ( v.o . ) or so we think . mater stand freeze in horror as cavendish mount she daughter . pater arrive as the two young body begin to undulate . ursula pater URSULA ! calamity . cavendish leap away from she as if she be poison oak . bare -ass , he slip in he sock , stumble over a table , fall -- see a cat , grab it to hide he family jewel as he implore the parent . young cavendish sir! Madame ! I assure you this be completely innocent -- the cat scratch at he tender , dangly bit and timothy scream , throw the cat in the air as he slip backward and -- crashes out the large picture window . cavendish ( v.o. ) two sprain ankle . one crack rib . official cause of accident list on the hospital form : Young timothy lie sprawle in the garden bush . 74 . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) pussy . ext./ int . dockery house - evening - year 2009 the older cavendish creep up to the house , towards that window , and peer inside the room light electric marigold . cavendish ( v.o. ) why have I never return she call or letter ? shame . ignominious retreat . spinelessness . hallmark of the cavendish clan . he watch as a mother repair a break broomstick for she child dress as a witch . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I know I have no business go back there . I know the chance that she still live in that house be practically zilch and yet -- suddenly a older woman dress as a devil , enter the domestic frieze and cavendish 's eye lite up . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there she be . Ursula . my first real regret , like a first cigarette , that begin a lifelong addiction . Ursula say something to she daughter and grandchild , and they giggle . cavendish can not help but giggle too , even though he do not hear a thing . his eye go teary . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) why be I stand out here in the cold , cower in the shadow ? why be I not in that room light electric marigold ? I realize I have the choice : I could slink off and return to the station and continue as plan or I could go boldly to the door , knock without fear of potential consequence and discover what hope , if any , lay within . int . elite tube - night - year 2144 she regards she break sony . he shrug . he smile . 75 . sonmi -451 be ending always '' happy or sad ? '' chang usually . most people like ‘em simple . sonmi - 451 but not you ? chang I like all of it : happy , sad and everything in between with a creamy scoop of sex serve a la mode . she clutches she sony and edge away from he . the tube bank , shifting into a different line which be now head str ext . bluff meronym a tooth of a cloud . Truman rub : aight at a mountain . chang ( cont 'd ) there it be . sonmi -451 what ? chang University . you new home . - day - year 2321 d Truman nape stare out at mauna kea , a jag mountain sink into the underbelly of low lie 's he beard then gesture with he pipe . truman wo not get I up that diresome spire . my gran' pa 's pa name Truman third go scavvin 's for Old - un gear up there . he look at meronym . truman ( cont ’d ) whoa they find a wondersome ironstone temple , yay , but they also find Old georgie a’waitin’ . 76 . meronym what happen ? int . core build - night in a ancient ruin , Old georgie glower over a man who scream in terror . old georgie the weak be meat and the strong do eat . Old georgie brandish a spoon and scoops out the man 's eye and pop it in he mouth . the devil cackle . ext . bluff - day Zachry be hide in some brush , spying on meronym and Truman nape while Old georgie whisper in he ear . old georgie that prescient 's get a curio to kill a cart - full oxcat and then some . Zachry watch meronym and Truman nape , gesture with he pipe , talk about what happen atop mauna kea . Zachry 's eye narrow as he crawl away . int . abbess dwelling - day - 2321 abbess be tend the icon . jzachry try to remain in a proper reverential position but he be too wound up . zachry she 's plannin’ on trekin’ up mauna kea even though it 's forbidden . abbess now I be warnin’ you Zachry Bailey , makin 's ' cusation ' gainst a spesh guest jus 's be not politsome . zachry she up xoa somthin’ abbess . she be schemin’ an’ secretin’ at night . I see it ! 77 . abbess ' nough 's enough . you bring I ev’dence meronym 's plannin’ to kill we in we sleep , I will calla gatherin' . if you be not get no ev’dence , you best hold that tongue . suddenly , there be a urgent knock on the door . abbess ( cont ’d ) sake ‘live , what now ? she open the door to a young girl . young girl abbess , you gotta come quick ! it 's the Bailey girl ! Zachry hear he niece 's name and rush to the door . zachry catkin ? young girl aye . she 's dyin . int . adam ewing 's cabin - prophetess - night lying on he tiny bed , he body shake from the pain , and ewing awake from a bad dream . ewing ( v.o. ) my parasite writhes at night , like a new babe 's finger ignite spasm of pain while vision and voice , obscene and monstrous , haunt I . on he knee , Adam ewing pray into he clasped hand by candlelight , he shoulder hunch as if press down by some unseen force . the flame strobe against a ubiquitous draft cause shadow to leap around the cramped cabin . he be pale , a sheen of sweat cover he waxy face . finish , he cross himself and blow out the candle . he 's asleep again . in blackness , we hear a voice . voice Mr. ewing ? Mr. ewing ? startle , ewing awake , hit he head on the bulkhead . 78 . he peer into the dark , a shaft of moonlight wash through the porthole . slowly a serpentine length of hawser uncoil , and he see a black form rise like a djin . ewing in the name of god--- man Mr. ewing , do not fear - Mr. ewing - no harm , no shout , please , sir . he leap to ewing 's bedside , a powerful hand sealing he mouth . ewing help ! help mmph -- man Mr. ewing , no harm , you safe , I friend of Mr. d'arnog - you know he Christian - please , quiet ! ewing nod , though he be obviously still afraid . slowly the man release ewing 's mouth . autua my name be autua . you know I , you see I , aye - you pity I . ewing what do you want with I ? autua Maori whip I - you see . the image of the Moriori be flogge by the " lizard King " suddenly flash in ewing 's head and he nod . autua ( cont ’d ) you good man- Mr. d' arnog tell you good man - he hide I in you cabin yesterday night - I escape - you help , Mr. ewing . ewing bristle at the think of D ’arnog . autua ( cont ’d ) if you no help - I in trouble dead . 79 . ewing you be already very much " in trouble dead . " the prophetess be a mercantile vessel , not a '' underground railroad " for escape slave . autua straighten in pride . autua I able seaman ! I earn passage ! ewing then I suggest you surrender to the captain 's mercy forthwith . autua no ! they no listen I ! swim away home , nigger , they say and throw I in drink ! you lawman aye ? you go , you talk , I stay , I hide ! please . cap and hear you , Mr. ewing . please . ewing shake he head . ewing no . I can not help you . whatever d' arnog tell you about I , I assure you , he be quite mistaken . I be afraid you fate be you own . I desire no part in it . autua 's voice soften to a whisper . autua then kill I . his hand find ewing 's and he close they finger around the hilt of a dagger . autua ( cont ’d ) say to other I attack you , so you kill I . ewing what ? autua you no help I , you kill I , just same . it 's true , you know it . I be not be fish food , Mr. ewing . with a terrible calmness and certitude autua press its tip against he own throat . 80 . ewing you be mad . autua I not mad . die here be better . do it . do it quick . ewing swallow hard as a ringing begin to rise in he ear -- int . airport HOTEL - night - year 1973 sixsmith wake to the ringing telephone . sixsmith luisa ? God , I must have doze off . terrible dream . thank you for come . I be in 1404 . he hang up when , behind he , outside on the balcony -- a shadow drop from the floor above . he reach for the report as a man slide open the door . sixsmith turn just as the man step close and place a gun to the scientist 's temple and -- pull the trigger . blood splatter the wall , the lamp shade and a half - finish letter to luisa lie on the desk . sixsmith 's body drop backwards onto the bed , bury frobisher 's letter under he back . the assassin look around . he be a man whose most distinguishing attribute be that there 's nothing distinguishing about he . his name be bill smoke . smoke notice the report and the letter to luisa when there be a knock at the door . silently , he creep to the door as the knock continue . he look through the peep-hole and see luisa . luisa rey ( through the door ) Dr. sixsmith ? it 's luisa . Dr. sixsmith ? smoke put the barrel with its long silencer against the door , aim straight at she until -- she leave . 81 . int . HOTEL lobby - night - year 1973 luisa lead the manager to the elevator . luisa rey he be not look that well the last time I see he and I be just worried that something happen -- the elevator open , revealing Bill smoke . as smoke pass they , he look at luisa and in the look there be something that remind we of the look Old georgie give to Zachry . int . airport HOTEL room 1404 - night - year 1973 the manager open the door and luisa follow he in . manager oh my god -- luisa cover she mouth . sixsmith lay awkwardly on the bed , blood pollock - ing the wall , the gun smoke use , now in sixsmith 's hand . luisa rey go ! call the police ! hurry ! the manager rush out while luisa quickly scan the room . the report and the letter be go . the room seem completely clean , until , come up from look under the bed , she notice a tiny bit of age paper underneath sixsmith 's back . she softly push he to the side and reveal the thick pack of letter . frobisher ( v.o. ) my dear sixsmith , how I wish you be here with I now . int . ayr 's chateau , scarlet room - day - year 1931 tadeusz augustowski , the Polish conductor and colleague of ayr be read '' Der todtenvogel , '' ayr and frobisher 's latest collaboration . 82. frobisher ( v.o. ) today ayr and I present we first collaboration , a short tone poem call " Der todtenvogel " , to tadeusz augustowski , ayr 's favourite conductor . it 's a intrigue animal . it borrow resonance from wagner 's Ring , then disintegrate the theme into a stravinskyesque nightmare police by sibelian wraith . horrible , delectable , wish you could hear it . augustowski sway gently to the music in he head , hand lightly bob in the air as if float on a invisible current . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's the most accomplish tone poem I know of write since the war and I tell you , sixsmith , that more than a few of its best idea be mine . suppose a amanuensis must reconcile himself to renounce he share in authorship , though vyvyan recently refer to we work as a '' partnership . '' frobisher and ayr subtly watch in expectation . augustowski 's monocle fall from he eye socket . he turn to ayr . augustowski a man at we time of life , ayr - - have no right to such dare idea . where be you get ‘em from ? ayr puff himself up . ayr I suppose I have win a rearguard action or two in my war against decrepitude . my boy Robert here be prove a valuable aide- de-camp . frobisher smile , lift a tea pot . frobisher more tea ? int . luisa 's apartment - night - year 1973 luisa be smoking a joint , read frobisher 's letter . her apartment be cramped , cluttere but comfortable . 83 . on one of the brick and board bookshelve we see a picture of she father , lester rey . behind she , a shadow drop from the balcony above . as she read , the shadow creep up behind she until move around the couch -- luisa 's scream catch in she throat -- as she see javier gomez , she teenage friend . luisa rey Jesus ... javier Gomez what do I tell you about jump across balcony ? what if someone report you as a burglar ? what if you fall ? javier why do you leave you door open if you do not want I to come in ? luisa rey because , smarty - pants the only thing worse than have you jump onto my balcony , be the idea of you jump onto my balcony and then be stick out there . she notice the well across he face . luisa rey ( cont ’d ) wolfman ? javier it 's fine . do not hurt . luisa reach for the phone . luisa rey I be call you mother . she have to know what kind of ass -hole she 's dating . javier watch she dial . javier she know . they look at each other . reluctantly , she replace the receiver . 84. luisa rey you know we can not let this go on . javier ( point at the letter ) what be you read ? luisa rey do not try to ignore I . javier I know you wanna help but if you call she , she will leave work and there will be a big fight and he 'il smash more stuff and hit I harder next time . the truth , speak without emotion or eye-contact , sit like a stone wall separate they . jarvier what be you read ? luisa rey just ... old letter . ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 in the wee hour of the morning , the warmth of the house radiate against the magritte night -scape . a cab arrive . cavendish ( v.o . ) the past call to we with the enchantment of a sire , luring we into dangerous water . better , I believe , to fill one 's ear with beeswax and stay the course . cavendish empty he wallet to the cab driver . hunched over from the long ride he climb the stair and ring the bell . the door open . a smile angel of a woman welcome he in . int . aurora house - night - year 2009 she help he inside . aurora angel be you trip difficult ? 85 . cavendish ohh , you have no idea . hellish . make a terrible mistake and get off the train . do not know it be the last one . miss the only bus . finally take a cab . Driver talk the entire way . too ruddy awful for word . aurora angel the only thing that matter be that you have arrive safely . cavendish I have to use the last of my money -- aurora angel all you need to worry about , Mr. cavendish , be get a good night 's sleep . he make a noise like a baby , overcome with a wave of pleasure . aurora angel ( cont ’d ) just sign right here . we have gota beautiful room with a garden view . you will love it . he sign in . aurora angel ( cont ’d ) come with I . int . aurora house bedroom - night - year 2009 the room be modern , clean with soft lighting in sleepy corner . the bed be trim with crisp sheet . cavendish look like he might cry . cavendish bliss , my dear . aurora angel sweet dream , then . cavendish ( v.o. ) the hoggins horror be long go and I be scot free while denny , dearest denholme be foot the bill . could not be more perfect . and tomorrow , life could begin afresh , afresh , afresh ! 86 . ext . seoul university - day - year 2144 the University be cut into the side of the mountain . chang lead sonmi through the concourse with student . many of they look at she uniform or she awkwardness and giggle . int . university dorm - hall - day - year 2144 chang lead down the throat of a utilitarian hall . at the end , there sonmi be a door , the digital name plate slightly crooked , '' boom - sook , kim . '' chang knock , then let himself in . int . boom - sook 's dormroom - day - year 2144 a cramped , dirty sty , rancid with pureblood male odor . bin be overflow , a crossbow target hang by the door . a single filthy window open into a featureless courtyard . chang wait here , for Mr. Kim . obey he as you would a seer . he place the box of soap in the fridge . chang ( cont ’d ) keep you food refrigerate ( indicate the sony ) make sure you keep that hide . I will be back in a few day to check on you . sonmi -451 why ... be you do this ? he consider he answer carefully . chang because I care about what happen to you . the word sound like a foreign language to she . he smile again and slip out the door leave she to a completely new life . archivist ( v.o. ) do you know he be Union ? 87 . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the memory remain sweet to she . sonmi-451 no . but it would not have matter . archivist why ? sonmi -451 because it be the first time a pureblood have show I a kindness . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - night - year 1846 ewing return to he room . it appear empty . he slip one of the barrel in front of the door , block it . ewing come on , then . the wiry man slide out from the darkness of he hide place , a wide smile across he face when he see ewing pull food from he pocket . autua ohhh , thank ya’ missa ewing . missa D 's anrnog right about you . ewing do not mention that mongrel 's name again . to tell the truth , I be worried you might try to eat I if you do not get something in that stomach . autua you safe , missa ewing . I no like white meat . autua smile , gobble the stale bread and cheese . ewing before I decide what I be go to do with you , tell I why you be be whipped so savagely . a long silence fill only with the sound of autua 's smack lip . 88. autua my uncle be a sailor . take I on a french whaler when I be ten year old . I see too much 'a the world . I no good slave . ewing why do you look at I ? autua pain strong , aye , but friend 's eye more strong . ewing you be a runaway slave . I ’ma lawyer . how do you imagine we could possibly be friend . he keep chew and smile as jab he finger from he eye to ewing 's . autua here all you need . int . ayr 's chateau - music room - night - year 1931 a study of anticipation as they wait for jocasta to open a telegram . frobisher ( v.o. ) telegram arrive with review of '' todtenvogel . '' jocasta before I open this , vyvyan , I need you to promise I -- ayr please , jocasta , I be too old to worry about what a bunch of parasitic half - wit think of my Music . just read the damn thing and then consign it to the fire . unconvince , she peel open the envelope . jocasta first performance mystify stop . ayr rub the whisker around he tightening lip . jocasta ( cont 'd ) second performance fisticuff stop. 89 . frobisher 's eyebrow arch in anticipation . jocasta ( cont ’d ) third performance adore stop fourth Rose petal thrown beneath you foot stop you be toast of town congratulation stop . she be almost unable to finish it for the joy bubbling out of she . frobisher can not feel he foot on the ground . ayr well ... even a break clock be right twice a day . a smile spread . ayr ( cont 'd ) jocasta , open a bottle of the ' 08 pinot rouge . I make it a point to never be toast without a drink in my hand . she leave , she own smile flash at frobisher like a peek garter - belt . the two artist be leave alone , they expression a reflection of each other . frobisher ( v.o . ) at that moment sixsmith , when he look at I , I see something in he ice- blue eye , something beneath all the year and the illness . something familiar . ext . chateau zedelghem - ground - day - year 1931 frobisher be push ayr wheelchair . the wind urge the dry leave to dance . frobisher ( v.o . ) the follow morning I push he chair down the monk 's walk . Autumn leave gust around in urgent spiral as if v.a. be the sorcerer and I he apprentice . he unveil he concept for a new piece base on he beloved nietzsche 's '' eternal recurrence . '' want my service for another year . ( more ) 90 . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) told he I would think about it . obviously upset he that I do not give a breathy '' yes ! '' on the spot . I want the old bugger to admit he need I . p.s. best news of all . I have start my own work . int . last chord music store - day - year 1973 luisa rey enter the store and be immediately halt . the music play take she breath away ; it 's spectral , hypnotic and ... intimately familiar . luisa rey I know this music . what the hell be it ? store clerk I be sorry , it 's a customer order . not for sale . I should not really be play it . she put she purse on the counter and dig out she wallet . luisa rey all right . my name 's luisa rey , I phone about a obscure recording by Robert frobisher . someone say they find it . the clerk smile guiltily . he nod . store clerk ooops. busted . I think I should check it to make sure it be not scratch but to be totally honest , I can not stop listen to it . luisa rey this be '' the cloud atlas sextet " ? store clerk why company will not finance recording of lose gem like this , it 's criminal . luisa rey where have I hear it before ? 91 . store clerk ( shrug ) can not be more than a handful in North America . luisa rey but I know it . I know I know it . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 they stare at one another , across the table . sonmi -451 he tell I , '' knowledge be to consciousness what sunlight be to plant . '' archivist so it be chang that supply you with the code to the boom -sook Kim 's Unity terminal ? sonmi -451 during the day , I do whatever chore he tell I to do , but at night ... int . boom - sook 's dormroom - night - year 2144 boom - sook be pass out , bath in the flicker flesh - tone light of he slasher porno . sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) at night I be free . sonmi finish fold he laundry . she check to make sure he be sleep , then quietly move to the Unity terminal . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I travel the length , breadth and width of you culture ; from the philosophy of the Greeks to poetry of the chinese , from the unending history of you constant war to the Seven dialect of jong Il . the sony display show all sort of write material as well as hyper- link graphic , antique sketches , painting etc . 92 . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the library often refuse my request download , but this make I understand that the path I be on be the correct one . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the archivist be disturb . archivist ( v.o. ) and Mr. Kim have no awareness of what be truly happen ? sonmi shake she head . sonmi -451 of course not . he believe he be develop a formula for a more attentive domestic . archivist while in reality , Union pursue they agenda . sonmi-451 they goal be always the ascendency of a fabricant . yoona have fail . I be they last remain hope . int . bailey dwelling - day - year 2321 catkin lay on she small bed , surround by family and neighbor . her face be swollen and sweaty . the herbalist dip a rag into cool water and dab it to she forehead . Zachry and the abbess push through the crowd into the room . abbess oh sonmi . she know the child be near death . jzachry embrace he sister Rose . rose leary the healer say she 'il be go by sundown so better 'o say we goodby . zachry ++ - no. 93 . rose it be not right , be not fair but nuthin to be do ... Zachry look at catkin , know what Rose believe be not the true-true . ext . the valley - day - year 2321 Zachry rush through the wood . rain slashes across he face make he tear invisible . he burst into a clear where he find what he have be look for : meronym . she be take water sample , collect they in small glass jar . zachry catkin 's dyin 's ! she stand . meronym what ? how ? zachry trod on a scorpion fish . the energy seep out of she as she realize what will happen to the young girl . it seem terribly unfair . zachry ( cont 'd ) you can save she ! she shake she head . zachry ( cont 'd ) you get spesh smart in that gearbag what will save she ! that 's the true - true ! her expression harden . she throw she bag on the ground between they . meronym how you know what 's in my gearbag ? more sneakin’n’spyin ? why not jus 's thief the spesh smart yourself ? Zachry be stunne and ashamed . 94 . zachry ... it be a mistake , what I do while you guestin’ at we home . I do not trust . meronym why trust now ? zachry I get no choice . catkin 's still ’n’stiff as stone . you be my only hope . it hurt but meronym remain resolve . meronym the life o’ you tribe 's get a nat ’ral order . catkin have trod on that scorpion fish if I have be here or not . zachry I be jus a stoopit goat herder but I reck 'o jus 's by bein 's here you be bustin’ this nat ’ral order ! I reck 'o you be killin’ catkin by not actin 's ! meronym I be not here to play Lady sonmi ev'ry time sumthn 's bad happ an a click my finger 'ot make it right ! zachry if it be a prescient that be layin with poison meltin’ she heart 'n'lung ? if it be you kin ? they both know the answer to that question . zachry ( cont 'd ) why 's a precient 's life worth more 'o a valleysman ?! Zachry 's eye harden . zachry ( cont 'd ) I 'il take you to mauna kea ! the rain beat against meronym 's poncho . 95 . zachry ( cont 'd ) ev’one know my soul be stone . do not matta 's what devil waitin’ for I up there . they goin’ have I one day an_way . you save catkin 'o I will take you an’where you wanna go . a dozen argument blow through she mind but she set she jaw against everyone of they . she bend down and tear through she gearbag , mumble to herself , swear in a language Zachry can not understand . grabbing something she stand . meronym all right . here 's the deal . you sneak this in catkin 's mouth so slywise no un’see , nay , nor even thinkied they see and for sonmi 's sake if catkin life , you make sure the herb ’list get the hooray - hooray , not that voodoo snake oilster from hilo . yay ? gratitude bubbles out of every pore . zachry yay ... yay ! he take the small turquoise stone from she . zachry ( cont 'd ) thank ’ya , thank ’ya , sonmi bless ’ya -- meronym stop you yibberin’n go . go! he bolt . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the orison hum . archivist how long do you serve Mr. boom - sook Kim as a domestic ? sonmi -451 until twelfth -month . I remember watch the snow fall , through the small dorm window . 96 . int . boom - sook 's dormroom - night - year 2144 the room be clean and tidy now . sonmi be clean the one window , while boom - sook play a action porn game with he 3d game toy . outside fat snow flake fall lazily . sonmi -451 ( v.0 . ) it be like nothing I have ever see : bruise lilac in half - lite . such pure solace . archivist ( v.o. ) you speak like a aesthete sometimes . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 sonmi think about this . sonmi -451 perhaps that deprive of beauty perceive it most instinctively . int . cavendish 's room , aurora house - day - year 2009 cavendish awake to the sound of rustling fabric . a middle age woman with a dour pageboy haircut be rifling through he belonging . cavendish what the -- cavendish snap to focus . cavendish ( cont ’d ) what the ruddy hell be you do in my room , you pilfering warty sow ? she root through the pocket of he coat . woman because you be new , I will not have you eat soap powder . this time . be warn , I do not stand for offensive language in aurora House . not from anyone . and I never make idle threat , Mr. cavendish . never. 97 . cavendish I will ruddy well talk to you how I ruddy well like , you stinking ruddy thief ! make I eat soap powder ? I would like to see you try ! let 's call Hotel Security ! let 's call the police ! you ask about offensive language , and I will ask about break , entry and theft ! she quickly cross to he bed and slap he hard across the chop . cavendish , fall back onto he pillow , shocked . woman tsk . a disappoint start . I be Mrs. noake . you do not wish to cross I . cavendish be this some sort of a kinky S &m hotel ? mrs . noake return to he thing . mrs . noake smoke be discourage here . I will have to confiscate this cigar . the lighter be far too dangerous for you to play with . and what , pray , be this ? she dangle he key . mrs . noake ( cont ’d ) key go walky ! let 's give they to Mrs. judd for safekeep , shall we ? cavendish let 's not give they to anyone , you crazy dragon ! you strike I ! you rob I ! what kind of ruddy hotel hire thief for chambermaid ? she stuff she booty into a little burglar 's bag . mrs . noake Breakfast be eight sharp . boil egg with toast soldier today . none for the tardy . the door slam leave cavendish blink for a moment -- then at once he be up and hurry into he clothes . 98 . sonmi -451 ( v.o . ) '' you can maintain power over people as long as you give they something . Rob a man of everything and that man will no longer be in you power . '' int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 she identify the quote . sonmi-451 Alexander solzhenitsyn . he consult the orison . archivist 20th century philosopher . complete work ban by unanimity executive order 2131 . how do you know about he ? sonmi -451 a book . archivist a actual book ? she nod . sonmi-451 it be a gift . int . boom - sook 's dormroom - night - year 2144 sonmi be alone , soaking in the dull glow of she monitor , she eye gulp down information . at the sound of the key in the door , she quickly shut off the machine and cross the room , grab a beer from the fridge just as the door open revealing -- chang . chang hello sonmi . he smile slightly , take the beer from she . she close the door , hide the flush of heat she feel in she cheek whenever he say she name . 99 . sonmi -451 seer chang . chang I tell you I be not a seer . call I hae -joo . sonmi-451 hae-joo . chang you have the place to yourself . she nod . sonmi - 451 Mr. Kim depart for sextet Eve holiday early this morning . chang Three day all to yourself . any big plan ? the question confuse she . sonmi -451 I still have four hundred and thirty year of western literature ... chang not exactly what I have in mind . it 's sextet Eve . do not you deserve a holiday too ? the word do not compute . chang ( cont ’d ) come on . I have get a surprise for you . int . hallway , aurora house - day - year 2009 cavendish storm from he room into the hallway , pause to get he bearing . he shoot down the hall toward reception , slipper clap determinedly against the polished industrial linoleum . a uneasiness begin to fill cavendish as baroque music lilt in the identical chair - line corridor . suddenly a leprous gnome still in he pajamas grip the wrist and lift a jar of hazelnut butter . gnome if you want to get a signal , you 's 1ll need one of this . cavendish grimace . cavendish you have mistaken I for someone else . 100 . he by he pries the man 's hand from he wrist and continue down the hall . he have become unnerve , however . something about aurora House be not right . he slow as he pass a window and see the dining room . dawn seep into cavendish as he see the diner at aurora House be all in they seventies and up . he double he pace , feature redden as he pass a hulk orderly . mrs . judd greet he with a oil of olay smile at reception . mrs . judd hello , Mr. cavendish . feeling super this morning ? cavendish yes . no . a absurd misunderstanding have occur . mrs . judd oh ? cavendish I ah -- I check in last night believe aurora House be a hotel . my brother make the book , you see . his idea of a practical joke . but listen . you have a bigger problem closer to home - some dement bitch call noake be run about the place impersonate a chambermaid . probably riddled with Alzheimer 's . she steal my key ! now , in a go - go bar in Phuket , that would be par for the course , but in a old wreck ' home in Hull ? you would get close down if I be a inspector , you know . 101 . Mrs. judd 's smile be battery acid . cavendish ( cont ’d ) right . i’1l need my key back , straight away . he rap he knuckle on the desktop . mrs . judd aurora House be you home now , Mr. cavendish . you signature authorize we to apply compliancy . and I would get out of the habit of refer to my sister in that tone . cavendish compliancy ? signature ? sister ? mrs . judd the custody document you sign last night . you residency papers . cavendish ( chuckle ) no , no , no -- that be the hotel registry ! never mind , it 's all academic . my , this will make a heck of a dinner - party story . once I have strangle my brother . Bill he , by the way . only I must insist on have my key return , and you would better call I a cab . mrs . judd most of we guest get cold foot on they first morning . cavendish my foot be quite warm , but I have not make myself clear . if you don 't - mrs . judd Mr. cavendish , why do not you eat you breakfast first and - cavendish key ! a group of resident have stop to watch the escalate exchange . 102 . mrs . judd we have you write permission to hold you valuable in the office safe . cavendish then I must speak with the management . mrs . judd that would be my sister , nurse noake . cavendish noake ? management ? mrs . judd nurse noake . cavendish then I must speak with the board of governor , or the owner . mrs . judd they would be I . cavendish you telephone , please . I wish to inform the police -- mrs . judd resident be not permit to -- he slam he hand on the counter . cavendish I be not a ruddy resident ! mrs . judd you 'il find that temper tantrum will not help you at aurora House . cavendish look , you be break the ruddy -- anti-incarceration Act or something and I bloody hell will not stand for this ! before she can stop he , cavendish wheel with a grandiose gesture and slam out the double - door exit . the cold snap at he skin as he march down the curving driveway , breath puffing from he nostril like a locomotive . 103 . he round a bend and see a shaggy giant in overall rise from a overturn lawn - mower . he clap the dust from he glove . groundsman off somewhere ? cavendish you bet I be ! to the land of the live . he stride decisively past hide he grow confusion in the layout of the grounds . he follow the drive and realize he have find himself back at the dining room annex . cavnedish huff as the undead of aurora House watch he through the wall of glass . he raise he hand in mock horror . cavendish ( cont ’d ) soylent Green be people ! soylent Green be make of people ! they stare at he puzzle , when one of they tap on the window and point behind he . cavendish turn and see the groundsman come at he fast . groundsman oy ! get back here you ! cavendish you keep away from I or I 'il be force to name you a accomplice in the police report . the groundsman grab for he shoulder but cavendish swat he away and angle himself behind a cart of clay pot . groundsman I have better thing to do than this ... cavendish then go and do they , you bloody sodd soap - dodger ! cavendish heave at the cart toppling it the ceramic pot crash down shatter at the giant 's foot . 104 . groundsman right ! cavendish 's eye go wide as the groundsman spring at he , this time knock away he flail defense , arm wrapping he up in a crush bear-hug . the stink of fertilizer fill cavendish 's nostril . cavendish get you hand off of I , you cruddy ruddy rugger bugger yob ! the bear-hug tighten and cavendish , with a breathless , silent scream , be abandon by all force to fight back . like a moldy sack of flour , the groundsman carry cavendish by the picture window of aurora House gaper . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 archivist where do chang take you ? sonmi-451 a private disneyarium . archivist I do not know they still exist . sonmi-451 it be in the old neon District . archivist what do you see ? she smile . sonmi -451 the rest of it . int . disneyarium - night - year 2144 chang and sonmi huddle in the cramped '' theatre . '' the room be the equivalent of a present day porn booth , where movie be order via a comlink . on the crystal screen a calm cavendish look - a- like sip wine while type he memoir . 105 . cavendish ( v.o. ) outside , fat snowflake be fall on slate roof and granite wall . like solzhenitsyn labor in vermont , I shall beaver away in exile , far from the city that knit - ted my bone . the music swell as chang look over at sonmi whose eye quiver with tear . we be not sure if she be happy or sad . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) unlike solzhenitsyn , I sha not be alone . we do not see whom he be refer to , stay focus on sonmi and chang . int . frobisher 's bedroom - night - year 1931 frobisher ease back onto he bed . frobisher ( v.o. ) I have take jocasta as a lover . jocasta casually open she robe , revealing she mature but well care for body . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) do not alarm yourself , sixsmith ! only in the carnal sense . do not wish to brag , but she first visit at night do not take I by surprise . they begin make love ; frobisher attend with a connoisseur 's care . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) really , you should try woman . they enchant in different way : a section of string rather than horn , delicate , subtle , they desire like a secret and yet invariably , when one unlock a woman 's body , she box of confidence also spill . what secret , I wonder , will tumble from Madame crommelynck 's lip ? he kiss part of she body that no one have kiss for a long time and she moan with pleasure . 106 . int . hall , aurora house - night industrial skylight cast perfect slab of blue moonlight along the floor of the otherwise dark corridor . they shimmer like sacrificial altar in the quiet of aurora House . cavendish ( v.o. ) the stage be set . cavendish creep down the hall in a series of stealthy serpentine stop-start . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) aurora House , the chess board . he edge into a shadow opposite of a security camera . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they will learn this certainty of certainty , a battle of wit with a cavendish be surely a lose proposition . one final quick dash and he enter nurse judd 's office . int . nurse judd 's office - night cavendish lift the phone , finger dance over the keypad . the receiver chirp in he ear as it ring . cavendish come on , denny old boy ... after a almost interminable wait , the line be answer . denholme ( 0.s. ) who in the bloody hell be this ? do you have any idea what time it be ? cavendish 's face light up . cavendish denny ? it 's I , denny ! Tim ! denholme ( 0.s. ) timothy ? what ? where be you ? cavendish I think you bloody well know where I be ! 107 . denholme ( 0.s. ) oh , I be assure there be not a public phone at aurora House ... cavendish of course there be not , I have pinch this one . denholme ( 0.s. ) I will have to have a word with the governess about this . a man in you condition should not be allow to wander at all hour . cavendish alright , de . you have have you fun . I think it 's high time to put a end to this little game of yours . denholme ( 0.s. ) look Tim , it 's be nice catch up with you , but it 's late -- cavendish what be you talk about ? this be you brother ! why be you do this to I ? denholme ( 0.s. ) I think a better question in this instance would be , what have you do to deserve this ? cavendish I -- I do not know what you mean . denholme ( 0.s. ) come now , timothy . do not insult I . you can not think that I do not know about you and georgette . cavendish georgette ? cavendish swallow . cavendish ( cont 'd ) that be a long time ago , denholme . denholme ( 0.s. ) I be afraid you penance and reconciliation have come . time to account for you crime . 108 . cavendish look de , I never mean to hurt you - cavendish fluster . cavendish ( cont ’d ) I be -- I be so sorry . denholme chuckle . denholme ( 0.s . ) no apology necessary timbo . you exile to aurora House be more than enough reparation . Nice and tidy . not to mention humane . you see , as it stand now , I will not have to kill you . the line click dead as the light pop on . a extremely agitate nurse judd stand in the doorway , flanke by Mr. wither . int . frobisher 's bedroom - night - year 1931 frobisher be smoking a cigarette . jocasta beside he , stare at he . jocasta you be so much like vyvyan ... the comparison flatter he . jocasta ( cont 'd ) the way the light catch you eye , the silhouette of you shoulder and neck ; all this little thing that remind I of he when we first meet . he turn towards she . frobisher tell I about it . where be you when you meet ? she be shy about it even though it be a fond memory . jocasta I be a student , like you -- suddenly , someone pound hurriedly on the door . ayr ( 0.s. ) frobisher ! open up ! 109 . the doorknob be rattle . ayr ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) hurry , man ! open the door ! panick , jocasta bury herself beneath the cover as frobisher wrap a robe around himself and open the door . frobisher ayr , what time be it ? ayr who care ? I do not know ! I have hear a melody , boy . for violin . Quick . Paper . find a pen ! frobisher look helplessly around as ayr rush past he . ayr ( cont 'd ) why the deuce do you lock you door if you sleep with the window open ? he fall into the chair near the fireplace . ayr ( cont 'd ) I hear it in a dream ... I be ina nightmarish cafe , blaring , bright light but underground , with no way out and the waitress ... they all +--+. have the same face . frobisher find pen and paper , then adjust the second chair so ayr will not look towards the bed . ayr ( cont ’d ) there be music play , compress , hollow sounding but unlike any music I have ever hear in my life . he close he eye and try to conjure it . ayr ( cont ’d ) it begin as wagner 's Tristan chord , hover on the edge of dissonance ... augment fourth , augment sixth ... frobisher scribbles the note . frobisher augment second above what root ? cc? 110 . ayr no ... frobisher ge b? ayr -. yes . frobisher flat ? ayr no ! frobisher Major . ayr wait , no , I do not know , help I , Robert ! help I , it 's sip away ! ayr grab hold of frobisher 's arm but the young man do not know how to help he . ayr ( cont 'd ) it be so clear a minute ago ... he close he eye and listen for it again . he sag , defeat . ayr ( cont ’d ) I have lose it ... it 's go . frobisher it will come to you sir . the minute you stop try to find it , it will find you . ayr you be naive , Robert . frobisher I be anything but . ayr there be a gulf between this chair . frobisher you be older , true -- ayr fifty year be more than time -- lll . frobisher but what you want be no different from what I want . a beat . frobisher ( cont ’d ) the gulf be a illusion . ayr throw a quizzical smile at frobisher . ayr what be you do here , Robert ? you be young , talented , intelligent and by all account not wholly repugnant . why do you stay ? frobisher sit in he chair know that he cannot answer the question honestly . frobisher I have learn more from you in six month then two year with the parrot of caius . ayr smile but know it be not the whole truth . he haul himself to he foot and they say good night to each other . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) how I long to speak the truth , to look he straight in the eye and say , '' because of you , sir . because of the way you look at I when my finger coax you '' tar-tatty - tatty - tar '' into a gentle melody . because of the way you conduct with you cigarette . because of the way you soul swim in you eye . because you be my verlaine and I , you reckless , desperate rimbaud . because this be the relationship I have be wait for all my life . '' the door close with a heaviness and frobisher sag against it until -- jocasta climb out from the bed , she expression a bemuse smile glean by insight . jocasta I think my husband have fall in love with you . 112 . her word send a electric thrill through he body but he hide it behind he own shy smile . frobisher come now , do not make I feel the cad . her stare bore to he soul . jocasta we both know what you be . int . cambridge college - sixsmith 's room - night - year 1931 sixsmith sit in the dark room , read by candlelight . frobisher ( v.o . ) '' I think my husband have fall in love with you . '' how many time do I replay she word in my mind . do not be angry with I for tell you the truth , sixsmith . I have to tell someone . try to understand . Music have come into my life . we hear the cloud atlas sextet begin to swell . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) Music as beautiful as any I have ever hear . alone , sixsmith begin to cry . ext . swanekke island bridge - day - year 1973 frobisher 's '' cloud atlas sextet '' be hear over luisa 's rust - orange beetle roaring over the bridge head for the concrete cool tower that rise like man-made mountain . the demonstrator surround the security gate . we have see this moment from the beginning of the film . int . swannekke power plant - day - year 1973 luisa be meet by a attractive , flawlessly construct woman name fay li , who be finish a conversation with joe napier , early sixty , routine security presence . fay li hi , fay Li , Seaboard pr. 113. luisa rey luisa rey . spyglass Magazine . fay li this be Joe Napier , we security chief here . joe napier anything you girl need , just let I know . he leave . fay Li guide luisa to the lab entrance . fay li I be surprised to get you query . do not get I wrong . it 's a feisty magazine . luisa rey my editor want to try shake thing up . he say the public want more substance . probably just a fad . Li smile . fay li well follow I and we can start with the Chicken ranch . luisa do not understand . fay li ( cont ’d ) that 's where we keep the eggheads -- int . swannekke power plant - research lab - day - year 1973 fay Li use she id card to get into the restrict lab . fay li ( wink ) and speak of which , if you wait right here , I will go find someone who can actually explain what be go on here . luisa smile as fay head towards a cluster of office . Left alone , luisa begin to peek around when she notice a prominent office and the name on the frost glass badly scrape away -- Dr. rufus sixsmith . her skin tingles . she take a deep breath . 114 . luisa rey okay ... what would dad do ? she slip quickly through the door . int . the prophetess - officer 's mess - year 1846 ewing push open the door to the officer 's mess , confront a grumpy Captain molyneux and Mr. boerhaave . ewing good morning Captain . captain molyneux you can help it remain so , quillcock , by bugger off . ewing I be afraid sir , I be unable to do that , for if I do , I would be unable to inform you of the stowaway I discover in my room . boerhaave stowaway ?! ewing before any think be give to my complicity , recall that I ask for the coil of hawser be remove thereby begging for my putative conspiracy to be uncover ? I be neither that foolish or that brazen . boerhaave give I five minute , Captain , and I will flay the truth from he . ewing I assure you this Moriori have no choice . his liver be to be carve from he side and serve to he master . he have throw himself upon you mercy as Christians and have swear to I that he be a first class , able-body seaman capable of earning passage , if only give a chance . boerhaave a stowaway be a stowaway even if he shit silver nugget ! 115 . the Captain swim up from the bottom of he tankard of ale . captain molyneux let 's have a bit of fun , shall we ? Mr. boerhaave , my fowling piece , if you please . Mr. roderick , fetch Mr. ewing 's pet savage afoot to the mizen . int . swannekke power plant - sixsmith 's office - day - year 1973 luisa be digging through the drawer and several box when she hear someone at the door . a shadow be see under the door . the handle begin to turn . she know she be about to be catch -- archivist ( v.o. ) I would like to talk to you about the night of you arrest . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the memory be not pleasant . sonmi - 451 I be sure you have read through the file . archivist we would prefer it in you own word . her eye turn hard . sonmi - 451 boom - sook Kim and he friend have be drink . ext . the prophetess - day - year 1846 Mr. roderick and another shipmate haul autua roughly up from below deck . a crowd have gather . the Captain chortle , swilling liquor from a bottle . autua be very frighten . autua Mr. ewing ! Mr. ewing ! 116. ewing it 's all right autua . I have talk to the Captain . he ’1ll hear you case . I trust he be a fair man . autua look at a snarling boerhaave and remain unconvince . captain molyneux what 's you name boy ? autua autua , sir , Captain . captain molyneux this Christian gentleman , who know nothing about ship , tell I that you be a first - class sailor ? where have you cut you salt , then ? he find he courage , proud of he past . autua ' aye , cap and , sir , two year on the whaler Mississippi under Captain maspero and four year on the Cornucopia under Captain caton . all hand watch like a tennis match , turn to the Captain . captain molyneux very well . let 's see you lower this midmast royal . autua look at the mast the Captain indicate and hesitates , confuse . ewing be suddenly afraid that autua might have be lie . autua ..- but sir , this mast be not the midmast , this the mizzen , aye ? a murmur of appreciation rustle through the crowd . the Captain smile . captain molyneux then kindly lower the mizzen royal . autua smile and leap to the pole , scamper up it as easily if it be a flight of stair . captain molyneux ( cont ’d ) Mr. boerhaave , ready my piece . boerhaave grin like a skull . ewing what ? captain molyneux on my mark - boerhaave take aim at autua with the rifle . ewing no ! you can not do this ! captain molyneux no one tell I what I can or cannot do on my ship especially when it concern nigger stowaways . Mr boerhaave do not make a mess of my deck . boerhaave aye , aye , Captain . autua move towards the far side of the mast , the rifle barrel settles and then -- int . boom - sook 's dormroom - day - year 2144 thunk ! 117 . a crossbow bolt shoot into the wall beside sonmi who just enter the room , frightening she and cause she to drop the trays of cover food . boom-sook and he friend all laugh . they have all be drink heavily . boom-sook told you . reflexes need fine - tuning . a fabricant should never flinch , especially when use for target practice . min -sic maybe we should start a behavior modification right now . boom -sook excellent idea . sonmi-451 . this be you master speak . stand against the wall . sonmi -451 ( frighten ) seer Kim ? 118 . boom -sook do it ! she comply . boom take a plum and put it on she head . boom -sook ( cont ’d ) now , hold very , very still . fang you will never do it , boom . you know how much shit you will be in if you kill a experimental clone ? boom take aim . fang ( cont 'd ) 500 credit say he do not come within ten centimeter . his hand tremble . sonmi wait to die . ext . the prophetess - day - year 1846 autua scramble unaware of the fact that he be about to be kill . ewing can barely contain he turmoil ; helplessness and fear and rage churn inside of he . ewing Captain ! please ! captain molyneux Mr. boerhaave , my bottle be empty . boerhaave aye , aye , sir . boerhaave smile as he finger tighten -- int . boom - sook 's dormroom - night - year 2144 boom -sook fire . the arrow hit sonmi and she scream . ext . the prophetess - day - year 1846 ewing can not just stand and watch . 119 . ewing Captain , hear I out -- he move and '' stumble '' into boerhaave who fire , miss wildly . autua pay no attention to what be happen , scamper from one end to the other -- boerhaave spit venom , grab hold of ewing . boerhaave damn you , quillcock ! abettor share the same fate as stowaways on this ship ! old salty dog cap 'o look ! he 's get fish-hook for toe . the entire crew be transfix as autua swing out use he entire body as a counter - weight -- the great sail billow out like a parachute behind he -- landing gently on the deck as the salty sea dog cackle with laughter . old salty dog ( cont ’d ) haa ! the darky salt as I be ! the captain rub he chin . captain molyneux Mr. boerhaave , it appear we have a addition to we crew . be sure he earn he keep . he take the rifle and leave boerhaave glaring at ewing . int . boom - sook 's dormroom - night - year 2144 sonmi be on the floor , she ear badly bleed --- --- when the door explode off its hinge . enforcer pour into the room . boom - sook shriek and fall to the floor , cower as he and he friend be bag and cuffed . sonmi have only a moment before she too be bag and arrest . 120 . int . swannekke power plant - sixsmith 's office - day - year 1974 the door open as a scientist catch luisa in the act of look through sixsmith 's file . his name be isaac sach . they eye lock and Isaac feel something he would never have expect : familiarity . isaac what be you do in here ? there 's no good answer to that question . isaac ( cont ’d ) you better come with I . int . swannekke power plant - research lab - day - year 1973 fay Li be look everywhere for luisa . isaac here she be , Ms. li. found she by the chem lab ... look for a bathroom . luisa realize that Isaac have just cover for she . luisa rey sorry ... it 's that time again . fay li say no more . issac , do you mind if I conscript you a little longer to walk Ms. rey through the facility ? isaac lucky I . fay li think of she as a anthropologist , here to study we tribe . do not bore she with math . ( to luisa ) watch out for he . he 's get a reputation . one of swannekke 's '' most eligible . '' she flutter away , a cloud of '' Charlie '' in she wake . the silence between they be immediately uncomfortable . luisa rey ++- why do you do that ? Isaac search for a answer . 121. int . prison cube - year 2144 sonmi sit frighten in the corner of the cell . after a long beat , the cell door grind open . several faceless enforcer enter and flank the room . boardman mephi enter with the air of unassailable authority . sonmi stand . boardman mephi you have cause quite a sensation . he step close , examine she . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) everyone want to know , can you tell ? be it somehow visible ? I tell this buffoon , consciousness be not a rash . that 's what make it so dangerous . that even beneath this generic , manufacture feature there can be thought that terrify the whole of unnaminity . hmmmm , yes ? sonmi do not know how to answer . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) shall I explain ? the research facility at we University generate roughly two million library download request per semester . the vast majority be course text and related article ; the remainder relate to anything from real estate to stock price . the point be , sonmi , it take a reader of truly eclectic habit for my friend the librarian to bother alert I . he read from he handsony . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) argueto 's one Day of life , fune 's rememberence , Orwell 's 1984 , solzhenitsyn 's gulag archipelago , murakami 's Underground , gibbon 's decline and fall and if that be not enough for rendition , a brazen - as-you - please request for all reference to that cancer in we corpocratic body - Union ! he shake he head . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) two day of detective work by my able-body assistant and it become obvious that you master boom-sook read wittgenstein defy all credulity . conclusively , we dissident - manque be apparently the first ascend fabricant , sister - server to the notorious yoona-939 . he smile like someone who do not smile very often . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) now what ? the corprocrat want you euthanize as a deviant . the manufacturer be demand a period of study to determine if they be responsible for a recall or if you be a anomaly . the pyschogenomicist be scream for a immediate cerebral vivisection . sonmi can feel the wall close in around she . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) in the end , a compromise have be reach . you shall be put through a battery of cross-disciplinary test for a period that shall not exceed a full month , after which you brain will be deliver for complete diagnostic while the rest of you body be incinerate . mephi turn head for the door , before pause . boardman mephi ( cont ’d ) seem almost a shame ... but the will of the people must be protect . 122 . 123. the enforcer file out behind he , the door sealing itself tight , leave sonmi completely alone . int . aurora house - day - year 2009 cavendish lay in he bed . cavendish ( v.o. ) trapped in a world where a clock have no hand . primo Levi 's '' the drown and the save '' scroll in epitaph across my thought . int . cafeteria , aurora house - day a pale nurse serve cavendish he lunch ; a tepid lamb chop , starch grenade potato and can carrot . cavendish ( v.o. ) '' freedom '' the fatuous jingle of we civilization but only that deprive of it have the barest inkling of what it really be . cavendish sit in front of he tray stare at the horror it hold . a nearby couple watch he intently as he surreptitiously pocket he med . this be ernie and veronica . int . cavendish 's room , aurora house - day cavendish stand at the window , the afternoon sun throw a crosshatch of shadow on he face from the security cage . cavendish ( v.o. ) behold you future , cavendish the younger . you will not apply for membership , but the tribe of the elderly will claim you . behind he a once stately woman and she colleague a rickety greyhound of a man in a blazer stare in consternation . gordon look here , boyo , we know you have have a rough time of it , but we be here to help . 124 . gwendolin a position to record resident Committee meeting minute have open . a fine opportunity for you to jolly well get involved ! I understand you be in publishing . cavendish turn , he chin jutting coldly . cavendish I still be in publishing . do I look like I should be here ? Dust mote hang in the silence . gordon psst . you fly 's undone , boyo . he turn back to the window . cavendish get out . the two exit leave he once again alone . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) this inescapable reality will become evident only when the last vestige of you dignity be stripped away . cavendish zip he pants . int . examination lab - year 2144 sonmi be strapped into a testing device . various screen pulse with mri - like image , other read chemistry fluctuation and organ function . archivist ( v.o. ) you accept that you life have come to a end ? a measure of electricity be send through a synapse in she brain . her body convulse against she restraint . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) I wish to be as strong as the german thinker nietzsche . I wish to not merely bear what be necessary , but to love it . the course end and she body sag . the scientist nod and make note . sonmi -451 ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) in truth , every day all I really wish for be a end to my suffer , for someone to release I . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - night a pale and sickly ewing collapse upon he bed . ewing Henry , I feel terrible ... so weak . everything hurt . goose the day event , the excitement , it be all too much . tomorrow you must rest . 125 . Goose smile , he over large tooth yellow in the sway lantern light , as he prepare another spoonful of medicine . goose ( cont ’d ) soon , Adam . it ’1ll all be over soon . Adam inhale the medicine through he nose , Goose still hold the spoon . int . bailey dwelling - day - year 2321 catkin slurp from the spoon as Zachry feed she . catkin scorp 'o fish soup ! mmmhmm ! my fav’rite . they both smile . catkin ( cont 'd ) ma say you guidin’ meronym up mauna kea. ( slurp ) call have you a bravey - ball bullock . zachry I 'o 's meronym get a pact . you know , a pact 's 'a ’pact . catkin then pact with I . promise , you 's 1ll come back , safewise , both 'a you . 126 . he smile and weave he finger into hers . zachry yay ... I promise . ext . balcony - swaneekke - night - year 1973 Isaac be suppose to be give luisa a tour of the containment chamber . instead they stand at a railing overlook the massive structure . isaac the funny thing be I be not even suppose to be here . I be mean to be in Washington but this stupid air-traffic controller strike screw everything up so I have to take the red-eye tonight . do you ever feel like the universe be against you ? she take a joint out of she cigarette pack . luisa rey all the time . you mind ? try to be cool . issac no , no . go ahead . she light it , take a strong hit , while he look around make sure the coast be clear . luisa rey you seem nervous , issac . do I make you nervous ? she offer he the joint . he hedge , than take it . issac no , uh-uh , actually the opposite . she cock a eyebrow while he take a hit and cough a little . he pass the joint back to she . 127 . issac ( cont ’d ) I have a girlfriend once , I mean , I have have lot of girlfriend , well not lot , I have have my fair share , but there be one who you kind of remind I of . she hate math and keep try to get I to read carlos castenada . you ever read any of that stuff ? she smile , nodd , blow smoke out into the great concrete void . luisa rey oh yeah . issac I do not really believe any of that past life nonsense but every once in a while ... I do not know , I can not explain it but I know when I open that door , somehow I know you be go to be there . Isaac take another hit , enjoy the taste of she lipstick . luisa rey but that do not explain why you cover for I . issac rufus sixsmith be a mentor to I . taught I how to play chess , how to make a good pot of tea , the best way to enjoy cricket ( asleep on the couch ) and when the aforementioned girlfriend dumped I for a guy who she believe have be she concubine in a past life , he give I a shoulder to cry on . he be a good friend . luisa rey I be sorry . two operator partially dress in radiation suit , enter the bridge and pass by . he hide the joint and do he best '' tour guide . '' isaac -- it be the safest and most sophisticated containment system in the world . 128. the operator exit the other side . he watch the smoke rise in wisp and disappear into the concrete void . isaac ( cont 'd ) they destroy most of the copy of the report . luisa rey most ? he look at she like someone about to jump off a bridge . isaac there be no good choice here , be there ? if I help you , I could lose my job or ... worse . but if I do not , a lot of people ... it 'il be worse than worse . after a moment of silence , she look he in the eye . luisa rey you have to do , whatever you can not not do . int . prison cube - year 2144 sonmi look up as the enforcer open the cell . the experiment have take they toll . her perfect feature be wear and haggard . she seem near to death . sonmi -451 please . I can not ... one of the enforcer step forward . her own face be reflect in the mirrore visor of he helmet . he pull a flask from he pocket . enforcer drink this . there be something familiar in he voice . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - night - year 1846 autua hold ewing , tipping a cup of water to he lip . 129 . autua you gotta drink , missa ewing . and eat . you need food . he reach into he pocket pull out the same kind of roll ewing bring he . autua ( cont ’d ) look . like you bring I . he smile . ewing try to return the smile . tries to eat but it 's not work . autua ( cont ’d ) come on , missa ewing . I be not go n 'a let you die here . int . aurora house bedroom - night - year 2009 cavendish lie listlessly in he bed , try to finish read the Luis rey manuscript . cavendish ( v.o . ) my only salvation come in the form of the manuscript I have bring with I . I read it like a bible . the struggle of luisa rey become my own . a letter suddenly slide under the door . int . swannekke island - parking garage - night - year 1973 luisa open the hood of Garcia . she stare at something that someone put in she car ; it glow pale white against the darkness - — the sixsmith report . int . airplane - year 1973 Isaac sach sit on the plane , write in he journal . isaac ( v.o. ) exposition : the problem of the '' actual past '' and the '' virtual past '' can be illustrate by a historical event like the sink of the Titanic . 130 . the camera boom down to find a black attache case beneath a empty chair . ext . mountainside - destroyed CITY - dusk - year 2321 meronym and Zachry reach a plateau where there be once a large city . the shell that be once building , slump and lay like suit of armor of a medieval battle , long after the carrion have hollow they out . tree grow out through window , vine drip from moss cover satellite dish , vehicle , partially bury seem more like grow - over crypt than car . isaac ( v.o. ) the disaster as it actually occur fade into obscurity as witness die off , document be destroy and the wreck itself dissolves in its Atlantic grave . int . chateau zedelghem - music room - night - year 1931 frobisher play the atlas , half dress , lose in a fugue , scribbling note quickly as the music pour out of he . isaac ( v.o. ) yet a virtual sink , create out of rework memory , hearsay , fiction , in short - belief grow ever more '' true '' . int . swannekke island - parking garage - night - year 1973 luisa slam she hood . jump in the car and peel out . as the car pass we see the lens of a security camera watch she . isaac ( v.o. ) the virtual past be malleable , easily press into the service of the present as power vie for legitimacy and the right to control the actual and the virtual future . 131 . int . aurora house bedroom - night - year 2009 cavendish open the letter . Inside be a note that read : '' you want out ? find the boiler room . after lunch . '' int . prison cell - day - year 2144 sonmi acquiesce , nodd , ready to continue . the enforcer that give she the drink , lift she and they escort she out of she cell . isaac ( v.o . ) the uncreate and the dead exist in both the actual and virtual past . int . chateau zedelghem - music room - night - year 1931 suddenly , the music stop . frobisher 's finger be as still as a nervous deer . ayr , in he bed clothes , look as if just wake from a dream sit in he wheelchair . ayr that 's it . the music from my dream . ext . swanekke island bridge - night - year 2009 luisa race towards the crest of the bridge . behind she , a blue sedan with its light turn off glide in pursuit with the same menace as a shark . we have see this scene before . isaac ( v.o. ) symmetry demand that future creation and future selve wait to be influence by we present self . int . airplane - day - year 1973 the plane speed for its take off . Isaac continue to write . isaac ( v.o. ) proposition : I have fall in love with luisa rey . be this possible ? I just meet she and yet I feel like -- beneath he the attache explode . 132 . have just lift off , the plane be rip open by a fireball . ext . swanekke island bridge - night - year 1973 the blue car accelerate and pull up beside she . luisa look over and see a face that frighten she -- Bill smoke . he slam he car into luisa 's . she scream , fight to keep control as -- his larger car smashes she into the guard - rail which hold once but then shatter -- send the volkswagen lurching off the bridge out into the open air . luisa scream as the black water , shimmer like snakeskin in the moonlight rush up at she -- ext . ocean BAY - night - year 1973 the volkswagon impact ; a explosion of furious underwater bubbles scatter out . Inside , luisa smashes she head against the steering wheel , blood gush from the gash as -- she be knock unconscious . from above , the car sink in lazy liquid speed ; the hood cough open and the sixsmith report dreamily float out and into the abyss . int . chateau zedelghem - music room - night - year 1931 ayr look like he have see a ghost . ayr how do you know that music ? where do it come from ? frobisher it be the piece I have be work on . I call it the cloud atlas sextet . ayr wheel himself closer . ayr no. no , Robert . this be from my dream . that night I come to you room , this be the music I hear in my head . somehow I give it to you . frobisher smile and begin to play gently . frobisher while the idea of a sub-conscious connection to you excite my imagination , I be afraid there be a more rational explanation . 133 . the music cast a romantic spell over the conversation . frobisher ( cont ’d ) I have be work on the atlas for week now and I suspect you hear it and incorporate it into you dream . the old man wheel towards the piano , stare prospector might stare at a pan full of gold . ayr this , Robert ... be mean for eternal recurrence . let I have it , and I will explore its hide secret . bring they to the surface . frobisher the atlas , I believe , be the only thing I have ever do in my life that have value . yet , I would give it to you , give it gladly , if only this ... situation be different . ayr what do you mean ? different how ? he be unable to look at ayr , play softly . frobisher there be whole movement in the atlas that I write imagine we meeting again and again in different life , in different age ... ayr yes , yes . it be the essence of eternal recurrence . we be bathing in the same creative water , Robert . ( more ) at it asa 134 . ayr ( cont 'd ) something as important as this cannot be describe as yours or mine . it be ours . he stop play . his heart stand on the threshold of its closet . he shift on the bench turn towards the older man . frobisher that be exactly how I feel , vyvyan . that and more . he put he hand on ayr 's leg . ayr stare down at the hand on he knee . it be impossible to read the old man 's reaction . frobisher ( cont ’d ) you can have the atlas , vyvyan . you can have every musical think I ever have . all I need be one thing in return . ayr what ? frobisher you . it be impossible to read the old man 's reaction . frobisher ( cont 'd ) you do not belong here . we both know it 's true . come away with I . leave Zeldelghem . leave this rotting prison that reek of mushroom and mold . leave you wife . let we flee and be free to live however many day we have leave , together . run away with I , vyvyan . run away with I ... tremble , frobisher dare to lift he other hand and touch ayr 's cheek with he fingertip ... int . prison hall - day - year 2144 sonmi be lead through the hall by the enforcer that surround and dwarf she . they march for a moment when one of the enforcer move with casual ease , as if he be pull a pack of cigarettes from he pocket -- 135 . take out a gun and spin towards she , aim at what look like she head -- but turn out to be the enforcer behind she . his head explode inside he helmet . before anyone can react , he spin back and put two more dum - dum bullet in the remain enforcer . sonmi be paralyze . he pull off he helmet revealing himself . it be chang . without think about it , she throw she arm around he , cling as a child might cling to a return parent . chang I be sorry . tear squeeze from she close eye . sonmi -451 ... they hurt I . chang I know . I know . I be go to get you out of here . come . int . prison hall - day - year 2144 sonmi follow chang as they rush through a labyrinth of hall . he lead she towards a door . chang in here . alarm begin to sound . chang ( cont ’d ) hurry . int . prison loading dock - day - year 2144 they enter a large load dock where supplies for the prison arrive . Three enforcers react , training they gun on he . chang it 's all right , it 's all right . 136 . he wave he fake id at they . they be confuse while the alarm continue to blare . chang ( cont 'd ) I be work for boardman mephi-- he lift he gun and kill they all before they have a chance to blink . chang ( cont 'd ) in here . he put sonmi inside a transport fill with bag of laundry . he strip off he enforcer uniform . underneath he be wear a bright color Laundry engineer uniform . chang ( cont 'd ) stay hide . he climb into the driver seat . more enforcer be arrive at the dock as he ease the transport out the bay door . int . transport - day - year 2144 sonmi be jostle as the car begin to pick up speed . sonmi -451 chang ! chang I tell you : hae -joo . chang watch the screen for pursue vehicle . chang ( cont ’d ) uh oh . in the distance , several individual pod-car shoot into the they tube , while above the prison a large hovercraft rise up . like a cross between a harrier jet and a blackhawk helicopter , it look fast and mean . chang ( cont ’d ) shit . sonmi-451 what be it ? chang trouble . 137 . int . chateau zedelghem - music room - night - year 1931 ayr stare at frobisher whose tremble hand be about to slowly caress he face . the silence stretch until -- ayr begin to laugh . it be a sound that have break more heart than any other . frobisher 's hand jolt backwards as if hit by high voltage . ayr vyvyan ayr abroad with he shameless sodomite ! he roar , the cacophony of laughter explode like violent cymbal . frobisher I be sorry -- I think -- ayr you think ? you think what ?! that I might fancy a little bugger from a fine young dandy like yourself ? the laughter die , smother by disgust . ayr ( cont ’d ) I be not sure whether the idea strike I as more ridiculous or repugnant . frobisher harden . frobisher i’1l pack my bag and be go by morning . he stand and head for the door but the force of ayr voice stop he . ayr you will do no such thing ! you will leave only when I say you can leave . frobisher turn . frobisher 138 . ayr ( cont 'd ) until then you will continue work on eternal recurrence . when it be finish then I will decide what to do with you . set he jaw . frobisher you can not keep I here . I be leave . good luck with eternal recurrence . I be sure a sterile old fuck like yourself be still capable of something completely immemorable . again he head for the door and again ayr stop he . frobisher frobisher ayr I suggest you think about this , Robert . really think . leave and you will only compound you mistake . think about reputation . reputation be everything in we society . mine be beyond reproach . your , my disinherite , gambling , bankrupt reprobate , be expire . realize ayr know more than he think he do . ayr ( cont ’d ) do you not think we would check up on someone live under we roof ? mackerras 's himself write and I quote , '' he be a prostitute whose liaison with pervert and sodomite be commonplace in he brief and forgettable career at caius . lock up the silverware . '' unquote . feel the world crumble in on he . ayr ( cont ’d ) be warn , leave Zedelghem without my consent and all musical society will know of the scoundrel , Robert frobisher and the unspeakable crime he force upon a helpless old man . a smile twist across ayr mouth that remind we of Old georgie . 139 . ayr ( cont 'd ) after that , even if you compose one of the great symphony ever write , no one will ever hear it because no one will want anything to do with you . int . cafeteria - aurora house - day - year 2009 cavendish sit alone at a table , unable to bring himself to eat the gray food . he pull the note from he pocket , its word taunting he , '' you want out ? find the boiler room . after lunch . '' he stand . int . aurora house - day - year 2009 he stalk around the kitchen , search until he see a stairway lead down . nurse noake pass by and he quickly duck out of sight . when the coast be clear , he slip down the stair . int . aurora house - basement - day - year 2009 he descend into the dark basement . pipe and wire canopy the ceiling like jungle vine . a lone light bulb guide he deeper into the netherworld . at the end of the hall he see a heavy metal door . Beyond it there be a glow of warm light and the sound of voice . he hesitates , uncertain if this be a good idea . meronym ( v.o. ) you all right , Zachry ? ext . mountainside - destroyed CITY - dusk - year 2321 meronym and Zachry near the edge of the large city , rise up the side of the mountain . improvise mass grave surround they . the wind mourn . it be a haunt place . 140 . zachry valleysman stay clear ’o here . place oxtear and sick’birth an’ mukelung . angry ances’try buri have here . can not you hear be wailin’ ? meronym it 's jus 'a wind . in the darkness of a bomb building , in a hole like a ruin scream mouth , Zachry see Old georgie . zachry ( whisper ) say 's you . the devil smile and be go . int . aurora house - basement - day - year 2009 cavendish steal himself and push open the door . Three face gather around a makeshift table , look up . it be ernie , veronica and mr. meek . Veronica smile . veronica I tell you he have come . cavendish be not sure what to say . zachry ( v.o. ) can I ask a que ’un ? ext . mountainside - night - year 2321 the flame of the campfire lick at Zachry who sit with one eye on the darkness beyond . meronym yay . zachry you really be not feary of ' meetin 's Old georgie when we get to the summit , like Truman nape ? meronym I more scaresome ' bout the weather then Old georgie . 141. zachry you do not b’lief he 's real ? meronym he be not real for I , but that do not mean he can not be real for you . zachry but who trip the fall , if it be not Old georgie ? she look at he , know this be move towards dangerous ground . meronym the true-true ? he nod . meronym ( cont ’d ) the Old un . it do not make any sense . zachry what ? that 's jus 'a ’rope o’smoke . the Old un get the smart . they master sick and seed , they make miracle and fly ' cross the sky . meronym true . all true . but they get somethin’ else . a hunger 'o they heart and that hunger be stronger 'o all they smart . zachry Hunger for what ? meronym a hunger for more . ext . cambridge college - day - year 1931 a young sixsmith cross the campus tear open the latest letter from frobisher . frobisher ( v.o. ) divorce . very messy affair . I tell ayr I would sleep on he proposal . of course , I lie . 142. int . cambridge college - sixsmith 's room - day - year 1931 sixsmith start to pack , throw only bare essential into a bag . frobisher ( v.o . ) two thing become clear . hanging myself from Zedelghem 's flagpole be preferable to let that parasite plunder my talent a day longer and I must complete my sextet . I can not do it here , so tonight I plan to make my escape . sixsmith slam open the door , racing from the room . int . train car - day - year 1931 the letter be still in sixsmith 's hand as he stare out the window think about how he should have do this a long time ago . frobisher ( v.o . ) '' it will end in tear . '' you warn I . I suppose I be as hopeless as Adam ewing , oblivious to all the unspeakable form lie in wait for we round history 's corner . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - night - year 1846 Close on ewing 's swollen hand ; he ring finger be a disturbing shade of blue as Goose clamp he metal plier into place . ewing ( v.o. ) my condition worsen with the change of weather . my finger be so swollen that Henry be force to cut my wedding ring lest it prevent circulation and the onset of dropsy . the idea of lose this symbol distress I beyond measure . goose do not be a silly puffin , Adam . I be sure you wife would set you health and the survival of you finger above a metal loop . clack . the heavy plier bite through the wedding band . 143 . Goose slide off the ring and inspect it . goose ( cont ’d ) besides , I know a excellent Spanish goldsmith who work with such alacrity that you tilda may not have to know it be ever remove . he smile in the sway lamp - light while slip the ring into he vest pocket . int . aurora house - boiler room - day - year 2009 Ernie fill four glass with irish malt . Ernie , veronica and mr. meek sit with cavendish in the secret clubhouse . ernie first problem we get be the problem of trust . mr meek I know , I know . ernie we could use code name but truth be , I have probably be the first to forget mine . so , Mr. cavendish , this be Veronica costello and Mr. meek . veronica pleasure . mr meek I know , I know . they raise they glass in toast . ernie to trust . they drink . cavendish be nearly overcome with pleasure . cavendish ahhh ... like rain on the serengeti . how have you get it ? ernie I have get a few trick leave up the sleeve as noake - sey and she knuckle - dragger will soon discover . ( more ) 144 . ernie ( cont 'd ) but be warn , most jail - break be stillborn , snuffed before they even get start -- loose lip sink ship . mr meek I know , I know . cavendish what about the parrot , then ? if ever there be a likely songbird . veronica Mr. meek be a fine and honorable gentleman . he would never betray we . she kiss he forehead . mr meek I know , I know . ernie besides no one 's ever hear he say anything else . cavendish then why do you need I ? why be not he you third man ? veronica we be not sure he want to go . ernie more to the point , any jailbreak 's a risky proposition . one little cock up and we be dangle at she majesty 's pleasure . s’truth , we be not sure ol 's meeksey 's up to snuff . question be , old man , be you ? cavendish know the answer to that question . ext . transport tube - day - year 2144 the enforcer helicopter roar after the delivery transport . it glide up to the side of the tube , maneuver with hawk - like grace so that the enforcer be look at chang . enforcer pilot # 1 unanimity require you compliance . stop you vehicle and prepare to be board . 145 . the voice be hear both outside and inside chang 's transport . chang begin gesture wildly . chang mok-tang non sungh ! bim-bop ! enforcer pilot # 2 what do he say ? chang sungh nar - bar , bar-sungh ! bim -bop , nack -bop ! enforcer pilot # 1 fuckin 's migrant monkey - talk . enforcer pilot # 2 why do they hire this greasy fuck - wit ? enforcer pilot # 1 this be you first and only warning . stop now or we will open fire . enforcer pilot # 2 like anyone would give a shit if we smoke a illegal . chang ja-yah ! ja-yah ! chang hit the decel and the transport slow while the bullet - like enforcer car race towards they . chang move into the cargo section . in a plastic crate he find several weapon and supplies . he grab a roll of medical tape . sonmi-451 hae-joo ... she have rise partially from she hide spot and watch he as he tear a piece of tape . sonmi -451 ( cont ’d ) I can not go back to that place . he nod gravely . chang it will not happen . you have my word . 146 . he reload the charge in he gun . int . ayr 's chateau - night - year 1931 the door of ayr 's bedroom creep open ; a knife blade of light cut into the darkness . a shadow steal across the room . ayr sleep peacefully while frobisher stealthily slide open the drawer of he nightstand . Inside the gun gleam , nestle in a chamois cloth , beside a saucer of bullet . frobisher ( v.o. ) the room stank of bitter medicine . have to fight off a unaccountably strong urge to open ayr 's throat with my pen knife . not quite deja vu , more jamais vu . he take the saucer of bullet which rattle as he slip they into he pocket . ayr stir but do not wake . then , he take the gun . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) curiously heavy thing , gun . why do I take it exactly ? can not say . a intuition . a sense of significance . that from this point on , there be no go back . ext . mountainside - dusk - 2321 Zachry and meronym have stop along a old ruin road cut into the mountainside . they path end where a bridge have crumble away into a rocky chasm . meronym take out a strange gun from she bag and look up as a light snow have begin to fall , zig - zag in the gust wind . meronym from the look of that cloud , we do not have a lot of time . she aim the gun and fire a grapple hook up and across the chasm . it catch on a knot of rusting re-bar . 147 . zachary whaaaah ! she hand he the rope . meronym you first . he look up and know what 's wait for he . Zachry scale the rope a fierce wind bite into he with the sting of shard of glass . he slip and zipper open the skin in he palm . when he reach the crest , he stomach drop at the site of they destination ; a array of monolithic tower loom ominously against a roiling black sky . the threaten blizzard swirl like a snow globe . below he see meronym 's climb be go harder . Zachry begin hand over hand pull she up to help . his hand burn with the effort . when she be almost to the top , the strain force bead of sweat on he brow , Zachry look up , time slow to a halt . sparkle snowflake freeze in the air if they be a snap shot . old georgie Zachry the cowardy , you trodd 'o on the Devil 's ground now , vall ’ysman . Zachry turn and along the ridge he see Old georgie swish snowflake out of he way as he close in on he . his eye gleam unnaturally as he crane he spindly body forward and hiss . old georgie ( cont ’d ) I be sayin’ this jus 's once . the offlander be not gettin’ to the top . you let - go that rope . Zachry look down at the freeze meronym dangle twenty foot above the rocky ground . 148 . old georgie ( cont ’d ) her fall may not kill she when I let time flow again , but they rock b' low will bust she spine ' n ' leg a ' she will not s’rive the night . i’1l let she consider she 'follyin' . zachry why not jus 's kill she yerself , then ? Old georgie bellow . old georgie why - why - why ? I want you to do it , a ' here 's why - why - why . see , if you do not let - ~ go that rope , she ’1ll be leadin 's you straight into a place there be not no return , I promise . ai not nothing in there for a soul to do but rot , forev 'ri 'o then some . jus 's ask ol 's Truman nape when ya’ see /m . a chill hit Zachry . old georgie ( cont ’d ) so you ever wanna see catkin again , you best let - go that rope . zachry no bolt - hole out o' this . old georgie I be countin ' to’three ... one ... Zachry about to let go , look down at meronym , blood ooze from between he clench fist . old georgie ( cont ’d ) two ... a sudden flash of autua 's bloody hand burst before he . Zachry whisper to himself . zachry '' hand 'a ’bleedin’ , mus ant let go . '' old georgie Three ! Old georgie 's eye bore into he . 149 . zachry no ! he heave on the rope . Old georgie 's angry scream become the furious wind as time resume and Zachry haul meronym to safety . meronym thank you , Zachry . that 's a bleary fearsome wind . they stand close enough to feel the warmth of each other 's body . zachry we best keep move . int . ayr 's chateau - frobisher 's room - night - year 1931 frobisher be pack furiously . the gun be on the bed . he be so intent on what he be do , he do not notice the door swing open revealing ayr , still in he bed-shirt . ayr what be you do , boy ? frobisher be startle . ayr ( cont ’d ) I think I make myself clear . frobisher do what you want , but I be leave . he pack the last of he thing . ayr see the manuscript for the sextet . ayr Fine , frobisher . go. but I x11 take this . he snatch the sheaf of papers . frobisher feel as if he just tore the heart from he chest . frobisher give I that ! ayr consider it redress for what you have put I and my family through . 150 . frobisher I be warning you , old man -- ayr under the condition of this relationship , I be certainly within my legal rights . if I be you , I have pack my bag and go . frobisher goddamn you ! he grab the gun from the bed and thrust it at ayr . frobisher ( cont ’d ) give it to I or I swear to god , I will kill you as you stand . ayr step towards the barrel of the gun . ayr give I the gun , frobisher - - frobisher I x11 kill you -- ayr please . you be a degenerate and a coward . you will not pull that trigger . you kind never do . he continue to move closer until he grab hold of the gun . frobisher no ! the man begin to fight for control of the weapon until -- it go off , the sharp metal clap startling both of they -- the shell of the bullet bounce on the wood floor with the sound of a delicate chime . it roll under the bed , where we can see the foot of the two man . ayr stagger back from frobisher . blood drip on to the floor . ayr crumple to he knee as frobisher shuffles , grab he thing and the manuscript and then run . as we pan with he we see a tatter book wedge under the short bed - post -- 151 . it be the lose half of the '' Pacific Journal of Adam ewing . '' int . the prophetess - ewing 's cabin - day - year 1846 Goose enter Adam 's quarter 's . Adam look like a breathe corpse . Goose search for a moment . he try to open a metal lock box but he need a key . Adam stir . goose how fare we worm today Adam ? ewing +-. I be afraid it have take the best of I . goose nonsense . he examine he , look into he eye . goose ( cont ’d ) although I must admit , this treatment be go on much longer than I anticipate . perhaps it be time for one big dose , full strength and finish this once and for all . int . transport - day - year 2144 the enforcer bullet car surround the transport . in tactical formation , they attack , rip open the door and penetrate the truck bay while -- chang lift he arm in confuse hysteria . chang nong-ire ! nong-ire ! lead enforcer scan he . another enforcer aim a scanner and a red beam sweep across chang . scan enforcer negative sir . definite illegal . 152 . he speak loudly and slowly . lead enforcer do-you-have -work -visa ! work -visa ! the scanner continue to sweep the room , the beam close in on sonmi 's hide place . chang magha-lung , hun sugh ja - Visa ! lead enforcer what the fuck be he say ? do someone have a transcom ? scan enforcer Sir ! second life form ! lead enforcer what ? where ? before he can answer chang attack , every move like the crisp metallic , precision of a chamber bullet -- the gun tape to the back of he neck , rip free -- explode dum - dum bullet transform face into meaty carmine anemone . the back - up enforcer counter but chang be impossibly fast , leaping for cover , close with predatory focus as they panic , praying and spraying wildly . int . enforcer hovercraft - day - year 2144 they be listen to the firefight on they com-link . enforcer pilot # 1 status ! squad leader report ! do you require assistance ? what 's happen down there ? more gunshot and scream . enforcer pilot # 1 ( cont ’d ) fuck this . Light ‘em up . ext . transport tube - day - year 2144 the hovercraft open fire , they weapon like a anti-aircraft cannon combine with a chain gun . 153 . the destructive force shatter the high density tube and reduce the transport to alpine swiss . chang cover sonmi protect she with he own flesh as they can do nothing but hope for it to end . finally it do . int . enforcer hovercraft - day - year 2144 the co-pilot check he scanner . enforcer pilot # 2 I get nothing sir . no movement . six dead enforcer and -- wait ! I get movement ! int . transport - day - year 2144 chang hoist a home - make rocket launcher from the crate to he shoulder . before the hovercraft react , he stand and fire out the hole blow in the side of the truck and the tube . the pilot try to dodge the missile but the tail be hit , explode , send the hovercraft into a wild spin descent . enforcer pilot # 1 mayday ! mayday ! we be hit ! go down ! the terrorist be still at large ! chang toss the rocket launcher and reach for sonmi who be too stunne to even move . sonmi-451 who be you ? chang Commander hae -joo chang . first Science Officer of the Union Rebellion . sonmi-451 why be you do this ? chang because I believe that you have the power to change this world . ( more ) 154 . chang ( cont 'd ) but to do that , I have to keep you alive . we must go . now . int . satellite communication CENTER - dusk - year 2321 a door that have not be open for a century crack slowly . Dust immediately rise up in agitation . meronym use a glo-light as she lead Zachry into the facility . a ancient security guard sit like a mummy , perfectly preserve , he eyeless eye stare at they as they pass . zachry what be this place ? meronym before the fall , the Old un build dwellin beyo n’a sky , ' mong the star . they use this place to send message there . zachry like a prayer to sonmi ? meronym yay . zachry be that why we come ? to send a prayer ? meronym yay . zachry what do a prescient need t’pray for ? meronym same thing a valleysman pray for . she look at he . meronym ( cont ’d ) help . int . break - room , aurora house - day - year 2009 deirdre , a sexless automaton , be watch the home shopping channel on a flicker television . 155 . she reach for she cell phone to buy a commemorative princess Di plate , when a frantic Veronica round the corner . veronica hurry ! they be go to kill each other ! deirdre lunge from she chair . int . dine room , aurora house - day - year 2009 cavendish and Ernie stand , snarling at one another , between they each with unbudge grip on a single chocolate pudding cup . a crowd have gather . ernie I be warning you , cavendish ! get yer fuggin’ hand offa my pudding cup ! cavendish '' you '' pudding cup !? you have already eat yours , you Alzheimer 's riddled lout ! ernie you eat my jell - of yesterday ! a deal 's a deal ! cavendish I never agree to that term ! ernie leggo , ya’ dos cunt ! cavendish never ! deirdre and Veronica cut through the crowd . deirdre alright you two -- as she move to separate they , all Hell break loose . Ernie grab a condiment cup of mustard from he tray and shove it hard into cavendish 's face . cavendish scream . 156 . cavendish aaaaaaagggghhh -- hot dijon !!!! my eye !!! help -- somebody help I !!! cavendish sink he tooth into Ernie 's hand still clutching the cup of pudding . Ernie scream . they grapple as deirdre try to wedge herself between the two . tables and chair topple in the fraca when finally with the help of a couple of orderly they be separate , huffing and puffing . as they be drag away they both surreptitiously look back to Veronica , who signal to they with a gentle swipe of a finger across the bridge of she nose . they look at each other and smile . Veronica turn to leave she hand slip deirdre 's cell phone into she pocket . int . transport tube - day - year 2144 chang , he body laid out as though riding a high - power motorcycle , weave the enforcer bullet car through the thicken traffic . sonmi lay on top of he , she eye bulg as they barely miss several vehicle . behind they several hovercraft close fast . chang tap he com-link implant . chang this be Prophet one . abort. repeat- abort . he click the link off . sonmi -451 what do that mean ? chang there be a plan . but that plan be fuck . sonmi-451 what be you go to do ? chang everything I can . 157 . the car swerve through a tube flow in the opposite direction -- bank away into a tangle of building as the hovercraft lose sight of they for a moment . int . transport tube - day - year 2144 he dive the bullet car down through a '' cargo tube '' where large , slow vehicle transport goods . he slip and slide through they , move like a mouse try to stay out of sight but no matter where he go -- he be still stick in a hamster tube . a hovercraft sight he and again the enforcer converge . accelerate , he hit a intersection and bank like a luge sled -- head into a building 's docking bay -- disappear from sight . int . docking BAY - day - year 2144 several gate be block the way but chang open fire , the car 's gun shredd most of the obstacle -- aiming the car straight into the blast roller door . chang hang on . she squeeze tightly to he as they impact -- crash through the door into the building . ext . old build - day - year 2144 several of the larger hovercraft set down , enforcer beetling out , swarm around the building . int . docking BAY - day - year 2144 push open the bullet car sleeve , chang help sonmi crawl out of the wreckage . 158. int . old build - hall - day - year 2144 use they scanner , the enforcer search the building . scan enforcer we be close . I get they . in there ! they burst into a room , vision - goggle illuminate the dark room where they find sonmi . she raise she hand as they scream at she , aim they weapon --— not pay attention to the shadow move behind they . chang attack , kill several with he hand , the last two with a gun . chang in here . enforcer react to the violence swarm towards they . int . old build - bathroom - day - year 2144 chang lead she into a bathroom . he check the wall with a orison orb , then pull out he gun . he open fire on the wall . int . old build - hall - day - year 2144 the enforcer hear the gunfire and race towards it . int . old build - bathroom - day - year 2144 a large pvc pipe have a hole blow in it . vapor that burn sonmi 's eye pour out of it . sonmi-451 what be that ? chang look into it . Far below black water ripple . chang we way out . he yank off the hide flak jacket . chang ( cont ’d ) it 's a sewer overflow . whatever you do , do not open you eye or you mouth . ( more ) 159 . chang ( cont 'd ) hold you breath as long as you can . i’1l find you and get you out . they can hear the boot of the enforcer . chang ( cont 'd ) do you trust I ? she nod . he jump into the tube and disappear . a moment later there be a thick splash . the side of the pipe drip with fece . the smell be overwhelming . the enforcer find the room as she be still clamber into the pipe . enforcer do not move ! she let go -- falling down into a shit-line abyss until -- splash . int . volkswagen beetle - night - year 1973 luisa jolt awake . her car still sink ; the water seeping in through the window , be fill to she waist . she try not to panic . she grab the handle of the window and start unrol it . as she do the water begin pour in . very quickly the water rise to she chest . the window be only open six inch when -- the handle snap off . she scream . the water keep pour in . she climb over to the other door and start try to unroll that window . the water rise past she neck . the handle get tangle in the seat belt , which float like a eel . 160 . again frustration and fear shake through she body . the water rise to she nose as she take she last breath . underwater , she grab the window and yank and shove with all she strength until -- the window break . she kick herself free of the sink car , she lung aching , kick up through the cold , silent liquid obsidian until - - she burst out the surface . zachry ( v.0 . ) nay , the dead never stay dead . open you ear and they never stop a’yibberin’ . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 more skeleton , sit or lay on the floor , as though death catch they by surprise . they skin , a ancient vellum , hang tatter from bony grin . Zachry hear they all whisper he name . meronym access the solar-cells and engage the emergency power system . light flicker on , hum like angry hornet . the room be reveal , include the dome ceiling . Zachry look up in awe at a mosaic of '' sonmi among the star . '' zachry sonmi. meronym yay . tis she . meronym continue work to try to uplink she orison to the main network . zachry the Old un worshipp have sonmi same as valleysman ? she consider she answer . meronym nay , not ' zactly same as . 161 . zachry differin 's how ? she stop what she be do . meronym do you want the true-true ? int . luisa 's apartment build - hallway - night - year 1973 javier peek around the corner , rise up the stair and stroll '' casually '' down to the far end where he check around the far corner . see no one he hurry back to the stair . javier ( whisper ) all clear . luisa , still soggy and shiver , slip out of the shadow and up the stair . luisa rey thanks , javier . javier no sweat . we be partner . but you gotta tell I what 's happen . she head down the hall to she apartment door . luisa rey no way . can not . javier I know it 's something big . do it have to do with that letter ? luisa rey javier -- javier come on ! you be in trouble . I can help . I can watch you back , unless you want to keep go for midnight swim . she sigh . he might be able to help or she just do not have the strength to resist he right now . 162. luisa rey all right . let I take a shower , get some sleep and I x11 tell you what I get in the morning . he shake he head disappointed . javier okay but I hope you realize you just say exactly what every character in any decent mystery say right before they get kill . she open she door . luisa rey good night javier . int . luisa 's apartment - night - year 1973 she close the door behind she and put all three lock on . drop she bag , she head straight for the shower , as a shadow cross behind she -- a man wear black leather glove . int . flophouse - shower - night - year 2144 Brown , clumpy filth swirl into the shower drain as rivulet of waste run down sonmi 's body . numb , she lean in the corner , let the water pour over she . her expression suggest a vague understanding that there be thing that have happen to she that she will never be able to wash away . meronym ( v.o. ) sonmi 's not a god . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 meronym choose she word carefully . meronym she born an_dy hundred o’ year ago on a far ’way pen’sula deadlland now . 163. zachry what ? meronym I know valleysman balief 's . I know the abbess teach have you sonmi be a mir’cle , birthed o’ the god o’ smart name darwin but it be not the true-true . Zachry be pace , a jittery anxiousness bubbling he blood . meronym ( cont ’d ) her life be sad 'nqjudase and she die tryin' to change the Old - un thinkin’ . Old georgie emerge behind Zachry from the shadow . old georgie liiiiiiy ... nothin’ but lie . zachry nay ... nay , you lyin’ . meronym touch the orison and suddenly sonmi appear from the recorder interrogation . Zachry 's eye go wide . zachry ( cont 'd ) sonmi ... meronym b'fore she die she speak to a orison ' bout she act anddeedin 's . her word ' minder 'my what 's the true-true . I keep they with I all time . old georgie I tell you o’ true -true -- tha 's jus 'a trick ! how long you goin’ lissin t’this ?! how long you goin 's jus 's stand there a ’let a stranger keep fuggin’ you balief up 'ot down 'o in ’n’out ! his hand tighten around the hilt of he spiker . 164 . int . luisa 's apartment - night - year 1973 as luisa reach for the light switch , the glove man emerge from the shadow and grab she from behind , cover she mouth . she try to scream but it 's too late . Napier hold luisa tight . napier if I be try to kill you , you have already be dead . I swear I be not go to hurt you . I just want to talk . he slowly start to relax when she attack -- stomp on he foot , smash the back of she head into he face -- he stagger back , he reflex faster than most , but not fast enough as -- a switchblade snap open and be jamme under he neck , tight to he jugular . luisa rey now if I be try to kill you , you would already be dead ! how 's that feel ? great conversation starter , be not it ? he start to laugh . luisa rey ( cont 'd ) you think it 's funny ? napier you be lester rey 's daughter , that 's for goddamn sure . the mention of she father , catch she off-guard . luisa rey you know my father ? napier he get I my first job on the force . luisa rey you be a cop ? 165 . napier be . luisa rey what be you do work for Seaboard ? napier same as you , slinging hash for spyglass . luisa rey yeah well , I do not have to assault people for my job . napier I be not here for Seaboard . I be here because of you father . I do not know if you 'il even believe I , but I come here to tell you the truth . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 meronym shut off the orison , watch Zachry . meronym you a’right , Zachry ? he nod at she , something primitive and dark hide behind he eye . meronym ( cont ’d ) I get to do some sivvin’ not fixin’ on this here smart , okay ? he nod again as we reveal Old georgie whisper in he ear . old georgie ohhhhh , yeah ... I see now . she go to the large control panel and use she orison to begin diagnose whether it be still operable . Zachry continue to stare at she . old georgie ( cont 'd ) I see the what ’s’what . you be not drop that rope cause you ’a’lustin’ for that darkly , sweet ’meat . zachry shut y’hole ! 166 . meronym turn . she can tell something be wrong . meronym do you want 'a wait ou ’side , Zachry ? zachry nay . I be fine . finish you sussin ! she return to she work while try to keep a eye on he . Old georgie smile . old georgie do not worry , bro . you be not the first to juda you people for the flesh of jezabel . Zachry shoot he a look . old georgie ( cont ’d ) I cog it all , now . this whore , with she cokeynut skin , and she slywise mask , smilin’ not wormin’ she way into you trust so you bring she here , scavin ’n’sivvin for what ? for what boy ? he lean in close to whisper in Zachry 's ear . old georgie ( cont ’d ) they want the island . the prescient want it all . you judasing you kin helpin’ she out . she be not you tribe ! she be not even you color ! she ignore you yarn 'n_way , spinnin’n ’spoutin she whoahsomse lie and you lap it up . the suspicion that georgie be right begin to affect Zachry . old georgie ( cont ’d ) yay , you doin 's it again , jus’like you lead the kona to Adam . you weak ’n’stoopit , standin’ there like she dog while she spring she trap . you a coward , through and through , a soul - stone coward . the word hiss between he clench tooth . zachry I be not a coward . 167 . old georgie ai not you ? then do sumthin’ ! stop she ! take you spiker a ’slit she throat . that 's what y’pa have do . that 's what Adam have do . protect you tribe ! kill she ! now , b’fore it 's too late ! sweat dapple he lip . panic swim in he eye . he know he have to do something . he rip the spiker from its sheath and stalk up behind meronym who never see he come . int . luisa 's apartment build - night - year 1974 luisa remove the switchblade from he throat . luisa rey grimaldi be dead ? what about Isaac ? napier sach ? go . no survivor . luisa have to sit down . Napier give she just a brief moment to digest this . napier ( cont 'd ) the plane crash be not a accident . grimaldi be another threat , like sixsmith , like you , so they take he out . luisa rey ( shake ) why ? napier because he believe in nuclear power . luisa rey I be not follow you . napier ultimately grimaldi be plan to fix the hydra reactor . that 's why he be go to Washington . Lloyd hook do not want that to happen . luisa rey Lloyd hook ? 168. napier Nixon 's former '' Energy guru '' , now ceo of Seaboard , Incorporated . but apparently run swannekke be not that big a job because he 's still pull a seven- figure paycheck from he former gig at kma consult . luisa rey I have hear of they . napier recently implicate in financing of the military coup of chile and assassination of salvatore allende . insubstantial evidence . clear of charge . they client list be a who 's who of Big oil . a shiver run down she spine as she see it come into focus . napier ( cont ’d ) yeah , you get that look like you father use to get . you see it , do not you ? they do not want the reactor to be fix they want it to fail . they want the explosion , the chaos and carnage and the more death the better . they want endless news report , month of radiation level , and evacuation because they know , this bastard know , if it be bad enough , it will be the end of nuclear power . and that 's what Big oil want . see ? this be not about one power station ; this be about the future of this country . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 Zachry rush at meronym , he spiker slashing as she turn -- he slam she against the wall , the knife tight to she throat . zachry stop ! he blink suddenly uncertain now that he be close to she , actually touch she . 169 . zachry ( cont ’d ) can not cogg o’ thing , word 'o 's worrin like a wasp 's nest poke have ’n’prod have by you ! meronym what be you o’ fearyin’ Zachry ? zachry you come elbowin 's 'o to we life , yibberin’n 's yabberin’ ' bout true - true but never tellin’ the hole true . I wa n’to cogg what you doin 's ! she speak calmly . meronym I tell you . I come t’send a plea o’ help . zachry help o’ what ? to steal we land ?! to kill ’n’slave we all ?! what do you want ?! meronym same as ev’ry ’un want ... a home . one look into she eye and he know she be tell the truth . int . flophouse - night - year 2144 sonmi stare out the window at the electric urban sprawl . sonmi-451 what be this place ? chang a temporary safe-house . we 'il spend the night . tomorrow I will take you to the General . sonmi -451 the General ? chang the leader of the Union Rebellion . sonmi-451 what do he want with I ? chang stand beside she . 170 . chang he believe the key to over - — throw this government be the ascendency of a fabricant . such a event would destroy one of unanimity 's core belief ; that a clone 's life be worth less than a pureblood . she look away from he . sonmi-451 be that what you believe ? he step close to she , shaking he head . chang no ... that 's not something I believe . it 's something I know . int . luisa 's apartment build - night - year 1973 luisa sit on that stool in she hallway and stare Napier down . luisa rey how do I know you be not lie to I ? he shrug . napier you be lester rey 's daughter . he could smell bullshit a mile away . she take a moment before ask the next question . luisa rey do you think they will ... try again ? napier I know they will . luisa rey I have get friend on the force . napier wo not matter . in this business we get a say , '' everybody cross the street . '' she imagine what that mean . 171 . luisa rey what do you think I should do ? napier if you be smart , you will take my advice : pack you bag , go to the airport , pick somewhere very far away and start over . he reach under he coat to the small of he back and pull out a gun . napier ( cont ’d ) Problem be you be not smart . you be lester rey 's daughter which mean you be gonna do something stupid . I assume you know how to use one of this ? she watch herself take the gun as if it be someone else . napier ( cont ’d ) I doubt it will help but it might give you a fight chance . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 meronym have part of the control board work . meronym Cross ’ur finger 'n'toe . she wave she finger above the shimmer light project by the orison air- port connect to the main board . light flash and blink . a alarm sound and Zachry get nervous like a horse in a thunder storm . deep inside the bowel of the building , machinery rumble ; a waking gear golem shrugging off a eon of sleep . ext . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 the top of the station open a series of sphere inside of sphere , layer of a onion , that rachet back , reversing onto itself as each become the underside of a enormous satellite dish . 172 . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 the machine whine down as it finish beam its gamma ray message . zachry be it do ? she nod . meronym now we jus 'a hope we be not alone . int . flophouse - night - year 2144 they stand as silhouettes against the cacophony of kaleidoscopic light . chang be you all right ? she shake she head . sonmi -451 I be ... afraid . chang of what ? she look at he . sonmi - 451 to ask you for something ? he wait stand close enough to feel she breath on he lip . sonmi -451 ( cont 'd ) I know it be forbidden ... I have never be kiss . he take she face in he hand and kiss she , tenderly . her head swim . chang do you know how long I have want to do that ? she shake she head . chang ( cont ’d ) too long . 173. she kiss he back like someone take they first drink of water after be lose in a desert . they help with each other 's clothes until they be both naked . she realize something and it stop she . sonmi -451 I have never see a pureblood naked . you be beautiful . chang so be you . a lightness fill she heart and she kiss he again . they begin to make love in the glow of the twinkle light . ext . bruge tower - dawn - year 1931 the sun rise be so beautiful from the top of the tower , frobisher feel he eye soften to tear . frobisher ( v.o. ) sixsmith , do not worry , all be well . all be so perfectly , damnably well ! wish I could make you see this brightness . I climb the step of the bruge tower every morning and all become clear . as the sun reach she pink finger into the sky , the distant sound of the waking city become the music frobisher hear in he head ; he sextet . int . luisa 's apartment build - night - year 1973 luisa lay on she couch , re-read frobisher 's letter . frobisher ( v.o. ) boundary between noise and sound be convention . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 ewing shiver and writhes , he sweat flesh twisted into agonizing knot . Goose watch from the shadow doorway as if enjoy a work of art , a romantic era depiction of suffer . 174 . frobisher ( v.o. ) all boundary be convention , wait to be transcend . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2321 Zachry and meronym begin they descent . frobisher ( v.o. ) one may transcend any convention if only one can first conceive of do so . ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 it be the middle of the night . cavendish be dress and pack he bag -- place inside with care , '' half -live ; a luisa rey mystery . '' frobisher ( v.o. ) at moment like this , I can feel you heart beat as clearly as I feel mine own ... int . flophouse - night - year 2144 sonmi and chang make love . frobisher ( v.o. ) --.and I know that separation be a illusion . int . china shop - day - year 1931 Close on the ceramic St. George and the Dragon . it be the same as the one in ayr 's music room . frobisher ( v.o . ) my life extend far beyond the limitation of I . frobisher look at the knight . the silence aches in he ear . when he look up , he see Young sixsmith step into the shop . he be so startle that he drop the knight . 175 . when it hit , instead of the noise of shatter glass , there be beautiful music , a august melody . frobisher cock a eyebrow . a statue of a boy play attract he . he nudge it off the shelf . again there be music . sixsmith smile and he push a vase . the music swell into a sweeping symphony as they destroy the entire shop . ext . ferry - day - year 1931 sixsmith wake from he dream . the crew be ringing the ready bell as they prepare to dock in bruge . ext . bruge - day - year 1931 Close on a newspaper . the article headline read , '' maestro recovering . assailant still at large . '' frobisher sneer . frobisher maestro , my ass . as he take a sip of coffee he look out across the crowded square and see - two police officer head towards the cafe . hiding behind he paper he wait for they to pass . when they do , he quickly slip away . ext . huamdonggil checkpoint - night - year 2144 sonmi follow chang through the crowded checkpoint . like Tijuana , people be allow easy access for leave the conurb ; sonmi see the heavily armed enforcer on the other side of the fence . a noxious maze of low , crooked ramshack , flophouse , pawnshop , drug bar , and comfort hive , cover perhaps five square mile southeast of Old Seoul Transit Station . its street be narrow , choke with pedestrian and bicycle ; its alley reek of waste and sewage . pureblood slump in doorway , they skin ravage by the acid rain . a be that look like a child lap water from a dirty puddle . 176 . chang stay close to I . fabricant often get snatch here . sonmi-451 why ? chang slave labor . sex trade . anything and everything . sonmi-451 this be where you General life ? chang smile . chang this be where Union be bear . int . madame ovid 's - night - year 2144 Close as a scalpel slice along the tip of sonmi 's index finger . she inhale sharply . the implanter dig into she finger and remove a strip of nanotech . sonmi-451 what be that ? implanter you identity . he take another strip from he tray and stick it into the bloody slice . sonmi react , but it 's over quickly as he spray she finger with coag stop the bleed immediately . sonmi-451 who be I now ? chang who would you like to be ? ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 D - Day . everything be quiet as the staff finish '' light out . '' a dark figure move lithely across the grounds . 177 . cavendish ( v.o. ) when the ghastly ordeal of timothy cavendish be turn into a film , I advise thee , director dearest , whom I picture as a intense , turtleneck swede name lar , when casting the part of the hero of this tale , one timothy cavendish , please make sure the thespian in question be classically train . I be think Sir laurence olivier with a dash of Michael caine . int . boiler room , aurora house - night - year 2009 cavendish coolly enter the boiler room carefully look back one final time to make sure he be not follow . Ernie check he watch . ernie last chance to back out if you do not think you can hack it . cavendish I have never back out of anything in my life . Ernie smile then turn and unscrew the ventilation unit pull deirdre 's mobile telephone from its hide place . ernie well let 's hear the master bullshitter work he magic . the number in the display stare up at he and he hit send . a sleepy voice answer . hotchkiss ( 0.s. ) whatizzit ? cavendish ah , yes , Mr. hotchkiss ? hotchkiss ( 0.s. ) speak . you be ? cavendish smile . cavendish Dr. conway , aurora House . I be cover for Dr. upward . 178 . hotchkiss ( 0.s. ) Jesus , have something happen to mother ? cavendish I be afraid so , Mr. hotchkiss . you must steel yourself , I do not think she will make it to the morning . if you would like to say goodbye , I suggest you come quickly . int . madame ovid 's - night - year 2144 a pair of laser plier be use to cut through the collar encircle sonmi 's neck . it come off and sonmi feel a vertigo spin through she body . she touch she own neck for the first time in she life . as she do , we notice a comet - shape birthmark that be hide beneath the collar . chang smile . chang how 's that feel ? sonmi -451 strange ... frightening but ... good . chang that 's it . you be ready . sonmi - 451 for what ? chang to meet the General . there be a knock at the door . int . luisa 's apartment build - night - year 1973 luisa open the door revealing javier who smile as bright as the sun . javier so you survive the night . cool . luisa rey do not you ever go to school ? 179 . javier Walt Whitman drop out of elementary school . ditto Mark twain . there 's no win against javier . luisa rey what do you want for breakfast ? javier grape nut . banana if you get it . he come in , close the door behind he . ext . mah - jongg house - night - year 2144 chang knock on a door hide at the end of a nameless alley . the electric eye in the door open , stare at they . chang it 's chang . after a moment of deliberation , the door unbolt and open . a large man who could be a fabricant , escort they inside . sonmi see the gun bulg under he coat . int . mah - jongg house - night - year 2144 chang and sonmi enter and be escort through a maze of smoky room fill with ugly face float above they clatter tile . they escort be wear blood stain body armor yet no one blink a eye . in a back room the door be bolt . a ancient brazier hum with modern circuity . a sphere of dark sheen and refracted silence aquify all the surround noise . in the center of the room a young boy appear , like a ghost . his voice be that of a old man . an-kor apis sonmi-451 . I be sorely thankful to see you still alive and truly honore to meet you . I be General a - kor apis , leader of Union . 180 . unsure how to react , sonmi bow . an-kor apis ( cont ’d ) I apologize for the sim-com but my advisor assure I it be a necessary precaution . I be also force to be brief . I know you have many question but let I begin with the how . sonmi stare through the light gauze of smoke . an-kor apis ( cont ’d ) year ago a psychogenomicist name yusouf Suleiman prove that fabricant be capable of the same consciousness as any pureblood . he be reward for the discovery of this scientific truth with imprisonment , execution and the eradication of any evidence suggest the success of he experiment . int . luisa 's apartment build - day - year 1973 javier sit on the couch , crunching grape nut . javier so , do you know who do it ? luisa be make a fruit salad in the kitchen . luisa rey do what ? javier who try to off ya ? luisa rey Jesus , javier -- javier what ? it 's the truth , be not it ? luisa rey it 's not what I want to talk about right now . he look at the letter spread out on the coffee table . javier be they after this letter ? 181. luisa rey no. javier what do they want ? luisa rey it 's ... complicated . int . mah - jongg house - night - year 2144 the General light a cigarette , the real and virtual smoke layer on each other . an-kor apis a high rank genomicist inside the Ministry of Science and commerce be sympathetic to we cause . it be he that supply we with Suleiman 's formula . the rest of the detail be superficial ; the use of shell and intrigue to secure a legitimate research license , as well as the necessary front to instream the catalyst at papa song , all make legal by the unwitting help of a University doctoral candidate . sonmi-451 boom-sook . an-kor apis a unfortunate bit of collateral damage . I be afraid the success of you sentience catch we all off guard . sonmi - 451 ++.and yoona ? an-kor apis a tragedy to be sure , that will be remember only with the success of we Revolution . sonmi-451 General apis ... I be just a dinery server . I be not genome to alter history . an-kor apis no revolutionary ever be . 182. int . corridor , aurora house - night - year 2009 cavendish be stand sentinel in Mr. meek 's room watch he own room just across the hall through the crack in the door . cavendish ( v.o. ) Ernie 's plan be a series of toppling domino . the first of which have fall predictably and flawlessly . but the third be a crapshoot and could fall in unwelcome direction . at a quarter past ten Ernie go to reception to announce my death to nurse noake . the big unknown lay in nurse noake 's personal loathing for I . would she rush to see she enemy fall , to stick a hatpin in my neck to check I be truly dead ? or celebrate in style first ? Mr. meek watch over cavendish 's shoulder as hurried soft - sole footstep echo in the hall . nurse noake stop in front of cavendish 's room , collect herself then knock . mr . meek I know , I know ... she try the handle , as cavendish silently hush he . noake Mr. cavendish ? be everything alright ? Inside she see a unmove figure under the blanket . Mr. meek rock excitedly as she step into the room . he tug on cavendish 's sleeve . cavendish turn and Mr. meek lean into he ear whisper . mr . meek do not leave I . cavendish stunne , stare at the plead , Mr. magoo- like eye . int . mah - jongg house - night - year 2144 all of the man stare at sonmi , wait for a answer . almost imperceptibly , she shake she head . 183. sonmi -451 I be sorry . I can not do what you be ask . there be a disappointed silence . an-kor apis I understand . it would be a difficult choice for anyone . ( beat ) but before you call you decision final , there be one last thing I have like you to see . he crush out he cigarette . an-kor apis ( cont ’d ) so you understand fully what we be fight for . int . corridor , aurora house - night - year 2009 cavendish turn away from the plead eye of meek with a expression that say , '' I be sorry . '' noake Mr. cavendish ? across the hall , noake switch on the light . something about the way the figure look arouse she suspicion and as she cross to the bed -- cavendish leap from meek 's room lung for the door handle . he yank the door shut but not before nurse noake grab it stop it from close . noake snarl at he . noake ( cont 'd ) I know it be too good to be true . cavendish you 'il find my comment card on my nightstand , but do not expect very favorable mark , you cantankerous witch . they both strain against the handle , cavendish 's grip slip slightly . realizing he be about to lose the tug of war , cavendish gamble and let go of the door . 184 . nurse noake not expect the sudden lack of resistance fly head over heel onto the floor . cavendish ( cont ’d ) and so adieu . the literal translate from the french meaning to commend before -- she bull - rush the door -- but cavendish quickly scurries slamm it shut rush through he speech . cavendish ( cont ’d ) god. her fist and catalog of threat beat at the door much to Mr. meek 's delight . cavendish flick the lock . int . HOTEL memling - night - year 1931 there be a furious pound on the door . HOTEL manager Mr. ewing ! Mr. ewing ! I must speak with you ! open this door -- the door crack open revealing frobisher . frobisher I ask you not to disturb I ! HOTEL manager I do apologize , Mr. ewing but this be a matter of serious consequence . frobisher yes . go on then . HOTEL manager it seem the local constable be rather vex , search as he be , high and low for this dangerous ruffian who attack the great composer vyvyan ayr . have you see the papers , Mr. ewing ? it 's quite a scandal . sense where this be go , frobisher shake he head . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) you be a composer , yourself be not you ? ( more ) 185 . HOTEL manager ( cont ’d ) they say this , Robert frobisher , that 's he name , be also a composer - frobisher what do you want ? HOTEL manager the constable ask to search my room . I know how hard you be work so I tell he there be no one on the third floor . it cost quite a bit of money to keep a entire floor empty . frobisher pull out he purse and empty it . frobisher that 's everything I have . he take the money , admire frobisher 's waistcoat . HOTEL manager that be the most beautiful waistcoat ... frobisher begin remove it while the manager smile . javier ( v.o. ) so , you think this letter be the key ? int . luisa 's apartment build - day - year 1973 luisa pour herself a cup of coffee . luisa rey no . not really . javier be still on the couch , look intently at the letter . javier but the old guy have this letter the night they offed he , so they gotta be important . luisa rey they be to he . luisa grab a spoon for she fruit salad . 186 . javier but if they be not important why do you keep read they ? he notice something and pick up a pencil . luisa rey I do not know ... maybe I be just try to understand something . he begin scribbling with the pencil . javier what ? luisa rey why we keep make the same mistake over and over . she cross to the couch with she salad and she coffee . javier maybe you should ask megan . she freeze . luisa rey what ? javier do you know a megan ? luisa rey yeah , that 's he niece . but how do you know that ? I do not tell you that ? he hold up the back of the envelope that he be rub he pencil against , highlight , '' megan sixsmith '' and she Hawaii address . javier look like he mail she something the night he die . probably use the envelope he be keep this letter in . her jaw be on the floor . javier ( cont 'd ) come on , luisa . first rule of mystery write : a good clue always lead to another clue . 187 . she rush at he , kissing he , grab the envelope . luisa rey javier , you be a fuck genius ! ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 the hotchkiss 's Range Rover roar through the automatic gate , johns hotchkiss 's wife in the drive seat . as they pass by , Ernie grab a chain and loop it around the gate , stop it from be able to close . int . reception , aurora house - night - year 2009 cavendish watch on the surveillance camera . as the car pull up , Veronica rush to meet they . veronica Mr. hotchkiss ? you mother be my dearest friend here . do hurry to she , please . the doctor think it too dangerous to move she . johns hotchkiss 's wife grab he and haul he into the building . cavendish it 's work . I can not believe it 's work . he duck just as they rush by head up the stair . as soon as they be out of sight , cavendish bolt outside . ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 cavendish climb behind the wheel of the luxury suv . it have be a while . he try to re-acclimate himself with the basic while Ernie heave they suitcase haphazardly into the back . cavendish right . yes , I see -- no , wait -- ah !-- no ... Veronica 's door slam as Ernie jump into the passenger seat . he look at cavendish . cavendish nod and reach for the key in the ignition . cavendish ( cont ’d ) I -- I do not -- ernie what be you wait for ? cavendish no key . cavendish start to panic . cavendish ( cont ’d ) no ruddy key -- ernie he always leave it in the ignition ! cavendish his wife be drive ! she take the key ! the ruddy female take the key in with she ! sweet Saint ruddy Jude , what do we do now ? 188 . Ernie look on the dashboard , in the glove compartment , on the floor . cavendish ( cont ’d ) can you hot - wire it ? ernie do not be soft ! cavendish think of something ! you be the genius ! you be the ruddy ruddy genius ! they see wither run down the nightlit corridor from the dining room annex , with two hotchkiss close behind . ernie shite ! Ernie punch the automatic lock . cavendish we be do for ! ext . luisa 's apartment build - day - year 1973 luisa exit the building . she check she watch , then hurry down the sidewalk . 189 . we watch she from inside a car . a pair of glove hand take hold of the steering wheel . the driver pull the car out and begin to follow she . ext . aurora house - night - year 2009 wither fling open the front door leaping down the step . veronica look under the sun flap ! cavendish pull down on the visor , the Range Rover key drop into he lap . ernie / cavendish yeeeeee-sss ! cavendish see they come fast he finger fumble drop the key . wither fly head - over - ass on a freeze puddle -- just as cavendish bang he head on the steering wheel , the horn sounding . veronica hurry , Tim , hurry ! wither yank at the lock door . wither I be gonna flay you arse straight into a coma if you do not open this door , cavendish ! the hotchkiss surround they car , as cavendish drive the key home into the ignition . hotchkiss get you bony carcass out of my car or I will sue — dammit , I will sue anyway ! the suv roar to life , dashboard blaze with fairy light ; Chet Baker sing " let 's get lose . '' cavendish crank the gearshift and the suv leap forward . he chuckle as he see they recede in the rearview mirror , but he smile quickly fade when he catch the figure of Mr. meek shuffle out of the vestibule . 190 . veronica oh look , it 's Mr. meek . cavendish look back and then ahead at the wide open gate . he groan . cavendish oh ruddy , bloody hell . he crank the wheel . ernie what the hell be you do ? be you daft man ? cavendish I can not do it . the suv arc onto the lawn , four wheel drive rip into the turf , cavendish leave he mark ; a giant '' C '' -- and they lurch back toward aurora House the hotchkiss and wither scatter out of the way . ernie all for one and one for all , be it ? cavendish Veronica would you unlock the door for Mr. meek ? the suv bound up the walk fishtail and skid to a stop parallel to the door . Mr. meek shuffles in place in excitement , as Veronica open the side door . veronica hello , Mr. meek ! we be out for a night time drive . mr . meek I know ! I know ! the car lunge forward again barrel at hotchkiss who try to stand he ground but at the last moment , he leap away . they chortle until they realize what wither be do ; the chain be in he hand , the heavy gate swinging close . veronica oh no . cavendish what now ? 191 . ernie Ram the gate . cavendish what ? ernie Nice big Range Rover at fifty mile per hour should do the trick . so long as the center pole be not sink deep , the gate will just fly apart on impact . cavendish and if it be sink deep ? ernie then we will fly apart on impact . so , foot to the floor , cavendish ! cavendish go white , he life suddenly up for review . veronica how terribly thrill ! the gate rush at they , ten , eight , six car length away . cavendish whisper to himself . cavendish sod it , timbo , what have you get to lose ? he jam he foot down on the accelerator and -- wham ! the vertical bar become diagonal one as -- the gate fly off they hinge . cavendish 's heart bungee - jump from throat to bowel and back again as he grip he intestine shut with all he might . the Range Rover buck and skid all over the road rubber try burn but -- somehow manage to stay out the ditch and upright . fog undulate in the headlight beam . cavendish ( cont 'd ) we make it ? ernie aye. 192 . veronica absolutely thrill ! mr . meek I know , I know ! cavendish stomp on the gas . cavendish all for one and one for all ! Mr. meek giggle hum " the british grenadier " as the Range Rover wolf down the northward mile . ext . CITY STREET - day - year 1973 luisa hurry down the street , head for a small intersection of a large street and a much smaller warehouse street . as she step off the curb , a black car wait down the throat of the small street peel out . luisa be on the middle of the street when she realize what be about to happen -- she look like she be ready to die until -- she whip out a gun and fire into the windshield . the car swerve , bounce off another park car and almost hit she when -- Napier tackle she , knock she to the ground as -- the black car bashes its way into crossing traffic . luisa rey it work . napier like hell it do . he 's suppose to be dead . luisa rey I tell you I be a terrible shot . tire scream as the black car swerve through traffic . napier shit. come on . 193 . luisa rey what ? napier he 's come back . ext . mountainside - day - year 2321 Zachry and meronym react to a loud sound . meronym what be that ? zachry kona war cry . comin 's from the Valley . they hear the shriek cry again . zachry ( cont ’d ) oh no - no- no - - mercysome sonmi , please , no . he bolt . ext . dock -sprawl - night - year 2144 sonmi stare ahead look at something that frighten she . sonmi -451 this be what the General want I to see ? chang nod . from a hide vantage point , they be look at a enormous freighter , the size of a battleship . the ship 's call letter be stencile along the prow : geo-r93. emblazon upon its severely distress hull we also see the bright , cheerful logo of papa song Inc . a transport arrive and sonmi watch as several of she fabricant sister , include a few sonmis , cluster excitedly . sonmi -451 ( cont 'd ) they believe they be go to xultation . 194 . she look at chang . sonmi -451 ( cont ’d ) but they be not , be they ? ext . the valley - day - year 2321 Zachry race desperately , tear through the tree . ext . CITY STREET - day - year 1973 luisa and Napier run as the black car close after they . frobisher ( v.o. ) the end rush towards I . int . HOTEL memling - night - year 1931 frobisher 's pen quiver furiously , move to the rush of music pour out of he like blood from a open vein . frobisher ( v.o. ) ayr have the dog after I . the bullet pass through kill little more than he appetite yet he 's out for blood . will have to pay the piper eventually but not now . now all I want be a quiet room where I can finish the sextet . a plate of food remain untouched . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) unable to eat , or sleep . like ewing , the '' mortal coil '' have become a noose . int . papa song 's frieghter - night - year 2144 wearing the white robe of the aide , sonmi and chang make they way down into the ship -- while all around they be a haunt beautiful chorus of sing voice . frobisher ( v.o. ) would rather become music . smiling fabricant wait in line , wind like a coiled bowel , sing they hymn of freedom and xultation . 195 . ext . the valley - day - year 2321 branch slash at he skin and clothes as Zachry reach the perimeter of the village . smoke turn everything into a kind of hazy dream . he run past a burn house -- on the fence post a severe head cry soundlessly . int . papa song 's frighter - night - year 2144 chang lead she to the observation deck ; a series of catwalk above row of small , almost empty room . in each , there be a chair in the center . two aide work each room . sonmi watch as the next fabricant in line be escort into the room . it be a sonmi model . the second aide prepare a device that swing around like a dentist armed - tool but be shape like a partial helmet . the fabricant be seat in the chair . aide just relax . this be to remove you collar . the sonmi beam . sonmi -351 just as papa song promise . the aide smile and nod as the device be fitte to she head . the operate aide hit a button and with a sharp '' clack '' , a metal bolt be drive through the center of the fabricant 's forehead , kill she instantly . with a factory worker 's sense of routine , they finish they work ; clean the chair , pull the next helmet into place while the other one lift the sonmi off she foot . she dance in the air , swinging like a side of beef as the conveyer helmet bear she body through a flapped doorway . sonmi -451 ( whisper ) where be they take she ? 196 . ext . bailey dwelling - day - 2321 a kona horse remain outside the house . the horse bristle as he near it . he stalk towards the front yard when he see -- Rose dead , lay in a pool of blood . like a reoccur nightmare he cannot escape , he stumble towards she body . anguish wrack he heart . his only remain think be of he niece . zachry catkin ? int . papa song 's slaughterhouse - night - year 2144 the space be vast , perhaps a third of the belly of the enormous ship ; the slaughterhouse sprawl out below they as if it have no end . a few worker , and a army of conveyor belt robot wield scissors , sword - saw , and vary tool for stripping , rending and grind . with assembly - line efficiency , they snip collar , strip clothes , peel skin , offcut hand and foot , and vacuum out the offal . it be perhaps the sound that disturb sonmi the most . sonmi -451 I do not understand . chang recycled fabricant be a cheap source of protein . the genomics industry demand huge quantity of liquefy biomatter for wombtank and more importantly to sustain they engineered labor force . sonmi-451 soap . chang nod . sonmi -451 ( cont ’d ) they feed we to ourselves . 197 . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 Goose lean in , barely a inch from ewing 's face . he speak in a loving whisper . goose dearest ewing , you worm be in its death throes , expel every drop of poison . drink this final purgative to expel its calcify remain . come on , handsomely do it , one last drink , the end of you suffer be at hand . ewing strain to lift himself , he lip reach for the alembic . lightn strike outside as the ship be rock by the approach storm . int . bailey dwelling - day - year 2321 Zachry quietly move through he abandon house . nobody . zachry ( whisper ) catkin ? he hear a male voice grumble . then , silence again . someone be still in the house . he hold he spiker ready to attack . stalk through the house , he see the intruder pass out in the storeroom , have drank all of they dandelion wine -- a kona warrior . as far as Zachry know , this be the man who kill he sister . he know what he be go to do . the spiker flash as Zachry fit it beneath the warrior 's throat . the blue vein pulse , wait but something be wrong . the world seem to freeze as Zachry hear the abbess word . abbess ( 0.s . ) '' enemy 's sleepin’ , do not slit that throat . '' 198 . his mind go to war with every instinct in he body . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 the dark liquid touch ewing 's lip just as there be a knock on the door . his focus break , ewing lay back . Goose be frustrated . the knock continue . autua ( through the door ) missa ewing ! missa ewing ! ewing ..- autua ? goose Adam , you really must drink this . his voice be barely audible . ewing .-.- please ... see what he want . grumbling , Goose carefully set the alembic down . he unlock the door . autua smile when he see ewing and try the enter . autua Mr. ewing , how be you -- Goose stop he . goose Mr. ewing be at a critical juncture in he treatment . the next few hour will determine if he will live or die . autua realize the seriousness of the situation . autua then I stay here . goose what , no , you can not . autua I must . missa ewing save my life . he my duty . 199 . goose listen to I , you ignorant ape , '' missa ewing '' do not want you around he . you probably infect he to begin with . he begge I to please , and I quote , '' keep that dirty nigger away from I . '' so please , kindly respect he wish . autua be too stunne to do anything as Goose slam the door . Goose turn already know the look of horror upon ewing 's face . ewing 's mouth work uselessly . goose ( cont ’d ) what 's that , ewing ? how shall I comprehend if you drool and dribble so ? he laugh , he mask completely drop . goose ( cont ’d ) let I hazard a guess , then . something in the key of , '' oh Henry , how could you do this to I ? I think we be friend ? '' he stoops and pick up the alembic . goose ( cont ’d ) unfortunately , you be wrong , Adam . wrong like horrox and you silly father - in- law . there be only one rule that bind all people , one govern principle that define every relationship on God 's green earth . he sit beside ewing again , he tooth loom over the helpless ewing . goose ( cont ’d ) '' the weak be meat and the strong do eat . '' int . bailey dwelling - day - year 2321 Zachry stare at the kona , rage and hate boil he blood . he scream , sink the knife deep into the warrior throat , whose eye snap open - - 200 . the blade saw through the gristle of the larynx , blood bubbling as he try to shout . ext . CITY STREET - day - year 1973 the car roar after Napier and luisa like a predatory animal , smash into dumpster , spark fly , metal shriek -- the front grill of the old sedan gleam like tooth . int . the prophetess - day - year 1846 Goose press he knee against he chest , pin he . goose why , you ask . he pull out a pen knife . goose ( cont ’d ) ' tis absurdly simple . use the knife he slice off a button from ewing 's lovely waistcoat . he inspect the button , find it to he like and smile , a toothy , yellow smile . goose ( cont ’d ) there be money in you trunk and I want it , so I have kill you for it . ext . CITY STREET - day - year 1973 Bill smoke lean out of he window , fire he gun as Napier drag luisa around a corner -- into a dead end . napier shit . the car come screeching around the corner as they race up a flight of stair to a warehouse door . the door open and they rush inside . Bill smoke , stop the car and walk briskly after they . 201 . int . bailey dwelling - day - year 2321 the kona lie soak in he own blood . Zachry suddenly see movement in the corner of the room . the floor be move ever so softly . slowly , he sneak closer . there 's a secret door in the ground , hard to identify as it blend in with the earth and dust around it . his spear ready to be throw , he yank it open -- revealing catkin , tremble with fear , hide in a little hole underneath the door . they fall into each other 's arm , tear flooding down they face , when they hear more horse . Zachry duck and crawl to the window . four more kona be gather around the empty horse . they begin call a name . whistle . Zachry look at the dead man . catkin see he , too . Zachry hush she back into she de . when he look back out the window he see the kona come towards the house . he look for a place to hide ; slithering into a cupboard just as two of the kona enter . immediately they find the body . Zachry listen to they angry shout ; boot begin pound through the house . the darkness of he cramped box be fill with the sound of violence as the warrior tear through , smash and destroy what little the Bailey 's own . from the crack of light and the proximity of sound , he know one of they be just outside the door . he hold he breath . he pray . it be not enough -- the cupboard open ; the moment they eye meet , Zachry know he be dead . int . industrial build - day - year 1973 a sparse reception area be light by a single tube , a tomb of fly . a black -ey young mexican woman swoops from nowhere and flutter into Napier 's face brandish she nail - file . 202 . mexican woman no nllegal here ! no nllegal here ! bossaway ! bossaway ! come back ' notherday ! the noise from the back be monolithic . napier I be not a inspector . we need help . a poodle wander out of its cardboard bed and begin sniff at Napier . the woman respond with machine - gun Spanish , talk to Napier and the dog simultaneously . napier ( cont ’d ) I do not understand -- luisa jump in . luisa rey ( in perfect Spanish ) we do not want the police to get involved . we understand you situation but there be a man you be try to kill I and we really need you help . the woman look at she , unsure of what she should do . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 Goose smile , pinching ewing 's nose , force he mouth open . goose I commend you for a noble constitution , Adam . most of my patron succumb to my ministration long before it come to a drama such as this , but enough 's enough , it be time for you to die . he hold the alembic to he lip and begin to pour . the lantern sway nervously as the wind howl and rain lash the ship . the poison fill ewing 's mouth when the door explode open . autua step into the room ; a club in he clench fist . 203 . autua get away from Mr. ewing or I kill you . Goose rise affably . goose this be a simple misunderstanding -- he attack , throw the alembic but autua be too fast -- close the distance , bashing Goose in the face , shatter he nose . Goose go down in the cramped space as ewing spit the poison from he mouth . autua Mr. ewing . autua rush to ewing . autua ( cont ’d ) gotta flush you out . he start to lift he , when ewing see - -— Goose rise up , blood stream from he ruin nose , he eye like a rabid dog about to attack -- int . industrial build - day - year 1973 Bill smoke shove through the door , into the small reception area . Napier and luisa be go . there be three door in the room . the mexican flap she hand with she long elaborately paint nail at he as if shooing fly , mixing Spanish and heavily - accented English . smoke two people come in here , which way do they go ? her poodle become immediately agitate and begin bark . mexican woman we treat worker good ! ( more Spanish ) no need Union ! ( more Spanish ) smoke pull out he gun . 204 . smoke which way do they go ? the gun send she into hysterics . the dog get even more upset . Combined with the roar of the hide machine , smoke can not hear himself think . smoke ( cont ’d ) shut up ! shut the fuck up ! the yapping of the dog be like aluminium on tooth . she be tell he who she boss know when -- he shoot the dog . she freeze , too shocked to even understand . smoke ( cont ’d ) stupid fuck wetback . she sink to she knee , cry out in terrible pain while he push past she and enter the third door . ext . bailey dwelling - day - 2321 Zachry be throw onto the ground . his hand be bound behind he , Rose lay a few foot away . a angry tattooe warrior put a boot to he neck . kona warrior for what you do , we ought blade off you hand ’n’feet , blade off you cock a leave you for the fly 'nrrat 's feastin’ . but Captain say that too good for you . another kona finish heating a brand iron . Zachry see the orange-red glow piece of metal and begin to struggle . Zachry scream as the brand be press deep into he cheek . int . the prophetess - ewing 's room - day - year 1846 Goose attack , shriek like a animal bashing autua who collapse onto ewing . before Goose can finish the job , the ship heave violently , throw everyone against the far wall . 205 . autua recover as he and Goose have at one another in the chaos of the roll , pitching wave and disorient lamp light . Goose flail after several spill vial from he bag as autua find he club and be about to finish the fight but -- Goose hurl a liquid that burn he . the killer leap on top , use the club to crush autua 's wind pipe . autua look past Goose . autua no , missa ewing ! do not ! get out of here ! Goose smile , blood smear across he tooth . goose you get a lot to learn about lie , nigger . ewing can not even stand , let alone help you -- but ewing be stand and more than that , he raise the metal lock box that Goose want and -- swing with every fibre of he be , fall as he strike -- the sound of metal break against bone like a crack of thunder as -- Goose collapse . ext . bailey dwelling - day - 2321 a noose hang around Zachry 's neck , tie he to the back of the kona 's horse . the body of the man he kill be tie over the horse beside he . he seem almost resign to he fate when he see the kona throw a torch onto the thatched roof . it immediately burst into flame . terror clutches he heart . zachry catkin . Fire and smoke consume the small house as Zachry writhes . 206 . zachry ( cont ’d ) oh no . S ’my fault . s’all my fault . int . sweatshop - day - year 1973 a underworld sweatshop clatter with five hundred sewing machine . flake of textile be suspend in the viscous heat , haloing the naked bulb hang over each machinist . luisa and Napier skirt the outer walkway in a rapid semi - crouch . limp Donald duck and crucify scooby - doos have they innard stitched , one by one , row by row , pallet by pallet . each woman keep she eye fix on the needle plate , so luisa and Napier cause little commotion . they enter a large storeroom . row , aisle and ten-foot tall box conceal the true dimension of the room . Napier be consider if they should go back when gunshot make up he mind . they weave through the maze of cardboard as smoke chase , fire he gun . a door open to a stairwell down . they leap down the single flight to a mechanical service tunnel . the door of the stairwell bang above they as smoke gain . they race down the hall which have several heavy metal door , try each one . they be all lock . smoke enter the hall at the other end . there be one last door remain . Napier grab the handle -- it 's lock . there 's no way out . ext . bailey dwelling - day - 2321 Zachry thrashes against he rope , scream as the house be swallow by flame . the kona sneer as they mount they horse and dig they spur when -- Zachry hear a '' kss -kss '' sound and the warrior fall off he horse -- two red hole in he forehead . 207 . the other react but the sound continue , like bee zipping by -- two more drop with hole punch through different part of there body . the last one sling a rock and meronym be knock from she perch in a tree . she fall with a terrible thud , she thin silver weapon bounce away . Zachry try to get free but can not . the kona grab the weapon before meronym can recover . he lift it , aim it at she and pull the trigger -- explode he own head because he have the futuristic gun backwards . meronym stand , brush herself off . meronym I be get too old for this shit . zachry catkin ! she 's 'o th’house ! meronym oh no . there 's not much leave of it but she run straight into the burn house . int . industrial build - basement - year 1973 aiming he gun , smoke walk towards they . smoke I tell grimaldi , you could not be trust , Joe . napier look who 's talk . smoke I be completely loyal to whoever write the biggest check . that 's the business we be in . napier maybe I be tired of the business . 208 . he smile and lift the gun . smoke well ... enjoy you retirement . he be about to shoot when the mexican woman step out of a alcove lead to one of the other door . in she hand be a monkey wrench which she bring down on the back of smoke 's head , crumpling he like a push pile of brick . ten more blow of extreme ferocity follow , each one make luisa flinch . mexican woman yo! amaba ! a! ese ! jodido ! perro ! she lean over smoke 's pulped face . mexican woman ( cont ’d ) and do not call I a fuck wetback ! ext . bailey dwelling - day - 2321 Zachry thrashes off the horse . use the spur of the dead kona , he cut himself free . just as he stand , meronym stumble out of the collapse house -- catkin in she arm . a cry burst from he like a bird take flight . he rush to he sister , engulf she with he arm . with gratitude wetting he eye , he look up at meronym . zachry thank you . she nod . ext . the prophetess - day - year 1846 ewing vomit salty water on the plank of the '' prophetess '' . autua one more . Salt clean you stomach . 209 . holding ewing who can barely kneel by himself , autua force another liter of salt water into ewing 's throat , who convulse before spitting it all out again . autua ( cont ’d ) good . see where we be , missa ewing . he help ewing up to stand . with ewing , we can see the harbour : the boat be dock in San Francisco bay . ewing ..- home . the sight of he home bear ewing up . ext . road - night - year 2009 the Range Rover hum along the night road . a service station sign glow up ahead . ernie alright almost home . the Range Rover 's light fall on a all - night petrol station with a pub next door call the hange Edward . Midnight be long go , but the light be still on . ernie ( cont ’d ) Park in the pub . I will go and get we a can of petrol so nobody will spot we . silly johns leave he jacket in the car , and in the jacket — tra-la . Ernie pull out a wallet thick with pound . veronica a drambuie and soda would hit the spot . ernie I be sure he can stand we a round . cavendish I must admit in all the excitement I do forget to wee before we escape . mr . meek I know ! I know ! 210 . int . the hanged edward - night - year 2009 in the warm cave of a bar , a crowd watch tv soccer in a distant fluorescent time zone . in the eighty - first minute England be a goal down to Scotland . without take he eye off the tv the barman deliver Ernie they drink by sense of touch alone . the foursome edge they way through the crowd and take they seat in a alcove . a cyclone of despair suddenly sweep through the bar as England be award a penalty . tribalism electrify the air . cavendish I would like to check my route . Ernie , the map if you will . ernie you have it last . cavendish oh. must be in ... cavendish 's face freeze in sudden rigor mortis . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) my room . extreme close - up , director lar , of cavendish realize he fateful mistake . I have leave the map on my bed . for nurse noake . with we route mark out in feel pen . his face break its glacial hold . cavendish ( cont 'd ) +.-oh God . I think we have better drink up and move on . veronica but we have only just start this round . cavendish swallow hard . cavendish about the , er , map ... he check he watch calculate distance and speed in he head . Ernie begin to catch on . 211. ernie what about the map ? his mouth open to speak but the room be drown in a howl of tribal grief . England have tie the match . in the din the entrance door open and the hulk figure of Mr. wither fill the frame . his gestapo eye settle on the group as johns hotchkiss and a orderly appear beside he . cavendish let out a breath of resignation . ext . cartpath - day - year 2321 Zachry ride with catkin as they horse charge down the road in full gallop . as they charge towards the edge of the Valley they pass right by a large party of looting kona . the kona be stunne for a moment until the leader bellow -- kona warrior after they ! int . the hanged edward - night - year 2009 Veronica sigh a frail sigh as wither and hotchkiss surround they . hotchkiss you little joy ride be over . wither clamp a huge hand on cavendish 's shoulder . wither you be go to be sorry in way you can not even imagine . veronica oh bother . I have so hope to see the wild mountain thyme , all across the bloom heather ... ernie sorry , love . grimly , Mr. meek stand -- and let out a biblical bellow . the tv viewer drop they conversation and look . even wither stop in he track . 212 . Mr. meek climb onto the bar , and roar a sos to he universal fraternity . mr . meek be there nor trrruuue scortsman in tha hooossse ? Ernie , Veronica , and cavendish 's jaw go slack . Mr. meek point at wither with a skeletal forefinger . mr . meek ( cont ’d ) that there English gerrrrunt be trample o'er mar god-gi'en rrraights ! theeve use I a ' mar pal morst direly a ' we be inneed of a wee assistance ! wither come quiet and face you punishment . on hearing wither 's English accent the room curdle . a rocker rise like Poseidon and flexe he knuckle . a crane operator stand beside he . a sharky - chinned man in a thousand - quid suit . a axwoman with the scar to prove it . the tv be switch off . a highlander growl softly . highlander aye , laddie . we will nort let ye doone . wither bristle . wither this man be car thief . axwoman you a copper ? she move in . crane operator show we you badge then . he take a step . poseidon aw , you be full o' shite , man . 213. he lean forward . hotchkiss have have enough and begin crossing the room when he path be block by a pool cue . hotchkiss now you just look here , you grebo , you can go shag you bloody sporran if you think — violence erupt , the pub fill with the sound of knuckle and bone on flesh . one of hotchkiss 's tooth splashes into cavendish 's kilmagoon , fifteen foot away . cavendish fish it out for a keepsake . as the pandemonium escalate , the foursome gulp they drink down then scurry out the back exit . ext . cartpath - day - year 2321 a bolt sizzle past Zachry 's head . the chase kona fire crossbow from they gallop horse -- meronym heft she rifle . the air crackle as she fire twice , leave smoking fist-size hole in the two slaver . with catkin hold tight to he , Zachry kick he horse 's side as the kona thunder behind they , in hot pursuit . as they horse clear a ridge we see up ahead the brilliant blue pololu River , where the road pitch down and meet a decaye bridge of wear plank and rusting steel . they race for it and as they do the sun clear a cloud bank and the color of the bridge light up as if aflame in orange and bronze . the abbess 's final prophecy pulse in Zachry 's brain . abbess voice ( v.0o . ) Bridge a’burnin’ , you path lie below . he shout to meronym . zachry we can not be crossin’ that bridge ! meronym what ? 214 . she twist in the saddle . zachry we be not s'pose to use that bridge . meronym over there 's we meetin with the prescient ship ! that bridge be not safe ? zachry no. ( he can not explain ) sonmi tell have I not t’cross it . meronym 's face crinkle as she stop she horse . meronym an'did sonmi know we get a furyin ' swarm o' kona on we tail ? zachry we can ford the river down there . he point down a fork in the road where the path meet the water . the hoof drum louder as the kona close . zachry ( cont 'd ) I trus 's you . now you trus 's I . meronym make she decision and follow Zachry down the path away from the bridge . the foot be slick and rocky though and it slow they flight . as they begin to ford the river , they look back to see the first of the kona converge on the bridge . the warrior wail as they see they and raise they crossbow . the water of the pololu , already up to they horse neck , be numbingly cold . crossbow bolt sizzle angrily around they as more kona horseman arrive . Zachry curse himself as the kona charge onto the bridge . meronym also curse in she own language as she watch they cross with nothing but a slight moan of timber until - - 215 . just before they reach the other side , a explosion of tear , shriek fiber fill the air , the bridge give way -- collapsing under the weight of the war party . the kona horseman fall in a avalanche of rent metal and debris plunging to they death twenty meter below . Zachry howl , beat the water , stand up on he horse as he laugh and bay like a bear that have defend its home . int . museum of modern art - day - year 1973 megan sixsmith sit on a low bench in the buenas yerbas Museum of modern Art and stare back at a giant portrait of a old lady 's ursine face , render in interlace gray and black line on a canvas otherwise blank . luisa rey sit down next to she . she be cover in dirt , grime and blood from the chase . luisa rey megan sixsmith ? megan luisa rey ? they both nod . megan ( cont ’d ) be Joe with you ? luisa rey that 's he over there , pretend to be the art lover . he 's watch out for we . I be afraid he paranoia be justified . megan yes ... so you will understand why I have to ask you a question . I need to be sure you be who you say you be . luisa rey good . ask away . megan what be my uncle 's favorite hitchcock film ? luisa smile . 216 . luisa rey i’1ll assume he tell you that we talk about this in the elevator . shadow of a doubt . though he say he recently watch psycho with you . megan smile at the memory . megan he call Janet leigh a '' bubblehead . '' luisa reach into she bag and pull out the stack of letter from frobisher to sixsmith . luisa rey I know he would want you to have this . megan God ... he letter . they pass the letter as if they be a child . megan ( cont 'd ) do you ...? luisa rey I do . I be sorry if that be invasive , I be try to figure out what happen and I think they might be important . she hold they like the be a sacred object . megan important ? sometimes it seem like they be the only thing in he life that really matter to he . ext . bruge - day - year 1931 it be dawn and sixsmith stand before the only monument frobisher ever mention : the tower . frobisher ( v.o. ) do not come look for I , sixsmith . 217 . he pull the collar of he natty gabardine coat up and head up the stair . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you can not save I . I know now that my entire life have be lead to this point . int . papa song 's slaughterhouse - dawn - year 2144 sonmi watch as the clean crew hose down the viscera cover machine , wash the blood into the grate floor drain . frobisher ( v.o. ) and I be grateful . another shift crew begin to arrive . her eye look as hard as stainless steel . sonmi -451 I have see enough . ext . papa song 's slaughterhouse - dawn - year 2144 they head down the gang way still wear they mask coverall . as they descend another group of fabricant be be escort up by the armed security personnel . the fabricant be smile and excited . there be one that seem to be trail slightly behind the other . she be a yoona model . as they pass one another , sonmi reach out and grab she . the yoona be startle . sonmi stare at she from behind she mask . sonmi-451 do not go in there . yoona 939 what ? sonmi-451 come with I . chang put he hand on sonmi . 218 . yoona 939 let I go ! she tear free and rush to catch up with the other . sonmi watch she go . ext . pier - dawn - year 2144 Hidden behind shipping crate , sonmi pull she mask off and begin to sob . chang put he arm around she and hold she . int . HOTEL memling - night - year 1931 frobisher put the last spot of ink on the orchestration sheet . frobisher ( v.o. ) it 's do . finish in a frenzy that remind I of we last night in Cambridge . please take care of it . keep it away from my family . pater will sigh , '' it 's no eroica '' and stuff it in a drawer . the truth be it be a incomparable creation . the music swirl and build to climax in he head . ext . bruge tower - dawn - year 1931 frobisher watch the sun come up , smoking he final cigarette . he look like he have be up for day but he be smile . frobisher ( v.o. ) could never write anything near as good . now , I be a spend firework , but at least I have be a firework . the music be cut off as frobisher hear someone climb the stair . it seem too early or too cold to be a tourist . he hide around the corner , watch as a young man in a natty gabardine jacket emerge -- sixsmith . frobisher feel he heart choke he throat . 219 . sixsmith look around the tower , just miss a crouch frobisher in a dark alcove . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) watched my final sunrise , enjoy a last cigarette . do not think the view could be any more perfect until I see that beat up trilby . honestly , sixsmith , as ridiculous as that thing make you look , I do not believe I have ever see anything more beautiful . thank you , my friend for be the one person on this earth who will actually miss ol 's Robert frobisher . I can not tell you what that mean to I . quietly , frobisher slip back down the wind stair , leave sixmith alone in the tower . int . HOTEL memling - day - year 1931 frobisher finish he last letter . beside he be the sextet manuscript . the music return . frobisher ( v.o. ) watched you for as long as I dare . I do not believe it be a fluke that I see you first . he sign the letter and put it in the envelope . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the world 's a shadow theatre , a opera and such thing be writ large in its libretto . do not be too cross at my role . you be a brilliant physicist but you could not understand , no matter how much I explain . he pick up the luger and go to the bathroom . int . HOTEL memling - bathroom - day - year 1931 he climb into the tub . 220 . frobisher ( v.o. ) I believe we do not stay dead long . as soon as my luger let I go , my birth , next time around will be on I in a heartbeat . he put the gun in he mouth . frobisher ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there be another world wait for we , sixsmith . a better world and I 'il be wait for you there . find I beneath the corsican star where we first kiss . your eternally , r.f . the gun go off . ext . prescient ship - dusk - year 2321 the sun have set . the star beginning to blink . Zachry and catkin sit on the ledge of the prescient 's hovercraft , leg dangle out over the water . meronym be talk to duophysite , the captain of the ship . in the distance , plume of smoke rise from the island , black scar of violence . we hear a howling , angry wind that we have hear before . catkin see he first ; Old georgie hang in the silhouette of the tree . she clutches tight to she brother . catkin it 's he , be not it ? Zachry look out towards the tree , but georgie be no longer there . zachry nay ... jus 'a wind . meronym come and sit with they . meronym on 'a ’count 'a what happen , my Captain say - so to take you with we . 221. zachry well , now , we be not be needin’ no charity . meronym this be not no charity . you prov have yourself more 's n’once . we could use you help . he mull it over , not want to look too anxious . catkin I wanna go wit 's meronym ! zachry an’jus ' where y’think y’goin ? you prescient same boat as we . you get no dwellin’place neither . meronym nay , not yet . zachry you think someun goi not ’hear you message an’come down ou 's the sky ? meronym maybe . maybe one day . zachry pffff . one day be not but a flea o’hope . meronym yay , but fleas be not so easy to rid . she smile and it lighten he heart . she cover he hand with she own and he know that whereever this woman go , he will follow she . int . flophouse - night - year 2144 chang be curl around sonmi 's body like protective armor . unable to sleep , she know what she be go to do . sonmi-451 that ship ... she turn towards he . 222. sonmi -451 ( cont ’d ) that ship must be destroy . every slaughtership in the world must be sink . chang yes . sonmi-451 the shipyard that build they must be demolish . the system that facilitate they must be dismantle . the law that permit the system must be tear down and reconstruct . chang yes. sonmi -451 every consumer , every politician , every boardman must understand that fabricant be pureblood , be they grow in a wombtank or a womb . chang yes . sonmi -451 if persuasion do not work , we must fight to achieve this end whatever force be necessary . chang this be what we have be wait for . int . museum of modern art - day - year 1973 Close on the sixsmith report as megan hand it to luisa rey . megan my uncle always use I to vet he math . I have to know if you be someone who be prepare to take this as far as it can go . luisa can not believe she have it in she hand . megan ( cont ’d ) this people need to be hold accountable . 223. luisa nod . megan ( cont 'd ) make they pay . luisa lock she jaw like a fighter go into the last round . luisa rey Count on it . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the archivist check the time . archivist we time be almost finish . please tell I about you arrest . sonmi - 451 I be take to a Union control satellite link . I broadcast my catechism to the twelve States and the four off -world colony . int . satellite communication CENTER - night - year 2144 it be the same station that Zachry and meronym use . sonmi - 451 ( v.o. ) eighteen minute later , the enforcer attack . a ferocious gunfight be watch in silence from sonmi 's perspective behind the glass of the broadcast booth . archivist ( v.o. ) the report say that Commander chang be kill in the assault . sonmi watch helplessly as chang be gun down . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the pain of the memory be hide deep . sonmi-451 that be correct . archivist would you say that you love he ? 224 . she smile and for a moment she be radiant . sonmi-451 yes , I do . archivist why be you smile ? sonmi -451 because very soon all of this be go to end . a door will close but another will open and I believe that when it do , I will find he there , wait for I . ext./ int . ewing 's home - day the door open and ewing be half - carry by autua into the vestibule . ewing 's wife tilda see he and rush to he . he collapse into she arm . he cry , hold she , never more grateful for any moment in he life . int . interrogation room - day - year 2144 the door open and two enforcer enter . archivist on behalf of my Ministry and ... myself , I thank you for this interview . she nod as the enforcer unlock she cuff . archivist ( cont ’d ) if I may ask one last question : you have to know , the whole scheme engineered by Union , would fail . sonmi -451 of course . this be exactly what General apis laid out in that room to I . this be my destiny . archivist what ? to be ... execute ? 225. sonmi-451 yes . archivist why ? sonmi-451 if I have remain invisible , the truth would stay hide . I could not allow that . the enforcer unlock she cuff and lift she out of the chair . archivist and what if no one believe this '' truth '' ? sonmi -451 that can not happen . archivist why not ? sonmi - 451 because someone already do . sonmi smile as the enforcer take she away . int . thomas moore 's office - evening - year 1846 ewing enter use a cane . he look better but not completely recover . haskell Moore , he father - in - law stand . moore good God , Adam , what be you do here ? the doctor say at least three week in bed . ewing I be sorry , but this could not wait . ewing set he briefcase down . ewing ( cont ’d ) I have do a lot of think about my life , sir and I have come to certain conclusion . he remove the seal contract from horrox . 226 . moore be that the contract for reverend horrox ? ewing it be indeed . moore I could have send a boy -- ewing hold the contract to the candle flame . moore ( cont 'd ) what the devil be you do ? ewing I owe my life to a self - freed slave . I cannot in good conscience participate in this kind of business any longer . moore what ?! be you insane ?! you have just cost I a fortune ! goddamn you ! if you be not my daughter 's husband I would fire you on the spot ! ewing not necessary , sir . here be my resignation . he hand he a letter . moore when tilda learn what you have do --- ewing she 's outside in the carriage . she come to demonstrate she support . Moore throw back the curtain to see he daughter tilda smile and wave from they carriage . autua be beside she . moore the poison must have rotted you brain ! ewing perhaps . if it have , I recommend it . I have not feel this good in year . 227 . moore and just what in blaze do you think be you go to do ? ewing spend my life shaping a world that I want my son to inherit , not one that I fear he shall inhabit . moore listen to I , Adam . listen for the sake of my daughter and grandson , if not you own . there be a natural order to this world and that who try to upend it do not fare well . if you go to Georgia and try to tell upstand people that they be merely white - wash nigger and that nigger be black - wash white , you and you entire family will be spat on . you will be beat . shot at . lynched or crucify . and for what , Adam ? for what ? no matter what you do , it will never amount to anything more than a single drop ina limitless ocean ! ewing stand at the door . ewing yet what be any ocean but a multitude of drop ? he shut the door behind he . int . luisa 's apartment - day - 1974 luisa read the paper with the huge headline : '' lloyd hook arrested , president ford vow to ' root out crook who bring ignominy to corporate america . 's '' across from she on the couch , read the same story in another paper be javier . javier one for the good guy . luisa smile and offer she cup to cheer . luisa rey I 'il drink to that . 228. they cheer and then she lift she cup towards she father 's picture stand proudly . int . cavendish 's study - night - year 2009 Close as he empty glass of wine be fill . cavendish finish he memoir . cavendish ( v.o. ) in vino veritas . Middle age be fly , but it be attitude , not year , that condemn one to the rank of the undead , or else prof - fer salvation . a woman come around to the back of he chair and massage he shoulder . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) outside , fat snowflake be fall on slate roof and granite wall . like solzhenitsyn labor in vermont , I shall beaver away in exile , far from the city that knit - ted my bone . cavendish finish and take she hand lead she around to sit with he . it be Ursula . cavendish ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) unlike solzhenitsyn , I sha not be alone . he pour she a glass and they smile and drink . ext . the village - dawn - 2346 the fire have burn out . zachry firey 's dyin’ . jus 'as well . my yarnin 's do . adam , a young boy who could be a young Zachry with dark skin , sigh . adam ' Bout time ! can we go home now ? around the fire be a dozen young face , child and grand - child of obviously mix race . 229 . zachry oh yay ! go! ge ’on then y’damn sluggabuggah ! try to tell you what 's what -- ge ’on ! the kid tumble and dash away , head towards a distant house glow warmly . Beyond the home , there be the twinkle spire of a future - city . Zachry remain behind . he look up . two moon , one nearly full , the other almost new gleam with pale purple light . miro , a young girl who look like what meronym must have look like as a child , linger with he . miro you like it out here , do not you grampy ? he shrug . zachry supposin 's it ' minder I 'a my Valley . she stare with he at the star field beyond . miro which be the earth ? he point to a bright star . zachry that un there . the blue shimmerer . as they gaze upwards , we see the back of Zachry 's head which be cover by he hair when he be young ; there near the top of he spine be a comet-shape birthmark . zachry ( cont 'd ) come on . gettin 's cold . she help he up . miro be you gonna tell we ' bout the woahsome ship and the big sleep and all the nex 'nex . zachry nay ... you grammy tell the nex 'nex better ’n’me . 230 . he take she hand and they head away from we , towards they home . miro do you still love grammy ? zachry you grammy be the beshthe that ever happ 'o have to I . fade out