115016 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 6/8/07 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 1 . from black -- block letter appear on -screen : property of the UNITED states government the letter disappear , replace by : document # usgx-8810-b467 / digital videocassette multiple sighting of case designate '' cloverfield '' then : camera retrieved at incident site '' US - 447 '' { area formerly known as central park ) fade in : int . beth' apartment - live room - dawn 1 wide on the CITY -- we be look down on manhattan as the morning SUN break through the skyline . and as the image adjust slightly , we realize we be look through a video camera . we hear a man 's voice . it 's whisper , quiet -- voice ( 0.s. ) six forty - two a.m ... hig name _is rob hawkins . as he back away from the window , we catch a glimpse of he reflection in the glass . and even though the videocamera be obscure most of he face , we can tell he 's smilina -- rob it 's already a good day . and as Rob swing the camera around we get a better look at we surroundings -- we be in a manhattan apartment -- floor - to-ceil window ; opulent but not garish . the tasteful decor suggest a feminine touch . camera move through the live room . we hear Rob 's bare feet quietly pad along the hardwood floor -- he approach a side table cover with framed photograph -- they be all of a girl ( Beth ) and she various friend and family . Rob 's hand reach into frame , select one photograph in particular : continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 2 . continued Rob and Beth at college graduation . they be both wear cap and gowns ; they be both smile for the camera . Rob take the photo , move it in front of the other photo on the table . CUT to : omitted 2 int . beth 's apartment - morning - later 3 we be moving through the apartment , get a better feel of the place . everything 's still morning quiet -~ the silence be peaceful , serene . we can hear Rob 's footstep , he steady breathe , the distinctive sound of he hand on the camera . we turn a corner , head down a hallway . Rob 's hand push open a door , lead we into -- int . bedroom - morning 4 -- the apartment 's bedroom . and the blub light of dawn be just start to peek through the curtain . as Rob enter the room , he angle towards the bed , focus in on -- her . she 's in bed , fast asleep . ( tastefully ) cover by the sheet . and for a moment , we just hold on her . this be beth mcintyre . as the morning - light find she face , we can see she 's half - smile in she sleep . she look near angelic . Rob approach , angle in on Beth 's face . he sit down on the side of the bed , he movement roust she a bit . her eyelid flutter open -- beth ( half - asleep ) what be you do ? rob ( 0.s. ) } nothing . Beth rub the sleep out of she eye , sit up a bit . glance at the camera , playful -- beth stop it . rob ( 0.8 . ) suddenly she 's shy . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 3 . continued beth seriously -- I can just see this end up on the internet ... she pull the bedsheet tight around she , make sure she 's safely cover . rob ( 0.s. } Fine -- see if I care . ( beat ) I be interested in other thing ... beth ( roll eye ) like what ? rob like ... you . I want to know everything there be to know about Elizabeth Anne mcintyre . beth you already know everything , Rob . rob that 's not true . after last night ... we can still surprise each other , she flush a little , smile -- beth Fair enough . ( okay then ) what would you like to know , Robert hawkins ? rob well , let 's start with ... what do you want to do today ? beth that 's it ? you can ask I anything in the world and you go with " what do you want to do today ? '' rob ( 0.s. ) sure . for starter . Beth study he -- fine , 1’11 play along -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard continued ( 2 ) beth okay then ... ( think about it } I would like to eat breakfast . no -- I would like you to bring I breakfast . here . in bed . I think I have earn that ... rob ( 0.s. ) really ? ' Cause I think I be the one who do all the work ... she raise she eyebrow -- be you kid I ? curt to : int . beth 's bedroom - morning - later 's a little later . Beth 's shift position a bit . she 's eat strawberry out of a bowl ( clearly Rob lose the breakfast in bed argument . ) we upcut right into they conversation -- rob ( 0.8 . } beth -- I nve never be . -- it 's not what it use to be . rob ( 0.s. ) I hear it 's fun . beth sure . if you want to score horse , rob ( 0.8 . ) that 's not the -- ( wait ) do you just call it '' horse ? '' beth ( laugh } -- it 's not the same coney Island you be think of -- rob ( 0.s. ) -- that 's not the point -- CUT to : 6 int . beth' bedrcom - morning - later reverse shot -- on rob . he 's shirtless , clad only in pajama bottom . he lean back against the headboard , uncomfortable be film -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 5 . continued rob ... from the neck up . that 's it . that ' 's the only way I consent to this . beth ( 0.5 . } ) I would not worry about it , rob. nobody 's pay for that online . Rob glance down at he body , mock offended -- rob people would kill for this . beth ( 0.s. ) okay -- what else ? rob what do you mean ? beth ( 0.s. ) other than cotton candy and tilt - o- whirl -- what do you want to do today ? Rob stare at she with mischievous eye for a beat . then -- rob Beth ... if I answer that question honestly , you would probably slap I . beth ( 0.s. ) try I . he reach out , playfully grab she leg . she laugh , push he away , the camera shake -- rob honestly -- the thing I be think right now -- I may slap myself ... beth ( laugh ) -- Rob , I swear to god there 's nothing you could say that would possibly -- and just as she say that , the video image fill with static and we abruptly CUT to -- 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 6 . ext . manhattan street - day 7 honk honk honk ! the loud cacophony of New York City traffic jar we right out of the previous scene -- we be street level now -- as the video camera adjust , we catch a glimpse of downtown manhattan in all its glory . then we swing around and follow -- a girl ( mid-twenty ) as she cross through traffic on the busy crosswalk . she 's wear a japanese silk dress , she hair be pull back with chopstick . this be lily ford . we hear a guy voice call after she -- voice ( 0.8 . ) be the light on ? lily glance back at the camera . slightly exasperate -- lily watch where you be go -- voice ( 0.8 . ) I do not know if this be the on button or the zoom ... lily Jason -- voice ( 0.s. ) I think it 's on . lily oglare at he ) perfect . now we can have a nice record of you get run over . CUT to : int . bodega - day 8 lily 's at the counter of a corner grocery store . she 's talk over she shoulder as the cashier bag she food -- lily ..- go around and get testimonial from everyone . voice ( 0.s. ) -- this be not a wedding -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 7 . continued lily I know this be not a wedding -- I say like a wedding . ( to cashier ) thank you . voice ( 0.s. ) why do I have to do it -- the camera swing around as the person hold it look into the lens . we see he face for the first time -- this be jason hawkins -- lily 's boyfriend and Rob 's older brother . as he look into the camera -- jason -- I do not even know how to work this thing . lily ( 0.s. ) let I ask you a question -- can you see I through the viewfinder ? jason hang on -- Jason swing the camera back around to find lily in front of the counter , try to collect she grocery -- jason ( 0.s. } yeah . I can see you . lily good. ( beat ) now ... can you see I try to carry all this bag by myself ? cuUT to : int . apartment build - stairway - day 9 we be look down at Jason 's leg . we see in one hand he 's carry several grocery bag . as he raise the camera with the other hand -- lily -- he 's you brother . this be important . stop try to get out of it -- continued 10 6/3/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 8 . continued we see lily 's lead he up a flight of stair . as they spill out onto the landing , walk down a hallway -- jason ( 0.8 . ) -- it 's a shit job , lily . lily jason ( 0.s. ) no it 's not . yes it be . lily ( shoot he a look ) Jason . jason oturn on a dime ) okay , baby . in 1i1l do it . cuT to : int . apartment - day 10 suddenly we be in a apartment , moving toward a guy hang a large banner which read '' goodbye rob ! " -- jason ( 0.8 . ) hud -- I get a job for you . the guy look over he shoulder , see the camera . tense up . this be hudson platt . hud I be already suppose to be work on the sign ... jason ( 0.s . ) yeah . this be actually even more important than the sign -- hud clearly do not like be on camera . as he shuffles awkwardly -- jason you nve be to a wedding , right ? hud oshake head ) not since I be a kid . I do not really get invite to a lot of thing like that . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 9 . continued jason ( 0.s. ) okay , well -- you know how at wedding they have people give testimonial to the videocamera ? hud ( chink ; then ) no. jason ( 0.s. ) ( you be kill I ) i , '' go around the party , and film everyone wishing Rob good luck . hud {deer in headlight } that sound like a lot of responsibility , Jason . I do not know ... jason ( 0.s. ) it 's important . we ’1ll need you to talk to everyone , hud. ( beat ) we will need you to talk to marlena . hud 's eye dart towards the camera . wait -- bud marlena ' 's gonna be here ? jason ( o.s. ) yeah . sure . lily invite she . and we need you the talk to she . you know . for rob. and that 's actually give hud pause -- jason ( 0.s. ) but you should practice first . here -- put this around you neck like this -- dason take the camera , loop the strap around hud 's neck -- CUT to : 11 12 13 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 10 . int . apartment - day 11 testimonial . Jason look into the camera . in the apartment behind he , we see several people decorate the place for a party . as they move furniture , set out food , hang light -- jason Rob , good luck in Japan , man . I love you . {beat ; then ) that 's it . hud ( 0.8 . } that 's it ? jason easy enough , right ? hud ( 0.s. ) it 's kind of fun , actually . jason ( what ? } yeah ... CUT to : int . apartment - night 12 a couple ( jenn and ANTONIO ) finish hang a string of light . as the light flicker to life around the room -- hud ( 0.8 . ) hey guy -- CUT to : int . apartment - night 13 testimonial . jenn and Antonio face the camera -- jekn bon voyage , Rob ! oglances at Antonio ) or , however you say that in japanese ... ANTONIO sayonara ? continued 20 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard continued jenn sayonara Rob ! ( frown ) no , that 's not right ... ANTONIO sayonara Rob ! jenn that sound like we want to homb he ... omitted int . apartment - night will . 20 testimonial . lily stand in front of the camera . in the background , we can see the party 's in full swing now . lily Robert hawkins . I can not believe you be leave I . to take care of Jason . by myself . and this be you fault in the first place -- if you have not introduce I to you brother , I have probably be marry to some handsome stock broker right now instead of -- ( glance off camera , raise voice ) madly in love with a buffoon . jason ( 0.s. ) I be stand right here . lily {back to camera ) and I know we be not officially family -- ( look off screen ) yet . jason ( 0.8 . ) ~~ it 's gonna be soon , beautiful . I promise ~~ lily ( back to camera ) but I think of you as my brother and I hope you think of I as a sister ... continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 12 . continued as lily talk , in the background behind she , the front door open , and a woman enter the apartment -- hud 's camera drift off to the side , as he angle towards the woman . cut - edge stylish , a clear air of superiority about she . this be marlena diamond . lily continue , not notice hud 's focus be drift -- lily ... which mean you have to check in with I from time to time . ( get choke up ) I know this be a ... amazing job for you . and I know this be what you need right now , but ... that do not mean I have to like it . hud 's start to zoom in on marlena . lily 's barely in frame -- lily you would better call we . now that you have this job , you can afford to call we . so -- nootice } hud ? hud swing the camera back to lily . hud ( 0.8 . ) yeah -- sorry . you nre good . lily ( okay then ...} Rob -- call we . we love you and miss you . so much . CUT to : 21 int . apartment - night 21 across the room , we see lily greet marlena . as she hug she hello -- hud ( 0.s . ) ( to himself ) okay . you can do this ... continued 22 23 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 13 . continued he start move through the party . toward marlena . but as he approach she , she glance up , and hud panic at the last minute . he swing the camera toward a guy hang out nearby ( charlie . } cuUT to : int . apartment - night 22 testimonial . Charlie face the camera -- charlie Rob -- this be very important . when go to a hentai theater , you want '' yuri . '' not , repeat , not '' yaoi . '' ( beat ) '' yaoi '' mean '' all boy . '' Charlie take a drink from he beer . then -- charlie this advice also apply to the internet . CUT to : int . apartment - night 23 hud steel he nerve . tries again . approach marlena . hud ( 0.s . ) oh -- uh . Excuse I , um ... marlena ? she turn , surprised to hear she name . stare at hud , a bit of a '' why be you talk to I ? " leok on she face . marlena yes ? hud ( 0.5 . ) ( voice waver ) I be suppose to be ... uh ... ( beat ) you know how Rob 's go away , right ? well , I be suppose to be talk to everyone ... marlena oh -- I do not know Rob all that well . I just stop by to see lily , be polite . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 14 . continued hud ( 0.8 . ) okay , that 's cool . {beat} but , um , I be still suppose to talk to everyone and it 's like ... {awkward pause ; then ) have you ever be to a wedding ? marlena ( frown ) what ? CUT to : 24 int . apartment - night 24 testimonial . marlena face the camera -- marlena Rob -- let 's be honest here . we have meet like three time before , and all three of that time I be either tank or tranque . or both . so I hope you understand if I do not get all weepy at you goodbye . ( beat ) but ... it sound like this be a great opportunity for you . vice President of something or other , right ? that 's spectacular . ( beat ) De not worry , we will try to keep New York safe for you while you be go . cuUT to : 25 int . apartment - night 25 moment later . marlena glance back at hud , a think occur to she -- marlena do you have a card ? my agency 's have a retreat next week -- I be sure they would love something like this . hud ( 0.s. ) oh , um , I be not a professional ... ( off she look ) I be actually Rob and lily ' 's friend . hud . we have meet several time before . continued 26 27 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 1s . continued marlena ( do not know he ) oh right . of course . sorry , you have the camera block you ... face . hud ( 0.8 . ) yeah . that make sense . no problem . she give he a polite , dismissive smile , turn to get away from he , as she go -- hud ( 0.8 . ) if you want , though , I x11 still film you agency 's ... but she 's not listen anymore . hud ( 0.5 . ) okay . CUT to : int , apartment - live room - night 26 lily shut off the light , race through the crowd -- lily -- quiet -- everybody , quiet -- he 's come -- people gather around the live room . a hush fall as everyone quiet down , wait . hud focus on the front door -- click . it swing open . one of rob 's friend ( davis ) step inte the apartment , mouth to the crowd '' he 's right behind I . '' the crowd take a breath in anticipation , then -- Rob step through the doorway . they flip the light on -- crowd surprise ! Rob jump , legitimately surprised . then he take a breath , figure out what 's go on . he hang he head -- oh , hell . he shake he head , move to turn around and go back outside . the crowd laugh . and Rob step back into the apartment . CUT to : int . apartment - night - later 27 everyone 's hugging Rob , patting he on the back -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 16 . continued rob when do you guy plan all this ? as he glance around the party , we get the sense he 's look for someone -- CUT to : 28 int . apartment - night 28 a bit later . everyone 's quiet ; Rob stand in front of the crowd , a bit uncomfortable with all eye on he . but he try to put the best face on it as he address the party -- rob wow . this be ... this be a surprise . obviously . and ... it 's very sweet . nlock around ) thank you lily -- lily call out from the back of the crowd -- lily it be everyone , it be everyone -- rob thank you everyone . this really ... this really mean a lot . ( then ) that 's it . that 's all I get . he raise he glass in toast -- rob let 's have some fun . everyone cheer -- CUT to : 29 int . apartment - night 29 pick up rob as he approach hud -- rob hey hud ... be , uh ... ( look around ) be Beth come tonight ? hud ( 0.s. ) yeah . of course . I mean , I be sure lily invite she . ( more ) continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 17 . continued hud ( continued ) ( beat ) why would not she be here ? and Rob do not answer . he just shake he head . no reason . - after a beat , he glance at the camera , frown -- rob what be you do , anyway ? hud ( 0.s. ) oh -- ifm in charge of go around , get testimonial from everyone . rob mlaugh ) how would you get stick with that job ? silence . Rob glance at the camera , realize -- rob oturn on a dime ) I mean -- that 's a huge , huge -- hud ( 0.s . ) {dead serious ) this be gonna be you lifeline between there and here . rob I know -- I be thanking you . I be already thanking you in advance -- cuT to : 30 omitted 30 31 int . apartment - night 31 back to the testimonial . two girl ( heather and lei ) face the camera , raise they glass in toast -- heather lei congratulation , rob! congratulation ! heather as soon as you get settle , you should fly we out there to visit you , lei ( laugh ) you be such a whore . continued 32 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 18 . continued heather I be not -- I do not mean it like that -- lei how else could you mean it ? heather not like -- ( look at camera ) hud , erase that -- CUT to : int . apartment - night 32 Rob and Jason stand near the table where all the booze be , jagon 's laugh . we upcut right into they conversation -- jason you swear to god you do not know ? rob -- I swear to god . do not see it come at all . I be completely -- and as Rob glance off -screen , he face fall . hud follow he gaze -- across the room -- we find -- beth . she 's step into the live room , hugging lily hello . and right by Beth 's side ... be another guy . he smile , shake hand with lily as Beth introduce he -- hud swing the camera back to reb . who 's just stare at Beth and this guy . after a beat , Jason glance at Rob -- jason what 's the matter ? rob ( try to shake it off ) nothing . Rob steel himself , step forward to greet Beth . Jason stay behind , glance at hud -- jason who 's that guy ? continued 33 34 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 19 . continued hud ( 0.s. ) I do not know . CUT to : int . apartment - night 33 Rob approach Beth and the guy . as Beth hug Rob hello -- beth ... I be s0 , so sorry we miss the surprise -- rob beth -- that 's all right -- -- major cab problem -- I be really sorry -- rob it 's fine . Rob glance at the guy . Beth read he look -- beth sorry -- Rob , this be Travis . Travis , this be rob. rob ( shake he hand } hi. travis it 's a pleasure . I nve hear a lot about you . Rob do not say anything . just glance at Beth . Travis try to fill the ensue silence . travis congratulation , by the way . vice President . that 's fantastic . rob thank you . thanks . hold on the awkward silence . then -- CUT to : int . apartment - night 34 across the party -- we see Beth introduce Travis to some of the other people . everyone 's very welcoming , friendly . continued 35 a36 6/8/07 continued cloverfield by Drew Goddard 20 . hud float over to find rob on the other side of the room . he 's glance furtively over at Beth . a slightly sullen look on he face . unaware hud 's filming he , Rob take he drink , tess it back in a stiff gulp . glance at Beth again . he do not look happy . CUT tg : omitted 35 int . apartment - night a36 hud approach roh -- Rob stop hud ( 0.s. ) be everything cool ? rob it 's fine . it 's nothing . short as he glance at hud , realize -- rob be that my camera ? hud ( 0.8 . ) uh -- I do not know . you brother give it I . rob neye flash ) what tape be in there ? hud ( 0.s. ) I do not know . whatever be in there before , I guess , why ? Rob do not say anything . he glance across the party at Beth and Travis . hud ( 0.s. ) rob. why ? Rob look at hud . shake he head -- rob never mind . {beat } it do not matter . cuUT to : 36 37 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 21. int . apartment - night 36 hud approach Beth , who 's stand next to Travis . hud { 0.s. ) Beth -- I be filming goodby for Rob . will you say something ? and that seem to catch Beth off-guard . beth I ... do not know if that 's a good idea right now , hud . hud ( 0.s. ) efmon -- he 's leave . you may not get a chance to talk to he for a while . be not there anything you want to say ? Beth hesitates , then realize hud have a point . so she turn to Travis , hand he she glass . beth Travis , would you mind get I another drink ? travis sure , Travis walk off , head towards the kitchen . Beth look at hud , lead he away -- let 's go over here . as hud swing the camera around , we catch a glimpse of Rob on the other side of the party . he 's still glance at Beth . CUT to : int . apartment - night 37 testimonial . Beth face the camera . she 's stand in a secluded part of the apartment . out of earshot of everyone . beth Rob ... I do not really want to do this on camera , but ... I have not exactly hear from you lately and ... apparently you be gonna spend tonight in the corner . drink jaegermeister . with Charlie . so ... camera it be . she take a beat . soften . then -- continued 38-39 40 4i 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 22 . continued beth I just ... I just want you to know how happy I be for you . I know how hard you have work for this job and I know how much this mean to you , and ... ( voice waver ) and ... I be really gonna miss you . she collect herself . then -- beth I do not want you to think thing be weird between we , you know ? I mean -- thing be weird , but ... they do not have to be . whatever 's go on ... it 's I . it 's Beth . the girl who hold you hand when you get sick on the cyclone . se ... whenever you be ready , I / 1l , uh , be -- Beth 's face fall as something off - camera catch she eye . hud follows her gaze to find -- Rob . he 's walk towards they from across the party . that same angry expression on he face . as he approach -- rob {to Beth ) can I talk to you ? Beth nod . Rob lead she out the front door . hud stay where he be . he angle back toward the party . people watch Rob and Beth leave -- what 's go on ? cuT to : omitted 38-39 int . apartment - night 40 hud move slowly towards the front door . his hand enter frame as he cautiously pull the door open . swing the camera out into the hall -- int , apartment - hallway - night 41 down the hall -- just around the far corner , we catch glimpse of rob and beth . we can barely hear they voice -- they nre speak in hushed tone . but they seem to be engage in a heat argument . hud creep towards they , try to eavesdrop -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 23 . continued rob -- you bring a _quy to my go away party -- beth -- why do you care -- I have not even hear from you in week -- rob -- that 's not the point -- lily ( 0.8 . ) what be you do ? hud turn to find lily walk up beside he . look piss . Rob hear lily 's voice , see hud in the hallway . film they . rob hud -- lily I get it . ograb hud} c'mon , back inside . hud ( 0.s. ) but I be document . lily not this . hud ( whisper ) do you know what they be fight about ? lily do not say anything . but she face give it away -- hud ( 0.s. ) lily -- cuT to : 44 omitted 44 45 int , apartment - kitchen - night 45 hud and Jason have lily cornere in the kitchen . they be alone ; they speak in hushed tone -- continued 46 a7 48 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 24 . continued lily -- a couple week ago . Beth make I promise not to say anything -- jason -- they sleep together ? lilian -- how could you keep that quiet ? hud ( G.S. ) yeah -- why do not you tell I ? and lily just stop . stare at hud in disbelief -- lily why do not I tell you ? CUT to : int . apartment - night 46 Heather , lei and another guy ( miller ) cluster around hud . he 's fill they in -- hud ( 0.s. ) yep. Rob and Beth totally do it . heather let no way -- oh my god -- oh . this be why lily do not tell hud . CUT to : int . apartment - night at Charlie stare at the camera . he 's just applauding -- charlie Nice job , rob. finally . Nice job . ( keep clap ) that 's my boy . CUT to : int . apartment - night 48 marlena stare at the camera . then just shrug -- marlena well . maybe that be she go - away present to he . continued 49 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 25 . continued hud right . ( beat ; then ) wait -- we be suppose to get reb present ? wham -- just then , we hear the sound of a door be yanked OPEN . marlena jump , look towards the front door . hud follow she gaze -- to find beth as she storm back into the party . she 's red - face , furious . she glance around , see everyone 's staring at her , she try to compose herself , look over at Travis -- beth Travis . I be sorry . but we have to leave . travis ( confuse ; after a beat ) okay ... ( look around , awkward um , thank you all for -- beth Travis . he set the drink down . follow Beth as she turn to leave . Beth step back into the hallway . hud stay in the apartment . Beth 's frame in the doorway as she throw a glance back down the hall in Rob 's direction -- beth ( fume ) geod luck in Japan , Rob . we hear rob' voice yell from down the hall -- rob { ( 0.s. ) good luck tonight , Travis . Beth 's jaw drop . she stare off -screen , at a complete loss for word , then turn , storm off down the hall in the opposite direction . Travis follow . hud hold on the empty doorway , then swing the camera back towards the party ... and everyone 's just glance at each other . what do we do ? wow . this be uncomfortable . omitted 49 g 50 $ 1 52 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 26 . int . apartment - night 50 hud angle toward the doorway . after a quiet , tense beat , Rob sheepishly walk back into the apartment . see everyone stare at he . hold on rob -- as he hang he head slightly . shit . he look at everyone . take a breath . then -- rob sorry . ( beat ) sorry about that . Jason make a beeline across the room . cut the tension as he take control of the party -- jason *s all right -- first fight of the night . and it 's not even eleven yet . that 's a good party -- ( hand Rob a drink } next fight get twenty buck . who 's up for it -- Chris , Diane ? c'mon -- you guy hate each other -- as the crowd laugh , start to relax -- CUT to : omitted sl int . apartment - night 52 across the party -- everyone 's dance , have a good time . everyone , that be , except for reb , who 's stand near the bar , look more or less miserable . hud swing the camera around to find Jason and lily . they be watch Rob -- lily -- you guy have to do something -- jason just give he space . it 's fine . lily it 's not fine . he 's a black hole right now . you be he brother -- ( look to camera and you be he best friend . go ... make he happy . continued 53 's 4 55 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 27 . continued jason ( incredulous ) that 's not what we do -- cuT to : int . apartment - night 53 hud and Jason make they way through the party . Jason 's following rob -- he 's head into the bathroom . as Rob enter , start to shut the door behind he , Jason catch it and push himself -- int . bathroom - night $ 4 -- right into the bathroom with Rob . hud follow , shutting the door behind they . Rob look at he -- what the fuck be you do ? jason we gotta talk . rob now ? jason the whole party know you sleep with Beth . rob ( what ?) how do the whole -- jason lily tell hud . Rob turn , glare at hud . hud ( 0.s. } whoa . hang ion -- CUT to : int . apartment - bathroom - night 55 abit later . Rob 's sitce on the edge of the bathtub , shaking he head -- this be not happen . we upcut into they conversation -- jason -- I do not know why you be get so work up . ( more ) continued 6/8/07 continued wham wham we hear a cloverfield by Drew Goddard 28 . jason ( continued ) this be a good thing , right -- you and Beth ? we should be celebrate . hud ( 0.s. ) we be celebrate . jason exactly , but instead of a '' Rob 's go away '' party this should be a '' Rob slept with Beth '' party . hod ( 0.s. } that 's a way better party . rob it 's not like that -- there 's no '' Beth and I . '' it be just a ... spur of the moment thing . ( off they look ) we go out drink to celebrate the new job and then ... next thing you know ... we be in bed together . wham -- there 's 's a pound on the bathroom door . male voice ( Charlie 's ) yell from outside -- charlie { ( 0.s. ) guy , three dude in the bathroom be not cool . jason ( agnore he ) so , what --~ it be just a one - night stand ? rob well , it sorta ... last all weekend . Jason glance at hud -- nice . he look back to Rob -- jason then what the hell happen ? why do she hate you right now ? rob she do not hate I . jason I will rephrase . why be she dress like twiggy and bring some dude to you party ? continued 56 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 29 . continued ( 2 ) hud ( 0.s. ) Rob stop talk to she . rob how do you know about that ? jason you sleep with Beth and then do not call she ? ( beat ) when do you 'get this cool ? rob you know what -- can we not talk about this ? there 's more banging on the door -- charlie ( 0.s. ) be you guy shower in there ? jason dude , I do not get it -- you have be ebsess with Beth since college . you finally get together and now you be ... scream at each other in the hall . rob we do not get together . there 's no '' together . '' I be leave . so there 's only -- she , and mé . two separate thing . it 's better if we just ... stay friend . jason ( study he , then} you be a idiot . hud , tell he he 's a idiot . wham wham wham -- the banging get even louder -- it sound like several people be try to break down the door -- jason okay -- CUT to : eat . FIRE escape - night 56 suddenly , we be outside . Rob and Jason be drink beer on the fire escape . continued 6/8/07 continued cloverfield by Drew Goddard 30 . we can hear the music from the party inside . Rob 's still good and worked up -- we upcut right into they conversation - rob jason -- that 's not what I be say -- you be put -- no no -- I understand word in my mouth -- now . you do not need to explain ... jason you be not good enough for she . rob ( take offense ) it 's not that I feel like I be not geod enough for she ... jason who say '' feel like ? '' you be not good enough for she -- that 's a fact . that 's science . ( beat ) she 's Beth mcintyre . she from this whole other planet . like saturn , but with rich people . and she 's beautiful and charming and you be ... you know ... sort of a douche bag . ( off he look } but Japan 's not gonna fix that . you go away , become a vice - President , and when you come back , she 's still Beth and you be still a douche bag . rob this be a good talk we be have , Jason , thank you . jason my point be -- Beth do not care . she 's crazy about you . now . as you be . but you gotta act on that shit . if you leave -- if you let she go -- you be never gonna forgive yourself . rob it 's not that simple . jason it be that simple . I be simplify thing for you . stay here . screw Japan . work be for asshole . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 31 . continued ( 2 ) rob I be not take life advice from you , Jason . you can not even pay the electric bill -- jason that be a one time thing . I be gonna get you back for that . rob -- if you do not have lily , you would be a homeless person . jason but lhave lily . and you be so worried about you goddamn future you let Beth walk right out that door . and Rob do not respond . he know Jason have a point . he stare out at the city , shake he head . Jason grab Rob by the back of the neck -- look at I . it 's a brotherly gesture -- we get the sense he 's do this sort of thing before -- jason it 's moment , Rob . * S all that matter . ( beat ) you gotta learn to say , '' fuck the world 's and just hang on tight to the people you love . and just as Jason say that -- sssssssshrhhhrrroqoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrr !} the whole world seem to shake as a thunderous SOUND rip through the city . it 's deafening -- like nothing we have ever hear before . it seem to come from all around US -- all the light in the CITY black out . hud almost drop the camera . Jason and Rob grab hold of the FIRE escape as the world continue to shake -- the SOUND build and build -- we hear scream from inside the apartment -- the sound of glass breaking -- and then ... it 's over . the sound die down . the world stop shaking . the light come back on throughout the city . continued 57 58 53 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 32 . continued ( 3 ) Jason and Rob struggle to catch they breath . they glance at each other , panic in they eye -- jason what the hell be that ? CUT to : omitted . s7 int . apartment - night 58 moving fast into the apartment -- everyone 's panicked , talk over each other . amidst the cacophony -- rob -- be everyone okay ? voice voice -- it be like the whole -- what be that ? -- building -- voice voice -- like a earthquake -- -- what be that_sound -- Jason race through the party , make a beeline for lily . we see he grab she , pull she close -- jason you okay -- you okay ? she nod . hud swing the camera around -- we see some picture have fall off the wall , a lamp have tip over and shattered -- jason be anyone hurt ? everyone quiet down . trade glance . shake they head -- we be all okay . lily {scared} Jason -- what be that ? cuut to : int , apartment - night 59 Rob 's move across the party , head to the television . he turn it on , flip the channel to ny1 -- 60 61 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 33. int . apartment - night 60 hud pull focus on the television screen . we see a breaking newscast in progress -- on the screen -- a helicopter shot of new york harbor . we see coast guard patrol boat racing out to sea . we see the news banner : '' tanker capsiZe in new york harbor . '' news anchor ( 0.s. ) ... report of a earthquake have be flooding emergency call center throughout Manhattan -- as the helicopter shot adjust , we see a capsiZed oqil tanker just below LIBERTY island . we hear a reporter' voice -- it sound as though she 's talk on a cell phone -- reporter »..as I say , the Coast Guard report the accident at 12:06 be , which be ten minute before the ... the disturbance -- whoosh -- inside the apartment -- the window rattle as a helicopter fly by overhead . everyone in the party bristle at the noise -- on the screen -- the news shot widen to include the statue of LIBERTY . reporter ..- unable to confirm at this point what the disturbance be or if the two be , in fact , connect -- hud ( 0.s. ) that 's right out there ... jason ( realize ) we can probably see it from the roof -- CUT to : int . / ext . apartment build - roof - night 61 hud 's following rob as they move with a crowd of party - goer up the building 's stair . they step out through the doorway , onto the build be roof -- continued 62 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 34 . continued hud ( 0.s. ) -- but if it be a earthquake , what be that noise -- rob yeah , I do not know , hud ... ( look out at the city ) I never hear anything like that before . hud follow he gaze . in the distance -- we can see glimpsis of new york harbor . Coast guard searchlight cut streak through the night sky -- cut to : ext . apartment build - roof - night 62 hud 's move closer to the edge of the building . we hear our people talk over one another . hud try to zoom in on the harbor with the camera -- marlena ( 0.s. ) charlie ( 0.5 . ) -- this be exactly what it feel like before -- -- you be not even in the eity for that -- -- but it 's dark , and the harbor 's too far away . the image devolve into pixelated light . so hud zoom out -- jason ( 0.s. ) marlena ( 0.s. ) -- have to have be a earthquake -- -- a earthquake ? in Manhattan ? -- lily -- the light go out -- hud get wide , swing the camera to include Rob , Jason , and lily who be talk near the edge of the roof -- jason -- that 's what I be say -- the light would not just flicker out -- rob it still do not explain what that sound w-- kaaaaa-bcoooccoooomm ! just then -- a massive explosion erupt down at new york harbor . we catch a glimpse of it as the crowd scream , the camera shake -- continued 63 64 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 35 . continued hud struggle to right himself . swing the camera toward the explosion . we see a huge fireball lighting up the night sky . crowd qh my god -- we see tendril of smoke and debris snake up into the night sky . the crowd stare at it in panicked awe . hud 's following the debris overhead as it 's tracking across the night sky . and it take a moment for the crowd to realize ... a_large chunk of the debris be come right at they . scream rip through the crowd -- people dive out of the way a split - second before -- whaamm ! the debris slam into the rooftop , narrowly miss several people . more scream erupt from the crowd -- chaos as people struggle to help one another to they foot , bolt towards the exit -- camera shake as hud follow -- around they -- ff£fft -- fffft -- ff££ft -- streak of hot ash and debris rain down -- as hud race through the exit door -- int . apartment build - stairwell - night 63 the camera jolt in frenzied action as everybody race down the stair -- and right then -- boom . the entire build shake around they -- people scream -- Rob stop in he track , right in front of hud -- rob what _wa that ? jason c'mon -- go -- int . apartment build - stairwell - night 64 the crowd continue to race down the stair -- jason -- move move move -- boom . the whole build shake . people lose they foot , a girl fall down -- Jason pull she back to she foot -- the crowd push forward , take stair two , three at a time -- 65 66 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 36 . ext . street - night 65 the crowd spill out into the street , where hundred of new yorker be racing from they apartment building . boom . it almost as though the whole CITY shake . it 's chaos -- everyone desperate to figure cut what 's happen -- down the STREET -- cry of alarm ring out from the crowd -- hud raise the camera above he head to get a better view -- in the distance -- through the corridor of skyscraper -- we see the plume of smoke from the explosion . hundred of people be racing away from it , toward US -- boom . the world shake again . hud lose he balance , the camera swing downward , and right then we hear -- scccreeeachhh -- a horrible tearing SOUND -- follow by -- wham ! the sound of something powerful striking metal -- scream reverberate through the crowd -- hud try to right the camera -- he swing it back down the STREET just as -- something come rocketing out of the smoke -- it 's big -- it streak through the AIR like @ meteor -- it hit one of the skyscraper -- wham ! -- bounce toward US -- camera jerk -- people dive out of the way as the meteor crash down in the STREET -- wham ! -- it careen right past US -- tear up concrete as it come to a stop -- hud try to steady the camera , focus on this massive object in the middle of the street . we recognize bit and piece -- the GREEN metal -- the pointed crown -- and then all at once it snap into focus and we realize it 's -- the statue of Liberty 's head . scream of oh my GOD erupt from the crowd . camera shake as hud try to fight the current and make he way toward he friend ~- ext . manhattan STREET - night 66 moving toward a group of our people in the crowd . we see Jason race out of the building , reunite with lily . as he grab she and pull she close , we hear we people yell over one another -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 37 . continued marlena ANTONIO -- what else could it be ? -- how could terrorist rip the head off the statue _of and as hud try to fight through the increase frenzy building in the street -- sssssssshrhhhrrrocoaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrr I the thunderous SOUND rip through the city once again -- all across the CITY the light black out -- and as the sound build and build we realize there 's something about it that 's vaguely familiar -- it 's primitive . guttural . almost ... angry . people clutch they hand to they ear ... the noise become deapening . but then , just as abruptly as it begin ... the noise stop . and , in the aftermath , there 's a eerie moment of silence as the light in the city come back on ... we hear car alarm ringing out and then -- the scream begin . panic rip through the crowd -- people start to break north , away from where the sound come from -- boom . the world shake once again . it 's louder this time , more violent . nearby , we can hear Jason yell -- jason ( 0.s. } guy -- we have to stay together -- where be you go ? boom . even louder this time . hud nearly drop the camera . a wave of scream erupt from down the street . hud swing the camera back down the street , just in time to see -- something gisappear_ behind the skyscraper . it happen fast . a quick flash of movement in the distance . but , from what we could see , it look a awful lot like that something be alive , and enormous . we can audibly hear hud 's breath catch in he throat -- hud ( 0.8 . ) oh my god -- hud swing the camera back towards we group . they be try to hold fast to one another in the surging crowd -- continued 67-68 69 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 38 . continued ( 2 ) hud ( 0.8 . ) do you see that ? just then -- ssskkrrreeee ~- the air erupt with the sicken sound of metal and concrete be torn apart . hud swing the camera back down the street just as -- one of the skyscraper collapse . hud catch the tail end of it . we see the roof of the building plummet and disappear in the cloud of debris at the base . scream rip through the crowd once again as -- in the distance , down the canyon of skyscraper , we see the wall of debris from the collapse start to radiate outward -- right toward US . hud angle back toward we people -- several member be already start to break from the group , race away -- hud ( 0.s. ) guy -- do you see that -- but Jason and Rob be focus on the debris racing towards they . as they be back away , momentarily stunne -- jason get off the street ... Rob nod . Jason grab lily -- he eye dart towards a nearby storefront . as he start move towards it , he yell to the other around he -- jason get off the street ! boom . the world shake . hud angle back towards the street . we see the debris rapidly get closer and closer -- rob hud -- C ’mon -- camera jerk -- as though hud 's get yanked -- cuT to : omitted 67-68 ext . manhattan STREET - night 69 hud 's racing at top speed behind Rob . they nre follow dason , lily , and a few other from we party into -- 70 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 39 . int . bodega - night 70 -- the same bodega we see Jason and lily in earlier . as hud race through the front door , the cashier wave he in -- cashier get inside -- get in -- we see several other new yorker take cover in the store . a burly guy wave hud forward -- burly guy behind the counter -- boom . hud nearly wipe out , slide behind the counter , settling in next to Rob , Jason , lily and the other . he swing the camera back toward the door -- burly guy terrified woman shut the door -- get away from the glass -- the cashier wave one last person inside and shut the door . hud hold on the glass window -- we can hear everyone 's terrify breathing -- boom . the whole bodega shake . outside -- we see people scatter , look over they shoulder in terror -- then ... the debris start roll imto frame . we hear hud try to catch he breath . hud angle the camera just slightly -- we catch a glimpse of Rob in front of he , stare forward , out the window -- hud ( 0.s. } Rob -- Rob -- I see it -- through the window -- we see the cloud of debris roll through the street . it get thicker and thicker -- it black out the streetlight -- boom . the store shake violently . the front pane of glass start to crack . everyone scream -- scare man jenn oh god -- what be that ? through the window -- everything be pitch black . hud ( 0.s. } Rob -- I see it -- ( try to catch breath ) it be alive -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 40 . continued and that get Rob 's attention . he glance back at hud -- rob what. do you mean it_was alive ? and just as he say that , through the window behind rob -- whoosh -- the debris swirl -- we catch a glimpse of movement outside as -- boom ! the world shake -- the storefront window explode inward -- as the glass shatter , debris rush in -- amidst the scream , we hear Jason yell -- jason bown -- and as the black cloud of debris envelop US , hud drop the camera to the ground -- we catch a glimpse of hud as he duck the the floor -- cover he mouth with he hand -- boom -- camera bounce -- the debris be all around we -- we hear everyone crying out , gasp for air -- second go by -- then -- boom -- the world shake again . only ... less violently this time . as though whatever be cause this tremor be move further away ... a few more second go by -- boom -- we hear everyone coughing , gasping -- then we hear -- lily ( 0.s. } Jason -- what be you do ? jason ( 0.8 . ) ( though coughs} dust stay down -- hud pick up the camera -- he swing it towards the front of the store -- through the haze -- we can see the debris outside have dissipate just a bit . everyone inside the store be crouch down , cover they mouth with they hand . Jason creep forward , steadying himself as -- boom -- another quake ring out . but it sound far away now -- lily dason -- do not -- jason dust stay there lily -- continued 71 a72 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 41 , continued ( 2 ) dason step across the shattered glass , peek outside . we can see he shoulder slump as he take in the sight -- rob Jason -- Jason step forward cautiously -- into the STREET -- rob Jason -- goddamn it -- Rob move to follow he brother . after a beat , hud follow he . we move through the store , step outside -- ext . bodega - night 71 -- and as hud cross the store 's threshold , he swing the camera down the street to reveal -- the entire street be devastate . it 's harrowing . the same street we see moment ago be now completely destroy . the concrete 's torn apart ; car be smashed , flip on they side . all around US -- debris hang like fog , litter the area -- hud survey the area -- the trail of destruction continue down the street , as far as the eye can see -- we see people who be not lucky enough to get indoors when the wave of debris hit . they emerge from the debris like ghost . they be cover in grey soot -- many of they in day SHOCK - hud angle towards a woman -- she 's cover in soot , emerge from the haze . as she stumble forward , clearly in shock , it take hud a second to realize he recognize she -- hud ( 0.s. ) oh god -- marlena -- lily turn , see she friend . rushes towards she . as marlena glance at lily , tear spring to she eye . lily grab she and hold she -- lily it 's okay . you be okay ... cuT to : omitted a72 72 6/38/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 42 , ext . bodega - night 72 moment later . the rest of our group have venture out of the bodega . of the people from the party , there an only a handful of people we recognize . we upcut into there conversation -- everyone 's talk over one another -- we angle towards a frantic man who be catch outside -- frantic man jenn -- walk right through the -- calm down -- what be you street -- talk about -- what do you see -- lily ANTONIO where 's everyone else -- -+ scattered as soon as the where 's the rest of we building come down -- group -- rob frantic man what could possibly de this -- -- that 's what I be try to tell you -- as they talk , hud angle the camera aver towards lily and marlena . lily 's hold she friend , try to help clean the soot out of she eye . frantic man jenn ~- it walk right over I -- what do you mean '' it ? '' frantic man that 's what that sound be -- it 's move -- he look out at the street , panicked -- frantic man that be footstep . Rob glance at hud , realize -- rob you say you see it , hud -- what do you_see -- hud ( 0.s. ) rob I - I do not know ... you say it be alive -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 43 . continued hud ( 0.s. } i_do not know . it be huge , Rob . it go right behind the building and then -- ( realize ) I be filming -- I have it on tape -- rob what ? hud swing the cambra down -- we catch a glimpse of everyone 's shoe as hud fumble with the button -- hud ( 0.s . ) ( excited ) here -- I can show you -- we can rewind the --~ z2z2shhhzz -- the screen fill with static as the tape abruptly cut -- int . F train - day close on beth . she 's look right at we . it 's jarring -- it take we a moment to realize we be look at footage that be record on the tape earlier . Beth 's in mid-conversation with Rob . they ' be sit on the subway -- beth -- I mean , it 's a great opportunity -- rob { q.s. } -- I barely speak the language -- beth please -- how hard can it be ? rob ( 0.s. ) it 's japanese . it 's japanese-hard . she laugh at that . after a beat -- rob ( 0.s. } you really think I should go ? and Beth hesitates . her face fall just a bit as she glance at Rob . and in that moment -- zzzshhzzz -- the screen fill with static again -- 6/8/07 ext . bodega - night we upcut right into a heat conversation . cloverfield by Drew Goddard 44 , 74 we hear RAW panic in everyone 's voice as they yell over one another -- ANTONIO -- bigger than the goddamn skyscraper ! terrified woman -- jesus hell be what be it -- what the down the STREET -- we see a glimpse of the burly man run away from we . jenn nothing 's that big -- ANTONIO you see it -- you all thing I do -- heather -- it be so far away it -- ANTONIO -- that 's all you_need to see . something bigger than a skyscraper move -- ANTONIO -- I '' not yell at you -- ANTONIO as though what he see on the tape make he as he glance over he shoulder -- see the same jenn -- right -- that 's what I be say -- all I see be something move -- jenn -- stop yell at I -- jason -- shut up ... I be just try to figure out what 's happen -- jason shut up . for a second -- everyone look at Jason , guy -- please -- shut up we can seé he mind racing as he compose himself , take control --~- jason I do not know . but ... it 's 's gotta go . {more } - what that be . 11_here . so ... we continued 75 76 77 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 45 . continued jason ( continued ) ( beat ) we gotta get the hell outta Manhattan . CUT to : ext . manhattan STREET - night - later 75 moment later . the group 's start to move down the street -- ANTONIO -~- take a straight shot to Canal , hook over to williamsburg -~- jason -- do you know how far that be -- Brooklyn 's right there -- hud approach lily and marlena . marlena 's still out of it , stare back at the trail of destruction . hud ( 0.8 . ) we need to go . lily nod . lily marlena , we be gonna get out of here . okay ? ( then ) marlena ? and marlena finally turn back . look at they with haunted eye . say quietly -- marlena it be eat people . nstart cry ) it be eat everyone ... and as lily glance at hud -- oh jesus -- we CUT to -- omitted 76 ext . street - night 77 on the move . further away . we see throng of people move down the street . all head in the same direction . in front of US , we see lily help marlena forward . beside US , Rob 's try to dial he phone -- continued 78 73 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 46 . continued rob I can not get service ... ( look around ) do anyone 's phone work ? ( glance at camera ) hud ? hud ( 0.s. } shit -- it 's in my jacket -- back at the place -- rob guy ? jenn 's nearby -- she 's check she phone , shake she head -- jenn no -- there 's no signal . frustrate , Rob try dial again . hud hold on he . CUT to : ext . street - night 78 further still . the street be now thick with crowd move out of the city . we be move across a intersection -- on the corner . a ambulance have pull over , and emt have set up a makeshift triage CENTER . we see a emt tend to a person with a bleeding head wound -- in the ambulance -- we can hear someone scream in pain -- CUT to : ext . street - night 79 we be crossing the street . a police officer try to wave the crowd across . as hud approach he , the Officer yell at the crowd -- police officer keep move -- everyone -- towards the bridge -- hud ( 0.s. ) what 's happen -- please -- sir -- what_was that thing ? the Officer look at hud -- for a split second , we can see a glimpse of fear in he eye . but then he wave hud off -- continued 80 81 82 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 47 . continued police officer ( try to maintain order ) if you be not injure , keep moving -- cur to : omitted 80 ext . street - night 81 still move . we be near the back of the group . hud 's focus on marlena -- lily 's walk with she arm around she , try to help clean the soot out of marlena 's eye . hud approach , concerned -- hud ( 0.s. ) } be she all right ? {to marlena ) be you all right ? but marlena still in shock . she glance at hud -- be you kid I ? marlena , be I what ? lily not now , hud . hud stop . they continue forward . hud hold on they . hud ( 0.s. ) ( quietly ) I be just try to help ... blaring siren ring out through the air . hud look over to find a convoy of police cruiser and FIRE engine racing through the city at top speed . cuT to : ext . park row - night 82 the crowd' thicker -- people be rush en masse down the street . hud follow they , swinging the camera to find -- the brooklyn bridge . we can see its tower stand tall in the night sky . CUT to : 83 84 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 48. ext . brooklyn bridge - night 83 looking down the bridge -- we be up high . we can see traffic 's at a standstill below we . we see rows and rows of gridlock car -- we hear honking -- people yelling -- as hud pull back , widen out , we realize he 's look down from the pedestrian walkway that run the length of the bridge down the center . hud swing the camera forward , revealing hundred of people move en masse down the walkway . we see glimpsis of our group amidst the crowd . hud hurry to keep up with they -- ext . brooklyn bridge - pedestrian walkway - night b84 from a distance -- we be look out at New York Harbor . as we zoom in , we realize we be look at what 's leave of the statue of Liberty . her head have be tear clean off -- claw mark scar she upper torso . in the Harbor beside she , we see the flaming wreckage of the oil tanker - on the horizon -- we catch glimpsis of coast guard spotlight . the boat seem to be racing right towards we . whoosh -- a helicopter race by overhead . it 's fly low -- the rotor wash kick up wind around they , people in the crowd cry out involuntarily -- hud widen out , swing the camera around to find rob in the crowd next to he . Rob 's distract , try he phone again . as he glance at hud -- rob why be you still filming ? hud ( 0.s. ) I do not know . people be gonna want to know ... how this all go down . rob ( after a beat ) you could just tell they . after we get out of this . and just that hint of optimism seem to lift hud 's spirit . hud ( q.s. } would not work . people be gonna need to see this . ( beat ) and nobody ever listen to I anyway . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 4g. continued Rob stop in he track . stare at he phone . realize he dust get through -- rob it 's ringing -- whip -fast , he hold the phone up to he ear . cover he other ear with he hand -- rob ( into phone ) Beth ? beth ? lily hear Beth 's name , realize what happen . she stop in she track , yell up ahead -- lily Jason -- wait -- rob ( into phone ) Beth -- I can not hear y-- Rob try to move out of the crowd towards the side of the walkway . hud stay with he -- rob {into phone ) Beth -- you have to -- {face fall ) what 's wrong ? lily Jason -- whoosh -- the helicopter cross overhead again . Rob tense in frustration -- jason ( 0.s. ) lily -- guy --- hud swing the camera forward . down the bridge -- Jason 's a good thirty yard ahead , try to wave they forward . with all the other noise , we can barely hear he -- jason c'mon -- we have to keep move -- lily ( 0 .$ . ) wait -- he 's get Beth ~- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 50 . continued ( 2 ) hud swing the camera back toward rob , who 's move right up to the edge of the walkway , desperate to hear he phone -- rob {into phone ) Beth -- calm down -- I can not -- ( try to listen ) where be you ? Beth -- and Rob 's listen , he face go white -- rob ( into phone ) what do you mean you can not move ? rumble . just as Rob say that , the whole bridge shake . his eye go wide with panic as he try to keep he balance -- below US -- a wave of scream erupt from the bottom level . as though people can see something terrifying -- hud swing the camera over the side , look down . but all he can see be pedestrian racing away in panic from the south side of the bridge -- beside hud , we can hear lily scream -- lily ( 0.s. } jason -- hud swing the camera back up -- we see marlena -- she 's beside lily , glance at hud with terror in she eye -- marlena can you see it ? hud ( 0.s. } I can not see anything -- rumble . the whole bridge shake again . scream ring out -- all around we -- people break into a frenzy , desperate to get off the bridge -- it 's chaos -- jason ( 0.s. ) lily -- up ahead -- we see Jason fight he way back through the crowd towards we -- and just then , behind he -- jason lily -- stay there , [ I 'm -- an_enormous white hand reach up over the walkway . Jason do not see it -- lily barely have time to scream -- continued es 86 6/6/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 51 . continued ( 3 ) lily ( 0.8 . ) jason ! the hand smashes down -- wham -- and -- crush jason into the pavement . the hand rip right through the walkway , Jason 's body disappear in a flash of pulverize cement and blood -- wwwhh -~crack -- above we -- suspension cable SNAP , the ground lurch as the walkway be torn in half -- the shockwave knock hud to the ground -- all around US -- we hear blood - curdling scream of hysteria -- hud struggle to stand -- he swing the camera towards -- the bridge . there 's now a enormous hole tear right through the middle of it . we catch glimpsis of people and car plummeting off the bridge into the water below -- the ground lurch violently again -- hud turn -- camera catch a glimpse of -- lily . she 's on the ground -- stare at the spot where Jason use to be -- scream her heart out -- as she struggle to stand , Rob 's beside she , a similar look of SHOCK and horror on he face -- around they -- the frenzied crowd be racing to get off the bridge -- Rob 's hold lily back -- pull she away from the chaos -- hud move towards they -- hud ( 0.s. ) C ’mon +--+ ext . brooklyn bridge - night $ 5 hud race with the crowd away from the destruction -- moving at top speed , as fast as he can -- the ground shake violently -- we be in the center of a massive EARTHQUAKE -- ext . brooklyn bridge - night 86 still racing away -- all around US -- the horrible screech of metal and concrete be rip in two -- people scream -- we hear hud 's terrified breathing -- 87 88 83 30 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 's 2. ext . STREET - near bridge - night 87 up ahead -- we catch a glimpsis of rob and lily -- they be run for they life , with the crowd -- sscccccrrrrr ~- the screech of buckle metal fill the air -- hud swing the camera around -- as he do so , we see marlena race by we -- terror on she face -- hud angle back toward the bridge -- it 's hard to get a good view -- terrified crowd be racing towards we -- but rise above they , we can see -- the Bridge 's tower . and it 's slowly toppling over -- ssccccrrr -- it disappear out of view as it fall -- hud spin back around , keep move -- ext . street - night 88 hud round a corner , still racing at top speed . we pass people who be stand still , stare in horror at the bridge spectacle . we get the sense we be out of immediate danger -- but hud keep run -- ext . STREET - night bo way up ahead -- off to the side of the street -- we see rok , lily , and marlena have stop -- hud 's move towards they -- ext . STREET / int . electronics store - night 90 ( note : the follow sequence will take place in one shot .] we be move through the crowd , head towards we people . as we approach , we can hear lily pained cry . Rob 's hold she tight in he arm -- she 's sobbing hysterically -- we can hear hud try to catch he breath . as he get close , we see lily nearly buckle in Rob 's arm -- it 's as though she leg give out entirely -- between sob -- lily -- what be that -- what be that -- marlena try to help -- but lily 's a wreck -- she push marlena and Rob away -- back against the wall behind she -- hold she head in she hand -~ the tear nearly choke she -- lily -- please -- what happen -- somebody please tell I what happen -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 53 . continued hud angle the camera towards rok . he 's take a few step away . he 's stare forward , blank expression on he face . there 's something eerie about it -- he 's so deeply in SHOCK that he seem to have disconnect from the world entirely . chirp . we hear a noise . it 's a quick beep , barely audible . in fact , nobody even react to it . lily -- it just come from nowhere -- he do not see it -- he do not even see it -- he be there and then he be go -- {through sob ) what be that ? what just happen ... marlena crouch next to lily -- marlena I do not know ... I do not know ... hud angle back toward rob -- he 's still stand in the middle of the street . with that look on he face -- it 's as though he 's completely short - circuite . hud ( 0.s.} ( try to catch he breath ) Rob -- Rob -- I be sorry -- I be so sorry -- but Rob do not respond . chirp . we hear that SOUND again . hud ( 0.s. ) Rob -- be you okay , man ? Rob ? Rob do not say a thing . just stand there . Shell - shocked . hud ( 0.s. ) Rob ? crash ! just then , the sound of a window shatter jolt hud . he swing the camera -- across the STREET -- we see several people kick in the door of a corner electronics store . looters immediately storm the place -- hud swing the camera back to the group -- marlena 's glance out at the chaos building in the street . she look at hud -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 54 . continued ( 2 ) marlena we can not stay here ... chirp . there 's that sound again . hud swing the camera back towards Rob -- hud ( 0.s. ) Rob ... we gotta get move . it 's not safe here . we gotta -- ( try to think ) I do not know . we could go up , try the williamsburg ... or try to cross to the other side ... try the tunnel or something -- I do not know , I do not know -- ( beat ) but she 's right -- we can not stay here -- we gotta do something ... chirp . hud hold on rob . it 's not even clear if Rob 's hearing hud right now -- hud ( 0.s . ) what do we do , Rob ? around they -- we can hear the distant sound cf people 's scream ; the dull thudding of what sound like explosion -- chirp . there it be again . only this time -- Rob seem to recognize it . in fact , the sound seem to roust he slightly . he glance down , reach into he pocket -- and pull out he phone . as he flip it open , realize -- rob ( almost to himself ) there 's a message ... Rob hit a button on he phone , try to playback but then -- chirp . Rob tense as he realize that noise he 's be hearing be the sound of he battery die -- rob no -- he try to dial again , but -- ch-chirp . the phone die outright . rob continued asl 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 55 . continued ( 3 } we hear he breath catch in he throat -- panic building in he chest as he try to hold himself together . his eye dart up , glance around -- what do I do ... what do I do ... and then , suddenly , without warning -- Rob turn and start walk away . hud { 0.s. ) Rob -- ? it 's like he 's ina trance . we can hear Rob mutter to himself as he pass hud -- rob my phone 's dead ... hud swing the camera towards marlena and lily . marlena 's look at Rob in disbelief -- marlena where be you go ? ( glance at hud ) what 's he do ? hud turn to follow rob . but Rob 's move fast , make a beeline right towards the electronics store . as hud hurry to catch up , we see looters emerge from the store -- two guy be carry a flatscreen television . another person be racing out with a stereo . Rob walk right by they . dee not even seem to notice . hud ( 0.s. ) Rob , what be you do ? wait -- as they approach the entrance -- hud ( 0.s. ) uh Rob ... this store 's close . Rob walk right inside , pass looter on the way out . hud hesitates for a moment , then follow he friend -- int . electronics store - night agll -- inside the store . as Rob make he way down the aisle , pass looter . hud [ 0.s. ) Rob -- seriously -- they pass several television mount on the wall -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 56 . continued hud ( 0.8 . ) we should not be h-- and hud stop in he track , angle towards the television as he realize -- there be newscast plave on the screen , on the first television -- we see footage of the brooklyn bridge . a news shot show we a giant hole tear right through the center of the structure . but it 's the second television that catch hud 's attention ... the news banner read : '' creature attack new york . '' on the screen : a helicopter shot be look down on the city , through the alley of skyscraper . and there , behind one of the building , be -- the monster . it 's hard to make it out clearly -- it 's dark , we get the sense the helicopter do not want to get too close . but as they spotlight flare across it , we see enough to know -- that 's a creature , all right . it 's absolutely enormous -- as big as the skyscraper around it , if not bigger . its massive body scrape against a nearby building , send debris everywhere -- hud { 0.s. ) oh jesus ... rumble . hud jerk , surprised , and swing the camera towards the front of the store -- through the door -- we can see a convoy of military humvee and troop transport racing past we down the street -- hud swing the camera back toward the television . we see a looter have stop whatever he be do and be now watch the television with hud -- on the first screen -- we see a field reporter stand behind what look like a military blockade -- on the second screen -- the helicopter 's angle around , try to get a better vantage point of the monster . hud reach forward , turn the volume up on both screen -- continued b91 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard s7 . continued ( 2 } second screen {( v.0.} -- confirm only that it emerge from the water south of Manhattan a little over -- field reporter -- currently in the process of evacuate the city , hope to contain the creature to the baxter / bayard area -- hud glance over at the looter next to he -- hud ( 0.8 . ) that 's not far -- that 's only like , what , twenty , twenty - five block from here ... the looter just glance at he , nod . as the newscast continue , hud turn back towards the front door . curiosity get the best of he , he head -- ext . street - night b91 -- back outside . down the STREET -- we see a convoy of military vehicle -- they be roll slowly towards we , herding people away from the north part of the city -- a voice bark order over a transport 's loudspeaker -- loudspeaker -- gontinue south -- no citizen will be allow north of Canal for any reason -- hud head towards they , duck round the corner . angle the camera down the STREET -- in the distance -- we can see the same helicopter searchlight we see on the newscast . we recognize one of the skyscraper ; we see the same trail of debris snake up into the sky . we hear the faint rumblings of the building shaking -- the noise have almost become commonplace -- hud zoom in , we catch a glimpse of movement behind the skyscraper . it look like the ghostly white silhouette of the creature ; one of the spotlight hit it just as -- the monster' tail whip up above the skyscraper . continued csl 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 5b . continued hud gasp . behind he , we hear the military convoy get closer , the loudspeaker blaring . hud turn , hurry round the corner , and back into -- int . electronics store - night col -- the store . down the aisle , towards the back of the store , we can see Rob toss aside box of cell phone and accessories as he search for the right battery -- hud ( 0.8 . ) Rob -- we do not want to be here right now -- but Rob do not even look up -- he 's intense , on a mission . as hud hurry down the aisle towards he -- he pass the television . and a few more looters be now watch the screen with rapt attention . hud can not help himself -- he glance towards the screen -- on the first screen -- the helicopter have angle a little closer -- we see the monster 's back -- it 's hunched over , seem to be rub its body against a building -- we hear a commentator's voice . he sound a bit flummox -- commentator ( 0.8 . ) } -- at this point , everything be pure speculation -- on the second screen -- we see a military officer try to move the field reporter away from the blockade . she 's try to finish she report -- pield reporter -- will not comment on the course of action , but it 's clear there 's a sizable mobilization of -- hud angle back towards the first screen . the helicopter shot have zoom in a bit . we can see what look like flake of skin fall off the monster 's back -- commentator ( 0.s. ) -- perhaps some sort of symbiotic relationship with the creature . a parasite , if you will -- the shot zoom in , follow a flake down to the ground . and as the flake hit the street ... it move . continued 6/b/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 59 . continued anchor ( 0.s. ) oh -- whatever it be , it 's move -- the image be blurry , but we can see pixelated movement as the spider- like parasite skitter across the ground . we see it race towards the military perimeter -- on the second screen -- we see the camera shake as gunfire ring out -- on the first screen -- the parasite launch itself at the soldier ... wwnsshhllk !! the soldier scream -- though the image be blurry , we get the sense that something violent and horrible be happen to he -- commentator ( 0.s. } qh my god -- and the first screen abruptly cut to the news studio . the anchorman , unprepare , stare back at the camera , stunne -- anchor ( horrify ) uh ... on the second screen -- we can hear the field reporter scream , and then it also cut to standby footage -- marlena ( 0.s. } what be you _avy do ? hud swing the camera to find marlena as she pull lily through the front door -- marlena we have to get out of here -- like , now . where 's ~- nsee over hud 's shoulder ) Rob ! they hurry right past hud . he turn to follow they . in the back of the store , we see rob tear open a cell phone package . he yank out the battery -- marlena Rob -- we gotta go . the military 's evacuate this whole place -- Rob slam the battery into he phone . check the signal -- it 's good . he turn , move towards the back corner . where it 's quiet . marlena throw a glance towards hud -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 60 . continued ( 2 ) hud [ ( 0.8 . ) do not look at I -- I have try -- marlena Rob -- it 's the army -- and that thing 's right over -- Rob flash marlena a look that stop she in she track -- rob quiet . Rob hit a button , hold the phone to he ear . tries to listen . look frustrated -- this be not work . he hold the phone down , hit a button . cranks up the volume . we realize -- he 's put it on speakerphone -~- there 's a moment of silence -- Rob , hud , lily , and marlena all stare at the phone , wait in tense anticipation , then -- beep -- the message start play -- and beth 's voice fill the air -- beth ( over phone ) Rob -- Rob --~ I can not -- oh god -- I can not move -~- she sound panicked , hysterical -- beth {over phone ) Rob -- it fall -- my apartment -- the whole wall fall on I -- hud@ 's angling in on rob as Beth 's message play -- beth ( over phone ) -- I can not -- I be bleed and i_ can not _ move -- c-crack -- just then , a violent SOUND ring out over the phone -- it sound like concrete tear in half -- Beth scream -- we hear she panicked breathing as she gasp -- beth ( over phone } oh god -- Rob -- Rob -- rob --+ and it cut out . continued 91 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 61 . continued ( 3 } we nre close on rob as the message end . as we hold on he , we can see it all play out on he face as he stare at the phone -- the horror at what he 's just hear , the building panic in he chest , the overwhelming sense of helplessness -- nobedy say a word . nobody know what to say . and Rob ? he just stare at that phone . we see he jaw clench , we get the sense he 's fight off tear , he breathe become more and more desperate ... but then , after a few beat ... something change in reb . we see he fight it all off -- it 's as though he do not allow himself to panic . right there , on the spot , he make up he mind . know what he have to do . we see it wash over he -- Rob set he jaw , glance up at hud ... as Rob stare at we , we see cold resolve in he eye , and -- we ( finally ) CUT to : ext . side STREET - night 92 on the move . we be following rob -- he 's move fast down a side street , out of the main flow of traffic . marlena , lily , and hud be all struggle the keep up with he . we upcut right into they conversation -- hud ( 0.5 . ) -- Rob , seriously , think about this -- Rob 's on he phone , not pay attention to they -- rob {into phone ) -- Beth -- Beth -- as soon as you get this , call_me -- hud { 0.s . ) -- Beth life in Midtown -- rob ( into phone} -- as soon as_you get this . Rob hang up , about to dial again . we see hud 's arm enter frame as he point to the debris ridden skyline -- continued 92 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 62 . continued . hud { 0.s. ) } -- Midtown be that way . see what else be that way ? horrible be that way . marlena this be insane . we can not go near that thing . if you see what ij see ... {genuinely terrify ) we nre not go back into the middle of the city . Rob stop in he track -- rob no . we be not. {off they look ) you guy be not come with I . he point down the street -- we can see the military convoy herding crowd out of the city -- rob fall in with the crowd . let the military escort you out of here . they 'il keep you safe . ( genuine ) I be sorry . {beat ) but I gotta go . and with that , he turn , continue walk . marlena look at hud -- seriously -- what the fuck be he do ? CUT to : ext . STREET - later - night 92 moment later . Rob 's on the move . hud 's racing to catch up with he -- hud marlena Rob -- c’mon -- wait a minute -- hud Rob -- one of we may have to tackle you . and that will just be ... unpleasant for everyone . Rob stop again . level he gaze at they -- continued 93 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 63 . continued rob guy . look at I . this be not I crazy . I know what I be walk into . you can not talk I out of it . ( beat ) turn around . I be not ask you to -- lily ( quietly ) I '' come . and that catch everyone off - guard -- lily have not say a word for quite some time . Rob look at she , eye soften -- rob lily ... she hold Rob 's gaze , she voice quiet but steady -- lily I be come with you . Rob study she for a beat . then nod . turn to keep walk . marlena throw she arm up -- be everyone insane ? marlena guy -- you hear the message . Beth sound ... ( eff they look ) you_ hear what _ i_heard . even if we make it to she place , there 's a chance she might already be -- rob ( eye flash ) do not . an@ the look Rob give marlena stop she cold in she track -- CUT to : ext . alley / STREET - night 93 Rob and lily be up ahead , move quickly through a dark alley . hud and marlena follow . as marlena try to get hud to listen to reason -- marlena -- know what I be talk about . you do not think this be a good idea . try it -- you -- look at I and tell I it 's a good idea -- continued ag4 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 64 . continued hud ( 0.s. ) hud . my name 's hud . and that set marlena back on she heel . they stop as she glance at he , embarrassed -- marlena I ... I know what you name be . hud ( 0.s.} okay . good. ( beat ) then , to answer you question ... ( beat ) no , I do not think this be a good idea . yet , despite that , hud turn , keep follow Rob anyway -- CUT to : ext . STREET - night aq4 as hud and the other hurry to keep up with Rob , a middle - age russian man approach they . he 's bleeding from a wound on he head -- dried blood streak he face -- he seem day , out of it . he look at hud with haunted eye . speak to he in russian -- russian man ( in russian ) ».. the sky fall . and I can not pull the body out of the debris . there 's too many of they -- ( plead ) please help I -- there 's too many of they -- hud ( 0.s. ) I be sorry -- I do not understand -- hud look up ahead -- to where Rob be still rapidly move away -- hud ( 0.8 . ) Rob -- wait -- russian man ( in russian ) somebody have to do something ... continued g4 95 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 65 . continued hud ( 0.8 . ) -- ido not know what you be save -- and the Russian man relent -- it 's as though he realize this be futile . his eye glass over . he stare at hud . russian man ( in russian ) dead. ( beat ) they be all dead . and with that , he shake he head , an@ walk off . still in he daze . for a beat , hud hold on he -- should I do something -- but then swing the camera around , realize he have to catch up with rob -- CUT to : ext . STREET - night 94 further into the city . Rob and the other crouch in the darkness . and though she do not look happy about it , marlena 's still with they . Rob motion for they to wait . hud angle the camera out around the corner -- down the street -- we see a convoy of humvee and transport crossing the street . we group wait until they pass , then hurry across the street , darting into another alleyway -- ext . alleyway - night 95 as they move , we upcut into Rob and hud 's conversation -- hud ( 0.s. ) ... try call 911 , see if someone else can get there ? rob yeah . hud ( 0.s. } Police , fire department ? rob ( nod ) nothing . all I get be that weird beep sound . I be guess they have get they hand -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 66 . continued ka - boom ! as Rob say that -- the top floor of a building at end of they alley explode -- we people cry out in surprise as fragment of glass and brick rain down . they turn , try to race away from the blast , down a side alley , but stop when they see -- a military convoy -- troop transport and tank be move forward in formation . we see they begin to FIRE -- Rob stop in he track , not know where to go -- ka - boom ! behind we -- another explosion ring out -- it sound like mortar shell detonate -- sssssssshrhhhrrroooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrri as we hear the monster 's angry roar , we realize -- the military be mount its counterattack . and we people be catch right in the middle of it . rob get down ! he motion for they to dive for cover . we hit the ground -- crouching down behind a car as -- mortar shell and gunfire seem to ring out all around we . as we hear we people cry out in terror , hud angle the camera -- down one STREET -- from we limited vantage point on the group , we catch glimpsis of ground troops advance . boom . there it be -- the distinctive sound of the monster walking , we hear the gunfire intensify ; we hear mortar blast , soldier scream at one another -- boom . it 's get closer . the car we be hide behind seem to shake a bit . hud try to scream over the chaos -- hud ( 0.8 . ) we can not stay here -- but the firefight be so loud , it 's unclear if anyone hear he . boom . hud shift the camera a bit -- we catch a glimpse of lily cover she ear , crying out in terror -- down the second STREET -- we see smoke and debris rolling past . whoosh -- flame burst lick the sky -- as though something big just explode around the corner . continued 96 97 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 67 . continued ( 2 ) boom . the car in front of we bounce -- the monster 's close . hud shift , see a glimpse of Rob scan the street behind they -- then angle the camera -- down the first STREET -- as we see ground troops racing forward -- but as they do so -- krrr-wham ! -- a crushed tank come fly at they -- it 's as though the monster just hurled it at they -- it cut right through the crowd , crushing troops -- hud jolt -- we hear he cry out in horror -- boom . the whole world shake . the firefight 's deafening -- panicked , hud try to swing the camera back towards the first STREET -- realize -- rob 's gone -- hud turn around -- there 's Rob -- he 's pull lily and marlena with he -- look at hud -- scream at he -- it 's so loud , hud can not hear he -- hud get up , haul ass -- Rob 's racing forward , towards -- a subway station . as lily and marlena disappear down the stair , Rob turn back towards hud -- rob hud -- come on -- ext . / int . subway station - night - continuous 96 hud race forward , the world shaking as the warzone explode around they -- reb grab he , push he forward -- as they dive down the stair , hud swing the camera around , look over he shoulder one last time to see -- the air catch FIRE above he as a explosion roll over the street outside . the blast knock they down the stair -- Rob grab hud -- pull he down into the subway station -- int . subway platform - night 37 hud and Rob race forward , spilling out onto a subway platform . they fall forward to the ground -- we catch a glimpse of lily and marlena next to they on the deck . hud 's on he hand and knee -- they be all gasping for AIR , terror in they throat as they struggle to breathe ... and breathe ... and breathe ... cuT to : 98 99 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 68. int . subway platform - night 98 later . we upcut inte they conversation . Rob 's surveying the platform , think out loud -- rob -- cross the platform , take the stair , try the other side of the street -- hud ( 0.s. ) -- the other side of the street look like this side of the street -- rob -- maybe make a break for it when there 's a lull -- hud ( 0.5 . ) Rob -- the air gaught_on fire . it 's not lulling anytime soon -- Rob glance at hud , frustrated . off he look -- hud ( 0.s. ) I '' with you , Rob . I be . but ... listen to what 's go on up there . lily glance at the ceiling -- we can hear the dull , violent sound of destruction come from the street above . she look at Rob , sympathy in she eye , but concur -- lily we have to wait . CUT to : int . subway platform - night 99 moment later . on rob -- he 's boil with frustration , just start to accept they be trap there when -- beepbeepbeep ... Rob 's phone ring . whip -fast , Rob reach into he pocket -- think it 's Beth -- but as he look at the display , he face go pale -- rob oh god ... continued 100 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 69 . continued hud { ( 0.s. } what ? ( then ) Rob ? Rob do not respond . stare at the phone as it ring . glance up at hud -- oh god , what do I do ? then , after a beat , Rob steel himself , flip it open -- rob ( listen , then ) Mom ? ( beat ) yeah -- Mom -- I - I '' okay , but ... Mom -- listen to I -- he try to figure out how to tell she this . then -- rob we be on the bridge , Mom . we be on the bridge when -- yeah -- his voice waver as he struggle with the word . all the emotion he 's be repress start to pour out -- rob Mom ... Jason 's dead . he be right there when it hit and ... he 's dead , Mom . and he can not keep it together any longer . tear start to spill over -- rob he 's dead . CUT to : int . subway platform - night 100 second later . Rob 's a little further away . look like hud 's give he space . but he 's still on the phone -- rob dad -- dad -- the phone keep cut out and I -- ( beat ; listen ) yeah -- dad -- I be -- I -- Rob turn , glance at the other . continued 101 102 103 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 70 . continued rob yeah . we be okay . {then} we be get out of the city now . we be with the army . do not worry . he take a beat . consider he word . then -- rob dad -- listen -- I might lose you -- {goodbye} I love you . yeah -- we be okay -- tell mom. tell Mom -~- CUT to : int . subway platform - night 101 later . across the station -- Rob 's now off the phone . by himself . lily cross over to he . grab he . hug he . he go weak as she hold he . CUT to : int . subway platform - night 102 later . Rob and lily be now sit against the wall on the other side of the station . we can not hear what they be say . hud angle the camera -- he 's sit next to marlena . somber . as hud study Rob across the room -~ hud ( 0.s. ) I do not know what to say to he . {beat ) I should say something , but I do not know what to say ... after a beat , marlena glance at hud . realize he 's wait for a response . but then she just shake she head . there 's nothing to say ... CUT to : int . subway platform - night 103 later . some time have pass . hud angle the camera towards the ceiling . as the sound of bombing continue to ring out , we see dust and debris continue to shake loose , rain down . continued 104 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 71 . continued everyone 's quiet . Shell - shocked . we see Rob and lily sit across the station . Rob seem to be stare off at the wall {we can not see at what . ) boom ... the bombing get louder . and louder . boom . the station shake . marlena cry out involuntarily . hold she head in she hand . try to keep it together . and fail . marlena I be not even suppose to be here ... hud { 0.s. ) you do not have to be . {off she look ) you have you chance back there in the alley -- you could have leave we . marlena think about that . then answer honestly -- marlena I do not want to be alone . hud hold on her for a beat . then , in the background , we see lily cross frame as she walk over next to Rob . hud drift towards they . what the hell be they do ? CUT to : int . subway platform - night 104 hud 's on he foot , approach Rob and lily -- hud ( 0.s. ) guy ? rob ~- we could take the '' 456 . '' hud angle the camera to reveal Rob 's stare at a map of the NYC subway transit . hud ( 0.s. ) yeah -- the train be not run right now , Rob . rob no -- we could walk . look -- he tap the location on the map -- continued 6/38/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 72 . continued rob Beth life here ~- 53rd and Park . and the 456 exit just a few block from there . it 's a straight shot from here ... marlena you want we to walk the tunnel ? lily stare at the map . see what Rob 's talk about -- lily it would only take we about thirty minute ... marlena you_want we to walk the tunnel ? rob it 's either that or stay here . a beat . we hear the pound sound of destruction above . as the group glance at each other -- CUT to : 105 int . subway tunnel - night 105 over black , we hear -- rob ( 0.8 . } it have a light on it -- hud ( 0.s. } why do this thing need so many button ? click -- hud find a light on the front of the camera . it throw a beam forward , Rob blink , shield he eye with he hand . it 's not much light -- just enough to see about five foot forward . rob ( shrug ) it 's better than nothing . ( gesture forward ) all right , Hudson . lead the way . hud swing the camera down the long , dark subway tunnel . hud ( 0.s. } I ? continued 106 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 73 . continued he look back at the other . Rob nod . hud ( 0.s. ) } do ... somebody else want to film for a while ? Rob and the other glance at each other , shake they head . int . subway tunnel - night 106 we be walk slowly through the tunnel . hud lead the way . we upcut into conversation -- hud ( 0.s. ) -- yeah , get a hetter look at it on the news when we be in the store . you be too busy , you know , steal merchandise ... rob what di@ it look like ? hud ( 0.8 . } I do not know -- like a giant ... dinosaur ... or insect , but more ... monstrous . I mean ... it have arm and ... leg . J could not really see its head ... marlena but you can confirm it have arm and leg ? wow . thank god you see it , hud ( 0.s. ) you describe it then -- marlena I be not even try . lily do the news say what it be ? hud ( 0.8 . ) no . I mean , I do not think so . I could not really hear . ( off they look ) it be loud -- people be steal television and ... you guy be all yell at I . but ... I do not think they know what it be . {more } continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 74 , continued hud ( continued ) {beat } how could they ? CUT to : 107 int . subway tunnel - night 107 a bit later . we be further down the tumnel -- hud ( 0.s. ) -- the ocean 's big , dude . they find a fish a couple year ago in madagascar that they think have be dead for century . rob -- so it 's be down there this whole time , and , what , nobody notice ? hud ( 0.s5 . ) sure . maybe it erupt from a ocean trench . or a crevasse . ( off they look ) it 's a theory . for all we know -- it 's from another planet and fly here ... marlena like superman ? hud ( 0.8 . ) yeah , just like -- ( beat ) you know who superman be ? marlena oh my god . you too ? we be totally mean for each other . oh wait -- everyone on the planet know who superman be . hud ( 0.s. ) no -- I know -~ I be just -- ( beat ) a lot of people get confuse about he origin and -- CUT to : 108 109 110 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 75 . int . subway tunnel - night los later still . it seem like we have be walk for a while . nobody 's say much as they trek through the dark , creepy tunnel . after a while , just to break the silence -- hud ( 0.8 . ) remember a couple year ago when that guy be lighting homeless people on fire in the subways ? rob Jesus , hud -- hud ( 0.s. ) what ? rob maybe not the best conversation for down here . hud ( 0.s. ) right. ( beat ) I just can not stop think how scary it would be if a flame homeless guy come out of the dark right now , rob hud -- seriously -- rumble -- as he say that -- a massive quaking SOUND ring out from the tunnel behind they . everyone stop in they track , look behind they , tense -- marlena what be that ? they wait in silence . when no further sound come -- rob let 's keep move . CUT to : omitted 10g int . subway tunnel - night 110 a bit later . thing be a bit more somber . Rob and lily walk up ahead . hud 's almost eavesdropping on they -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 76 . continued rob +.. can not stop think that the last thing I say to she be '' good luck tonight , Travis . '' lily ( quietly ) they be just word , Rob . they do not matter . { think about it ) I do not have any idea what the last thing I say to Jason be ... rob it 's different . lily why ? rob because Jason know you love he . lily hold Rob 's gaze , fight off tear . nod . reaches out and take Rob 's hand . as they continue walk forward , hud drift back just a bit to find marlena , who 's look at she foot , not pay attention to any of this -- marlena this be disqustina . hud angle down to reveal marlena be look at -- rat . a few of they be scurrying past we down the track . marlena oglances at hud ) if I get raby , you be take the stomach shot with I . as hud survey the rat -- hud ( 0.s. ) okay . it 's a date . marlena it 's absolutely not a date . cuT to : 111 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 77 . int . subway tunnel - night 111 moment later . everyone 's stop , look down in disgust as even more rat race past . the rat all seem to be come from the tunnel behind we people . hud ( 0.s. ) look at all of they -- marlena it 's New York . it 's the subway . this be why we take cab . hud ( 0.8 . ) they be all go the same direction . rob it 's like they be run away ... lily from what ? lily look back down the tunnel behind she . as we group glance at each other -- CUT to : int . subway tunnel - night 112 we be now jogging through the tunnel . everyone 's tense -- we can feel panic start to build -- hud ( 0.8 . ) how much further ? rob I do not know -- let 's hop out at the next platform -- see where we -- click click click click click -- behind they -- a unnatural clicking SOUND echoe through the tunnel . it stop they cold . as they look back -- marlena you guy hear that , right ? hud angle the camera down the tunnel behind they , but the small light make it impossible to see more than a few foot . click click click -- it seem to be get closer . continued 1213 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 78 . continued rob ( realize ) night vision . hud -- the camera ' 's get night vision . see what you can see -- hud ( 0.s . ) how do I do it ? rob should be a hutton on the side there -- near the '' on '' button -- hud ( 0.s. ) hang on -- a beat as hud try to find the switch . we be look forward , stare into darkness and then -- click , the camera switch to night vision . instantly , the world become bright GREEN . and that clicking SOUND ? it 's come from the parasite . there 's five of they . they be on the floor , the wall , ceiling . less than ten foot away . just stop , stare at we . as though they have be stalking we like prey . hud ( 0.8 . ) oh GOD -- as the parasite hiss and start to lunge forward , hud swing the camera around . we catch a glimpse of we people , look panicked and confuse -- marlena what ? what be it ? hud ( 0.s. ) run -- run -- rob hud -- we can not see -- int . subway tunnel - night 113 back to regular vision -- the camera light bounce as hud race at a dead sprint down the tunnel . he 's push the group forward -- they be all run as_ fast as they can -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 72 . continued hud ( 0.s. } go go go -- click click click click -- it 's all around we now -- up ahead , lily glance back over she shoulder -- she eye go wide -- she scream as -- a parasite launch itself at her -- wham -- it hit she on the shoulder , knock she to the ground -- hud ( 0.s. } lily -- the camera shake as hud race towards lily -- we get a better look at the parasite -- it 's roughly the size of a large dog , with multiple flail leg and a mouth full of razor tooth -- lily scream in horror as it lunge at she -- Rob dive into frame , try to rip the parasite off lily -- hud sturbles , swing the camera around , the light catch -- more parasite . come right at hud. wham ! the lead parasite rear up on its haunch , knock hud to the qround . the camera land next to he , point back down the tunnel towards the other . we see Rob fight with the parasite on lily -- marlena dive towards the ground , lung for something ( we do not see what ) -- as hud scream , the camera be suddenly yanked backward , as though the parasite 's drag hud down the tunnel , away from the other ( the strap around he neck keep the camera tie to hud . } hud ( 0.s. ) help I ? we hear the parasite thrashing -- hud cry out -- but we can not see exactly what 's happen to he as he’s dragge away . we be on the ground , look down the tunnel as lily and the other grow smaller and smaller in frame -- voice hud -- one of the other break away from the fight , race towards camera . as she approach we realize -- it 's marlena . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 80 . continued ( 2 ) and we realize what she be diving for earlier -- in she hand , she hold a length of metal pipe . she charge towards we , swing the pipe with all she might at the parasite on top of we -- whack -- we hear the parasite squeal in pain -- hud struggle to roll over -- as he do so -- the parasite strike back , charge marlena , knock she to the ground . as marlena struggle with the parasite on the ground next to hud -- squeeee -- the parasite open its mouth , and sink its teeth into marlena 's shoulder -- marlena scream in pain as blood spurt from she shoulder , splatter the camera lens -- hud roll to he foot -- we see he leg have he kick the parasite as hard as he can -- it squeal in pain -- hud drag marlena to she foot , then rights the camera -- use it like a flashlight so that they can see -- marlena let 's go -- the two of they race forward . the camera shake as they run as fast as they can , the parasite swarm around they -- up ahead -- Rob 's kicking a parasite mercilessly -- a craze fury in he eye as he literally curb stomp the thing to death . lily roll to she foot , look behind we in horror as we hear more clicking sound come up behind we . she pull Rob off the parasite , point we towards -- lily door -- get to the door -- hud angle the camera --~ see lily 's lead they towards -- a maintenance door . Rob get there first , yank it open -- as we race towards it -- the parasite be swarming everywhere -- rob c'mon -- c'mon -- marlena bolt through the door . hud 's right behind she -- a parasite launch itself at they -- wham ! -- hit the wall right beside the door just as hud race through -- 114 115 116 117 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard ai. int . corridor - night - continuous 114 wham ! we be glance back as Rob slam the door shut . wham ! a parasite hit the door -- the frame buckle -- rob go -- hud -- go -- camera shake as they race through the dark corridor -- up ahead we see a OPEN doorway -- as we race towards it , we see lily on the other side of the door , wave we ahead -- lily get in -- Rob shove hud through the doorway -- hud pitch forward into the room -- we catch a glimpse of marlena on the ground . wham ! we hear lily shut the door shut behind they -- hud fall forward , and as the camera slam down into the around -- 22shzz -- the tape fill with static and we abruptly CUT to -- ext . coney island - day 115 beth 's look at we . laugh . pull off a wisp of cotton candy and put it in she mouth . the image be so fast and abrupt it 's almost haunting . then the screen fill with static again and we CUT to -- int . subway platform - night 116 hud 's staring right into camera . it 's as though he 's check it over , make sure the thing still work . he shake he head in disbelief . then he take he sleeve and clean the blood off the lens . as he work , we CUT -- int . subway platform - night 117 on marlena -- we be look at the bite wound on she back shoulder . blood seep from the multiple puncture -- marlena how do it look ? hud ( 0.s.} ( after a beat ) it look like it hurt . marlena grit she tooth , nod -- that sound about right ... continued 118 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 82 . continued whump -- hud angle the camera across the corridor , where we see Rob kick in the glass of a vending machine -- CUT to : int . subway platform - night - later 118 moment later . marlena 's pour bottle water on a scrap of fabric that look like its be tear from hud 's shirt . she look ashen -- hud ( 0.s.} -- that thing come out of nowhere -- marlena press the fabric to she wound . wince . marlena yeah . hud ( 0.s. } when it take I down ... it be like it be try to drag I away . she glance at he . smile despite herself -- marlena maybe it like you , hud . a beat . we can almost hear hud smile behind the camera ... hud ( 0.s. ) yeah . maybe it be try to make I its Queen . marlena smile at that . then wince again . fuck , this hurt ... hud { 0.s. } thanks , by the way . for come back to help I . and marlena glance at he . we get the sense she 's actually hurt by that when she say -- marleka you think I be the sort of person who would not ? hud ( 0.5 . ) no . no , of course not . continued 119 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 83 . continued and as hud hold on her , we realize we may have misjudge this woman . but hud never do -- hud ( o.s. ) I be just say ... I be glad you do what you do . marlena look at he , eye soften . she nod . it 's a intimate moment . hud just hold on her . cuT to : int . subway platform - night - later 119 later . the four of they huddle around one another . as they tend to they various scratch and scrape -- rob -- we could lay low here for a bit , hope that thing do not find they way in ... the other glance at each other , shake they head . marlena yeah . next option . rob we could keep move , try to finda different tunnel ... lily no more tunnel . rob then ... we take we chance up top . the four of they sit in silence , think it over -- hud ( 0.8 . ) so ... just to be clear -- we choice be '' die here , '' '' die in the tunnel , '' or '' die on the street . '' rob we do not even know where we be . let 's at least go up , look around , ( beat ) see if there 's anything we recognize . CUT ta : 120 121 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 84. int . corridor / platform - night 120 on the move . at the end of the corridor , we see faint light peek through a set of door . Rob lead the way , step through the door . marlena and lily follow , with hud bring up the rear -- hud step through the door and find the other , look slightly dumbfounded as they glance around at they surroundings . hud angle the camera around to reveal -- mannequin , dress in designer clothes . they nre eerily silhouett -- backlit by the kleig lighting that stream in through floor to ceiling window across the vast space , which be fill with rack and rack of clothing . lily I recognize this . ( beat ) this be bloomingdale . yep , they be in a department store . the maze of subway corridor lead they right into the middle of bloomingdale -- int . department store - night 121 the group cautiously make its way through the store . as hud pull back , widen out , we see sign of the chaos that must have hit here several hour ago -- overturn rack , shopping bag abandon on the ground , cash register knock off the counter . it 's creepy , to say the least . the entire store be empty . not a person to be see . as hud follow Rob and lily , he realize marlena be no longer in frame -- hud turn -- there she be . but she 's just stand there . a glaze , pale expression on she face as she stare off -- hud ( 0.s.} marlena ? marlena look at the camera , seem to focus -- hud ( 0.s. ) you okay ? marlena yeah -- I be ... just a bit dizzy -- ( then , clear-head } I be fine . continued 122 6/8/07 continued cloverfield by Drew Goddard 85 . as she say that , the shadow behind she seem to move -- marlena I '' fine . let 's ga . as she turn , voice we have get civilian ! the voice jolt hud . he swing soldier charge towards they -- weapon sweep the frame -- then group as they all stop in they Jesus , what the hell 's go on three beam of light rake out of the darkness -- the camera up as three armed the xenon beam on they settle on the face of we track , put up they hand -- here ? the lead soldier step forward ( and though we will never say he name , pryce be there any more of rob no ... it 's just we ... pryce bark into he comm -- lead marine let 's call he sergeant major pryce . ) you ? I have get four civilian here . CUT to : int . department store - night 122 on the move . the soldier lead we group through bloomingdale . we group 's still stunne -- not sure what 's happen here . rob ( urgent ) listen ~- we need help . we cut into they conversation -- we friend -- she 's hurt -- she 's trap in she building -- it 's just from here -- 53rd and pryce oshake head ) a few block Park -- yeah , that 's not where you want to be right now . continued 123 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 86 , continued lily do you guy know what it be ? out there -- do you what that thing be ? and as pryce lead they forward , he almost laugh , he voice sound haunted as he say -- pryce if they know , they be not tell I . ( beat ) but whatever it be ... it 's win . as they approach the front of the store , they notice more soldier . a lot more . in fact -- a entire infantry battalion have set up a emergency field operation station in the store . field generator power light and equipment . it 's almost ... surreal . and as hud angle around , we realize that they have just pass into a makeshift triage CENTER . medic tend to injure soldier . and one thing be instantly clear -- the soldier have have the shit kick out of they . medic ( 0.8 . ) -- hey , no -- this one need to be in quarantine -- hud slow down , angle the camera toward the voice to see a medic step away from two soldier wheeling a stretcher . as the medic redirect the soldier , hud get just a glimpse of the stretcher -- and what lie atop it -- whatever we be look at , it 's gruesome -- bloody meat with one leg and a head attach ... dear God , it 's a person . look almost as if ... they explode . we hear hud 's breath catch in he throat -- hud ( 0.5 . } oh , do not look at that . hud swing the camera back -- hustle to catch up -- int . department store - communication CENTER - night 123 hud 's follow the soldier into the battalion 's communication CENTER : a makeshift hub of radio equipment and computer . Rob 's still plead with pryce , a grow sense of urgency in he voice -- rob please -- we can not stay here -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 87 . continued as they approach the comm center , pryce hold up a hand to Rob -- be quiet . hud angle forward as a officer finish briefing he commanding officer ( {let 's call he lieutenant colonel graff ) -- officer .-.we get two F - 18s come out of sulfridge , four more arming up , maybe thirty minute out . graff nod -- good -- he turn towards the room -- graff listen up , people ... Rack it and pack it ! I want we phantom in fifteen -- as the soldier start hastily pack up they equipment , graff glance up at Rob and the other -- graff the hell do you find they ? pryce they be in the tunnel , sir . graff study we group , then call out -- graff Medical ! across the store -- we see two medic hurry towards they . graff turn to pryce , issue order as he move -- graff look ‘em over , get they ready for transport . we ’1ll put they on the evac chopper . pryce yes sir . rob no -- wait -- graff stop in he track -- I be sorry , what ? but Rob do not care . he 's amp up , intense -- rob we friend -- she 's in trouble -- we have to get to she -- continued 124 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 88 . continued ( 2 ) graff I can not help you , son. {to pryce ) get ‘em on the chopper . pryce put he hand on Rob 's shoulder , try to move he out of graff 's way . pryce c’mon ~- but Rob knock pryce ' 's hand aside -- rob do not touch I -- whoa -- the soldier tense -- you do not talk back to this guy . pryce bristle , shove Rob back . and as he do so , graff look towards hud -- push the camera aside -- graff turn that goddamn camera off -- CUT to : int . department store - night 124 moment later . from a low angle -- we be look across the store as two man in haz -mat suit approach we . from the camera 's angle , we get the sense that hud be surreptitiously hold the camera down by he side . we can hear Rob still argue with graff . graff sound fuck angry -- graff ( 0.5 . ) -- in the last half hour alone , I have lose three company of man -- as the haz -mat suit pase by we , we see that they be carry something between they -- it 's a parasite . but , thankfully , it 's dead . dripping thick yellow '' blood '' which smear the haz -mat suit . graff ( 0.s. ) rob { 0.s.} -- there 's nothing we can -- I be not ask for you do -- help -- hud angle the camera to follow the man as they cross toward quarantine : a area cordon off with a translucent plastic curtain -- like a portable operate theatre . as the man carry the parasite through the plastic curtain -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 89 . continued rob ( 0.s . ) -- I just need you to get out of my way -- hud ( discreetly ) angle the camera back . we catch a glimpse of lily -- she 's tense , uneasy as she watch Rob argue with graff . the medic quickly check over she wound -- graff ( 0.s. ) -- I be not let you get yourself kill . do you have any idea what 's out there ? as hud pan towards Rob , we pasS marlena -- she 's look pale , woozy . hud linger on she for a second then -- rob ( 0.s.} ido not care what 's out there . listen to I -- hud angle the camera towards Rob -- and Rob 's absolutely redlining , desperate to get out of there -- rob she 's die . ( beat ; voice break ) this girl ... the girl that I love more than anything else in this world be dying . and it 's my fault . she should have be with I tonight and I let she go ... ( beat ) and I get it . you have you hand full . iqet it . but I be go after she . if you want to stop I , you be gonna have to shoot 'mee -- marlena ( 0.s. ) hud ... ? hud angle the camera back towards marlena -- marlena { 0.s. ) hud ... I do not feel so goad . and we hear hud 's breath catch in he throat as he realize -- blood be drip from she eye . hud ( 0.s. ) marlena -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 30 . continued ( 2 ) everyone look towards they . as soon as the medic see marlena , they go to defcon one -- medic bite -- we got . a bite ! and all hell break loose . marlena start coughing violently , blood start pour out she nose as well . the two guy in haz - Mat suit come charging out of the quarantine area at top speed , racing towards marlena . the medic look at hud , panic in they voice -- medic second medic be you bit ? was_anyone else bit ? the guy in haz - Mat suit reach marlena , grab she by the shoulder . start forcibly drag she back towards the quarantine area . she look back at hud , terror in she eye -- marlena hud -- hud marlena -- and he 's move towards she , try to follow -- graff ( 0.s. } stop he -- it 's chaos . soldier grab hud -- as the camera jostle , we catch a glimpse of Rob and lily , also be restrain . medics be search all of they , frantic -- medic lily be you bit ? no -- it 's just she -- and right then , we hear marlena start to scream . camera swing back towards she -- just in time to see she body start convulsing -- as the haz - mat guy race she into the quarantine area , she scream and scream -- and just as they usher she through the translucent plastic -- marlena seem to erupt with blood . splash -- the plastic be splatter with massive amount of blood . hud 's fight with the soldier , try to get to she -- hud marlena -- continued 125 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 91 . continued ( 3 ) graff { o.s. ) get ' em out of here -- and as the camera shake , we catch a glimpse of soldier pull Rob and lily away . and as they yank hud backwards -- soldier c'mon -- we catch a final glimpse of that plastic . cover in blood . as marlena 's scream continue to ring out -- CUT to : int , department store - back area ~ night 125 further away . the soldier be forcibly escort reb , lily , and hud towards the back of the store . pryce be in the lead , seem to be argue with another soldier . we upcut right into they conversation -- pryce ( give order ) -- go and help with the evacuation . i_got_ ‘em from here -- in the background , we can still hear marlena scream -- soldier you sure ? and pryce look at we group . Rob and lily look sufficiently terrify right now . pryce lock eye with rob as he say -- pryce yeah , they ain not gonna be any trouble . {to soldier ) go . and as the other soldier break away , we hear marlena 's scream abruptly stop . hud swing the camera back towards pryce , we hear the panic in hud 's voice -- hud ( 0.s. ) why have she stop ? a long beat . then he ask again , know the answer -- hud ( 0.8 . ) why have she stop scream ? continued 126 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 92 . continued and we hold on pryce as he stare at we . CUT to : int . department store and store corridor - night 126 moment later . pryce be ushere they down a corridor . reb 's make a final desperate plea . we upcut into it -- rob -- trap inside and nobody 's gonna -~ pryce shut _up and listen . Rob stop in he track . pryce level he gaze at he -- pryce you girl -- she building -- it 's at 53rd and Park ? rob ( nod ) yeah . pryce that block get hit hard . you may get there and find there 's nothing leave . {off Rob 's look ) you want to go out in this ? I be not gonna stop you . the government 's initiate the icarus protocol . which mean they be willing to let this area go . rob you mean ... Midtown ? pryce I mean Manhattan . ( off they look ) they be gonna take one last shot at that thing , but if that do not work , they be leveling the whole goddamn city . so -- ( gesture down corridor ) be my guest . we get bigger problem right now . ( glance down ) be you watch still work ? continued 127 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard continued rob ( beat , then he look down at he watch , confuse ) yeah ... pryce the airlift be leave from $ 7th and third . the last chopper 's wheel up at exactly ch-six hundred . ( then ) if you can make it there , we will get you out . rob thank you . pryce ( shake head ) good luck . 93. with that , pryce turn and head off back the way they come . Rob glance at the lily and hud . tries to absorb what he just hear . Jesus . Rob glance at he watch . rob that 's not much time ... lily {after a beat ) then we should get go . ext . manhattan street - night CUT to : 127 moving fast through the street -- it 's dark , all the power in the city now completely out . debris cloud the air ; papers flutter down into the street . hud 's follow Rob and lily . we three be pretty goddamn shell - shocked right now . we upcut into they conversation -- lily -- I could not see it -- do you see it , hud ? what happen to she ? hud ( 0.8 . ) -- I do not know , I do not know -- she eye start bleed -- and then they be scream she be bitten -- and she would not stom bleed -- and then they be drag she away -- continued 128 129 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 94 . continued hud ' 's voice break . it sound like he 's start to cry -- hud { 0.s. ) they be drag she away ... lily glance over she shoulder . see hud. stop with he -- lily hud ? Rob stop as well . compassion in he eye as he glance back at he friend . as lily move towards hud -- hud { 0.s. ) ( I be not okay ) I be okay . {beat} I be okay ... CUT to : ext . manhattan street - night 128 on the move again . Rob 's in the lead . we people be silent . focus . as we round a corner -- clep clop clop clop -- a horse -drawn carriage emerge from the dark debris in front of we . as the horse race past camera , we notice the carriage be empty . it 's eerie . cuT to : ext . manhattan street - night 129 as hud keep move -- up ahead -- he camera find rob . Rob 's stand in the middle of the intersection , stare forward ( we can not see at what . ) he look like he 's in shock . hud ( 0.s. } Rob ? Rob what 's the matter ? lily 's ahead of hud -- she reach Rob , look down the street , and stop right in she track . hud ( 0.s. ) guy -~ what be it ? -- and we catch up to Rob and lily , and come around , behind they . and now we see it too . a forty -story tall building , half a block down , have be knocked off its foundation -- and be leaning now , across park avenue , onto the skyscraper on the other side of the avenue . continued a130 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 95 . continued hud ( 0.8 . ) that 's -- that 's not she place , right ? tell I that 's not Beth 's apartment . and we come around , onto Rob , whose wide eye stare at the structure , in true horror -- he want to run in there , somehow , but be paralyze . hud ( 0.s. ) Rob ? rob {utter shock ) yeah . that 's she place . CUT to : ext . park avenue - night a130 we be closer to Beth 's building . circle the foundation . the debris be heavy -- the wreckage litter the area , make it difficult to get close -- hud ( 0.s. ) I do not suppose she 's on the ground floor ... rob ( shake head ) thirty -ninth , lily how do we even get inside ? rob we 'il try to climb it . lily stare at the mound of wreckage block the building 's entrance . see the snake of twisted metal and concrete . in the understatement of the year -- lily ( quietly ) I do not know if I can climb that . hud survey the scene . the camera follow the cant building up towards the roof , where it leans against the other build . and we can almost hear the lightbulb go off in hud 's head . continued 130 131 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 96 . continued hud ( 0.s. ) } uh ... guy ? ( beat ) we could go across . we climb up that building . 5303 . then find a place to transfer over on the roof . he point upward . they look up , see what he 's talk about . they glance at each other . huh . that might work . hud realize they might actually be consider he idea -- hud ( 0.s. } you know what ? never mind . bad idea . bad idea . CUT to : ext. / int . 5303 park avenue - night 130 we be look up at the " 5303 '' number -- then we tilt up to see that we be right below the canted apartment build -- look up at where it 's lean against the other structure . hud { 0.s8 .} ( mutter ) nobody listen to I . ever . now you listen to I ... rob hud , move , come on . and now we be moving in to the lobby , follow Rob and lily -- shattered glass and debris everywhere -- CUT to : int . staltrwell - night 131 we be walk briskly up the stairwell . crack and random drywall debris . everyone 's out of breath -- hud ( 0.s. } do you see the lock on he face when lily ask he about it ? they really do not know what that thing be . {beat , realize ) or they nre in on it . oh my god -- have the military be do any nuclear testing off the coast of New York lately ? Rob shoot hud a look . the fuck be you talk about , hud ? continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 37 . continued hud { 0.5 . ) I do not read the papers . maybe we make that thing . rob sure . maybe we do . so what ? do it really matter right now ? hud ( 0.s. } yes . it matter . it matter because I have to talk about something or I be gonna shit myself right here in this stairwell . rob qkay , but -- we have to talk about that ? hud ( 0.8 . } no , no we can talk about something else . anything else . oh hey , here 's a topic for debate -- do you guy notice that we be about to transfer over into the crooked build of death !?! and hud yell so loud it stop Rob and lily in they track . they glance at each other -- oh shit . be hud finally lose it ? there 's a beat of awkward silence , then -- lily maybe ... the monster 's be freeze up in the polar ice cap all this time ... reb look at she , nod . Plays along , genuine -- rob yeah . and ... maybe global warming finally freed it . hud { 0.s. ) ( recover ) oh , that 's good . I do not even think of that ... ( as he follow ) maybe this we comeuppance -- cuT to : 132 omitted 132 133 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 98. int . / ext . 5303 park avenue - hallway - night 133 hud 's lag behind . he reach the top of the staircase , head down a hall , catch up with Rob and lily . they're at the end of the hallway , cautiously glance out the shatter window , where Beth 's building can be see , right outside , lean towards we , against we building . rob oh god ... and hud aim he camera out the smashed window -- we can plainly see the roof of Beth 's apartment , angle horrifically , shattered at impact , and extend out into the sky . they could climb down from this window , onto the roof , and climb up the roof . which be exactly what happen -- rob okay . I ’11l go first . hud ( 0.s. ) t‘ll ... document it . lily careful -- and Rob climb out of the window , terrify but determine . we watch as he land on the debris on the roof , he turn back , help lily do -- just then a roar -- no , not the monster -- we pan to the sky , where six F - 18 's fly in lon formation , cracking the heavens as they disappear overhead -- Rob and lily wince , then look back toward hud -- rob hud -- c’mon -- put the camera down -- hud ( 0.s . ) Jesus ... hud swing the camera around . look directly into the lens -- hud if this be the last thing you see ... ( beat ) that mean I die . continued 134-135 136 137 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 93 . continued rob ( 0.s. ) hud -- CUT to : omitted 134-135 int . beth 's build - 39 th floor corridor - niget 136 from black -- camera adjust to find lily up ahead , racing down a canted hallway . we be now in Beth 's building -- everything 's at a angle , there 's debris everywhere . Rob 's nowhere to be see . lily Rob -- the camera jostle as hud race to catch up -- whump -- we hear a strange thumping sound -- whump -- hud ( 0.s. ) Rob -- wait for_us -- whump -- there it be again . what be that ? hud keep move , step over shattered plaster -- whump -- and round the corner to find -- Rob . at the far end of the hallway . charge forward -- whump -- slamming he shoulder into a apartment door . and we realize that 's what that sound be -- Rob 's be try to break down Beth 's door . as hud keep moving toward he -- Rob set he jaw -- intense and determine as he charge the door once again -- cr-crack -- the door splinter , Rob charge inside . hud and lily be right behind he -- int . beth 's apartment - night 137 -- and we be following rob through the dishevel , angle apartment . it look like a disaster area -- rob Beth ! Beth ! -- and they arrive at the live room -- stuff throw everywhere -- crack wall and cement chunks -- all thing pile against the '' low end '' of the apartment . and we camera sweep the room -- and we see , amid the debris : beth 's legs -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 100 . continued hud { 0.s. ) Rob -- right there ! and they be all scramble down to she -~ and they get to she -- Rob grab all the debris pile upon she , throw it away -- lily and hud help too -- and now we see she . she 's bleed from she head , in jeans and a sleeveless T - shirt -- unconscious -- blood all around the area -- lily gasp -- Rob stare -- CUT to : closer . hud 's zoom in -- we can now only see rob and beth in frame . hud angle towards the rebar -- we can see it clearly protrude from she shoulder , she blood glisten on the metal , pool beneath she -- rob Beth -- Beth -- can you hear I ? and we be close on rob as he stare at she , see she 's not move . it 's as though he worst fear have be realize -- oh god , she dead . his face go white ; tear well up in he eye -- rob Beth -- oh god -- beth -- and as he cup she face with he hand , she groans . her eye flutter open . she struggle to focus , as though waking from a dream . after a beat , she eye fix on Rob , she voice come out as barely a whisper -- beth hey ... and we nre on rob as relief wash over he . she 's alive . he can not help himself -- tear start to spill over now . rob hey . beth {still hazy ) be you really here ? rob yeah . I be here . and now Beth start to well up . tear spilling as she smile and say -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 101 . continued ( 2 ) . beth you come back for I . rob of course I come back for you . ( beat ; then ) I '' sorry it take I so long . and it 's a real moment . as Rob say that , we get the sense he 's apologize for everything he 's put she through . and Beth read it loud and clear -- beth ( through tear ) it 's okay . ( beat ) I '' glad you make it . and as she say that , she shift , and the pain in she shoulder suddenly hit she . she gasp , cry out . Rob snap out of it -- go into emergency mode . he stare down at she . rock solid as he tell she -- rob we be gonna get you outta here , all right ? ( form a plan ) you be gonna be okay ... CUT to : 137 wider . Rob glance at the other . 137 rob we have to move fast -- lily 's look at the rebar -- she eye say '' there 's no way . '' Rob check it out -- try to move the rebar -- but it won ’t budge . Rob realize what they need to do -- rob ( cont 'd ) okay . we need to lift she up and ever this -- hud ( 0.s. ) Rob I do not think we can -- rob hud . put the camera down and help i continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 102 . continued ( 3 ) hud do as he 's tell . he set the camera onto the floor -- and _ the camera slide down , four feet or so , coming to a stop at_an angle that still lets US see the action -- but with a piece of desris covering beth . we can still see she leg ( and Rob , lily and now hud ) , but the part of she catch in the rebar be off - camera . good thing , too , because what they do next be brutal . they grab Beth by the shoulder and leg -- rob ( cont ’d ) -- this be gonna suck , I '' sorry . nlook to the other } okay -- lift -- -- and the three of they lift beth up , over the rebar -- she scream and scream in agony -- it 's excruciating -- but this be the only way -- and finally she 's up and off the rebar -- Rob cradle she , set she down , as she gasp , try to keep from pass out , Rob grab a strewn tablecloth -- rrrip -- tear off a strip and begin wrapping she wound -- hud grab the camera -- swing it towards Rob and Beth -- as Rob pull the bandage tight , Beth wince in pain , but keep she eye lock on Rob . it 's as though she truly can not believe what she 's see . Fresh tear well up , but this time , it 's relief in she eye -- beth you come back for I ... rob ( hold she gaze ) of course I do . and it would be a nice moment if not for -- lily ( cont 'd ) ( oh god ) guy -- hud swing the camera towards lily -- she 's stare out the window at something -- hud angle around behind she to reveal this cant building be hover over Park Avenue -- and down the STREET , thirty block away , moving out from behind a skyscraper be -- he monster . boom . oh my GOD . the monster turn down park avenue -- we finally see it in all its glory . boom . unfortunately ... continued 138 139 140 141 142 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 103 . continued ( 4 ) he 's heading toward US , down the STREET corridor . and we building ? happens to be right in he fucking way . lily hud { 0.s. ) guy ... oh god . we gotta get out of here -- rob let 's go ! let 's move !?! and we now have quick cut as we foursome scamper uphill , out of Beth 's apartment , through the hall -- omitted 138 ext . 5303 park avenue - apartment - night 139 hud swing the camera around -- we be back in 5303 Park Avenue . it look like we group have just climb through the window . as they collect themselves , start head down the hall , hud angle the camera back out the window -- and down on the street below , we see the monster 's still moving toward US . but even worse ? distant bomb go off behind it -- approach F - 18 's visible behind the creature ! rob ( 0.s8 . ) hud -- CUT to : int . 5303 park avenue - apartment - night 140 we be racing through the place as bomb sound grow closer -- int . 5303 park avenue - stairwell - night 141 we group hurry down the stair -- during the mayhem , the sound of the monster and the bomb increase -- CUT to : ext . manhattan street - night 142 we spill out onto the street . debris and smoke now all around US . over the building chaos -- hud ( 0.s5 . } how much time ? Rob check he watch . shake he head -- do not ask . 143 144 145 146 147 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 104 . ext . street - night 143 racing through the street . the sound of destruction building ... and building ... and building ... bqom . the world shake -- boom ... CUT to : ext . street - night 144 moment later -- we keep run -- boom . hud risk a glance , swing the camera behind he -- over the rooftop -- we catch a glimpse of the monster . it 's focused on the fighter . it let out a piercing shriek -- swing wildly -- crash ! it knock a chunk out of a nearby rooftop . shriek again . hud 's see enough . he turn around , keep run -- ext . manhattan intersection - night 145 as we be racing across a intersection -- fwwwoosh -- a F - 18 streak by overhead . Flying low . we people wince , cover they ear . the debris be so thick it 's difficult to get a bear -- lily which way ? rob third . right over there -- ext . STREET near loading zone 146 whup whup whup whup -- a helicopter race by overhead -- kick up rotor wash -- hud angle the camera -- down the STREET -- at the intersection -- we see soldier wait for transport . as the chopper land -- CUT to : ext . intersection - night 147 we be now at the lead zone . Rob 's in frantic conversation with the lead soldier . they be yell at one another over the rotor wash -- rob -- said_you have get we out of here -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 105 . continued lead soldier -- only get room for one -- the rest ef you will have to wait for the next one -- ( yell into he radio ) ~- ineed another extraction -- ( leok at the group ) c'mon -- one of you 's here . let 's go . we group trade glance -- wait , we have to split up ? nobody like that idea . but Rob make the call rob Beth . get on the helicopter . Beth look at he , catch off -guard . what ? she shake she head -- no . rob Beth -- get_on the helicopter . we can hear the fear in Rob 's voice . the moment 's not lose on Beth -- she stare at Rob , see the panic in he eye . rob please -- we all be right behind you . ( look to the soldier ) take she -- beth no -- she jerk away from the soldier . lock eye with Rob . beth I be not leave you . and that stop rob. he hold her gaze as the rotor wash escalate around they . the soldier interrupt the moment -- lead soldier hey -- I get a idea -- why do not we_ all stay here ! ( get angry ) c' mon -- hud ( 0.8 . ) lily -- qo . continued 148 149 150 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 106 . continued ( 2 ) that snap everyone out of it . lily glance at the other -- what ? Rob glance at Beth , realize hud 's right . he look at lily , nod . lily stare at they , fear in she eye . but then she realize they nre right . one of they have to go . so she swallow , nod . lock eye with she friend . rock~solid as she say -- lily I 'il see you guy soon , okay ? and as soon as she say it , the soldier start escort she towards the chopper . no time for goodby -- private all right -- let 's qo -- cuT to : ext . intersection - loading zone - night 148 as the helicopter start to lift off , we catch a glimpse of lily -- she 's push aside a soldier , fight to get to the cargo window . and as she look out at we -- lil ts she hand s. in the foreground -- we see Rob and Beth hold up they hand : Goodbye , lily . hud hold on the helicopter as it lift into the air . as lily disappear from view -- CUT to : ext . loading zone - night 149 hud scan the sky -- we see lily helicopter , grow smaller and smaller in the sky . he pan down the street , find a second helicopter come in for a landing -- all the while -- we hear the sound of missile strike -- the world shake -- the monster shriek -- CUT to : ext . loading zone - night 150 the rotor wash kick up debris as Rob , Beth , and hud race towards the second helicopter be cargo door . a soldier hold out he hand , pull they inside -- CUT to : 151 152 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 107 . int . helicopter - night 151 camera find rob as the lead soldier strap he into he safety harness . rbeth ' 's beside he -- already strapped in -- one of the pilot call back to the lead soldier -- pilot one lead soldier -- they have initiate the icarus run -- -- oh Christ -- the lead soldier waste no time . he strap Rob in , slam the cargo door shut . hud watch he race away through the window . as the helicopter lift into the air , hud swing the camera towards Rob and Beth . both of they look fairly terrify . Rob reach out , take Beth 's hand . she glance at he . he lean in , give she a tender kiss . just to reassure she . cuT to : int . helicopter / ext . CITY - night 152 hud angle the camera out the window . as the helicopter rise in the air , hud angle the camera down -- below US -- debris and thick black smoke from the missile strike fill the street -- above the skyscraper -- we see the monster flail and shriek as the F - 18s bank towards it -- the fighter launch they missile -- fwoooossssh -- they streak through the sky -- head straight for -- ka - boom ! the missile hit the monster dead CENTER in the head -- exploding in a massive fireball -- hud ( 0.s. ) they hit it -- they hit it -- the explosion be so close the helicopter seem to shudder -- in the fiery aftermath , we see the monster pitching backward , disappear behind the skyscraper -- booqoooom ! we see the city shake as the monster seem to hit the ground , kicking up a massive debris cloud -- over the pilot 's radio -- we can hear cheering -- 153 154 155 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 108. int . helicopter - night 153 the helicopter 's banking . hud 's angling the camera down , try to get a glimpse of the aftermath -- but the smoke be so thick we can not see anything -- we hear chatter over the radio -- radio ( v.0 . ) radio ( v.0 . ) -- confirm hit , confirm -- do_we abort the run ? hit -- -- standby -- hud angle the camera towards reb and Beth . holding hand tightly . as they glance at each other -- radio { v.0 . ) it 's down ... it 's down ... we hear our pilot cheer , hud swing the camera forward , we see one of the pilot punch the ceiling in celebration -- CUT to : int . helicopter - dawn 154 we be look out over the city as the sunrise break the horizon . tendril gf light hit the debris and smoke roll though the city , make it look like we be float above cloud . not too far in the distance , we see glimpsis of the lush green foliage of central park peek through the smoke . and , despite the context , it 's almost beautiful . in fact , it feel like this could be the end of we movie ... after a beat , hud angle the camera down , scam the street . focus in on the cloud of debris below . and just then -- the monster _leap out of the smoke . it 's launching straight up -- right at US -- its angry jaw snap as it try to bite gur helicopter -- we hear we people scream as -- wham ! the monster make contact . the camera jerk as the airframe around US tumble violently and we abruptly CUT to -- int . helicopter - dawn 155 a static image , we be not even sure what we be look at , exactly . we see bit of GREEN , fragment of metal . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 109 . continued it 's quiet . after everything we have be through , the silence be jarring . we hold on this static image for a while , then -- we hear breathing . it 's faint , labor . wisp of black smoke seem to cross through frame . the breathe get louder . and then -- the camera shift . not much -- just a bit the the side , but enough to see -- we be inside the twisted wreckage of the helicopter . beth ( 0.s , ) Rob ... {then} Rob -- oh god -- we hear beth' voice . she sound panicked . terrified . we hear movement -- metal scraping on metal -- beth ( 0,8 . ) Rob ~- cfmon -- ( voice break ) rob -~ all the while , we be staring at the mangle wreckage . the black smoke seem to get worse as it roll through frame . behind we , we hear more movement -- beth {0 - S. ) hud -- hud -- camera shift -- we realize it 's still strapped around hud 's neck . we be now look down he body -- we see he 's still strapped into he harness -- we hear hud groan in pain -- beth ( 0.s . ) hud -- get up -- Beth 's hand enter frame . they nre shaking . she unbuckle hud 's harness -- beth you have to help I -- J can not get he out -- click-clack . she frees hud from he harness . camera shift -- it 's still hang around hud 's neck , and as he turn , we hear hud 's breath catch in he throat -- hud ( 0.8 . ) oh my ged , oh my god -- Rob -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 110 . continued ( 2 ) beth hud -- 'o mon -- hud move forward , and as he do so , camera swing forward -- and we catch a glimpse of Rob . he look horrible . his body 's catch in the twisted metal of the chopper . hud ( 0.s. } Rob -- Rob groans . his eye flutter as he struggle to regain consciousness . Beth grab Rob , try to free he from the metal around he ; camera shift as hud do the same -- beth ( 0.s. ) we have to pull -- hua -- yank -- hud pull hard against the metal -- as he do so , camera shift again so that we can see rob 's legs -- and_they be soaked with blood . rob ( 0.s. ) ( half -conscious ) you gotta get outta here ... we can hear Beth 's voice break as she try to reassure he -- beth ( 0.s. ) Rob -- Rob -- it 's okay -- ( waver ) we be gonna get you out of this ... rob smell like gas ... we see hud 's hand try to free Rob . as he pull they back , he see they be now cover in blood -- hud ( 0.s. ) oh god ... beth ( 0.s. ) ntake control ) hud -- ¢’mon -- pull -- on three -- {beat } one -- two -- three -- they yank on Rob 's body --~ we hear the metal give way -- hud fall back , pull Rob ' 's body with he . continued 156 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 111 . continued ( 3 ) and as hud stumble against the chopper wreckage behind he , the camera slam into the wall and we CUT to -- ext . central park - dawn 156 camera swing as hud pull it over he head ( the movement of which accidentally start this shot . ) it 's not entirely clear where we be --~ Beth and hud seem to have drag Rob out of the wreckage -- beth hud -- it 's he leg -- you have to stop the bleed -- hud pull the camera off , drop it to the ground . it land several foot away , frame we character . Rob 's on he back , unconscious . Beth 's cradling he in she arm . behind they -- we see the lush tree of czntral park -- and the smoking wreckage of the helicopter -- hud whip off he overshirt , press it against the wound in Rob 's leg . as hud work , Beth grab Rob 's head , try to keep he conscious -- beth Rob -- c’mon -- stay with I -- boom . the world around they shake violently . hud lock up -- we see terror on he face as he glance at whatever 's happen out of frame . we hear fighter racing by overhead ; the sound of the monster moving -- boom . beth hud ! stop the bleeding ! hud snap out of it , focus back on rob. boom . the camera bounce on the ground as the world shake yet again . in fact , we may notice the booming be get closer . hud think fast , whip he belt off , wrap it around Rob 's leg , cinch it tight . reb cry out -- grit he tooth -- behind they -- whoosh -- we see the ground catch FIRE . the flame trail streak towards the helicopter ... boom . the world shake around they . Rob 's eye gain focus as he glance around . fear on he face as he realize -- rob Beth ... Beth ... you have to go ... ( beat ) you have to leave I . continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 112 . continued and she lock eye with he . not waver for a second -- beth never . ka - booom ! in the background behind they , the helicopter explode . the concussion from the blast knock Beth and hud off they knee . as they struggle to right themselves -- beth hud -- boom . boom . the sound of chaos and destruction build and build -- just as the noise around they become deafening . hud pull the tourniquet tight once again -- hud it 's stop -- it 's stop -- beth all right , let 's go -- help I -- Beth and hud pull Rob to he foot . Rob cry out in pain , grit he tooth , fight through it . as Beth try to help Rob forward -- beth we gotta move . hud realize he forget something -- hud hang on -- he turn , race towards the camera . he pick it up , loop it around he neck . angle back towards Beth and Rob . and as he do so -- boom ! the world go dark around they -- we see Beth and Rob 's eye go wide in terror -- rob hud ! Beth scream . whip - fast , hud swing around , look up towards the sky just in time to see -- the_monster it 's move fast -- barrelling down right toward hud -- we catch a glimpse of its snapping jaw as it bite down -- hud barely have time to scream as -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 113 , continued ( 2 ) the monster eat hud . wh-wham ! camera 's looking down hud 's body as hud 's catch in the crease of the monster 's enormous teeth -- and as hud scream and scream -- hud 's body be ripped apart . it 's so fast it 's hard to register exactly what we be see -- light flash in and out of the monster 's mouth as it gnashes its teeth ~~ once -- twice -- blood fly everywhere -- hud 's scream abruptly cease as -- the monster swing its mouth down -- we see the fragment of hud 's body drop free -- the camera slip loose -- and fall -- we be in the air -- all we see be blue sky -- as the camera tumble -- we catch a glimpse of the monster racing forward , snap angrily -- the camera slowly flip around -- we see the GREEN grass of central park rush up to meet we ... wham ! the camera hit the ground , digging into the deep green grass . and a split-second after that -- wham ! hud n's face hit the ground , right next to the lens . he 's stare at we , eye dead the the world , face streak with blood . we be so close the camera 's auto - focus can not quite adjust -- as hud 's eye blur in and out of focus -- voice hud -- hud -- we hear a voice . scream in horror . grow closer -- voice hud ! hud ! the voice be so primal and torture it take we a moment to realize -- : - scream he heart out for he friend . it sound like he 's racing towards we -- rob ( 0.s. ) hud ! the camera jostle -- it 's as though Rob just reach the body -- and off that action we CUT to -- 157 158 159 a160 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 114 . ext . central park ~ bridge - morning 157 we be racing through Central Park , head towards a bridge . as we do so -- pzzt -- the camera fritzes again and we -- CUT to : ext . central park - under bridge - morning 158 moment later . we be diving beneath the bridge , crashing to the ground . it 's as though whoever be carry the camera just drop it as they stumble forward -- outside -- we can still hear the rumblings from the war go on between the monster and the army . prom the ground -- we catch a glimpse of Rob . he 's on the ground , gasping for air . we can hear Beth gasping as well . they both sound pain , anguish . we get the sense they have collapse from pure exhaustion . as they both gasp and gasp and gasp for air -- pzzt -- CUT to : ext . central park - under bridge - morning 159 moment later . camera 's still on the ground , where it fall . Rob 's shift just slightly -- we still can not see he face , but we can see the fresh blood all over he hand -- we hear he pained cry -- he voice be whisper , through gasp -- rob ( 0.s. ) he 's go ... ( then ) they be ail go ... pzz2t . camera fritzes again and we -- CUT tq : ext . central park - under bridge - morning a160 moment later . Rob and Beth have shift position . we can not see they face , but we get the sense they have sit up , move closer to one another . they voice be still panicked . we upcut right into they conversation -- beth ( 0.8 . ) -- try to make it as far as we can -- continued b160 c160 dieo 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 115 . continued rob ( 0.s. ) make it where ? there nowhere to run to . we have to -- pzz22t -- cuT to : ext . central park - under bridge - morning b1é0 later . camera 's now move -- it 's as though Rob just pick it up of the ground and be try to work it . as it swing around , we catch a glimpse of he lower body -- he 's still lie on the ground , with he back against the wall . we can see the fresh blood all over he -- we can hear there voice . they sound a little less panicked . more resigned -- beth ( 0.8 . ) Rob , what be you do ? rob ( 0.s. ) hud think it be important . and as the camera shift -- cuT to : ext . central park ~ under bridge - morning c160 camera adjust to find rob . he 's lock right at we . he look batter . haunted . shellshocked . we can still hear the muffle SOUND of explosion ringing out -- the noise have become commonplace . Rob stare at we . prepare to speak . we get the sense he 's fight off tear , and losing . CUT to ; ext . central park - under bridge - morning d160 moment later . still close on rob -- he seem a bit more compose . he stare at we , take a breath , then -- rob my name be Robert hawkins . it 's ... ( check watch ) six forty - two a.m. May 23rd . Saturday . ( more ) continued e160 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 116 . continued rob ( continued ) ( beat ) approximately seven hour ago ... some thing attack we city ... he shake he head -- how do I even describe it ? rob I do not know what it be . ( beat ) if you find this tape ... if you nre watch this right now , then you probably know more about that thing than I do . he swallow , try to hold it together . rob whatever it be ... it kill my brother , Jason hawkins . it kill my friend marlena diamond and Hudson Platt . ( beat} among other . after a beat -- ka - boom -- a explosion ring out , shake the world . Dust rain down on Rob . he tense , keep himself compose . stare at the camera . rob we crash here in Central Park . we take shelter under this bridge . ( beat ) the military ... they nve begin bombing that creature . ( beat ) and we be catch in the middle . cuT to : ext . central park - under bridge - morning e160 camera 's swinging around -- Rob 's behind it , try to find beth . outside , we hear the sound of bombing get louder and louder . Beth 's freak out -- clearly terrify . beth ... I do not know what to say . rob ( 0.s. ) it 's okay ... look at I . Rob settles into a close shot on beth . continued 160 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 117 . continued rob ( 0.58 . ) dust tell they who you be . Beth nod -- ckay . she steel herself . stare into the camera . prepare to speak . beth my name be Elizabeth mcintyre . a beat . what else should I say ? we see tear beginning to well up in she eye -- beth I do not know why this be happen . ( beat ) but ... we be gonna wait here until this pass . a beat . she fight off the tear , then -- beth ( stronger ) we be gonna wait -- ka - boogcom ! with Beth in mid-sentence , the entire bridge collapse . it happen fast -- we be talk a split - second here . a massive explosion ring out -- camera jolt as Rob drop it -- we can hear Rob scream -- rob ( o.s. ) beth -- and as debris and darkness envelop US --~ we world tossing about as though we nre in a massive EARTHQUAKE -- pzz2z2 ztt -- the camera fritzes out yet again -- cur to : ext . central park - under bridge - day 160 darkness . we can still hear the rumbling of bomb go off around we , but they be a bit muffled now . we have be buried alive . we hold on this dark tableau long enough to let the sheer horror of it land , and then -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 118 . continued we hear a gasp . it 's absolutely panicked . terrified . we hear another gasp ... and then another ... then -- rob ( 0.s. ) Beth -- we hear rob 's voice . we can hear he panicked breathing as well ... beth ( 0.s. ) ( gasp ) Rob Rob rob -- rob ( 0.s. ) beth -- the debris shift around we -- we get the sense someone be try to move through it -- as the panicked breathing continue to ring out , the movement cause the camera to shift just slightly and we -- find rob and beth . we be close on they -- the frame obscure by the darkness and debris around they . but we can see just enough to know that Rob 's get Beth cradle in he arm . as he pull she close -- rob it 's okay -- the world rumble around they -- as though more bombing be happen above they . Beth cry out , absolutely terrify . rob Beth -- we be still here . beth Rob -- I can not -- teca not -- rob they be gonna find we , Beth . you have to hang on -- the world keep rumbling -- rob they be gonna find we -- ssshhhhooqoqoaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrr -- outside -- we can hear the monster 's angry scream -- continued 161 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 119 . continued ( 2 ) beth oh god -- rob look at I . Beth -- Rob pull she into he -- rob I love you . she hold he gaze . they seem to forget about the world around they for one moment -- beth I love you . kaaaa -boooommmm ! the world shake -- Beth cry out -- Rob pull she tight -- zzzsshhzzz -- and as the EARTHQUAKE cause the camera to shift -- we world go dark -- the EARTHQUAKE reach crescendo and pzztt -- cut to : ext . coney island - day 161 we be look out at the ocean . it 's peaceful . serene . we hear the rolling wave . the distant sound of people laugh . we seem to be look out from a high vantage point . and we be move upward -- rob ( 0 , S. } I be really gonna miss this . beth ( 0.s. ) they have ferris wheel in Japan , Rob . rob ( 0.5 . ) that 's not what I be talk about -- Rob swing the camera around , angle it back towards himself . and we reveal -- Rob and Beth be at coney Island . Riding side - by-side on the ferris wheel . and , once again , we be look at what use to becon this tape . Rob hold the camera out at arm length so they be both in frame . as he lean in towards she -- continued 6/8/07 cloverfield by Drew Goddard 120 . continued rob ( playful ) ¢’mon -- be honest . you be gonna miss I , be not you ? and she smile , match he tone , shrug -- beth yeah , we will see . beep beep . we hear a sound come from the camera . as Rob look down at its display , the image shift back outward -- rob ( 0.s.} ( realize ) tape 's almost out . we only have about thirty second leave ... he angle the camera back towards Beth . rob ( 0.8 . } anything else you want to say ? we hold on beth as she think about what she want to say . behind she , we can see the SUN setting . then she smile , look right at we -- beth I have a good day . and off beth , as the tape roll out -- CUT to black , the end