clue screenplay by Jonathan Lynn Story by John landis and Jonathan Lynn shoot - script February 8 , 1985 , plus revise page date March 26 , 1985 ( blue ) , April 10 , 1985 ( pink ) , and July 9 , 1985 ( green ) . mission P. 22 : clue fade in : ext . a house on a hill - night music : : we be look up at a house . it stand some distance away , on a hill . from the moment we see it we know that it be a house of terror -- impose , gothic , gloomy , menace . perhaps it be reminiscent of the house in psycho , perhaps -- though not a castle -- it have the desert soulless empty quality of kane 's house when see first through its gate . the music we hear be thriller music , urgent string , ' suggest panic , suggest unspoken evil . Bernard Hermann sort-of-music . and the weather be overcast . there be a watery moon struggle to break through racing cloud . - but a thunderstorm be on the way . superimpose : MAIN title a car turn off a ' highway onto a country lane lead towards the house . the car would not be the -cat 's whisker even in the year in which this story take place . end title - superimpose " 1954 " camera ' crane down . and move with the car as it approach the gate of the house . they be close . a man get out of the car . he be a butler . he be dress like a butler . he have the manner of a butler . even when open gate all alone he do so with the demeanour of a butler . ' his name be wadsworth . have open the gate , he sit back in he car , and motor slowly up the private drive . ext . the front . door - night as the butler 's car draw to a halt , there be a distant rumble of thunder . light can be see through some of the ground floor window . a savage look german shepherd | snarl and bare he tooth .at the arrive car . another german shepherd be crapping on top of the front step . both dog be chain up . wadsworth get out of the car , lock it methodically , and mount the step to the front door . ' one of the dog leap at he , try to attack he . he throw a chunk of raw meat at the dog . they fall upon it hungrily , and retreat to the side of the step . wadsworth be relieved . ( continued ) revised 3/26/85 continued : he step back , eye they - satisfied - produce a key from he overcoat pocket , turn , step in the dog shit . : int . the hall - night methodically , wadsworth open the front door . it creak . he come in sniff , make a face , scrape he shoe , shut the door , hang up he coat on the coat stand . he wear a black jacket , white tie , stiff collar and poinstripe trousers . he walk across the marble floor , he foot - step echoing on the cold , grey stone . he stop at the open dining room door and look in . the table be beautifully and meticulously laid for dinner for seven . * int . the library - night yvette be the french maid . she be young , beautiful , with a great figure which be tightly encase in a may 's uni - form -- black dress , little white apron and cap , sheer black stocking and dainty black shoe . but the skirt be short than normal , and very tight over she bottom -- and she black dress be very low cut . her ample bosom be push right up and half out of the top of the dress . she be a outrageous young lady , with a improbable french accent which can not be reproduce on the page . she have be polish a glass , and dance to the latest poo music on the radio . she bend forward to replace the glass on the tray , she breast fall beautifully forward . wadsworth watch . wadsworth | be everything ready ? yvette oui , monsieur . wadsworth you have you instruction . wadsworth leave the library , yvette sniff and make a face . wadsworth cross the hall to the kitchen . yvette look at the bottom of she shoe , puzzle . we hear a metallic scraping SOUND . int . the ' kitceen - night wadsworth come in . the cook , a plump but inscrutable chinese lady , be methodically sharpen * a large shiny carve knife on a steel . in the background be ' film of senator joseph mccarthy of Wisconsin on a 1950 's black and white tv set , per - form characteristically at a hearing on the House Committee of un-american activity . ( actual film ) . wadsworth everything all right , Mrs. Ho ? she stand - up , face to face with he . mrs . ho dinner will be ready at nine-thirty . ' and she settles down and watch the tv as wadsworth leave . ext . front door - night a man be hand - grasp hold of the bell - pull . pull . int . bell turret - night the bell jerk and clang . int . the hall - night wadsworth be crossing the Hall . the bell stop clanging . he look at he watch and nod . every - thing in order . he open the door . we see a smartly turn out man . he be eyeing the dog . wadsworth good -even . he step aside . but the man do not.come in . the man 's car be park in the drive . the dog be back ' beside they kennel , eat . man good evening . I do not know if ... he falter . wadsworth come to the rescue . wadsworth yes indeed sir , you be expect , Colonel . the word ' Colonel ' seem to reassure the man alittle . he step in , and wadsworth close the front - door . ( continued ) 8 continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth 2 ( continue ) May I take you coat ? it be Colonel ' mustard , be not it ? he hold out he hand . colonel mustard ( for it be he ! ) no , that 's not my name . I be Colonel ... wadsworth hold up he right . hand , sharply . colonel mustard flinch . ' he remind - us.a little of Colonel Hall in '' sergeant bilko " . * '' wadsworth forgive I but tonight you may well feel oblige to my employer . for the use of a pseudonym . colonel mustard do not quite get all that . wadsworth turn and - hang up colonel mustard be coat on hook . the colonel eye he : suspiciously , and sniff the.air , .and then look at he own foot . ss who be you ? wadsworth I be -wadsworth , sir . the butler . colonel mustard and he lead the way across the Hall . colonel mustard enter with reluctance and suspicion , look up and around the. high cold gothic hall , light by a flicker chandelier and shaft of moonlight steal through the stain glass window . . '' 9 int . library = night yvette be pour champagne at the -drink table , as wadsworth and colonel mustard enter . yvette and the ~ colonel look at each other with particular interest . wadsworth notice . wadsworth yvette , would you attend to the Colonel and give he anything he require . ( a beat ) ( within reason , that be . ( continued ) 10 . will . continued : there be a ring at the doorbell again ... wadsworth leave , shutting the door behind he softly . the door , like all the wall , be cover in bookshelve . colonel mustard turn to speak to wadsworth just as the door have close . he can not even see where the door be . colonel mustard wadsworth ... ( realize ) where would he go ? ext . front door - night mrs . white be stand there . she be a pale , tragic but beautiful look woman in she thirty . Dark har and eye , white skin , dress in black . wadsworth open the door . ~ wadsworth do come in , madam , you be expect . : she remind we of a woman from a Charles Adams cartoon . she be hold a letter . mrs . white do you know who I be ? wadsworth only that you be to be know as ... Mrs. White . mrs . white it say so in the letter . but why ? _ she step inside . he help she off with she coat . he hang it up . she sniff , wrinkling she nose in distaste . then she check she foot . int . the library colonel mustard be still look for the door handle . yvette be hand a drink to colonel mustard . suddenly the door open , and flatten he against the wall . wadsworth enter , follow by mrs . white . wadsworth ah . May I introduce you -- Mrs. White , this be yvette , the may -- ( mrs . white and . yvette flinch on see each other ) I see you know each other . ( continued ) al continued : mrs . white and yvette eye each other -- then they eye cy turn , in fear , to wadsworth . colonel mustard appear . wadsworth - be you all right , Colonel ? 12 ext . the country lane - night a rumble of thunder . a stunningly attractive woman , whom we . shall call miss scarlet , be bend over the open hood of she automobile . she be stare at the : engine inidespair . she get into the car , and turn the starter again . the engine be dead . in the distance she see headlight come toward she . she try to attract the attention - of the pass car . 13 int . professor plum' car - night - professor plum be drive along . he be listen to senator joseph mccarthy come live froma hearing : of the House ' Committee on un-american activity . ( actual recording . ) . he see miss scarlet , rl. and eye she carefully as he drive past . decide that assit she 's rather a dish , he slow down , stop and reverse é back to she . professor plum what 's the trouble ? miss scarlet my car . professor plum want a lift ? '' she hesitates . professor plum ( continue ; leer ) it 's perfectly safe . miss scarlet yes , please . I be late for a dinner : date . she get in . ( continued ) ~ G 13 14 ~ continued : professor plum I too . where be you go ? miss scarlet you know this part of the world ? professor . plum nope . . miss scarlet I neither . * ( she - get a letter out of ‘her purse . I be go to Hill House ... off ' Route forty - one . professor plum catch sight of the letter head . professor plum wait a minute . let I look at that . ( he take it from she and .and ' look at it ) that 's where I be go . I get a letter like this . they look at each other with a mixture of interest and suspicion . heavy drop of rain start to fall - on the windshield . he start the windshield wiper , and drive on . : : int . the library - night wadsworth be introduce mrs . peacock to mrs . white and colonel mustard . mrs . . peacock be a wealthy woman , with jewel and a fur steal with fox tail and claw dangle from - :it . she have considerable vanity . wadsworth and this be Mrs. peacock . colonel mustard how do you do ? mrs . white hello . wadsworth yvette , would you please go and check that dinner will be ready just as soon as . all the guest have arrive ? ( continued ) 7a . '' 14 continued : ~ yvette go . . wadsworth too . mrs. peacock watch she go , with slight incredulity . yvette have apparently be pour into she tight little dress . ( continued ) 14 15 of 16 17 continued : then mrs . peacock sniff and surreptitiously check she foot , then look at the other ' foot . ext . the . house - night two more car be park in the driveway . mrs . peacock 's and the car belong to the dapper young man , tall , slim , bespectacle and exquisitely turn out , who wait by the front door . wadsworth open '' it . mr . GREEN be this the right address to meet Mr. boddy ? wadsworth nod and stand aside to . admit he . — : wadsworth you must be Mr. Green . mr . GREEN nod anxiously . one of the two dog be strain . at the leash . wadsworth ( continue ; firmly ) sit ! mr . - GREEN immediately sit , on a chair just inside the front door . wadsworth turn and see he . wadsworth . ( continue ) : no , not you , sir . int . professor plum' car - night professor plum be . drive . miss scarlet be map read . miss scarlet it should be just along here . ext . the gate - night from the p.0.v. of the house and gate , we see the car turn off the road towards the house . the car stop . ( continued ) 17 18 19 continued : professor plum and miss . scarlet 's p.o.v. , we see the gothic mansion . it be magnificent , impose , and scary . there be a tremendous flash of fork lightning , then .a crack of thunder . miss scarlet why have the car stop ? professor plum it 's frighten . another tremendous thunderclap and flash -- it be as if the god be angry with hilltop House . professor plum re-start the engine , and as the .car move ' forward through the gate the heaven open . a cloudburst . ' rain beat down on the car and the gravel drive . Palm ' tree bend , nearly flatten ‘by the gale~ force wind . int . . the library - night colonel mustard , mrs . white , and mrs . peacock be stand around with they glass of champagne . yvette offer one to mr . GREEN who take it . they be all aware of the tremendous ' storm outside . they eye turn apprehensively towards the mighty lead window , which rattle as the rain drum against they . ext . the house - night professor plum and miss scarlet be hurry out of they car , . and up to the front door , . amid the torrential . downpour . they ring the doorbell , and look about . in only the few step from the car they be soaking wet . he be protect she from the rain , he hand around she and he - coat over she head . ' professor plum ( hushed ) what a god-forsaken place . they look around , under the cover of the front porch . wadsworth open the door . he be surprised . wadsworth Professor plum and miss scarlet ? I do not realize you be acquainted . ( continued ) 19 o 20 of 21 22 continued : miss scarlet we be not . int . the library - night colonel mustard , mrs . white , mrs . peacock , and mr . GREEN be stand around nervously , not talk to each other , look up and around at the great bookcase fill with leather - bound volume . wadsworth enter with professor plum and ' miss scarlet . ' wadsworth May I present ... Professor plum , - and miss '' scarlet . they nod . he take a silver salver from yvette and offer the two glass to miss scarlet and professor plum . mr . GREEN take one . ' they all sip thier champagne . the * log fire crackle and spit . wadsworth ( continue ) of course , since you have each be address by a pseudonym , you will have realize that nobody here be be . address by eir real name . - they all glance nervously at each other , with renew suspicion . ' suddenly there be .a terrifying crash ! everyone jump . mr. GREEN 's champagne shoot out of he glass and all over himself and mrs . peacock . CUT to : | int . the hall it - be the go , be forcefully strike by the cook . int . the library / hall / dine room wadsworth ah , dinner , mr . GREEN be mop up mrs .. peacock . ( continued ) il . 22 continued : mr . GREEN I be sorry , I be a little accident prone . and he lead everyone out of ' the Library and across the Hall . as they come into the Hall , the cook vanish into the Kitchen . wadsworth lead on into the . dining room . 23 int . dine room ' they all crowd in through the door.. and hesitate as they see the beautiful long mahogany table , set .as if for a college feast -- silver - cutlery , wedgewood china , candle and crystal decanter and goblet of vary size for various wine . a vision of ' elegance . wadsworth ( v.0 . ) you will find you name beside you place . please be seat . they all sit at the table . Three on each side . there be one empty place , at the head of the table . . colonel ' mustard be this place for you ? a wadsworth indeed no , ' sir . I «am merely a humble butler . colonel mustard hmm ! so. what exactly do you do ? wadsworth I buttle , sir . colonel ' mustard which mean what ? wadsworth the butler be head of the Kitchen and dining room . I keep everything ... tidy , that 's all . colonel mustard I see , / ( continued ) 23 continued : mrs . peacock ( sit ) well , what 's all this about , butler ? this dinner party . wadsworth ( smoothly ) " our not to reason why our but to do and die ... " professor plum look up anxiously . professor plum " die " ? music ! but wadsworth be ' smile reassuringly . wadsworth merely quote , sir , from Alfred Lord tennyson . . colonel mustard I prefer kipling myself . " the female of the species be more deadly than the male . " the lady . all stare at he coldly . he pick up a plate of hor d'oeuvre and offer it to miss scarlet . colonel mustard ( continue ) do ' you like kipling , miss scarlet ? miss scarlet sure , I will eat anything . yvette have be go round the table , with soup bowl . ' yvette ' shark 's fin soup , Madame ? mrs . peacock get some , then miss scarlet , then mrs . white , then professor plum , and colonel mustard . colonel mustard indicate the elegant chippendale upright armchair at the head of the table . colonel : mustard so be this for we host ? ( continued ) 12 . 23 13 . continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth no sir -- for the seventh guest . Mr. boddy . : all the guest look at each other , somewhat surprised . mrs . white I think Mr. boddy be we host . the other so do i! mrs . white so who be we host , wadsworth ? wadsworth ignore the question . but he be pour the wine -- perhaps he do not hear it . professor plum well , I be go to start , while it 's still hot . he pick up he spoon , then see that not everyone have be serve . mrs . peacock should not we wait for the other guest ? yvette I will keep ' something warm for he . miss scarlet ( acidly ) : what do you have in mind , dear ? professor plum see that everyone have be serve . he start eat . so do the other . the slurping sound of soup be eat , as delicately .as possible , as everyone be aware that they be all watch --- and listen -- to each other . big close - ups or two shot of each of the six guest in turn . yvette go out to the Kitchen , follow by wadsworth . after eat in silence for a while , mrs . peacock speak nervously . mrs . peacock well ... ( continued ) 14 . 23 continued ‘( 3 ) : : all head turn towards she . she lose she nerve momentarily , then continue , speak rather too quickly with a slight air of hysteria . mrs . peacock ( continue ) somebody 's get to break the ice , so it might as well be I . I mean , I be use to be a hostess , it 's part of my husband 's work , and it 's always difficult when a group of new friend meet together for the first time to get .acquainted , so I be perfectly prepare to start the ball roll , I mean , I have absclutely no idea what we be do here or what I be do here or what this place be about but I be determine to . enjoy myself and very intrigue and oh - my , this soup be delicious , be not it ? there be a pause . they all still look at she . mrs . '' white you say you be use to be a hostess as part of you husband 's : work ? : mrs . peacock yes . it 's a integral part of you life when you be the wife of a ... : ( she stop herself ) but then , I forget , we be not . suppose to say who we really be , be we , though heavens to betsy . I do not know why . colonel mustard do not you ? there be another silence . mr. GREEN be stare at mrs . peacock . mr. GREEN ( quietly ) I know who you be . mrs. peacock look at he , surprised . : : ( continued ) 23 15 . ' continued ( 4 ) : miss scarlet ( mischievously ) be not you gonna tell we ? mr . GREEN shrug . it 's not up to he to say , but mrs . peacock can not leave it alone . mrs . peacock how do you know who I be ? mr . - GREEN I work in Washington too . professor plum Washington ? ( he look at mrs . peacock ) so you be a politician 's wife ? mrs . peacock realize she have to brazen it out . mrs . peacock yes , I be . they all stare at she , wait for more information . colonel mustard come on then -- who 's you husband ? the door open suddenly . they all jump .a little . wadsworth come in . he indicate to yvette to come in ' and collect up the soup bowl . she do so in a tense silence , and depart with wadsworth , who close the door behind they . meanwhile , the conversation have continue . mrs . peacock and what do you husband do ? . mrs . white nothing . mrs . peacock can not work out what mrs . white mean . mrs . peacock * nothing at_all ? * mrs . white well , he just lie around on he back all day . miss scarlet ( dryly ) sound like hard work to I . ( continued ) 16 . 23 continued ( 5 ) : o they all look at miss scarlet . suddenly a panel shoot up behind they . they all jump . mr. GREEN spill food or wine over miss scarlet . . * mr. GREEN I be sorry , I be a little accident prone . we see it be a hatch into the Kitchen . yvette be place the main course in the hatch . yvette Excuse moi . in the b.g. , indistinctly , we see cook dish up 'o food . wadsworth come into the dining room , and start place the main course in front of each guest . it be chinese food -- a couple of bland look main dish with rice , noodle and so forth . mrs. peacock taste it . | mrs . peacock ; mmm. delicious | ( she glance admiringly through the serve hatch ) this be one of my favorite recipe . '' wadsworth edge in front of the pass -through , so that * mrs . peacock - cannot ' see the - cook . wadsworth I know , madam . she look at he with further curiosity . wadsworth start to pour the wine , topping up one or two glass . 7 mrs . peacock | so what do you do in Washington : : D.C. , Mr. Green ? | | mr . GREEN smile and shake he head . mrs. peacock persist . mrs . . peacock ( continue ) come on , what do you do ? how be we to get acquainted if we do not say anything about ourselves ? mr . GREEN smile a wintry smile . '' miss scarlet '' a perhaps he do not . want to get '' . acquainted with you . ( conyinued ) 17 . 23 continued ( 6 ) : | 'o mrs . peacock cy well , I do not know I be sure . | . : if i.was not try to keep the conversation go we would all be sit here in . a embarrassed | silence . professor plum ( curious ) be you frighten of silence , Mrs. peacock ? -mr . peacock ( frighten ) no -- why ? professor plum . it just seem to I that you be . you seem to suffer from what we call pressure of speech . : miss scarlet pick this up at once . . miss scarlet ' we ? who 's " we " ? professor plum hesitates . miss scarlet ( continue ) be you a shrink ? professor plum er ... I do know a little about psychological medicine , yes . ' mrs . white you be a doctor ? professor plum ( evasively ) iam , but I do not practice . : miss scarlett but practice make perfect . ( suggestively : ) I think most man need a little practice . do not you , Mrs. peacock ? mrs . peacock do not know what she 's talk about . ( continued ) 18 23 continued ( 7 ) : mrs . white so what do you do , Professor ? professor plum I work for uno . the united Nations Organization . colonel mustard be not impressed . colonel mustard another politician ? Jesus . professor plum no . i. work for .a branch -of uno . w.h.o . the World Health Organization . mrs . peacock what 's you area of special concern ? professor plum | family plan . '' miss scarlet ' so , if we ever want to find out about you know what , we could go to uno wha ? mr . GREEN smile .a little . they :eat in silence . professor - plum so what about you , Colonel . mustard ? be you a real Colonel ? | colonel mustard . ( diginify ) iam , sir . and colonel mustard continue eat . miss scarlet you be not go ‘to mention the coincidence that you also live in Washington , d.c . they all look at she , then at he . colonel mustard stop | eat , a forkful of food half - way to he mouth . . | colonel mustard how do you know that ? have we meet before , ma'am ? ( 3 | miss scarlet . -, . I have certainly see you before - though you may not have notice I , I daresay . ' . ( continued ) ' 'o eel 23 continued : she smile at he . mr. GREEN be no fool . he have - make a quick deduction . mr . GREEN miss scarlet , do that mean you live there , too ? ( continued ) 18a . 23 24 19 . continued ( 8 ) : she smile at he . miss scarlet sure do . mrs . peacock do anyone here not live in Washington , d.c .? a ; professor plum I do not . mr . GREEN be think . mr . '' GREEN yes , ' but you work for uno . a government job . and the rest ' of we all live ' in .a- government town . anyone here not earn they live from the government one way or another ? . they all look at each other . colonel mustard stand up . colonel mustard wadsworth -- where be we host , and why have we be bring here ? wadsworth smile enigmatically . and the doorbell ring . int . the hall wadsworth walk down the Hall to the front door . tense music . he open the door , and stand there be a unprepossessing man . one might almost describe he as ugly if one be feel charitable . certainly he feature be ordinary enough , but there . be about ‘him a air of malevolence , bitterness -- perhaps even evil ! he also bite he nail and pick he ' tooth , nose , and other orifice . he carry .a- small lock suitcase . as the door open there be a tremendous flash of lightning and a crash ' of thunder . wadsworth seem pleased to see he , in a odd sort of way . wadsworth ah , Mr. boddy . ' you be eagerly await . ( continued ) : 24 25 26 27 20 .. continued : mr . boddy I find that hard to believe . this be not you place , I take it ? wadsworth no sir . it be on loan . he step aside to allow mr . boddy to enter . he do . mr. boddy look wadsworth up and down , with a sneer on he already unpleasant feature . mr . boddy and what be you ' suppose ' to be ? wadsworth be close the front door . the wind be howling . wadsworth I be suppose to be polite . though when talk to you , I find that the task be almost beyond I . they be talk loudly enough to be hear in the dining room . int . the dine room all six guest be listen to the conversation in the Hall . so be yvette . int . kitchen the cook be listen too . int . the hall wadsworth be hang up mr . boddy 's hat , coat and umbrella . mr. boddy just one thing -- '' wadsworth " . remember I know who you really be . and do not you forget it . wadsworth turn to face he . wadsworth shall I take you bag ? ( continued ) | | | | i | 27 28 21 . continued : ° mr. boddy '' no -- I will leave it here , till I need it . wadsworth as you wish -- it contain evidence , I presume . . mr. boddy surprise , my friend ! that 's what it contain -- surprise ! he put it under the coat rack . as he do so , wadsworth turn back to the front . door and lock it with .a deadlock mr . boddy ( continue ) May I see that key ? wadsworth over my dead body , sir . mr . boddy give a little smile . wadsworth set off * across the Hall to the dining room . : mr. boddy follow . wadsworth ( continue ) . have you just arrive from ; Washington , sir ? : mr. boddy yes , it 's a long haul . wadsworth ( look up and around ) indeed it be a long hall . but then it 's a very large house . mr . . boddy ( unpleasantly ) you think you be quite a fellow , do not you ? int . dine room all the guest be eat in silence . wadsworth enter , follow by mr. boddy . everyone turn to look at mr . boddy as he enter . he stop dead , slightly frighten , when he see they all . they look at he with curiosity . it should _ be clear to we that he recognize they but none of they recognize he . ( continued ) 28 23 . continued ( 2 ) : mr . GREEN ( eventually ) I get a similar letter ... miss scarlet ( to professor plum ) so do we , do not we ? mr . boddy I also receive a letter . meanwhile , yvette have be place the main course in front of mr . boddy . ' he wave it away . mr . boddy ( continue ) no thanks , yvette , I be not hungry . mr . GREEN flash a look at they both . again he be quick on the uptake . '' mr . GREEN how do you know - she name ? mr . boddy smile at yvette , and slide he hand up * she skirt . she edge away , disgust . mr . boddy -- we know each other , do not we dear ? she nod , almost imperceptibly . wadsworth forgive my curiosity , Mr. boddy , but do you letter say the same - thing ? mr. boddy ( brusque ) no. wadsworth * I see . can I interest any of you in fruit or dessert ? no one be interested . they shake they head . much of the main course have be leave uneaten . ( continued ) 28 29a o 293 looe 24 . continued ( 3 ) ' wadsworth ( continue ) in that case , May I suggest that we adjourn to the Study for coffee and brandy , at which point I believe we unknown host will reveal he intention . they all rise .. the men stand aside to let the lady out first . : colonel mustard lady first .. wadsworth signal to yvette to start clear the table . | int . the hall . . * colonel mustard and miss scarlet be converse as * | they cross the hall . * 's colonel mustard ( continue ) if he 's in the study , why do not he join we for dinner ? miss scarlet well , I be - certainly look forward to meeting he . int . the study we see the Study . it be empty . the guest , lead by , wadsworth cross the Hall from the dining room , and enter the Study . they stop and look around . : : mr. GREEN | ( surprised ) there 's no one here . miss scarlet mind if I - smoke ? she offer cigarettes aroung . professor plum take one , - and light they both up . '' wadsworth please help yourselves to coffee and brandy , and be seat . and he cross to the desk , past a blaze log fire . on the desk there be a plain brown envelope simply address : " tq wadsworth . please OPEN after dinner . " he pick it up . they settle on chair and sofa around the room . ( continued ) 298 30 25 ... continued : '' it be a comfortable room , oak panele , chintz cover " chair and sofa form a contrast with the heavy leather furniture in the Library .and the elegance - of the dining room . unlike the other room , which have wooden parquet flooring , the Study have Persian rug over a soft wall - to - wall carpet . sitting in a silence as they all watch he , wadsworth pick up a fancy letter opener and open the brown manilla envelope . he withdraw a short letter . he glance at it , then look around , replace the envelope on the desk . wadsworth ( continue ) lady and gentleman , I be instruct to explain to you what you all have in common with each other . unless . ( he glance a mr. boddy ) «+. unless you would care to do the honors , Mr. boddy . mr . boddy why I ? do they know who I be ? : wadsworth I - do not think so . ' you have never identify yourself to they , I believe . mrs . white ( stand up ) why ? who be you ? mr. boddy address all the guest . he stand up . mr. boddy we have all be drag here for nothing . its . a hoax . i-suggest we all leave . wadsworth I be sorry , sir , but you can not leave this house . mr . boddy no ? he go out of the house . int . the hall mr . boddy be hurry towards the front door . wadsworth appear . ( continued ) 30 continued : wadsworth you can not leave ! mr . boddy ( snarling ) who 's. go to stop I ? wadsworth there be no way out . mr . boddy try :to open the front door . it be lock . as he do so , all the guest crush into the doorway to watch . ( continued ) ( ud 30 31 through 33 34 26 .* continued : mr. boddy this be a outrage . how dare you hold we prisoner ! the other all speak at once . colonel mustard : - hear , hear . ( ( miss scarlet : what be this ? ( mrs . peacock : I be get very frighten . ( mr . . grben : he 's right ! ' t mrs . white : let we out . ' professor ' plum : ' you have no right to do this . wadsworth quiet they - down . ' wadsworth lady and gentleman -- please ( he get some silence ) please return to the Study and all will be explain . you too , Mr. boddy . they turn . reluctantly , mr. boddy follow . froma * p.0.v. over mr . boddy 's shoulder , we can see that * he have see the conservatory . | * he hurry towards it . ! wadsworth ( from the Study ) other way . . but mr . boddy take no notice . so wadsworth hurry out into the Hall and hasten down the Hall in pursuit of mr. boddy . omitted int . the conservatory - night huge green creep vegetation cover the room . there be many potential . lurking place in here . the rain be beat down loudly on the glass roof . ( continued ) 34 35 27 . continued : mr . boddy . be run into the room which , like all conservatory , be mostly make of glass . he jump onto.a ledge at the far end , and pick up a flower pot preparatory to break the glass . wadsworth almost run into the conservatory . wadsworth you can not get out that way . mr . boddy why not ? it 's just glass . wadsworth look . a vicious ' snarling doberman pinscher leap up .at the side of the conservatory mr . boddy turn back from the window . - int . the study everyone be sit . - yvette , who be wait there , see that they have refill of coffee , and start to hand brandy around . brandy be silently accept by colonel mustard , professor plum , and miss scarlet . wadsworth ' stand in front of the crackle log fire , and consult the content - of the envelope which he -open in scene 29 . wadsworth lady and gentleman , you all have one thing in common . you be all be blackmail . they all glance nervously at - each other . wadsworth ( continue ) for some ' considerable time .all of you have be pay what you can afford -- and , in some case , more than you can afford -- to someone who threaten to expose you . and none of you know who 's blackmail you , - do you ? : ( continued ) 35 28 . continued : mrs .. . peacock ( unconvincingly ) I have never hear anything so ridiculous , nobody could blackmail I , my life 's a open book . I have never do anything wrong . they all look at she . wadsworth anybody else wish to deny it ? ' no one reply . they be watchful , and wait . wadswroth ( continue ) very well . -. as everyone here be in the same boat , there be no harm in my revealing some detail . and my instruction be to do so . : he look through some typewritten papers that be in the brown envelope . he nod to yvette to leave the room . they watch she go . the door close ' béhind ‘her . mrs . white do not you think that you might spare we this humiliation ? wadsworth I be sorry . Professor plum -- you be once a Professor of psychiatry specialize in help paranoid and homicidal lunatic suffer from - delusion of grandeur . professor plum ves , but now I work .at the United Nations . wadsworth so you work ‘has not change . but you do not practice medicine at the UN . his license to practice have be lift . correct ? miss scarlet be very interested in this revelation . miss scarlet why ? what do he do ? ' ( continued ) 29 , * 35 continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth you know what doctor be not allow to do with they lady patient ? miss scarlet yes ? wadsworth well -- he do . miss ' scarlet look at -him with a smile , mrs . peacock with disgust . . mrs . peacock how disgusting ! '' wadsnorth turn to mrs . peacock . . wadsworth be you make moral judgement , Mrs. peacock ? - how ' then - do - you justify take bribe in return for deliver you husband Senator peacock 's vote to certain lobbyist ? mrs . peacock my husband 's a pay consultant . there 's nothing wrong with that . wadsworth not if it 's publicly declare . but if the payment be deliver by slipoing use greenback in plain envelope under ' the door of the men' room , how would you describe that transaction ? miss scarlet I would say it stank ! mrs . peacock ( scathing ) how would you know , you have never be in that mens room . professor plum so it 's true . c3 | mrs. peacock no , it 's a vicious lie . ( continued ) 35 continued ( 3 ) : colonel mustard be listen with pleasure . ' wadsworth ( smoothly ) I be - sure we be all - glad to hear that . but you have be pay blackmail for over a year now , to keep this story out of the papers . mrs . white I be willing to believe you . I be also be blackmail for something I do not - do . mr . GREEN me. too. : colonel mustard and I . - miss scarlet ( cheerfully ) but not I ! wadsworth be surprised . wadsworth you be not be blackmail ? miss scarlet oh I be be blackmail all right . but I do - what I be be blackmail for . they all look at she , stunne by this open admission of guilt . professor plum what do you do ? miss scarlet well , to be perfectly frank , I run.a " specialize " hotel -- and a telephone service which provide gentleman with the company of a young lady for a short while . professor plum take out a notepad and pencil . he be interested . : professor plum oh yeah ? what 's the phone number ? ( continued ) continued ( 4 ) : mrs . peacock be appal . mrs . peacock Men !! she stare at professor plum , disgust write all over she face . but mr. GREEN be think . mr . GREEN so how do you know that Colonel mustard work in Washington ? be he one of you client ? colonel mustard certainly ' not ! he stand and walk ' over to the window . mr . GREEN I be ask miss scarlet . colonel mustard turn on miss scarlet . the dialogue be go very fast . colonel mustard tell they it 's not true . miss scarlet ( obediently ) it 's not true . ' professor plum be that true ? miss scarlet no , that 's not true . mr . GREEN ( triumphantly ) aha ! so it be true . wadsworth a double negative ! colonel mustard ( horrify ) a double negative ? you mean you have -~ photograph ? miss scarlet nod . wadsworth that sound like a confession to I . in fact , the double negative have lead to proof positive . ( to colonel mustard ) I be afraid you give yourself away , sir . ( continued ) 31 . 35 32 . continued ( 5 ) ; . colonel mustard be you try to make I look stupid in front of the other guest ? wadsworth ( smoothly ) you do not need any help from I , sir . professor plum but seriously ... I do not ssee what 's so terrible about Colonel mustard visit .a house of ill - fame . most soldier do , do not they ? professor plum put he hand on she knee . she remove it . reluctantly , he move away . wadsworth refer to he note , the one which come out of the brown enve - . lope , which be still in he hand . wadsworth . but he hold a sensitive security ' post in the Pentagon . and '' Colonel , ' you drive a very -expensive car for | someone who life on a Colonel 's pay . colonel mustard ' I - do not . - I - come into.money . during the war . when I lose my parent . wadsworth you lose they ? do you report the loss to the police ? colonel mustard no , die be perfectly legal . wadsworth sometimes , yes . Mrs. White , you ‘have be pay we friend the blackmailer every since you husband die ... shall we say ... mysterious circumstance . miss scarlet laugh . mrs . white turn .to she . mrs . white what 's so funny ? miss scarlet I - see ! that 's why he 's lie on ris back ! in he coffin ! mrs . white I do not kill he . ( continued ) 32a . cy 35 continued : ~ colonel mustard then why be you pay the blackmailer ? _ mrs . white I do not want a scandal . we would have a fight . he be crazy . he hate I . he have threaten to kill I in public . miss scarlet : why would he want to kill you in public ? wadsworth I think she mean that he have threaten , in public , to kill she . miss scarlet | and be that he final word on the matter ? : mrs . white S be kill be pretty final , co would not you say ? wadsworth and yet he be the one who die . not you , Mrs. White , not you . mrs . white remain silent . and impassive . miss scarlet be curious . miss scarlet what do he do for a live ? ( continued ) c3 : : | CO 35 revised 4/10/85 continued : mrs . white he be a-scientist . nuclear physics . miss scarlet what be he like ? mrs . white he be always a stupidly optimistic man . I be afraid it - come as a great shock ' to he when he die . ' he be find dead at ‘home . ' his ‘head have be cut off . ' so have he ... you know . she can not say it , but she gesture vaguely in the direction of she groin . the men look at she in | horror , and they hand go instinctively to cover they ball . mrs . white ( continue ) I would be out all evening , at the movie . miss ' scarlet ( irreverently ) what be show ? mrs . white " from here to eternity " mr . boddy ( with approval ) how very appropriate . miss scarlet do you miss he ? | mrs . white it 's a matter of life after death . he 's dead -- now I - have . a life . wadsworth but he be you second husband . you first also disappear . ( continued ) 33 . ( fas wy ' revised 4/10/85 33a . continued : mrs . white that be he job - he be - a illusionist . wadsworth but he never reappear . mrs . white he be not a very good illusionist . mrs . GREEN cough : discreetly . everyone look at he he stand up , lick he lip nervously . he be try to find the courage to speak openly . mr . GREEN um ... I have something to say . I be not go to wait for wadsworth here to unmask I . I work for the State Department , and I be a homosexual . ' mrs . peacock tut-tut . mr . GREEN ( continue ) I feel no personal shame or guilt about ' this , ' but I have ‘to ' keep it quiet or I would lose my job - on ~security grounds . there be silence for a moment . professor plum well -- that just leave Mr. boddy . all eye turn to mr . boddy . he say nothing . - ( continued ) 35 oe 34 . continued . ( 7 ) : miss scarlet what 's you little secret ? wadsworth his secret ? oh , I think you would all realize . he 's the one who 's blackmail you all . there be a flash of lightning and a clap of thunder . this information come as a bombshell to all of they . colonel mustard stand up again . colonel mustard you ' bastard ! ' he move menacingly towards mr . boddy . mr. boddy stand up too . ' wadsworth intervene 's between they . wadsworth . Colonel -- please ! do not do - anything rough . colonel mustard put. ‘em up . he put he fist up , for a old - fashioned fight . mr , boddy respond by stamp abruptly on colonel mustard 's foot and , as colonel mustard bend forward in pain to clutch he foot , mr . boddy neatly poke he inthe eye with two finger simultaneously ( like a Three stooge routine ) . as colonel mustard yell and collapse , mr . boddy throw himself upon he and continue to beat he up . mr. GREEN and professor plum rush to colonel mustard 's rescue , haul mr . boddy up off the struggle colonel . mr. boddy be struggle and fight they off too -- he be very strong . mrs . white , miss scarlet and mrs . peacock be watch . as mr. boddy be haul to he foot mrs . white step calmly forward and knee he in the - ball . as mr. boddy collapse in a-heap the other women slap and - cheer , then run ‘to start - kick he . wadsworth shout above ' the brawl . . wadsworth wait ! wait ! the police be come ! the fight stop abruptly . all the police ? 's / you must be crazy ! how can we tell the police ? / I would be ruin ! ./ it would be the end of my career ! / let 's get out of here ! ( and so forth , all together ) ( continued ) continued ( 8 ) : they have surround wadsworth , vehemently with he . wadsworth listen ! blackmail depend on secrecy . you have all admit how he 's be able to blackmail you . all you have to do be tell the police , then he will be convict , and you trouble will be over . the guest .are all horrify . remonstrate ( continued ) 34a . o 35 36 37 35 . continued '' ( 9 . ) : mr . boddy ( gasp , on the floor ) you see , wadsworth , it 's not so easy . they will never tell the police . wadsworth then I shall . I have evidence in my possession ... and this conversation be be tape record . int . billard ' room yvette be stand beside a old - fashioned reel - to- reel tape recorder , monitoring the’ recording - of the conversation take place in the Study . the tape recorder be place in a cupboard , the door of which be open . they be all speak more or less together . mr. GREEN ( v..0 . ) Point of order , Sir . tape recording be not admissible evidence . ( colonel mustard : I will deny everything . ( mrs . white : I have admit nothing . ( mrs . peacock : nor have I . int . the study / wadsworth make himself hear above the hub=bub . wadsworth lady and gentleman -- ' the police have already be invite . they will be here in forty - five minute . tell they the truth and Mr. boddy will be behind bar . they all stare at he in panic . then mr. boddy walk to the door . wadsworth . ( continni no ) where be you go this time ? ( continued ) 37 38 39 36 . continued : . mr . - boddy I think I can help they make up they mind . May I just get my little bag from the Hall ? ' wadsworth be puzzle . and worried . int . the hall mr . boddy emerge from the Study and cross the Hall . he pick he case up and return to the Study . high shot . int . the study ' mr . boddy re-enter , leave the door open . he place ‘his attache case - on the desk , turn to face he victim . mr . boddy : can anybody guess what 's in here ? they look at each other , nonpluss . mrs . white the evidence against - we , no - doubt . mr . boddy smile , ' shake he head and open the case . in the case be six giftwrap parcel . he hand one to each of he six guest . miss scarlet we do not know we be meeting you tonight . do you know you be meeting we ? mr . boddy oh , yes . mrs . white what be you tell precisely ? mr . boddy merely that you be all meeting to . discuss we little ... financial arrangement . and that if I do not appear , wadsworth would be inform the police about it all . naturally I could hardly resist put in a appearance . . they be all stare at the smug , complacent , loathsome figure of mr. boddy . ( continued ) a a ) 's 37 . 39 continued : '' mr. boddy ( continue ) open they . they ' look at the present in they hand . '' mr. boddy pour himself a brandy from the decanter , sniff the bouquet , and sip it . miss scarlet shrug . miss scarlet why not ? i-enjoy get present from strange man . she carefully remove the ribbon , the wrapping paper '' and come to -- a - cardboard : box . ' slowly ' she lift the lid . puzzle , ' she lift out a heavy brass candlestick . she look at mr. boddy . miss scarlet . ( continue ) : a candlestick ? what 's this for ? mr . boddy look .around the - group . . mr. boddy & nobody else go to open up ? cs . go on , pretend it 's Christmas . mrs . white open she present , and find a rope . ' then colonel mustard , who get awrench . mr. GREEN get .a lead pipe . mrs. peacock get a dagger , and professor plum open he present . it contain a revolver . they look at they gift at first in confusion and , as the revolver appear , in horror . mr . - boddy | ( continue ) : in you hand you each have a | lethal weapon . if you denounce . I to the police , you will also be expose and humiliate ... I will see to that in court . ( continued ) 39 o ee '' continued ° ( 2 ) : ' he be walk around the room , come face to face with each of they in turn as he speak . mr . boddy ( continue ) but , if one of you kill wadsworth now , no one but the seven of we will ever know . wadsworth react , appal , as the other eye ‘him speculatively , weapon at the ready . mr . - boddy ( continue ) he have the key to the front door , which he tell I would only be open over he dead body . mr . boddy be now face to face with wadsviorth . mr . boddy ( continue ) I suggest we take he up on that offer . - he cross to the - door .of the Study , and turn ' to face they all . : mr. boddy & ( continue ) the only way to avoid find . yourselves on the front page be for one of you to kill wadsworth . now ! : ' and , stand right beside the door to the Study , he switch off the light . the room , and the screen , be plunge into blackness . thuds . gasp . scream . a gun -shot . a sound of shatter glass or china . scuffles . groan . the light be switch on - and mr . boddy lie on the floor . prone . face down . everyone else be stand where ' they be stand when the light go out . camera have high Pov , directly above the centre of the room , look down . they all stare at mr . boddy , then rush towards he . mrs . white be he alive ? . ( continued ) '' 39 . 39 ' continued ( 3 ) : . professor ' plum stand back -- give he air -- let I see ! . they move back . - professor plum give he a hasty - examination . then he look up . professor plum . ( continue ) he 's dead . ' there be stunne silence . mrs . white ' who ‘had the - gun ? professor plum ' stand up , surprised . professor plum . I dia . : the gun be now.on the floor , nearby . mrs . . peacock ( hysterically ) so you shot he ! cm ) professor plum . I do n'tt mrs . peacock well , you have ' the gun . - if you do not , who do ? professor plum nobody ! look , there 's no gunshot wound . | | professor plum turn mr. boddy over . ' they all look at this front . he 's right -- there 's no bullet wound . | professor plum i ( continue ) somebody ' try to grab the gun in the dark . and the gun go off . : : ( he ' look around ) : ; look , the bullet break that vase on the mantel . colonel mustard cross over ' to have a look . ( ) , ( continued ) 39 40 . continued '' ( 4 ) + : colonel ' mustard he 's right . and there 's a bullet lodge in the panell . here ! see ? they all cross to have a look at it . mr . GREEN so how do he die ? they all stare accusingly at professor plum . professor plum ( angrily ) I - do not know . I be - not a forensic expert . mrs . white comment in she soft -spoken way : mrs . white but one of we must have kill he . this quiet observation produce a fearful silence . they all look at each other nervously , aware that .a murderer be present amongst - they . mr . GREEN iodid not do it !!! mrs . peacock I need a drink . she put down the dagger and pick up the brandy goblet that mr . boddy place on the table near the door just before the light go out . she raise it to she lip , and sip a little . professor plum maybe he be poison ! mrs . peacock scream , and drop the glass . she continue scream , hysterically . after some moment of continue scream , mr . GREEN slap she ' face . this stop she , abruptly . they all look at he . more violence ! be he the murderer ? mr . GREEN ( defensively ) I have to stop she scream . ( continued ) 39 41 .* continued ( 5 ) : colonel mustard be the brandy poison ? they all - except for mrs . peacock who be half -sitting half - lie on the sofa - hurry over to look at the brandy goblet . but it lie break on the floor . ' miss scarlet look like we will never know . mr . GREEN unless ' she die too . - they all hurry over to the sofa and stare at mrs . peacock . she seem all right . from another room come a terrible scream scound . * they all freeze , and stare at each other in terror . then , at once , mr. GREEN start scream too . mr . GREEN ' aaaaaaaagh ! colonel mustard stop scream , sir ! the nscream from the other room be still continue too . ' colonel mustard grab mr . GREEN by he lapel , then slap he face . colonel mustard ( continue ) why be you scream ? mr . GREEN because i'm frightened ! colonel mustard what of ? mr . GREEN scream . there's somebody scream next door : and indeed somebody be still scream next door . they all rush out together and into the Hall . ( continued ) 40 41 int . hall the group rush into the - Hall . the scream seem to be come from the billiard room . it be still ' continue . colonel mustard try the handle . the door be lock . he knock on the door . he rattles the handle , then pound on the door again . colonel mustard open the door ! professor plum it must be the murderer . mr . . GREEN why would he scream ? mrs . white he must have a victim in there . oh my God , yvette ?! mr . GREEN . oh my God !! . ' they bang on the door again . the. scream ' stop . miss scarlet hello -oh ! yoo-hoo ! open ' the door . at this moment yvette open the door . they rush in . int . billiard room there be - silence , apart froma faint rhythmic clicking SOUND . . wadsworth you be alive ! yvette no thanks to you . she be furious . wadsworth what do you mean ? you lock I up with a murderer . ( conpinued ) 42 . - : 43. 41 continued : mrs . white so the murderer be in this room . yvette yest : mr. GREEN where ? he look desperately at professor plum who be stand next to he . yvette we be all look - at - he . they all look around desperately . yvette ( continue ) or she . it 's what Mrs. White say in the Study : ofie.of you be the killer . professor plum es how do you know she say that ? she indicate the tape recorder , the reel still ' turn , a small piece of tape catch on a reel make the clicking SOUND . . yvette I be listen . | mrs . white but why be you scream in here , | all by yourself ? . , I - 1 yvette because I be frighten ! I too . I also drank the cognac . mon dieu. ( she start to weep ) I can not stay in here ‘by myself . miss scarlet . then come back to the Study with we . ( continued ) cf 43a . 41 continued : yvette with a murderer : : colonel mustard there 's safety in number , my dear . . she nod . wadsworth switch off the tape recorder . 44 , 42 int . ' study and they return to the Study . mr. boddy be still lie there on the. floor . mrs. peacock sit on the sofa again . they stare at the scene . mr . GREEN be there no indication of how he die ? professor plum no . angle on wadsworth wadsworth this be terrible . this be absolutely terrible . this be ' not what I would intend . oh my GOD ! he cross to a chair and sit . mrs . white realize the full impact of he remark . mrs . white not what you intend ? then they all stare at he . wadsworth mop he brow . miss scarlet so you be not the butler ? wadsworth I be not the butler . but I be a butler . '' in fact , . I be he butler . and wadsworth point to the body of mr. boddy . professor plum so if he tell you to invite we all to he house , why do he arrive late ? wadsworth confess : wadsworth I invite you . in fact , I write the letter . it be all my idea . ( more ) ( continued ) 45 . * 42 continued : ' now wadsworth be building himself up into a emotional state , a panic attack . mrs . white cross to wadsworth . mrs . white wait a minute : . I do not understand . why do you invite we all here to meet you late employer ? be you assist he to blackmail we ? wadsworth certainly not ! mrs . white ( firmly ) i- think you would better explain . wadsworth ; please sit down . everyone . they all take a seat . unfortunately there be only seven possible place to sit . mr. GREEN get to two or three of they . a moment too late . finally , as there be nowhere for he to -sit , he perches on the edge of a table . he settles himself comfortably to listen . I wadsworth ( continue ) right . when I ... mr . GREEN be table collapse . and - with it go the lamp , bottle of liquor and glass that be on it . mr. GREEN , very embarrassed , pick himself up . 1 mr. GREEN : I be sorry , I 'ma little accident prone . colonel mustard ( not hearing ) he 's a little what ? miss scarlet he 's a little jerk ! miss scarlet light up another of she ever- present cigarettes . ( continued ) nuc < 42 46 . continued : wadsworth when I say that I be Mr. boddy 's butler , this be both true and misleading . I be once he butler , but it be not he untimely death this evening which bring my employment with he to a end . oh , no ! colonel mustard when do it come to a end ? wadsworth when my wife decide ' to ... end she life . she too be be blackmail by this odious man who now lie dead before we . he hate my wife for the same reason that he hate all of you . he believe that you be all thoroughly un - american , for some reason he feel it be inappropriate for a Senator to have a corrupt wife , - for .a doctor to screw he patient , for a wife to emasculate she husband , and so forth . he be speak wihtout irony . wadsworth be a very sincere fellow who always try to understand . mr . GREEN but this be ridiculous . if he be such a patriotic american , why do not he report we to the relevant authority ? wadsworth he decide to turn he ' information to good use and make a little money out of it . what could be more american than that ? hr. boddy be truly a apostle of free enterprise . he become -a rich man ... ( darkly ) . but money be the fruit of all evil . . professor plum and what be you role in all this ? wadsworth I be a victim , too . at least my wife be . ( continued ) 42 cd continued '' ( 3 ) .: ' wadsworth , now tearful , wipe he eye with the back of mrs . white offer he she handkerchief . he hand . professor plum stand , and look at the other , relieved wadsworth ( continue ) 's well , we all make mistake . but Mr. boddy threaten to give my wife 's name to the House un-american activity Committee unless she name they . she refuse -- and so he blackmail she . we have no money -- and the price of he silence be that we work ' for - he for nothing . ' we be slave . well , to -make - a long story short ... colonel mustard ( to mrs . peacock ) too late . wadsworth the suicide of my wife prey on my mind and create a sense of ' injustice in I , and I resolve to put Mr. boddy béhind bar . it seem to I that - the best way to do it -- and to free . all of you from the same burden - of blackmail -- be ‘to get - we all ' face to face , confront Mr. boddy with he crime , extract a confession and then turn he over to the police . that he understand what have be go on . mrs . peacock nod vigorously . head . professor plum so ! ' everything be explain . miss scarlet nothing 's explain . we do not know who do it . wadsworth the point be , we must find out within the next forty minute -- before the police arrive . miss scarlet shake she ( continued ) at , | 42 43 48 . '' continued '' ( 4 ) : : mrs . peacock leap to she foot . mrs . peacock the police ? come here ? oh my God ! the scandal . I 'ma Senator 's wife . I will be ruin . mr . GREEN but ... how can we possibly find out which of you do it ? they all stare at he . professor plum what do you mean -- which of you do it ? mr . GREEN well , I do not do it !. - wadsworth one of we do . we all have the opportunity . we - all have a motive . miss scarlet we will all go to the chair . they all gaze at each other in further horror . then professor plum get .an idea . professor plum maybe it be not one of we ! colonel ' mustard who else could it have be ? professor plum who else be in the house ? wadsworth / yvette ( together ) only the cook . all guest the coor ! and as a group , en masse , they rush out of the Study . int . the hall everybody rush across the Hall to . the Kitchen . ! | | 44 int . the kitchen it be a large old - fashioned Kitchen , with a range , a oven , a old porcelain-sink . flagstone . '' cook . the room be empty . ' the guest , rush in . they stop . they look around . mr . GREEN she 's not here . and yvette , and no and beside he , a cupboard door groan and open . the cook fall face first out - of the cupboard . Dead . have a knife in she back . ' the dagger . miss scarlet scream . miss scarlet aaaaaaaaargh !! the cook be in mr . GREEN 's arm . he just stand aghast , near to tear , hold she up . mr . GREEN I do not ' do iti ! they all stare at he . mr . - GREEN ( continue ) well , help I , somebody . mrs . white , colonel mustard and miss scarlet hurry forward , and help mr . GREEN lower the body of the cook to the floor . mrs . white reach for the knife . colonel mustard do not touch it ! mrs . white stop just in time . colonel mustard ( continue ) it 's evidence . wadsworth not for we . we have to find out who do this -- and we can not take fingerprint . ( continued ) she 49 .. 44 ' revised -4/10/85 continued ( 2 ) : colonel mustard stand up and stare grimly at wadsworth . colonel mustard I think you would better explain yourself , wadsworth . wadsworth I ? why I ? mr . GREEN who would want to kill the cook ? - miss scarlet the -dinner be not that bad . colonel mustard eye she menacingly . he be not amused . wadsworth ( gravely ) I be afraid she have reap the fruit of she evil and receive she just dessert . miss scarlet if this be dessert , I be glad ' I say no . colonel mustard can contain himself no longer . he turn on miss , scarlet . . colonel mustard how can you make joke at a time like this ? miss scarlet ( tough ) it 's my defense mechanism . colonel .mustard some defense ! if I be the killer I would kill you next . mrs . white and mrs . GREEN both stare at he and : then sitowly back away , terrify . colonel mustard ( continue ) isaid " if . " '' if . " that 's all . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 . 44 continued : revised 4/10/85 colonel :mustard ( cont would ) after all , there 's only one admit killer here , and that 's not I . it 's she . mrs . white I admit nothing . colonel mustard you pay the blackmail . how . many ' husband have you -had ? mrs . white mine or other - women' ? colonel mustard your . mrs . white five . '' colonel mustard five ? mrs . white yes , just the five . ' husband should be like kleenex - strong , soft , and disposable . colonel mustard so you do not believe in marriage ? mrs . white I certainly do . perhaps it 's because I be educate in a convent , but I be in the habit . colonel ' mustard you lure man to they death like a spider with fly . mrs . white you be right . fly be where man be most vulnerable . 50a4 .. '' revised °4/10/785 51 . continued ( 3 ) colonel mustard ( cont would ) ( very uncomfortable ) well , if it be not you , who be * it ? who have the dagger ? it be you , be not it , Mrs. peacock ? they all turn to look at she , stand in the doorway , next . to professor plum , she eye avert from the dead body . she be suddenly frighten . she lick she lip anxiously . mrs . peacock yes . but I put it - down . professor plum where ? mrs . peacock ' in the Study . professor plum when ? mrs .. peacock I do not know . before I faint , after I faint , who know ? but any of you could have pick it up . a pause . wadsworth : look -- I suggest that we move the cook 's body into ' the Study . colonel mustard why ? : wadsworth ( irritate ) : I like to keep the Kitchen tidy ! colonel mustard get it ! wadsworth step forward to the body . professor plum , colonel mustard and mr. GREEN help . the cook be a big hefty lady , but somehow they lift she up and cart she out cf the Kitchen , professor plum and wadsworth take a arm each , colonel mustard and mr . GREEN '' take a leg each . 45 ° ' int . ' the study professor plum , colonel mustard , mr. GREEN and wadsworth stagger into the Study . we see a wide or high view of the room . it be empty . ' the same high Pov . where mr . boddy 's corpse be , there be nothing . professor plum realize it first . professor plum look ! colonel mustard , mr. GREEN and wadsworth react in fear . -all - three what ??? professor plum the body 's go . - professor plum have already let go of the cook 's right arm . : now , aghast , wadsworth let go of the cook 's leave arm . the cook 's top - end immediately drop .and ‘her head hit the floor with . a terrible thud . none of ' the lifter notice this . they be stare , frighten , at the place where mr . boddy previously lay . mrs . peacock try to enter , but she can not get into the room because the four men .and the cook 's corpse be more or less block the ' doorway . mrs. peacock what be you all stare at ? mr. GREEN nothing . mrs .. peacock well - who 's there ? colonel mustard nobody . . mrs . peacock what do you mean ? wadsworth ( panic-stricken ) nobody . no body . that 's what we mean . Mr. boddy 's ' body . it 's go . ( continued ) s2. wt 45 continued :: revised 4/10/85 $ 3. meanwhile miss scarlet , mrs . white and yvette be crowd into the doorway . mrs . white mrs . white maybe he be not dead . professor plum he be ! mrs . white we should have make sure . mrs . peacock how ? by : cut he - head I ' suppose ? turn on mrs . peacock . mrs. white ( angrily ) that be not call for . miss scarlet well , where be ‘he ? . wadsworth we would better look for he . off , mr . GREEN and colonel mustard let go :of she leg , .and both foot thud to the floor . ' tentatively , perhaps with eerie music , ' they all search the Study -- open cupboard , under sofa , under the desk . but there 's no sign of the body . - finally , they all each other , completely bemuse . mr . GREEN stop and stare at he could not have be dead . professor plum be utterly mystify . professor plum he be ! at least , I think - he be . but ... what difference do it make now ? miss scarlet ( dryly ) | it make quite a difference to ( to mrs . white ) maybe there be life after death . * mrs . white life after death be as unlikely * as sex after marriage . wadsworth _ . well , we have get to find out . the police will be here in ... ( more ) ( continued ) 45 154 . continued ( 2 ) : wadsworth ( cont 'd ) ( look at he watch ) ++. thirty - five minute , and we have another corpse on we hand . mr. GREEN have a inspiration . . mr. GREEN maybe he kill the cook . mrs . peacock / miss scarlet yes . wadsworth how ? . a silence . they can not work it out . mrs. peacock ( leg slightly * cross ) * well , if you will - excuse I , I have to ... cf ... to ... ex ... be there * a lady 's room in the hall ? * yvette * oui oui , madame . * mrs . - peacock * no , I just want to powder my nose . * mrs . peacock hurry out . meanwhile miss scarlet have pick up the envelope that wadsworth ‘had open earlier , and produce some photographic negative . she 's intrigue . miss scarlet what 's this , wadsworth ? wadsworth step forward to reclaim they . wadsworth I be afraid that be the negative to which Colonel mustard earlier refer . colonel mustard my God ! . he also step in . ( continued ) 55 . 45 '' continued .( 3 ) :: miss scarlet be you plan to blackmail he , wadsworth ? | wadsworth be appal at the idea . wadsworth certainly not . I have obtain they for the Colonel and I be go ‘to give they back when Mr. boddy be unmask . miss scarlet look at the negative . miss scarlet hmm . very pretty ... ( she scrutinize they ) would you like to see this , yvette , they might shock you . - yvette ( primly ) no , thank you . I amsa lady . miss scarlet and how do you know what sort of picture they be , if you be such a lady ? | professor plum what sort of picture be they ? colonel mustard step in to miss scarlet . colonel mustard how dare you , madam . give they to I at once !! miss scarlet no -- I think there 's something in they that concern I too . they struggle over the negative . professor plum | let I -see . he grab they . mrs . white , miss scarlet and mr . GREEN look over he shoulder . mrs . white of nobody can get into that position . ( continued ) — ~ — — _ — 45 on ( 8 46 47 | 48 56 . continued ( 4 ) : professor plum sure they can , I will show you . he swing she around and . down onto the sofa and be about to climb on top of she . mrs . white get off I !! professor plum '' just demonstrate . int . the hall meanwhile , mrs . peacock have find the door of the bathroom under the stair . she tug at it . it will not open . she tug again , the door open -- and the body of mr. boddy fall out . she scream . blood be drip from he head . he fall against she . she scream and scream . | int . the ' study all the other hear the scream . " wadsworth it 's Mrs. peacock ! he rush out into ' the Hall . the other follow , wadsworth grab the negative from miss scarlet as he go , and dump they on the table . int . the hall , mrs . peacock be . fight off mr. boddy , who be . fall , all over she . the other run towards she . there be blood all over she face . professor plum it 's Mr. boddy . mr . GREEN he 's attack she . wadsworth and mr . GREEN pull he off she . and they realize that he now have visible injury . his head have be bashed . blood be everywhere . mrs . white no , he 's not . he 's dead . ‘( continued ) 48 continued : they lay he down . wadsworth Mr. boddy ? Dead ? again ? mrs . peacock ( faintly ) oh my God ! wadsworth and professor plum see she . wadsworth she 's go to faint ! professor plum catch she . wadsworth I will catch you . fall into my arm . stand behind she , wadsworth hold out he arm to catch she . she faint straight through they and - end up on the floor in a ' heap . = . wadsworth q 3 ( continue ) sorry . mr . GREEN look at he bleady hand . ' so do all the other . . angle on mrs . white mrs . white you have get blood on you hand . mr . GREEN i_did not do it ::! wadsworth ' he 's get new injury . he 's certainly dead now . why would anyone want to kill he twice ? he go into the toilet , to look for clue . miss scarlet it seem so ... unnecessary . colonel mustard ( wi . ( reasonably ) nae it 's what we call overkill . professor plum it 's what we call psychotic . ( continued ) on 48 49 continued ( 2 ) : mr . GREEN ( insist ) unless he be not dead before . professor plum what 's the difference ? wadsworth that 's what we be try to ind out . we be try to find out who kill he , and where , and with what !!! ' professor plum there 's no need to shout ! wadsworth ( continue ) all right . I be !. I be shouting : I be shouting : I be shouting : - he ' stop shouting and , purple in the face , glare at they defiantly . and the heavy brass candlestick wobble and topple off the top of the door frame of the loo and hit he on the head . it be bloodstain . he reel . he jolt to the floor . ext . the road the rain be still pelting down . rumbling thunder . Racing -cloud . a car be drive down the twist road near the gate . it be go fast . close - up - the motorist at the wheel , tense , worried . ' ext . road - angle - car go too fast ! it race round a bend , and a cat leap out into the beam of the headlight . ' the motorist swerve to avoid it . the car skid . | | 50 s8a . int . ' the .study professor plum , colonel mustard , and mr . GREEN be lug mr. boddy into the Study . they put he down in the doorway , because they path be block by the cook 's body . colonel mustard take command . colonel mustard all right , I be in command now . move the cook . mrs . white , miss scarlet and yvette clamber over the body and start to drag the cook along the floor on she back . the dagger be still ' stick out of - she back . colonel '' mustard ( continue ) put the corpse on the sofa . the men hesitate , too daze to do anything . mustard prompt they , indicate the cook . . colonel colonel mustard ( continue ) lady first . the men put down mr ; boddy 's body , and help the lady lift the cook up onto the sofa . professor plum be mesmerize by yvette 's breast as she bend forward . ' wadsworth careful . do not get blood - : on . : the sofa . look , Professor ! professor plum I be look , I be look ! yvette , how do we do this ? the dagger will go further into ‘her back . colonel ' mustard | tip she forward , over the arm . they do so . ( continued ) 50 continued : colonel ' mustard ( continue ) now Mr. boddy . they haul he up onto the sofa , next to the cook . pant , they stand back . colonel mustard ( continue ) now -- who have access to the candlestick ? miss scarlet all -of - us. mrs . white you - be give it .. miss scarlet yes , but I drop it when the - light go out . anyone could have pick it up . you -- he -- wadsworth look -- - there be still - all this weapon -- the rope , the wrench , the lead pipe , the gun -- let 's put they in this cupboard and lock it . there 's a homicidal maniac about . all yes. / good idea . / great . / lock ‘em up . . wadsworth , help by the other , put the remain weapon into the cupboard , and lock the door . he put the key in he pocket . mr . GREEN what be you do with the key ? wadsworth put it in my pocket . mr . GREEN why ? wadsworth to keep it safe , obviously . ( continued ) 59 . / of 50 51 60 . continued ( 2 ) : mrs . peacock but that mean you can open it whenever you want . -wadsworth it also mean that you can not . mrs . peacock but what if you be the murderer ? wadsworth ( simply ) I be not . ' colonel ' mustard ( persist ) but what if you iare ? wadsworth it have to be put somewhere ! and if I have get it , I know I be safe . mrs . peacock x ( emphatically ) but we do not know we be . mr . GREEN so where do we leave it ? yvette in the lock ? wadsworth ( scathing ) brilliant ! ( he think ) I have a idea -~ we will throw it away . : he rush out of the Study . the other follow . int . the hall led by wadsworth , they all rush to the front - doer . wadsworth throw open - the door , pull : back he arm rapidly -- preparatory to throw the key into the night -- and realize that he be stand face ' to face with the motorist . ( continued ) 51 61 . continued : the motorist think that wadsworth be about to punch he , and he ‘half duck and put up he hand to defend himself and to stave off the attack . wadsworth 's throw arm ' freeze . wadsworth oh. sorry . sorry . ' um ... can we help ? motorist's. Pov he ' see that eight people be pack into the front door , ' stare at - he - with - varicus expression of fear , suspicion , and ' hysteria . back to scene motorist I be sorry ... I do not . mean to disturb the whole household ... but my car break down out here and I be wonder if I could use you - phone ? . wadsworth just a moment , please . motorist's Pov - all EIGHT people turn in amongst themselves for a hasty whisper - conference . -- occasional word float out of the huddle : " he want to use the phone " ... " I say not no ' " ... " what 's he do round here ? " ... " how can we say no ? " ... '' all right ? yes. yes. agree . " wadsworth turn , and try to look as dignify and normal as possible . wadsworth very well , sir . would you like to come in ? the motorist step in . all EIGHT people just stare at he . motorist well ... where be it ? wadsworth what ? the body ? ~ ( continued ) v7 51 52 62 . continued ( 2 ) : he. inadvertently let the question slip out . the other :react . motorist the phone . what body ? ; ' '' wadsworth . there 's no body . nobody . there 's * nobody in the Study . he point to the Study door . ' the motorist start walk towards it . ' simultaneously . everyone realize that ' that be where the body be . nooococn ! ! wadsworth no , no , that 's be disconnect , but I think there 's one in the . Lounge . motorist thank you . wadsworth walk this way . he set off , do he usual dignify butler walk . the motorist , realize that all eye be on he , follow wadsworth in a exact imiation of wadsworth 's idiosyncratic walk . int . the lounge ' wadsworth indicate the phone to the motorist . wadsworth when ' you have make you call , perhaps you would be good enough to wait here ? motorist certainly . wadsworth retreat to the door , open it , go out , and shut the door . the motorist be now alone in the Lounge . : 63 ... 53 int . '' the hall -- closeup - wadsworth as he shut ' the door . he jump . . colonel '' mustard '' be | right behind he . wadsworth's Pov - colonel mustard miming lock the Lounge : door . back to scene _ | wadsworth nod , and turn the key . | 54 int . the lounge the motokist be about to -dial . when he see and . hear a key be turned in the mortice lock . he realize that he be lock in . he be very anxious . 55 int . the hall wadsworth leave the key in the lock . he turn to face the six guest and yvette , who be all stare at he . — colonel mustard now -- where 's that key ? poy wadsworth nod towards the door . 7 , wadsworth . still in the lock . | professor plum not that key . the key to the cupboard . with the weapon . | wadsworth / you still wish I to throw it away ? all yes. | ' wadsworth very well . he walk to the front door . . one of the guest open it for he . he take the key from he pocket . 56 ext . . front ' door this time there be no one wait outside . he hurl the key far up . and away , and it land in a distant shrubbery , never to be see again . the front door shut . 57 58 int . the hall wadsworth what now ? we have get ... ( he look at he watch ) «+. twenty - five minute leave till the police get here . : colonel mustard I need a drink . there be a general chorus of " I , too " from the guest . colonel mustard lead off to the Library . all follow . as they pass the Study door , the colonel stop and look in . mr. boddy and the cook be still lie dead on the ' sofa . colonel mustard ( continue ) just check . mrs . peacock everything all right ? colonel : mustard yes . two corpse . everything 's fine . wadsworth , bring up the rear , speak to himself incredulously . . wadsworth two corpse . everything 's fine ? but colonel mustard be lead they all into the Library . int . the library everyone stand around nervously . colonel mustard pour himself a stiff drink , and try to take charge . colonel mustard anyone - else want a whiskey ? miss scarlet , mr. GREEN , and professor plum all step forward to help themselves . colonel mustard ( continue ) right . pay attention everyone . wadsworth , be I right in think that - there be nobody else in this house . ( continued ) 4 58 continued '' ( 2 ) : professor :plum if we throw he out he may get even more suspicious , colonel mustard if I be he I would be suspicious already . mrs . peacock look , that guy do not matter ! let he stay lock up for another half a hour . who care ? the police will be here by then , and there be two .. dead body in ' the study . all sshhi !! . mr. GREEN ( intense whisper ) well , what do you suggest ?? the colonel pull himself together and take a swig of he drink . either the alcohol or the panic seem to have cause he brain to seize up . colonel mustard there seem to be confusion about whether or not we be the - .only people in this ' house . wadsworth be get angry now . wadsworth I tell you there be not . colonel mustard ( irritate - again ) you mean there be not any confusion or there be not anybody else ? wadsworth ( confuse ) either . or both . colonel mustard then give I a clear answer . wadsworth certainly ! ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . ao nv 67 . 58 continued °( 3 ) : ' wadsworth ( cont would ) ( a beat ) : what be the question ? colonel :-mustard be there anyone ' else in the jouse ? all no ! colonel mustard be still unsure , and he eye wadsworth with a steely eye . colonel mustard ( darkly ) that 's what hé say ! ' but do he know ? I suggest we ' handle this in .a proper military fashion . Split up and search the house . - this suggestion cause a feel of mild panic in the group . mrs . - peacock ' Split up ? colonel mustard yes . ( he look at he watch ) «+. we have not much time , so let 's - split up into pair . professor plum pair ? colonel mustard yes . professor plum look around at the other . clearly he have deep misgiving . professor plum wait a minute ! suppose that one of we be the murderer . if we split up into pair , whichever one of we be leave alone with the killer might ' be kill ! ( continued ) | 68 . continued ( 4 ) : colonel mustard ( triumphantly ) then we would have discover who the murderer be . : mrs . peacock yes , but the other half of the pair would be dead ! . colonel mustard be quite ' philosophical .about - this . he shrug . colonel mustard ' this be war . ' casualty be inevitable . you can not make a omelette without break egg . every cook will tell you that . mrs . peacock yes , but look what happen to the cook ! there be a pause , while they all consider what happen to the cook . mr . GREEN be you willing to take that chanee ? colonel mustard what choice have we ? : * he wait , expect a chorus of agreement . after several moment , they all mutter -- " none ; ' ' course * not , ' not awfully convincing . yvette ' bon d'accord . but it 's dark upstairs and I be frighten of the dark -- will anyone ' go with I ? professor plum / colonel mustard / mr. GREEN / wadsworth I will . y they all look at each other sheepishly . wadsworth I suggest we draw lot for partner . : ( continued ) os 58 59 60 69 . continued ( 5 ) : he go over to the fireplace and from the mantlepiece he take a box of match ( or some long taper ) . he leave the Library , gesture to the other to follow - hin . int . hall wadsworth , follow by all the other , cross the Hall to the Kitchen . int . the kitchen wadsworth come into the Kitchen , cross to a drawer , and produce a sharp carve knife . he turn abruptly , knife in hand . the other gasp , ' step back , wadsworth be unaware of this . he set about cut the match into eight different length . then , carefully , he back the the other , he place the match in - he hand so that no one can tell they length . he turn to face they . wadsworth ready ? the shortest with the ' second shortest . agreed ? and let 's say the two shortest search the cellar , and - so on up . they nod and , - one by one , .accompany by tense music , they pick out the matchstick . then ' they compare length . and the result ? wadsworth be pair with mrs . white , yvette with mr . GREEN , colonel mustard with miss scarlet , and professor plum with mrs . peacock . professor plum its you and I , honey . mrs . peacock ( appal ) yuek ? ( then ) why do not we all search the house together ? ( continued ) 70 . 60 continued : wadsworth glance at he watch . wadsworth we have not the time . let 's go . | 61 int . the hall all right guest come out of the Kitchen and into the Hall . we see they divide up into they pair . professor plum and mrs . peacock separate from the other six and head ' towards a doorway that open up cellar stair . wadsworth , mrs . white , yvette and mr . GREEN all go up the main stair . colonel mustard and miss scarlet remain in the Hall . colonel mustard well ... we know what 's in the '' Study . we have just come from the Library . and the Stranger be lock in the Lounge . so ... ? | miss scarlet let 's look at the billiard room again . they cross the Hall , and carefully open the door to the billiard room . 62 int . billiard room colonel mustard and miss scarlet come in and nervously search it -= - under the table , in the cupboard , behind the full - length drape at the window ... nobody else be there . 63 int . the ' second floor landing wadsworth and mrs . white be peer anxiously into a couple of dark bedroom , slightly unwilling to go in . wadsworth be you go in there ? mrs . white yes . be you ? '' wadsworth yes . ll ; - ( continued ) na 63 64 71 . continued : they do not move . they stare at each other suspiciously . wadsworth ( continue ; decisively ) right ! mrs . white ( equally decisively ) right ! they do not move . wadsworth feel he should explain himself . wadsworth I ... er ... ioca not see - a light switch . mrs . white neither can I . but there must be switch by the bed . wadsworth shall I come in with you ? mrs . white ( emphatically ) no ! I mean ... no , thank you . he go into the first bedroom . she go into the second . the landing be empty for . a moment . . camera stays there . then both they head reappear around the udoorway , check on - each-other . int . attic staircase the rain be still pour . . the wind be howling . mr. GREEN and yvette pause at the foot of the staircase . mr . GREEN do you want to go in front of I ? : yvette no. mr. GREEN ( reassuringly ) I be sure there 's no one up there . yvette then you : go in front . ( continued ) 64 65 66 72 . continued : ' mr . GREEN hesitates . mr . GREEN okay . but mr . GREEN do not move . int . the cellar stair professor plum and mrs . peacock be stand at the top of the cold flagstone step . cold brick wall . professor plum well ... lady first . she look .at the long steep staircase that fall away before she . . mrs . peacock er... no , you can go first . . professor plum . ( very polite ) no , no , I insist . mrs . peacock no , no , I insist . professor plum what be you frighten of , a™ fate worse than death ? : mrs . peacock no. just death . be not that enough ? int . hall colonel mustard and miss scarlet tentatively push - open two big double door at the far end of the Hall . they open into a huge dark cavernous space . ‘( it be actually the ballroom . ) colonel mustard what room 's this ? miss scarlet search I . colonel mustard ( eagerly ) okay . ( continued ) ' newces ! 66 67 68 69 70 73. continued : ' he start to run he hand over she body . miss scarlet ( scathingly ) I - do not mean that literally , get you mitt off I ! he obey hastily . int . attic staircase yvette and mr . GREEN - have ' not move . they be ' squeeze in , side by side , at the bottom of the narrow staircase . 's yvette '' go - on . ' I will be right behind you . mr. GREEN . that 's why I be nervous . yvette then let 's go together . mr . GREEN nod . side by side they walk up the narrow staircase . there be not room for they both ! they look ridiculous , squeeze together . int . ' cellar stair side by side professor plum and mrs . peacock be walk down the dark cellar stair . it 's not - easy . int . the hall side by . side , colonel mustard and miss scarlet try ' to get into the big dark room through the one open double door . it 's not possible . ' they ' bang ' into each other . they separate . they go again =- they ' bang together again ! int . first bedroom wadsworth be grop round in ' the first bedroom , try to find a lamp . wadsworth ( terrify ) if there 's anyone in here -- just look out ! 71 int . ' second bedroom mrs . white be do the same thing in she room . mrs . white be you hide ? I be come ? 71a int . first bedroom wadsworth look under the bed , fearfully , 73a . 72 73 ' 74 75 .of toy =- doll , big bear , rock horse , train , etc . she have be talk to .a‘ big doll . 74 . int . the cellar professor plum and mrs . peacock have reach the bottom of the step . various dark room open out in front of they . eyeing each other with the great suspicion , they back away and into separate room . int . first bedroom wadsworth find a bedside lamp . close up of wadsworth 's ‘hand switch it on . int . second bedroom mrs . white , in the second bedroom now - see a little because of the light spilling through a inter - connect door from the first bedroom to the second . { she see the huge shadow of a person beside she . mrs . white . who be you ? who be it ? who be you ? no reply . she see a light switch , back ' toward it , nswitch it .on . she look round . she be in a child 's nursery full int . ballroom colonel mustard or miss scarlet switch on a light . they see a huge ballroom - stretch before they , a piano at the end . ' colonel - mustard ( pleased ) nobody here . he have not even look . miss scarlet ( nervously ) unless ... in that cupboard or behind that curtain . colonel mustard 's nerve fail he . colonel mustard you look , I will search the Kitchen . ( continued ) 75 76 77 77a 78 79 -continued : he go . the long curtain move . she stare . they move again . miss scarlet go slowly .and fearfully towards the curtain . sharply she pull they back . nobody there ... just a break pane of glass . ext . the country lane the motorist 's car stand just off the side of a road . then we see that a police patrol car be drive slowly down the road towards it . int . police car there be a cop alone in the patrol car . he see the motorist 's abandon car . he eye it suspiciously . he pull up some way past the motorist 's car . int . the hall - a glove hand --- male or female , we.ca not - tell -- remove the key from the lock in the Lounge door . ant . the study we see the desk inthe Study . on it lie the envelope from which wadsworth have earlier withdraw the letter which he read to all the guest . the glove hand pull the envelope from the desk . it pull out negative and photograph , one of mr . boddy , another of the cook , another of mr. GREEN . then one of the motorist , the motorist , in Army uniform , at the wheel of a Jeep . new angle the photograph of colonel mustard and yvette which be earlier leave on the table , be be examine . we also see some letter and other papers . then they be stuff back into the envelope , which be throw on to the blaze log fire . it burn up . camera move with the glove hand , across to the cupboard . they key be insert into the lock , the door open , and the weapon be reveal . ext . road the cop walk slowly , curiously , up towards the motorist 's car , and wander around it . 75 . a 80 cf 81 | | | 82 76 . int .. the lounge the motorist - be on the telephone . motorist I '' a little nervous . I be in ' this big house , and I have be lock into the Lounge ... and the funny thing be , there 's .a whole group.of - people here have some sort of party and one of they be my old boss from ... then , hold «in «a glove - hand that could be male - or female , the wrench come into shot and hit the motorist on the head . ' he fall . the phone drop . the : - wrench be ' drop . int . the ballroom miss scarlet be leave the ballroom . she come out into the Hall . she call nervously . . miss scarlet — Colonel mustard ? Colonel mustard ? colonel mustard come out of the Kitchen , and meet - she . - colonel mustard there 's no one in the Kitchen . miss scarlet shall we try the conservatory ? he nod . they go into it . int . conservatory this be a eerie look room , in the dark . Big tree and plant make weird shape and shadow . but within a few ' moment - colonel mustard find : the light switch . and look around . colonel mustard look : he point . we see that a panel in the wall be slightly ajar . they cross to it . there be step down into - it . into pitch darkness . miss scarlet look like a secret passage . they look at each other nervously . ( continued ) 82 83 and 84 85 86 76a . continued : miss '' scarlet ( continue ) ' shall we see where it lead ? there be a flashlight on a nearby shelf or table . colonel mustard grab it . they look at each other , and then colonel mustard step in . colonel mustard what the hell ! I will go first . I have have a good life . ' she follow he in . omitted - int . the '' secret ' passage . tense music as they wind they way , , along a dark stone narrow passage . the colonel trip on something . he stumble . it make a big echoing noise . ' colonel mustard God dammit ! his voice be amplify by the echoing tunnel . int . the lounge the glove hand switch off the light . now ' there 's only a little moonlight come through a crack in the shutter . miss scarlet and colonel mustard emerge into the room . colonel mustard why be it dark in - here ? miss scarlet because there 's no light . suddenly she trip , or be push . she stumble forward . he be push . he drop the flashlight . it - go 's out . her foot catch the face of the dead motorist . she fall over he body . ‘( continued ) | 86 763 . continued : , colonel mustard what 's that ? ' what happen ? miss scarlet do you push I ? colonel mustard no . do you push I ? miss scarlet no . I fall over . colonel mustard do you hurt yourself ? miss scarlet no . I land on something soft . we can see what she 's land on . she feel around . her hand find the motorist 's head . she be shocked . miss scarlet ( continue ) it 's .a body . ( she realize ) somebody else be in here ! the flashlight be switch on . it move across the room . miss scarlet ( continue ) . who be it ? * colonel mustard swing around , swinging out he arm . his hand hit the flashlight hold by the glove hand . Impact : the flashlight fly through the air . it land on the floor . a shoe kick it . it slide across the floor . it go out . colonel mustard the murderer 's in here ! miss scarlet I be in here with a murderer ! colonel mustard crash over the body and fall on miss scarlet . she gasp . 88 int . '' the attic mr . GREEN and yvette be in the attic , pick they way among old junk , chest , grandfather clock , suit - case , trunk , old family portrait and , above all , cobweb and dust . they too have find a light switch and can now see what they be do . from below come the sudden SOUND of miss scarlet scream . cy '' 88 continued : miss scarlet ( 0.s. ) help : help ! help ! yvette and mr . GREEN run towards the stair . 'o 8a the lounge colonel mustard be still lie on miss scarlet . she 's try to get away . he 's try to calm she down . miss scarlet leave I alone ! ' colonel mustard it 's I . Colonel mustard . miss scarlet so it 's you ! colonel mustard of course it 's I ! 4 89 int . second floor landing , and hall wadsworth and mrs . white emerge from they respective bedroom , hearing the scream . ' then , as yvette .and mr. GREEN hurtle down the attic stair , they all run down the main stair into the Hall . we move with they . as they reach the main Hall , mrs . peacock and professor plum shoot out of the cellar and collide with they . crash ! meanwhile , from the Lounge we hear miss scarlet scream . the dialogue , as always , go at tremendous : speed . miss scarlet ( 0.s. ) aaaaaaaaaaaghhghghghgh !: mrs . white who be it ? mr . GREEN | where 's it come from ? wadsworth the Lounge ! i } '' they all rush to the door of the ' Lounge . mr. GREEN try to open it . ( continued ) 3 89 90 90 a 773 . continued : professor plum ' the - door 's lock ! 1 row ! mr. GREEN professor plum well , unlock it ! mr . GREEN the key' gone ! professor plum never mind about the key , unlock '' the door ! . mr . GREEN be leaping up and down with rage and frustration . mr . GREEN I can't unlock the door without the :key !! ‘( he bang - on the door ) . ' let US in ! let we in !! int . the lounge miss scarlet and colonel mustard be bang on the door . miss scarlet / colonel mustard let US out ! let US out ! int . the hall wadsworth have be unable to open the door . wadsworth ' it 's no good . ( to the door ) stand back !! he walk firmly back from ' the door . - he be at ‘his most macho . wadsworth ( continue ) there 's no alternative . i'11 have to break it down . : ( continued ) 770 . 90a continued : miss ' scarlet / colonel mustard ( 0.s. ) murder ! help ! murder ! mrs . peacock lose she temper . she shout at the door . : mrs . peacock : will you shut up ! we be do we best . yvette come run out of the Study . the revolver be in she hand . she trip over wadsworth , whom she do not see writhe .on ' the floor . the :gun - goe < off as she fall . it shoot the - gilt rope that hold up the chandelier above the Hall . the chandelier come loose , * hang on by a thread . meanwhile , when ' the gun go * off , everyone else dive for cover behind furniture , or flat on the floor . yvette pick herself up , and run to the lock Lounge door . she fire the gun at the lock . the lock be shot away . there be a pause . complete silence . then colonel '' mustard ' and miss scarlet open ' the ' door . ' they look shattered . everyone else pick themselves up . cos colonel mustard 7 _ why be you shoot that thing at we ? ! : | yvette : to get you out . : colonel mustard ( appal ) you might have kill we . I can not * take any more scare . * the chandelier come crash down behind he . the * shock frighten they all out of ' they wit . * ' miss scarlet ( quietly ) : she stand aside . they all peer in through the door and see the dead motorist . then they look at miss scarlet and colonel mustard . | * ( continued ) . 90d 90e 90 F 90g 77d . continued : colonel mustard aah ! ( clutches he arm , then realize ) I have be shot : they be shoot at we : they 're shoot at US !! int . the hall , the chandelier be hang lopsided . closer : we see it be hang by a thread which be unwind . yvette pick herself up and run to the lock Lounge door . the chandelier thread be . unwind faster . she fire the gun at the lock , once , then once again . int . the lounge colonel mustard and miss scarlet flatten themselves against the wall , and dive for cover ( respectively ) . int . the hall the lock have be shot away . pause . yvette come out . ' the door be open . complete silence . then colonel mustard and miss scarlet open the door . they look shattered . everyone else pick themselves up . the chandelier rope be unwind even faster ! . colonel mustard why be you shoot that thing at we ? yvette to get you out . the chandelier rope be unwind at even great speed . from a high Pov , beside the unwind rope , look down through the chandelier , we see that it be directly above colonel mustard . colonel mustard you might have kill we . I can not take any more scare . . ( continued ) of for newe ? 90g 90h 901 91 revised - 4/10785 t7e . continued : he ' take a-step.away , towards a-chair .or sofa . . he be face camera . ashe take that step , the chandelier come crash down behind he . the shock almost give he - and they - a heart attack ! miss scarlet ( quickly ) look . - she stand aside , and -switch .on the light in the - lounge .. int . the lounge they all peer in through the door and see the dead motorist , who lie in the foreground . int . the hall : mrs . white he need that hole in the head like .a ' hole in the head . mrs . peacock which of you do .it2 . '' . colonel '' mustard ( outrage ) we find he , together . miss scarlet there 's a secret passage from the conservatory . see ? int . the lounge they all crowd into the Lounge and gape at the secret passage . miss scarlet * it come from the conservatory . miss scarlet , overwhelm by she ordeal , sink exhaust on to a sofa . colonel mustard : * thank God you be able to - get we out , yvette . they all look . at yvette . she still have the gun in she hand . they all suddenly stare at the ' gun . ( continued ) | tif . 91 continued : - professor plum be that the same gun ? mrs . peacock from the cupboard ? professor plum but it be lock . they all look at she ! yvette no . it be unlock . they be all -amaze . ( continued ) 91 92 continued : all unlocked ? yvette but yes , see for yourself . int . the study sure-enough , the cupboard door be open . and the key be in the lock . ' they all rush in -- and , stop abruptly , stare at it . then mrs . peacock turn .accusingly on yvette . mrs . peacock how do you know it be unlock ? how do you know you could get at the gun ? yvette ( defensive ) I do not . I think : I break it .open - but it be open already . mrs . peacock ( to the other ) a likely «story !! and at this critical juncture the front door bell ring . ding ... dong ... they all stand still , freeze in terror , not know whether to go to the front door or not . miss scarlet maybe they will go away . they wait . and hope . ding ... dong ... ( continued ) 92 93 94 79 . continued : miss scarlet maybe - they '1l go - away . they wait . and hope , ding ... dong ... . mr. GREEN I be go to open it . all why ? . mr . ' GREEN I have nothing to hide . I do not do it !! he rush out of the study . they all follow . int . the hall they rush from the Study to the Hall , towards the -£ront - door . : int . / ext . front door / hall the cop be wait outside the front door . ' suddenly it be open by mr . GREEN , with the seven other crowd the doorway beside and behind he . cop good evening , sir . mr . GREEN slam the front door in he face . a momentary ' pause , then mr . GREEN fling the door open again . mr . GREEN yes ? the cop appear slightly puzzle by this behavior , but after a moment he continue where he leave off . cop : I find a abandon car near the gate of this house . do the driver come here for help , by . any chance ? they all try to smooth away he suspicion . ( continued ) , '' 94 be ' continued : all ( together , but not in unison ) no , no , no , no , no , no ... but mr . GREEN feel he must tell the truth . mr . GREEN well , actually , yes . all no !! the .cop eye the group . cop there seem to be some disagreement . all no , no , no , no ... mr . GREEN yes . . the cop be not satisfied , apparently . cop can I come in .and use the phone ? wadsworth be struggle to regain he usual composure . wadsworth of course , you may , sir , you may use @ one in the ... ( he be about to indicate the ' Lounge ) oo . @ Z ... ro , you can usé the one in the stu ... no ! um. would you be kind enough to wait in the ... er ... the Library . cop sure . : he come in . as he step into the Hall , he notice yvette . he stop and eye she suspiciously . cop ( continue ) do not I know you from somewhere ? ( continued ) 81 . 94 continued ( 2 ) : she give a gallic shrug . cop you all seem very anxious about something . wadsworth its because that chandelier fall down . it could have kill we . miss scarlet hurry to the Lounge and professor plum to the Study . ' they shut both door fast ( and therefore too loudly ) as '' he walk by . '' slam ! slam ! '' one after the other ! the cop notice . wadsworth show the cop into the Library . wadsworth please - help yourself to a drink , if you like . the cop pick up the cognac . wadsworth ( continue ) not the cognac -- just in case . cop in case - of what ? but wadsworth have shut the door , also with a bang . and lock it . but this time he be in a big hurry , andleave the key in the lock . he hurry back along the Hall , to where the six guest and yvette | be still stand , panic-stricken . | | | wadsworth what now ? mr . GREEN we should have tell he , we see , and they see , the door handle be jiggled _ up and . down . mrs . peacock it 's all very well to say that now ... mr . GREEN ; ( indignantly ) a I say it then ! ( continued ) 94 95 " sla , continued ( 3 ) all oh , shut up !: and they all look pretty threaten . '' so mr. GREEN shut up . int . the library the cop be try to open the lock door . puzzle , he leave it and cross to the telephone . he be about to lift the receiver when it ring . very loud . he jump . then he answer it . ( continued ) 95 96 . 97 { '' naa 82. continued : cop hello ? ... yes ? ... okay , okay . int . the hall : wadsworth and the group have freeze . , colonel mustard be that the phone ? wadsworth ( he eye widen ) maybe the cop answer it . they turn towards the Library door . int . the library the cop be on the phone . . cop and who shall I say be call ? ( he listen , then reply sarcastically ) oh , yes ? and I be Harry Truman . ( there be a torment of angry abuse shout down ; the line ) okay , okay , sir , I will try , sir . I apologize , but I be lock in a room here ... : he go to the door , and jiggle the handle . then he call out through the door . cop ( continue ) let I outa here . you have no right to shut I in . i'11 book you for false arrest , wrongful imprisonment , obstruct a officer in the course of he duty and murder ! there be a momentary pause . then the key be jiggled , and unlock . he see , and open the door . wadsworth , yvette , colonel mustard , mr . GREEN , miss scarlet , mrs . white , mrs . peacock and professor plum be all stand there . wadsworth speak with as much innocence as he can muster . ( continued ) 97 98 83 . continued : wadsworth what do you mean , murder ? the cop grin . cop I just say that to make you open the door . but what 's go on here ? why do you lock I in ? and why be you receive phone call from J. Edgar Hoover ? wadsworth be about to answer one of the first question , but this last inquiry floor he . wadsworth what ? cop J. Edgar Hoover 's on the line . wadsworth J. Edgar Hoover ? cop that 's right . the head of the Federal Bureau of investigation . all the Federal Bureau of investigation ? : colonel mustard why be J. Edgar Hoover on you phone ? wadsworth - I do not know !! but he 's on everybody else 's ; why should not he be on mine ? he go into the Library . he be about to shut the door , when he hesitates and prudently remove the key from the lock . he shut the door . . int . the hall 7 the cop be leave stand in the Hall with the other . cop what 's go on here ? miss scarlet we be have a party . ( continued ) cn 98 L 99 84 . continued : cop mind if I look around ? they all stare at he with desperation in they eye . except for miss scarlet . miss scarlet sure . you show he around , Mr. Green . mr. GREEN ( squeaking , hysterically frighten ) I ???? miss scarlet yes . why do not you show he the dining room - or the Kitchen - or the ballroom . mr. GREEN ( still squeaking ) Fine . ( he pull himself together , and lower he voice two octave ) Fine : come with I , officer , I will show you the dining room - or the Kitchen - or the ballroom . and he lead he away , the cop go somewhat reluctantly , he eye linger on the Study and Lounge door . as the cop and mr . GREEN disappear into the dining room , miss scarlet turn to the other . miss scarlet ( softly ) okay . listen . int . dine room the cop and mr . GREEN come into the dining room . mr . GREEN this be the dining room . cop ( heavy sarcasm ) _ no kid . what 's go on in that two room ? mr. GREEN 's voice be still high - pitch in terror . ( continued ) 99 100 lol 8s . continued : mr . GREEN what two room ? int . the study miss scarlet be talk to mrs . white and colonel mustard in front of the body of the cook and mr . boddy on the sofa . miss scarlet make it look convincing . and she grab a bottle of brandy from the sideboard . int . the hall miss scarlet and professor plum whizz across the Hall and into the Lounge just as mr . GREEN and the cop emerge from the dining room . the cop point at the Study and Lounge door . cop that two room . mr . GREEN ( a trifle hysterically ) oh , that two room ! cop yes . he walk purposefully towards the Study . mr. GREEN hurry after he , grab he arm , and stop he . mr . GREEN Officer , I do not think you should go in there . the cop stop walk and stare - at he . cop ( suspiciously ) why not ? mr. GREEN um ... ( wildly ) well , because ... because ... oh , it 's all too shocking . ( continued ) / 86 . oy 101 continued : the cop brushes mr . GREEN aside , go to the Study and open the door . 102 int . the study the light be off . the phonograph be playing , softly . " I ai not get no body , '' a old 78 rpm record . the cop switch the light . on the sofa mrs . white be sit on the knee of the dead mr. boddy . she be kissing he on the mouth . he appear , from the cop' Pov to be embrace she - but we can see that he arm and hand be be manipulate by mrs . white - like a big puppet . the cop see this , and he eye turn to another couple : the cook be stand up in a corner , she arm around colonel mustard , and he appears.to be kissing she . the cook 's hand be move through he hair . new angle . in the corner , we see that cook 's hand be behind she back , and mrs . peacock be conceal behind cook - and it be mrs , peacock 's hand which be caress colonel mustard . the cop turn to mr . GREEN , who be watch open-mouthed . cop it 's not all . that shocking . folk be just have a good time . he leave the room , follow by mr . GREEN . mrs. peacock come out from behind the dead cook . she be look dement . mrs . peacock oh , my God !! mrs . white stop kissing mr. boddy . mrs . peacock _ how could you kiss that ... thing ? mrs . white ( shrug ) it 's like kissing my first husband . mrs . peacock ( nastily ) ~ - before or after you cut he head off ? ae wt : ( continued ) 103 104 105 87 . int . the lounge miss scarlet be pour brandy into the mouth of the dead motorist . int . the hall the cop and mr . GREEN cross the Hall and open the Lounge door . int . the lounge miss scarlet and professor plum be in a embrace . the motorist be now lie back in a chair , he head injury not visible from the front . a half empty bottle of brandy have he finger curl round it . the cop enter . miss scarlet and professor plum separate . the cop eye they . mr. GREEN be still open-mouthed . : cop Excuse I . he see the motorist and cross over to he . he see the bottle . he bend down and sniff he breath . cop ( continue ) he 's drunk . Dead drunk . miss scarlet ( nodd ) Dead right . the cop shake the motorist . the bottle slip to the floor . the motorist , not . surprisingly , do not wake up when shake . the cop bend down towards he ear . cop I hope you be not go to drive home ? professor plum he will not be drive home , officer , I promise you that . cop ( look up ) someone will give he a lift ? miss scarlet yes , we will get a car for he - a long black car . ( continued ) 105 106 106a 88 . continued : professor . plum ( hastily ) a limousine . the cop nod . mr. GREEN be still open-mouthed . int . the library wadsworth be on the phone . wadsworth Goodbye . he replace the receiver , and , remember he situation , hurry out into the Hall . int . the hall wadsworth see the cop and mr . GREEN come out of the Lounge . wadsworth Officer ... - cop ' you be too late . I have see everything . * wadsworth be shattered by this statement . as always , the dialogue maintain a considerable pace - therein lie the humor . wadsworth you have ? in despair ) I can explain everything . cop you do not need to . wadsworth ( daze ) I do not ? cop do not worry . ' there 's nothing illegal about any of this . wadsworth be you sure ? * ( continued ) 106a continued : cop no. this be America . wadsworth I see . cop it 's a free country , do not you know ? wadsworth I do not know it be that free ? slight pause . . cop May I use the phone . now ? wadsworth certainly . delighted , he show the cop into the Library . the cop go in , and wadsworth lock the door . again he leave the key in the lock . we 107 int . the library the cop again notice the door be lock . he turn to the telephone . 108 int . the hall ; | all the group come out of the Study and Lounge . mr . GREEN why do you lock he in there again ? wadsworth we do not finish search the house . professor plum ( he look at he watch ) but. we be run out of time . only fifteen minute till the police come . mr . GREEN the police come already . all C shut up ! él ( continued ) 108 109 11o 111 90 . continued : yvette take mr . GREEN by the hand . yvette come on . and they hurry up the main stair . wadsworth and mrs . white follow . we move with they , to a high and very wide shot as they all come up the stair , and simultaneously mrs . peacock and professor plum return to the cellar stair . on the second floor landing wadsworth go back into ' the first bedroom , mrs . white into the second bedroom . we move with yvette and mr . GREEN up to the stair into the attic where they separate and go into different room of which there .are many . we watch mr. GREEN peer nervously behind door , into cupboard , into trunk . int . kitchen colonel mustard and miss scarlet enter the Kitchen . colonel mustard eye a different cupboard door . he move steadily toward it , open it -- and a fold - up irone board drop out and hit he on the head . he reel . then he look around . his eye be catch by the cupboard out of which the cook fall . he open the door . it look like a big broom cupboard . then , with a eerie creak , the back wall of the cupboard move -- and open . another secret passage ! colonel mustard look . miss scarlet I do not believe it . where do this one go ? colonel mustard let 's find out . int . secret passage colonel mustard and miss scarlet move along the tunnel . omitted