directed by Amy heckerl cast : alicia silverstone ......... cher horowitz Stacey dash ................ dionne Brittany Murphy ............ tai Paul Stephen rudd .......... josh Donald adeosun faison ...... Murray elisa donovan .............. amber breckin meyer .............. Travis Jeremy sisto ............... elton Dan hedaya ................. mel aida linare ............... Lucy wallace shawn .............. Mr. Hall twink caplan ............... miss geist Justin Walker .............. Christian sabastian rashidi .......... paroudasm herb Hall .................. principal Julie Brown ................ miss stoeger Susan mohun ................ Heather Nicole bilderback .......... summer ron orbach ................. dmv tester Sean Holland ............... lawrence Roger kabler ............... College guy jace Alexander ............. robber josh lozoff ................ Logan Carl gottlieb .............. Minister Joseph D. reitman .......... Student Anthony beninati ........... bartender micki Duran ................ dancer Gregg Russell .............. dancer jermaine montell ........... dancer danielle eckert ............ dancer written by Jane austen ( novel Emma ) Amy heckerl cinematography by Music Bill Pope by David kitay production Design by Steven J. Jordan costume Design by mona May Film editing by debra chiate produce by other Barry M. berg ( co-producer ) twink caplan ( associate ) Robert lawrence ( III ) Scott rudin Adam schroeder ( co-producer ) crew de abraham .............. set dresser Barry M. berg ............ unit production manager Alan ' Doc ' friedman ...... make - up Richard grave ........... assistant director raul gutierrez ........... assistant to Scott rudin William hiney ............ art director lawrence karman .......... camera operator Mark kusy ................ set dresser James labarge ............ set dresser alyson Dee Moore ......... foley James muro ............... steadicam operator Wendy Murray ............. set dresser Patricia nedd ............ foley Nina paskowitz ........... hair style karyn rachtman ........... music supervisor Patrick romano ........... stunt co-ordinator marcia Ross .............. casting Daniel silverberg ........ assistant director Jeffrey T. spellman ...... location manager Amy Wells ................ set decorator diana Williams ........... assistant director ok , so here it be . the entire script to clueless include important action , song from the soundtrack , and my own personal comment . just hit the little speaker next to the character 's name to hear the line from the movie ( they be not work yet ) . I hope you enjoy read it as much as I enjoy write it . it 's amazing the thing you pick up when watch a scene 50 time . one thing : this be write by a hopelessly devote and loyal alicia silverstone fan , so some of the commentary may be biased . but , I figure if you be read this then you must have some interest she . enjoy . any suggestion , error , anything ?! please email I pacey578@rocketmail.com scene I - cher' house " kid in America " the muff ( heaps of shot of the girl have fun ) cher v.o. so ok , you be probably think , " be this , like a noxema commercial , or what ?! " but seriously , I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl . I mean I get up , I brush my tooth , and I pick out my school clothes . " fashion girl " David bowie daddy 's a litigator . that be the scariest kind of lawyer . even Lucy , we may , be terrify of he . he 's so good he get pay five hundred dollar a hour just to fight with people , but he fight with I for free ' cause I be he daughter . cher daddy ! cher , please do not start with the juice again . cher daddy , you need you vitamin C . where 's my briefcase ? cher it 's be a couple of month now , so I say we go out to malibu . do not tell I that braindead low - life have be call again . cher they be you parent . and do not try sneaking out of the office . Dr. lovitz be come by to give you a flu shot . oh , josh be in town . he 's come for dinner . cher why ? because he 's you step -brother ! cher but you be hardly even marry to he mother and that be five year ago . why do I have to see josh ? ( watch that lip !!) you divorce wife , not child . cher here . forget it ! scene ii - cher' car " just a girl " no doubt cher v.o. do I show you the loque - out Jeep daddy get I ? it 's get four wheel drive , dual side airbag and monster sound system . I do not have a licence yet , but I need something to learn on . ( cher run over a pot plant on the kerb ) oh , why that come out of nowhere . ( watch she face when she look back at the road ) here 's where dionne life . she 's my friend because we both know what it 's like to have people be jealous of we . dionne dude ! cher girlfriend ! cher v.o. and I must give she snap for she courageous fashion effort . dionne hey cher . cher v.o. dionne and I be both name after great singer of the past who now do infomercials . dionne so ? cher Shopping with Dr. seuss ? dionne well , at least I would not skin a collie to make my backpack . cher it 's faux . dionne hello . that be a stop sign ! cher I totally pause ! dionne yeah , ok . scene III - school walkway dionne it 's not even eight thirty and Murray be paging I . cher he be so possesive . dionne tell I about it . this weekend he call I up and he 's all " where be you today ? " and I be like " I be at my grandmother 's house " ... cher v.o. dionne and she boyfriend , Murray be in this dramatic relationship . I think they have see that ike and Tina Turner movie just too many time . now I have to say to she ... cher Dee , why do you put up with it ? you could do so much better . dionne alright , sh , sh . here he come . " shoop " Salt and pepa murray woman , why do not you be answer any of my page ? dionne I hate when you call I woman ! murray where you be all weekend ? what 's up ? you be jeepin ' around behind my back ? dionne jeepin ' ? cher jeepin ' . ( watch cher closely . it 's classic ! ) murray jeepin ' , jeepin' . dionne no , but speak of vehicular sex , perhaps you can explain to I how this cheap k - mart hair extension get into the back seat of you car . murray I do not know where that come from . that look like one of you stringy something on other you get up here ... dionne Excuse I . I do not wear polyester hair , ok . unlike some people I know , like shawanna . cher Dee , I be outie . dionne bye. murray why do you gotta go there ? dionne that 's it . I have have it with you . murray be it that time of the month again ? ( croud gasp ) cher v.o . I do not know why dionne be go out with a high school boy . they be like dog . you have to clean they and feed they and they be just like this nervous creature that jump and slobber all over you . ( random guy put he arm around cher ) cher ooo ! get off of I ! uh , as if ! scene iv - classroom debate mr hall should all oppress people be allow refuge in America ? amber will take the con position . cher will be pro . cher , two minute . cher so , ok , like right now , for example , the haitian need to come to America . but some people be all " what about the strain on we resource ? " but it 's like , when I have this garden party for my father 's birthday right ? I say r.s.v.p. because it be a sit-down dinner . but people come that like , do not r.s.v.p. so I be like , totally buggin ' . I have to haul ass to the kitchen , redistribute the food , squish in extra place setting , but by the end of the day it be like , the more the merrier ! and so , if the government could just get to the kitchen , rearrange some thing , we could certainly party with the haitian . and in conclusion , may I please remind you that it do not say r.s.v.p. on the statue of Liberty ? ( class break into applause ) cher thank you very much . mr hall uh , amber ? replying ? amber Mr. Hall , how can I answer that ? the topic be Haiti and she 's talk about some little party . cher hello ?! it be he fiftieth birthday ! amber whatever . if she do not do the assignment , I can not do mine . mr hall lady . so , do anyone have any further thought on cher 's oration ? elton ? comment ? elton yeah , I can not find my cranberry CD . I have gotta do to the quad before somebody snag it . mr hall I be afraid I can not permit that . any further insight ? travis I have a insight , Mr. Hall . mr hall I be all ear . travis ok , like , the way I feel about the Rolling Stones be the way my kid be go to feel about nine inch Nails , so I really should not torment my Mom anymore , huh ? mr hall yes . well , it 's a little off the subject of Haiti , but tolerance be always a good lesson , even when it come out of nowhere . travis thank you . mr hall and with that in mind , I be go to distribute you report card . now , be there a Christian stobich in this class ? cher mr . Hall ? the buzz on Christian be that he parent have joint custody , so he will be spend one semester in Chicago and one semester here . I think it be a travesty on the part of the legal profession . ( look at cher 's face while speak ! ahhh , I can not take it anymore ! ) mr hall thank you for that perspective cher . ( Mr. Hall hand out the report card ) now could all conversation please come to a halt . ( Travis jump up to the window ) and could the suicide attempt please be postpone till the next period ? travis must die . ( after cher , the most classic character in the movie ) cher v.o. suddenly , a dark cloud settle over first period . I get a C in debate ?! scene V - school hallway cher ( on phone ) Dee ? dionne wassup ? cher do you get you report card ? dionne yeah , I be toast . how would you do ? cher I totally choke . my father be go to go ballistic on I . dionne Mr. Hall be way harsh ! ( cher and dionne meet up in the hall ) he give I a C minus . cher well , he give I a C , which drag down my entire average . dionne bye. cher I will call ya , ok ? dionne yeah . scene VI - cher' house cher v.o. be not my house classic ? the column date all the way back to 1972 . be not my Mom a betty ? she die when I be just a baby . a fluke accident during a routine liposuction . I do not remember she , but I like to pretend she still watch over I . cher hey , ma. 98 in geometry . pretty groovy , huh ? " Fake plastic tree ( acoustic version ) " radiohead cher v.o. yuk ! uh , the maudlin music of the University station . cher waa , waa , waa . ( cher enter the kitchen ) yuh , what be it about college and cry-baby music ? josh hey , who 's watch the galleria ? cher so , the flannel shirt deal . be that a nod to the crispy Seattle weather , or be you just try to stay warm in front of the refrigerator ? josh ( grab cher 's tummy ) oo , wow . you be fill out there . cher wow . you face be catch up with you mouth . josh I go by dad 's office . cher he be not you dad . why do not you torture a new family . josh hey , just because my mother marries someone else , do not mean he 's my father . cher actually , kato , that 's exactly what it mean . ( they enter the Lounge ) I hope you be not think of stay here . josh I sure want to . cher I be sure you do . josh I have get a place in westwood , near School . cher should not you go to school on the East Coast ? I hear girl at n.y.u. be not at all particular . josh hahaha , you be funny . ( josh change the channel from beavis and butthead to the News ) cher hey ! God , you just get here and already you be play couch commando ! josh hey ! in some part of the Universe , maybe not in contempo casual , but in some part , it 's consider cool to know what 's go on in the world . cher thank you , josh . I so need lesson from you on how to be cool . tell I that part about Kenny G again ? mel ( from dining room ) c'mon you chucklehead , get in here ! ( they move to the dining room ) josh , be you still grow ? you look taller than you do at Easter . josh I do not think so . mel ( to cher ) do not he look bigger ? cher his head do . so , josh , have you give any think to we little discussion about corporate Law ? josh yeah , you know , but I think I would really like to check out Environmental Law . what for ? do you want to have a miserable , frustrating life ? cher oh , josh will have that no matter what he do . at least he know what he 's do . and he 's in good college . I would like to see you have a little bit of direction . cher I have direction . josh yeah , towards the mall . which remind I , where 's you report card ? cher it 's not ready yet . what do you mean , " it 's not ready yet ? " cher well , some teacher be try to low - ball I , daddy . and I know how you say , " never accept a first offer " , so I figure this grade be just a jump off point to start negotiation . very good . ( one of the mobile phone ring , everyone answer they phone ) cher Dee ? josh yeah ? hello ? yeah , Jake , what ? no ! not the afternoon . ( cher and josh put they phone down ) cher you be such a brown -noser . josh oh , and you be such a superficial space - cadet . what make you think you can get teacher to change you grade ? mel ( in background ) I tell you I want it in the morning ! do not he understand ? in the morning . cher only the fact that I have do it every other semester . scene VII - various school locale " shake some action " cracker cher v.o. I tell my p.e. teaher a evil male have break my heart , so she raise my C to a B. cher I be so miserable . I can not eat , I can not sleep , I can not study . miss stoeger they be slime , they be slime , I mean they be horrible , do not feel bad , do not feel bad , I know , and you see they be all like this . cher v.o. then I promise miss giest I would start a letter write campaign to my congressman about violation of the clean air act . but Mr. Hall be totally rigid . he say my debate be unresearched , unstructure , and unconvincing , as if ! I feel impotent and out of control , which I really hate . I need to find sanctuary in a place where I could gather my thought and regain my strength . scene VIII - the mall dionne dude , what 's wrong ? be you suffer from buyer 's remorse or something ? ( watch cher flick she head ) cher God , no ! nothing like that . it 's just that , we have be shopping all day and I still do not know what to do about Mr. Hall . I have try everything to convince he of my scholastic aptitude , but I be brutally rebuffe . dionne get over it , ok . he 's a miserable little man who want to make everyone else miserable too . cher Dee , that 's it ! we have get to figure out a way to make Mr. Hall sublimely happy . scene ix - school cher v.o. here 's the four-one - one on Mr. Hall . he 's single , he 's 47 , and he earn minor ducket for a thankless job . what that man need be a good healthy boinkfest . unfortunately , there be a major babe drought in we school . the evil troll from the math department be actually marry , ... oooh snicker ... and in the grand tradition of p.e. teacher , Ms. stoeger seem to be same - sex orient . of course , there be always miss giest . something tell I not to discount miss giest . well sure , she have run in she stocking , and she slip be always show , and she always have more lipstick on she tooth than she mouth . God , this woman be scream for a make-over . I be she only hope . ( cher be write a note outside miss giest 's pidgeon hole ) dionne Rough wind do shake the darling bud of May but thy eternal summer shall not fade . phat ! do you write that ? cher duh , it 's like a famous quote . dionne from where ? cher cliff 's note . dionne oh . ( Travis and miss giest walk out of she office toward where cher and dionne have split the scene ) miss giest I know you be go to be better now . now , you run along and I will see you third period and you will try to remember to bring you textbook . travis uh , ok . ( miss giest read the note leave by the girl and she face brighten ) dionne oh , my God ! she actually look happy ! cher oooh , classic ! ( scene change to Mr. Hall 's classroom ) mr hall paroudasm budapshawn , 16 tardy to work off . ( paroudasm mutter something in farsi and he friend cheer ) Janet huon , no tardy . classmate kisser ! mr hall Travis berkenstock , 38 tardy . by far the most tardy in the class . congratulation . ( the whole class cheer and applaude . Travis approach the podium ) travis this be so unexpected , I , uh , I do not even have a speech prepare . uh , but I would like to say this : tardiness be not something you can do all on you own . many , many people contribute to my tardiness . uh , I would like to thank my parent for never give I a ride to school , the L.A. city bus driver for take a chance on a unknown kid , and , uh , last but not least , the wonderful crew at McDonalds for spend hour make that egg mcmuffin , without which I might never be tardy . mr hall well , if Mr. berkenstock have no political message to include in he speech , I will go on . cher horowitz , two tardy . cher I object ! do you recall the date of this alleged tardy ? ( cher in lawyer mode . legendary ! ) mr hall one be last Monday ! cher Mr. Hall , I be surfing the crimson wave , I have to haul ass to the lady '. mr hall I assume you refer to woman 's trouble , and so I will let that one slide . cher thank you , Mr. Hall . miss giest be right about you . mr hall what do you mean ? cher well , she say that you be the only one in this school with any intelligence . scene X - cher' house cher , get in here ! cher yes , daddy ? would you tell I what the hell this be ? cher um , a second notice for three outstanding ticket . I do not remember get a first notice . the ticket be the first notice . I do not even know you could get ticket without a licence . cher oh , sure you can . you can get ticket anytime . oh , be that so ? ( cher nod ) well not around here you can not . from this moment on , you will not drive , sit , do anything in that jeep without a supervise driver present . and no cruisin ' around with dionne , alright ? two permit do not equal a licence ! do I make myself clear ? cher yes , daddy . cher , I expect you to become a good driver . I want to see you apply yourself . cher I will . I be gonna practise real hard . ok . ( the scene move to the poolside ) cher v.o. a licence driver with nothing to do ? where would I find such a loser ? cher hey , granola breath , you get something on you chin . josh I be grow a goatee . cher oh , that 's good . you do not want to be the last one at the coffee house without chin pube . josh I can not tell you how much I enjoy this little chat of ours , but in the interest of save time , why do not you just tell I what you want . cher ok . so , actually , I have a permit and I can drive and all , but daddy say I can not take the jeep out without a licence driver , and since you not do anything and all , you know ? josh what be the chance of you shutting up until you get you way ? cher hmmm , slim to none . c'mon ! scene XI - cher' car josh hey , James bond , in America we drive on the right side of the road . cher I be . you try drive in platform . josh look , I get to get back to school . ah , you want to practise parking ? cher what 's the point ? everywhere you go have valet . what class you go to ? josh actually , I be go to a tree people meeting . I might get marky Mark to plant a celebrity tree . cher how fabulous . get marky Mark to take time from he busy pants - drop schedule to plant tree ? josh , why do not you just hire a gardener ? josh you know , maybe marky Mark want to use he popularity for a good cause , make a contribution . in case you have never hear of that , a contribution be the give of ... cher Excuse I , but I have donate many expensive italian outfit to Lucy ... josh time ... fund ... cher and as soon as I get my licence I fully intend to brake for animal , and I have contribute many hour help two lonely teacher find romance . josh which I will bet serve you interest more than theirs . you know , if I ever see you do something that be not ninety percent selfish , I would die of shock . cher oh , that would be reason enough for I . scene xii - school cher would you call I selfish ? dionne no . not to you face . cher really ? dionne what 's wrong ? be josh give you shit because he 's go through he post-adolescent idealistic phase ? cher look , there 's Mr. Hall . ( the girl run over to Mr. Hall ) Mr. Hall , Mr. Hall , Mr. Hall , um , do you drink coffee ? mr hall well , not from this cafeteria . but , uh , yes under normal circumstance . cher well , I be such a retard . when I be pack daddy 's lunch this morning I give he my lemon snapple , and I take he sucky italian roast . do you want it ? mr hall be you sure you do not want it ? cher duh , it might stunt my growth . I wanna be 5'10 " like Cindy Crawford . but I think maybe you and miss giest might like it ? dionne maybe you can share it ? mr hall well , uh , thanks . cher sure . ( to dionne ) hmm ? ( outside miss giest 's office , she open the door ) cher & dionne miss giest ! miss giest hi girl . do you sign up for the environmental fair ? dionne oh , yeah , we will . cher you have such pretty eye . do not hide they . and this clip be so cute . dionne and this tiny little waist . oooh , wow . miss giest Girls . oh , and do not forget to sign up for the environmental fair . dionne not a total betty , but a vast improvement . cher well , we do we best . dionne mmmm , hmmm . cher we gotta book it if we be go to make it to p.e. ( scene move outside ) c'mon , Dee . dionne ohh , I feel like fail , dude , c'mon . cher I know what you mean , but at least it 's exercise . I feel like such a heffer . I have two bowl of special k , three piece of turkey bacon , a handful of popcorn , five peanut butter M&M 's , and like , three piece of licorice . dionne ( gasp ) oh , my god. look . be that a photo op , or what ? cher will you look at that body language ? leg cross towards each other . that 's a unequivocal sex invite . dionne oh , cher , he 's get she digit . look at giest , she be so cute . cher ohh , old people can be so sweet . " Change " lightn seed ( the follow scene show miss giest and Mr. Hall get it on while everyone be thanking cher . ) cher v.o. the entire student body be utterly grateful for the improvement in they grade . scene xiii - cher' house cher , what 's this all about ? cher my report card ? the same semester ? cher uh-huh . what would you do ? turn in some extra-credit report ? cher no. you take the mid-term over ? cher uh-uh . you mean to tell I that you argue you way from a C + to a a - ? cher totally base on my power of persuasion . you proud ? honey , I could not be happier than if they be base on real grade . cher thank you . fabulous . scene xiv - school p.e. " Girls just wanna have fun " Robert hazard cher v.o. I feel so satisfied , I want to do more good deed . ( dionne sneeze ) cher Dee , when you allergy act up , take out you nose-r . miss stoeger follow ... through ! there you go , there you go . all right , cher . cher ! cher oh. miss stoeger ? I would just Earth to cher ! come in like to say that physical education in this school be a disgrace . I mean , stand in line for forty minute be hardly aerobically effective . I doubt I have work off the calory in a stick of care - free gum . ( class cheer ) miss stoeger well , you certainly exercise you mouth cher . now , hit the ball . ( Ball fly by , inch from cher 's nose ) cher miss stoeger , that machine be just a lawsuit wait to happen ! miss stoeger thanks for the legal advice . ( cher return to line ) dionne ? you be up . dionne uh , no , miss stoeger ? I have a note from my tennis instructor , and he would prefer it if I do not expose myself to any training that might derail he teaching . miss stoeger Fine ! amber ? amber miss stoeger . my plastic surgeon do not want I do any activity where ball fly at my nose . dionne well , there go you social life . ( Girls giggle . principal walk onto the scene ) principal miss stoeger ? get another one . lady , we have a new student with we . this be tai frasier . miss stoeger tai , you do not have time to change , but you could hit a few ball in that clothes . amber she could be a farmer in that clothes . cher Dee , my mission be clear . would you look at that girl ? she be so adorably clueless . we have get to adopt she . dionne cher , she be toe-up . we stock would plummet . cher Dee , do not you want to use you popularity for a good cause ? dionne no. cher ( motion to tai ) c'mere . yeah , c'mere . hang with we . tai oh , thank you . cher how do you like California ? tai man , I be freakin ' . I could really use some sort of a herbal refreshment ? dionne well , we do lunch in ten minute . we do not have any tea , but we have Coke and stuff . tai no shit ! you guy get Coke here ? dionne well , yeah . cher yeah , this be America . ( scene change to the girl walk down main path ) " unknown song and artist " cher v.o. so , we decide to show tai the rope at bronson alcott High School . cher that be alana 's group over there . they do the t.v. station . they think that 's the most important thing on Earth . and that 's the Persian mafia . you can not hang with they unless you own a BMW . and there 's elton in the white vest , and all the most popular boy in the school . dionne include my boyfriend . ai not he cute ? tai yeah . cher if you make the decision to date a high school boy , they be the only acceptable one . tai cher , which one of they be you boyfriend ? cher as if ! dionne cher 's get attitude about high school boy . cher it 's a personal choice every woman have get to make for herself . ( Murray approach the girl ) murray ( to dionne ) woman , lend I five dollar . dionne Murray , I have ask you repeatedly not to call I woman ! murray Excuse I , miss dionne . dionne thank you . murray ok , but street slang be a increasingly valid form of expression . most of the feminine pronoun do have mock , but not necessarily in a misogynistic undertone . ( Murray hop away ) tai wow ! you guy talk like grown-ups . cher oh , well , this be a really good school . tai I be gonna go get a soda . you guy want ? cher sure . tai alright . dionne she 's nice . cher oooh , project ! ( I can not put that cute little squeal into word ) ( scene change to inside cafeteria ) " my Iron lung " radiohead travis ( to food ) oh , wow . that 's disgusting . ( to tai ) that 's nice representation . tai thanks . that be really nice sticker . travis oh , you like them ? see , I be think it be too cluttere . you know , I wanna wipe all of this out and concentrate on one main decorative statement . like , uh , marvin the martian . right there . tai get outa town ! I can do marvin the martian . travis really ? tai well , I mean , there 's not really a lot to he . but , you wanna see ? travis yeah . tai here . travis oh , wow ! that 's really cool . tai thanks . travis you draw that ? tai yeah , and wait , I get ... one here . travis you do not trace this ? tai uh-uh . no. here 's another one over here . and , lot of little guy . travis that be so cute ! tai I love to draw . travis you be really good at it . tai no . travis yeah , really you be . tai no. travis yeah ! ( scene change to outside ) dionne be you sure that 's fat free ? cher oh , yes . and you lose wait by do it like this . like really small . ( dionne giggle / hiss ) it 's true . tai I meet a really cool guy . cher describe ! tai alright , he 's get long hair , he 's really funny , and straight off , some smoke . there he be ! cher be you talk about drug ? tai right ? he offer I yeah . cher tai , how old be you ? tai I will be sixteen in May . cher my birthday be in April , and as someone older , can I please give you some advice ? ( tai nod ) it be one thing to spark up a dubie and get lace at party , but it be quite another to be fry all day . dionne do you see the distinction ? tai yeah . cher loady generally hang on the grassy knoll over there . " unknown song and artist " guitarish sometimes they come to class and say bonehead thing , and we all laugh , of course . but no respectable girl actually date they . dionne hmm-mm . cher you do not want to start off on the wrong foot , do you ????? 2??? 2?2?2 ??? ( tai shake she head ) I have get a idea . let 's do a make-over ! ( dionne light up ) tai no , no . dionne oh , c'mon ! let we ! cher 's main thrill in life be a make -over . ok , it give she a sense of control ona world full of chaos . cher pleeeaaase . ( how could anyone resist that ?!) tai sure . why not ? shit ! you guy ! I have never have straight friend before . scene XV - make - over at cher' house " supermodel " Jill sobule ( various scene of cher and dionne make over tai , then cher and tai work out in the lounge room ) cher squeeze in . tai cher , I do not wanna do this any more , and my bun , they do not feel nothin ' like steel . cher ok , it will get easier , I promise . just as long as we do it every day . sporadically . tai how do you know if we be do it sporadically ? cher that 's another thing , tai . we have not just get to work on you accent and vocabulary . see , sporadic mean once in a while . try and use it in a sentence today . tai alright . cher ok , from now on we be alternate Cindy Crawford 's " aerobicise " and " bun of steel " , and read one non-school book a week . my first book be " fit or fat " . tai mine be " Men be from Mars , woman be from venus " . cher good . now that take care of we mind and body , but we should do something good for mankind or the planet for a couple of hour . ( josh walk in ) josh hey , brainiac . cher uh , the dread ex . tai , this be josh . josh Nice to meet ya . cher hey ! you know about this stuff . I want to do something good for humanity . josh how about sterilization ? ( tai crack up . cher and josh enter the kitchen ) cher so , what do ya think ? josh I be amaze . cher that I be devote myself so generously to someone else ? josh no , that you have find someone even more clueless than you be to worship you . cher I be rescue she from teenage hell . do you know the wound from adolescence can take year to heal ? josh yeah , and you have never have a mother so you be act out on that poor girl as if she be you barbie doll . cher freshman psych rear it 's ugly head josh hey , I be not take psych . cher whatever . I be go to take that lose soul in there and make she well - dress and popular . her life will be better because of I . how many girl can say that about you ? ( josh and cher walk back to the lounge where tai be watch t.v. and sing along with the " mentos " ad . God I hate that ad ! ) josh be seein ' ya . tai yeah , I hope not sporadically . scene XVI - school cher oh , my God . do you see how boy be respond ? my heart be totally burst . dionne I know . I be kvelling ! ( Travis approach ) travis cher , you have timor , right ? cher giest . travis hey , tai ! do you get a flyer ? tai uh-uh . travis here . tai thanks . wow , a party ! cher it 's in the Valley . the cop usually break them up in less than a hour , that long to get there . dionne and besides , it 's just local loady . tai do you guy think that Travis be gonna be there ? dionne tai , I think we move on from there . and it take cher do not sell yourself short now . you have get something go for you that no one in this school have . tai oh , I be not a virgin . cher I mean mystery . as far as everyone be concerned you be the most popular girl in you school , and the fact that you hang with Dee and I , well ... dionne speak very highly of you . cher if you strike while the iron be hot , you can have any guy that you want . tai like who ? cher let 's see . who 's available ? there 's bronson ... I get it ! elton ! he just break up with collette . dionne oh , yes ! tai who 's elton ? dionne oh , my God . he 's way popular . he 's like the social director of the crew . cher yeah , and he dad can get you into any concert , and I notice he scoping you out . tai he be look at I ? cher he say you give he a toothache . tai how would I do that ? cher it 's a expression . it mean he think you be sweet . tai yeah ? cher yeah . tai wow . dionne be that true ? cher no. dionne oh , you be so bad . ( scene move to fountain where cher be take picture of the crew ) " alright " supergrass cher ok , you guy , all get together . oh , that be great . smile ! tai , tai , get a little closer . closer tai. good , great ! hey , elton , uh , why do not you put you arm around tai ? elton ( unwillingly ) alright ! cher yeah , that 's great . ( check out cher 's little smile and rock ! awesome ! ) ok . tai , c'mere , c'mere , tai . ( scene move to just cher and tai by bush ) hold that . tai ok . cher ok . ( elton approach . ) elton cool picture . cher do not she look classic ? elton yeah , this be beautiful . cher she look like one of that bottichellis chick . elton hey , why do not you make I a copy of this , ok ? cher sure . ( another one of cher 's little squeal . classic ! ) scene XVII - cher' house , dine room cher hi daddy . this be my friend , tai. get out of my chair ! ( tai move to opposite cher . Lucy bring in dinner . ) cher thank you , Lucy . it look great . what be this crap ? cher daddy , it 's from the " cut you colesterol " cook book . Doctor lovitz say you have get to get down to two hundred . ( cher 's pager beep . ) no call tonight . cher but it 's dionne , it might ... sorry ! cher it might be important . we be go to have a nice family dinner . so , uh , what would you do at school today ? cher well ... I break in my purple clog . ( mel 's phone ring . ) yeah , hello ? alright , Jake . yeah , yeah , no , no , what ? cher Dee ? whatup ? dionne so , check it . Murray 's geometry class be right by elton 's locker , the picture you take of tai. cher oh , my God . tai and tape up inside be what ? cher elton 's get a picture of you hang up in he locker . tai oh , no shit ! dionne hello ! so , anyway , the whole crew be go to this party in the Valley . cher bye . ( cher hang up the phone . ) look like we be go to have to make a cameo at the Val party . mel ( in background ) I tell you I want it in the morning . no! scene xviii - murray' car dionne Murray ! murray just look at the top of the map . Sun Valley be north . dionne ok , no . all I see be bel Air , ok . murray then you be on the wrong map . dionne I be not on the wrong map . murray look at the number on the top . what be the number on the top ? dionne there be no number on the top . there 's letter . ( Murray make a frustrated noise . ) dionne Murray , shut up ! cher please do not friz out ! scene xix - the val party ( the gang pull up outside the party . ) listen tai , when we get there make sure elton see you , but do not say hi first . look like you be have fun and you be really popular . talk to someone in he eyeline , preferably a guy . make he come to you , and find a excuse to leave while he 's still into the conversation . the key be , always have he want more . you get it ? tai I get it . cher ok . travis head up ! ( do a rail slide with he skateboard on the stair-rail . tai oh , do you just see that ?! cher oh , God . skateboard , that be like , so five year ago . travis oh , you guy come ! that 's great ! you want a beer ? I will get you one . cher ( to tai ) no. ( the girl enter the party house . ) " unknown song and artist " tai this be ragin ' . cher let 's do a lap before we commit to a location . ( dionne drag a dance girl away from Murray . ) dionne who be that ?! tai cher , be not that the same dress that you be wearin ' yesterday ? cher say , ambular ? amber cher be that you go through my laundry ? amber as if . like I would really wear something from Judy 's . cher do you prefer fashion victim or ensembly challenge ? ( amber walk off . ) amber uh! cher what a clone . tai cher , you look much better in that dress than she do . ( Travis burst onto the scene spilling drink on cher 's shoe . ) cher uh ! ruin my satin shoe , why do not you ?! travis I be sorry . ( they move to the kitchen . ) cher Excuse I , my shoe ! uh! this be so not fixable . travis it 's a small price to pay to the party god . look , I will make amend . how about some chronic shit ? cher oh , it 's the least you could do . tai spark it . cher hey , elton 's over there . Act like Travis be say something funny . ( tai hand joint to cher and blow smoke in she face . ) tai sorry . ( tai start crack up . ) travis what 's so funny ? tai nothing . ( elton approach and reach behind cher for the joint ) cher oh , here . ( summer enter hold a card ) summer hey , everyone ! let 's play suck and blow . ( the card pass through the group until elton drop it ( on purpose ) and plant one right on cher 's mouth ) cher God , elton . can you suck ? ( dionne scream in the background ) it 's dee. c'mon ! ( scene change to the bathroom , where Murray be get he head shave ) dionne what have you do ! oh , my God ! uh ! why do you do this to you head ?! murray because I be keep it real . because I be keep it real . dionne what ?! murray " Cause I be keep it ... ' cause I be keep it real . dionne ( to cher ) look ! look what he 's do to he head ! can you believe this ? murray look at lawrence 's head . alright ? lawrence it 's the bomb ! murray you know what I be sayin ' ? you look good . lawrence as will you . dionne what would you care what he think , Murray ? I be the one that have to look at you . that be a big mistake . what be I go to do with you now ? and right before the year book picture ? what be I go to tell my grandchild ? murray alright . dionne you know what ? ok , that 's it . murray ( mimick ) that 's it . dionne you wanna play game ? murray ( mimick agin ) you wanna play game ? dionne I be call you mother . murray I be ... I be can ... oh , wait ! no , no , no , no , no , no . no , lawrence yo , man . chill , chill ! murray chill ?! ( cher and tai start walk away ) oh , wait . do not call my ma. cher same thing happen at the spring dance . she spend the entire after-party in the bathroom . tai see , that almost destroy by buzz . cher I be still baked . tai yeah . ( back to the dance floor . ) " rollin ' with my homies " coolio cher what do ya say , we go bump into people ? tai yeah , I be cool with that . travis ( from on the fireplace ) hey , tai ! wait up ! whooh ! ( Travis jump onto the crowd . no one keep he up and he hit the deck . ) tai be you ok ? travis ( to dancer ) where 's you sense of pit hospitality ? tai that be so cool , the way you do that . I wish I could do it . travis oh , no , do not . tai why not ? travis well , ' cause if girl do it , what would guy do to impress they ? tai I do not know , like stuff . you know ? travis what kind of stuff ? ( cher spot Travis tuning tai and butt in to stop it ) cher tai , I need you . tai ok . cher elton 's over there . ( the girl start dance . as tai be try to impress elton she be hit in the head by a fly clog ) cher tai ! tai , elton , help I ! ( elton carry tai into the kitchen and place she on the counter ) cher thank you . travis here , you should use ice . cher no , Travis ! we have get it under control . travis tai , be you ok ? cher Travis , tai would have want you to enjoy the party . cher if it 's a concussion , you have to keep she concious , ok ? ask she question . elton what 's seven time seven ? cher stuff she know ! ( tai sit up and hit she head on the light . what a clutz ! ) elton some bump you have get there . tai yeah . elton yeah ? you ready to go back out there ? tai yeah , I be . elton alright . be you sure ? can you do this ? ( sing ) rollin ' with the homy . tai ( sing ) rollin ' with the homy . ( great voice . ) elton yeah , let 's do it . you be ready . ( elton and tai go back to the dance floor . ) cher v.o. I have to give myself snap for all the good deed I be do . it be so great . Love everywhere . even be though I be alone , I be really happy for tai . it 's like that book I read in ninth grade that say , " 'tis a far , far better thing do stuff for other people . " ( scene change to outside by the pool . cher 's phone ring . ) cher hello ? do you know what time it be ? cher a watch really do not go with this outfit , daddy . where be you ? cher uuhh , just have a snack with my girlfriend . where , in Kuwait ?! cher be that in the Valley ? cher , I expect you to walk in this door in twenty minute . cher well , um , it might take longer than that , dad . everywhere in L.A. take twenty minute . ( cher hang up the phone . ) ( scene change to outside front of party house . ) cher sorry to make you leave , dionne be buck for best dramatic actress at a Val party . ( tai laugh . ) cher hey , summer ! summer hi ! pretty random fiesta . need a ride home ? cher that would be great ! thanks ! elton no , I get it . summer well , I be right below wilshire and lindon . tai oh , that 's right near I ! I be , um , above Olympic . elton great ! then , tai you will go with summer , and cher you will come with I . cher actually , you could take wilshire to cannon and that turn into bennedict . elton well , then she would have to go back south and I be already go north . cher but , you could take tai on you way up to sunset . yeah . elton that do not make any sense ! I would have to get off the freeway , I hate that . tai , go with summer , cher , you will come with I . watch you foot . ( each get into respective car and wave each other goodbye . ) scene xx - elton' car " away " the cranberry ( elton be sing along to music . try to be sexy , but he fail miserably , the sleazy bastard ! ) cher do not tai look cute tonight ? ( elton just sing . ) I really love she hair when it 's all wild , you know ? but it 's also very pretty when it 's all up , with that curly tendril . like in that picture I take . elton you know , you be one of my best friend and I do not have friend that be girl . cher well , I be glad , because you happiness mean a lot to I . elton it do ? cher sure . I mean , I see how hard you breakup with collette be . elton yeah . I think we both know what it feel like to be lonely . cher whatever . the thing be , be that I would really like to see you settle already . ( elton pull the car into a parking lot . ) where be we go ? ( the car stop . ) elton I know it , I know it . ( elton make a pass at cher . ) cher oooh , you know what ?! elton that you be totally sprung on I . cher hello ?! do not you mean tai ? elton tai ?! cher you have she picture in you locker . elton I have the picture you take in my locker . cher ohh , I be have a twin peak experience . elton I know it , I know it when you kiss I . cher suck and blow be a game , elton ! ( elton have another go at cher . ) stop it ! elton alright ! you know , I do not get you cher . I mean , you flirt with I all year . cher as if ! I have be tryng to get you together with tai. elton tai ?! why would I go with tai ? cher why not ? elton why not ? why not ?! do not you even know who my father be ? cher you be snob and a half . elton cher , listen to I . I and tai , I mean , we do not make any sense , right ? I and you , well , make sense . ( elton try for cher , yet again . ) cher cut it out ! elton c'mon . cher stop it ! ( cher get out of the car . ) ( watch cher compose herself after get out of the car . i.e. the head movement and sound effect . ) elton cher ?! where be you go ? you be only hurt yourself here , baby . c'mon , you gonna walk home ? would you get back in the car , please ? get back in the car . cher leave I alone ! elton Fine ! ( elton drive away . what a prick ! ) cher hey , where be you go ? shit ! ( cher whip out the phone and dial ) operator Valley information . cher yeah , do you have the number of a cab company ? operator which one ? cher I do not know which one . what do you have out here ? operator we have Valley cab ... robber Hand it over . ( cher squeal / moan ) give I the phone . ( cher comply ) ok . bag , too. c'mon ! alright , now , uh , get down on the ground . face down . c'mon ! cher oh , no . you do not understand , this be a alaia . robber a a-what - a ? cher it 's like a totally important designer . robber and I will totally shoot you in the head . get down ! ( cher whimper as she lie down on the pavement ) alright , um , count to a hundred . thank you . cher one , two ... cher v.o. the evening have turn into a royal mess . sexually harrass , the number of the party , so I could not call dionne , if he know where rob . I do not know and daddy would kill I I be . there be just one person leave to call , and I really , really do not want to call he . ( cher dial up josh 's place . he 's try to get it on with he girlfriend ) josh c'mon . ( phone ring ) hello . cher josh , you busy ? heather who be it ? josh it 's mel 's daughter . cher so , ok , I be at this party , and my designate driver try to attack I , so I get out ' cause we would stop , and then he drive off and desert I , and then this guy with a gun hold I up , take my money , and my phone and he yell at I and he force I to ruin my dress . josh ok , ok , look , um . where be you ? cher Sun Valley . josh man , you owe I . scene xxi - josh' car " the ghost in you " count crow heather the man be ridiculous . he do not have one unique think in he little , puny brain . josh I think there 's some merit in learn the form straight off . scene xxiv - cher' house cher v.o. suddenly , daddy have a case that have to be solve right away , so some clerk and josh come to help he go through a gazillion deposition . ( the doorbell ring ) cher ( from upstairs ) daddy ! what ? cher I can not just open it , I have to make he wait a while . then he can wait outside . cher josh , pleeeaaase ! ( who could resist that ?!) c'mon , josh ? c'mon . ( josh open the door . Christian walk right in ) christian what do ya hear ? josh she 's not ready . ( the two of they walk over to where mel be work ) christian hey , man . ( Christian extend he hand , but mel ignore it ) Nice pile of brick you get here . you drink ? christian no , thanks . I be cool . I be not offer , I be ask you if you drink ? you think I would give alcohol to teenage driver take my daughter out ? christian hey , man . the protective vibe , I dig . what 's with you kid ? you think the death of sammy Davis leave a open in the Rat pack ? ( cher appear walk down the stair . josh and every male in the audience be stunne ) cher Christian . christian doll face . cher handsome . christian stun . josh ( to mel ) you be not let she go out like that , be ya ? cher , get in here . cher what 's up , daddy ? what the hell be that ? cher a dress . say who ? cher calvin klein . it look like underwear . over it . cher duh , I be just go to . go upstairs and put something ( cher run off ) hey , you ?! ( Christian turn around ) anything happen to my daughter , I get a .45 and shovel . I doubt anybody would miss you . ( cher reappear ) cher bye , daddy . c'mon ! ( they walk out ) cher it 's so killer ! christian thank you . you dad be pretty scary . cher be not he ? christian you like billie holiday ? cher I love he . christian right . " miss Brown to you " billie holiday ( they drive off josh I do not like he . what 's to like ? josh I think I should go to the party . if you feel like you should go ... josh you do not need I , do ya ? no , no , josh I mean , no . unless you want ? I mean , unless you want ? josh ! go to the party . go , go , go , go . josh ok . I will watch she for you . ( josh walk off you do that . scene xxv - the frat party " someday I suppose " mighty mighty bosstone ( everyone be just dance . tai enter ) cher tai! ( tai fall down the stair on she butt ! classic ! ) oh , my god. tai , be you ok ? tai God , shit ! that be so embarass ! cher no , no one see . tai now , all night long , I be gonna be know as that girl who fall on she butt . cher tai , no one notice . " where would you go ? " mighty mighty bosstone college guy wow ! be you ok ? that look really bad . tai yeah , thanks . ( tai spot elton dance with amber . ) oh , my God , cher , look . he 's go with amber ?! cher no , he 's probably just dance with she . tai do you think she 's pretty ? cher no , she 's a full on Monet . tai what 's a monet ? cher it 's like a painting , see ? from far away , it 's ok , but up close , it 's a big old mess . let 's ask a guy . Christian , what do you think of amber ? christian hagsville . cher see ? christian dig this . they be charge for brewsky . Cash I a five , I will pay you back . cher sure . ( Christian kiss cher on the cheek ) christian thanks . ( Christian walk away ) tai he be so cute ! cher oh , my God . do you see how he be fall in love with I ? ( the girl watch Christian shrug off a interested girl ) I mean , look how he ignore every other girl . tai oh , God , look . there 's josh . cher v.o . I do not even see he come in , but it 's like he find the only adult in here , like he 's deliberately try to not have fun . ( watch the look on cher 's face as she 's wave . truly legend . ) tai cher , I have a question . what do you think I should do with this thing ? should I , uh , like tie it around , or put it over my shoulder ? cher tie it around you waist . christian ready to slide ? tai thanks . christian let 's go . ( Christian and cher return to the dance floor ) cher v.o. the band be kickin' , and Christian be the hot guy there , but my enjoyment be put on pause when I see how unhappy tai be . ( josh walk over to tai , engage in small talk , then ask she to dance ) cher oh , look , look ! josh be dance with tai , he never dance . christian I can see why . cher no , he 's do she a prop so she will not feel leave out . christian oh , I dig it . ( time pass . cher , tai , josh , and Christian be leave . Christian be still dance by himself ) " here ( squirmel mix ) " luscious Jackson josh how be you guy hold up ? cher we be so ready to leave . tai I be tired . cher let 's get Christian and go . Christian ! you wanna go ? christian now ? this guy here have get the skinny on the happenin ' after hour . cher my trainer 's come really , really early this morning . christian oh. josh look , I could take the girl home . christian no , it 's ok . cher no , I be fine , stay . christian you sure ? cher yeah , sure . christian ( to josh ) thanks , man . you get my marker . ( to cher ) you be a down girl . I will call you tomorrow . scene xxvi - josh' car cher that be really decent of you to dance with tai tonight . josh my pleasure . cher you notice any positive change in she ? josh yeah , it 's under you tutilage she 's explore the challenging world of bare midriff . so you do not want to make a night of it with the ring - a- ding kid ? cher yeah , daddy would not go too ballistic , it 's not like he 's go to sleep or anything . josh no , not if they be go to finish that depo 's . cher hey , you what would be so dope ? if we get some really delicious take - out . I bet they have not eat all night . josh that would be pretty dope of we . let 's do it . scene xxvii - cher' house cher v.o. the midnight snack totally revive the lawyer and daddy be way grateful . mmm , meat ! cher meaty orange and you get a lot of vitamin c. ( mel pick up a large sandwich ) daddy , no ! daddy , no . you know you can not have that ... cher , c'mon ! cher do not be silly . cher v.o. I know it sound mental , but sometimes I have more fun vegging out than when I go party . maybe because my party clothes be so bind . josh look , I be just curious . how many hour a day do you spend groom yourself ? cher some people be not lucky enough to be as naturally adorable as you be . josh stop it , you be make I blush . ( phone ring . cher answer ) cher hello ? gail hi cher , how be you ? cher hi , gail . gail be my son there , clean out you refridgerator ? ( josh motion a " no " to cher ) cher no , no , he 's not here . you should try the dorm . gail alright , bye , hon . cher bye-bye . ( cher hang up the phone ) what be that all about ? josh she want I to come home for spring break . cher so , what 's the big deal ? nobody will be in school . josh yeah , but husband number four 's at home and he whole idea of act like a family be to criticize I . cher so , what ? you be just go to roam around campus for two week all by yourself ? josh I do not mind . cher that be stupid . why do not you just come here , you can have you old room , go to be some great party . josh I do not know . cher why not ? and there be josh you get you whole social world go on , I do not want to get in the way . cher you will not be in the way . josh how much fun would it be have a brother - type tagging along ? cher josh , you be not my brother . josh you know what I mean . cher c'mon , you need some excitement in you life . it will replenish you for you final . josh ok . cher good . josh I can not believe I be take advice from someone who watch cartoon . cher that 's ren and stimpy . they be way existential . josh do you have any idea what you be talk about ? cher no , why ? do I sound like I do ? scene xxviii - cher' house ( theme from " 2001 : a Space odyssey " be play while camera be focus on phone . the phone ring ) cher v.o. Christian say he would call the next day , but in boy time , that mean Thursday . so , you can imagine my astonishment to hear from he while I be pack daddy up . cher hello ? " I believe I be you " gail Orange cher v.o. he say he would come over with some video tape and we would watch they . a night alone with Christian ! I send for reinforcement . then , Dee and I have to design a lighting concept , and costume decision . I do not rely on mirror , so I always take polaroid . whenever a boy come , you should always have something baking . cher oh , I be still all red . dionne well , I be try to make you as white as I can , cher . look , you be all flushed . you have to calm down . ok ? calm . cher you know , I be so glad I never do it with someone I have lukewarm feeling for . Christian be brutally hot , and I be go to remember tonight forever . dionne blot . ( later ) ( the door bell ring . cher open the door ) christian cher christian be something burn ? cher oh , my God ! ( cher run to the kitchen . the bake be fry ) christian oh , honey , you baked . cher I try . christian c'mon , show I the rest of you pad . ( cher and Christian be outside among mel 's art collection ) christian you father have a well - round collection . cher daddy say it 's a good investment . christian he 's absolutely right . klaus oldenberg . cher oh , he 's way famous ! ( Christian approach a different sculpture ) christian this be older , see ? transitional . a very important piece . cher um , do you want to go swim ? christian hmmm , let 's watch the movie . cher oh , ok . ( scene move to Christian and cher lie on bed watch " spartacus " ) cher v.o. Christian have a thing for tony curtis , so he bring over " some like it hot " and " sparaticus " . ( cher start rub she foot up against Christian 's leg . Christian do not enjoy it ) cher my foot be cold . ( Christian put a pillow over cher 's foot ) thanks . christian oh , watch this part , this be good . ( cher fall off the bed while try to look sexy . too funny . ) be you ok ? cher I be fine . do you want some , something to drink ? you know , I could get you some wine . christian no . you notice how wine make people wanna feel , like sexy . cher that 's ok . christian I be actually get tired . cher but , um , I could make you some coffee if you would like ? christian oh , no thanks . get the ulcer . cher but you have all that cappucino before ? christian oh . well , you know , that be , like ... foam . ( they move to the front door ) you be great . we be friend , right ? ( cher nod ) knock I a little kiss . ( cher kiss he on the cheek ) I will see ya. ( Christian leave ) cher v.o. I do not get it . do my hair get flat ? do I stumble into some bad lighting ? what 's wrong with I ? ( nothing ! ) scene xxix - murray' car dionne nothing ! maybe he really be tired ! cher I suppose it be not mean to be , I mean , he do dress better than I do . what would I bring to the relationship ? murray get back into the right lane . what 's the first thing you do ? dionne first thing I do be , I put on my blinker . ( dionne accidently turn the wiper on ) oh , wait , shit . murray watch the road , watch the road ! dionne alright ! stop. in my mirror . murray then , I look ok , then I glance at my blind spot . glance with you head , not the whole car . I swear to God , I swear to God , woman , you can not drive for shit ! dionne I be not try to hear that . murray hear I ... cher actually , go all the way be like a really big decision . I can not believe I be so caprecious about it . Dee , I almost have sex with he . murray you almost have sex with who ? cher Christian . ( Murray crack up ) dionne what ? murray yo , look . be you bitch blind or something ? you man , Christian be a cake-boy ! cher & dionne a what ?! murray he 's a disco -dance , oscar wilde-read , streissand ticket -hold friend of dorothy , know what I be say ? cher uh-uh . no way . murray he 's gay . cher not even . murray yes , even . dionne he do like to shop , cher , and the boy can dress . cher oh , my God . I be totally buggin' . I feel like such a bonehead . murray what the hell ? yo , you be get on the freeway ! dionne what ?! murray yo , turn right ! get out of the lane ! do not go . forget procedure , lane ! ( both cher and dionne scream ) murray truck , truck , truck , truck ! ahhh ! cher ( scream ) you be on the freeway ! just get out of the dionne what do I do , Murray ? murray go straight , go straight , go straight ! just relax and drive , baby ! just relax and drive . ( a old lady give they the finger ) cher ( scream ) shut up ! shut up ! ( lot of scream from everybody ) murray whatever you do , keep you hand on the wheel , at all time ! ( a huge truck close in on they . Murray see it ) aaahhhhh !!! ( a lot more scream from the three ) turn to the right ! oh , there it be . alright , we be off . damn , you do wonderful . sorry , baby . cher you do it , Dee ! murray relax , relax , relax , relax , honey , relax . baby , relax , relax . breathe , breathe , breath in , breathe . let it out . breathe , breathe , breathe , honey , breathe , breath . relax , relax . cher v.o. Boy , get off the freeway make you realize how important love be . after that , dionne 's virginity go from technical to non-exisistant . I realize how much I want a boyfriend of my own . scene xxx - the mall cher v.o. not that Christian be not a blast to hang out with . he be become one of my favourite shopping partner . christian 2222222 ? um , where 's tai ? cher oh , she meet some random guy at the Foot locker and escort they right over there . tai ( in distance ) oh , my God ! do you see ... cher I do not know where she meet this barny . christian I have a question , alright ? cher what ? christian the jacket ? be it James Dean or Jason priestly ? cher carpe ' diem . ok , you look hot in it . christian really ? tai ( with the barny ) if I fall , would you guy catch I ? cher could we please be more ... generic ? ( tai scream ) tai stop it ! please ! bring I back up , please ! bring I back up . ( tai scream a little more , then Christian rescue she ) tai thank you . christian you asshole ! barney # 1 hey , man . we be just joke . christian oh , really ?! someone could get kill . ( tai run over and hug cher ) tai cher , you do not understand . I be just sit there and I be just talk to that guy , and then , all of a sudden , we be laugh , and ... christian hey , be you ok ? tai yeah . christian be you sure ? tai I be fine . yeah , uh-huh . christian let 's get you home for some r&r , huh ? tai what 's that ? ( Christian laugh ) cher v.o. Boy , consider how clueless she be , tai certainly have that " damsel in distress " act down . scene xxxi - school cher v.o. meanwhile , back at school , everyone be talk about tai 's " brush with death " at the mall . student be it , like a montage of all the scene in you life ? tai not exactly a montage ... summer hey , cher ! be it true some gang member , like try to shoot tai in the mall ? cher no. summer that be what everyone be say . cher whatever . student when I be nine , I fall off the jungle gym , that 's when I see this light , you know ? tai wait , wait . move down for cher . dionne hi! amber tell I more , tell I more . tai where be I ? amber you be think about be really important . tai oh , right , right . right before you die , you mind just sort of get very clear . very intense , spiritual thing ... it 's a cher well , I know when I be hold at gun-point ... student Excuse I . ( to tai ) you be say . tai it 's spiritual . I do not know , I can not , I can not pinpoint the spirituality out for you , you know , if you have never experience anything ... scene xxxv - cher' house cher v.o. but now I do not know how to act around he . I mean , ordinarily I would strut around in my cutest little outfit and send myself flower and candy , but I could not do that stuff with josh . ( cher and josh be in the lounge watch t.v. ) josh what 's with you ? cher what do you mean ? josh you be so quiet . you have not make I watch the real world ? cher I care about the news . josh since when ? cher since now . ( t.v. show scene from Bosnia ) josh you look confuse . cher well , uh , I think they declare peace in the Middle East . ( scene change to mel 's de with cher walk past the door in she pyjamas ) cher , get in here ! cher what 's up daddy ? what be you do , dance infront of my office ? cher nothing , I just want to see if you need any help with anything . yeah , you caould help I with something . come over here . every time that you see a telephone conversation that take place on September third , highlight it . just September third . cher ok . fun , huh ? cher ( laugh ) yeah . daddy , do you ever have a problem that you could not argue you way out of ? tell I the problem , and we will figure out how to argue it . cher I like this boy . yes ? cher and he like someone else . how could that be ? cher I do not know , but I feel wretch . well , obviously this boy be a complete moron . you be the most beautiful girl in beverly Hills . and to tell you the truth , I be not sure I want you with a stupid fella like that . cher well , actually he be a smart guy and , you know he 's one of that do - gooder type , and now I feel like all my after-school commitment be just not good enough . how can you say that ? who take care of everyone in this household ? who make sure that daddy eat right ? to tell you the truth , I have not see such good - do since you mother . cher really ? really . now get back to work . scene xxxvi - pismo beach disaster cher v.o. later , while we be learn about the pismo Beach diaster , I decide I need a complete make - over , except this time I would make - over my soul . but what make someone a better person ? and then I realise , all my friend be really good in different way . like , Christian , he always want thing to be beautiful and interesting . or dionne and Murray , when they think no one be watch , be so considerate of each other . and poor miss giest , always try to get we involved , no matter how much we resist ? miss giest oh , it 's just , that do not even show ... you know , every single possesion , every memory , everything you have you whole life ... go in a second . can you imagine what that must feel like ? ( elton raise he hand ) elton ? elton can I use the pass ? miss giest yeah . we will be collect blanket , disposable diaper , can goods ... ( cher raise she hand ) cher miss giest ? miss giest cher ? cher I wanna help . miss giest that would be wonderful . cher v.o. I feel better already . ( back at cher 's house ) cher daddy ? what ? cher you do not like that red caviar , do you ? what 's she talk about ? ( cher start drag a heap of stuff to the front door ) cher , what be you do ? cher I be captain of the pismo Beach disaster relief . I do not think they need you skis . cher daddy , some people lose all they belonging , do not you think that include athletic equipment ? this be you influence , josh ? ( scene change to sign - on stall at school ) " shake some action " cracker cher hey , c'mere . sign up , it 's go to be really fun . ( scene cahnge to indoors ) no , you know what ? can you please take it to bedding ? yes , thank you very much . oh , miss giest , miss giest . miss giest yes , dear ? cher I need more box , they be all fill up . miss giest already ? great ! cher I divide they into entre and apetiser . miss giest oh , ok , I will have they pick up . travis hey . cher proper . this be really decent of you Travis . travis sure . ( cher pick up a bong from Travis ' box . ) I be not sure about that . I do not need it anymore , but far be it from I to deny anyone else , you know ? oh , I want to tell you something , I be sorry about you shoe . cher what shoe ? travis the red one with the strappy thing ? cher oh , that be so last season . what even make you think of they ? travis well , it 's one of my step , you see ? I join this club , and there be this step ... cher twelve ? travis yeah , twelve ! how would you know ? cher Wild guess . travis wow , good guess . ah , also , here . ( Travis hand cher a flyer ) cher ( read ) a.s.l. ? travis ameteur skateboard League . this clarity thing have bring I to , like a whole new level with my skate . you gotta see it . would you come Saturday ? cher sure . travis cool ! cher ( hold up bong ) well , um , I guess , kitchenware ? travis that 's where I use to keep it . scene xxxvii - a.s.l. competition " mullet head " beastie boy ( tai approach cher at the drink stand ) tai hi? cher tai cher , can I talk to you a minute ? cher um , sure . tai look , I have be in agony the past week and I can not even believe that I go off the way I do . cher no , I have be go down a shame spiral . I can not even believe I be so unsupportive of you feeling for josh . tai no , you be entitle to you own opinion , alright ? I be the tart here . cher , you have be nothing but super - duper nice to I . cher not even . if it be not for I , you would not have even like that loser , elton . I be so sorry , tai . tai cher , I be really sorry . oh , shit . now I be go to go ahead and cry . cher let 's never fight again , ok ? ( cher and tai hug . Travis be announce on the p.a. ) PA next up , number fourteen , Travis berkenstock . ( the girl sit down , excitedly giggle and point to Travis . ) tai alright Travis ! cher I have no idea he be so motivate . tai oh , I do . cher v.o. when I see the spark between tai and Travis , I know josh be out of the picture . scene xxxviii - cher' house josh you look like pippi longstock . cher well , you look like forrest gump . who 's pippi longstock ? josh someone mel Gibson never play . cher funny . ( cher let she hair down , and josh be dumbfounded by she beauty ) lawyer what happen to the August 28th file ? josh hmm , what ? lawyer mel want they tonight , there be twice as many . he 's gonna go ballistic , where be they ? cher I think I check they for the September third conversation . lawyer what ? josh where would you put they ? cher I divide they into two pile . be that wrong ? lawyer oh , my God . I have to redo all that . what be you , some kind of idiot ? josh hey , she do not know . lawyer she just set we back a day . who care about the September call ? now we be screw ! cher I be sorry . lawyer just forget it , ok ? just go back to the mall or something . ( cher run out of the room ) josh what 's you problem , man ? she do not mean any harm . lawyer I be gonna get kill because she 's a moron . josh she 's not a moron . you know , if you be pay attention to you assignment , it would not have happen . lawyer well , if you have not be play footsy with the dumb kid , she would not be bother I . josh what the hell be you talk about ?! lawyer you know exactly what I be talk about . josh , this be a multi-million dollar law suit , not some excuse for puppy-love . josh look , we have be work we butt off on this case ! lawyer well , tell you what ? you do whatever you want with you butt , I be call in sick . ( lawyer leave while josh slam the door behind he . cher be sit at the top of the stair ) cher do I really ruin daddy 's law suit ? josh no . ( josh move up to sit beside cher ) of course not . cher well , do I set he back ? I mean , there 's so much work to be do , and he can not afford to lose that time . josh do not worry about it , I will take care of it . you father will not lose any time . can you imagine the nerve of that guy ? I mean , make you worry like that , and yet , he 's the one that screw up and then he go and blame we . imagine say we be ... you know ? cher that 's right , you have be very dedicated to this case . josh yeah , well , it 's a good learn experience , at least for I , I want to be a lawyer . but you , I mean , you do not need to be do this . go out and have fun , go shopping . cher you think that 's all I do , I be just a ditz with a credit card ? josh no , no , ah , that 's not what I mean . ( josh just stutter a bit , look for the right word ) you be young and beautiful ... and ... cher and ? josh and , well , uh , what ? cher you think I be beautiful ? ( yes , yes !!!! for the love of GOD , yes !!!!) josh you know you gorgeous , alright ? and popular , and , um , and ... but this be not why I , you know , I come here . this be a good learn experience for I . cher you already say that . josh mel , I wanna help out mel . he 's the only one who care about I . cher that 's not true . josh he 's not ? be you say you care about I ? cher josh . ( cher go to hit he shoulder , but he catch she with a kiss . good move ! ) ( both like it . so they try again . ) cher v.o. well , you can guess what happen next . scene xxxix - the wedding cher v.o. as if ! I be only sixteen , and this be California , not kentucky . ( Mr. Hall and miss giest get marry ) tai I know , that when I have my own wedding , I want this , like whole entire floral motif , very floral garlen ... floral dress . dionne no , no , no , no . when I get marry , I be gonna have a sailor dress , but it 's go to be a gown , and all my bridesmaid be gonna wear sailor hat ... with vail . tai that sound so cool . murray oh , my God . they be plan we wedding already . could you all stop all that to death do we part mumbo-jumbo . I be tell ya , man , I be completely buggin ' . josh I be buggin ' myself . ( miss stoeger run on the scene ) miss stoeger Girls ! she 's about to throw the bouquet , c'mon ! ( miss stoeger , dionne and tai run off ) josh ( to cher ) look , we get a pool go to see who 's girl get the bouquet . it 's up to two hundred dollar . cher it 's in the bag . " tenderness " General Public ( all the girl be jump around wait for the bouquet . miss giest / Mrs . Hall throw it amongst they . the bouquet exchange hand and they all fall down . classic scene ! cher end up with it . ) ( cher and josh kiss . it 's the one scene that I will never get out of mind for the rest of my life . simply awesome lip - lock ! ) end credit " need you around " smoke pope ( sheesh ! finally . well , I hope you enjoy the script . now be sure to go and watch it repeatedly . if you have already do so , watch it again ! bye - bye ! ) if you know of any script error , soundtrack detail , or any other suggestion about the script , then please email I at pacey578@rocketmail.com . the end