prod . # 02119 coal miner' daughter screenplay by thomas rickman base on the Book '' Loretta lyin : coal miner 's daughter '' by loretta lynn with GEORGE vecsey — please note — this material be the property of universal studio , and 1s intended solely for use by studio personnel . distribution to unauthor - ized person !s$ prohibited . my cn #02119 coal miner' daughter pade in ext . butcher holler , ky . - day ( title . begin ) 1 down a mountain trail Loretta webb , 13 , ride a mule , which be pull a little wooden sled . on the sled be she brother herman , 10 , with a glob of white salve on he forehead . int . van lear coal mine - day 2 pitch black except for the miner ' headlamps . Ted webb , 40 , drill a hand auger into the coal face . powder be tapped in -- " Fire in the hole ! " -- and explosion . miner crawl back through the dust and shovel coal into a mule cart . a fore - man shout " payday today , let 's go ! " " the miner shovel faster , ext . ridge above van lear mine - day 3 Loretta and herman move down the ridge toward the mine . ext . mouth of the mine - day 3 - a a dozen miner come out of the mine , include Ted . his trousers be tear at the knee , which bleed slightly . ext . road leading from mine - day Loretta and herman be wait for Ted as he come down the road . loretta hi , daddy -- boy , look at you knee , daddy . why be not you a- wearin’ you kneepad ? ted aw , loretty , that ol ' shaft be so low , if you wear you kneepad , you skin you back . do not wear ‘em , you skin you knee , ( grin ) wear ‘em tomorrow , I reckon . give my back a turn . they continue on down the road . cs # 02119 2 ext . road through van lear coal camp - day 4 - a a muddy red jeep fly over the rut toward the company store , drive by a young soldier with a plump , sexy girl beside he . the jeep careen into the storefront drive cause several miner to leap out of the way , laugh and cussing . ext . road from mine approaching store - day 4 - B Ted look at the salve on herman 's forehead . the little boy 's jaw be clench tightly shut . ted what you so sull up about , herman ? what 's that stuff on you head ? loretta herman 's scared to open he mouth . we be playin ' up by prod bottom and a ol ' green snake bit he right on the head . daddv , be not it true that if a green snake bite you , you laugh yourself to death ? ted that 's what I always hear . loretta that thing bit herman two hour ago . he 's be clampin ' he jaw shut ever since so he will not start laughin' . Ted look at herman and smile to himself . Loretta sidle up to herman and say quietly : loretta be careful , herman . one little smile 's liable to start it . and you would just never stop . herman glower furiously at she . they be approach --- ext . company store - day 5 the young soldier ~- doolittle Lynn , 19 -- hold forth cockily from the jeep as the girl , lizzie , look on . the other listen as a jar of moonshine make the round . continued ps 5 #02119 3 continued doolittle boy , there be not no place this thing can not take I -- no gully she can not jump , no creek she can not ford , no hill she can not climb . first miner by God , I know one thing you can not climb -- that heap of red - dog past the mine up yonder . doolittle Hell , buddy , I can climb that damn mess backwards . ted ( go up step with the kid ) you boy watch you language with this child here . doolittle salute apologetically ; lizzie giggle . Ted glower and continue on to the pay window which be part of the store . he get in line . Loretta hang back , listen . doolittle who want to bet I I can not climb that red-dog ? second miner backward , you say ? doolittle Hell , yeah , backwards ! ( to Loretta ) ' scuse I , little girl . backward , right up to the top -- I get fifty dollar say I can do it ! who will bet I ? the other boisterously get up the money . doolittle grin and wink at Loretta . fluster , she run to Ted who be at the pay window get pay in scrip . ted come on now . let 's get in the store and give the company they money back . frown in doolittle 's direction , Ted go into the store . Loretta watch interestedly as doo loudly cover all bet ( ad lib ) . then she go in the store . # 02119 4 int . company store - day Loretta watch the action outside through the front window . Ted be at the counter with the storekeeper . ted who 's that soldier boy out yonder struttin ' like a banty rooster ? storekeeper that 's ol ' man Red Lynn 's boy , doolittle . come back from the army just as wild as a hearthern . that Germany war 's just ruint this mountain -- boy come back here do not want to do nothin ' but cut shine and act wild . ted he will calm down some when they slap a coal shovel in he hand . that sear ~ roebuck I order come in yet ? storekeeper nod and move off to the rear . Loretta watch as out front doolittle 's jeep race off toward the mine , the other scramble after on foot , she eye glow with subdued excitement . Ted note this . ted loretty -- get you a can of vy-anny for you and herman . her face light up ; she instantly forget doo and the jeep and get a can of Vienna sausage from the shelf . the storekeeper return with a large brown mail - order package . loretta ( eagerly ) what 's that , daddy ? Ted grin and say nothing . ext . the pile of red - dog - day at the foot of the smolder heap of waste doo revs he jeep as lizzie and the other watch . a few of they be buy jar of moonshine from a man in a clump of tree nearby -- Lee rainey , with a mule load down with bag of shine . see Ted , Loretta , and herman approach -- the mule -sl load with grocery and the large package -- he wave and shout : lee hey , cousin Ted ! come here and get in on this bet -- it 's a sure thing . continued ps #02119 5 continued 7 lee ( cont would ) o1 ' doolittle never get up there without rollin ' over and killin ' hisself ! Ted come up , nod . Lee grin at Loretta . she grin back but be more interested in doo and the jeep . doo roar backwards up the red-dog pile , get a little way , slip , slide , spin wildly -- shower burn ash on the spectator who scatter laugh . then , just as he 's about to tip over , the tire catch and the jeep seem to spurt to the top of the mound . the crowd cheer as doo pose triumphantly . lee ( whooping ) lord-a-mercy -- that sumbuck doolittle do not know what quit mean , do he ? ted ( dryly ) he sure go to a lot of trouble to get on top of a heap of trash . but Loretta be watch with bright , excited eye .... ext . webb cabin - butcher holler - day 8 as Ted and the kid climb toward the cabin more kid burst from the house and run toward they -- junior , 16 ; Jack , 12 ; Peggy Sue , 6 ; Donald Ray , 9 . at the door be Clara , 35 , hold Betty Ruth , 11 month . the kid converge on the package as Loretta race to a wooden well and begin draw a bucket of water . ted you young 'un take that stuff in - side -~ and do not open that package till I get there . they rush inside with supplies . Loretta empty the water into a batter wash pan and Ted wash the coal dust off he face and hand . Loretta wait with a towel . int . cabin - live room - day 9 the kid look on eagerly as Ted open the package . Clara -- " mommie " -- look on from the kitchen door , hold the baby . continued pps 10 11 #02119 6 continued 9 the package be open -- new shoe . kid gasp happily and clamour for they . clara y'all kid hush -- you be not a- touchin ' they new shoe ' till you wash they dirty foot . the kid all slam out of the house toward the well . Ted stop Loretta . ted wait a minute , loretty -- try this on first . he take a blue dress with little flower out of the package . Loretta gasp happily -- race into the bedroom to try it on . clara they other gonna be wantin ' to know why she 's a-gettin ' treat so special . ted loretty 's thirteen , clary . she orta have she one dress that be not make out of no flour sack . int . bedroom - day - loretta 10 she undress to she homemade underclothes . on the wall of this room she share with she parent , be plaster newspaper and magazine page -- with sepia photo of Loretta Young , Gregory peck , Clark gable , scarlett o'hara , visible . the other kid be hear pound back inside as she pull on the new dress , thrilled and excited . int . live room - the kide 11 put on they new shoe , walk around look at they foot , etc . Loretta enter in she new dress -- a size too big . ted well , looky here . right pretty , be not it , mommie ? clara I reckon she will grow into it fast enough . continued jm il 12 13 14 #02119 7 continued will jack how come she 's a-gettin ' a new dress ? ted loretty 's a woman , Jack . woman get to have pretty thing to wear . herman aw , she be not no woman . she just a dad - burn kid . herman laugh -- the other kid join in . loretta you be a-laughin ' , herman . reckon that 's true about the green snake after all . horrify , herman remember he snakebite . Loretta laugh and run into the bedroom . int . bedroom - loretta 12 look at herself in a tarnish mirror , primp in she too - large dress , pull the loose material as tightly across she fledgle bosom as she can . omitted 13 ext . ridge overlooking butcher holler - sunset 14 Lee rainey be work he moonshine still . hear a noise in the bush , he snatch up a rifle . doolittle ( from bush ) Lee rainey ! it 's doolittle Lynn . lee come on in here , doo . I 'se just about to blast you one . ( get a jar ) here , take you a sip . Rest you - self . ' member when you use to work for I , doo ? sellin ' 's my goods dow not the mine ? doolittle I ' member you use to pay I a nickle ever jug I sell . continued jm 14 #02119 pause . continued 14 lee how would you like to come back and work for I again ? doolittle not for no nickel a jug . lee I be talkin ' about real money , doo . Business be good , see . I be sellin’ more whiskey than I can make . doolittle yeah , I hear you be stealin' whiskey from they boy over in greasy Creek . lee aw , just when I run shy of my own . they become aware of sing in the distance -- a girl 's voice , young , clear , sing a mournful ballad : " in the pine . " both man freeze and listen . lee that 's my little cousin , loretty webb . she sit down there on she daddy 's porch , a-singin ' she little sister to sleep . I be up here workin ' and hear she and I think , Lord , let I die if angel sing that sweet ... : ( beat ) I be fixin ' to make I another run on greasy Creek . you get that jeep , you know how to use a gun , and you need you a job . I '11 go fifty - fifty with you . doolittle sound like a good way to get kill to I . lee doo , of 1 l ' uncle nat ramey use to say , if you bear in the mountain , you get three choice : coal mine , moon - shine , or move it on down the line . doolittle ( get up ) I be not sayin ' no . but I gotta study on it first . he give back the jar and go into the wood . jm 15 16 #02119 9 ext . ridgeside - sunset be doo look down into the holler at Loretta in the porch swing with the baby , sing . he stand listen , thoughtfully , to the sad ballad .... int . webb kitchen - early morning 16 Loretta tune a old battery - power philco radio : Ernest tubb 's " '' walkin ' the floor over you . " at the table Clara upturn she coffee cup into the saucer and " read " the grounds as Loretta watch . the baby cry in a homemade cradle . Ted come in hold he head in pain ; a bloody handkerchief to he nose . ted do not run the battery down on that radio , loretty -- can not afford no new one . loretta you get one of you bad headache , daddy ? clara I will mix you up some medicine --- ted it do not do no good , nothin ' do . just this family weakness , have to suffer it . clara take the baby out and rock she , loretty . loretta ( get baby ) what do you see in the grounds , mommie ? clara woman cryin ' . a man cryin ' , too . loretta who be they ? what be they cryin ' about ? ted clary , I swear it 's bad enough you bein 's a ol ' squaw medicine woman without makin ' loretty one , too . continued kt 16 17 18 18- a 19 20 #02119 10 continued 16 clara she 's indian much as I . we can see thing other folk can not . take the baby on out , loretty . nlook back at grounds ) some bad time comin ' .... ted do not need no fortune teller to know that . ext . cabin - front porch - early morning 17 Loretta in the porch swing , sing to the baby : " I come to the garden alone , etc . " her clear voice soar up the ridge in the still morning air .... ext . ridgeside - early morning 18 Lee rainey on the run , pull a mule load with steal whiskey . his pistol in he hand , he look behind he desperately . then , hearing Loretta 's voice , he stop , smile . a twig snap spin he around in terror --- point of view - lee rainey - early morning 18 - a the sun shine down through the tree ... shadowy figure among they ... one of they raise a rifle .... ext . cabin - porch - early morning 19 Loretta , sing , hear a shot ~- then a volley of shot . on the ridge a flock of crow caw raucously . Loretta peer up the ridgeside . silence . emptiness . she stand on the porch , clutching the baby , look up , curious and frighten . ext . cabin yard - day - lee rainey' dead face 20 the face be cake with blood and dirt , the body riddled with continued kt 20 20 - a 21 #02119 il continued 20 bullethole . a old woman wail piteously nearby , pace up and down . the body be carry into the yard by several man , include doolittle . they lay the body on the-grass as Ted , Red Lynn , relative and neighbor look on . doolittle he want I to go with he . I should have go , I might could of help he .... other say nothing ; stare at the body . ext . the porch ~ day ~ loretta and clara 20 - a Loretta cower in Clara 's arm , stare at the body . her eye meet doolittle 's briefly ; then Clara lead she inside . ext . yard ~ day - around the body 21 doolittle look up and see Loretta ; they eye meet briefly . then Clara lead she back inside . red lynn maybe we orta get we gun and go visit greasy Creek . ted ( shake he head ) it be not nothin ' but Lee 's craziness cause this . have not a'been this , it would be another thing . red lynn ( to doolittle ) good thing you be not still a-workin ' for he , son . ' you would be layin ' there aside he . ( beat ) ' course if you would be workin ' for continued kt 21 21 - a 22 23 #02119 12 continued 21 red lynn ( cont would ) Lee at least you would a-been workin ' somewhere . '' af Red cackle ; the other frown . doo look thoughtfully at the corpse . ' - . int . coal mine 21 - a explosion : smoke clear . a miner crawl through it : it be doolittle . he begin shovel coal into the mule cart . he look trap and frustrated . ext . one -room schoolhouse - late afternoon 22 wintertime ; a light coat of snow on the little school . Inside it 's brightly decorate for Christmas . a fiddle and banjo and guitar play " cumberland gap . " several horse be tie outside . doo drive up in he jeep , park , go in . int . schoolhouse - late afternoon 23 a cakewalk in progress ( like musical chair ) , with Loretta play . doo enter and spot she right away ; she be very pretty in she new dress -- which now fit nicely . doo decide he 's go to meet she . he amble near a table with several pie on it , with name card . one be Loretta 's . nearby , a churchwoman be talk distraughtly to the teacher , a sour-face chain -smoke man . churchwoman preacher bank be suppose to auction off this pie for the girl , but he 's sick and I can not do it --- teacher well , I sure be not get time to auction no pie ! besides , if they girl want a boy to eat a continued kt # 02119 13 23 continued 23 teacher ( cont would ) pie with ‘em , they will do it auction or not ! he stalk off . churchwoman look desperate . doolittle hey , lady ? i'11 auction off you pie for you . churchyvioman ( great relief ) you will ? the Lord will bless you for this , son . doolittle ( glance at Loretta ) maybe he will . never can tell . 24 angle ~ the auction - later ~ doolittle 24 at the pie table . doolittle six bit , six bit , who will gimme a dollar -- dollar once , dollar twice -- sell to the man for a dollar . he 's enjoy be center of attention . a boy collect a pie and a girl , and doo pick up Loretta 's pie . she watch nearby , blush . doolittle get one more leave , a chocolate pie here , belong to Loretta webb -- who 's gonna bid first ? a large boy name flop Murphy . look bashfully at Loretta and -~- flop I bid two bit . doolittle two bit ? man , that 's a insult . who will start it off for a dollar ? continued pl 24 #02119 14 continued 24 flop ( wait ; no one bid ) I guess I get it then . doolittle I bid a dollar . flop you the auctioneer -- you be not suppose to bid . doolittle dollar once , dollar twice --- flop ( hastily ) hey -- dollar and a dime ! doolittle Three dcllar . flop that be not fair -- he 's cheatin ' ! as doo say " once , twice , " flop ° Three and a dime ! doolittle Three seventy - five . flop ( in agony ) Three seventy ... seven . doolittle five dollar . flop flop heavily into a chair , stunne . doolittle once , twice , sell to Mr. doolittle Lynn for five dollar . crowd applaud ; doo claim the pie and Loretta -- slightly daze , blush furiously -- and gc to a corner where he cut a piece with a pocket knife . loretta ( rattling nervously ) ai not nobody ever pay five dollar for a pie before , I bet . mommie say , continued pl 24 25 #02119 15 continued - 2 24 loretta ( cont would ) girl , be not nobody gonna buy a pie off you cause everybody know you can not cook no better and a day - old heifer . wait will I tell she , she just gonna die ! five dollar ! she watch expectantly as doo take a large mouthful . as. he chew , he eye bug out , he choke , he get to he foot and look around desperately . Loretta watch in alarm as he frantically throw open a window , thrust he head out and spew out the pie . he then grab a pitcher of lemonade and wash he mouth out . doolittle you make a lotta chocolate pie before ? loretta ( nervously ) not too many ... ' cept for that one . doolittle how much salt do you recipt call for ? loretta shoot , you do not use no salt in a chocolate pie -- just sugar , and ( beat ) oh , no .... doolittle guess you get ‘em mix up . under - standable , they both bein ' white and all . loretta ( moan ) oh , no ...! you gotta get you five dollar back . doolittle I do not want no five dollar back . I just want you . ( she look alarmed ) I mean , I want to take you home . ext . schoolhouse - late afternoon 25 doo lead Loretta to he jeep . continued pl 25 25 - a #02119 16 continued 25 doolittle no use walkin ' when you can ride . get in . loretta ( look at jeep nervously ) I be not gettin’ in that thing . doolittle you be not never even ride in a car before , have you ? I be damn . loretta ( embarrassed ) that thing be not no car anyway -- look like something ' come from Mars . doolittle what do you know about Mars ? Bet you be not never be past the foot of the holler . come on , get in --- loretta I say I be not gettin ' in that thing and I be not ! you just walk it home if vou think so much of it ! doolittle ( slightly take back ) whoo . you pie be not the only thing salty about you , be they ? let 's walk then . ext . trail above van lear mine - night 25 - a they walk , doo hold a pine-torch . below they the mine be brightly light as the night shift work . doolittle I have my eye on you a long time . I tell myself , sooner or later I and that little gal 's gonna get together . . Loretta , thrilled , grope desperately for a response , but nothing come out . doo go on . doolittle you be different from the rest of ‘em around here . special . like I . the kind of person that 's gotta have more out of life . continued om '' ps 25 - a 26 #02119 continued 17 25-a loretta .-- more what ...? doolittle more and what Butcher holler 's get to offer . ( indicate mine ) more and this . loretta ( try to flirt ) I see you , too . in that little ol ' soldier suit . I think , he look just like a little toy soldier . doolittle ( angry ) listen here -- I join the army to feed my mamma and nine brother and sister . I go ashore at d~ Day plus four and I 'se in combat till the day the war end . I be not no little toy soldier , lady . frightened by this outburst , Loretta draw back . doo glower at she a moment , then grin . they walk on . exterior - approaching webb cabin - night 26 they walk slowly toward the light of the cabin . doolittle the army show I it 's a whole big world out yonder -- and I be not about to spend my life bury in no damn coal mine . ai not a damn bit of future in it . that 's what I be interested in -- the future . what 's you plan for the future ? loretta ai not get none that I know of . ( beat ) you sure cuss a lot , do not you ? doolittle yeah . cuss , drink , and chase after wild woman . suddenly he pull she toward he ; she 's alarmed . continued ps 26 27 #02119 18 continued 26 loretta what be you doin ' -- doolittle fixin ' to kiss you goodnight . you ever be kiss before ? she have not ; quickly decide she like it . they do it again . they break , doo grin , hand she the torch , she awkwardly run for the cabin . . doolittle I will bring my jeep up here and take you for a ride . loretta ( breathless ) you will never get that thing up the holler . doolittle there be not nothin ' I can not do , once I put my mind to it . she smile uncertainly , rush into the cabin . please with himself , doo turn jauntily and smack into a fence post , careen downhill through bush and stone , splashes into a small , rushy creek where he lie moan but happy . ext . webb cabin - day 27 Clara , make lye soap ; Loretta dreamily add wood to the fire beneath the rendering kettle . Ted be plow with the mule in the garden , a shout from down the holler '. ( from junior ) : '' Stranger comin ' up ! " follow by a shout from herman a little closer ; '' Stranger comin ' ! " everybody stop work and look toward the trail : a faint sound , a engine strain uphill ... Loretta recognize it 's doo 's jeep , she face light up ... the rest of the family look puzzle , a little frighten , as the sound get louder and closer ... suddenly herman and junior burst through the foliage into the yard yel - ling and point behind they where --- doolittle 's jeep seem to leap out of the foliage and into the yard . he stop proudly , he face bruise and cut from last night 's accident . doolittle told you I could make it up here . now you be gonna take a ride with I ! continued 27 28 29 30 #02119 19 - continued 27 Loretta excitedly clamber in -- and doo roar off instantly , before Ted and Clara can make a move or speak . Ted be furious . several angle - the jeep - day ~ 28 Loretta hang on , frighten and excited , as doo speed down the bumpy mountain trail . she look at he batter face . loretta what happen -- be you in a fight ? doolittle yeah -- I and this fence post get into it . loretta what ? doo just laugh . they speed up a steep mountain road , pass slow - move coal truck ; through the drab street of Van lear now decorate for Christmas , with people stare . Loretta get more and more excited and breathless until : ext . edge of a cliff - day - the jeep 29 screech to a halt . Loretta look down at the drop , excited , dizzy . doo grab she and kiss she . loretta I can not breathe ... I feel like I be a-gonna faint .... doolittle that 's how you be suppose to feel when you be in love . loretta it be ...? they kiss again ; she throw she arm around he passionately . int . cabin - live room - night - ted 30 sit grimly , a willow switch in he hand , watch the door . Clara and the other child be all there , wait ... Loretta come in . stop guiltily , see they : continued my 30 #02119 20 continued 30 ted where you be , loretty ...? loretta doolittle ... take I ridin ' .... ted you just run off . do not ask or nothin ' .... he begin switch she around the leg ; she whimper and try to hop out of the way ; the other child scatter . Ted have tear in he eye , hat what he 's do . finish , he break the switch and go into he bedroom . Loretta be draw up in a corner , rub she leg , sobbing . clara ( to other child ) y'all get to bed -- right now . they quickly vanish . Clara examine the welt on Loretta 's leg . clara ( continue } do not you know he would rather cut he arm off than to whip you ? what do you mean , runnin ' off like that with that wild boy ? lorette ( sobbing ) I love he , mommie . clara . - ( angrily ) you do not do no such thing . i'11 mix you some salve for you leg . nstart for kitchen ) you stay away from doolittle , Lynn -- or I will give you worse what you daddy do . Clara exit . Loretta sniffles miserably , but a faint look of defiance be in she eye . int . cabin - live room - night - christmas eve 31 the family sit listen as Clara read the nativity story continued my 31 32 #02119 21 continued 31 from the Bible ( luke 2 ff ) . Loretta hear doo 's jeep pull up outside ; then he footstep on the porch and knock on the door . she watch Ted nervously as he answer . doolittle evenin ' Mr. webb. loretty here ? ted we be havin ' we family Christmas , doolittle . doolittle yessir . I just bring this present for Loretta , and if she will step out here . I will just give it to she and go . Ted hesitates , then nod . Loretta run eagerly onto the porch as Clara resume read . ext . front porch - night 32 they kiss . doo give she a package -- she open it -~ it contain a large doll baby . loretta ( angrily ) what be you givin’ I this for ? you think I be just a little kid or something ' ? doolittle that 's just for now . ' loretta what do you mean ? doolittle I mean by next Christmas , I and you will have we a real little doll . she look confuse . doolittle I and you be gonna be marry pretty soon . continued my 32 33 34 #02119 22 continued 32 he kiss she , grin , jump off the porch and run back to he jeep . Loretta stand incredulous , hold the doll ... Inside Clara continue read the Bible . ext . mountainside behind cabin - day - ted 33 lead the male and sled ; Loretta follow with a carbide lamp . int . coal bank . 34 a vein of coal in the mountainside which family have tunnelle into over the year for they private coal . Loretta hold the lamp while Ted chop the coal . everything be black except they two face , close together . ted ( after a moment ) loretty , you know I do not like to boss you , do not you ? but I get to , now . loretta daddy --- ted just lemme talk . I do not want you to see doolittle no more . you promise I that . loretta I can not , daddy . ted ( chopping at the coal ) you be just a little girl . he 's a grow - up man -- a wild one . loretta I love he , daddy -- he 's a-wantin ' I to marry he . ted ( shocked ) you be not even fourteen yet . y'all be not even know each other a month --- loretta I know , but I just love he . continued my 34 35 #02119 23 continued 34 ted Lord , Lord , do not do this , loretty -- do not throw all you young year away . I work hard all my life , get very little to show for it except you . you be my pride , girl , my shinin ' pride --- loretta ( tearfully ) I just can not help it , daddy --- Ted can not speak ; chop at coal face , jaw clench shut . int . webb cabin - night - the whole family 35 assemble . Loretta aloof from the other , sad and depressed . Ted tune the philco to a familiar voice : radio from the ryman auditorium in Nashville , Tennessee , this be the solemn o1 ' judge speakin ' and this be the Grand ole opry -- let ‘er rip , boy ! Bill Monroe and he bluegrass boy cut loose with " Blue Moon of kentucky . " Ted clap he hand , try to cheer Loretta up . ted get up and do you squaw dance , mommie ~- see if you can not get a smile out of ol 's sourpuss here --- Clara hesitates , then throw down she sewing and do a energetic hoedown . the other clap and shout . Ted watch Loretta but she remain sadly aloof . suddenly , the door open and doolittle step in , awkwardly . everything stop . doolittle I knock , but reckon y'all could not hear I . Loretta run to he , instantly happy . Ted look at she ; some - _ thing seem to drain out of he . he click off the radio and go out onto the porch . Clara go into the kitchen . doolittle look like I break up the party . loretta ( take he hand ) do not matter . come here and sit down --- the other kid begin to giggle . continued my o~ 35 ao 36 ~~ #02119 24 continued 35 loretta y'all get outta here or I be gonna smack the tar outta ever one of you ! they scatter in various room , sniggering and smirk . doolittle ( as they sit on the sofa ) look here at this . he pull out a wad of money . loretta my gosh -~ where would you get all that ? doolittle paycheck . be savin 's them . you know what tomorrow be ? we anni - versary . Loretta spot herman make a face around the corner . loretta herman , I be gonna kill you ! she leap up and smack he hard , chase he around the room until he can escape into the kitchen . then she return to the sofa , loretta what be you a-sayin ' , doo ? doolittle I say tomorrow be we anniversary -- we meet a month ago tomorrow . I think it would be a good day for we to get marry . specially since I just get all this money . loretta ( stunne ) you will ... you will have to ask daddy .... doo nod and go out on the porch . ext . porch - night - ted 36 he be hunkere on the step , smoking a cigarette . doo come up . doolittle uh , Mr. webb ...? I be fixin ' to marry loretty . if it 's all right with you . tomorrow . continued ps 36 37 38 39 40 #02119 25 continued 3 € ted {also stunne ; long pause ) go ask clary . int . live room - night 's ~ loretta 37 watch as doo come back in and cross to the kitchen . int . kitchen - night - clara 38 sit read the coffee grounds in she saucer . doolittle miz webb , I and loretty want to get marry , tomorrow . clara ( pause ) go ask ted. int . live room - night - loretta 39 she see doo cross back out to the front porch . her brother and sister continue torment she as she wait in suspense . after a moment doo come back and start for the kitchen again . loretta doolittle , what be you doin ? doolittle aw , Ted say ask Clara and Clara say ask Ted and --- loretta come here . just sit down and wait till they go to bed , then you can catch them together . else , they will keep you runnin ' back and forth all night . doo sit with a sigh . int . bedroom - night - later ~ doo and loretta 40 they be half asleep on the couch when Ted and Clara finally start get ready for bed . when they be both under the cover , doo come to the doorway . continued ps 40 41 #02119 26 continued 40 doolittle mister - miz webb , I know how you feel . everything 's happen real fast . and I know she 's young , and I know how much y'all love she . but the deal be , I love she , too -- as much you do . I see a lot of the world and I grow up pretty fast , but the minute I see Loretta , I know she be all I would want in this life . and I swear to you -- I will bust my back workin’ to make she happy . clara reckon you be set on it , no matter what we say . doolittle I do not wanna go against y'all , miz webb , but ... yeah . we be set on it . ted you promise I two thing , boy . do not you never hit she . and do not you take she off far from home . doolittle I promise you that . he go . through the door he can be see kissing Loretta good night . then she come in to get ready for bed . loretta mommie , daddy -- I be so happy I do not think I be gonna be able to sleep ! ( silence ) be y'all still awake ? a odd , muffle sound from they bed ; both be cry softly . Loretta stand in the dark , listen . int . courthouse - paintsville , ky . - day 41 a judge perform the ceremony in the cold empty courtroom . Angie Lynn , doo 's mother be there , a few other , but no Clara or Ted . as the ceremony go on , Loretta look around for they . Ted come in at last , do not sit , lean on the wall at the rear . continued ps 41 42 43 44 402119 27 continued 41 judge who give this woman to be wed ? Loretta look around at Ted . after a long pause , he nod , once . judge {to doo ) do you have the ring ? doolittle I be not get no ring , judge . judge pronounce they man and wife . they kiss . Loretta look up just in time to see Ted duck out the door .... ext . chandler' tourist cabin ~- night 42 doo 's jeep with a canvas cover pull up in front of one of the plain wood cabin . he and Loretta jump out -- it 's freezing cold -- and dash for the door . int . the room - night - doo 43 he go to a radiator and turn it on . Loretta in a teddy bear coat stand shiver . doo flip open he suitcase . doolittle she will warm up in a minute . hey -- I get a present for you from mama . he toss she a nightgown , then go into the bathroom . shiv - ering with fear and cold , she sit on the radiator , clutching the nightgown . hear the toilet flush , she look mortify . in a moment doo come out in he undershirt and army skivvy . she quickly avert she eye . doolittle ( indicate bathroom ) go on and get ready for bed , baby . she nod numbly and go in as doo turn back the bed . int . bedroom - night - later 44 the light be out , doo wait in bed , she step cautiously out of the bathroom , in the nightgown , and get into bed . doo embrace she , then : continued ps 44 46 46 - a #02119 28 continued 44 doolittle mlaugh , say tenderly ) Loretta ? you be not suppose to put you nightgown on over you clothes . loretta I be freezin ' , doo. doolittle ( patiently ) go on back in the bathroom and take off everything but you gown . go on , now . embarrass , she go . int . bathroom - night 45 she click on the light and we see how completely scared she be , she dutifully remove all clothing from beneath she gown . int . bedroom - night 46 she come and get into bed again . doo move .... loretta doo -- hey , do not , that --- doolittle take it easy now , just relax --- loretta no --- doolittle relax , now -- first time 's a little rough sometimes . just hang on . she struggle . sound of gown be rip ~- throw out of bed on the floor . it be a rape . ext . tourist cabin - morning - doo 46 - a with a breakfast tray , slip in the snow , go into --- ps 47 #02119 29 int . bedroom - morning - loretta 47 sit in bed in she teddy bear coat , miserable . the door open and doo come in with a tray which he bring to she . she look at the congeal ham and egg . loretta this stuff 's cold . doolittle that 's because by the time I can carry it back here from the restau - rant , it 's damn near froze . from now on , you be goin ' with I . loretta I be not goin ' in that restaurant , have all they people lookin ' at I , knowin ' what we be doin ' in here . doolittle Hell 's bell , Loretta , you think this be somethin' the rest of the world be not catch on to yet ? they do not give a damn . ( soften ) aw , look , baby . I tell you the first time be a little rough . loretta sure do not seem like it be rough on you . doolittle well you better learn to like it . because that 's what marriage be all about . loretta I be not never gonna like you gettin’ on I and a-sweatin ' and --- he slap she ; she jerk back , more startle than hurt . loretta you promise daddy you would not hit I and look at you already ! doolittle aw , hell . I be sorry . but you drive I to it . loretta you be pushin ' I too fast ! you just gotta gimme a little time , that 's all . continued ps 47 48 49 49 - a #02119 30 continued 47 she get up and storm into the bathroom , slamm the door . dispiritedly , doo jab at the congeal egg yolk with a fork . int . coal mine - day - doo 48 sit slump against the wall ; finish a sandwich , start another . Three other miner nearby . first miner ol ' doo must be pregnant . he 's be eatin ' enough for two lately . second miner Hell , doo do not need to have no baby . he marry he one . doo instantly jump the miner : the other laugh and jeer . ext . first house - van lear - day 49 a modest , weatherbeaten house . doo pull up in he jeep , grimy with coal dust , he go inside . he have a small package . int . house - kitchen - day - loretta 49 - a sit at the table , look at a newspaper . smile at doo who come in glower , look into a pot of bean steaming on the stove , shake he head sadly . loretta hi , hon . looky here at this . nindicate newspaper ) this radio be on sale cheap . you reckon we could get we one ? he say nothing , toss the package in front of she . she open it eagerly : a book , " sex for newlyweds . " she open the book , she eye go wide . loretta my gosh ... it 's get picture in it ...! doolittle that book 's suppose to have help million of couple the world over . think it might help we . loretta ( turn page ) I can not read this thing , doo , .. it 's get all this big word in it ... like look here at this one : that doggone word 's a foot long , doo ! what in the world could a foot long word mean ? continued ~~ 49 - a 50 #02119 31 continued a9 - a doo give she a discourage look . go to the pantry , pull out a bottle of whiskey , take a healthy drink . loretta aw , doo ... I do not need no book to tell I what 's wrong . you just need to be a little more gentle and patient with I , honey . you just get to give I a little more time .... doolittle give you a little time ... lemme add up how many thing I be suppose to give you a little time on ; a little time to learn how to cook ; a little time to learn how to clean the damn house ; a little time to learn how to love you man the way you be suppose to -- dad - dammit , woman , be there anything you know how to do right now ? pause : she sigh and look down at she hand -- which remind she : loretta doo ? when you gonna get around to gettin ' I a weddin ' ring ? doo stare at she , can not believe . start pull on he jacket , make a low , threaten , gutteral growl .... loretta be you a-makin ' that noise ...? sound like a ol ' bear or something '. ( see he start out ) doo , where you goin ' ? be you a- leavin ' ? doolittle ( stop short ) naw . I be not leavin ' . ext . webb cabin - butcher holler - day - clara 50 at the old wash machine in the yard , Ted in the garden . they look up to see Loretta come up the trail with she little suitcase . they run to greet each other . loretta doo throw I out , mommie . continued my 50 51 52 53 #02119 32 continued 50 clara thank the Lord . thank the Lord ! maybe it be not too late to save you from ruinin ' you life ! ted ( come up ) what in the world -- loretty ! have you come back home ? she laugh as he swing she around happily . ted Lord , girl -- look at you ! I believe marry life do make you fat ! Clara 's smile fade abruptly ; she look closer at Loretta 's stomach . clara ( sink feel ) oh , Lord , no .... omitted 51 int . doc turner' office - day 52 Doc Turner , 30 , pull on rubber glove as Loretta , a sheet wrap around she , climb on a examination table . boc last time I see you I be givin ' you a shot for the chicken pox . now you be a ol ' marry woman , how you like it ? loretta Fine , doc . but ...me and doo be separate . boc thing happen pretty fast with you and doolittle , do not they ? Doc begin he examination . Loretta be so embarrassed she pull the sheet over she head . he smile to himself , begin the examination . ext . doc be office - van lear STREET - day - loretta 53 come out and start walk home , miserable . she begin to sniffle , then cry -- and suddenly she see --- continued 53 #02119 33 continued 53 -- doolittle 's jeep pull up at the curb down the street , he back to she . lean suggestively on the jeep , talk and smile , be lizzie . enrage , Loretta pick up a stick and run to the jeep . loretta doolittle Lynn -- what 's this sow doin ' a-wallerin ' all over you jeep ! lizzie what would you call I ? loretta a sow -- which be a woman pig ! Loretta swing the stick . lizzie make a quick retreat , with Loretta right after . doo watch apprehensively as Loretta start back for he . he steel himself for the blow , but she walk right past he . he jump out and run after . doolittle Loretta , wait a minute -~- I be just comin ' to see you --- loretta be you a-gonna bring you girl friend with you ? doolittle aw , she just flagge I down , it do not mean nothin' . I get some - thin ' to tell you . loretta I get somethin’ to tell you , too . doolittle I be leavin ' kentucky , Loretta . she stop dead , incredulous . doolittle I be goin ' out west , to Washington . get I a job on a ranch or somethin' . that coal mine 's buryin ' I alive , Loretta . loretta you be just gonna leave I ...? continued my 53 #02119 34 continued - 2 doolittle just long enough to get set up , then I will send you the money to join I . loretta what make you think I be gonna come ? doolittle you be my wife , baby . loretta I be you wife ! Boy , you better think of a better reason than that ! maybe mommie and daddy 's right , maybe I be not ready for no marriage -~ but if what we get be a marriage , I would just as soon not have one noway . doolittle aw , you be right . maybe we should have wait , I do not know . deal be , I love you too much to wait . I love you too much to lose you now . if we could just start over , away from we family , and -~ there be not nothin ' for I here , Loretta , nothin ! but a chestful of coal dust and bein ' a old man by the time I be forty . and it 's so pretty out in Washington . I be there as a kid , pickin ' fruit . you gotta come with I . loretta you promise daddy you would not take I off from home .... doolittle you gotta make up you mind , Loretta - 7 where you be he daughter or my wife . come on . I will drive you home . what be you doin ' down here anyways ? loretta I come to see Doc Turner . doolittle you be not sick , be you ? continued 53 my 53 54 54 - a #02119 35 continued - 3 53 loretta I be gonna have a baby . doolittle ( stunne , pleased ) well , I be damned ... you know , maybe you finally find something ' you know how to do . they drive towards the holler in the jeep . ext . webb cabin - day 54 Loretta 's brother and sister play a energetic game of tag in the yard . Loretta sit on the step , watch . her stomach be very large now . she watch the child with a sad thoughtful expression as if know she childhood be go forever . Ted come up the trail in he work clothes . he , too , have a sad expression . he somberly hand Loretta a letter -- she face light up instantly . she tear it open and some money fall out . Clara come onto the porch and she and Ted watch sadly as Loretta eagerly read the letter : loretta he 's send for I ... doo 's send I the money to come to Washington ...! ext . van lear train station - day 54 - a small station , desert platform , except for Ted and Loretta , with she suitcase and a sack lunch . Ted walk to the edge of a platform and look up at the empty track . ted she 's late ... reckon she might of jump the track up the line some - where . loretta ( nervously ) aw , they train do not do that ted be know to . continued my # 02119 36 oo , 54-a continued 54 - a Ted pace , Loretta watch he . he stop at the scale . ted get on here . see what you weigh . k loretta ( she do ) a hunnerd and seventeen ! ' this baby 's gonna be a big ‘un , be not it , daddy ? you weigh now . ted . ( shake he head ) would not do no good . I would not , know how much be I and how much '' be all that coal dust I swaller . he look up : the train appear down the track . ' loretta ( suddenly throw she arm around he ) oh , daddy . do not be sad . I gotta ~~ be with doo -- I be fixin ' to have he baby . I be grow up now , daddy . ted I be not never gonna see you again . loretta '' yes , you will , daddy ! i'11 come and visit as much as I can -~ I and doo and the baby . and you and mommie can come and visit we . ted maybe . but I be not never gonna see my little girl again . they year have be rob from I . just like a thief break in and : rob them .... he told she tightly , try to keep from ery . the train noisily pull into the station . slow fade to yellow 55 56 57 #02119 37 - fade in - yellow screen kitty well ' record 55 of " it be not God " who make honky tonk angel . " pull back slowly , we see the yellow be the dial face of a Zenith table model radio ; we hear Loretta sing along with the record . pan slowly we see we be in a modest kitchen ; we pass ( 1 ) a window -- it 's raining hard outside ; ( 2 ) a gas stove with boil kettle full of mason jar ; ( 3 ) another pot full of boil apple ; ( 4 ) Loretta , stir the pot , sing , hold a three - year - old girl in she arm , cissy .... continue the pan we see ( 5 ) four- year - old Ernest Ray on the floor ; ( 6 ) five - year - old Jack benny nearby ; and ( 7 ) six - year - old Betty Sue at the kitchen table . they all play boisterously around the kitchen as Loretta cook and sing to herself . ext . SMALL logging operation - rain - day 56 in the pour rain , doo drive a d-4 caterpillar down a woodec trail , drag a large log on a chain . two other logger be try to keep dry in the cab of a truck nearby . first logger ( shout at doo ) hey , Mooney ! let 's dog off ! it 's rainin ' if you be not notice ! doolittle Hell , it 's always rainin ' out here . I be not gonna melt . second logger I think hillbilly be suppose to be lazy . first logger not that one . that sunbitch never stop workin' . doo expertly spin the cat in the mud , grin . ext . lynn house - WASHINGTON - day 57 a small wooden house on the edge of a large field . another larger farmhouse in the distance . doo pull up in the yard ina ' 55 Ford . the kid come out to meet he and they all go inside . 58 #02119 38 int . kitchen ~ supper table - night 58 still cornbread and bean , but cook to perfection now . the whole family at the table , doo eat with gusto . loretta pass you daddy some more cornbread , Jack benny . doolittle what would you do today , baby ? loretta I put up seventeen quart of apple butter . and -- Ernest Ray stop makin ' that noise -- and all that rain make the doggone sink stop up ~~ stop a-hittin ' he , Jack benny -- and I spend half the mornin ' a - fixin ' that and -- dad blame it , I be gonna smack the jaw off both of y'll -- and then I have this doctor 's appointment --- deo look up with alarm , loretta 7 - ~ and he say it be just a false alarm but we better start bein ' a whole lot more careful -- wipe you chin off , Betty Sue . and then I come home and fix supper and I be " bout ready to die . and how be you day ? doolittle wet . he grin and go on eat . ext . house - night 58-a doo wander out , smoking , into the adjoint field to relieve himself . from the farmhouse across the field , a man 's voice shout over : neighbor's voice hey , Mooney -- ! doolittle yo ! continued my 58- a 58- B 59 60 #02119 39 continued 58-a neighbor's voice you mama call long distance from kentucky today -- say happy anniversary and why do not you call she sometime ? doolittle much oblige . neighbor's voice why do not you have a phone put in sometime , Mooney ? doolittle I do not like telephone . he start back for the house , hear Loretta sing a sad ballad , " the great Titanic . " int . house - night 58 - B doo in the doorway , listen to Loretta sing to the child . doolittle I just rememberd we get a anniversary comin ' up , baby . what kind of present you want ? loretta I still be not get no weddin’ ring . doolittle ( indicate kid ) Hell , woman , if you do not know you be marry by now , you be not never gonna know . she give he a look , resume sing . doo listen , a very thoughtful expression on he face . ext . MAIN STREET - lynden , WASHINGTON - late afternoon 59 some work man loung at the door of a tavern . doo , get off from work , pull up , wave , go to the window of a nearby jewelry - pawn shop , look at the display of wecd - engagement ring . then he eye go to a row of guitar .... omitted 60 61 #02119 40 int . house - bedroom - night - loretta 61 asleep . doo come in carry a guitar , turn on the light , plop down on the bed . Loretta 's eye be open . doolittle happy anniversary , baby . loretta look like you have a happy anniversary . you something ' , doo ? most couple celebrate they anniversary together . ( see guitar ) what 's this thing ? doolittle it 's you present . happy anniversary . loretta my present -- ? sometimes I think you be missin ' a washer in you brain , doo -- I can not play this thing --- doolittle most people can not without they learn how first . you be not too ignorant to learn , be you ? if you do not want it , I will bust it up for firewood ~- give it here .... loretta ograb it away ) do not you do no such a thing ! ( beat ) Boy . I never know what you be gonna do next . I just do not under - stand why you get I a guitar --- doolittle because when I be listenin ' to you singin ' to the baby I think , Loretta sing a helluva lot better and any they woman on the radio . she orta have she a guitar . loretta I do not know you ever pay any attention to I singin' . you really think I sing good ? continued maw 61 61 - B 61-c 62 #02119 41 continued 61 doolittle that 's what I say , be not it ? ( click out light , put arm around she ) now . what kind of present you get for I ? ext . the house - backyard - day 61 - a Loretta try to master a g-chord as a old wash machine chug next to she . the kid run around play nearby . she concentrate hard . the wash machine get stick and make a awful grind sound . without miss a beat Loretta kick the machine hard . it resume work and she resume practice . int . the house ~ live room - day 61 - B guitar continue from previous scene but a little improve now . she sit on the sofa , play and sing " cold cold heart " to the kid on the floor , play audience . int . kitchen - night 61 - c sing and play ( still more improve ) continue . doo and the kid eat supper , listen . doo be very thoughtful again .... doolittle hey . how bout Saturday night we get we a baby - sitter and go out somewhere . loretta ( stop play ) you mean together ? doolittle Hell , yes , together . keep on playin ' . sound good . she resume play , he resume eat .... int . car - moving ~ nigiit 62 both dress for a night out . doo pull up in front of the grange Hall with a mysterious grin . continued my # 02119 42 62 continued 62 loretta vihat do you keep grinnin’ about ...? vhat be you up to ? doolittle say nothing . they go inside . 63 int . grange hall - dance - night 63 " steel guitar rag '' be play by the westerneer , a local band . the hall be pack with noise and smoke . doo deposit Loretta at a table and go for drink at the bar . she sit watch the people as a slick cowboy come up grin . slick how bout a dance , darlin' ? loretta uh ... I can not . I be marry . : slick must not be too marry . you be not wearin ' no ring . Loretta embarrassedly cover she hand . doo return and slick move off . Loretta look miserably at she ring finger and suddenly brighten : loretta hey ! I bet I know what that surprise be ! doolittle ( wink ) you guess it , huh ? you wait right here and I will go fix it up . he move off towards the bandstand . puzzle , she see he corner the bandleader , John Penn , and start talk energeti - cally , gesture in she direction . suddenly she realize what he 's do and panic . doo beckon she to the band - stand ; she shake she head frantically . he frown and start for she . she leap to she foot , truly frighten , and rush through the crowd , head for the lady room . doo push he way through the crowd , search for she . he bump into slick , talk to a pal . slick ( winking ) keep you eye open , hoss . lotta continued 63 64 #02119 43 continued 63 slick ( cont would ) marry stuff here tonight do take off they ring . doo see Loretta head into the lady room and follow . int . lady room - night 64 in the small room , two lady be startle as Loretta rush in , look as if she 's about to be sick . pirst lady you all right , honey ? you look sick . second lady maybe she 's pregnant ... be you expectin' , honey ? doo suddenly slam the door open ; the two lady be trap in the corner and watch wide - eye . doolittle what 's the matter with you ? why would you run off like that ? loretta do not make I get up there and sing , doo , please -- I be sick , doo ! doolittle aw , you be not gonna sing . that ol ' boy would not allow it . loretta ( relieved ) thank the Lord ...! doolittle but he say he would listen to you tomorrow . turn out they need a singer ’real bad} so tomorrow , you be gonna go audition for ‘em --- loretta ( panic again ) I be not no singer , doo ! I can not sing for no stranger ! continued my 64 65 #02119 44 continued 64 doolittle yes , you can . I do fix it all up for you . loretta you do not ask I nothin ' about it --- doolittle how could I when you be runnin ' off and hidin ' like a stupid hill - billy . loretta ( furious ) do not you call I no stupid hill - billy ! I may be ignorant , but I be not stupid ! why be you wantin ' I to sing so much , anyway ? doolittle {calmly ) because I be proud of you when you sing . I want everybody to know how proud of you I a . loretta ( melting ) oh , doo ... I be glad I make you proud , but , I can not sing in front of people . I just can not .... doolittle you damn sure can and you be damn sure goin ' to -- and you be gonna sing for they boy tomorrow and next week you be gonna be singin’ right here if I have to kick you stupid hillbilly butt ever inch of the way ! he slam the door hard ; the two lady jump ; Loretta look sick again . int . grange hall dance - night - a week later 65 Loretta still look sick , at the edge of the bandstand in a home - make western dress , hold she guitar . she can not bring herself to look at the large , rowdy audience . on stage the westerneer finish " take I back to tuisa . " continued 65 66 67 68 #02119 45 continued 65 JOHN penn now , folk , y'all give a big welcome to the newest addition to the westerneer , miss Loretta Lynn ! angle - the bar - doolittle 66 Sports a new cowboy hat , lean on the bar , study the audience as Loretta step uncertainly to the microphone . angle - loretta singing 67 she sing " there he go , " awkwardly at first , not dare to look at the audience , when she finally do , she see they listen , look up at she with enjoyment . she take heart , relax a little , begin to enjoy it . we see she in the pro - cess of realize the possibility of a new life as a performer ; a warmth flow from the audience that fill she and in turn flow back to they . as the song go on , she look at some of they : young couple dance , older people listen with a smile , rowdy cowboy with bottle in they hand grin up at she , and at the bar , alone , a middle - age woman cry to herself , drunk . Loretta 's eye linger a moment on she . when the song end , doo be at the edge of the bandstand . the applause be warm and genuine . she go to doo , a little daze . loretta they like I , doo .... doolittle they gonna like you a whole lot more ' fore I be finish . go on , do another one . she start back to the mike , be stop by the drunk woman from the bar , mascara streaking down she face . drunk woman bu'ful , honey ...jus ' bu'ful ... you sing th ' story my '' life .... Loretta smile uncertainly and continue to the mike , look back at the woman staggering off into the crowd . ext . field by house - day 68 Loretta on she hand and knee set out tomato plant by hand . nearby the youngest child sleep on a blanket with a continued 68 69 70 through 72 73 #02119 46 continued 68 old umbrella propped up . Loretta grub in the dirt , unintelli - gibly talk - sing to herself ; mumble , frown try to make up a song about the woman at the bar : we hear the word , '' honky tonk girl . " she set another tomato plant , something seem to click , she sit back on the dirt , smile happily and say to the baby : loretta I write I a song ... I write I a song -- you mama be a doggone songwriter , too ! int . 1955 ford - day - highway 69 doo drive , Loretta feed cookie , etc. , to kid in back . doolittle hhold forth ) thing be , you can sing in ever little honky - tonk in the country -- there 's thousand doin ' it be not gettin’ nowhere and never will . what give you the edge be gettin ' yourself a record . and the next step be even more important -- that 's gettin’ people to play the thing . but right now the thing to worry about be for you to make the best doggone record you can -- it all depend on that . loretta ( admiringly ) Boy , doo , I sure do not know you know this much about the music business . doolittle I do not . I be just figurin ' it out as I go . 70 omitted through 72 int . SMALL recording studio - day 73 clutter , dingy . the kid wander around with bottle of Coke and baloney sandwich . Loretta be on the floor with continued my # 02119 47 73 continued 73 two duck -taile sideme ( lead and bass ) who look as if they would rather be somewhere else . she 's scared to death . doo be behind the control panel with speedy West who run the studio . speedy what you gonna sing for we , honey ? doolittle she 's gonna do this song she write herself , ' honky tonk girl . ' speedy uh-huh . what key 's that in , honey ? Loretta look helpless . : doolittle y'all just play and she will follow you all right . speedy she do talk , do not she , partner ? usually , if you can sing , you can talk , too . doolittle she can talk up a storm when she want to . ( to kid ) y'all keep out of the way now -- ' find a place to sit . speedy and the sideme exchange glance : they have see , everything . 1 74 angle - loretta and sidemen 74 she nervously show they chord . doo come up . loretta , ( aside , nervously ) I do not think this boy like I , doo . they be not very friendly . doolittle forget about ‘em . just sing . she nod . speedy cue they and they begin . she miss she of cue and everything stop . she look wretch , tremble . continued 74 75 76 77 #02119 48 continued 74 speedy call for take two but doo motion he to wait . he turn Loretta away from the sideme , face the kid who be in chair at the wall . doolittle sing to they , baby . just like you be home . second take begin . Loretta be more relaxed but the sideme sound awful . doo be angry , but helpless . after a moment , speedy hit the intercom . speedy {on intercom ) hey , people ? tell you what . let 's hold it for a while and lemme see if I can find a few more picker . doolittle man , I spend ever last penny I have -- I can not afford no more picker ! and as bad as they two be , what do you want more for ? speedy ( cover intercom ) I mean more better , pardner . ( beat ; smile ) that little gal sing she hind end off . int . recording studio - later 75 a professional five - piece band back up Loretta as she sing '' honky tonk girl " to the kid , never take she eye off they , everybody else be smile , know it 's good . doo be so happy he can not keep still . int . WASHINGTON house - front door - day 76 doo stagger in under the load of heavy cardboard box . set they on the live room floor where already a dozen box be stack . one of they be open and Loretta be remove the content ; freshly press 45 singles of " honky . tonk girl . " she put one on the record player , listen , '' shaking she head , unable to believe it 's actually she . int . house - bedroom - day 77 doo tack up a chenille bedspread on the wall . he bring continued 77 #02119 49 continued 77 in a floor lamp , remove the shade for use as a photographic light . he go out and return with a old graphlex on tripod . meanwhile Loretta be in she slip painstakingly sequin and star on a plain black dress . the kid be scattered around -- the boy run through the-house , girl , Betty Sue and cissy watch Loretta sew . doolittle get you dress on . I gotta take this picture and get to work . loretta I be not get all this doodad sew on yet . doolittle it 's just gonna be you head and shoulder , stand over there in front of that backdrop . loretta you mean this bedspread ? wait a minute -- I orta put on some lip - stick or somethin' . doolittle you look better natural . do not you ever put no makeup.on you face . I do not like it . betty sue mama . ..? doolittle just a minute , darlin' . let I finish this up -- smile , now . she do ; he snap the picture . doolittle I gotta go . where 's my lunch bucket ? a sewing the lightly kiss she , hug Betty Sue and cissy and hurry out . Loretta resume sewing sequin . betty sue be you and daddy goin ' out again tonight . mama ? continued kt 77 78 78- a #02119 50 continued 77 loretta yeah , honey , I be a-singin ' over in lynden . betty sue can I go with you ? loretta it 's this rough ol ' honky - tonk , honey . you can not be goin’ there . from the live room come the sound of the record : doo put it on as he be leave . . loretta hear that ? that 's mommie 's record . Betty Sue sulk unhappily . Loretta continue sewing as the record play . ext . logging site - day 78 doo on he D - 4 move up a steep grade . beside he be a copy of Cash box magazine , with a comprehensive list of every coun - try dj in America , complete with address . he fold the page over and concentrate on he work . int . kitchen - dawn 78 - a doo , bleary - eye , yawn , peck at a old typewriter . the Cash box list of dj 's be tack to the wall in front of he . he type : " dear Mr. dj . here be the new big hit from Zero recording star Loretta Lynn ... " he place the letter , a record , and the photo he take of Loretta in front of the bed - spread into a envelope , address it , and mark another dt off the list -- three 's quarter of they be mark through 's now . he look at 's the ’clock -- 61330°a.m.° stretch , get he lunch bucket and hat and start out . Loretta enter in she night - gown . loretta ( worried ) you work all night again , honey ...? doolittle I will grab I a nap later on . gotta go , baby --- loretta doo ... all this leavin ' the kid so much , and you spendin ' all you continued ~~ kt 78- a 78- B #02119 51 continued 78 - B loretta ( cont would ) money and workin’ so hard ... well , it 's kind of scarin ' I .... doolittle can not be scared if you want to make anything out of yourself . loretta I think I have make something ' out of myself , doo . a wife for you , as mother to they kid . we be not never think this through , doo . doolittle ( put arm around her} look , baby . we be start on it , now . let 's see it through . if it do not work out , we will still have all this . I gotta go now . he scoops up the envelope and start out . loretta ( smile slightly ) who know ? maybe we will get lucky . doolittle you make you own luck in this life , good , bad , or indifferent . be ready when I get home . we gotta drive all the way to spokane . he go . Loretta look at the photo of herself , smile . feel better . doo 's car drive away outside . see he coffee cup , she turn it upside down in the saucer and " read " the grounds . she hear someone faintly call she name as if from a long distance . she go to the backdoor and look out . ext . the field ~ dann 78 - B misty , wet field . she listen , hear nothing , step out into the cool air , shiver in the nightgown . she see a figure in the mist at the edge of the field . she look at he closely . the figure turn .... it 's Ted . he wear he mining clothes , he face and hand grime with coal dust . he smile sadly at she . a voice shout through the mist , from a distance . continued my 78- B #02119 52 continued 78-b man' voice Loretta . start toward Ted , but he disappear in the mist . she stand petrify , frighten . the voice call she name again , and suddenly a figure move out of the mist -- she neighbor . neighbor Loretta ? Long distance , Loretta . you mother call , from kentucky . emergency , she say . she gasp , know instantly what it be . she run barefoot into the mist , across the field , sobbing .... int . butcher holler cabin - night - ted in OPEN coffin 79 candle at head and foot of coffin ; Ted " prepare " by a undertaker 's art . several friend , relative , move in and out of the house : there be food , drink , etc . -- a wake . Clara and Loretta stand look at the body . loretta he come to I , mommie ... when he die . I see he ... just as plain .... clara he want to be with you so much . you and they grandkid .... loretta oh , mommie , I should not have go away -- I should have be here . this be my home , mommie . clara I be gonna have to leave here too , loretty . can not keep this place up by myself . I be gonna move up north , I and the young 'un . get I a job . loretta I will not have no place to come home to ... who 's gonna look after daddy ? she cry into Clara 's shoulder . ext . front porch and yard - night sa shadowy figure scattered around , the glow of cigarettes , continued 80 so - a #02119 53 continued 80 subdued conversation . in the yard , a group of man pass 4 bottle around , include Doc Turner , Red Lynn , doolittle . doc Ted have the black lung , and they nervous headache of he , but the plain fact be he just work hisself to death . it 's a mystery to I how man can work so hard , and still not get nowhere . doo listen , drink . ext . front porch - night 80 - a Loretta come out to the porch railing . her uncle , corman webb , a shy mountain man come up . corman Loretta , you man be a-tellin ' I you be one of they singer now . Ted always use to say what he miss most be you a-singin ' to they baby . Lord , you could hear '' you all over this holler . clara ( come out ) sing somethin’ now , honey ... for we . Loretta choke , try to gather herself , and begin " precious memories . " all listen , spellbound . ext . the yard - night 81 the man pass the bottle around . red lynn gacdamn , if that be not the prettiest thing I ever hear . you reckon ol ' Ted can hear it somewhere ? doolittle he never get over I takin ' she away fror : home .... doc you do the right thing , doo , leavin ' here . anyhow , over and do now , I reckon . continued my 81 82 83 s3 - a #02119 54 continued doolittle naw , it be not , Doc . it be not never gonna be over . he look at Loretta sing , tear in she eye fill the night . ext , graveyard - ted' grave - morning — lore 's she kneel at the grave , place some yellow in the b.g. a bulldozer be work noisily . ext . graveyard road - morning - doo on bulldo he expertly make a road from the graveyard di wood trail . he stop , get off and go toward --- ext . ted' grave - morning Loretta kneel at the grave as doo come up she . doolittle I finish widenin ' that trail . next time it will not be so hard to get up here . she say nothing . he idly finger the yellow plastic . doolittle all this real flower growin ' around here , why would you get this plastic one ? loretta because they do not die ! the real one just die , like everything else doolittle honey .... loretta daddy 's go , momnie 's move away -- I be not gonna have no home leave doolittle ( reach for she ) we get we home , honey --- loretta get away from I ! leave I alone ! $ 1 's , she voice tta 62 flower on it . zer 83 lown the steep , s3 - a , hunker beside flower . they be continued kt 83 - a 84 85 #02119 55 continued 83 - a stung , doolittle pull back . he walk back to the bulldozer , hurt and angry . she cry at the grave a moment . then come to he . he help she onto the bulldozer and start it off down the trail . ext . graveyard road - bulldozer - moving 84 doolittle ( over the engine ) listen . we gotta decide something ' now . all they picture and record I send to they radio station -- most of ‘em be right here in this part of the country . if we be really gonna do this thing , we gotta go see ‘em -- in person -- make sure they play that record ! I already talk to you mama -- she say she would take care of the kid : but we gotta move now -- understand ? she say nothing ; turn away . doolittle all right . JI be not gonna push you into nothin' . it 's you choice . if you do not want it , we will just go back to what we be doin‘ , that 's all .... she slowly look at he as he steer the tractor down the grade . loretta ( softly ) I want it , doo .... doolittle can not hear you . loretta * I want it -- I want to be a singer ! I want it real bad , doo ?! doo say nothing ; just nod and steer the bulldozer .... ext . cabin - day 85 doo and Loretta get into the car ; the kid cry and cling to they . they pull away ; the kid all cling to Clara now . Loretta look back wave as long as she can ... until the car disappear down the trail away from Butcher holler . ps 86 87 88 #02119 56 ext . highway - day 86 the car speed along ; the Radio be be tune , station skip by , static , etc. , until : radio «.. you voice of country music in the tri-state area . and now here 's that big number one hit by miss patsy cline , ' walkin ' after Midnight . ' Loretta lean in and turn it up . doo check the Cash box list of station and dj 's tape to he sun visor . doolittle all right . Station wcbl . dj 's name Bobby Day . keep you eye open for the transmitter . loretta the what ? doo give she a look . angle - station transmitter -— day 87 loom over the landscape , a small station at the foot . int . car - moving - day - doo 88 drive the car into the parking lot . Loretta 's in the back in panty and bra hurriedly try to pull on she dress with the sew - on sequin and a pair of white boot . loretta doggone it , doo , wait -- people can look in here and see I ! doolittle hurry up , then -- we be there . loretta I do not know what to do once we get in there -- what be I suppose to say ? doolittle do not even think about it -- just talk . he park ; she frantically try to pull she boot on . ps 89 #00495 57 int . station number one - day 89 small operation ; nobody there except the dj , Bobby Day , eat a sandwich at he microphone while a record play and a engineer in a control booth . he be startle to see Loretta in she dress and doo in he white hat stroll into the studio . bobby uh -- hey -- sorry , folk -- no visitor in the studio --- loretta ( gamely ) uh , hi , Bobby ! uh , my name be Loretta Lynn . and . uh. I send you a picture and my brand new record on the Zero label . and . bobby ( hastily ) what ? look , folk , no kiddin ' , you can not be here while I be doin ' a show -- okay ? engineer signal '' stand by " -- record be end . loretta ( sweat ) it 's a song I write myself call ' honky tonk girl ' . I get the idea from --- bobby ( think fast ) yeah , right -- I get it and play it . just sort of laid there -- now thanks for comin ' in y'all -- ( on the air ; signal doo and Loretta to be quiet ) you be listenin ' to tri-state country with you deejay , Bobby Day right here till six o'clock , neighbor -~ and now , here 's a word from we good friend down at hutchen 's hot pig . a record commercial begin . during the above Loretta have spot she record -- unwrapped , in a stack of other . dis - traught , she wave it at Bobby . continued ps 89 30 #00495 58 continued 89 loretta you play it , huh ? you be not even take it outta the wrapper ! bobby ( as commercial continue ) look , you know how many do - it - yourself record I get ever day ? if I play they all I would not have time to play anything else --- loretta but why would you lie to we ? why would you say people do not like we ? doolittle work so hard to get we that record and --- she cry loudly . bobby ( frantically ) hey , shut she up , willya ? I be goin ' back on the air --- doolittle ( nonchalantly ) ai not nothin 's I can do , pardner . once she get wound up .... " on the Air " sign come on ; only one thing for Bobby to do . bobby ( shield mike from she sob ) folk , we get a special treat for you here today -- a young lady who I predict be gonna go all the way --~ Loretta stop cry and look at he . bobby tell the friend and neighbor all about yourself , darlin’ . he thrust the mike in she face ; she panic , go totally blank . look around desperately for doo -- just in time to see he bolt out the front door . she look back at Bobby and try to speak . ext . station parking lot - day - doo 90 burst out the front door , dive into the car and turn on the radio , nervously wait for it to fade in ; finally --- continued ps 90 91 92 #00495 59 continued 90 loretta ( on radio , sound - ing very at home ) -- and then I sung it for doolittle -- that 's my husband -- but every - one else call he Mooney on account of he use to sell moonshine back in Butcher holler --- bobby ( laugh ) where ? intercut - car and interview - doo 91 can not believe it ; she sound like a pro . loretta Butcher holler -- that 's where I and doo be from back in kentucky -- anyway I write this song and doo say that 's about as good a song as I ever hear , good as patsy cline , and I say , aw , be not nobody good as patsy . bobby well , folk , let 's give it a listen -~- brand new , on the Zero label , miss lorene Lynn sing ' honky tonk girl ' --- loretta ( as record start ) Loretta . Loretta Lynn . not lorene . in the car , doo laugh out loud . int . car - moving - highway - day 92 both laugh , happy -- Loretta peel off baloney slice , make sandwich for they both . doolittle you sure get over bein ' bashful fast . loretta I do what you say -- just open my mouth and out it come . I could n*t stop -- and I do not have no more notion of what I be gonna say than a rabbit ! continued kt of ~ 92 | ' 93 '' ~ 94 95 95 - a oo #02119 60 continued 92 doolittle well , you just keep on bein ' a rabbit , then . loretta where 's the next one -- want I to watch out for that transmitter ? doolittle yeah -- watch out for that tran — mitter . they speed on down the highway . montage 93 Lonely transmitter against the sky ; the car speed down two - lane country highway ; highline pole ; the call - letter sign of small country radio station ; and close shot of the car radio as the dial skip across it . we hear snatch of widely - range music : Pat boone " Love letter in the Sand " , Ray Charles , " what would I say ? " , Kingston Trio " Tom dooley " , Peter , Paul and Mary " blowin ' in the wind " , buddy Holly " not fade away " and finally , loud and clear , Loretta 's record . omitted 94 ext . country highway and SMALL roadside grocery - twilight 95 the car pull up to the pump in front of the store . they get out and go inside . int , SMALL grocery - twilight 95 - a a radio be play behind the counter : lefty frizell 's " please release I . " doo point to a roll of baloney in the freezer and a fat , old woman start slice it . Loretta wander around look at a display of candy and toy . loretta doo , can we send the kid some sucker or somethin' ? doolittle we be not get a cent to spare , baby . Loretta nod , resign , watch as the old woman wrap the baloney in paper . loretta I sure be gettin’ sick of eatin ' baloney . continued kw 95 - a 96 97 #02119 61 continued 95-a doolittle you know what they say about baloney , do not you ? make you horny . loretta what 's that mean ? doolittle be you so ignorant you do not know what horny mean ? loretta no , what 's it mean ? laugh loudly , he pay for the baloney and go out the door . Loretta follow , implore . loretta come on , doo -= what 's it mean ? doolittle ( laugh ) just fix I a baioney sandwich , will ya , baby ? through the screen door we watch they get into the car and drive off . the radio behind the counter be still play : radio here 's a brand - new record by a brand new artist that 's startin ' to catch on with all you country music fan -- Loretta Lynn singin 's " honky - tonk girl " , the fat woman listen , idly beat time as she read she newspaper . ext . highway - day 96 the car whip down another highway ; radio skip over the dial again , more music of the era . the highway seem empty and endless .... ext . another transmitter - day 97 Long pan down it as " honky tonk girl " play . the car pull into the parking lot and Loretta get out in she cowgirl outfit , look eager . doo stay in the car , sleepily turn on the radio . kw 98 98- a 99 #02119 62 int . studio - interview - intercut doo in car - day 98 a kindly dd name Hugh cherry interview Loretta . hugh with all this month of bein ' on the road , have you hit Nashville yet ? loretta no , sir , but I be a- dyin ' to . I be gonna get on the Grand ole opry , '. too , soon as I can . hugh well , sometimes you have to pay a lotta due to get on the opry . loretta pay due ? hugh for most people it take year and year of hard work . still , from the look of thing -- nreach for a copy of Cash box ) -- you be off to a real good start --- loretta ( oblivious ) you reckon ? shoot , we be drivin 's so much I do not even know where I be half the time -- oh , it 's fun , we just talk and sing and doo , that 's my husband , he 'll.get to actin ' horny --- int , car - day 98 - a doo 's head jerk up . hugh ( startle ) what -- ? loretta ( oblivious ) and the more I laugh the hornier he get --- the station go dead . doo slide down in the seat . int . station - day 99 a irate Station manager storm around at Loretta as doo and Hugh cherry look on . fanmreinn kw 99 #02119 continued 63 99 station manager I do not know where you think you be , lady , but that kind of smut do not go in this part of the country . loretta I do not know it be dirty : I think horny just mean cuttin’ up and actin ' sillv -- station manager come off the dumb hillbilly act , lady . doolittle mister , if you know Loretta , you would know that be not no act . loretta ( staunchily ) thank you , doo . station manager I will be damned lucky if the fcc do not lift my license for this . I can you one thing : I will never play any record of yours on this station ! he slam out . Loretta be miserable . doolittle dad-dammit , Loretta -- do not you ever stop to think what you be sayin ? loretta you tell I not to ! and stop a- growlin ' at I ? hugh do not worry about he , kid . if you be on the chart , you will get play all right . '' loretta what chart ? hugh you get a hit -~ do not you know that ? ( see they confusion ) that really be not a act , be it ? continued al 99 100 101 102 #02119 64 continued - 2 99 hugh ( cont would ) look here -- Cash box magazine come out today , '' honky - tonk girl " by Loretta Lynn . you really do not know ? you be number fourteen , nationwide . doolittle ( embarrassed ) Hell , mister , we be new at this .... he look at Loretta ; she look at he , then both burst out laugh and hugging each other . the Station manager glower suspiciously through the window .... int . car - moving - night 100 doo drive along at a rapid clip , a little smile keep play around he lip , he hum along with a staticky song on the radio . we assume Loretta be asleep in the backseat . then she head appear behind doo 's . she begin to nuzzle he , run she hand through he hair , onto he chest . doo get more and more distract . loretta I love you , doo .... his eye cut back and forth , desperately search for a exit . ext . roadside rest area - night 101 the car be park in the shadow . the rest area be desert ; semi 's whine down the interstate nearby . after a moment , doo get out of the backseat , look very content . Loretta sit up , they look at each other . smile . doo drive on as she lie down to sleep . int . backseat of car - parked - loretta - dawn 102 she be asleep . silence . she stir , awaken . look in the front seat -- no doolittle . a little alarmed , she sit up . look out the window and discover they be park on a city street . she look around and see something that make she gasp --- al # 02119 65 103 ext . grand ole opry house - dawn 103 fhe ancient crumble ryman auditorium . in the rise sun , it seem infuse with a golden glow ... she get out of the car . the street be desert , quiet . she stand in the middle of the street gaze at the old building in awe . doo come around the corner with a bag of coffee and dough - nut . see she awestruck expression , he grin . doolittle that of 1 ' buildin’ would sure hold a lotta hay , would not it ? loretta that 's the Grand ole opry , doo ! doolittle you want chocolate or glaze ? loretta the Grand ole opry ... ( suddenly frighten ) doo . what if they will not let I in there ? doolittle they better let we in . I just spend we last livin ' cent on this dough - nut . ( pause ) besides , how they gonna keep we out ? we be number fourteen . ( beat ) nationwide . dissolve to 104 int . ryman auditorium - night 104 a huge crowd roar , whoops , whistle ; Grand ole opry Saturday night . on stage , a announcer , grant Turner , introduce : turner and now , the Grand ole opry present the Pet milk show , with Ernest tubb and he Texas troubadours ! continued kw 104 105 #02119 66 continued 104 the crowd go wild as Ernest sing " walkin ' the floor over you . " int . backstage - night 105 dozen of people milling around , spilling onstage as the show go on -- friend , relative , hanger - on , sideme , and star . hank snow , roy acuff , minnie pearl , bill monroe , lester flatt , etc . in the midst of this glamour be doo , hide he nervousness , and Loretta in she homemade dress , look lose and terrify . a nervous little stage manager { who stutter ) be call lor - etta 's name repeatedly , but it can not be hear over the din . ' finally she hear it -- she head jerk up in fright -- and she hurry nervously to the little man . stage manager you Loretta Lynn ? I be a-callin ' and a-callin ' and -- now Mr. devine say to put you on Ernest 's show ; now you you go stand right yonder and keep you eye on Ernest , and he will introduce you . if the show be not runnin " too long . he move off quickly to find somebody else . Loretta , flustered , go to the wing and wait , very frighten , uncertain . doolittle what 's the matter ? loretta I be scared , doo -- scared I do not belong here . : doolittle you belong here as much as anybody -- stop complainin ' and relax . loretta | nine month ago I have not never sung for nobody ' cept you and the kid -- I be not ready , doo . I be not pay my due to be here ! doolittle then by God , we will pay ‘em later on . he start off . continued kw 105 106 107 108 #02119 67 continued 105 loretta where you goin ' -~ ! doolittle if there 's one thing I can not stand , it 's a nervous damn woman , I be gonna get I some air . she 's leave alone , terrify . look out at Ernest tubb , hope he will never call she . ext . alley behind ryman auditorium - night 106 doo come out the stage door and light a cigarette -- he hand be shaking wildly . in front of he be the rear entrance to tootsie 's orchid Lounge -- he see some musician come out of it . he hurry inside , int . tootsie' orchid lounge - night 107 pack with musician and singer . push up to the bar , he jostle against a sexy redhead who smile at he drunkenly . redhead what 's you hurry , cowboy ? doolittle I be tryin ' to get I a quick beer and get back to the opry --- redhead well , you can not be shy -- hey , tootsie ! wait on this cowboy -- he 's ina hurry ! int . ryman auditorium - night 108 onstage , Ernest tubb finish a number . ernest tubb thank you , neighbor . folk , right now I want y'all to meet a little gal I think you be gonna like a whole lot -- let 's make she feel real welcome now ... miss Loretta Lynn ! applause : tubb turn to she : she freeze . grant Turner give she a little shove and she 's onstage and sing , grow more and more relaxed and confident as the audience respond . al 109 110 #02119 68 int . tootsie be ~ night 109 doo still have not get he beer , and the redhead be get friendler . behind the bar a radio be tune to the opry but it can barely be hear above the noise . redhead well , if you be not a picker , what be you ? doolittle my wife 's singin ' on the opry . I better forget about that drink --- redhead oh , I see -= you be one of the husband . well , I be one of the wife , darlin' . how ' bout one fifth wheel buyin ' another one a drink ? doolittle ( suddenly hear radio ) that 's she -- she 's on right now ! goddammit ! intercut - loretta performing - doo in tootsie' 110 doo start back , know he will never get there in time ; lean over bar and try to hear the radio . a large man -- cowboy -- come by and put he arm around redhead . cowboy h 'o , sweet thang -- where 's that big ugly husband of yours ? . redhead out in the parkin ' lot tryin ' to get sober enough to do he show . doolittle ( as they laugh loudly ) hey , y'all -- I be tryin ' to hear the radio --- redhead he 's get a wife singin ' on the opry . cowboy that right ? Hell , you get it make , man . just lay back and count it as the ol ' lady rake it in . continued al - _ ~ 110 | ! 111 ao 112 ' 113 ' '' on #02119 69 continued 110 doolittle {getting mad ) I do my share of the work , mister . cowboy sure you do , hoss . doolittle I tell you politely . I be tryin ' to hear the radio . cowboy that 's you job , huh ? she sing and you listen . doo whirl and sock cowboy across the room . in the sudden quiet , doo hear Loretta finish she song -- just as cowboy recover and leap on doo with a smash to the jaw . int . opry stage - night lll Loretta blink happily as the applause continue . ernest tubb miss Loretta Lynn , neighbor -- Loretta , how would you like to come back and see we again next week ? loretta next week ...? we -l... shoot , Mr. tubb . I sure be not get nothin’ else a-goin ? g' audience laugh and applaud ; Ernest do he close theme . int . backstage 112 people throng around she , congratulate she , as she look around desperately for doo . finally , she spot he at the stage door hastling with the police guard who will not let he back it . she run for he --- ext . alley behind ryman - night 113 she come fly out the door and into he arm -- not notic - ing he jaw beginning to swell . loretta do you hear ‘em , honey ? do you hear ‘em ? they like I ! continued kt of ~ 113 ) to 114 115 ' ' o~ #02119 70 continued 113 doolittle I hear ‘em baby --- loretta they ask I to come back next week ! it 's like a dream , doo ! doolittle what we gotta do now be set down and plan real careful what to do next . loretta I be too happy to even think about that now ! I do not care if I die = right now , doo -~ if I never sing another song -- it just be not never gonna get no better than this ! ( see he jaw ) you hurt yourself , honey ? you jaw 's swellin ' up --- doolittle just from grinnin ' , baby . just from pure happiness . ext . ernest tubb be record shop - night 114 Loretta 's voice on loudspeaker to dozen of fan cluster around the record shop door . fan pass in car blow they horn and shout , etc . she sing , " I fall to piece . " int . record shop - night 115 live radio broadcast ( " Midnight jamboree " ) ; fan jamme in among record shelf , etc . after the first verse of " I fall to piece " Loretta say : loretta Friends , this song be the number : one hit by patsy cline , and I want to dedicate it to she , cause I guess y'all hear she 's over here in the hospital ' cause she be in a car wreck . patsy , if you be listenin’ this song be for you . . sing the last verse . in the audience be doolittle , two child asleep in he arm , the other two drowsily hang onto he . he listen , pleased , as she sing . kt 116 116 - a 116 - B 02119 71 ext . record shop - later 116 show 's over : Loretta and Ernest tubb sign autograph . doo pull the car up and double-park . the kid be sleep . a shiny new cadillac suddenly double - park in front of he and aman jump out . doo see he go up to Loretta , take she arm and pull she aside , whisper in she ear . doo growl , throw open the door and head for the man . loretta ( excitedly ) doo -- listen here to this : patsy cline hear I sing she song tonight ! she 's a-wantin ' to meet I -- right now ! man ( offer hand to doo who be still suspicious ) I be Charlie Dick . patsy 's husband . . loretta Boy , I would give near anything to meet patsy cline -- _ ( plead look at doo ) but I reckon we gotta get they young ' un home ....? doolittle ( beat ) I will get the kid home . if patsy cline want to meet you , then you go on and meet she . you can not pass up something ' like this . she happily kiss doo and get in Charlie 's car and they drive away . doo get in he car and take the kid home . int . hospital corridor - night 116 - a Charlie , with something tuck under he coat , lead Loretta down the corridor toward a room . from the room come loud laughter -- and two nurse come out laugh and shaking they head as they pass Loretta . Loretta , excited and thrilled as any fan , go tentatively into --- int . hospital room - night 116 - B Loretta draw back , shocked ; in bed be a woman with she face bruise and bandage , she eye black -- patsy cline . continued '' ~~ kt 116 - B #02119 72 continued 116-8 patsy Charlie -- you get I beer like I tell you ? charlie right here , patsy . pull a six pack from under he coat ; open one . patsy grope for a hospital straw on she bedside table . patsy ( to Loretta ) Hand I that straw , willya , honey ? Loretta do and patsy put in the can and drink the beer . Charlie kiss patsy lightly wink at Loretta and exit . Loretta stand stare , speechless , at patsy drink the beer through the straw . patsy ( after a moment ) what 's the matter ? ai not you never see no glamourous star before ? ( beat ) want a beer ? loretta ( shake she head ) be ... be you really patsy cline ....? patsy be you really Loretta Lynn ? ( Loretta smile , relax a little ) you be stirrin ' thing up around this town , you know that ? how many time you sung on the opry now ? loretta ( proudly ) I be on seventeen straight time . patsy lotta gal be here a lot longer and you be not gettin’ on near that much . ( beat ) they be askin ' who you be sleepin’ with to get on so much . loretta ( shocked ) I be not sleepin ' with nobody to get nothin 's -- that 's the dirtiest doggone lie -- who 's a-sayin ' that ? continued o~ kt #02119 73 116-b continued - 2 116-8 117 118 patsy ( smile ) gal that be sleepin ' with everybody and still be not gettin’ nowhere . whoo -- you get a temper big as you voice , be not you ? that 's good -- they both come in handy in this business . loretta ( suddenly ) I just can not believe I be a-standin ' here talkin ' to patsy cline ! oh , patsy , so many good thing be a - happenin ' so fast to I and doolittle -- he 's my husband only most people call he Mooney -- and now , meetin ' you -- patsy , you be not mad at I for doin ' you song tonight , be you ? patsy ( softly ) mad ? if anything , I be scared -- you do it so good , I ... ( stop ; have tear in she eye ) well . most people would not have think of singin ' to I like that . 'wipe she eye ) listen : when I get outta here I and you gonna go out together and raise some hell -~ okay ? we country gal orta stick together . int . grand ole opry stage - night - patsy 117 fully recover -- very glamourous , smile , very much a star , sweep on stage to loud applause and sing " back in 's baby 's arm . " in the wing , Loretta stand watch , unconsciously imitate patsy 's movenent . patsy turn and smile at she , Loretta smile back happily . song continue . int . tootsie' backroom - night 118 noisy , smoky , crowded with musician and singer . patsy burst in the backdoor with Loretta , wave at acquaintance and head for a booth where Charlie and doolittle be drink , pour bourbon into " set-up " under the table . continued my 118 118- a #02119 74 continued 118 patsy what have y'all two devil be doin ' besides gettin ' in trouble -- do not tell I . hey , tootsie -- bring we two co-colas ! charlie hey , patsy , Mooney say he 's gonna take I squirrel huntin' . patsy ( try Charlie 's drink ) do not you bring home no squirrel , Charlie Dick . when I leave Virginia I swore I would never eat another damn squirrel long as I live . loretta Boy , I love squirrel meat . do not you like squirrel , patsy ? patsy reckon I must . I marry Charlie . Charlie laugh loudly ; patsy hug he affectionately . patsy Charlie know I love he -- but I have to remind he ever now and then he be not nothin 's but a damn tax deduction . loretta ( pick it up ) yeah , doolittle Lynn , that go for you , too . and do not you forget it ! doo do not laugh . his eye narrow . int . there nashville house - day 118 - a small , modest house . doo on phone set up a appointment for Loretta ; she make sandwich for the kid . through the window she see patsy 's cadillac roar into the driveway . patsy get out wave and burst into the house . patsy Little gal -- you and Mooney be comin ' on the road with I . how soon can you get ready ? continued my 118- a 119 120 120 - a 121 #02119 75 continued 118-a loretta the road ...? doolittle we can not do it , patsy . we get meetin' , record date ~~~ patsy they will be here when you get back . you can not be a country singer without you go on the road -~ now you gotta go , it 's all set . loretta we could get my brother to set with the kid -- aw , doo , can not we go ? doolittle be Charlie goin ' ? patsy Charlie do not like the road . besides , he 's get a day job . loretta doggone it , I be a-goin ' . how about it , doo . you comin ' , too ? he look at she levelly , then nod . patsy throw she arm around Loretta . doo go into the kitchen where the kid be eat , watch curiously . ext . patsy bus - two lane highway - day 119 a old model bus speed down the highway . int. bus - day 120 patsy and lorraine ride together , look at sight along the way , laugh . doo stare out the window nearby . patsy 's band be also aboard . ext . honky tonk - night 120 - a the bus pulis in behind it . int . honky tonk ~ night 121 the place be pack as patsy finish " walkin ' after Midnight . " continued 121 122 #02119 76 continued 121 doo and Loretta be in the crowd near the stage . deo be drink . slick cowboy number two come up to Loretta . slick number two hey , honey , how ' bout dancin " one ? loretta ( motion to doo ) ask my husband . slick move off . loretta if you do not get I a weddin ' ring soon I swear I be gonna buy my own self one . doolittle I will get you a weddin ' ring , do not worry . loretta when ? we Golden weddin ' day ? patsy be introduce she ( ad lib ) and she go on stage . loretta this here 's a song I write about my husband . that 's he standin ' right over there , boy , with that mean , jealous look . she sing " do not come Home a - drinkin " ( with lovin ' on you mind . ) doo at bar order drink from the bartender . bartender that 's you wife up yonder , be not it ? ( doo nod ) she make it and you spend it , huh ? Boy , you get it make . doo tense , consider bashing he face in ; do not . turn back and watch Loretta , growl , drink . int . bus - moving - night 122 doo 's asleep . Loretta be a few seat away , a flashlight propped as she write a song . patsy wander up , Loretta stop . continued my 122 123 and 124 125 #02119 77 continued patsy do not stop -- I be just wanderin' , can not sleep .... loretta it be not comin ' , anyway . patsy a new song ? that 's a gift . I wish I have , bein ' able to write . how do you do it ? loretta I just watch to see what I and doolittle be gonna do , and write it down . patsy oshow a piece of paper ) here 's a new one they send I . see what you think . patsy sing a few bar of " sweet dream of you . " loretta mm . that 's pretty . patsy ai not it ? first time I hear it I think I be gonna cream my jeans . loretta what 's that mean ? patsy look at she , then lean over and whisper in she Loretta look surprised . loretta aw , woman can not do that . ( beat ) can they ? omitted ext . SMALL fairground stage - night ear . the bus be pull in behind the outdoor stage where a crew be run sound check . 122 123 and 124 125 my 126 127 #02119 78 int . bus - parked - night 126 a curtain strung over the bus ' backseat make a dress room . room . mirror propped on seat , etc . patsy and Loretta be dress . sound of show in b.g . patsy do not you ever wear no makeup ? loretta doo do not like it . he like I natural . patsy ai not nothin ' more natural than '' makeup . here . toss Loretta some lipstick , eye liner , powder which Loretta happily put on with the air of do something forbidden . patsy ( get up ) I be gonna bring you on right after my first song , so be ready . Loretta nod ; patsy go . Loretta continue make up . int . front of bus - nigit 127 desert except for doo , slump in a seat , sip from a pint bottle . patsy hear sing in the b.g. Loretta come out of the back head for the door , see doo , she be startle . loretta you scared I . what be you doin ' sittin ' there like that ? doolittle ( peer at she ) what you get on you face ...? loretta I just think I would try it -- you like it ? doolittle you know I do not like it -- get it off . loretta no . doolittle I say get it off --- continued 127 128 129 130 131 #02119 79 continued 127 he lurch out of he seat for she but she quickly run off the bus toward the stage . doo stand glower angrily in the dark . ext . the stage - night 128 Loretta enter to applause and she and patsy begin " sweet dream of you . " ext . backstage area - night 129 intercut with above . as the girl sing in close harmony doo wander , resentful , drink . near the stage a few car be pull up , include a late model convertible with a attractive blonde sit on the fender , watch the show . doo look interestedly at she ; she return it .... omitted 130 ext . area near bus - night 131 show be over ; crowd go . Bus be run and load . patsy and Loretta walk toward it from the stage -- they have be signing autograph . Loretta suddenly see the convertible -- with doo and the blonde kissing inside . the blonde be wear doo 's hat . Loretta 's throat catch ; she eye blaze . she stalk furiously toward the car . the blonde look up startle : loretta woman , if you wanna keep that arm you better get it offa my husband --- woman ( defiantly ) who you tellin' what ? loretta I be just about to stop tellin ' and start hittin' --- woman well , let I tell you something ! -- if you be keepin ' you man satis - fied he would not have to go nowhere else ! Loretta start for she ; but the woman quickly back ~ pedal around the car . the bus horn honk in the b.g . continued my 131 132 133 #02119 80 continued 131 loretta ( to woman ) I be not get time to fool with you now . ( to doolittle ) you come on , if you can walk -- they gonna leave without we . doolittle {they hurry for the bus ) I can walk all right . what be you gettin’ in such a uproar about ? I be not doin ' nothin ' anyway . loretta yeah , I see you doin ' nothin 's --- doolittle I get tired of standin ' around by myself -- I need somebody to talk to --- loretta that do not look like no talkin’ to I --- she get on the bus ; he follow . int . bus - night 132 the other watch as they continue the fight . loretta I be warning you ~- I better not ever catch you with trash like that again --- doolittle do not you warn I about nothin' , woman -- you hear I ? not about nothin ' ! they realize everybody be watch they . they sit in separate seat , still furious . patsy look concerned . the bus pull out . int . bus - day = moving 133 doo slump , glower , hang over . Loretta be angry too , scribbling furiously on a piece of paper . the rest of the bus watch they as if they be about to explode . continued tw 133 135 136 #02119 81 continued 133 loretta ( after a moment ) doo ? listen here to this . ( read from paper ) ' woman like you be a dime a dozen you can find them anywhere . for you to move in I would have to move over and I be gonna stay right here . it will be over my dead body so get out while you can . ' Cause you be not woman enough to take my man . ' the other watch tensely as doo growl , raise he bloodshot eye . doolittle where and the hell you get the idea for they thing , I will never know . Loretta look at he incredulously -- he grin . then. she grin . he put he arm around she as the other look on in amazement . int . recording studio - decca - day 134 Owen Bradley supervise a large professional recording session of " you ai not woman enough . " doo and the kid watch proudly from the booth . ext . nashville STREET - day 135 patsy 's cadillac pull up to the curb in front of a expensive woman 's store and she and Loretta get out , wave good - bye to doo and Charlie in the car . patsy y 'all go somewhere and get in trouble -- I and Loretta gonna do some heavy spendin ' ! the car roar off and the woman , dress in western outfit and boot , go into --- int . expensive women' wear store - day 136 a " Old Nashville " store , staid and snobbish . Loretta be a little intimidate , but not patsy . continued o~ no 136 #02119 continued she move 82 136 patsy ( to blue-haire saleslady ) hey , honey ? we need a major over - haul here -- I want you to turn this little heifer into a thorough - breed mare . can you handle that ? saleslady ( stiffly ) we will need some measurement . i'11l get my tape . off . patsy Nashville 's just full of people that wish there be not any country people in country music . loretta you be talkin’ to she kind of smart . patsy I talk to she the way I talk to everybody . she 's the kind talk different dependin ' on how much money she 's talkin’ to . ( suddenly ) Lord , look at that -- I gotta have I that ! she rush to a lingerie display and look at a mannequin wear a brief shortie nightgown -- bright red . patsy I gotta have one . you get one , too -- give ol ' Mooney a charge . loretta I need to give he somethin' , way he 's be actin ' lately . the saleslady return , all smile now , with a smile manager . manager miss cline , it 's a pleasure to welcome you to we store . patsy thank you , darlin’ . listen -- I want you to fix this little gal up right -- top to bottom , inside and out , the work , okay ? oh -- and wrap up one of they red night - gowns for I . Red 's the color continued my 136 137 137 - a #02119 83 continued - 2 patsy ( cont would ) drive man wild -- you know that , honey ? saleslady ( graciously ) it surely be , yes indeed . just come with I , miss . she lead Loretta off to a fitting room as patsy grin . ext . parking lot - late afternoon 136 137 in the cadillac , Charlie doze in the front seat . doo seethes in the back with a bottle . look up and see --- patsy and loretta - parking lot 137 - a come towards the car , Loretta look beautiful and cityish in a new dress , hairdo , ané@ makeup . she step up to doo proudly . he look up at she . loretta what do you think , doo ? doolittle get that junk off you face . loretta no . I like it and it 's a-stayin' . doolittle {getting threateningly out of the car ) you know I do not like that stuff . you just testin ' I -- be that it ? patsy hey , hold on a minute now -- look , Mooney , it be my idea , but just look at she -- she 's beautiful ~-- loretta you do not have to explain nothin’ to he , patsy . if I want to wear makeup I will wear it --- doolittle you will do what I tell you -- by God , I raise you the way I want you and you be not gonna change now --- loretta you can not boss I no more ! I will do like I want to -- you be not my daddy ! continued my 137 - a 138 139 140 #02119 84 continued 137- a doo slap she hard ; she reel back , then go at he with fist , foot , etc . they fight viciously as a crowd gather -- recognize she and patsy , snap away with camera . Loretta swing she purse at he head -- doo throw up he hand to block it -- and the purse hit he finger with a audible pop . he draw back , cursing , hold he finger . patsy get in the car y'all -- hurry --- loretta ( worried as doo clutches he finger ) be it break , doo ? maybe we orta find a doctor --- doolittle I will find all the damn doctor I need myself ! he stalk off across the parking lot . patsy pull Loretta -- look regretfully at doo -- into the car and they speed off . int . nashville house - night 138 Loretta , makeup go from she face , fold the new dress into a box , to return it . she be in pain -- a migraine headache . she stop what she 's do , clutching she temple . take some aspirin . she hear a car in the driveway , look out and see --- . ext . driveway - her point of view - night 139 a taxi cab let doo out . he come slowly to the house . int . house - night 140 he come in , avoid she eye . his finger be bandage . loretta it 's really bust , huh ? he start for the bedroom . loretta ai not you gonna talk , doo ? I know continued my 140 141 142 #02119 85 continued : 140 loretta ( cont would ) what happen today , it be not about I wearin ' no makeup . why do not you talk to I ? doolittle ( slowly ) I think what I be gonna do ... be get I a job somewhere . truck drivin’ , mechanicin ' , something ' I be good eat . loretta you be good at managin ' I . I would not be here if it be not for you . doolittle gettin ' here 's one thing . bein ' here 's another . my job 's do . so I will just find I another and . loretta if this be gonna break we up then I will quit , doo . I mean it . doolittle successful people can not quit , baby . nsee she hold she head ) get another one of you headache ? she nod . doolittle just like you daddy . coal dust give he he headache . I guess I be what give ‘em to you ... ( take something from he pocket ) figure it be about time . it 's a wedding ring . she look at it , start to cry . they hold each other . int . service station - day 141 doo work on a car on a rack , favor he still - bandage finger . Radio play " you ai not woman enough . " he smile . int . patsy cline' live room - day 142 a modern , sink room : patsy 's small son Randy rock vigor - ously on a hobby horse . patsy sit embroider a tablecloth , listen to a tape of herself sing " crazy . " a knock at the door : Loretta . continued kt 142 02119 continued 86 142 patsy you must be a mind reader : I be just gonna call you to come and listen to this new stuff I cut -- come on in . patsy go to start the tape again ; do not notice Loretta 's worried expression . patsy ( cue the tape ) I be a little worried about maybe I be gettin ' too far away from country -- tell I what you think . nsee she mood ) what 's wrong , honey ? loretta patsy ... I be pregnant again .... patsy ( pause ) Randy ... go play in the other room , darlin’ ... ( he go ) I guess with four other , you be pretty sure ....? loretta ( néd ) I do not wanna have it , patsy . I be haven ' baby since I be fourteen -- I be gettin ' to be a stranger to the one I already get --- patsy ( hold she ) easy , little gal ... there 's way of ... not havin ' baby . your would not be the first that come along at the wrong time . you under - stand , honey ? loretta I be not get no right not to want to have this baby . I be just selfish , patsy , just thinkin’ of I . patsy what 's Mooney think ? loretta I think maybe he 's thinkin ' it will get we back like we use to be . continued kt # 02119 87 142 continued - 2 142 loretta ( cont would ) ( beat ) I gotta get home to the kid . I do not even get to hear you tape . patsy plenty of time later for that -- hey , wait a minute . I get some stuff to give you . she get a cardboard box full of clothes from the closet . patsy somehow this doggone clothes have just hang here in the closet and shrink . includin ' this . she hold up the red shortie nightgown . patsy ( wink ) Red would the color drive ‘em wild , honey . loretta doo 's wild enough all ready . 143 ext . patsy house - day 143 they walk to Loretta 's car . patsy listen , I be doin 's a benefit over in Kansas City this weekend but when I get back , we will go do some shoppin ' for the baby -- okay ? loretta thanks , patsy . for everything . she start to get into the car . patsy hey -- be not you gonna hug I goodbye ? Loretta put the box down and embrace patsy . loretta you be the only friend I get , patsy . continued kt 143 144 145 146 147 #02119 88 continued 143 patsy I and you , little gal , we be gonna stick together , no matter what . int . bedroom ~ morning 144 doo and Loretta sleep , she 's wear the shortie nightgown . the clock radio click on play patsy 's " sweet dream of you . " Loretta come awake , smile sleepily , hearing patsy . doo stir . radio {as song end ) we will continue we special memorial tribute to the late patsy cline in a moment . patsy cline , dead at 29 , in a plane crash yesterday . Loretta stumble out of bed to the phone , tremblingly try to dial . doo quickly come after she . doolittle what be you doin ' , baby --- loretta she can not be dead -- we be goin 's shoppin 's ~-- doo gently take the phone from she . int . patsy live room - night - her coffin 145 with patsy 's frame photograph on it , in the midst of dozen of mourner ; acre of flower . Charlie Dick be dissolve in grief . Loretta sit , isolate , in a fold chair , stare at the coffin . doo look at she from across the room . doo' point of view 146 he see she look up suddenly as if speak to . her lip move . she smile . doo get very frighten . int . car - moving - night - hard rain 147 doo drive they home down a dark Nashville street . doolittle one thing we gotta do be find we a bigger house for when the baby continued kt 147 #02119 continued doo turn 89 147 doolittle ( cont would ) come . you gotta think about how much time you be gonna take off . loretta I be gonna get back to work soon 's I can walk . doolittle all right .... the car down a dark street . doolittle you gotta start makin ' some pre - paration for you baby --- loretta you baby you mean . doolittle what do you mean by that ? loretta you get I pregnant again so you can run I like you use to --- doolittle that 's a damn lie ! loretta all my life it 's be people runnin ' I -- daddy , then you -- patsy tell I I gotta run myself , like she do , she say --- she scream -- out of nowhere a train whistle blast : doo slam the break , skid -- as a freight train roar inch in front of they on a blind crossing . both sit tremble as the train rumble past in front of the rain -smear windshield . loretta patsy talk to I , she say we be gonna stick together , no matter what --- doolittle stop that -- you listen to I ! patsy 's dead and go -- just like you daddy 's dead and go : they can not talk to you , they can not do continued kt 147 148 149 #02119 90 continued - 2 147 doolittle ( cont would ) nothin ' -- they be dead ! I be the one that 's alive ! I be the one that 's here ! the train rattles past in the rain . both calm themselves , look tentatively at each other .... int . hospital waiting area - day 148 a nurse bring out a baby girl and hand it to doo . he cradle it happily . then another nurse come out with another baby girl and agive it to he . he stand , shocked , hold the twin . a doctor come out and look at he -- doo 's face break into a large grin . int . recovery room - day 149 Loretta in bed hold the two baby . doo be nearby . loretta I get the name , doo. Peggy and patsy . doolittle which one 's which ? loretta ( leok at they , puzzle ) I do not know . ( beat ) reckon we will just have to wait to see who grow up to be who . doolittle one thing 's for sure . we can not put off no longer findin ' we a bigger house somewhere . doolittle but right now , you gotta get some rest . loretta I be not get time to get no rest . I be goin ' back to work , doo , quick as I can . I be start now , start real good , and I be gonna keep a-goin ' . I be gonna work just as hard as I can as long as I can . so when I die , everybody 's gonna know I be here .... continued kt 149 150 151 #02119 91 continued 149 doo listen , say nothing . dissolve to montage 150 camera reveal the extent of Hurricane Mills inside and out : the ante-bellum mansion , the descend concrete step with Loretta 's and Mooney 's name inlaid ; the mill house and pond ; and inside , the stairwell line with dozen of frame album cover ; wall line with award of all kind . mingle with this image be shot of Loretta 's modern bus roaring down a highway ; then a large auditorium , a cheer crowd , she band , the coal miner , on stage in orange jumpsuit , a introduction : " lady and gentlemen , the first Lady of country Music , the only woman to win entertainer of the Year ; one of the country 's most admire woman -- miss Loretta Lynn ! " Loretta sweep on stage , a full - blow star now , in she charac - teristic long dress and long hair . she sing , enjoy she - self . ( Music over montage : " the pill " , " one 's on the Way " , and finally , Loretta perform " you be lookin 's at country . ) int . auditorium - later 151 show be over , seat be empty -- but hundred of fan be line up for autograph , pass before Loretta like pilgrim at a shrine , as she lean down to they from the edge of the stage . fan buy picture , album , at table set up nearby and hold they up to be autograph . many fan be in wheel - chair or elderly . Children be pass up to be photograph with she . there be genuine affection between she and the fan ; she smile and banter with each of they ( ad lib ) as the sell and pack up go on around she . fan ( 1 ) Loretta , next time you be here you gonna come and eat some catfish with we , you hear ? ( 2 ) will you hug my little girl while I take y'all 's picture ? I bet you miss you twin , do not you ? ( 3 ) Old man in wheelchair : I have this stroke and ' bout . near die and I say . no. sir . I be not a-fixin ' to die ' till I get loretty Lynn to give I a big ol ' kiss ? middle -nage woman Loretta , where 's that husband of yours , that Mooney ? continued 1f1 151 152 153 02119 . 92 continued 151 loretta honey , he stay home and go a-huntin' . but I do not know what he 's a-huntin ' . second woman I be readin ' about he in one of they gossip papers -- drinkin’ and cheatin' . why in the world do you put up with it ? loretta well , darlin' , there be not but one man ever perfect in this world , and they crucify he . thank the Lord , I do not ever have to worry about doolittle gettin ' crucify . ext , hurricane mill - house and driveway - day 152 a modern jeep roar up the driveway contain doo and the twin -- now ’six year ’old . Jeep stop -- twin leap out and run for the house , doo chase they and . scoops they up under he arm and run inside . int . bathroom - day 153 doo kick open the door , plop the twin down , turn on the bathtub as the girl start peel off they dirty playclothes . doo wear muddy farmclothes and caterpillar cap and be unshaven . doolittle do not splash water all over the floor now -- patsy , you scrub 's they foot good . you be dirty as a little pig . peggy she look like a pig , too . patsy well , if I look like one then you do , too ! doolittle you lama 's comin ' home soon . and ya will gonna act like lady instead of heathern . continued 1fl 153 154 155 156 02119 93 continued 153 peggy aw , she will just be sleepin ' the whole time she 's here anway . patsy hey , daddy : -- can we have pork chop for supper ? we want pork chop ! they jump into the tub , splash . doo exit . int . live room —- day 154 doo go to a large mantel which contain photo of the older child : Ernest Ray in warine 's uniform ; Betty Sue with husband ; Jack and cissy grow . from behind a photograph of himself and Loretta he fish a pint of Old Charter and drink . then go toward kitchen . int . backstage corridor - night 155 Loretta , exhaust , be lead by Jim webb , she driver , towards the exit . dozen of fan hurry along beside she . a sad - face woman stop she : sad -face woman Loretta , I want to tell you , when you sing ... I feel like you be talkin’ about my life . I make this for you . hand Loretta a doll make in she image . Loretta , touch , hug she . sad -face woman ( solicitously ) you look so tired . be you all right ? loretta I be beat , honey . feel like I be on the road forever . she smile and turn to go when suddenly a pair of scissors flash into she hair -- she scream . Jim webb curse and hurry she out the door . a fan -- a-plump , gum - chew woman -~ proudly display a swatch of Loretta 's hair to she friend . int . bus - loretta's compartment - moving - night 156 she be in the throes of a migraine headache . she find some pill , take they , lie back and try to sleep . kt 157 158 159 #02119 94 ext . bus - highway - night Bus whine down the dark , endless highway .... ext . hurricane mill - day doo operate a backhoe make a drainage ditch at the of the yard ; the twin ride with he . the bus pass on the road and turn up the driveway ; doo roar after it on backhoe . ext . driveway - day the bus stop ; doo and the twin jump off the backhoe move to the bus . Loretta get off , look tired and doo go to she , the twin hang back . doolittle hi , baby . how you feelin' ? loretta tired. ( see Peggy ) hey , twin -- get over here and gimme a hug . peggy ( sullen ) my name be not twin . loretta when do you reckon I be gonna be able to tell y'all apart ? patsy prob 'ly never . doolittle y'all mind you manners or I be gonna beat some little butt -- help Jim get mama 's stuff off the bus . they start for the house . doolittle get a lot to show you around here . break about fifty acre of that bottomland , ready for plantin' . plus I finally get around to be - modellin ' that kitchen -- wait will you see what I do to it --- Inside the phone ring . doo curse under he breath . doolittle how they know the minute you be home beat the hell outta I . continued 157 158 foot the 159 ° and sick . 1f1 159 160 02119 95 continued . 159 he storm inside to the phone . the twin dart past with some of she luggage . she stop they . loretta listen ... mama could tell y'all apart ... ' cept I be just so tired .... they look at each other , turn and run into the house . Inside doo be hear on the phone : " she just get home , give she a break , willya ? " etc . she stand look at the house a moment , then go in . int . bedroom - night 160 the doll from the sad - face fan be on a shelf with dozen of other . Loretta move in and out of the bathroom get ready for bed . doo lounge , obviously hope they will make love tonight . he watch as she look at she hair in the mirror . doolittle you do somethin’ to you hair ? loretta this fan cut it for I . doolittle look good . she give he a look . doolittle you look skinny . you eatin ' enough on the road ? loretta " Bout like usual , I be havin ' my headache like daddy use to have . doolittle you takin ' anything for it ? loretta this pill . but they do not do no good . ai not nothin ' do no good . just a family ailment , in we blood . doolittle maybe you orta slow down some . continued 1f1 160 161 162 02119 96 continued 160 loretta if you slow down , they forget about you . ( start for bed , see he look hopefully at she ) I gotta rest , doo . doolittle I be not gonna bother you . do not worry . he turn and go . she take some sleep pill , turn out the light . ext . millpond and bridge - night 161 under the stream of the milldam be a row of spotlight : a gunshot ; one explode ; another shot , another explode ... on the bridge be doo with a rifle , methodically shoot out the light . int . live room - night 162 doo come in with a bottle . the phone ring piercingly . cursing he pick it up . doolittle it 's one o'clock in the mornin 's -- what the hell do you want ? ( listen ; sigh ) Loretta be not here now , lady , she 's on the road . how would you get this number ? ( listen ; shake he head sadly ; continue soothingly ) take it easy now , lady . do not cry . I will give Loretta you message . you like she last album a lot . she love you , too . she will pray for you , too . stop cryin ' , now , honey . will you ? just stop cryin ' ... and get yourself some sleep . it will be better in the mornin’ . naw , you do not wake I up . what ? yeah , that 's right , darlin’ . it 's a lot of lonesome people in this world . good night , now . kt 163 #02119 97 int . live room - day 163 Loretta come in in she bathrobe , see doo sleep on the sofa in he clothes , the bottle nearby . she look at he , disturb . hear the twin outside , she look out the window and see they play in the yard . start to go out when she see a station wagon full of fan pull up in the driveway , snap picture of the twin who blithely ignore they . the fan spot she , she duck back inside , they wave and shout enthusiastically . doo stir , get up , come to the window . ~ doolittle ( wearily ) I will go tell them they be not suppose to be up here ... I swear I be gonna build another damn house somewhere . just let ‘em have this one . loretta everything we get we owe they . leave ‘em alone . doolittle we be the one have to live with it , not you . you be not here long enough . a female fan outside keep yell " Loretta ? " over and over : '' can you come out , Loretta ? " loretta listen , doo . I want you to come out on the road with I this time . doolittle you know what happen when I get out on the road . loretta it be not just the road that 's you problem . when I come in here this mornin ' , see you a-layin ' there like that ... well , I and you gotta get together and see if we get anything leave . anyway , I need you out there . I be gettin ' run to death . the fan keep call : suddenly she go outside . doo stand thoughtfully look out the window as she smile and pose with the twin . kt 164 165 166 167 168 #02119 98 int . backstage auditorium - night 164 doo burst through a stage entrance lead Loretta , the usual backstage throng converge on she , reach for she . they move quickly through the backstage area to the wing of a large stage . they stop . she wait , poise as she 's be introduce ( by Don , the front man , onstage ) . doo look at she , but she concentration be on the audience . she enter , sweeping on stage , smile , wave , become instantly she public self . flashbulb explode , audience roar . doo be leave alone . he watch a moment as she begin a new song . then he begin to wander , nothing to do . Old trap feel come over he . he head for the stage door and out --- ext . the bus - night 165 he walk to the bus and get on . int . the bus - night 166 Bus empty except for two man at the drop-down table count money , which they deal into stack of one , fives , ten , twentys . doo lie down and pull he hat over he eye . int . the stage - night 167 Loretta sing the new song , have trouble remember the word . she turn to the leader , Dave , who call out the lyric to she . she go on ; stumbling , get angry at herself . int . the bus 168 doo half - asleep look up quickly as Loretta storm on angrily , say nothing , stalk straight back to she compartment . musician file on . Dave , the leader , quietly give doo a roll of quarter - inch tape . dave could you give this to she , Mooney ? it 's the new song , she have some trouble with the word tonight .... doolittle ( look back at close compartment ) yeah ... I will catch she with it later . Jim webb begin move the bus onto the road . kt 169 170 171 #02119 99 ext . interstate - day : 1639 Bus whoosh down the interstate . int . loretta's compartment - night 170 she sleep restlessly ; shade be draw ; could be day or night ; bus could be move or stop ( should be the illusion that this scene be continuous with the previous one ) . she sudden - ly jerk awake , peek through curtain -- the bus be stop , we be in anonymous , impersonal backstage area . a few fan see she and flash they camera . she close the curtain . touches she head in pain . loretta doo. doo ? what time be it , doo ? no answer . she get up and take some pill for she headache . start get dress when she see the tape mark " new song . " start to put it on she tape machine when she drop it -- and the tape spill out everywhere . upset she try to rewind it , make it worse . loretta doo ? doo ! be it time for I to go on ? her head be worse , she almost faint . tangled in the tape she get to she foot , can hardly stand . she open the door to the bus -- it 's empty , dark . loretta doo! doolittle ...! close the door , sag back onto she bed , in great pain . she look at the pill bottle -- can not remember whether she 's take any or not . take some more . int . backstage corridor - night 171 doo come down the corridor towards the stage door . Loretta come in , alone , she face look draw and sick . doolittle I be just comin ' to get you . you ready ? loretta where you be ... you be suppose to take care of I .... continued kt 1721 172 #02119 100 continued 171 doolittle that 's what I be doin ' , be not it ? let 's go . he hurry she down the corridor through the usual throng . int . the wing - night 172 he escort she to the edge of the stage ; she be daze , nervous . he do not see . doolittle you learn that song ? loretta what song ...? doolittle that new song -- I give you the tape . you be suppose to learn it --- loretta ( upset ) I do not know it , doo -- I do not learn it --- doolittle take it easy . Drop it for tonight . loretta I can not sing tonight , doo . get somebody to tell ‘em , doolittle you can sing all right . they people out there pay good money to hear you , you be not gonna let ‘em down , loretta I be not gonna sing , doo ! doolittle you want I to come along to take care of you -- well , that 's just what I be gonna do , just like I always do when you get like this . I may not can do anything else for you anymore but I can sure as hell kick you rear end out there and make you sing . continued kt 172 173 #02119 . 101 continued 172 she look at he , say nothing . a little smile come on she lip . onstage , Don the front man , begin he introduction . loretta ( quietly ) you listen good now , doo ... you gonna listen ...? doolittle ( puzzle ) sure I will listen ... always do .... she go onstage ; doo watch with a worried expression . int . the stage - night 173 the coal miner vamp the intro to the new song . she go to the mike , peer out : flashbulb explode in she face , as always . the audience be a dark , inextinguishable presence . she miss she cue , band look worried . she turn and stop they . loretta ( in microphone ) I have something 's I want to come out here and tell y'all tonight ... but doo , now he do not want I to say nothin ' , but ... I can tell you , friend ... see , thing be a-movin ' too fast in my life , always have , I mean , shoot , one day I be a little girl and the next day I be a wife and a mother and ... one day I be a-keepin ' house and the next day I be out here in ' front of y'all ... and patsy , she 's always sayin ' , little gal , you gotta run you own life , but ... my life 's a - runnin ' I ... and I .... doo watch , helpless , from the wing . she stop talk , stare blankly out at the audience , which be absolutely silent , as if the hall be empty . finally two band member gently lead she to the wing . she look at doo as if he be a stranger , then collapse . he catch she , pick she up in he arm . confusion all around : " get a doctor ! " '' bring she this way ! " etc . doo start down the corridor , faster and faster until he be almost run . his eye be fill with tear . dissolve to mli 174 175 #02119 102 int . bedroom - hurricane mill ~ day - loretta 174 asleep , wake up , look around -- the doll , the needlepoint , the picture and fan-painted portrait of herself ; finally , the twin stand at she bed , stare at she . she smile , they smile , tentatively . loretta ( to Peggy ) how ya ' doin 's ... ( slight hesitation ) Peggy . peggy just fine , mama . loretta and how you doin ' , patsy . patsy that 's patsy -- I be Peggy . peggy that 's the biggest lie -- she be too patsy , mama ! patsy laugh happily at she joke ; both girl jump in bed and Loretta hug they happily . patsy daddy say you gotta get up , right now . loretta oh , he do , do he ? peggy . yeah -- he say everybody 's waitin ' ---~ patsy blabbermouth -- you be gonna ruin everthing ! loretta what 's goin ' on here ...? ext . front yard - hurricane mill - day - loretta 175 come out and see a family reunion -- table on the lawn , cover dish , mound of food of all kind . Clara , Doc Turner , the coal miner Band , other friend and neighbor , continued mill 175 176 #02119 103 continued 175 and all she child , grow , include Betty Sue ( and husband ) hold a baby . Loretta , touch , happy , hug they all . doo ' be nowhere in sight . betty sue ( hold up baby to Loretta ) look like daddy , do not he , mama ? {to baby ) . can you say hi to you grandma ? loretta ( to baby ) you better not call I grandma -- just say Loretta . clara ( worried ) be you gonna be all right now , honey ? loretta I think so , mommie . Doctor say I be just wear out and if I do not slow down some I be gonna work my - self to death . that 's what they say happen to daddy , be not it ? well , I be not gonna let it happen to I . where 's doolittle ? someone yell " come and get it " and they all gather around the table . she look around but can not spot doo ; then she see | — he --- ext . corral - day 176 amid the huge belgian horse doo be barely visible , lean against the stable in he dirty work clothes , watch . Loretta come to the fence . loretta doo ? ai not you gonna eat ? he look at she , say nothing . then climb over the fence , motion she to get in he jeep . doolittle come on with I . I wanna show you somethin’ . she hesitates , but get in . they drive off . mly 177 178 #02119 104 int . jeep - day ~ moving 177 Silent , doo drive down a gravel road , Loretta both curious and exasperate . suddenly he turn off the road and go cross - country up a wood hill . she hang on for life . ext . ridgeside near pond - day - doo 178 drive up and stop , they get out . a beautiful spot with a vista of mile of wood and farmland . a small caterpillar with a grader sit nearby ; sign of previous grade . doolittle what do you think ? loretta it 's real pretty ... what be you up to , doo ? doolittle I be gonna build a new house here , for we to live in . huliuva view , be not - it ? I pick this spot cause it 's a little like kentucky use to be . Loretta listen with grow disbelief , say nothing . doolittle I be gonna put the bedroom in the front of the house , see , right here , so we can wake up and look out and see the sun comin ' up . now , over here 's gonna be the kitchen --- loretta doggone you , doolittle Lynn ! you never ask I nothin’ " bout no dog - go house ! doolittle I want to surprise you ~-- loretta well , stop surprisin ' I ! Boy , you never ask I about nothin ! -- never do -- you just say , hey baby , here 's the deal , take it or leave ’it --- doolittle I think vou would want a new house -- for the privacy if nothin’ else --- continued mly 178 179 #02119 105 continued 178 loretta I be not say I do not want no new house ~- I just say you be not ask I nothin ' about it ! pause . each stand silently smolder . Loretta look at the ground plan . loretta you put the bedroom here , that daog - go sun 's gonna be shinin ' in the window at five o'clock in the mornin ! -- how be I suppose to sleep ? doolittle well be you too ignorant to pull the damn window blind down ? loretta I be not too ignorant to know you do not put the doggone bedroom in the front of the house -- that 's where the doggone livin ' room orta be ! impasse . doo be growl . loretta stop that growlin ' , doo . he stop , glare at she , growl louder . she glare at he -- and growl back . he stop , surprised . they both look at each other , slowly smile . they shake they head in wonder at the think of two such ornery people still be together . they start for the jeep , doo throw he arm around she , hug she tightly . she continue to talk about the house as we --- cur to int . concert hall - night ~ loretta 179 sing " coal miner 's daughter . " doo listen backstage , smile , sneaking a sip from a half - pint in he jacket . she continue the song until --- fade out the end