cobb written by ron shelton base on material by al stump July 1993 draft for educational purpose only do not go gentle into that good night , Old age should burn and rave at close of day ; rage , rage against the die of the light . Dylan Thomas Nice guy finish last . Leo durocher 1 int . old office ( santa barbara , CA ) - day ( 1960 ) 1 the room be California Spanish , thick wall , arch , and light spill in from a mission window . but we do not have any sense of place just yet . at first there be just detail . extreme closeup on typewriter keys of a old underwood upright , well - wear and ancient . a woman 's fingertip with red nail polish be place on the key . they wiggle . close on pipe in ashtray smoke curl . a man 's hand pick it up . close on man' hat and coat on a coat rack . close on waste basket overflow with crunch - up paper . man lie on a couch near the window . he stand up suddenly and look out the window . al stump , 40 , be sharply dress -- tie , dress shirt , cufflink . he 's stare at something . he Pov - courtyard below - beautiful brunette in high heel cross the courtyard . she glance up toward stump , then quickly turn away and disappear . close on stump he sigh , and turn . stump the muse have not descend , Lucille . ( off she silence ) the muse have not descend . ( off she silence ) God damn it , Lucille , you hear I ? ( continued ) 2 . 1 continued : 1 angle on lucille the woman at the typewriter , a 50 - year old steno / secre - tary , respond calmly . lucille the muse have not descend . stump yes ! the muse have leave I strand here like a beach whale -- only one phrase , one word , from finish the great essay I have ever write ! one word , the right word -- flaubert call it 'le mot juste ' -- I ever tell you that ? Lucille be a longsuffering saint . lucille ' Le mot juste ' -- the exact right word the writer need to tell he story . yessir , you have mention it . stump hemingway , faulkner , Joyce -- they all searched for 'le mot juste ' until they cry , until they ble ... lucille yessir . stump what be this essay about again ? lucille fishing . stump I mean what be it really about ? lucille you say it be about the quote unquote primal issue of survival , man against nature , etcetera -- that 's what you say . stump ohyeah ... so ... we end the essay with ... ( more ) ( continued ) 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 stump ( cont 'd ) ( dictating ) ' the tarpon leap shimmer into the late cross light of the key , a primeval moment freeze in ... ( hesitates ) ... freeze in '... Lucille type it out . lucille shimmer tarpon -- very good , Mr. stump ... ( beat ) ... ' freeze in ' what ? stump ( patiently ) I do not know , Lucille , that 's what the muse will tell I if she ever descend . ( consider ) ... ' freeze in '... the phone ring -- Lucille answer it . lucille yes ? yes ? just a minute , I will see if he 's available . ( cover phone ) it 's you wife -- be you and she speak again ? stump 's cavalier attitude stop cold . he start to reach for the phone , then stop . stump I dunno . how do she sound ? lucille do not ask I to interpret . stump be suddenly a nervous wreck . he hesitates . stump tell she ... tell she ... I will talk ... no ... tell she I be out -- I will call she later ... ( serious , dark ) God damn it . ( continued ) 4. 1 continued : ( 3 ) 1 lucille ( on phone ) apparently he 's out , Mrs. stump -- I will have he call you back . she hang up . the mood have shift . stump I need a drink . lucille what about 'le mot juste , ' Mr. stump ? stump ( snap ) fuck 'le mot juste , ' Lucille ! finish the damn thing yourself . ' the primeval moment be freeze in ' whatever the hell you want it to be . do you know that James Joyce let he secretary -- none other than Samuel beckett -- revise and edit Molly 's solliloquy in Ulysses ? you be my beckett -- I give you 'le mot juste ! ' just get the damn thing in the mail so I can get pay . silence . lucille problem with the Mrs .? stump reach for a beat - up pogo stick which lean against the wall in he office . stump I do not know . I need a drink . he grab he hat and coat and we begin hearing the number one hit song of 1960 , percy faith be schmaltzy recording of " a summer place . " CUT to : 2 ext . downtown STREET - late afternoon 2 stump pogo stick down the sidewalk , tipping he hat to pedestrian . they be not alarmed . he 's the town eccentric . he pogo across a street and towards -- CUT to : 5 . 3 ext . the sportsman' lounge - late afternoon 3 a water hole like a million other . he pogo stick right in the front door . CUT to : 4 int . the sportsman be - late afternoon 4 a classic city bar , a hangout for drunk , philosopher , and especially sportswriter and journalist . we man hop off he pogo stick -- nobody even notice , and join he croney , five sportswriter full of dogmatic opinion on every subject know to man . frank , a sportswriter , be at the jukebox feed quarter . he look up routinely , they be all regular here . frank hey , stumpy ... stump address the sportswriter at the table as if they be a small audience in a lounge . stump awright , awright ... how do you get five old lady to say ' fuck ? ' cronies ( stump ) jeez , I dunno , how ? etc ... stump yell ' bingo . ' stump laugh . the other groan . reynaldo , 40' , black , speak up . he 's one of the regular . reynaldo okay , I get one -- ( beat ) a drunk be take a piss in front of a bar , a bus drive by , real fast right along the curb , and knock he thing off . drunk pick up he thing , put it in he pocket , go into a bar , reach into he pocket and put he thing on the bar . ' loo kot that , ' he say , ' bus knock my thing off . ' bartender say , ' that be not you thing -- that 's a cigar butt . ' ( more ) ( continued ) 6 . 4 continued : 4 reynaldo ( cont 'd ) drunk reach into he other pocket and slap another thing on the bar . ' there , ' he say , ' bus knock my thing off . ' bartender say , ' you be drunk and that be not you thing either . that 's another cigar butt . ' ( beat ) drunk look down at both cigar butt and back up at the bartender and say , ' God damn it , I mushta smoke my dick . ' everyone roar , even stump . but Frank , as usual , be hyper serious and never quite get into the revelry . frank amidst this levity , gentleman , I have some real concern . Mark my word , people will look back on this year and say that 1960 be the year that western civilization begin its downward trajectory . bill you need to get laid , Frank . frank guy , guy , c'mon ... do you really think thing be as good as they use to be ? you think Jack Kennedy be qualified to be President ? bill Kennedy may not be qualified , but -- Jackie 's a babe -- and that 's good enough for I . reynaldo they be a happily marry couple and that oughta stand for something this day ... every man nod in solemn agreement . mud speak of be happily marry , Al , be you and you old lady still have problem ? ( continued ) 7. 4 continued : ( 2 ) 4 stump oh no , the wife and I be all patch up -- doin ' fantastic . cronies good to hear ... awright ... way to go , stumpy ... ( etc . ) frank I mean look at we -- we call ourselves writer but we just watch ballgame and get drunk a lot . you call that write ? stump yes I do . mud in the department store of life , sport be the toy department -- so what ? bill yeah , besides , Alan here 's write a serious novel , be not ya ? mud yeah , well I have not start yet but I be gonna . I have be busy . frank you guy be pathetic . ya write for one reason -- a paycheck . stump more art be create for money than for passion . take you platitude and shove them , Frank . I be gonna write a novel too , someday . frank ( cynically ) the great american novel , I suppose ? stump it could come from my pen . frank you be a barbershop writer , Al -- you write sugar - coat piece for guy to skim when they be wait for a haircut ! ( continued ) 8. 4 continued : ( 3 ) 4 stump awright , that 's it ! let 's go ! settle this right here ! stump raise he fist as if to fight ; Frank respond . mud hey ! a scuffle break out , a lot of posture , feint , but they be all too chicken to do anything . nobody want to fight . a phone ring at the bar . the bartender answer the phone , shout at the obnoxious sportwriter . reynaldo stump ! for you . stump go to the phone , interrupt he own " fight . " stump ( to Frank ) phone call save you ass . stump grab the phone , cover a ear to hear better . stump ( on phone ) yeah ... yeah ... who ?... no ... you be kid ?... when ? stump hang up the phone and turn . his face register shock , or more precisely , bewilderment and wonder . stump hey ... ( as they ignore he ) shut up ! they do , and give stump they ruffle attention . stump cobb want to see I . mud cobb who ? stump ty cobb ! how many cobb be there ?! this news instantly sober the room . ( continued ) 9 . 4 continued : ( 4 ) 4 frank ty cobb ? I think he be dead ? stump not yet . he say he want to tell I the real story of he life before he croak . bill you be just talk to ty cobb ? stump the Georgia Peach himself . this impress the hell out of everyone in the room . even stump be still a little daze . frank they say cobb be crazy . the meanest sonofabitch who ever live . mud I hear he kill a man . bill maybe so , but -- he be the great baseball player of they all . cronies yeah , the best , no one close , etc ... Frank suddenly be cautionary , concerned , paternal . frank listen , Al , be careful -- stump I be not gettin ' my ass shot , do not worry ... frank no , not that -- the story . ( beat ) this be like Ivan the terrible invite somebody into the czar 's palace before he die . stump except Ivan be a nicer guy ... ( continued ) 10 . 4 continued : ( 5 ) 4 frank ( concerned , earnest ) do not let cobb bullshit you . this be you shot . this be all we shot . ( as croney agree ) when do he want to see you ? stump immediately . CUT to : 5 int . nearly empty movie theater - day 5 Al stump sit alone in the theater , except for a teenage boy sweeping the aisle , who stop to watch the screen . stump ( v.o. ) I gather all the film footage that exist on cobb -- which be not much -- and rent the local theater for the afternoon ... ( beat ) I , too , have think that the great ty cobb have be dead for awhile ... 6 angle on screen 6 the screen fill with ( b&amp ; W ) movietone newsreel footage of ty cobb , complete with overly sincere narration and music . newsreel narrator ( v.o. ) this 1905 cameo of a 18 - year - old youth show a peach - and - cream complexion and the pierce eye of a lad who would become , etc ... onscreen ( b&amp ; W ) -- cobb as a young ballplayer follow by image of cobb 's famous bat stance , cobb clowning , etc . stump ( v.o. ) his reputation as be difficult at best , psychotic at worst , precede he . but if there be one thing I know after all my year as a journalist cover politician , celebrity , and sport heroes , it be this -- ( continued ) 11 . 6 continued : 6 onscreen ( b&amp ; W ) -- cobb with child , cobb with celebri - tie , cobb in a parade honore he , and always , cobb 's dash , swashbuckle style of play . stump ( v.o. ) the ' fact ' -- and public perception of that ' fact ' -- frequently bear little resemblance . onscreen ( b&amp ; W ) -- cobb in action -- his demon fury give way to the fierce joy of he play . he slashes a ball up the alley , turn first and never hesitates at second , and as the relay come into third -- stump ( v.o. ) one thing be beyond argument -- he be the most brilliant athlete of he time ... perhaps of any time . ( beat ) I be determine to find out who be the real ty cobb . cobb slide with spike high and a cloud of dust . there be something thrill and terrifying in the image . CUT to : 7 ext . mother lode country ( california ) - late afternoon 7 stump 's car , a late model buick , move across the stun grassland at the western base of the Sierra nevadas . we begin hearing he voice , then see he inside the car drive . dissolve to : 8 ext . foothills of the sierras - dusk 8 stump 's car head up into the darken mountain . stump ( v.o. ) they say cobb own property all over the country , but in recent year have be stay in he hunt lodge at Lake tahoe in the Sierra nevadas . 9 aerial shot - lone pair of headlight 9 move up into the sierras , into rugge terrain and thick forest . CUT to : 12 . 10 int . car - dusk 10 stump strain to see the road , a bit wary of this drive . stump ( v.o. ) driving into the sierras at night with winter come on be not the smartest decision I would ever make but it seem better than be late for my first meeting with cobb . first drop of rain begin hit the windshield -- stump hit the wiper button and the floppy blade begin ineffectively wiping the windshield . stump struggle with he vision . stump shit ... Pov shot through windshield a dismal , wet and obscure view of the mountain road , climb higher into the sierras . a small roadside gas station come into view , and -- stump pull he car into the station . CUT to : 11 ext . jonah' service station - dusk ( raining lightly ) 11 stump get out , blow on he hand . it 's cold , and a man come out , the gas station owner , jonah , 55 . the man service the car throughout the conversation . stump fill it up and replace the wiper blade . jonah you get it . stump colder than a witch 's tit , eh ? jonah it 's just start . we get three - four foot of snow another thousand foot up . where ya go ? skiing ? I hate ski . ( continued ) 13 . 11 continued : 11 stump actually , I be go to meet ty cobb . jonah cobb ?! he stop here for gas once , I ask he for a autograph for my boy and he tell I to shove it where the sun do not shine . stump I hear he 's get a way with kid ... stump head to a pay phone as the attendant replace the wiper blade . stump 's breath hang heavy in the air . it 's cold . freeze . he drop a set of coin in the call box . he blow on he hand and pull up he collar -- he be not prepare for the weather to be this cold . he come to life when he hear a voice on the other end -- a voice we never hear . stump hey , baby , it 's I ... ( beat ) Al ... you husband ... ( beat ) I be up in the wood somewhere on assignment ... ( beat ) listen , sweetheart , listen -- nobody can love you the way I love you and I want you to take I back . I make a mistake . ( listen ) okay , lot of mistake . I know I be not worthy . we hear a click . stump honey ? sweetheart ? baby ? he flick the receiver hook several time . she 's go . CUT to : 12 ext . mountain road - night 12 rain pound down as the car climb to higher elevation . CUT to : 14 . 13 int . car - night ( rainy ) 13 stump struggle with a map under the dome light as he drive . dissolve to : ext . snow cover mountain pass - highway - night stump 's car pass a sign that tell all : donner pass . stump ( v.o. ) I confess I be look forward to see cobb and be near he brilliance . my own life seem on hold , somehow . everyday churn out the same old article , drink at 4 in the afternoon with the same old guy , the same old excuse for not write a novel , the same old confuse marriage that we all need and be try to get out of at the same time ... cobb be a god whose brilliance , however difficult , could rub off on I . his problem be different than mine ... 14 angle on stump' car 14 which pull off the road and head up a small mountain road among snow - cover pine . a row of mailbox catch stump 's attention , and he pull over to review the name with a flashlight . he light he way across the name of a dozen box -- nothing , until : the last box , enormously oversize , bear the name " cobb . " close on stump he smile . perfect . back to scene his car head up a mountain road a final hundred yard , come around a bend in the tree and there it be -- 15 . 14 Pov shot - huge mountain lodge 14 in the grand style but , like the mailbox , grotesquely oversize . CUT to : 15 ext . mountain lodge - night 15 stump park and approach somewhat warily . the sound of breaking glass and shout voice . stump hurry to the door to escape the rain and find refuge under the eave . the noise be frightening from that close . he stand unsurely -- do he knock ? when -- the door be throw open -- a black man , willie , 40 , with a suitcase stand wildly upset , scream back into the house . willie fuck you , Mr. cobb , I have too much dignity to spend another moment with you . I hope you die before the sun come up and may you rot in hell ! the man whirl and be shocked to see stump stand there with he own suitcase . willie who be you ? stump I be a writer . willie you mean he actually find somebody to take the job ? Willie burst out into craze laughter , as if the world of cobb be finally too absurd . cobb and a writer ? in this weather ? in any weather ? and the man walk through the rain , laugh , head on foot down off the mountain as stump just stare . stump turn and step into the open doorway . CUT to : 16 . 16 int . mountain lodge - night 16 stump in the front door -- the place be enormous and barely light . taxidermied game hang on the wall . stump be terrify . a man be sit in a overstuff chair read a news - paper . dress in a business suit and tie , he seem oblivious to the surround chaos . he also seem out of place . stump Mr. cobb ? the man look at stump and point upstairs without speak . more crashing sound from upstairs . stump Mr. cobb ? the silence be shattered by a scratch , then violin music from upstairs . static suggest a record be play . 17 angle on stair 17 stump climb the stair with caution -- until he 's just outside the half open door from which light spill . he hesitates ... stump hello ? Mr. cobb ? a gunshot ring out -- ripping through the door . stump be terrify -- he gasp for air . stump thank you very much , Mr. cobb , but I do not need this job that bad . stump turn and creep back toward the stair , but -- another gunshot ring out -- shatter a hang lamp . stump freese one more time . silence . then the voice -- cobb yes , Mr. stump -- you do need this job that bad . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . 17 continued : 17 cobb ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) now come in here and meet the great ty cobb. ( calmly ) I will not hurt you . stump breathes deeply and step into the doorway -- he do it as if there 's no choice , accept he fate . and see : 18 Pov shot - ty cobb 18 lying in bed in a robe . unshaven . bottle of booze and food everywhere . and bottle of pill sit on every surface . two hunt dog sit on the bed with he . a small record player sit next to he bed . a record spin , fill the room with fritz kreisler violin solos . he place the gun on he night table , knock pill and bottle to the floor with a crash he barely notice . when he speak it be without a snarl , without threat -- simply , even sweetly , he say : cobb on the violin -- fritz kreisler . I be a great admirer of he . I be also a great admirer of yours . back to scene stump thank you . cobb but you be a hopeless romantic and only a moderate success . stump Sir , I be the most successful sportswriter in America and not merely a ' moderate success . ' cobb of course . ( beat ) give I that pill over there . ( continued ) 18 . 18 continued : 18 stump retrieve some pill that cobb be point towards . cobb wash down a handful of pill with a bottle of scotch . momentarily revitalize , cobb hand stump a fold letter which stump open to read . cobb that 's a invitation to a testimonial dinner at the Baseball Hall of Fame in cooperstown , New York . you be take I there -- when be it ? stump ( look at the letter ) a few week . cobb all the great one will be there -- the great mickey cochrane will be there ! hornsby , sisler , ott , the waner Brothers ... we use to have some party , stump , I will tell ya that right now ... ( beat ) we can not forget . stump I will not forget . cobb look at I closely , Al ... ( with utmost sincerity ) lie after lie have be write about I -- my whole life I have be misunderstand . ( beat ) you be gonna tell the real story of ty cobb . stump what 's the ' real ' story ? cobb climb slowly out of bed . his word be reason and not without passion . cobb that 's why you be here . ( beat ) see , there 's two kind of writer . the kind that spin endless yarn about small subject ... that 's you . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 cobb ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) or ... there 's the kind with one great subject that consume they forever . ( beat ) that could be you . because I be that subject . cobb hobble to a table in front of a window . the table be cover with pill , bottle , needle , and booze . cobb ( suddenly bellow ) jameson ! get you ass up here ! cobb grab another bottle of booze and swig deeply , liquor spilling over he . then , suddenly , he hold up he hand . a calm come over he as -- he stare out the window into the snowy wood . his rage have quickly turn into a quiet , intense , unsettle focus . stump you okay ? cobb mmmmmm ... 19 Pov shot - wood in moonlight 19 near the lodge . a bank of snow -- and a large buck move into view . 20 close on cobb' face 20 his eye light . a flare in he nostril . a twitch . and utter calm . back to scene jameson , the man in the suit , arrive and stand in the back of the room . he take note when cobb speak . jameson ( man ) Sir ? cobb continue stare out the window at the buck . ( continued ) 20 . 20 continued : 20 cobb there 's a small oil company near bakersfield call honolulu oil , sit near the elk Hills Reserve ... ( beat ) I want you to buy all the stock you can . jameson honolulu oil ? cobb getty be expand in the west , look for company like that . I get a hunch ... ( beat ) stumpy , c'mere ... cobb pick up the revolver and hold it lovingly . stump cross and stand behind cobb , share the view . cobb I can take that buck . what 'ya think ? stump with a pistol ? no way . cobb smile and load the revolver . he push the window which swing slowly open . 21 Pov shot - buck in moonlight 21 search for leave to eat in the snow . serene . unaware . back to scene cobb ( to jameson ) there 's a board meeting of coca -cola in Georgia next week . call they up and tell they I can not make it for medical -- ( correct himself ) -- personal -- reason ... ( beat ) ... and sell all the 3 - m stock we get . 21 . 22 cobb 22 raise the gun -- he wobble badly and steady himself . the gun shake . then steady . stump stand over he shoulder watch the bizarre action . 23 Pov shot - buck raise its head 23 just as ... kablam ! the revolver fire with a violent kick . the buck spin and run back into the wood , kick snow and disappear in the brush . 24 back to scene 24 cobb get he . stump like hell you do . cobb right behind the ear . stump you be full of shit . cobb jameson ? jameson if Mr. cobb say he get he , then he get he . cobb you have no vision , stump . a writer without vision be a waste of my time . I think I pick the wrong man . cobb stumble back into bed , somewhat exhaust by the ordeal . jameson and I think I better get back to San Francisco before the storm hit . I will take care of this transaction , Mr. cobb . and jameson exit the room . ( continued ) 22 . 24 continued : 24 stump and I will be leave as well , sir , since you think I be the wrong man for the job . cobb shut up , stump -- we both know that I be you meal ticket . ( beat ) we need each other . ( smile ) and we start in the morning . stump no . cobb ( calmly ) yes . cobb reach over and defiantly turn up the music so that the room be overwhelm with kreisler 's violin . stump stare back at this decrepit , overpower figure . cobb gradually slip into sleep , bury in the music , the booze , the pill , the pain ... CUT to : 25 ext . mountain lodge - early next a.m. 25 silence . the morning mist hang thick over a snowbank in the wood . a rabbit scurries across the snow , some quail be flushed . pan across the landscape reveal the lodge . smoke curl from the chimney . CUT to : 26 int . lodge - morning 26 stump sit hunkere over a tiny portable typewriter on the kitchen table . cobb mix a bourbon with orange juice to wash down some more pill , which he take randomly . a teletype machine sit on a table nearby -- throughout the scene , a tape click endlessly out , pile on the floor . cobb occasionally check data on the tape . ( continued ) 23 . 26 continued : 26 stump ready , Mr. cobb . cobb chapter one , page one ... stump I be ready . cobb ' know ye that a prince and a great man have fall this day . ' stump type it out , then stop . stump what the hell be that ? cobb that 's what Robert E. Lee say at the burial of my grandfather who be a confederate General kill at fredricksburg . stump so I be take note ? cobb Hell no . that 's the first line of my autobiography . stump I be not write it . cobb why not ? stump it 's horseshit . it 's a third person comment about someone who 's already dead . a autobiography have to be in the first person -- plus it can not come from the other side of the God damn grave . cobb my story can come from any damn place I want . stump not to mention you can not call yourself 'a prince and great man ' -- that 's for the world to decide . ( continued ) 24 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) 26 cobb what kind of a fuck writer you call yourself -- all tie up in rule and regulation . what 's the point be a writer if you can not say what you want to ? stump you be not treat I like a writer -- you be treat I like a stenographer . blam ! a shot ring out -- stump type quickly , hunt and peck with two finger , read aloud . stump know ye that a prince and a great man have fall this day ... cobb it have a certain ring to it ... stump yes it do . cobb I think you might like it . it 's yours , a gift from I . ( beat ) ' cobb , a prince among man , misunderstand in he genius , as genius always be ' - ( demand from stump ) this be the second line from what will be the great biography of a great man ever write -- type it ! cobb check the tape and suddenly be deep in think over some information come across . stump type . cobb bethlehem steel 's about to dive . cobb grab a phone and dial -- then bark into the phone . cobb ( on phone ) jameson . bethlehem 's go in the toilet . dump it all ! cobb slam down the phone , momentarily lose in finance . ( continued ) 25 . 26 continued : ( 3 ) 26 stump you get a stock tip for I ? cobb yeah ... buy coca -cola . we be about to go out in can . stump Coke in can ? I do not think so . cobb just stare back in disdain . then , suddenly -- cobb start cough terribly . he clutches he torso as if it be about to fall into piece . cobb you know what 's wrong with ty cobb ? stump what ? cobb ( proudly ) every disease know to man -- I get them all ! and they will never get I in a hospital -- never ! ( beat ) my heart leak -- the doctor who be nothin ' but a buncha hacksaw artist give I digoxin to keep it pump ... cobb grab a bottle of digoxin pill and fling it across the room in a rage . he fling bottle of pill as he recite he ailment . cobb they give I darvon for the cancer in my back , they give I tace for something eatin ' up my stomach , fleet compound for a infection in my bowel , librium for my tension , insulin for my diabete ... cobb grab a hypodermic needle and awkwardly pour from a bottle into the chamber . insulin spill as he do . cobb fuckin ' insulin ... he jam the needle wildly into he arm without hesitation . ( continued ) 26 . 26 continued : ( 4 ) 26 he take a deep breath as if the drug have produce a immediate relief from pain . cobb and if all that be not enough , it 's be two year since I get my pecker in the air ... ( beat ) the South may not rise again but my dick will . the phone ring . cobb ( bark ) I be not here ! stump answer the phone . stump ( answer the phone ) cobb 's residence ... hello. ( beat ) he 's not here -- who 's call ? Ernie ? Ernie who ? ( he face drop ) my God ... ( to cobb ) it 's Ernest hemingway ... for you . cobb tell he to go to hell ! stump cover the receiver nervously . stump Jesus Christ , ty , this be the great american writer -- this be the man who inspire I to become a writer ! cobb tell he to go to hell anyway . stump why ? cobb him and I use to be pal but we go on a hunt trip once and he hire a shitty guide . ( continued ) 27 . 26 continued : ( 5 ) 26 stump that 's it ? you do not like a guide he hire ? cobb look at stump with a fierceness that be so over - whelming , so physical , that stump melt . cobb you tell he to go fuck himself or I will kick you yankee ass ! stump be terrify . he reluctantly uncover the receiver . stump Mr. hemingway ? Mr. cobb say ... to go to hell . ( awkwardly ) by the way I be a big fan of yours -- click , a hang up . cobb settles into a chair , let the drug and pill and booze work they way into he thick body . cobb hemingway be not a bullfighter -- he write about bullfight . what the hell be that ?! ( beat ) bullshit ... damn painkiller ... cobb rub he head -- the drug be take effect . stump ty , you okay ? cobb it will pass ... ( increasingly woozy ) stumpy , listen to I -- you know what I need ? stump what do you need ? cobb I need a woman . ( mutter to sleep ) a woman be definitely what I need ... ( continued ) 28 . 26 continued : ( 6 ) 26 and cobb drift to sleep in he chair , momentarily overcome with painkiller . stump stare at the sleep volcano of a man , and when cobb start snore heavily , he rise , pull on a coat , scarf , and hat , and head out the door . CUT to : 27 ext . lodge - dusk 27 snow flurry greet stump as he head outside , and darkness be fall . he take a deep breath . stump ( v.o. ) I could not be around the man for long without need a break , which he painkiller gracefully provide . ( beat ) my sanity would soon depend upon a frequent breath of fresh air , a walk in the wood -- any escape from what one sportswriter have call ' cobb 's brood soul that bubble with violence . ' stump light a pipe as he walk up a trail , away from the lodge , toward a ridge , all cover with snow . the flurry of snow be get thicker now . stump ( v.o. ) I know most of the cobb storey -- first man elect to the Hall of Fame , ahead of the incomparable Babe Ruth . statistic that have not be approach in three - quarter of a century . stump stop at the ridge and look down at the partially freeze Lake tahoe in the linger light . stump ( v.o. ) but I would know box champion and football player -- they be gentle soul outside the arena . ( beat ) how much of cobb be a act , a lifetime of theatrical intimidation to preserve he own legend ? ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . 27 continued : 27 stump ( cont 'd ) legends grow in time . tough guy be tougher , woman more beautiful , routine act of self - preservation become heroic . stump continue walk down a crest of snow , through a stand of snow - cover pine . the light be dark , purple , eerie , and stump be lose in think , until , suddenly , he see : a trail of blood in the snow . he follow it down a slope , past a tree , grow deeper , thicker . and there it be -- the buck lie dead in the snow in a pool of blood . stump stop in fear , then approach , lean down and examine -- stump my God ... the buck 's head have a hole blast behind the ear . stump rise quickly to he foot and look around . the wood be silent . snow fall from a branch . and ... he hurry back through the wood up the ridge , momen - tarily lose as the snow swirl , he finally spot the lodge . CUT to : 28 int . lodge - night 28 stump burst into the lodge as the brewing storm blow in . cobb be stand there in a hunt jacket , high lace boot , a hat , with a suitcase . he hold a paper bag wrap in twine . cobb we be go to reno . I want a woman . stump there 's a blizzard out there ! cobb when a man want a woman , a man want a woman . ( continued ) 30 . 28 continued : 28 stump let 's just put on some soup , build a fire , and we can work on the book . cobb how cozy . ( hold up the paper bag ) I get 25 thousand in cash and negotiable security in here . do not let it out of you sight . stump look , ty , the road be impassable . cobb you lead , I will follow . stump I be not drive in this stuff ! cobb I need a woman ! CUT to : 29 ext . two lane highway in sierras - dusk 29 a blizzard -- two car ease down a ice- cover road in a increasingly horrendous snowstorm . 30 int . stump' car - dusk 30 stump be terrify , strain to see through the flurry which grow thicker by the second . he keep check he rearview mirror . Pov shot through rearview mirror cobb at the wheel of a huge , black , Chrysler Imperial . he look possess . 31 int . cobb be car - dusk 31 cobb at the wheel -- a madman . cobb you call that drive , Alice ?! my sister can drive faster than that ! step on it ! ( continued ) 31 . 31 continued : 31 he grab a bottle of bourbon on the seat and chug it down . 32 ext . highway in blizzard - dusk 32 a treacherous cliff drop quickly away from the road , certain death protect by a inadequate guardrail . into a blizzard , increasingly out of control , the car slip and slide and skid down the mountain . cobb lean on he horn -- honk , honk , honk . 33 int . stump' car - dusk 33 stump struggle to hang on as the car fishtail on the edge of lose control . he keep glance at cobb who continue scream . cobb get off the road -- ya can not drive any faster ?! move it ! stump be catch between fear and rage . stump fuck you ! I be not die in this God damn ice cube ! 34 int . cobb be car - dusk 34 cobb 's eye flare -- the wind roar , the blizzard beat against the windshield . cobb ( mutter ) the man drive like a old woman ... cobb step on the gas -- his car pull out into the oncoming lane and accelerate to pass . 35 ext . highway in blizzard - dusk 35 cobb 's car pass stump 's car down the steep grade . insane , impossible , suicidal -- not another car on the road , the highway close , barely visible ... and here come cobb . stump stare in disbelief as he cling to the wheel . 32 . 36 stump' Pov 36 cobb wave he fist as he speed past -- 37 close on cobb 37 he laugh , cackle madly at stump . cobb drive , motherfucker , drive ! 38 stump' Pov 38 the black Chrysler rush down the mountain into the raging storm . stump struggle to see through the windshield -- snow be swirl everywhere . stump' Pov cobb 's car disappear into the blizzard , fishtail as it go . back to scene stump Jesus ... 39 ext . highway 39 stump 's car creep along the edge of a deep ravine that plunge to a raging , icy river . the car fishtail , straighten , and continue on , slowly grop down the mountain . 40 close on stump 40 sheer terror . it take he full power of concentration to keep the car on the road . stump ( to himself ) he 's a goner , Al , save you own God damn ass ... ( continued ) 33. 40 continued : 40 closer on stump he see something . 41 ext . highway 41 his car light reveal tire track in the snowdrift on the highway . the track skid wildly , clearly out of control , and head straight off the road . 42 another angle 42 stump stop he car and get out -- he hurry to the edge of the road where the bank drop away quickly . Pov shot - cobb' car lie nose down at the bottom of a snow - fill ravine , thirty foot away . the tail light be still on . the car be totalled . back to scene stump cobb ! stump plow he way on foot down the embankment , fight bad foot and snowdrift , until -- he arrive at the car -- surely nobody could survive this . with difficulty , he make he way to the back door of the huge car and wrestle it open . stump stick the top half of he body into the car . stump cobb ? cobb lie upside down , ass in the air , he face bury under the dash of the car . there 's blood on he face . cobb it 's about fuck time you get here ! stump you have alive ? cobb struggle to right himself , twist and turn free . ( continued ) 34 . 42 continued : 42 cobb I would not call it live but it will do . help I outta here . stump help cobb back out of the car . it be a awkward , clumsy , difficult task . stump there 's blood ! cobb of course there 's blood ! I just put my head through the windshield of a car , what the hell ya think , ya big fuck jerk . stump shut up ! cobb ty cobb can not die like this ! they will bury I and nobody will know who it be ! stump I say shut up . stump drag cobb awkwardly through the snowbank back up to the highway . when they get to the edge of the high - way , cobb stop to stare at the tire track leave the road . cobb loo kot that ! no guard rail ! I be suing the State highway Commission , I be suing the Governor , I be suing every God damn body ! ( outrage ) I coulda be kill ! stump God damn it , shut up and get in the car ! the blizzard swirl around the two man , now at stump 's car on the highway . cobb gimme you key , I be drive . stump I be drive . ( continued ) 35 . 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 cobb do you know how to get to reno ? Hell , no ! I be drive . stump over my dead body ! cobb pull a gun from he overcoat pocket and aim it right at stump 's head . cobb you call . stump you miserable son of a bitch . you coward , you pathetic , frighten , desperate old man -- you can not do anything without that gun and frankly it do not impress I to keep flash it because I know you be not gonna shoot I ' cause you need I worse than I need you . what , you be gonna kill I ? cobb smile . he love it when someone stand up to he . he thrive on confrontation . cobb I have kill a man . stump Fine , then put I outta my fuckin ' misery . I be freezing . cobb hand the gun to stump . cobb here ya go , stumpy . I like a man who stand up to I . stump hold the gun awkwardly , not know what to do . cobb now give I the key . I be drive . CUT to : 43 ext . highway to reno - dusk ( moment later ) 43 the car race down the mountain -- a wild ride . 36 . 44 int . car in blizzard - night 44 cobb at the wheel be perfectly happy and at peace . stump , in the passenger 's seat , brace himself for certain death . cobb it 's only another hour -- plenty of time to tell you my story before we find we some woman . stump woman ? plural ? cobb some for you , some for I . we will have a helluva time . the broad be probably lining up right now , wait for ol ' ty and he buddy stump . stump ( mutter ) dear God ... and cobb launch in as he accelerate down the mountain , every curve risk death . he seem at peace with the world -- in the driver 's seat , literally , on the edge of be utterly out of control . cobb I suppose you want to know about my childhood . writer usually do . stump none of this ' know ye that a prince and great man have fall ' stuff -- cobb my philosophy be simply this -- life be too short to be diplomatic . a man 's friend should not mind what he do or say , and that who be not he friend , well , to hell with them . and cobb drift into a story of he youth . he 's suddenly so relaxed that he pay little attention to the road . cobb I be bear in a small town in Georgia , of course ... my sweet sister Florence still life there ... ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . 44 continued : 44 cobb ( cont " D ) ( beat ) and I start play baseball when I be a kid like everybody else only I be better than every - body else . when I be seventeen I start play for money -- my father do not approve . ( beat ) he be a great man ... 45 ext . highway 45 as the snow whirl around the car hurtle down the mountain , the snowflake fill the screen and turn to confetti as we : dissolve to : 46 ext . royston ( georgia ) - day ( 1900 ) ( b&amp ; W ) 46 confetti fall from the sky -- professor cobb , 40 , ty 's father , wave to the crowd in front of city hall . Signs everywhere declare he to be the newly elect mayor cobb . a band play " sweet Georgia Brown " as the Mayor make a victory speech . cobb ( v.o. ) he be the mayor , they be groom he for governor , he be a learn man , a professor , and the head deacon in the Baptist Church . 47 int . baptist church - day ( b&amp ; W ) 47 Professor cobb sing loudly with the deacon behind the pastor as the congregation join in . congregation ( sing loudly ) ' there be a fountain fill with blood , drawn from emmanuel 's vein ... ' close on ty' mother very young and pretty , sing in the congregation . and young ty next to she , also sing at the top of he voice . ( continued ) 38 . 47 continued : 47 cobb ( v.o. ) my mother be the most beautiful woman in the county ... she marry my father when she be twelve which be the way they use to do it . ( beat ) and she teach I to believe in the hymn we sing ... I especially like the bloody one ... ( sing the hymn ) ' and sinner plunge beneath that flood , lose all they guilty stain ... ' 48 ext . river in georgia - day ( b&amp ; W ) 48 Young ty cobb be baptize in the river . cobb ( v.o. ) I remember after I be baptize and I be walk home with my pal ... 49 ext . train track in rural georgia - day ( b&amp ; W ) 49 Young ty and three buddy walk along the track . cobb ( v.o. ) I be feel very Christian , ready to live the good life -- my father do not drink , smoke , gamble or chase woman -- and I be not go to either -- the boy skip rock and start across a trestle bridge . cobb ( v.o. ) ... when all of a sudden a train be come at we . Pov shot - train head right for the boy . cobb ( v.o. ) there I be , a newly baptize child of God who have not hardly sin , and I be gonna die . ( continued ) 39 . 49 continued : 49 back to scene the other other boy leap safely into the river , well ahead of the oncoming train . but young ty stay on the track . cobb ( v.o. ) the engine bore down on I till I could see the white of the engineer 's eye -- I be thrilled ... close on engineer he pull the whistle and scream at the young boy stand defiantly on the track . close on young cobb his face fill with excitement as the space between he and the engine reduce to nothing . new angle closer and closer the engine come -- 50 yard , 25 yard , 10 , five , four , three ... moment before death -- Young ty cobb leap to safety , fly in front of the engine , out over the water till he splashes , mere milli - second before he would have be crush to death . Young cobb surface in the river and wave he arm in triumph . his pal shriek with delight and embrace he at he courage . cobb ( v.o. ) ... it be the great thrill in my life not count the first time I see a woman naked ... 50 series of shot ( b&amp ; W ) 50 other train on other track bear down on young cobb . in each case -- Young cobb dance in the track and leap with grace to safety . ( continued ) 40 . 50 continued : 50 cobb ( v.o. ) I feel protect . by my father , my mother , the baptism , I do not know -- but from that moment on I know I could not be hurt . series of shot Young cobb hurtle through the air toward the river , just miss the locomotive ... CUT to : 51 int . car in blizzard - dusk 51 cobb and stump continue racing down the mountainside . cobb my father die in a terrible accident , you know . stump no , I do not , really ... cobb do not you do you research on I before you come up here ? stump I do not have time ... I mean , I know the basic . cobb then you have read that I be the meanest bastard of they all ? stump people have say that , yes ... cobb I do not care what people think . stump then why do you care what I write ? cobb I be who I tell you I be ! why be you make thing so complicated ?! stump that 's what writer do . ( continued ) 41 . 51 continued : 51 cobb well writer oughta make thing simple ! everything 's complicated enough as it be . stump ( mutter ) maybe you be right ! cobb of course I be right ! stump suddenly look up and shout in terror . stump ty ! a snow - cover truck in the middle of the road , break down and abandon , be on top of we . stump godddddddd ! cobb spin the wheel -- the car spin out of control , just miss the truck , and hurtle on down the icy highway . cobb do not shout like that , stumpy -- it just increase my tension . I see that truck all along -- you think I be gonna hit a truck when I be get close to find I some woman ? stump be in sheer terror by this time . cobb my father be murder , y'know . stump you father be murder ? cobb I mean that 's the sort of thing you be look for , be not it ? ( beat ) murdered on the balcony of he own house ... the house I grow up in ... dissolve to : 42 . 52 ext . gabled house in georgia - night ( b&amp ; W ) 52 the head of a horse in f.g. , shaking its head , uncomfort - able with the bit in its mouth . in the b.g. , the gable house in the moonlight . a small light spill from a second - floor window onto the balcony . a man on the balcony porch move toward the window from which light spill . the man pull up the window and -- kablam ! a shotgun blast rip the silence and darkness . the man fall on he back . kablam ! a second shotgun blast take off he head . CUT to : 53 int . car on highway - dusk 53 stump be stunne by this information as the car careen wildly down the mountainside . stump you father be murder ? how come nobody know about this ? cobb the oldtimer in royston know about it . nobody else 's business . it happen when I be 17 , a few day before Detroit call I up . stump but this help explain why -- he catch himself . cobb why I be such a prick ? ha! ( laugh ) that 's too easy -- you be a better writer than that -- stump be the killer ever catch ? cobb there be a arrest , a trial , and a acquittal . nobody be ever convict . stump Jesus Christ -- ( continued ) 43. 53 continued : 53 cobb aw , do not go sob-sister on I , stumpy . ( beat ) the only thing that finally matter be a man 's accomplishment and I must say , in all humility , Al , in all humility -- I be the great ballplayer of all time . nobody be even a close second . dissolve to : 54 ext . detroit ball park - detroit dugout - day ( c1910 ) 54 ( b&amp ; W ) a gambling de . money on the bench . two man be suit be place bet , intermingling with the player . a player smoke , another drink -- this be as far from the anti - septic modern game as can be imagine . cobb , early 20' , select he bat , talk to the gambler . cobb single to leave , steal second , steal third , steal home ... gambler eight to one . cobb fuck you ! gambler ten to one . cobb you be on . cobb toss some money on the pile , and climb up the dugout step , shouting . CUT to : 55 ext . on - deck circle - day ( b&amp ; W ) 55 cobb swing the bat and shout at the pitcher . cobb hey , greaseball , check you wife -- one of the player be miss ! ( continued ) 44 . 55 continued : 55 the pitcher flip cobb the finger and take a sign , deliv - ering a pitch which be swing on and miss , strike three . cobb head to the plate , pass he deject teammate who have just strike out . cobb who the hell ever sign you ? teammate go to hell . cobb laugh -- he seem to feed on this exchange , and he stand in at the plate , address the umpire . cobb hey , cyclops , you be miss a good game . umpire shut up , cobb . as cobb dig in , he reach into he back pocket and drop something on home plate , in front of the catcher . cobb here ya go ... the catcher hold up a pair of woman 's panty . cobb you old lady leave them in my car last night -- I think you could give them back to she . close on catcher he flip he thumb , a sign for the pitcher to deck cobb . catcher you be go down , cobb . cobb let 's go . the pitcher deliver a fastball right at cobb 's head -- he hit the dirt just before the pitch arrive ( and this be long before player wear protective headgear ) . cobb rise , laugh defiantly . ( continued ) 45 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 cobb ( to the pitcher ) that 's as hard as you can throw ?! shit , it that be my fastball I would wear a dress ! then cobb shout at the shortstop , a large german - american athlete , the great honus wagner . cobb hey , wagner ! I would shade I a little up the middle if I be you ! wagner do not budge , comfortable in he position , not draw into cobb 's taunt . stoic , implacable -- far from cobb. cobb ( to catcher ) you try to take my head off then you throw a sinker away , in and out , same old shit -- sinker away ... close on cobb his chatter stop , he focus be intense and sudden . he hold the bat strangely , with a split grip , a leave - hand batter , he dangle the bat almost parallel to the ground . for all he fierceness , there 's a delicacy in the way he hold the bat . a baton , a paintbrush , a magic wand ... new angle here come the pitch -- sinker away -- and cobb unleash a swing that be at once quick and powerful . he drive the ball to leave , the opposite way -- wagner lunge to he right -- but the ball skip into leave . cobb streak to first and round the base viciously , dare to stretch it into a double but slamm on the brake and return to first when the throw rifle into second . cobb shout defiantly at the pitcher . cobb you God damn coward ! you shoulda throw at I again ! you shoulda hit I in the fuck head ! ( continued ) 46 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 cobb look down at wagner who stand implacably at short - stop , a large , powerfully - build man . cobb hey , krauthead , I be come down . close on wagner he just nod . new angle the pitcher stretch , look and deliver -- and cobb break for second . the pitch be wide . the catcher fire . wagner take the throw as cobb arrive in a spike - up slide . and wagner swipe a brutal tag in cobb 's face -- he giant ham of a hand in the tiny glove clutching the ball lash across cobb 's mouth . blood gush . the ball pop free . wagner seem unbother by the fact that cobb be safe at second -- he have bloody cobb 's face . cobb seem unboth - ere by the fact that he face be a bloody mess -- he have steal second . both man seem satisfied . back in dugout more money be wagere . pitcher stretch and deliver -- cobb take off for third . the throw be high -- he slide in safely . in stand bet be double . the stand be full of wagering . the whole ballpark be like a giant saloon -- drink , smoking , wagering -- and the game be play by thug and brigands . cobb on third yell at the pitcher and catcher . ( continued ) 47 . 55 continued : ( 4 ) 55 cobb you want in on the action ? my mother have a better arm than you ! ( to the catcher ) I be come to you , greaseball ! come to kick you dago ass ! catcher steal a glance at cobb who take a menace lead off third . the catcher give a signal to the pitcher . pitcher nod , wind up , and as he do -- here come cobb with a recklessness beyond reason . and as the pitch arrive in the catcher 's hand , the catcher dig in to take on cobb -- cobb slide spike high , fly above the earth , he back leg slashing he spike like knife . it be a slide of utter defiance and violence , a slide intend to harm . a vicious collision between cobb and the catcher -- blood and dust . the ball roll free . safe . cobb and the catcher immediately start punch and in second , a brawl break out , both bench clear . as the police rush out to break up the brawl ... cobb ( v.o. ) in that day you do not hold hand and dance with the man on the other team . they be the enemy -- you fight with them . ( beat ) and I be the most hate man in baseball . 56 ext . philadelphia ballpark - day ( b&amp ; W ) 56 cobb enter the stadium through the dugout . the crowd rise to boo cobb . the boo be overpower . cobb warm up in front of the dugout . the boo be deafen . the vindictive threat be ceaseless . fan # 1 you be a shit , cobb ! ( continued ) 48 . 56 continued : 56 cobb continue warming up . fan # 2 I hate you gut , cobb ! cobb tip he hat and speak easily to the fan . cobb a good day to you , too , sir ... the police escort cobb to right field -- the roar of the vitriolic crowd increase . cobb ( v.o. ) do you know what it 's like to be boo like that ? cobb in right with the cop -- the crowd on its foot , boo so loudly that the air be all one giant , wail moan of hatred . cobb ( v.o. ) it feel wonderful ! they could not live without I ! they come to the ballpark to see I ! 57 int . HOTEL room - night ( b&amp ; W ) 57 cobb open a stack of mail -- a police chief and subor - dinate officer be with he . close on mail cut - out letter read : " cobb - you're dead " cobb puff on a cigar defiantly as he read he hate mail . cobb ( v.o. ) fifty thousand fan try to kill I everywhere I go ! 58 ext . philadelphia ballpark - day ( b&amp ; W ) 58 armed police patrol the stand look for sniper as cobb play the game in right field surround by police . the boo increase -- fan truly hate he . ( continued ) 49 . 58 continued : 58 close on cobb he smile . cobb ( v.o. ) I love it . only great man be boo . captain of industry and president . I know them all ... 59 ext . white house ( c. 1920 ) ( b&amp ; W ) 59 int . white house study woodrow Wilson and cobb have a drink . cobb ( v.o. ) woodrow Wilson have the best scotch ... 60 int . white house study ( b&amp ; W ) 60 harding , cobb and other play card . a lot of money be on the table . and booze . and woman that look suspi - ciously like they have be hire . a floozy drape herself around President harding . cobb ( v.o. ) Warren harding have the best broad ... 61 int . white house study ( b&amp ; W ) 61 a formal portrait with President calvin coolidge and cobb . coolidge do not smile , do not seem to do any - thing . just another portrait . cobb ( v.o. ) and calvin coolidge be not any damn fun at all ... close on cobb' mouth during the portrait . we can read he lip as he mouth " fuck you " silently . CUT to : 50 . 62 int . car careening down mountainside - dusk 62 like a out of control bobsle -- cobb race and stump hang on for he life . cobb after World War two , General patton ask I for a autograph -- he say he pattern himself after I ! ( beat ) be you get this ? stump I will remember . cobb why be not you write ?! stump ' Cause I be try to have a good grip on thing when this car go over the next cliff ! I be not ready to die yet ! cobb 's tone change suddenly -- he question stump with - out guile or anger , as if he answer be obvious . cobb but neither be I . cobb stare at stump , wait for a answer , and forget about the road . stump look up in fear and point at the road . stump ty ! cobb swerve wildly back onto the road , such as it exist in the blizzard . cobb I say I be not ready to die . stump then watch the fuck road . cobb but you be not listen to I ! I may have every God damn disease know to man but I be never go to check into a hospital because I be alive and I be go to get laid in reno ! ( more ) ( continued ) 51 . 62 continued : 62 cobb ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you be gonna get laid , too , stumpy ! stump maybe I do not wanta get laid ! cobb you queer ?! stump I be marry . cobb I think you be divorced . stump we be in the middle of a ... problem . we be talk . cobb talk my ass ! quit hang on -- get a divorce . be that why you do not wanta get laid in reno ? ' Cause you be feel loyal to a woman you be divorce ? that 's really stupid , stumpy ... stump I be not get a divorce . I be be loyal . cobb be that why you use to wine and dine that little brunette who have a office across the courtyard from you in Santa Barbara ? stump be nail . stump what do you know about she ?! cobb I do my homework , stumpy . I know where the body be bury . stump ( defensively ) it do not last long ! ( continued ) 52 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 cobb hey , no need to defend yourself . when it come to woman I be a total shit -- the difference be , stumpy , that I know I be a shit . stump nobody know about the brunette . cobb we little secret , huh ? ( beat ) and that part about I be a shit with woman ? that be not gonna be in the book . stump I gotta put you family in my book . cobb you book ?! my book ! and nothing about my ex- wife or child be gonna be in it . my book be about baseball ! stump my book be about cobb ! cobb cobb be baseball ! intercut : 63 ext . highway 63 suddenly something appear ahead on the roadside . cobb do not see it . stump do . it look like a figure , huddle , wrap , immobile in the swirl snow . it can not be ... stump ty! look ! it 's a man ! there Pov - figure attempt to wave at the car . a nearly - freeze , desperate attempt to flag down the car . back to scene cobb fuck he ... ( continued ) 53. 63 continued : 63 stump stop the car ! cobb brake -- the car spin to a stop some distance past the figure stand knee - deep in snow . cobb whoever it be he 's gotta be pretty stupid to be out in this shit . stump we be out in this shit ! and stump climb out of the car . CUT to : 64 ext . side of road ( blizzard ) - dusk 64 stump trudge back to the half - freeze figure who flail he arm stiffly at the apparition of a car in all this . the figure be wrap in blanket , he head cover . we can not see who it be until we be in he face . figure in snow help I . please help I . stump my God ... it 's you . be you okay ? it be Willie , the black man who cobb fire the day before . willie ( figure in snow ) I can not believe you find I ... stump let I help you to the car . willie I tell you that you would only last one day with the bastard . stump cobb 's in the car . he 's drive . Willie stop trudging toward the car . willie Mr. cobb 's in the car ? stump yeah ... ( continued ) 54 . 64 continued : 64 willie then I be not get in the car with that son of a bitch . I would rather take my chance out here . stump you be come ! and stump drag Willie to the car , though the man be be - luctant the whole way , he be in no condition to resist . willie ( mutter the whole way ) he hate I . he hate black people ... stump he fuck hate everybody . do not give he the pleasure of die out here . willie if die out here give he pleasure then I will not die out here . they get to the car -- stump open the back door to help the nearly - freeze man into the car . cobb grumble . stump ty , it 's Willie . we can give he a lift to town . cobb bullshit ! I be not givin ' no nigger a ride nowhere ! CUT to : 65 int . stump' car - dusk 65 and stump lose it -- he grab cobb 's pistol off the seat of the car and aim it right at cobb 's head . stump shut the fuck up and give he a ride ! cobb now who 's the coward ! you will not shoot I ! you need I ! stump hand the gun to Willie ..... ( continued ) 55 . 65 continued : 65 stump no. but I be sure Willie would take great pleasure in it . Willie climb into the back seat with the gun . cobb be livid . cobb you will pay for this , stumpy ... stump say , Willie , you a baseball fan ? willie yessir ... stump who 's the great ballplayer of all time , in you opinion ? willie Willie may , no doubt about it . cobb that nigger could not hold my jock ! stump Excuse I , Mr. cobb , the man be speak ... 66 new angle 66 and cobb jump on the gas -- the car race off , back down the mountain , fishtail as it go . willie and I would say the second great player of all time be Jackie Robinson ... or maybe josh Gibson ... cobb shut up !! willie and of course , the great base runner of all time be not riding in this car -- the fastest baseball player of all time be cool papa Bell -- cool papa would have easily break all you steal base record -- ( continued ) 56 . 66 continued : 66 cobb noooooo ! willie cool papa be so fast that when he enter a hotel room and flip the light switch off , he would be asleep in bed before it get dark ... stump and then there 's satchel paige ... willie oh yeah , satchel paige could throw a porkchop past a wolf , Mr. cobb , ol ' satchel woulda have you eatin ' outta he hand , he woulda have you hittin ' .220 and kissin ' he black ass to boot ... cobb shut this man up ! willie the man with the gun do the talk , you wretch , old prick ... 67 long shot - car 67 racing down the highway in the snow , and we go out hearing Willie recount the great ballplayer of all time -- all of they black -- as cobb seethes , a gun to he head . stump feed Willie , watch cobb 's racism simmer . into the storm the car disappear -- fishtail down the mountain . the blizzard grow thicker , the flurry take over the mountain , until all we see be -- the thick snow fall from the dark sky . suddenly -- stump Ice ! slow down ! tyyyy ! 68 Pov - steep downgrade 68 as slick as a bobsle run . ( continued ) 57 . 68 continued : 68 close on stump terror . close on willie terror . he lower the gun and hang on for dear life . close on cobb he accelerate with vengeance . 69 car 69 wobble and start spin -- out of control , then spin continuous 360s down the grade . 70 close on three men 70 the world spin around they as they cling for they life . until : thud -- the car slam into a bank of snow . suddenly , silence . the three man sit without speak for several beat , slowly acknowledge that they have survive . finally : cobb fucked up road . they do not build highway like they use to . 71 Pov - HOTEL sign in distance 71 glow a welcome sign in the night . it be no longer snow . back to scene willie well , Mr. cobb , thank you for a lift into town ... Willie hand the gun to stump and climb out of the car , bid farewell to stump as he do . ( continued ) 58 . 71 continued : 71 willie and you , sir , should leave this disgusting , wretch , sorry son of a bitch immediately . good evening . Willie tip he hat and trudge to the neon glow in the distance . cobb and stump alone in the car . they both look out -- the car be bury , hood deep , in the bank of snow . CUT to : 72 ext . edge of reno - night 72 under the famous arch that read : " the biggest Little City in the World , " a tow truck pull stump 's car into town , and up to : ext . last chance HOTEL - night the truck stop -- stump help cobb out and into the old style building adjacent to the gaudier casinos . CUT to : 73 int . last chance HOTEL - night 73 stump help cobb to the registration desk in a clean , but very modest old hotel . a woman , 30 , stand at the counter in the middle of some dispute with the clerk . she wear a long , cheap , plain - cloth overcoat and galoshes . stump burst in , oblivious to the conversation in progress . stump two room , please ... the woman turn to confront the two man . now we see she . on a fabulous platinum - blonde wig be stick a yellow slicker - type rain hat . the ear flap be awry , the platinum - blonde wig curl up around it -- the effect be thrill . ( continued ) 59 . 73 continued : 73 woman in wig stand back , you old fart . I be in the middle of something -- ( back to clerk ) the heat 's on the blink and the mattress be lumpy -- I want a discount . clerk aw , c'mon , you always want a discount , mona . ramona ( woman ) ra-mona ... and the mattress be always lumpy -- cobb pull out a bottle of pill and wash a handful down with a deep swig from a pint bottle of whiskey . the clerk look on with alarm . stump Excuse I , I have gotta get he check in . he 's very sick . ramona we be all sick in the eye of God -- but some of we still have manners . she whirl and leave the lobby , leave the three man . stump two room , next to each other . CUT to ; 74 int . cobb be room - night 74 stump help cobb shoot up with insulin -- the needle clumsily grop for a vein in the old man' arm . close on cobb his face look terrible , draw , drain . cobb reach into he pouch and pull out a bundle of cash and security note , tie neatly with a string . cobb ( barely audible ) my money ... ( continued ) 60 . 74 continued : 74 stump you money 's okay , ty , right here ... cobb my gun ... stump you gun 's okay , too ... right here ... and stump hand cobb he beloved pistol , which cobb take with great affection and comfort . stump help cobb into bed , cover he with a blanket . the gun and the money sit on the pillow next to he head . cobb speak with great pain just before he pass out from pain , drug , and exhaustion . cobb we have not miss the testimonial dinner , have we ? stump no we have not miss the dinner ... cobb good , good ... cobb manage a small , pain smile before drift off into sleep . stump turn off the light and exit . CUT to : 75 int . stump' room next door - night 75 stump pour a glass of vodka , settles into a chair , and dial the phone . he swallow deeply of the drink , and wait . stump ( on phone ) hello ? happy birthday ! it 's you daddy ! yeah ! ( beat ) you birthday be yesterday ?! no , it could not be ! stump quickly check a calendar on the wall and realize he 's miss he son 's birthday . ( continued ) 61 . 75 continued : 75 stump ( on phone ) omigod , what can I say ? I feel terrible -- no , it 's not okay , jeez ... when I get off the road we will do something special -- a late birthday , eh ? maybe you can go to spring training or something with I , eh? yeah ... ( beat ) listen , be you mother there ? ( beat ) I know she do not want to speak to I , but I want to speak to she . ( wait for answer ) okay , okay -- I feel terrible about the birthday ... I will call you real soon . and tell you mother I be not drink anymore . okay ... ' bye , ' bye ... stump hang up the phone -- take a deep breath , and ... he pour another drink , and sit down to he typewriter . stump fuck it ... stump be hunkere over he typewriter pound away . his voice over indicate what he be write . stump ( v.o. ) I be a fool for think cobb 's brilliance might be what I need at this moment of my life ... ty cobb be the last thing I need . ( beat ) he be not misunderstand -- he be understand perfectly well . he hate black , he hate Jews , he hate Catholic -- he hate everything except himself and he own view of the world ... ( beat ) at time it seem like he would drop dead in front of I ... ( beat ) ... and other time he seem indestructible ... ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . 75 continued : ( 2 ) 75 stump ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I be reluctant to view the great ty cobb as a pathetic character , lose in the past , paranoia , and the shallow defense of 'his own breeding '... we hear sound of the typewriter banging away as ... we drift out the window -- leave stump to write all night , at first view through the window , then move until we have a view of -- 76 ext . view of reno - night 76 we hear the incessant banging of the typewriter gradually fade away ... dissolve to : 77 int . stump' room at HOTEL - day 77 stump asleep -- full sun shine in the window . noon. a bottle crash against the headboard jarring stump to consciousness . he look up to see : cobb read the page in a rage . he tear they as he do . cobb ' pathetic , paranoid , lose in the past ! ' what be this shit ?! stump awaken slowly , disorient , amidst a shattered bottle . stump that be my note ! you can not look at my note ! cobb you be note -- my life ! you be gonna betray I , you son of a bitch ! stump you want the truth ? I be gonna tell the truth ! ( continued ) 63. 77 continued : 77 cobb whose truth ? stump mine , for crissake , I be the writer ! cobb but I be the legend and legend be not pathetic ! stump ( slightly defensive ) this be just note ... cobb do not you understand anything about ' greatness ' ? stump maybe you should find another writer . cobb there 's not enough time leave . this frank admission momentarily stop stump . stump I be entitle to my opinion -- cobb now that 's pathetic . who give a good God damn about the opinion of Al stump ?! what people want to know about be ty cobb ! and they do not want to know who he hate ' cause everybody hate somebody ! they do not wanta know if he have two wife or ten ! they do not wanta know if he hit woman or if they hit he ! stump you think they wanta know how to steal second base ? cobb yes ! precisely ! stump well I do not ! ( continued ) 64 . 77 continued : ( 2 ) 77 cobb oh , oh , oh ... I get it . you be one of they college psychology type guy . you wanta find the miss piece to finish the puzzle know as the madman cobb -- you think you be the next hemingway but you be just a moderate success in a moderate-sized pond . stump fuck you , cobb ! I be much more than a moderate success ! cobb that 's it , now you be show some life . you want psychology ? I will give you some fuck psychology ! stump ( cynically ) I be all ear . cobb my father be a great man ... dissolve to : 78 ext . moonlit road through some georgia wood - night - 78 ( b&amp ; W ) a horse shake its head , attach to a buggy . a man pat the horse and tie it to a tree . cobb ( v.o. ) my father tell my mother he be go out of town for the weekend on business . but he do not go . he come back ' cause he think she be be unfaithful ... 79 int . house - night ( b&amp ; W ) 79 the woman prepare for bed . cobb ( v.o. ) I do not know why he think it -- ' cause my mother be a wonderful woman -- but he think it . 65 . 80 ext . house - night ( b&amp ; W ) 80 the father climb up the trellis onto the balcony . cobb ( v.o. ) my father think he would catch the man who be try to steal he wife from he ... catch he in the act ... 81 father ( b&amp ; W ) 81 pull a gun as he near the window . int . house - night ( b&amp ; W ) the woman hear noise on the balcony and leap out of bed in terror . close on woman ( b&amp ; W ) she turn and look toward the bed . we do not see whatever she 's look at . woman' Pov ( b&amp ; W ) the window . it start to open . cobb ( v.o. ) my father have high standard ... the high . he believe in quality ... he believe in education ... he believe in God ... he believe in I ... he believe in my mother ... but on that night he seem like a prowler ... and so -- 82 ext . balcony - night ( b&amp ; W ) 82 a shotgun blast take out cobb 's father 's stomach and he reel back onto the balcony . he roll to he elbow and look up . cobb ( v.o. ) my mother kill my father ... shot he in the belly ... ( beat ) and then blow he head clean off ... ( continued ) 66 . 82 continued : 82 a second shotgun blast take he head off . CUT to : 83 int . stump' room at HOTEL - day 83 cobb stand above stump who be still in bed . cobb how 's that ? a pretty God damn good piece of psychology , eh ? that what you be look for ? the childhood incident that explan I ?! cobb spit on the papers of stump 's text . cobb well I be a prick before it happen and a bigger prick after it happen so stick that up you sigmund Freud ass ! silence . stump be shake by this story . stump you mother kill you father ? cobb and you be not printing it . stump I have to . cobb not if I say so . I do not think you understand something -- I have final editorial approval of the book . stump no , I do . I always have it . cobb do you read you contract ? stump it 's my standard contract . I just sign . I would never have agree to this if you have final approval . ( continued ) 67 . 83 continued : 83 cobb calmly pick up the phone and hand it to stump . cobb call you agent . stump quickly dial and get a answer . stump hello ? Charlie ? Al ... I be in reno ... yeah ... thing be fine ... ( beat ) yeah , listen ... I be just check ... do we give away final editorial approval on this cobb book ? ( long beat of disbelief ) we do ? cobb have it ? Jesus ... stump listen long and hard -- he face sink . cobb smile and hang the phone back up for stump who reach for the bottle on the nightstand and pour himself a morning drink of vodka . cobb well , you be pretty stupid to give up approval , be not ya ? stump fuck you , cobb ? cobb fuck I ? why I ? ( suddenly charming ) why you mad at I ? you agent make the deal , you lawyer , you publisher , you do not even read the contract because you trust they ! who the hell ever trust a lawyer or a agent ?! if I be Al stump , the guy I would be piss off at would be Al stump ! stump listen to I , you son of a bitch -- if you die before the book be finish , I will write the story I want . cobb but I be not die first . stump I will write slow . ( continued ) 68 . 83 continued : ( 2 ) 83 cobb I will die slow . cobb light a big cigar -- and set fire to stump 's page . both man watch they go up in smoke . cobb now get dress so we can go find some woman ... stump just stare back -- exhaust and overmatch . CUT to : 84 int . harrah' club ( reno ) - night 84 the main room -- showtime . in progress . louis prima with keely smith be thrill a pack house full of dinner table . louis prima and group ' that old black magic have I in its spell , that old black magic that you weave so well ..' cobb and stump at a table drink and eat . a cigarette girl work the room at a nearby table . she 's all leg and fishnet stocking ... and wig . cobb loo kot that -- hundred buck say I get in she pants before dawn . the cigarette girl turn and we recognize she . stump my God -- it 's mona ... ra-mona ... we meet she at the hotel ... ramona be a vision in this outfit as she approach they . cobb I do not remember ... ramona arrive at they table . ramona cigarettes , gentleman ? cigar ? we stockpile some havanas before senor castro do he little number . ( continued ) 69 . 84 continued : 84 stump coupla monte cristos , ramona , number twos . ramona have we meet ? stump at the hotel -- check in . ramona ohyeah , you be the asshole . cobb be suddenly gallant , gentlemanly , even charming . cobb Excuse I , young lady , I must apologize for the behavior of my friend -- he have a crude side . ramona deliver the cigar and collect the money . stump be a bit chagrine and catch off guard by this cobb . ramona I accept . cobb ramona ... Spanish name ... lovely ... it mean ' moonlit garden of the god ' ... ramona actually it 's german and mean ' wise protectoress ' but thanks for the think ... intercut with : onstage Louis prima take the mike -- his number have finish to much applause from the drunken crowd . louis prima lady and gentleman , thank you very much , you be a great crowd ... I have be inform that we have a celebrity with we tonight who be a legend , a man who truly need no introduction ... ( more ) ( continued ) 70 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 louis prima ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ... so let 's give a harrah 's casino warm welcome to the great baseball player of all time , the one and only ty cobb ! the spotlight fly to cobb who kiss ramona 's hand . stump have be leave out of the exchange , and mumble . stump ' moonlit garden of the god ' ? the audience stand to applaud cobb -- full and genuine . cobb graciously wave to the crowd , bow , bask . back onstage - louis prima motion to he band . louis prima and this one 's for the Georgia Peach ! they break into " sweet Georgia Brown . " louis prima / keely smith no gal make have get a shade on sweet Georgia Brown , two leave foot but oh so sweet be sweet Georgia Brown ... cobb break into a little dance with ramona at the table , much to stump 's ( and ramona 's ) amazement . for a moment , at least , there be great footwork and lightness in he movement -- we get a glimpse of the great athlete he once be . louis prima the great ty cobb ! c'mon up here ! stump they want you , ty -- cobb of course they want I . and cobb head for the stage , walk better but not without effort , a walk enhance by drug and booze . as he do , ramona turn to stump . ( continued ) 71 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 ramona who 's that ? stump the great baseball player of all time . ramona I do not know baseball from shmaseball but I know a nice man when I see one and I also know it 's time for my coffee break . hasta luego . and she 's off with she trayful of tobacco to the cocktail lounge . back onstage as cobb arrive ... louis prima and group ( sing ) fellas , she can not get , be fella , she be not meet , Georgia make she , Georgia claim she , sweet Georgia Brown . Louis prima welcome cobb to the mike to thunderous applause . louis prima my great pleasure , sir -- ( shaking hand ) I have always want to ask you something , Mr. cobb , with all the great ballplayer play right now -- how well do you think you would do against today 's player ? cobb well , I figure against today 's pitcher I would only hit about .275 , .280 ... louis prima that 's amazing , Mr. cobb , consider you lifetime average be nearly a hundred point higher . why do you think you would only hit .275 against today 's pitcher ? ( continued ) 72 . 84 continued : ( 4 ) 84 cobb because I be 72 fuck year old , that 's why , God damn it . give I that thing . cobb grab the mike and take over . cobb first of all I wanta thank you for that song , ' sweet Georgia Brown ... it 's a great song about my home state and I appreciate it ... ( beat ) that song have become the theme song for the harlem globetrotter ... ( as prima nod with a smile ) it 's too bad such a fine song have to be steal by a buncha nigger play a faggot game in they underwear ... prima and he cohort be aghast . they cling to the hope that this be some put - on , some joke . they force a small , unnatural laugh . stump wince and leave the room , head for the bar . cobb ' course the globetrotter be own by a Jew name saperstein so whadda you expect ? a disaster . prima try gamely to seize the mike back . louis prima thank you very much . another round of applause for the Georgia Peach , ty cobb ! cobb I get the mike , dago -- gimme a God damn minute . nobody 's get respect for they elder any more . cobb turn to the crowd which , even in it 's drunken state , be appal and in disbelief . ( continued ) 73. 84 continued : ( 5 ) 84 cobb now let I explain to you how to hit a baseball . it 's a lose art . ever since that half - nigger Ruth start hit home run , the skill , the art , and the science have be lose . cobb grab a clarinet from a member of prima 's band . cobb now , say this be a bat ... backstage the casino manager and security force be quickly gather to figure out what to do . casino manager let 's just haul he off -- security officer that 's ty cobb ! he will fuck kill I ! cobb you see , the bat be like a wand , a magic wand ... it should be caress , hold like a woman ... like a woman who 's really in need of a man ... offstage the casino manager wince and consult . casino manager oh God , here we go ... cobb hitting a baseball be really very easy ... you can not force it ... you can not overpower it ... you go with the pitch ... you let the bat do the work ... it 's all rhythm and flow ... and cobb start demonstrate hit technique to the bewilder audience and casino staff . he strike that familiar , strange stance -- choke up on the bat , a split grip , the bat hold parallel to the ground ... CUT to : 74 . 85 int . casino bar - night 85 stump see ramona at the bar , she cigarette / cigar tray on the bar . she 's smoking and work she way through a tall drink . he approach she . stump Excuse I . ramona you again ? you could learn some manners from you friend . stump I will try harder . ( motion for bartender ) you be a beautiful woman . ramon it 's the wig . ramona pull the wig off she head revealing a sea of bobby pin and hair pin tie she natural brown hair to she head . she set the wig on the counter and scratch she natural scalp . ramona the damn thing itches but it 's good for tip . give I a scratch , will ya ? stump scratch the back of she scalp , somewhat embar - rass and somewhat arouse . ramon turn you on ? hey , harvey , another round . on he . stump vodka and grapefruit juice . ramona slap the wig back on she head . slightly akilter . she do not care . harvey deliver another round . stump you wig 's crooked . ramona do it bother you ? stump no , no ... I be just -- ( continued ) 75 . 85 continued : 85 ramona ( bored , shrugging ) you wanta go to bed with I , right ? stump be so take aback that he do not know how to answer . fluster , he look around , then take a deep hit on he drink . he be very unsure . stump you want money ? ramona I be not a whore ! I do not screw for money ?! Jesus ! stump I be sorry . I do not know . I mean I be not good at this . ramona just divorced , huh ? stump not yet ... ramona it 's write all over ya . giant letter right across the forehead . d-i -v-o-r-c-e . ha! plain as day . ramona let out a loud , hearty laugh without inhibition . stump it 's obvious , huh ? ramona obvious . ( beat ) so , if ya wanta pay I to screw , I will not do it . stump then I will not . ramona screw or pay ? stump whichever . ( continued ) 76 . 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 ramona so ya do not wanta screw ? stump no , I do . ramona all this ambiguity -- I see why she 's divorce ya . stump , completely befuddle , let down completely . he do not care about get laid or drunk or anything for the moment , except have someone to talk to -- the some - one be ramona . stump I do not know what I be say or do anymore ... I be try to speak my heart . ramona oh God ... stump I tell my wife I want a divorce . she say ' okay ' -- then I realize maybe I do not . ramona then go back to she . stump no . ramona then quit cry . you want a divorce , you do not want a divorce , you be ask marital advice from a woman you be try to get in the sack -- jeez Louise ! stump I be not myself . ramona who be ? a sigh . stump be lose . he motion to the bartender . ( continued ) 77 . 85 continued : ( 3 ) 85 stump another round , harvey . ( back to ramona ) this assignment have I befuddle . I be suppose to tell the world that a monster be really a prince . I be suppose to lie . ramona you be pay ? stump very well . ramona then it 's not a lie . it 's a job . quit agonizing -- take the money , do what you gotta do , and get it over with . stump I can not . ramona then quit . stump no ! ramona for godsake why not ? stump have to think about this for a while . stump he know greatness . I be in the presence of greatness . I want to learn about greatness . she look at he like he 's crazy . ramona greatness be overrate . stump maybe you be right , maybe you be right ... ramona so what do you want ? stump drink deeply -- he heart need alcoholic reinforcement . ( continued ) 78 . 85 continued : ( 4 ) 85 stump I want to be in someone 's arm tonight . ramona oh that . why do man have such a hard time say what they want ? CUT to : 86 int . stump' HOTEL room - night 86 stump and ramona stagger in drunkenly -- they be awkward and passionate . she grab he vodka and take a swig from the bottle . stump wait , wait ... do not drink too much . ramona ya think I will not be able to screw if I be too drunk ? stump well ... yeah ... ramona screw , stew , and tattooe ! she laugh a hearty laugh , let it all out . stump c'mere ... I want to hold you . ramona you be so thoughtful -- the other be try to get I drunk and you be try to keep I sober . you would be good husband material . stump not so fast -- ramona I do not mean -- stump come here . ( continued ) 79 . 86 continued : 86 they embrace -- and hold each other fully , do nothing but hold on . stump relax . ramona I be not a whore . stump shh , shh ... I know , I know ... a moment of quiet , simple bliss -- when : the door burst open -- the lock splinter with a crash , and : cobb burst into the room -- full of rage . cobb you two -time bastard ! you God damn juda iscariot ! you steal my girl ! I will kill you ! stump she 's not ' you ' girl ! and cobb lash out at stump -- stump try to block the blow , but cobb be relentless , and cobb hit he again . stump fall backwards -- his head hit a corner of the table . ramona what be you do ?! and cobb backhand ramona across the face , knock she down . stump lie on the floor only half conscious . he grab he head . blood . the room swirl in front of he as -- cobb grab ramona , pull he everpresent gun from he pocket as he do . cobb you be come with I ! ramona I do not want to ! cobb jam the pistol into she jaw . ( continued ) 80 . 86 continued : ( 2 ) 86 stump' Pov a dizzying view of cobb drag the woman out of he room . and he pass out . CUT to : 87 int . HOTEL - cobb be room - night 87 cobb throw ramona to the floor and lock the door . her wig fall off . cobb pick it up and stare at it . cobb what 's this ?! ramona my hair . cobb put it back on . she do -- the wig sit at a funny angle . cobb that 's better . ramona who be you again ? cobb I be the Georgia Peach . I have 4,191 base hit in 11,429 at - bat , 920 steal basis , 2,244 run score , and 92 bat record ... ( beat ) and I want you to undress . ramona no. cobb click the hammer of he gun with icy calm . ramona that do not scare I ' cause if you kill I I will be dead and you be not gonna screw a dead lady . cobb I might . ( continued ) 81 . 87 continued : 87 she stare at the madman . ramona you be right . you might . cobb take you clothes off . ramona remove she top -- she breast be jamme into a classic 50 's push - up bra . cobb you get big tit . I like big tit . ramona ( terrify ) they be not so big . they be average , actually -- but this bras be great . push them right up there . I owe a lot to the bras and wig . a girl need what she need -- cobb shut up . take it off . she do . and cover she breast with she hand . cobb shy , huh ? get on the bed . ramona get on the bed -- cobb circle the bed continuously . cobb you be a beauty . Roll over . she roll on she face , prop herself on she elbow . close on her face terror and tear . ramona Mr. cobb , I -- cobb shut up . ( continued ) 82. 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 close on cobb his eye be full of fury and lust . cobb what I coulda do with you in my prime ... ramona I be sure you -- cobb shut up ! ramona what do you want from I ?! cobb Roll over . terrify , she do . cobb I want you to do exactly what I say ... ramona no ... CUT to : 88 int . hallway - view of stump' room - night 88 through the open door -- stump rise to he foot , feel he head , and groggily stagger out . blood on he hand . stump feel he way past a couple door , listen in , unsure which room be cobb 's until a booming voice -- cobb ( o.s. ) ramona ! stump hurry to cobb 's door and listen in to be sure . intercut with : 89 int . cobb be room - night 89 cobb stand above she with he gun and he money . cobb exactly what I say ... ( continued ) 83. 89 continued : 89 cobb pull a stack of bill from he bag . cobb a thousand dollar ... he hold out the money for she . ramona do what you gotta do and get it over with , Mr. cobb . silence . cobb take a big , sloppy hit from a bottle , throw in a few pill for good measure . cobb I want you to tell everyone you meet that you fuck I and I be the best fuck you ever have . ramona that 's all ? cobb that 's a lot . ramona for a thousand buck ? Hell yes . he reach out and straighten she wig which be pretty crooked by now . she let he . then he fall apart , vio - lently grab he crotch . cobb I be look at the most beautiful woman in the world , do you hear I ?! cobb grab he crotch with the violence he do everything . cobb and I be dead down here ! Dead ! nothing ! and it 's be like that for over two year ! nothing ! now get outta here before I hit you ! cobb lash out at ramona -- a vicious right hand . she duck as he fist slam through the headboard . ramona Georgia Peach my ass -- Georgia trash be what you be ! ( continued ) 84 . 89 continued : ( 2 ) 89 ramona grab she clothes and run from the room , past stump who have hear it all . he enter cobb 's room . cobb sit at the foot of the bed , thoroughly flustered . stump help he into he bed where he curl up with he money and he gun , barely conscious . cobb she be a great piece of ass , stumpy , best I ever have ... stump good , good ... cobb have we miss the testimonial dinner ? stump no we have not , ty ... now get some sleep ... stump tuck cobb in he bed as the old man drift into sleep , turn off the light , and head back to he own room . close on cobb asleep . even in sleep , die , he be twitching and full of fragment of unspent energy . stump ( v.o. ) he sleep for day . I think he be go for sure . but even in sleep he be restless and in motion , a fire always burn in he belly ... CUT to : 90 int . HOTEL - stump' room - day 90 stump at the typewriter , pound away without interruption . stump ( v.o . ) by this time I be work on two manuscript -- one be he version , my life in Baseball -- which for better or worse be a history of how to steal second base or how to hit the break ball to the opposite field . ( more ) ( continued ) 85 . 90 continued : 90 stump ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it contain nothing about he parent , much less the death of he father at the hand of he mother ... intercut with : 91 int . cobb be room - day 91 cobb toss and turn in he sleep , squeezing a pillow or blanket in a death grip . stump ( v.o . ) ... it contain nothing about he child and ex-wive , none of whom would even speak to he ... ( beat ) it contain no insight from he friend because I could not find any . intercut with : 92 int . stump' room - close on typewriter - night 92 page of the baseball book in progress next to a neatly - stack manuscript in progress . stump ( v.o . ) it be a baseball book and I keep it in the typewriter for he to discover and amend ... ( beat ) it be a book I never plan to publish . stump sit on he bed smoking he pipe and write in longhand on piece of paper of all size . stump ( v.o. ) the second version , my version , be write on legal pad and hotel stationery and cocktail napkin and anything I could scrape together without draw he attention ... ( beat ) I keep my version in a box at the bottom of my suitcase -- ( continued ) 86 . 92 continued : 92 stump pack " he " version into a box , hide it deep in he suitcase . stump ( v.o. ) the whole thing have become a agonizing death watch , and most day I could not believe the son of a bitch would not die ... the door fly open and cobb burst in -- full of vim and vigor , a fresh set of clothes on , fire in he eye . cobb nothing like a cigarette girl and thirty hour of sleep to invigorate a man , stumpy ! you look like shit . stump be write , ty ... cobb go straight for the typewriter and yank out a page , grab the stack of type page as well . cobb well let 's see how we be do ... cobb read the page with utter seriousness . stump watch . cobb yes , God damn it , stumpy , yes ! now you be get it ! none of this sigmund Freud bullshit ! Baseball , stumpy , baseball ! yes ! cobb rush to stump and embrace he , almost like a child . his eye be wet with tear . cobb you understand ! people be no damn good but you be different ! you be okay , stumpy , you get it ! ( beat ) and I can trust you ... stump stare back . and nod . cobb now let 's go roll we some dice , alimony , I feel a hot hand come on ! CUT to : 87 . 93 int . casino - night 93 cobb and stump approach the game table and as they do , cobb be recognize and approach for autograph . he sign as he walk , suddenly gracious in this moment . cobb y'see how it work , stumpy ... they boo ya you whole career , then when you be about to kiss off , they put ya on a pedestal . that 's what be a legend 's all about . arrive at a crap table , cobb barge right in . cobb send the dice to the Peach , boy , and belly up to the bar ... the croupier push the dice to cobb who place a bet , as do the other . cobb roll the dice -- but he see something . somebody . cobb stumpy , what be that ?! Pov - ramona and willie be roll dice at a nearby table . they appear friendly , not intimate , two among twelve . back to scene cobb my girl go for the nigger ? stump I think they be just next to each other by accident . cobb mona ! you with that nigger ! cobb 's voice silence the table . ramona look up . willie he 's crazy . ramona I know . cobb Willie ! be she with you ?! ( continued ) 88. 93 continued : 93 ramona seize the moment and kiss Willie on the cheek , drape herself all around he as if they be close . the intention be strictly to get back at cobb . ramona this be my man , Mr. cobb , and he 's all man . cobb my girl with my nigger ! stump she 's not you girl and he 's not you -- cobb pull he gun and try to climb across the table . security officer he 's get a gun . ramona Mr. cobb ! willie get down ! cobb on the table with a gun as stump and police officer scramble to grab he gun hand . customer hit the deck . cobb what be the world come to ?! blam , blam , blam -- the gun be fire repeatedly into the ceiling fixture , into the mirror above the table . cobb be wrestle to the table by several man , include stump . and it take all of they to escort the struggle cobb out of the casino into the lobby . stump ( to security man ) we be leave , we be leave ! there 's no reason to press charge ! cobb ( to everbody ) do you know who I be ?! security man you be a crazy old fool , that 's who you be ! ( continued ) 89 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 stump back off , God damn it ! we be leave ! cobb where we go , stumpy , I wanta find we some more woman ! stump hesitates , chaos swirl around they . cobb be out of control , we hear threat of arrest -- when ... stump ty , ty , ty , calm down . it 's time for the testimonial dinner ! this stop cobb cold . he 's immediately sober . CUT to : 94 ext . reno arch - dawn 94 stump 's car pass under the arch , head out of town , and we go to voice over : stump ( v.o. ) actually the testimonial dinner at the Hall of Fame be still week away , but it be the only thing that get he calm down enough to get we out of town without get throw in jail -- or get somebody kill . dissolve to : 95 ext . route 66 ( arizona ) - day 95 the car take stump and cobb eastward . stump ( v.o. ) and as we head across country , cobb as usual be oblivious to the chaos he would leave in he wake . in fact he be buoy with new enthusiasm at the prospect of see he croney once again ... 96 int . car on highway - day 96 cobb be in a upbeat mood . he 's read a map . a tape recorder with hand mike sit between they . ( continued ) 90 . 96 continued : 96 cobb y'know something , alimony , I believe you be the best friend I ever have . stump you be kid . cobb swear on a Bible , stumpy -- I feel I can trust you now . close on stump deeply alarmed by this confession . stump ( v.o. ) I be disturb , to say the least , that he feel we be friend -- but at least for the moment it make thing bearable . ( beat ) and he start talk -- the world accord to ty cobb ... cobb talk into a tape recorder sit on he lap , enjoy the hand microphone . cobb ( into recorder ) and then this fat ass name Babe Ruth come into the league and damn near destroy the game of baseball ... we all think he be gonna eat and fuck he way outta the league but he hang around for a few year -- stump ' hung around ' ? he be -- ( quickly revise ) -- next to you -- the great player of all time . he hit 714 home run ?! cobb anybody can hit home run . now excuse I , I get work to do ... stump sorry , ty -- and cobb resume into the tape recorder . ( continued ) 91 . 96 continued : ( 2 ) 96 cobb I do not care that they cheer and adore Ruth -- I care that they respected he ballplay -- Christ , they build yankee Stadium for he with a 297 - foot right field line . my sister Florence could hit the ball 297 foot ! dissolve to : 97 ext . stadium - day ( 1920s ) ( b&amp ; W ) 97 game in progress -- Detroit vs. New York . cobb at the plate -- a pitch at he head knock he down . immediately , both bench clear in a major brawl . cobb ( v.o. ) whenever we get into a fight with the New yorker , 24 of we guy would fight 24 of they guy and I and Ruth would take on each other ! as the bench clear -- cobb race not at the pitcher but straight to right field where the Babe be charge in like a rhino straight for cobb . somewhere near second base the two giant collide in a thunderous smash , fall to the ground in a brawl , as 48 player slug it out in the b.g. dissolve to : 98 ext . route 66 ( southwest ) - dusk 98 the car race into the sunset , cobb babbling on ... stump ( v.o. ) during the day , we work on he version of the story . at night I work on mine ... CUT to : 99 int . cheap motel ( route 66 ) - night 99 100 stump 100 alone in a room , be write on pad of paper . ( continued ) 92 . 100 continued : 100 he pour another drink and light a cigarette . stump ( v.o. ) I be drink like a fish , smoking cigarettes again , and now lie about the hide manuscript . ( beat ) and by write two version without tell he , I be become something cobb be not . ( beat ) I be become a liar . a o.s. rumble -- stump quickly hide the manuscript as : cobb thunder in with the typewritten version , the ver - sion write for cobb 's approval . cobb fabulous stuff , stumpy , just brilliant . you be a genius . stump thanks , ty ... cobb I love read about I . cobb take a swig of booze . some routine outside noise drift in , young people laughing and carrying on . cobb goddamn it , who 's out there ? cobb hurry outside , draw he pistol . CUT to : 101 ext . motel - night 101 cobb charge outside -- firing he pistol into the air . the manager and a security guard hurry over . follow quickly by stump , who 's now a expert at this . stump ( v.o. ) he shot up he share of motel for all the usual reason -- guest be too noisy , he could not get any sleep , it do not matter -- he be always boil over ... ( continued ) 93. 101 continued : 101 stump lead cobb back inside and calm the local . stump ... and I become expert at keep the peace wherever we go ... CUT to : 102 int . same motel - bathroom - close on cobb be vein - 102 night as stump help he shoot up . stump ( v.o. ) I also become expert at find he vein ... ( beat ) which always revive he ... CUT to : 103 ext . somewhere on route 66 - day 103 the car be park by the side of the highway . cobb stand with the tape recorder next to a endless plain of flat desert or roll farmland . the hood be up on the car , steam spill from the radiator . and cobb be dictat - ing like Marc Antony . cobb ( into recorder ) ... by the age of 25 I be a millionaire , by the age of 30 a multi-millionaire , by the age of 35 ... stump wade up in the weed to give cobb he pill . CUT to : 104 ext . highway ( pennsylvania ) - day 104 105 int . car - day 105 stump drive as cobb babbles away into the tape recorder . ( continued ) 94 . 105 continued : 105 stump ( v.o. ) somewhere along the way I would go from biographer to stenographer to chauffeur to nurse ... I be the only thing keep the bastard alive ... and I keep hope he would die . cobb y'know , stumpy , with a friend like you , I just might go on forever ... cobb grab the recorder mike and launch in again . cobb ( back into the mike ) where be we -- ohyeah -- then , at the age of 42 , I bat .323 which be a embarrassment to I but would be a career for anyone else ... stump ( v.o. ) until , by the grace of God , we arrive -- day , week , month later , I do not know -- in cooperstown , New York , for he beloved testimonial dinner ... dissolve to : 106 ext . baseball field ( cooperstown , new york ) - dusk 106 the ball field -- no game . nearby , a set of building . the Baseball Hall of Fame . stump 's car pull into town . CUT to : 107 ext . abner doubleday motel ( cooperstown ) - dusk 107 a classic 50' motel . 108 int . motel - dusk 108 stump and cobb get dress for the testimonial dinner . a black - tie affair , stump have to help cobb finish dress . cobb be full of boyish enthusiasm . ( continued ) 95 . 108 continued : 108 cobb you be gonna meet great athlete , great warrior , great man at this Hall of Fame dinner , stumpy . none of this modern , pansy bullshit -- stump I have be look forward to this for a long time -- cobb you fuck liar . you have be hope I would die first . stump you get I wrong . cobb I get you right . but it 's okay ' cause I need you help . stump squirm . a knock at the door . stump answer it . a beat - up 70 - year-old man stand there -- look like a lose bum . stump can I help you ? man cobb here ? stump why ? man I be mickey cochrane . stum Jesus . ty , it 's mickey cochrane . stump let cochrane in the door . ty stare at he . cobb where 's you tux ? cochrane ( man ) I do not have one . cobb I send you money for it . ( continued ) 96 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 cochrane it do not arrive . cobb you drank it , you mean . you can not go to the Hall of Fame like that . I will not allow it . cochrane thing have be rough , ty. cobb there 's two thing a man should never do -- complain or explain . ( beat ) now go buy a God damn tux ! cobb peel some cash from he roll of dough and throw it at cochrane . cochrane the store be close . cobb ( explode ) how could you be so good behind the plate and so bad everywhere else ! cobb grab the phone and dial impatiently . cobb Operator ? what 's the best men' shop in town . who own it ? Jack who ? gimme he home number . better yet , ring he up for I . ( beat ) Jack ?! this be ty cobb . go down to you shop and open it up and sell a tux to the great mickey cochrane . and sell he a cumberbund and a shirt and a bow tie and some God damn cologne . he smell like shit . what 's the address ? ( make a note ) he will be there in twenty minute . cobb thrust the card into cochrane 's hand . cobb God damn it , mickey , ya gotta give a better effort . ( continued ) 97 . 108 continued : ( 3 ) 108 cochrane thanks , ty . and cochrane exit , leave cobb with stump once again . cobb he 's lose , stumpy , the poor man 's be lose ever since he take a fastball in the ear . stump you take care of he ? cobb for year -- but that be not goin ' in the book . stump Jesus , ty , why not ? cobb because it would embarrass he . cobb wince as he try to rise , almost fall . cobb I do not wanta take the cane tonight . stump you have get to have you cane . cobb I do not have to have anything -- if you stay near I ... in case I wobble or something ... just a firm hand right here ... ( touch he own lower back ) that will keep I upright . I would appreciate it . now how do I look ? cobb pose in he tux -- proudly , unsurely . stump you look like the great ballplayer of all time . you go to be okay ? cobb I will be okay when I hear the crowd . CUT to : 98 . 109 ext . hall of fame build - night 109 a crowd of local have gather and be cheer as the great old warrior of baseball get out of one limo after another and pass a phalanx of security guard , television camera , and photogapher . a p.a. announcer present each one . p.a. announcer the great left-handed pitcher from the New York Giants , who strike out five man in a row in the 19 -- all - Star game -- Carl hubbell . lanky Carl hubbell , 50' , wave to the crowd and camera as he enter to applause from the local gather . p.a. announcer the great third baseman from the Chicago cub , harold Joseph ' pie ' traynor ... pie traynor , 60' , struggle to the entrance use a cane . p.a. announcer Paul and Lloyd waner , the waner brother -- Big poison and Little poison -- from the Pittsburgh Pirates ... the waner Brothers , 60' , jauntily wave and enter . p.a. announcer fifty -eight home run in a season -- Mr. double -x -- the great Jimmy foxx ! the barrel - chest Jimmy foxx , 60 , get out and wave . p.a. announcer and lady and gentleman , the high lifetime bat average of all time , first man elect to the Hall of Fame , retire with over 90 bat record , the one and only Georgia Peach , ty cobb ! cobb get out , follow by stump . cobb walk into the building , past the camera , utterly erect and upright , stretch he full six foot one inch . the applause be the most enthusiastic yet . ( continued ) 99 . 109 continued : 109 close on cobb' face his concentration be intense , he focus be mesmerize , full of pride and rage . he make it to the door . cobb you hand , stumpy , you hand ! stump slip he hand to cobb 's lower back just as they arrive at the door , and the two man enter together . cobb thank you , my friend ... and cobb be meet by the Hall of Fame director , charle , 50 , who shake he hand and show he in . charle hello , Mr. cobb , good to see you again . and they head inside . CUT to : 110 int . hall of fame - banquet room - night 110 a orchestra be play " Georgia on my mind " as cobb hold court at he table of honor . the great old player keep come up to he , renewing old acquaintance . the first be wahoo SAM crawford , 80' , a contemporary and at one time both teammate and adversary of young cobb . crawford Sam Crawford , ty , Long time no see . cobb good to see you , Sam . you doin ' okay ? crawford I be alive , ty , I be alive ... cobb the boy will get together later and have a little party , eh ? crawford be some party tonight , Peach ... ( continued ) 100 . 110 continued : 110 rogers hornsby , 60' , move in as wahoo Sam Crawford move on . cobb stumpy , meet Rogers hornsby , next to I the great hitter of all time -- hornsby how d'ya do . you be look good , ty ... cobb I look like shit and you know it . we will have a real smoker later , eh ? hornsby ohyeah ... we will tear it up good ... the emcee rap a fork on a glass , bring the dinner to order . baseball m.c. welcome to cooperstown , lady and gentleman . we be here to acknowledge the great ballplayer of all time , that man still grace we presence who be among the earliest inductee into the Hall of Fame . ( beat ) waner , hubbell , foxx , cochrane , hornsby , traynor -- this be the giant , the Old Masters of we craft ... the spotlight move around the room and each man wave , half rise from he chair . baseball m.c . but the great of all be with we tonight -- simply put , the best ballplayer ever -- tyrus Raymond cobb . a spotlight hit cobb , who rise and wave to the crowd as the light dim . baseball m.c . we have gather from the archive some film on Mr. cobb ... light , please ... ( continued ) 101 . 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 the light dim -- a giant screen be lower , and the screen fill with old black and white footage of cobb in action . 111 film ( b&amp ; W ) 111 with the familiar voice of a narrator . film narrator ( v.o. ) this rare footage of ty cobb reflect he love of child , and they admire he by the thousand ... film - cobb ( b&amp ; W ) pose with kid in uniform . he clown with they , tousle they hair , knock off they cap . film narrator ( v.o . ) on another occasion he partake in a donkey Baseball game , show he not- so- well - know lighter side ... film - cobb ( b&amp ; W ) on a donkey in a donkey Baseball game . film narrator ( v.o. ) and here 's cobb with two other immortal , Babe Ruth and tris speaker ... film - cobb , RUTH and speaker ( b&amp ; W ) pose on the dugout step . film narrator ( v.o. ) cobb and speaker be great friend off the field , and of course be accuse of fix some game by pitcher dutch Leonard ... 112 close on cobb 112 watch the film -- he can not believe what he 's see and hearing . 102 . 113 cobb be Pov - film ( b&amp ; W ) 113 cobb and speaker carouse with obvious gambler type . ( note : cobb 's Pov of the film be subjective and dif - ferentiate from the film everyone else be see . we , the audience , see both version . ) film narrator ( v.o. ) cobb and speaker be clearly involved with unsavory gambler , but finally be acquitted by judge landis , though many question remain unanswer -- 114 cobb 114 lean over to stump with grave concern . cobb what the hell be this ?! stump it 's a great film -- cobb I and speaker and the fix ? stump I think the medication 's get to you , ty -- I be watch you run the basis . 115 stump' Pov ( b&amp ; W ) 115 cobb on the basepath round second and head for third where he slide , spike high , safe . 116 close on cobb 116 stare at the screen . film narrator ( v.o. ) cobb 's unique bat style lead to a unprecedented 12 bat championship and a lifetime average of .367 which place he far above the field ... 117 film - cobb ( b&amp ; W ) 117 at bat , demonstrate he unique stroke . ( continued ) 103 . 117 continued : 117 film narrator ( v.o. ) his ruthless competitive spirit have sometimes be call psychopathic ... 118 cobb 118 turn to stump again . something be wrong . cobb Al , what be you see ? stump you bat stroke . 119 cobb be Pov - film - cobb in uniform ( b&amp ; W ) 119 climb into the stand and start attack a heckler with he fist . film narrator ( v.o . ) in a infamous incident on August xx , 19xx , cobb attack a heckler who turn out to have no arm or leg , and be briefly suspend for the incident ... 120 cobb 120 stand up next to stump , who pull he back down . cobb stumpy , what 's go on ? stump ty , I think you be not well -- I will take you back to the motel . cobb what be you see ? stump you and connie mack . 121 film - cobb ( b&amp ; W ) 121 in he a 's uniform pose with connie mack . 104 . 122 cobb 122 settles back down and say nothing the rest of the film , though he continue to see different image . close on stump enamor of the old footage . 123 stump' Pov - film ( b&amp ; W ) 123 cobb run and slide with abandon and disregard , a fabulous athlete . 124 close on cobb 124 silently watch , disturb . 125 cobb be Pov ( b&amp ; W ) 125 he strike he wife and she fall to the floor . he stand over she defiantly . film narrator ( v.o. ) cobb and he friend be notorious for booze and sex party they have in the off-season , party they call ' smoker , ' which take place in various hunt cabin they would fill with hooker ... cobb be Pov - naked stripper ( b&amp ; W ) on a table gyrate to a room so thick with smoke that cobb and he croney be barely visible sit around the room , a hooker on each lap , bottle of booze flow . 126 close on cobb 126 he rub he eye . what be this ? close on cochrane , hornsby , waner brother ET al . as they watch the same film stump be watch . 127 film - cobb ( b&amp ; W ) 127 round third and slide home in a spray of dirt . ( continued ) 105 . 127 continued : 127 freeze frame as the narrator wrap it up . film narrator ( v.o. ) and when he retire in 1929 , cobb leave behind 92 bat record and a legacy of greatness that may never be approach . 128 crowd 128 a stand ovation from the crowd as the light come on . close on cobb he 's still disorient by the " film " he 's see , but the applause bring he back , and -- the orchestra play " sweet Georgia Brown " to cobb 's raise arm . CUT to : 129 int . large local HOTEL - later that night 129 cobb and stump move through the hallway . cobb Crawford and foxx have something cooking in room 212 -- stump over here , ty. cobb I never party with this boy but they have a reputation . room 212 they knock . jimmy foxx open the door a crack . foxx ty. cobb you get some booze ? foxx no. ( continued ) 106 . 129 continued : 129 cobb I do . ( beat ) who 's in there ? foxx I , Sam and pie . cobb get any woman in there ? foxx sure do . cobb light up . cobb I and stumpy want some action . foxx wanta meet some great broad ? cobb we be ready . and Jimmy foxx open the door let in cobb and stump . CUT to : 130 int . room 212 - night 130 wahoo Sam Crawford , pie traynor , and Jimmy foxx be sit - ting quietly in the room with they wife , each woman in she 60 . cobb and stump stand awkwardly . crawford hello , ty . you know my wife , lillian ? traynor and this be Mrs. traynor . foxx Pearl , meet ty cobb and -- stump Al stump . silence . ( continued ) 107 . 130 continued : 130 cobb ( meekly ) hello , lady . foxx pull cobb aside and whisper discreetly . foxx hornsby 's get something on the third floor -- maybe more what you be look for . CUT to : 131 int . third floor HOTEL - night 131 cobb and stump hurry along look for hornsby 's room . loud music and laughter spill out of the room at the end of the hall . we see a woman enter the room . cobb there it be ! stump you sure you be up for this ? cobb I have never be readier ! cobb take a hit on he flask and they knock at the door . hornsby answer the door -- we can see a party behind he , full of old player , booze , cigar -- and even some woman , though the whole thing be infinitely tamer than the smoker cobb remember . cobb rajah ! hornsby you be not comin ' in , ty. cobb it 's I ! an' stumpy here ! cobb start push on the door . hornsby hold firm . hornsby you be a bastard and you be not come to we party . cobb who 's in there ?! ( continued ) 108 . 131 continued : 131 hornsby I and mickey a ' a coupla broad . cobb let I talk to mickey . hornsby signal to cochrane who come over to the door . cochrane ty ... cobb ya look good in that tux , Mick . cochrane I can not let ya in , ty. it 's Rogers ' party . I be a invite guest . cobb God damn it , let I in ! cobb try to break into the party but hornsby rush over and shove the door in he face , leave ty and stump alone . cobb president of the United States of America use to invite I to the White House to drink they scotch and smoke they cigar and fuck they woman . stump let 's go to the motel , ty ... cobb head down the hallway pound on every door -- he 's ready to explode . cobb let I in , God damn it ! I invent this game ! let I in ! stump let 's go home , ty , this be not a good place to be ... cobb ( scream ) I fight for player ' rights and salary increase and union while all you crawle around on you knee begging massa ' for bread crumb just thankful for a job ! ( more ) ( continued ) 109 . 131 continued : ( 2 ) 131 cobb ( cont 'd ) open up , God damn it ! ballplayer can make big money but they be too stupid ! you be all too stupid ! the hell with ya ! cobb grab stump and pull he face close . cobb take I back to the Hall ! CUT to : 132 ext . hall of fame build - late at night 132 Charles , the Hall director , open the door for cobb and stump . he clearly have be summon in the middle of the night . stump I appreciate you come . charle for Mr. cobb , no problem . cobb be silent . he and stump enter . CUT to : 133 int . hall of fame - night 133 the director flip on a couple light -- the hall be partially light . Charles stay in the b.g. , as -- cobb lead stump past all the display , various shrine and photo and old bat and ball and record , until -- a glass case full of cobb 's thing -- he original Detroit Tiger uniform hang there . Three of he famous " Black betsy " bat , he glove , a couple ball , and he spike . cobb stand in front of the case just stare . stump stand respectfully a few pace away . cobb stare at he old uniform . stump stare at cobb . and cobb start cry , softly at first , then swell until the muffle deep , convulsive sound become more audible . he start cry like a baby . stump stand quietly nearby , afraid to move , until , finally : ( continued ) 110 . 133 continued : 133 cobb suck up the tear and finally turn to stump . cobb what do you see on that film tonight ? stump I see ty cobb play baseball . cobb that 's all ? stump that 's all . cobb I be raise in the Baptist Church but I know that Heaven be just the ol ' oskefagus -- the change - up . you swing from you ass ' cause you think life be a fastball down the middle and after you bat have cross the plate and you be all off balance and look stupid , the ball just kinda flutter across home , slow and juicy and hittable , and as it cross the plate , the ball look at you and smile a nasty smile and laugh its way into the catcher 's mitt ... ( beat ) we do not just lose -- we be make fool of . stump you be the best . cobb save the romance for the book ... ( beat ) ... and take I home to Georgia . CUT to : 134 ext . southern highway - day 134 a black limo cross the landscape . 135 int . limo - day 135 cobb read the type manuscript next to stump who just stare out the window at the pass landscape . ( continued ) 111 . 135 continued : 135 stump ( v.o. ) cobb parte with some of he hard - earn money and rent a limo in order to make what he call a ' grand re-entrance to he beloved home town of royston ... ' cobb mark the margin of the manuscript . stump ( v.o. ) he love the manuscript , as well he should -- it make he out to be a saint -- cobb look up from the manuscript . cobb greatest biography ever write -- stump ( v.o. ) the book , like cobb , be almost finish . but he be die slower than I be write , and like everything else , he view it as a competition that he be not go to lose . close on cobb sweating , pale , hang on . a grim smile . stump ( v.o. ) to I , we be not riding to Georgia in a limo ... ( beat ) we be riding in a hearse ... 136 black limo 136 head into the deep South , past catfish restaurant , shanties , and Civil War battleground . it look like a hearse . CUT to : 137 ext . highway sign - day 137 " welcome to georgia -- ' the Peach State ' " the hearse rush into Georgia . 112 . 138 int . hearse - close on cobb - day 138 stare out the window as the Georgia landscape pass . car Pov - old wooden sign paint chip and fade . cobb ( o.s. ) we be here . and the fuckin ' sign need paint . the sign read : " welcome to royston , georgia " home of ty cobb " a large painting of cobb round third be still visible , though barely , as part of the sign . the limo pass . CUT to : 139 ext . downtown royston - day 139 the limo move slowly and ominously through the town . Old folk , black and white , sit on chair and bench in front of the store , under awning , stare at the strange sight of a limo cruise slowly . stump ( v.o . ) it be not exactly the ' grand be - entrance to a home town ' that he talk about ... close on two old black men sit under a awning . they point and discuss among themselves who this could be . 140 int . limo - day 140 cobb motion to the driver and to stump . cobb my sister life down this way ... turn right here ... ( continued ) 113 . 140 continued : 140 Pov - row of old home cobb ( o.s. ) ( slightly confuse ) they look kinda the same ... stump ( o.s. ) when 's the last time you see she ? cobb about fifteen year ago . but she understand I ... ( point ) there ! no ... damn .... back to scene the limo cruise slowly through a quiet neighborhood . stump ( o.s. ) maybe she move . cobb there ! I think ... Pov - house like the other . limo stop nearby . stump I will see if it 's she . wait here . stump get out of the car and head up the walk . CUT to : 141 ext . house - day 141 stump knock at the door -- the door open -- a woman in she 60 appear . it be florence cobb xxxxx . stump good day , mar 'am . I be look for Florence cobb --------. ( continued ) 114 . 141 continued : 141 florence that 's I . stump I have you brother in the car . florence tyrus ? stump yes . and he would like to see you . cobb be Pov from car - stump and somebody he can not quite see who it be from he angle . back to scene florence I do not wish to see he . stump it 's be a long time , he say . he 's not well . florence I have nothing to say to he , and wish to hear nothing he have to say to I . stump I know there 's be problem , but the family be very important to he . florence Young man , the family he talk about never exist . stump he love he father . florence if he father , if my father , be such a great man , why do tyrus turn out to be so evil ? stump hesitates . he do not have a ready answer . stump he 's die . he just want to see you . ( continued ) 115 . 141 continued : ( 2 ) 141 florence no. and she politely close the door in stump 's face . stump turn , see that the limo be at such a distance that cobb could not possibly have see , or hear , she . he return to the limo . CUT to : 142 int . limo - day 142 stump climb back in next to cobb . he motion to the driver to head off -- the limo do . cobb well ? stump it be not you sister . the woman in the house say you sister move a long time ago ... she do not know where . cobb you cocksucke liar . my sister do not want to see I and you be lie . and stump , at last , go off -- stump liar ?! a cocksucke liar ?! of course I be a liar ! that 's what I be pay to do , be not it ?! lie about ty cobb ?! cobb if you do not like the job , why do not you quit ? stump who would take care of you ? cobb do not give I the sob-sister routine . stump I listen to you bullshit , I interpret and shape and find word for you bullshit and you give I nothing but grief ! ( continued ) 116 . 142 continued : 142 cobb you love be this close to greatness ! stump stop the car ! the car stop . stump climb out , search for room and for air to breathe . the sky be overcast and dark . CUT to : 143 ext . car by roadside - day 143 stump walk away from the car and from cobb . some wind blow , and the threat of rain . stump I wish you would die ! cobb I will , stumpy , I will ... cobb be out of the car on he cane -- follow stump . stump and go to hell ! a line of lightning signal a storm in the distance . cobb oh , I will do that , too . ( beat ) and look how convenient you have make it . they look up -- the entrance to the royston Cemetery . a casually - maintain slope of several acre up a hill . stump that be you sister alright , and she do not want anything to do with you either ! cobb I forgive she . stump walk into the cemetery to escape cobb , who follow nonetheless with a cool resolution . stump laugh at cobb 's comment . ( continued ) 117 . 143 continued : 143 stump you forgive she ?! that 's rich ! cobb ( follow along ) forgiveness be crucial to human maturity and religious growth . stump Religious growth ?! cobb we all need to forgive more , Al ... you oughta try it . you be too angry . you be all pent up . stump I be angry ? through the cemetery they keep walk , up a long hill full of tombstone and shrine and spray of dead and die flower and gaudy plastic bouquet . cobb follow steadily along with he cane , several pace behind stump . thunder shake the ground . and more lightning . cobb be you angry because I discover you be a whore ? be that it , alimony ? stump I be angry ?! cobb be it the divorce ? you gotta let go of it ... stump I love she ! I do not want a divorce ! cobb sure ya do . you be just so use to accommodate people that you do not know what you want anymore . I accommodate nobody . stump whirl near the top of the hill to face cobb who continue make he way along , slowly and surely . stump but you have no friend ! ( continued ) 118 . 143 continued : ( 2 ) 143 cobb do you ? who be they ?! that drunken hack you hang out with who all think they be gonna write the great american novel but all they be gonna ever do be bitch and moan and write lousy lead about high school football game ? how about the brunette in the courtyard ? be she you friend ? I hear she fuck everybody -- she must be everybody 's friend ! a mausoleum loom behind stump , bigger than anything in the cemetery , classical , outsize , monumental , even elegant . one simple word be above the door , carve in granite : cobb . cobb I be glad we be here -- I be gonna bring you here anyway sooner or later -- stump turn to see the mausoleum , and the word cobb . stump which cobb of Georgia be that ? several beat as the man take it all in . finally : cobb ( with pride ) that be I . and rain suddenly fall from the sky , threaten to soak the two man . cobb head for the mausoleum -- stump follow . CUT to : 144 int . mausoleum - day 144 just enough room for the two man to stand . on either side of they be two crypt , enough for four burial vault . cobb be very calm now , and lucid . rain fall heavily outside . ( continued ) 119 . 144 continued : 144 cobb when I die , my mother and father will be move in here and , in time , my dear sister , Florence will join we as well . ( beat ) the family will be together again . stump be still fume , angry and cynical . stump under one roof ? that 's romantic ! you want that in the book ? ty cobb bring the family together at last to enter the gate of Heaven whole ! cobb you mock my family -- you mock I . cobb grab stump by the throat and stare he in the eye . cobb my father be a great man ! stump then why be you such a bastard ? cobb be a bastard be a small price to pay for greatness . I , too , be a great man . stump let I go ! cobb my mother do not kill my father . stump what be you talk about ? cobb 's fist clinch stump 's throat , force he to hear . outside the mausoleum , rain pour down now , a Southern spring thunderstorm unleash torrent . cobb my father tell my mother he be leave town for the weekend but he come back to the edge of the wood where he tie up he horse ... CUT to : 120 . 145 ext . moonlit road through some wood - night ( b&amp ; W ) 145 a horse shake its head , attach to a buggy . a man start through the thinning wood . cobb ( v.o. ) ... because my father think my mother be be unfaithful to he ... Pov shot - gabled house ( b&amp ; W ) in the window a silhouette of the woman . she turn . a dress drop . CUT to : ext . balcony on house - night ( b&amp ; W ) the man climb over the railing and peer in the window . he pull a pistol from he belt . cobb ( v.o. ) ... he be go to catch my mother with another man ... 146 Pov shot - woman ( b&amp ; W ) 146 Young , thin , beautiful . she turn and look towards a bed we can not see . CUT to : int . bedroom - night ( b&amp ; W ) the woman whirl -- she hear a noise . she duck down . she reach under the bed and pull out a shotgun . she lift the shotgun up awkwardly and without familiarity . cob ( v.o. ) I stand by my mother when she be try for murder a few month later . I say she be noble and true and love my father completely and the whole thing be a accident and she be acquitted as she should have be ... ( continued ) 121 . 146 continued : 146 his mother look away at something . cobb ( v.o. ) because my mother do not kill my father . his mother hand the shotgun to a naked man climb from bed . cobb ( v.o . ) my mother 's lover kill my father . cobb 's father raise the winow -- kablam ! the lover fire into he stomach . cobb 's father lurch onto he back . close on cobb' father ( b&amp ; W ) on he back stare up at he mother 's lover . cobb ( v.o. ) the last thing my father see be the face of the man fuck he wife ! the lover unload the second shell -- blow he head off . kablam ! CUT to : 147 int . mausoleum - day 147 the rain pour down on the cemetery . thunder . lightn . cobb still hold stump by the throat . cobb well ?! be that what you want ?! ' Cause that 's all I know and the only other people who know about it be dead ! but it be not go in the book , either , ' cause you be the only friend I get leave , and you be the only man I can trust . cobb let stump go , relax he grip and -- stump rage back outside into the rain . cobb stay dry in the doorway of the mausoleum . ( continued ) 122 . 147 continued : 147 stump I do not want to be you friend ! I do not want to feel sorry for you ! so you mother 's lover blow you father 's head off ! I do not care . you be a prick before it happen , you be a prick after it happen , you have be a prick ever since , and you be a prick now ! cobb quietly take a hit on he flask from the doorway of the mausoleum , watch stump rant and rave in the rain . cobb Public relation be overrate . stump what the hell be you talk about ? cobb hold out he flask for stump . cobb you need a drink . stump fuck the drink ! cobb motion for the limo to pull up the slope towards they . cobb you be too angry , Al , you just gotta learn to let it out . stump stand in the rain scream at cobb who stand out of the rain , calm , center , drink , die . stump I be gonna tell the truth about you , cobb ! I be gonna tell the world you hate woman , Jews , and nigger ! cobb ( calmly ) you should not use the word ' nigger ' , stumpy , it 's racist and demean . and I do not hate woman -- I be just not very good with them , which put I in the same boat with you and every other man I know . ( continued ) 123 . 147 continued : ( 2 ) 147 stump you treat people like dirt ! cobb come out into the rain toward stump . cobb the child of America need heroes , Al , you know that ... cobb take he by the arm and try to lead he to the limo . stump get you hand off I ! cobb c'mon , Al ... ( take by the arm ) you be make a fool of yourself out here . it 's not dignify ... ( helpfully ) come in out of the rain ... and cobb help stump into the limo , which pull out of the cemetery still be drench by rain . CUT to : 148 ext . jefferson davis motel - night 148 the rain be thick -- yet another motel , another neon sign , and the limo park in front of one of the cabin . 149 int . motel - night 149 both man be sit in rock chair in front of a fireplace . stump be in a bathrobe , he foot in a big pan of warm water , a bottle of booze in he hand . he look a mess . cobb be idly play with he pistol . he 's calm , introspective . cobb you be a educate man ... tell I what you think ... stump just sit there , drink . ( continued ) 124 . 149 continued : 149 cobb either my father be ... inadequate ... for my mother ... he be not the man I think he be ... not a great man ... not even a good man ... ( beat ) ... or my mother be ... trash ... a common whore ... ( beat ) it 's that simple , be not it ? stump just shrug and take another hit . cobb as a boy I stand in court next to she because suddenly I be the man of the house but as I stand there steadfastly by she side and hear the jury say ' not guilty ' I know she would be with another man the night of the kill . stump drink deeply once again . cobb a man must defend he mother at all time , be not that right , Al ? or be I a fool ? stump a man must defend he mother at all time . cobb that 's what I think ... and the two man sit there silently , rock slightly , try to stay warm , when there be -- suddenly a knock at the door -- they stare at each other . cobb put down the gun , struggle to the door and answer it . a man stand in the rain , carry a briefcase , try vainly to keep dry . man with briefcase Al stump ? cobb in here . ( continued ) 125 . 149 continued : ( 2 ) 149 cobb let the man inside -- point to stump in the chair . man with briefcase Mr. Al stump ? stump nod as he swig on the bottle . man with briefcase I have be chase you all over the country -- ( open he briefcase ) -- I be here to serve you papers . stump paper ? cobb I be afraid it 's divorce , stumpy . I know this routine . man with briefcase you be be sue for divorce . stump but my wife and I be still talk ?! cobb yeah , and what she 's say be ' fuck you . ' stump fuck I ? well fuck she . no , fuck he . stump reach for the gun and aim it at the man . stump you be not serve I no papers . the man be freeze with terror as stump rise from the chair -- drunk and craze , aim the shaky gun . man with briefcase I be just do a job . stump I love my wife . cobb we all love we wife , Al , that 's get nothing to do with it . ( continued ) 126 . 149 continued : ( 3 ) 149 man with briefcase you will find somebody else . cobb there 's a million broad out there , stumpy -- put down the gun . kablam ! stump fire at the man but the shot go wild . he 's drunk , he 's not experience with gun , he 's shaking . stump I be not go to accommodate this man , tyrus . cobb you be all mix up . give I the gun . stump you be absolutely right , tyrus , I have be accommodate people my whole life and it stop right here . ( beat ) you have kill a man . I will kill a man . kablam ! kablam ! he miss again . the man drop to he knee , begging for he life . man with briefcase no ! please , dear God ! I have a family , too ! stump do not give I that sob-sister stuff ! stump try to hold the gun with two hand , approach the man , to nearly point- blank range . cobb Al ... no ... Al ... Al ... stump look craze , a bathrobe fall open , he foot bare and wet , he hair awry from the rainstorm . he aim the gun at the man 's head , look at cobb with wild glee . ( continued ) 127 . 149 continued : ( 4 ) 149 stump life be too short to be diplomatic . a man 's friend do not care what he say or do . you be my friend , ty , right ? you be my friend ! cobb no! stump pull the trigger -- click . empty . as the man look up , realize he 's alive , stump strike he across the face with the gun , draw blood . the man scramble to he foot and race from the room , grab he briefcase , and run to the door . man with briefcase you be crazy ! no wonder she want to divorce you ! you be crazy ! and the man run into the rainy night , leave cobb and stump . stump 's head collapse in he hand -- bewildere , exhaust . the two man sit alone for several beat before stump speak . he be completely lose . stump I almost kill a man . cobb a little drunken excess ... stump no . I put a gun to a man 's head and pull the trigger . I want to kill he . cobb it 's forget already . I see nothing . nothing happen . stump yes it do . cobb Al , listen to I . ( more ) ( continued ) 128 . 149 continued : ( 5 ) 149 cobb ( cont 'd ) if I be hire to write a biography of the great sportswriter of we time -- a biography of Al stump -- would I include what happen tonight ? attorney be pig -- divorce attorney be lower than pig . what happen tonight be private . a intimacy . you own business . we own business . nobody else 's . it would not belong in a book about greatness . stump nobody 's gonna write my biography . cobb and when the brunette in the courtyard brush against you , I know what happen , Al . a warm summer breeze , the smell of jasmine , she black hair against a white blouse -- you come to life again , you get hard -- and when you see she naked it be more than you could bear ... it 's okay , Al , it 's okay ... ( beat ) the brunette be not gonna be in the book either ... stump look up at cobb but say nothing . he pick up a nearly - empty bottle off the floor and take a hit . cobb and the drink ? well , they use to say ol ' ty have a drink problem but you can booze I right under the table right now ... no problem ... and nobody 's God damn business , either ... stump raise he hand , motion cobb to stop . stump I get it ... I get it ... a moment . a look . cobb then get some sleep . you look pathetic . ( continued ) 129 . 149 continued : ( 6 ) 149 stump crawl on the bed toward the pillow with the stupid grace of a drunk look for a key under the mat . cobb help stump lie down , pull a blanket over he . stump roll over to go to sleep , cobb tuck the blanket around he , and pick up the bottle from the pillow . cobb take a last hit of the bottle -- finish it off . he throw it to the ground , and look around the room for another . cobb be Pov - stump' suitcase lie open on a chair . a nearly - full bottle of scotch be visible . back to scene he make it to the bottle -- steady himself -- he 's ex - haust . he take a deep swig from the scotch . several deep gulp , enough to kill a horse , but it only help he steady himself . and he see something in the suitcase -- he look down at -- cobb be Pov - cardboard BOX which stump have be fill with he secret manuscript . back to scene cobb open the box and pull out a paper . he read it . he look at stump , and -- cobb take the box and the bottle to the chair by the fireplace , where he sit down , put on he read glass , and start read " the real story . " close on cobb he read page one slowly and carefully , then start mov - ing through the box full of odd size of paper , hotel stationery , cocktail napkin , legal pad , all handwritten in secret . he keep glance up at the bed where stump be in the deep stupor of sleep . ( continued ) 130 . 149 continued : ( 7 ) 149 cobb ( read to himself ) ... ' vicious , pathological , bubbling with violence ... cobb 's demon be not merely exorcize on the baseball field ... they spill over into all part of he miserable life ...' dissolve to : 150 series of image ( b&amp ; W ) 150 from the text -- from cobb 's real life . a ) cobb sharpen he spike with a file . B ) cobb steal second base and slide spike high , draw blood . C ) cobb drive a fancy car with a pretty woman at he side . D ) cobb beat a man to death in a alley . E ) cobb onstage with a stripper at a smoker . F ) cobb strike he wife and knock she to the ground . G ) cobb firing a gun at stump in the hunt lodge . h ) cobb and stump be turn away from the party by hornsby . I ) cobb 's father be blow away by the shotgun . J ) cobb on third be boo -- more trash on the field . Police restrain the crowd . cobb stand defiantly , wave the crowd away in a menace gesture , fearlessly . the sound of derisive boo build to a crescendo , and then ... dissolve to : 151 int . motel room - night 151 cobb 's eye flare -- he 's in a rage . ( continued ) 131 . 151 continued : 151 he rise from the chair , he adrenaline have momentarily overwhelm he system and he move as a young man . cobb pick up the pistol and reload it . cobb march resolutely to the bed . cobb aim the load gun at stump 's sleep head . close on stump oblivious in a drunken sleep . close on cobb rage be in he eye . he cock the gun . close on cobb he 's cry . he shake he head . cobb you do not have a point of view , stumpy , you be not worth kill ... cobb put the gun into he own mouth -- he clear he throat , as if to make room for the gun barrel . he gag slightly and close he eye , he think for the last time . close on he face something 's not right . cobb remove the gun momentarily and look at it . he see that the gun barrel be cover with blood . cobb dear God ... 152 cobb 152 rush into the bathroom and face the mirror . blood gush from he mouth as he cough again . ( continued ) 132 . 152 continued : 152 close on cobb as he stare into the mirror . cobb no ... no ... no ... this can not be ... absolutely not ... this be not right ... cobb cough again -- more blood cover he chin . he touch he chin , touch the blood , smear it around a little , look at he hand now cover with blood . cobb ( terrify ) stumpy ?! no ... cobb move around the tiny bathroom like a cage animal . he fall to he knee in prayer in front of the sink . cobb we Father , which art in heaven , hallow by thy name . thy kingdom come , thy will be do , on Earth as it be in heaven . give we this day we daily bread , and forgive we we trespasp , as we forgive -- ( beat ) aw , fuck it ... little late for that sob sister stuff ... cobb rise to he foot and look in the mirror again . he grab a hand towel and daub he face with it . a bit more blood trickle from he mouth . and gradually a deep calm seem to settle over he . cobb ... so this be what it feel like ... 153 cobb 153 return to the bedroom and sit down on the edge of the bed , next to stump who continue he deep , drunken sleep . cobb pick up the phone and dial as he continue mop he chin with the towel . he speak with great calm . ( continued ) 133. 153 continued : 153 cobb ( on phone ) can you get I the emory Hospital ? ( couple beat ) hello , ma'am ? this be ty cobb . can you please prepare you finest room for I ? tomorrow morning would be fine . cobb hang up and lean back on the bed next to stump who be still deep in drunken sleep . one man sleep deeply , the other just sit there . dissolve to : 154 ext . jefferson davis motel - early next morning 154 the limousine pull away from the motel . the rain have stop . 155 int . motel - early morning 155 stump roll over -- the hangover be brutal . he look worse than we have ever see he . he reach for the bottle . empty . stump ty. ( off no answer ) tyrus. ( off no answer ) Peach ... stump struggle to he elbow to find cobb . stump' Pov - cobb' bed be empty and still neatly make . back to scene stump sit up with a start . he be suddenly , by circum - stance , awake and alert , though he look like hell . he 's also alarmed -- something be wrong . stump ty! stump leap out of bed and look around . ( continued ) 134 . 155 continued : 155 stump' Pov Three hole of break plaster and mirror . stump ( o.s. ) God ... back to scene he rush to the fireplace where only ember now glow . he see something -- stump' Pov the " real " manuscript scattered around the floor near the chair . nearby , the bathroom door be open . stump hurry into the bathroom and stop cold . blood be on the sink and on the towel . a note be on the mirror . he pull the note down and read it . cobb ( v.o. ) ' dear alimony , you lie s.o.b. -- I be check myself into the hospital . I think the end be near . you pal , ty. ' close on stump deeply alarmed . CUT to : 156 ext . emory state hospital - day 156 a cab pull up -- stump get out . he 's clean up now , shave , dress neatly . he enter . CUT to : 157 int . emory state hospital - day 157 stump go up to a reception desk and introduce himself . stump I be here to see ... ( continued ) 135 . 157 continued : 157 a crashing noise and shouting erupt from down the hall . a tray of food be throw out into the hall . cobb ( o.s. ) get the hell outta here ! you call this a hospital ?! you call this food ?! you know who I be ?! stump ... Mr. cobb . receptionist be careful . he 's get a gun and we have not be able to get it away from he . stump I know , I know ... stump hurry down the hall to the source of the noise . a small group of doctor , orderly and nurse be gather outside cobb 's door , afraid to enter . also there be two civilian in business suit . nurse # 1 he do not want visitor . stump ignore the advice and enter the room . CUT to : 158 int . cobb' hospital room - day 158 cobb sit in bed -- his gun and he money be next to he . he 's give order , ranting and rave in a classic cobb rage . a bottle hang from a pole , feed he arm . a doctor and two nurse be present , try to deal with he . cobb hey , stumpy , where you be ? you can not believe the shit they call food in this joint . you get some sleep ? good . I have quite a read last night ... a nurse enter warily , but determine , with a small sy - ringe . ( continued ) 136 . 158 continued : 158 nurse # 1 Excuse I , sir , but I need to draw some more blood . cobb put a bucket under my chin and I will cough up a couple pint for ya . nurse # 1 I have to do it this way . cobb well do not poke around too long . he hold out he arm for she . she begin draw blood . cobb she 's a nice piece of ass , eh , stumpy ? ( to nurse ) you come back later and climb on the big fella ? nurse # 1 it 's against regulation , sir . stump so you read the book . cobb yeah , God damn it , I think I could trust you -- I use to be able to figure out people better . stump that book be the truth . cobb you be a God damn romantic ! the truth be a whore ! just like you and just like my mother ! another nurse enter and announce . nurse # 2 a Mr. Barton be here to see you . he say he 's the chairman of the board of coca cola . cobb tell the son of a bitch to go downstairs and have a pepsi -- I get no time for business . ( continued ) 137 . 158 continued : ( 2 ) 158 nurse # 1 tape cobb 's arm and escape with the blood sample . a young doctor enter , also warily . young doctor I need to take you blood pressure , sir . cobb it 's high . what else you need to know ? young doctor I have to do it . the Young doctor wrap cobb 's arm with the device and begin pump . another older doctor enter and address cobb head on . older doctor Mr. cobb . we can not allow you to have a gun in here . cobb pick up the gun and aim it at the doctor . cobb come and get it . the older Doctor turn and leave . stump enjoy the show . cobb y'know , stumpy , my oldest son be a doctor -- a hacksaw artist , that 's all they be -- ( increase rage ) he die of a brain tumor when he be forty -- have not speak to I in fifteen year ' cause I be such a rotten father -- put that in you God damn book ! the younger Doctor complete he task and slip away . cobb ( to the younger Doctor ) bad , be not it ? ( continued ) 138. 158 continued : ( 3 ) 158 stump I do not know which version of you life I be go to publish . I really do not . cobb there ya go again ! accommodate I and you do not have to ! I die faster than you could write ! cobb wave he gun just as some more doctor enter . cobb get the hell outta here ! everybody but stumpy ! out ! the room clear -- leave only cobb and stump . cobb you fool I , stumpy , nobody ever fool I but you pull it off ! I think we be pal ! stump I do not know what I be get into with this job . cobb quit explain yourself ! stand by you conviction ! you beat the great ty cobb ! I respect that ! but if you print it -- print it all ! ( beat ) my second son weigh 300 pound and he die of a heart attack in the arm of a hooker in paso robles . my other son I lose all track of and my two daughter will not speak to I and my two ex - wife will not and my siter you know will not ! print it all ! ( beat ) and ty cobb can not get it up anymore ! print that too ! stump it 's all ... confusing ... ( continued ) 139 . 158 continued : ( 4 ) 158 cobb it 's not ! it 's simple ! you win ! tell the world that the great ballplayer who ever live be also the biggest bastard ! who care now ?! I give you permission and my bless ! from here on it 's you story ! stump nod and pull a pint of whiskey from he coat pocket . he go up to cobb and tuck the whiskey under the blanket . stump here 's a little something might help . cobb nod in appreciation . cobb where 's my money ? stump right here , Peach ... next to you gun . cobb grab stump 's hand for one last word . cobb stumpy , there 's nothing wrong with want glory . ( beat ) now get the hell outta here . stump place cobb 's hand on he money , nod , and -- stump leave the room without look back at -- cobb in bed with a gun -- in the last stage of life , he health in total collapse , he be in complete control . CUT to : 159 int . hospital hallway - day 159 doctor , nurse , orderly , man in suit -- all be wait nervously outside the door as stump emerge . ( continued ) 140 . 159 continued : 159 older doctor what about the gun ? do you get it ? stump naw , I do not get the gun ... and stump leave the hospital , pass the Coke executive . as he do he look back over he shoulder to see : Pov shot - doctor , ET al. rush back into cobb 's room . and -- the sound of crashing , broken glass , and cobb be thunderous voice . stump smile slightly and walk away . CUT to : 160 ext . " welcome to royston " sign - edge of town - day 160 a teenage boy re-paint the fade sign that read " Home of ty cobb " . the luster return to the old sign . stump ( v.o. ) I give a few buck to a local kid to re-paint the sign , and disappear for a while to finish the manuscript ... ( beat ) and wait for cobb to die ... ( beat ) and while I wait , Ernest hemingway blow he brain out , getty buy honolulu oil company , and the brunette in the courtyard run away with a handsome young lawyer ... close on sign as cobb 's image round third reappear in all its former glory . ( continued ) 141 . 160 continued : 160 stump ( v.o. ) and on July 17 , 1961 ... ty cobb die quietly in he sleep . I do not believe it be quiet , nothing he do be quiet , but that 's what the newspaper writer say who write the lead and we all know that writer never lie ... pan over across the sign -- to the adjacent cemetery as -- a hearse enter the cemetery grounds follow by three car . a very humble ceremony . and the voice of a country gospel singer can be hear . country gospel ( v.o. ) ' there be a fountain fill with blood , drawn from emmanuel 's vein ...' CUT to : 161 ext . cemetery - day 161 the mausoleum -- the coffin sit by the open crypt . stump ( v.o. ) somebody hire a singer ... country gospel singer ( v.o. ) ' and sinner plunge beneath that flood , lose all they guilty stain ... ' stump ( v.o. ) ... but it be the grimmest damn funeral service I would ever see . stump stand in the distance , at the back of the cemetery , watch the simple , empty service . stump ( v.o. ) he leave all he money to he family , though no member of it manage to attend the funeral , and with the rest he found a hospital in he own name and a educational trust fund for poor Georgia child . ( continued ) 142. 161 continued : 161 Pov shot - three old men in dark suit drop flower on the coffin . stump ( v.o. ) only three ballplayer attend the service -- three oldtimer who he would be support financially for many year , a fact he do not want make public . Pov shot - school bus pull in and unload -- dozen of Little leaguer in uniform join in the service . stump ( v.o. ) somebody round up some Little leaguer , probably so the press photographer would have some sob sister photo ... the sort cobb hate ... except the press do not bother come . ( beat ) I will give he this -- the family be under one roof again . back to scene stump turn and slip quietly out of the cemetery . stump ( v.o. ) I call my publisher . the book be ready . only I do not know which one to turn in . dissolve to : 162 ext . sportsman' lounge - late afternoon 162 the regular be still there , still drink , still gripe . bill ... so a woman go into a bar with a duck under she arm , sit down next to a drunk who look up and say , ' where would you find that pig ? ' a ' the woman say ' that 's no pig , that 's a duck . ' ( more ) ( continued ) 143. 162 continued : 162 bill ( cont 'd ) a ' the drunk say , ' I know , I be talk to the duck . ' bore laughter and another hit on they everpresent drink . and stump enter for the first time in nearly a year . bill Al ! stump enter comfortably , happy to see he croney at last . Frank and the other come over from the bar , quickly gather around stump . frank Stranger ! another round on I ! stump settles in at the table . cronies Long time no see , etc ... stump good to see you guy ... how 's it goin ' ? Alan , how 's that novel come ? must be about do by now ? mud uh , actually , I have not start it yet ... be kinda busy ... bill we all be busy ... stump yeah , I know how it be ... frank we read that cobb die . stump yeah ... finally give up the ghost . frank so ? what be he like ? mud be the storey true or be they exaggerated ? ( continued ) 144 . 162 continued : ( 2 ) 162 the drink arrive . stump play with he , swirl the drink around the ice with he finger , consider he answer . reynaldo tell we the truth , man , be he a monster ? bill or be he just one of the guy ? stump look at the face of he buddy , eagerly await he judgement as if it be final wisdom . he stir he drink . stump the truth ? cronies ohyeah , the absolute truth , no bullshit , give it to we straight , etc ... stump the truth ? stump take a drink and look he friend in the eye . stump a prince and a great man have fall . murmur of deep satisfaction from the cronies . affirmation . cronies yes , awright , we know it ... etc ... bill helluva guy , eh ? stump a helluva guy , a great man , a misunderstand artist , a fierce competitor but a sweet man at heart ... a gentle soul ... as stump start lie to he enrapture audience , we pull back and up , go from the intimate center of the table to a cool distance , and -- dissolve to : 145 . 163 ext . dirt ballfield in georgia - dusk 163 some kid play baseball with a tape - up ball , patch up bat , no uniform , rock for basis . the right way . stump ( v.o. ) I publish the lie and put the truth in a closet ... pan over to the royston Cemetery in b.g. mausoleum nearby , two hole in the earth have be open up and the casket of cobb 's mother and father be be move into the mausoleum . stump ( v.o. ) cobb and he father and mother be together at last ... ( beat ) the man have some deep , unexpress sorrow that I could never know . I embrace he and I hate he ... ( beat ) and I know I would never write a novel , unless you consider ' cobb ' a work of fiction -- which I do not . dissolve to : 164 ext . TIGER stadium ( detroit ) - dusk 164 stump walk from the dugout to the field . he stare up at the magnificent old structure , the overhange right field facade , the great upper deck , almost a century of baseball have be play there . cobb 's palace . stump ( v.o. ) my friend be thrilled to hear that the Georgia Peach be a helluva guy -- it excuse they own failure -- if cobb be okay , then by God , they be okay ... ( beat ) but finally I do not lie for they , or the child of America , or somesuch hogwash -- finally I lie for myself . ( beat ) I need cobb to be somebody he be not . I need he to be a hero . it be my weakness . ( continued ) 146 . 164 continued : 164 stump turn to walk off the field . stump ( v.o. ) the book be a moderate success ... the empty stadium , cavernous , half cathedral , half factory ... fritz kreisler 's violin music that cobb adore drift up . dissolve to : 165 shot of cobb in action ( b&amp ; W ) 165 his demon fury give way to the fierce joy of he play - ing . he slashes a ball up the alley , turn first and never hesitates at second , and as the relay come into third -- cobb slide with spike high and a cloud of dust . freeze frame . fade out . the end