coco original story by Lee unkrich , Jason katz , Matthew Aldrich &amp ; adrian molina screenplay by adrian molina &amp ; Matthew Aldrich 1. ext . marigold path - dusk a path of marigold petal lead up to a altar lovingly arrange in a humble cemetery . a old woman light a candle as the smoke of burn copal wood dance lyrically upward ... card : disney present card : a pixar animation studio film the smoke lift up toward line of papel picado ­- cut paper banner -- that sway gently in the breeze . papel picado card : " coco " miguel ( v.o . ) sometimes I think I be curse ... ' cause of something that happen before I be even bear . a story begin to play out on the papel picado . miguel ( v.o . ) see , a long time ago there be this family . the image on the papel picado come to life to illustrate a father , a mother , and a little girl . the family be happy . miguel ( v.o . ) the papá , he be a musician . the papá play guitar while the mother dance with she daughter . miguel ( v.o . ) he and he family would sing , and dance , and count they blessing ... ( beat ) but he also have a dream ... to play for the world . ( beat ) and one day he leave with he guitar ... and never return . the man walk down a road , guitar sling on he back . in another vignette he daughter stand in the doorway , watch she papá leave . two foot step up next to she . it be she mamá , harden . she shut the door . 2 . miguel ( v.o . ) and the mamá ...? she do not have time to cry over that walkaway musician ! ( beat ) after banish all music from she life ... the woman get rid of all of she husband 's instrument and record . miguel ( v.o . ) she find a way to provide for she daughter ... ( beat ) she roll up she sleeve and she learn to make shoe . ( beat ) she could have make candy ! amongst the papel picado , a stick swing at a strung up piñata which burst with candy ... miguel ( v.o . ) or firework ! firework go off in the background ... miguel ( v.o . ) or sparkly underwear for wrestler ! sparkly underwear and a luchador mask hang on a line amongst other linen ... miguel ( v.o . ) but no ... she choose shoe ... on the papel picado , the little girl become a young woman . miguel ( v.o . ) then she teach she daughter to make shoe . and later , she teach she son-in- law . she introduce a suitor to the family business . miguel ( v.o . ) then she grandkid get roped in . as she family grow , so do the business . in the next vignette , a bunch of goofy grandchild join in the shoemake . the shoe shop be full of family ! 3. miguel ( v.o . ) Music have tear she family apart , but shoe hold they all together . ( beat ) you see , that woman be my great - great grandmother , mamá imelda . tilt down from the papel picado to the ofrenda room - day where a photo sit at the top of a beautiful altar . the photo feature mamá imelda -- serious , formidable . she hold a baby on she lap . her husband stand beside she , but he face have be tear away . miguel ( v.o . ) she die way before I be bear . but my family still tell she story every year on día de los muertos -- the Day of the Dead ... ( beat ) and she little girl ? fade from the face of the little girl to present day mamá coco ( 97 ) , a live raisin , convalesc in a wicker wheelchair . miguel ( v.o . ) she 's my great grandmother , mamá Coco . a boy ( 12 ) walk into frame and kiss she on the cheek . this be we narrator , miguel . miguel holá , mamá Coco . mamá coco how be you , julio ? miguel ( v.o . ) actually , my name be miguel . mamá Coco have trouble remember thing ... but it 's good to talk to she anyway . so I tell she pretty much everything . quick cut of miguel with mamá Coco : 4. ext . courtyard miguel I use to run like this ... miguel pump he arm with he hand in fist . then he switch to flat palm . miguel but now I run like this which be way faster ! CUT to : int . mamá coco's room miguel , in a luchador mask , climb onto the bed , arm raise . miguel and the winner be ... luchadora Coco ! miguel leap off the bed onto a pile of pillow that burst , send feather onto mamá Coco who wear a mask of she own . CUT to : ext . dine area miguel lean toward mamá Coco at the dinner table . miguel I have a dimple on this side , but not on this side . dimple . no dimple . dimple . no dimple -- abuelita miguel ! eat you food . miguel 's abuelita ( 70 ) run the table like a ship captain . she give mamá Coco a kiss on the head . miguel ( v.o . ) my abuelita ? she 's mamá Coco 's daughter . abuelita pile extra tamale on miguel 's plate . abuelita aw , you be a twig , mijo . have some more . 5 . miguel no , gracias . abuelita I ask if you would like more tamale . miguel s-sí ? abuelita that 's what I thought you say . miguel ( v.o . ) abuelita run we house just like mamá imelda do . CUT to : int . ofrenda room - day abuelita adjust the photo of she beloved mamá imelda . then she perk she ear at a hoot sound . int . kitchen - moment later miguel idly blow into a glass soda bottle . abuelita take the bottle away . abuelita no music ! int . mamá coco's room - day miguel listen as a truck drive by the window , blaring radio tune . abuelita angrily slam the window shut . abuelita no music !! ext . STREET - evening a trio of gentleman serenade each other as they stroll by the family compound . musician ( sing ) aunque LA vida -- 6 . abuelita burst out of the gate and chase they away . abuelita no music !!! terrify , the musician stumble as they run away . miguel ( v.o ) I think we be the only family in méxico who hate music ... int . rivera workshop - day we see the rivera family tinkering in the shoe shop , no music to be hear . miguel jog past they . miguel ( v.o . ) and my family 's fine with that ... he grab he shine box , and head out of the shoe shop . miguel ( v.o . ) but I ? mamá be back by lunch , mijo ! miguel Love you , mamá ! once outside , miguel make he way through the small town of santa cecilia - morning miguel ( v.o . ) I be not like the rest of my family ... he pass a woman sweeping a stoop . woman hola , miguel ! miguel hola ! he pass a band of musician play a tune . miguel join with some air guitar and the further down the street he go , the more instrument and sound layer in . the bell of the church chime in harmony , a radio blare a cumbia rhythm . 7. running past a food stand , miguel grab a roll of pan dulce and toss the vendor a coin . miguel muchas gracias ! STREET vendor De nada , miguel ! as miguel pass all this scene , the music synthesize and he can not help but tap out rhythm along a table of alebrije . the fantastical wooden animal sculpture each play a different tone like a marimba . miguel finish with a smack on a trash can , out of which a pop up a scrappy hairless xolo dog . the dog , dante , bark and jump up to lick miguel , who laugh . miguel hey , hey ! Dante ! miguel hold the pan dulce over Dante 's head . miguel sit. down . Roll over . shake . fist bump . Dante obey to the best of he ability . miguel good boy , Dante ! miguel toss the pan dulce to he furless friend who topple back into the trash can . CUT to : mariachi plaza - moment later miguel round the corner toward the town square . vendor sell sugar skull and marigold , and musician fill the square with music . miguel ( v.o ) I know I be not suppose to love music -- but it 's not my fault ! ( beat ) it 's he : ernesto de la Cruz ... miguel approach a statue of a handsome mariachi at the heart of the plaza . 8. miguel ( v.o ) ... the great musician of all time . a tour group and they tour guide be gather around the base of the statue . tour guide and right here , in this very plaza , the young ernesto de la Cruz take he first step toward become the most beloved singer in mexican history ! CUT to : clip of de la Cruz in he hay day : play as a young man in the plaza , serenade bystander in a train car ... miguel ( v.o . ) he start out a total nobody from Santa cecilia , like I . but when he play music , he make people fall in love with he . more clip from de la Cruz 's film . he leap from a tree branch onto a gallop horse . he play he signature skull guitar with flourish and flair . miguel ( v.o . ) he star in movie . he have the coolest guitar ... he could fly ! a clip feature de la Cruz dress as a hover priest , hold up by string , in front of a cycle sky flat . miguel ( v.o . ) and he write the best song ! but my all - time favorite ? it 's -- a clip of de la Cruz perform in a fancy nightclub . do LA cruz ( sing ) remember I though I have to say goodbye remember I don't let it make you cry for even if I 'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you each night we be apart remember I ( more ) 9 . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) though I have to TRAVEL far remember I each time you hear a sad guitar know that i'm with you the only way that I can be ... miguel ( v.o . ) he live the kind of life you dream about ... until 1942 ... as the audience swoon over de la Cruz , a absent - minded stagehand lean on a lever . ropes and pulley go fly . do LA cruz until you 're in my arm again remember I ! De la Cruz be subsequently crush by a giant bell . miguel ( v.o . ) when he be crush by a giant bell . CUT to : mariachi plaza - day miguel gaze up at the statue of de la Cruz in awe . miguel ( v.o ) I wanna be just like he . CUT to : ext . cemetery - moment later miguel weave up to de la Cruz 's mausoleum and peek in the window . he catch a glimpse of de la Cruz 's signature skull guitar . miguel ( v.o . ) sometimes , I look at de la Cruz and I get this feel ... like we be connect somehow . like , if he could play music , maybe someday I could too ... 10 . ext . mariachi plaza - day miguel ( cont 'd ) ... if it be not for my family . plaza mariachi ( playful ) ay , ay , ay , muchacho . miguel huh ? plaza mariachi I ask for a shoe shine , not you life story . miguel come out of he reverie and look up at the plaza mariachi whose shoe he be shine . miguel oh , yeah , sorry . he go back to scrubbing the man 's shoe . as miguel shine , the mariachi pluck he guitar idly . miguel I just can not really talk about any of this at home so ... plaza mariachi look , if I be you I would march right up to my family and say , " hey ! I be a musician . deal with it ! " miguel I could never say that ... plaza mariachi you be a musician , no ? miguel I do not know . I mean ... I only really play for myself -- plaza mariachi do de la Cruz become the world 's best musician by hide he sweet , sweet skill ? no ! he walk out onto that plaza and he play out loud ! 11 . the mariachi get a idea . he point to the gazebo where organizer be set up for a show . they unfurl a canvas poster which read " talent show . " plaza mariachi ( cont 'd ) ah , mira , mira ! they be set up for tonight . the music competition for día de muertos . you wanna be like you hero ? you should sign up ! miguel uh-uh , my family would freak ! plaza mariachi look , if you be too scared , then , well ... have fun make shoe . miguel consider this . plaza mariachi ( cont 'd ) c'mon . what do de la Cruz always say ? miguel ... seize you moment ? the mariachi appraise miguel , then offer he guitar . plaza mariachi show I what you get , muchacho . I will be you first audience . miguel 's brow rise , surprised . he reach to take the instrument , regard it as if hold a holy relic . miguel spread he finger across the string anticipate he chord and ... abuelita ( o.s. ) miguel ! startle , miguel impulsively throw the guitar back onto the mariachi 's lap . he turn to see abuelita march toward he . miguel 's tío berto ( 40s ) and prima rosa ( 16 ) , follow with supplies from the market . miguel abuelita ! abuelita what be you do here ? 12 . miguel um ...uh ... miguel quickly pack away he shine rag and polish . abuelita barrel up to the mariachi . she hit he hat with she shoe and wave he away . abuelita you leave my grandson alone ! plaza mariachi doña , please -- I be just get a shine ! abuelita I know you trick , mariachi ! ( to miguel ) what do he say to you ? miguel he be just show I he guitar ... gasp from the family . tío berto shame on you ! abuelita lord over the mariachi , shoe aim directly between he eye . abuelita my grandson be a sweet little angelito querido cielito -- he want no part of you music , mariachi ! you keep away from he ! the mariachi scramble away , snatching he hat off the ground before he go . abuelita hug miguel protectively to she bosom . abuelita ay , pobrecito ! esth bien , mijo ? she pepper he with kiss then release he from the embrace . he gasp for air . abuelita ( distress ) you know better than to be here in this place ! you will come home . now . 13 . abuelita turn toward home . miguel sigh and gather he shine box . then , see a flyer for the plaza " talent show " , he can not help but pocket it . he follow abuelita . ext . STREET - moment later miguel catch up to he family . tío berto how many time have we tell you -- that plaza be crawl with mariachis ! miguel yes , tío berto . Dante amble up to miguel , sniff and whining for a treat . miguel no , no , no ! abuelita shoos he away . abuelita go away , you ! go ! Dante dart off , scared . miguel it 's just Dante ... abuelita throw she shoe at the dog . abuelita never name a street dog . they will follow you forever . ( beat ) now , go get my shoe . CUT to : int . rivera workshop the rivera workshop be abuzz with family make shoe . whomp ! miguel be plopped onto a stool , ready for a lecture . abuelita I find you son in mariachi Plaza ! papá ( disappointed ) miguel ... 14 . mamá you know how abuelita feel about the plaza . miguel I be just shine shoe ! tío berto a musician 's shoe ! gasp from the family . primo abel ( 19 ) be so shocked he lose he grip on the shoe he be polish , which zip away from the polisher and lodge itself in the roof . miguel but the plaza 's where all the foot traffic be . papá if abuelita say no more plaza , then no more plaza . miguel ( blurt ) but what about tonight ? papá franco what 's tonight ? miguel well they be have this talent show - abuelita perk she ear , suspicious . miguel squirm , decide whether to go on . miguel and I think I might ... mamá look at miguel , curious . mamá ... sign up ? miguel well , maybe ? prima rosa ( laugh ) you have to have talent to be in a talent show . 15 . primo abel what be you go to do , shine shoe ? the shoe from the ceiling fall back down on abel 's head . abuelita it 's día de los muertos -- no one 's go anywhere . tonight be about family . she deposit a pile of marigold in miguel 's arm . abuelita ofrenda room . vámonos . CUT to : int . ofrenda room - moment later miguel follow he abuelita to the family ofrenda , hold the pile of flower as she arrange they on the altar . abuelita do not give I that look . día de los muertos be the one night of the year we ancestor can come visit we . ( beat ) we have put they photo on the ofrenda so they spirit can cross over . that be very important ! if we do not put they up , they can not come ! ( beat ) we make all this food -- set out the thing they love in life , mijo . all this work to bring the family together . I do not want you sneaking off to who -know - where . she look up to find miguel sneaking away . abuelita ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? miguel I think we be do ... 16 . abuelita ay , dios mío ... be part of this family mean be here for this family ... I do not want to see you end up like -- abuelita look up to the photo of the faceless musician . miguel like mamá Coco 's papá ? abuelita never mention that man ! he 's better off forget . miguel but you be the one who -- abuelita ta , to , ta-tch ! miguel I be just -- abuelita tch-tch ! miguel but -- abuelita tch ! miguel I -- abuelita tch-tch ! mamá coco papá ? they look to find mamá Coco agitate . mamá coco ( cont 'd ) papá be home ...? abuelita mamá , cálmese , cálmese . mamá coco papá be come home ? 17 . abuelita no mamá . it 's okay , I be here . mamá Coco look up at abuelita . mamá coco who be you ? sadness rise in abuelita ; she swallow it down . abuelita Rest , mamá . abuelita return to the ofrenda . abuelita ( cont 'd ) I be hard on you because I care , miguel . ( beat ) miguel ... miguel ? she look around the room . miguel be nowhere to be find . abuelita step up to the ofrenda . abuelita ( cont 'd ) ( sigh ) what be we go to do with that boy ...? she look to the photo of mamá imelda . abuelita 's eye brighten with a idea . abuelita ( cont 'd ) you be right . that 's just what he need ! CUT to : ext . side STREET tío berto unload roll of leather from a truckbed . nearby , Dante sleep under the shade of a tree . he startles awake by a faint twanging . the dog scramble up to the roof . he reach a shoe sign advertising the rivera family business and lift it up . int . rooftop hideout Dante poke he head in . miguel turn and gasp . 18 . miguel oh , it 's you . get in here , c'mon , Dante . hurry up . Dante wriggle into the hideout . miguel be huddle over something . the dog peek around he shoulder . miguel ( cont 'd ) you be gonna get I in trouble , boy . someone could hear I ! miguel reveal a makeshift guitar , cobble together from a beat up old soundboard and random other item . he take a china marker and sketches a nose on what appear to be he own version of a skull guitar head . miguel ( cont 'd ) I wish someone want to hear I ... miguel tune the guitar . miguel ( cont 'd ) other than you ... Dante give miguel a big sloppy lick . miguel give a gross - out chuckle . he lift he guitar and strum . miguel ( cont 'd ) perfecto ! he crawl to the far side of the attic where he 's build he own ofrenda to ernesto de la Cruz . poster , candle , and songbook be arrange with care . miguel light the candle with reverence , illuminate a album cover of de la Cruz hold he skull guitar . miguel compare the head of he guitar to the album cover . then he imitate de la Cruz 's pose and smile . he switch on a beat up old tv and push a tape into the vcr , " best of de la Cruz " scrawle on the spine . a montage of the great moment from de la Cruz 's film play out . a clip from " a quien yo amo : " do LA cruz ( film clip ) I have to sing . I have to play . the music , it 's -- it 's not just in I . it be I . 19 . miguel strum he guitar as de la Cruz impart he wisdom . more clip run in the background as miguel play : do LA cruz ( film clip ) when life get I down , I play my guitar . in a clip from " a quien yo amo : " do LA cruz ( film clip ) the rest of the world may follow the rule , but I must follow my heart ! De la Cruz kiss a woman passionately . miguel cringe . another clip from " a quien yo amo : " do LA cruz ( film clip ) you know that feel ? like there 's a song in the air and it 's play just for you ... as miguel watch de la Cruz play guitar in the video , he repeat the melody on he own guitar . do LA cruz ( film clip ) ( sing ) a feeling so close you could reach out and touch it I never know I could want something so much but it's true ... as a good - nature priest in " nuestra iglesia : " do LA cruz ( film clip ) you must have faith , sister . nun ( film clip ) oh but padre , he will never listen . do LA cruz ( film clip ) he will listen ... to music ! ( sing ) only a song only a song have the power to change a heart ... miguel lose himself in the music . 20 . do LA cruz ( film clip ) never underestimate the power of music ... miguel 's tune intertwine with the melody on the tv set . the clip jump forward : lola ( film clip ) but my father , he will never give he permission . do LA cruz ( film clip ) I be do ask permission . when you see you moment you must not let it pass you by , you must seize it ! the tape end with a interview clip . interviewer ( film clip ) señor de la Cruz , what do it take for you to seize you moment ? do LA cruz ( film clip ) I have to have faith in my dream . no one be go to hand it to I . it be up to I to reach for that dream , grab it tight , and make it come true . miguel ... and make it come true . the tape end . the word sink into miguel . he reach for the flyer for the plaza " talent show . " miguel no more hide , Dante . I gotta seize my moment ! Dante wag he tail , panting happily . miguel ( cont 'd ) I be gonna play in mariachi Plaza if it kill I ! CUT to : ext . rivera compound - sunset Children run by with sparkler as abuelita open the door to the family compound . 21 . abuelita día de los muertos have begin ! in the courtyard , two toddler cousins haphazardly scatter marigold petal from they basket . mamá no , no , no , no , no . mamá correct they , create a path from the ofrenda room to the front gate . mamá ( cont 'd ) we have to make a clear path . the petal guide we ancestor home . we do not want they spirit to get lose . we want they to come , and enjoy all the food and drink on the ofrenda , sí ? as mamá teach , miguel and Dante sneak across the roof and drop to the sidewalk outside the compound , miguel clutching he guitar . suddenly tío berto and papá round the corner carry a small table from storage . papá mamá , where should we put this table ? miguel and Dante back up to avoid the adult , only to find abuelita sweeping the sidewalk behind they ! miguel and Dante jump into the back into the rivera courtyard before she see they . abuelita in the courtyard , mijo . papá you want it down by the kitchen ? abuelita sí. next to the other one . int . ofrenda room miguel back out of the courtyard and into the family ofrenda room . nearly cornere , he usher Dante past a sleep mamá Coco . he stashes the dog and the guitar under the ofrenda table . 22 . miguel get under , get under ! abuelita ( o.s. ) miguel ! miguel straighten up to notice the doorway of the ofrenda room darken by three figure . miguel nothing ! his abuelita and parent stare straight at he . a pit grow in he stomach ; he 's be catch . miguel ( cont 'd ) mamá -- papá , I - - papá lift he finger to silence he son . papá miguel ... ( beat ) you abuelita have the most wonderful idea ! ( beat ) we have all decide -- it 's time you join we in the workshop ! abuelita hand papá a leather apron , which he hang over miguel 's shoulder . miguel what ?! papá no more shine shoe -- you will be make they ! every day after school ! abuelita shuffles toward miguel squealing . she squeeze he cheek , full of pride . abuelita we migueli-ti-ti-ti-to carry on the family tradition ! and on día de los muertos ! you ancestor will be so proud ! she gesture to the shoe adorn the ofrenda . 23 . abuelita ( cont 'd ) you will craft huarach just like you tía Victoria . papá and wingtip , like you papá julio -- miguel cross away from the ofrenda . miguel but what if I be no good at make shoe ? papá ah , migue ... you have you family here to guide you ... ( beat ) you be a rivera . and a rivera be ...? miguel ... a shoemaker . through and through . papá swell . papá that 's my boy ! ( call out ) berto , break out the good stuff , I wanna make a toast ! papá head out of the room , mamá follow . last be abuelita , who smother miguel with ton of kiss as she leave . with the family go , miguel deflate . suddenly , a noise come from the ofrenda . miguel turn to find Dante on the bottom tier , lick a plate of mole to he heart 's content . miguel be horrify ! miguel Dante ! no , Dante , stop ! miguel pull the dog away from the ofrenda , but the table shake . the frame with mamá imelda 's photo sway back and forth , then topple to the ground with a sicken crack . miguel ( cont 'd ) no , no , no , no , no ! no ... miguel pick up the old photo of mamá imelda , which unfold to reveal another portion , hide all this year ; 24 . the man with no face be reveal to be hold a familiar skull - head guitar . miguel De la Cruz 's guitar ...? mamá coco papá ? miguel turn , startle . mamá Coco point a crooked finger at the picture in he hand . mamá coco ( cont 'd ) papá ? miguel 's eye go wide as the connection dawns on he . could it possibly be true ? miguel mamá Coco , be you papá ... ernesto de la Cruz ? mamá coco papá ! papá! CUT to : int . rooftop hideout miguel go to he secret ofrenda , to the record album of ernesto de la Cruz . he compare the guitar in the family photo with the guitar on the sleeve . a exact match ! miguel ha , ha ! ext . rooftop miguel run to the edge of the roof , overlook the courtyard , photo in one hand , guitar in the other . miguel papá ! papá! his parent stop , look up at miguel . miguel ( cont 'd ) it 's he ! I know who my great - great grandfather be ! 25 . mamá miguel ! get down from there ! miguel mamá Coco 's father be ernesto de la Cruz ! papá what be you talk about ? miguel whip off he shoemaker 's apron , strike a pose with the guitar . miguel I be gonna be a musician ! CUT to : ext . courtyard - early evening miguel 's guitar be cast at he foot , along with he de la Cruz album . the whole family encircle the boy . abuelita what be all this ? you keep secret from you own family ? tío berto it 's all that time he spend in the plaza ... tía gloria ... fill he head with crazy fantasy ! miguel it 's not a fantasy ! miguel hand papá the photo and point to the skull guitar . miguel ( cont 'd ) that man be ernesto de la Cruz ! the great musician of all time ! papá we have never know anything about this man . but whoever he be , he still abandon he family . this be no future for my son . 26 . miguel but papá , you say my family would guide I ! well de la Cruz be my family ! I be suppose to play music ! abuelita never ! that man 's music be a curse ! I will not allow it ! miguel if you would just let -- mamá ( warning ) miguel -- papá you will listen to you family . no more music . miguel just listen to I play -- papá end of argument . miguel lift he guitar to play when abuelita snatch the instrument away . she point to the man in the photo . abuelita you want to end up like that man ? forgotten ? Left off you family 's ofrenda ?! miguel I do not care if I be on some stupid ofrenda ! gasp from the family . abuelita 's brow harden . she lift the guitar in the air . miguel no ! papá mamá ... abuelita smashes it to bit ! abuelita there . no guitar , no music . ( soften ) ( more ) 27 . abuelita ( cont 'd ) come . you will feel better after you eat with you family . she reach out to comfort miguel , but he be hurt beyond repair . miguel I do not wanna be in this family ! he snatch the photo from papá and bolt out of the hacienda . papá miguel ! miguel ! ext . side STREET miguel burst out of the compound , desperate to get away . Dante , nose bury in a trash bag , hear miguel and chase after he . miguel run past a poster for the plaza " talent show . " ext . mariachi plaza - evening miguel approach a stage manager in the gazebo . miguel I wanna play in the plaza . like de la Cruz ! can I still sign -up ? stage manager you get a instrument ? miguel no ... but if I can borrow a guitar -- stage manager musician gotta bring they own instrument ... ( walk away ) you find a guitar , kid , I will put you on the list . miguel look distraught . moment later : miguel approach any musician he can find . 28 . miguel Excuse I , can I borrow you guitar ? musician # 1 sorry , muchacho . CUT to : miguel you guy have a spare guitar ? musician # 2 no . CUT to : miguel I need a guitar , just for a little bit -- musician # 3 get outta here , kid ! dishearten , miguel walk away . he find himself face the statue of de la Cruz . miguel great-great grandfather ... what be I suppose to do ? no answer . miguel 's gaze fall on a plaque at the base of the statue that read " seize you moment ! " miguel look at the photo in he hand . he move he thumb to reveal the skull head guitar . then , a firework illuminate the skull head guitar that the statue hold . miguel get a idea . ext . cemetery - moment later a sea of candle and flower , family gather at grave . miguel sneak through the cemetery unnotice , slip from one shadow to the next . Dante suddenly catch up to miguel . he bark excitedly . miguel no , no , no , no , no , Dante stop ! cállate ! shhh ! miguel swipe a chicken leg off a neighbor grave , and chuck it . Dante bound after the food . 29 . ext . do LA cruiz mausoleum miguel slink around the side of the tomb . he look in one of the window . Inside , the famous guitar hang above the crypt . firework pop ; burst of light glint off the instrument . it seem to beckon he . he try the window but it 's lock . more firework shoot into the sky . miguel I be sorry ... timing to the explosion , miguel throw he shoulder into the rusted - shut window pane and force it open with a scraping krrrr-lank ! he slink inside the tomb . int . do LA cruiz mausoleum miguel drop down to the mausoleum floor . the noise from outside be muffle . he climb onto the crypt , slightly move the lid . he stifles a gasp . he crawl over the marble sarcophagus and come face - to- face with the fame guitar . miguel wipe away a layer of dust , revealing the rich paint wood beneath . he look up to the portrait of de la Cruz . miguel señor de la Cruz ? please do not be mad . I be miguel , you great - great grandson ... I need to borrow this . heart in he throat , miguel lift the guitar off its mount . unbeknownst to he , some marigold petal in the mausoleum begin to sparkle . miguel ( cont 'd ) we family think music be a curse . none of they understand , but I know you would have . you would have tell I to follow my heart . to seize my moment ! he back up , in full view of the painting . miguel ( cont 'd ) so if it 's all right with you , I be gonna play in the plaza , just like you do ! 30 . confidence building , he strum it once . the air around he vibrate -- radiating like a shock wave . the petal on the ground whirl and surge with light for just a moment . miguel be visibly take aback . what just happen ? suddenly , a flashlight shine in the window of the mausoleum . voice ( o.s. ) the guitar ! it 's go ! somebody steal de la Cruz 's guitar ! the window 's break , look . miguel hear key jangling and the door unlock . a groundskeeper enter with a flashlight . groundskeeper alright , who 's in there ? startle , miguel put down the guitar . miguel I ... I be sorry ! it 's not what it look like ! De la Cruz be my ... the groundskeeper walk straight through miguel ! he do not even see he ! groundskeeper there 's nobody here ! ext . cemetery - night a panicked miguel run out , try to figure out what 's go on ! but the people in the cemetery walk through he too . suddenly he hear a familiar voice . mamá miguel ! miguel turn to see papá and mamá still search for he . miguel mamá ! papá miguel ! come home ! he reach for he parent , but go straight through they . 31 . papá where be you , miguel ?! frantic , miguel trip and fall into a open grave . a nearby woman gasp and peek over the ledge of the grave . woman dios mío ! Little boy , be you okay ? she reach into the grave . woman ( cont 'd ) here , let I help you . miguel take she hand and she pull he out . miguel thanks , I -- they see each other face to face . the woman be a skeleton ! miguel scream ! she do too ! miguel back away . he turn to see another skeleton . he fall backwards and scoot away frantically . he bump into another skeleton whose head fall off and land in miguel 's hand . skeleton head do you mind ? miguel ahhh ! skeleton head ahhh ! miguel ahhh ! miguel toss the head away from he and turn to see the whole cemetery be teeming with skeleton ! and they can all see he ! he race off and hide behind a grave . after a moment , he peek over the headstone to watch the skeleton engage with they live family . one couple dance . another man reach for offering on he grave , which solidify in he hand when he take they . 32 . a couple of skeleton coo over a toddler . skeleton abuela look how big she 's get ! suddenly Dante surprise miguel and lick he on the cheek . miguel scream . miguel Dante ?! you can see I ? w-wait ! what 's go on ?! Dante bark , point , and bound through the crowd . miguel Dante ! Dante ! miguel give chase until -­ bam ! he run smack into a mustach skeleton and fall to the ground . the skeleton 's bone break apart and scatter . the head pop up . miguel I be sorry , I be sorry ... papá julio miguel ?! miguel try to gather the scattered bone . tía rosita miguel ? tía victoria miguel ? the bone magically pull away from miguel . papá julio you be here ! here here ! papá julio reconstitute himself . papá julio ( cont 'd ) and you can see we ?! tía rosita charge through papá julio , send he bone scatter again . she grab miguel , hugging he tight . tía rosita we migueli-ti-ti-ti-ti-to! miguel , smother by rosita 's ample ribcage , struggle for air . 33. miguel ( muffle ) remind I how I know you ? tía rosita we be you family , mijo ! tía rosita 's ofrenda photo flash in miguel 's memory . miguel tía ... rosita ? tía rosita sí ! he look at papá julio , whose head be still turn the wrong way . tía victoria straighten it . miguel papá julio ? papá julio hola . miguel tía Victoria ? tía Victoria poke miguel 's cheek , skeptical . tía victoria he do not seem entirely dead . a live person amble through miguel 's non- corporeal form . tía rosita he 's not quite alive either ... papá julio we need mamá imelda . she will know how to fix this ! suddenly twin skeleton gent run , huffing , toward the family . tío felipe ( huffing ) oye ! tío oscar ( wind ) it 's mamá imelda -- 34 . tío felipe ( huffing ) -- she could not cross over ! the other gasp . tío oscar she 's stick -- tío felipe -- on the other side ! miguel see picture of he tío oscar and tío felipe flash in he memory . miguel tío oscar ? tío felipe ? tío oscar oh , hey miguel . tía Victoria turn she gaze on miguel . tía victoria I have a feel this have something to do with you . tía rosita but if mamá imelda can not come to we ... papá julio ... then we be go to she ! vámonos ! papá julio grab miguel by the arm and the family rush through the cemetery , trail by Dante . ext . cemetery - moment later miguel and he family weave through the grave , round a corner . his gaze fall upon a glow marigold bridge arching before they . miguel whoa ... the bridge extend into the mist . a stream of skeleton amble across for the holiday . 35 . the family pass through a invisible barrier onto the bridge . they body change from ghostly to solid . miguel hesitates at the threshold . papá julio come on , miguel . it 's ok . miguel follow after the family , the petal glow under he foot . Dante take off . miguel Dante ! Dante ! Dante , wait up ! miguel run after Dante , finally catch up to the dog as he roll in the petal at the crest of the bridge . he sneeze some petal into miguel 's face . miguel ( cont 'd ) you gotta stay with I , boy . we do not know ... where ... out of the mist , the sparkling cityscape of the land of the Dead emerge . it 's breathtaking . his family sidle up . miguel this be not a dream , then . you be all really out there ... tía victoria you think we be not ? miguel well I do not know , I think it might have be one of that make up thing that adult tell kid ... like ... vitamin . tía victoria miguel , vitamin be a real thing . miguel well , now I be think maybe they could be ... as skeleton pass in the other direction , miguel receive some strange look . a little skeleton girl gasp , point at he . skeleton mother mija , it 's not nice to stare at -- ( see miguel ) ay ! Santa Maria ! 36 . the woman go wide - eye , she head turn backwards to gawk at miguel as she walk in the opposite direction . miguel put up he hood . the riveras continue on toward a arrival area on the far side of the bridge . miguel see fantastical creature crawl , fly , make nest in the nearby architecture . miguel be that ...? alebrije ! but that be -- tío oscar real alebrije . Spirit creature ... tía rosita they guide soul on they journey ... tío felipe watch you step , they make caquita everywhere . they get to the far edge of the marigold Bridge . ext . marigold grand central station canned loop ( v.o . ) welcome back to the land of the Dead . please have all offering ready for re-entry . we hope you enjoy you holiday ! a sign read re-entry . arrival agent welcome back ! anything to declare ? traveler some churro ... from my family . arrival agent how wonderful ! next ! canned loop ( v.o . ) ... if you be experience travel issue , agent at the Department of family reunion be available to assist you . miguel and family get into the line for re-entry , along with other skeleton return from the land of the live . 37 . nearby , skeleton exit the land of the Dead through a gate mark departure . miguel watch . departure agent next family , please ! a elderly couple step in front of a camera-mounted monitor . the monitor scan they face and return a image of they photo on a altar in the land of the live . departure agent ( cont 'd ) oh , you photo be on you son 's ofrenda . have a great visit ! elderly couple gracias . the couple unite with the rest of they family . they all step onto the bridge , which begin to glow as they gain foot . canned loop ( v.o . ) ... and remember to return before sunrise . enjoy you visit ! departure agent next ! a skeleton man , a smile full of brace , step up to the monitor . departure agent ( cont 'd ) you photo 's on you dentist 's ofrenda . enjoy you visit ! juan ortodoncia grashiash ! departure agent next ! héctor ( early 20 ) , a rag fellow , step up to the monitor , disguise as frida kahlo . héctor yes , it be i. frida kahlo . ( beat ) shall we skip the scanner ? I be on so many ofrenda , it will just overwhelm you blinky thingie ... the monitor scan he , but a " X " appear , accompany by a negative buzzing sound . 38 . departure agent well shoot . look like no one put up you photo , frida ... héctor peel off he unibrow and throw off he frock . héctor okay , when I say I be frida ... just now ? that ... that be a lie . and I apologize for do that . departure agent no photo on a ofrenda , no crossing the bridge . héctor you know what , I be just gonna zip right over , you will not even know I be go . héctor bolt for the bridge . a security guard block the gate . héctor split in two and slide past the guard , half go over , half under . héctor ha ha ! héctor reach the bridge at a sprint , but the magic do not engage ; he sink right into the petal . héctor almost there , just a little further ...! the guard saunter to the bridge and casually pull héctor back toward the land of the Dead . officer upsy-daisy ... héctor Fine , okay . Fine , who care ... Dumb flower bridge ! miguel watch as the guard haul he out . tía rosita look up in time to see he back . tía rosita I do not know what I would do if no one put up my photo . arrival agent ( o.s. ) next ! 39 . tía rosita oh ! come mijo , it 's we turn . the arrival line move forward . the Dead riveras crowd around the gate . the arrival agent lean out from he window . arrival agent welcome back , amigo ! anything to declare ? papá julio as a matter of fact , yes . the family push miguel to the front , very much alive . miguel hola . the arrival agent 's jaw literally drop . CUT to : int . marigold grand central station miguel and he family be escort by a security guard across a arching second floor walkway . voice over p.a. page marta Gonzales -ramos . marta Gonzales - Ramos , please report to level 7. Dante happily trot alongside . miguel look up to see gondolas travel by . miguel whoa ... skeleton stare at miguel as he walk by . suddenly miguel notice tío oscar stare at he face in deep contemplation . tío oscar I miss my nose ... at the end of the walkway be door emblazon with " department of family reunion . " the family pass through . int . department of family reunion Inside , they find case worker help traveler work out holiday snafus . 40 . distressed traveler c'mon ! help we out amigo ... we gotta get to a dozen ofrenda tonight ... CUT to : miffed wife we be not visit you ex - wife 's family for día de muertos ! CUT to : in a far corner , one traveler in particular be raise hell . mamá imelda I demand to speak to the person in charge ! a beleaguere case worker cringe as mamá imelda tear into she . case worker I be sorry , señora , it say here no one put up you photo -- mamá imelda coldly eye the macintosh 128 k on the woman 's desk . mamá imelda my family always -- always -- put my photo on the ofrenda ! that devil box tell you nothing but lie ! in a swift movement , mamá imelda remove she shoe and smack the computer . papá julio mamá imelda ? she turn she shoe on papá julio , who lean back and yelp . mamá imelda soften . mamá imelda oh , mis familia ! they would not let I cross the bridge ! tell this woman and she devil box that my photo be on the ofrenda . papá julio well , we never make it to the ofrenda ... 41 . mamá imelda what ?! papá julio we run into ... um ... mamá imelda 's eye fall on miguel . miguel look at mamá imelda . her photo flash before he . mamá imelda miguel ? miguel mamá imelda ... mamá imelda what be go on ? just then , a door open and a clerk poke he head out . clerk you the rivera family ? the computer short circuit . CUT to : int . clerk office clerk well , you be curse . the family gasp . miguel what ?! the clerk search through a huge stack of papers . clerk día de los muertos be a night to give to the dead . you stole from the dead . miguel but I be not steal the guitar ! mamá imelda guitar ...? 42 . miguel it be my great- great grandfather 's , he would have want I to have it -- mamá imelda ah-ah - ah ! we do not speak of that ... ( disgust ) ... musician ! he be dead to this family ! miguel uh , you be all dead . Dante balance he paw at the edge of the clerk 's desk and try to reach a plate of food . clerk achoo ! I be sorry , whose alebrije be that ? miguel step up , try to pull Dante away from the treat . miguel that 's just Dante . tía rosita he sure do not look like a alebrije . tía rosita gesture to the fantastical creature flutter on the other side of the window . tío oscar he just look like a plain old dog ... tío felipe ... or a sausage someone drop in a barbershop . clerk whatever he be , I be -- achoo ! -- terribly allergic . miguel but Dante do not have any hair . clerk and I do not have a nose , and yet here we be -- achoo !! 43. mamá imelda but none of this explain why I could not cross over . miguel realize something . he sheepishly pull out the fold photo . miguel oh ... he unfold the photo . mamá imelda you take my photo off the ofrenda ?! miguel it be a accident ! mamá imelda turn to the clerk , fire in she eye . mamá imelda how do we send he back ?! clerk well , since it 's a family matter ... ( flipping page ) the way to undo a family curse be to get you family 's bless . miguel that 's it ? clerk get you family 's bless , and everything should go back to normal . but you gotta do it by sunrise ! miguel what happen at sunrise ? papá julio híjole ! you hand ! miguel look at he hand . the tip of one of he finger have start to turn skeletal . he turn pale . he start to faint when papá julio pick he up and gently slap he awake . papá julio whoa , miguel . can not have you fainting on we . 44 . clerk but not to worry ! you family 's here , you can get you bless right now . the clerk search the ground near tía rosita . clerk cempasúchil , cempasúchil . aha ! perdón , señora . tía rosita titter . the clerk pluck a marigold petal from the hem of she dress . he hand the petal to mamá imelda . clerk ( to imelda ) now , you look at the live and say he name . imelda turn to miguel . mamá imelda miguel . clerk naile it . now say : I give you my bless . mamá imelda I give you my bless . the marigold petal glow in she finger . miguel brighten . but mamá imelda be not finish . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) I give you my bless to go home ... the glow of the marigold petal surge . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) to put my photo back on the ofrenda ... each add condition make the petal glow brighter . imelda deliver it like a scolding , but miguel nod . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) and to never play music again ! the petal surge one last time . 45 . miguel what ? she can not do that ! clerk well technically she can add any condition she want . miguel stare she down . imelda be firm in she resolve . miguel Fine . clerk ( to imelda ) then you hand the petal to miguel . imelda extend the petal to miguel , who reach for it . he grab the petal . whoooosh ! he 's consume by a whirlwind of petal and disappear . do LA cruiz mausoleum - night he reappear in a whirlwind of petal . it seem like he 's solid . he run to the window and look out . miguel no skeleton ! miguel laugh , relieved . then , a mischievous smile on he face , he turn and eye de la Cruz 's guitar . miguel quickly grab the guitar . miguel mariachi Plaza , here I come -- he take two step toward the door , then whoooosh ! clerk office - same time miguel appear back in the clerk 's office in another flash of the marigold whirlwind , without the guitar . the family turn , shocked to see he back so soon . miguel realize he hand be still in guitar-hold position . mamá imelda two second and you already break you promise ! 46 . miguel this be not fair , it 's my life ! you already have yours ! miguel grab another petal , he march over to papá julio . miguel papá julio , I ask for you bless . papá julio shake he head and pull he hat down . miguel ( cont 'd ) tía rosita ? oscar ? felipe ? tía Victoria ? they all shake they head . mamá imelda do not make this hard , mijo . you go home my way , or no way . miguel you really hate music that much ? mamá imelda I will not let you go down the same path he do . miguel get a idea . he pull the photo out and turn from the group . miguel the same path he do . he gaze at the man with no face . miguel ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) he 's family ... tía victoria listen to you mamá imelda . tío oscar she 's just look out for you . tía rosita be reasonable . miguel start back toward the door . 47 . miguel con permiso , I ... need to visit the restroom . be right back ! miguel see himself out . the family wait for a beat . clerk uh , should we tell he there be no restroom in the land of the Dead ? int . staircase - moment later miguel hustle down a staircase with Dante . once on the ground floor , they huddle beneath the staircase . he look to the upper floor . the Dead riveras be there . tío oscar ask a patrolwoman about a boy of miguel 's height . the patrolwoman pick up she walkie-talkie . miguel scope the ground floor and spy a revolve door exit . miguel vámonos . miguel put up he hood , tightening it to a tiny eye hole , and head out . Dante pad after he . patrolwoman we get a family look for a live boy . miguel if I wanna be a musician , I need a musician be bless . we gotta find my great- great grandpa . the exit get closer when miguel be stop by a patrolman . patrolman hold it , muchacho . miguel 's hoodie loosen to reveal he live face . patrolman ahh ! the patrolman frantically grab for he walkie-talkie . patrolman I have find that live boy ! 48 . a large family pass between miguel and the officer , chatty , arm full of offering . patrolman uh whoa , excuse I , excuse I folk ! Excuse I -- once the family clear , miguel be nowhere to be see . CUT to : int . nearby corridor miguel and Dante hide from the patrolman . but Dante wander off to inspect a side room . miguel no , no -- Dante ! int . department of correction miguel catch up to Dante . he overhear a exchange in a nearby cubicle . correction officer ... disturbing the peace , flee a officer , falsify a unibrow ... héctor that 's illegal ? correction officer very illegal . you need to clean up you act , amigo . héctor amigo ? ( verklempt ) oh , that 's so nice , to hear you say that , because ... ( misty ) I have just have a really hard día de muertos , and I could really use a amigo right now . héctor lean gratefully toward the officer , overwhelm with mock emotion . 49 . héctor ( cont 'd ) and amigo , they help they amigo . listen , you get I across that bridge tonight and I will make it worth you while . héctor spy a de la Cruz poster at the officer 's workstation . héctor ( cont 'd ) oh , you like de la Cruz ? he and I go way back ! I can get you front row seat to he sunrise spectacular show ! miguel perk at the mention of de la Cruz . correction officer uh -- héctor I will -- I will get you backstage , you can meet he ! ( beat ) you just gotta let I cross that bridge ! the correction officer pull away . correction officer I should lock you up for the rest of the holiday ... ( beat ) but my shift 's almost up , and I wanna visit my live family ... so I be let you off with a warning . héctor can I at least get my costume back ? correction officer uh , no . in a huff , héctor march out of the room . héctor some amigo ... miguel follow he . 50 . int . hallway miguel hey . hey ! you really know de la Cruz ? héctor who want to -- ( notice miguel ) ah ! you be alive ! miguel shhh ! CUT into : int . phonebooth miguel pull héctor into a phone booth to avoid suspicion . miguel ( cont 'd ) yeah I be alive . and if I wanna get back to the land of the live , I need de la Cruz 's bless . héctor that 's weirdly specific . miguel he 's my great- great- grandfather . héctor he 's you wha -whaat ...? hector 's eye drop into he mouth . he pop they back up with a punch to he jaw . miguel be a little gross out . héctor turn to conference with himself . héctor ( cont 'd ) wait , wait , wait , wait , wait . wait , wait ... ( gasp ) wait , no , wait , wait , wait . wait , wait , wait , wait , wait , wait ? ( beat ) yes ! you be go back to the land of the live ?! miguel D 'ya know what , maybe this be not such a g-- 51 . héctor snap he finger rapidly , piston fire . héctor no , niño , niño , niño , I can help you ! you can help I . we can help each other ! but most importantly , you can help I . miguel suddenly spy he family hurry down a staircase . mamá imelda spot miguel . mamá imelda miguel ! miguel ah ! héctor extend he hand . héctor I be héctor . miguel that 's nice ! miguel grab héctor by the wrist and drag he to the exit , away from he family . ext . marigold grand central station miguel and Dante burst out the door and rush down the stair . héctor 's arm snap to get miguel 's attention . miguel realize it 's no longer attach to héctor 's body . the arm signal backwards to héctor who be ten pace behind . héctor espérame chamaco ! miguel throw the arm back to héctor a they disappear into a dense crowd . moment later , the Dead riveras burst from the revolve door . mamá imelda scour the crowd for miguel . he 's nowhere to be find . mamá imelda ay , he be go to get himself kill ... I need my spirit guide , pepita . mamá imelda look to the night sky , put two finger to she mouth , and let out a pierce whistle . 52 . fwooomp ! a giant winge jaguar land in front of mamá imelda . she turn to the family . mamá imelda who have that petal miguel touch ? papá julio here ! papá julio step forward with a marigold petal . he creep forward , jittery , hold it out for pepita . papá julio Nice alebrije ... pepita sniff the petal 's scent . suddenly pepita 's head dart , narrowing in on the scent . she take to the air . ext . underpass tunnel - night miguel sit on a wooden crate . héctor use he thumb to smudge black and white shoe polish on the boy 's face . héctor hey , hey , hold still . ( beat ) look up . look up . a ver , a ver ... look up . up , up !... ta-da ! héctor open a small mirror . miguel 's face be paint to look like a skeleton . héctor ( cont 'd ) Dead as a doorknob . ( beat ) so listen , miguel : this place run on memory . when you be well - remember , people put up you photo and you get to cross the bridge and visit the live on día de muertos . ( beat ) unless you be I . miguel you do not get to cross over . 53. héctor no one 's ever put up my picture ... ( beat ) but you can change that ! he unfold a old picture . in it be a young , live héctor . miguel this be you ? héctor muy guapo , eh ? miguel so you get I to my great- great grandpa , then I put up you photo when I get home ? héctor such a smart boy ! yes ! great idea , yes ! ( beat ) one hiccup : de la Cruz be a tough guy to get to . and I need to cross that bridge soon . like tonight . ( upbeat ) so , you get any other family here , you know ? someone a bit more ... accessible ? miguel mmm , nope . héctor do not yank my chain , chamaco . you gotta have some other family . miguel only de la Cruz . if you can not help I , I will find he myself . miguel march out of the alley , whistling for Dante to follow . héctor okay , okay , kid , fine -- fine ! I will get you to you great- great grandpa ...! CUT to : 54 . ext . bustling STREET they make they way through a pedestrian path . héctor ( cont 'd ) ... it 's not gonna be easy , you know ? he 's a busy man . ( beat ) what be you do ? miguel slink - walk next to héctor goofily . miguel I be walk like a skeleton . blend in . héctor no , skeleton do not walk like that . miguel it 's how you walk . héctor no , I do not . miguel keep walk funny . héctor ( cont 'd ) stop it ! miguel notice a billboard advertising " ernesto do LA cruz be sunrise spectacular ! ; " " remember I " blare from attach speaker . miguel whoa ... " ernesto de la Cruz 's sunrise spectacular ...! " qué padre ! héctor blech . every year , you great - great grandpa put on that dumb show to mark the end of día de muertos . miguel and you can get we in ! héctor ahhhh -- 55 . miguel hey , you say you have front row ticket ! héctor that ... that be a lie . I apologize for that . miguel give héctor a wither look . héctor cool off , chamaco , come on ... I will get you to he . miguel how ? héctor ' Cause I happen to know where he 's rehearse ! CUT to : ext . warehouse , beneath window héctor use he suspender to slingshot he arm to a third floor window . the hand tap on it . int . costume room cecilia , a customer , turn from a costume to look at the window . héctor 's hand wave . she roll she eye and go to open the window . cecilia you better have my dress , héctor ! héctor hola , ceci ! ext . beneath window she lower a ladder so héctor , miguel and Dante can climb up . héctor grab he arm and reattach it . int . costume room they all crawl in through the window . 56 . miguel hola . héctor ceci , I lose the dress -- cecilia ya lo sabía ! I gotta dress forty dancer by sunrise and thanks to you , I be one frida short of a open number ! héctor ceci -- I know , ceci . I know , I know . ceci -- ceci ... ceci. ceci ... as héctor try to talk she down , Dante wander away from the costume area . miguel Dante ... Dante ! miguel chase after he . int . rehearsal area miguel we should not be in here ... miguel follow Dante through a giant warehouse , divide into different artist workspace . he pass papier - mo ché sculpture , giant paper cut out banner , a skeleton pose nude for a painter ... Dante sniff around . suddenly a alebrije monkey jump out at Dante . the monkey start riding Dante , torment he . miguel hustle after he . miguel no , no , Dante ! ven acá ! the monkey jump up onto the shoulder of frida kahlo , the real frida kahlo , who stand in front of a rehearsal stage . miguel rein Dante in just as frida turn to find they . frida you ! how do you get in here ? miguel I just follow my -- 57 . frida 's eye go wide when she see Dante . she kneel and take he head in she hand . frida oh , the mighty xolo dog ...! guider of wander spirit ...! ( beat ) and whose spirit have you guide to I ? frida take a closer look at miguel . miguel I do not think he 's a spirit guide . frida ah-ah - ah . the alebrije of this world can take many form ... they be as mysterious as they be powerful ... the pattern on frida 's monkey swirl and he open he mouth to breath a blue fire . he fumble at the end with a chesty cough . then they look to Dante , who be chew he own leg . suddenly , frida turn back to miguel . frida ( cont 'd ) or maybe he 's just a dog . come ! I need you eye ! frida guide he to view the rehearsal space . frida you be the audience . ( beat ) darkness . and from the darkness ... a giant papaya ! light come up on a giant papaya prop . frida dancer emerge from the papaya and the dancer be all I ! leotarded , unibrow dancer crawl around the side of the mesh papaya . behind the papaya be a even larger half - finish mesh structure . 58 . frida ( cont 'd ) and they go to drink from the milk of they mother who be a cactus , but who be also I . and she milk be not milk but tear . ( to miguel ) be it too obvious ? miguel I think it 's just the right amount of obvious ? ( beat ) it could use some music ... oh ! what if you do , like , doonk - doonk - doonk-doonk ... frida , inspire , cue some musician who start play the tune . miguel ( cont 'd ) oh ! and then it could go dittle - ittle-dittle - ittle-dittle -ittle - dittle - ittle -- whaaa ! the violin follow ; a trombone punctuate . frida and ... what if everything be on fire ? yes ! Fire everywhere ! the dancer gasp and look at each other , now concerned . frida inspire ! ( lean in ) you ... you have the spirit of a artist ! miguel brighten . frida turn back to the rehearsal . frida the dancer exit , the music fade , the light go out ! and ernesto de la Cruz rise to the stage ! a silhouette rise from a trap door . miguel lean forward . a spotlight shine on the silhouette revealing it to be a mannequin . miguel huh ? 59 . frida he do a couple of song , the sun rise , everyone cheer -- miguel hustle up to frida . miguel Excuse I , where 's the real de la Cruz ? frida ernesto do not do rehearsals . he 's too busy host that fancy party at the top of he tower . she gesture out a large window to a grand estate light up in the distance , atop a steep hill . suddenly héctor round the corner , out of breath . héctor chamaco ! you can not run off on I like that ! c'mon , stop pester the celebrity ... héctor pull miguel away , but miguel will not be wrangle . miguel you say my great- great grandpa would be here ! he 's halfway across town , throw some big party . héctor that bum ! who do not show up to he own rehearsal ? miguel if you be such good friend , how come he do not invite you ? héctor he 's you great - great grandpa . how come he do not invite you ? héctor walk away from miguel toward the musician . héctor hey Gustavo ! you know anything about this party ? 60 . gustavo it 's the hot ticket . but if you be not on the guest list you be never get in , chorizo ... musician hey , it 's chorizo ! / choricito ! héctor ha ha , very funny guy . very funny . miguel chorizo ? gustavo ( to miguel , be : héctor ) oh , this guy 's famous ! go on , go on , ask he how he die ! miguel look to héctor , eyebrow cocked . héctor I do not want to talk about it . gustavo he choke on some chorizo ! the musician laugh . miguel try to stifle a giggle . héctor I do not choke , okay -- I get food poisoning , which be a big difference ! more laughter . héctor ( to miguel ) this be why I do not like musician ... bunch of self - important jerk ! miguel hey , I be a musician . héctor you be ? 61 . gustavo well , if you really want to get to ernesto , there be that music competition at the Plaza de la Cruz . winner get to play at he party ... miguel 's wheel start turn . héctor no , no , no , chamaco , you be loco if you think -- miguel look to he hand , progress in they skeletal transformation . miguel I need to get my great- great grandfather 's bless . miguel look up to héctor . miguel ( cont 'd ) you know where I can get a guitar ? héctor sigh . héctor I know a guy ... CUT to : ext . underpass tunnel - night pepita sweep across the sky , landing in a darken corner . she cast a shadow on the wall , then lurch into the light . she sniff out the spot where héctor paint miguel 's face , find a canister of shoe polish . she let out a low growl . the Dead riveras follow after she . mamá imelda have you find he , pepita ? have you find we boy ? pepita breathes on the ground , revealing a footprint . it glow for a moment . the family lean in to inspect . tía rosita a footprint ! 62 . papá julio it 's a rivera boot ! tío oscar size seven ... tío felipe ... and a half . tía victoria pronated . mamá imelda miguel . pepita lean forward , breathes again , and the glow spread to reveal a trail of footprint . CUT to : ext . narrow stairway miguel follow héctor down a steep stairway . miguel look to he bony knuckle , concern on he face . héctor why the heck would you wanna be a musician ? miguel my great- great grandpa be a musician . héctor ... who spend he life perform like a monkey for complete stranger . blech , no , no thank you , guácala , no ... miguel whadda you know ? as miguel descend the staircase , de la Cruz 's distant glow tower be obscure by old forget building . miguel so , how far be this guitar anyway ? héctor we be almost there ... 63. héctor jump from the stairway and crash on the ground below . but he bone reassemble immediately . héctor ( cont 'd ) keep up , chamaco , come on ! héctor lead miguel through a stone archway . ext . shanty town graffiti on the archway depict skeletal angel with wing the color of marigold . Inside the archway , a group of ratty skeleton huddle around a burn trashcan and laugh raucously . they be gray and dusty , not unlike héctor , but there 's a camaraderie about they . ratty group cousin héctor !! héctor eh ! this guy ! ratty member héctor !! héctor hey tío ! qué onda ! miguel this people be all you family ? héctor eh , in a way ... we be all the one with no photo or ofrenda , no family to go home to . nearly forget , you know ? ( beat ) so , we all call each other cousin , or tío , or whatever . they approach three old lady play card around a wooden crate . one , tía chelo look up . tía chelo héctor ! héctor tía chelo ! he-hey ! héctor hand they a bottle . 64 . old tias muchas gracias ! héctor hey , hey ! save some for I ! be chichar around ? tía chelo in the bungalow . I do not know if he 's in the mood for visitor ... héctor who do not like a visit from cousin héctor ? int . shanty bungalow tent héctor hold the curtain open . miguel and Dante walk in . the tent be cramped , dark , and quiet . pile be organize everywhere : stack of old dish , a drawer full of pocket watch , magazine , record . this place belong to a collector of thing . miguel almost knock one stack over . héctor spy a hammock pile with old junk , a dusty hat on top . he lift the hat and find the grumpy face of chicharrón . héctor buenas noches , chichar ! chicharrón I do not want to see you stupid face , héctor . héctor c'mon , it 's día de muertos ! I bring you a little offer ! chicharrón get out of here ... héctor I would , cheech , but the thing be ... I and my friend , miguel , we really need to borrow you guitar . chicharrón my guitar ?! héctor yes ? 65 . chicharrón my prize , beloved guitar ...? héctor I promise we will bring it right back . chichar sit up , incense . chicharrón like the time you promise to bring back my van ? héctor uh ... chicharrón or my mini-fridge ? héctor ah , you see­ - chicharrón or my good napkin ? my lasso ? my femur ?! héctor no , no , not like that time . chicharrón where 's my femur ?! you -- chichar raise he finger to give a tongue lash . but then he weaken and collapse in he hammock , a golden flicker flash through he bone . héctor rush forward . héctor whoa , whoa -- you okay , amigo ? chicharrón I be fade , héctor . I can feel it . ( look to guitar ) I could not even play that thing if I want to . ( beat ) you play I something . héctor look surprised . héctor you know I do not play anymore , cheech . the guitar 's for the kid -- 66 . chicharrón you want it , you get to earn it ... héctor sigh , then reach over chichar and take the instrument . héctor only for you , amigo . any request ? héctor begin tuning the guitar . chicharrón you know my favorite , héctor . héctor begin a lovely , lilt tune . chichar smile . miguel 's eye go wide at héctor 's skill . héctor ( sing ) well everyone know juanita , her eye each a different color . her teeth stick out , and her chin goe in , and her ... héctor eye miguel . héctor ( cont 'd ) ... knuckle they drag on the floor . chicharrón that be not the word ! héctor there be child present . ( continue ) her hair be like a briar , she stand in a bow - legged stance . and if I weren't so ugly , she'd possibly give I a chance ! héctor finish with a soft flourish . chichar be tickle , joyful . for a moment he 's present and bright . chicharrón bring back memory . gracias ... his eye close . he look at peace . héctor look sad . suddenly , the edge of chichar 's bone begin to glow . a soft , beautiful light . then ... he dissolves into dust . 67 . miguel be stunne , concerned . héctor pick up he shot glass , lift it in honor , and drink . he place it rim down next to chichar 's glass , which be still full . miguel wait ... what happen ? héctor he 's be forget . ( beat ) when there 's no one leave in the live world who remember you , you disappear from this world . we call it the " final death . " miguel where do he go ? héctor no one know . miguel have a think . miguel but I have meet he ... I could remember he , when I go back ... héctor no , it do not work like that , chamaco . we memory ... they have to be pass down by that who know we in life -- in the storey they tell about we . but there 's no one leave alive to pass down cheech 's storey ... miguel be deep in think . héctor put he hand on miguel 's back , suddenly cheerful . héctor ( cont 'd ) hey , it happen to everyone eventually . he give miguel the guitar . héctor ( cont 'd ) c'mon " de la cruzcito . " you have get a contest to win . 68 . héctor throw open the curtain and exit . miguel look back at the glass , then turn and follow . ext . land of the dead héctor and miguel hang off the back of a move trolley . miguel hold héctor 's photo in he hand , scan it , while héctor fiddle on the guitar idly . miguel you tell I you hate musician , you never say you be one . héctor how do you think I know you great - great grandpa ? we use to play music together . taught he everything he know . héctor play a fancy riff , but botch the last note . miguel no manch ! you play with ernesto de la Cruz , the great musician of all time ? héctor ha-ha , you be funny ! greatest eyebrow of all time maybe but he music , eh , not so much . miguel you do not know what you be talk about ... the trolley arrive at the stop for the plaza do LA cruz . there 's a giant statue of ernesto de la Cruz in the center . miguel pocket héctor 's photo . héctor welcome to the Plaza de la Cruz ! ( beat ) showtime , chamaco ! héctor hand the guitar to miguel . quick cut : energetic plaza shot . light and color , beautiful dress , violin , pyrotechnic bullfight , dance . a t-shirt vendor be sell " de la Cruz " shirt . vendor llévelo ! t-shirt ! bobble-head ! 69 . a stage be set up in the plaza . ext . on stage a emcee greet she audience . emcee bienvenidos a todo ! who 's ready for some música ? the audience whoops . emcee ( cont 'd ) it 's a battle of the band , amigo ! the winner get to play for the maestro himself , ernesto de la Cruz , at he fiesta tonight ! the audience cheer . héctor elbow miguel as they head backstage . héctor that 's we ticket , muchacho . emcee let the competition begin ! quick montage : act perform on stage -- a tuba / violin act , a saxophone player , a hard - core metal band , a kid who play marimba on the back of a giant iguana alebrije , a dj with a laptop and keyboard setup , a dog orchestra , nun play accordion ... ext . backstage miguel and héctor stand amongst other contestant . héctor so what 's the plan ? what be you gonna play ? miguel definitely " remember me. " miguel pluck out the beginning of de la Cruz 's most famous song . héctor clamp he hand over the fretboard . héctor no , not that one . no. 70 . miguel c'mon , it 's he most popular song ! héctor ehck , it 's too popular . elsewhere backstage , they notice multiple other act rehearse they version . skeleton musician ( sing ) remember I , though I have to TRAVEL far , remember I ... opera singers ( sing ) remember I ! don't let it make you cry ! one man play water glass to the famous tune . héctor look at miguel as if to ask , " need I say more ? " miguel um ... what about " poco loco ? " héctor epa ! now that 's a song ! stagehand De la cruzcito ? you be on standby ! ( to another band ) Los chachalacos , you be up next ! on stage a impressive banda group step onto stage . crowd los chachalacos ! they burst into a mighty introduction and the audience go wild . they be very good . backstage miguel peek at the frenzied audience from backstage . he look sick and begin to pace , fidgety . héctor you always this nervous before a performance ? 71 . miguel I do not know -- I have never perform before . héctor what ?! you say you be a musician ! miguel I be ! ( beat ) I mean I will be . once I win . héctor that 's you plan ?! ( beat ) no , no , no , no , no , you have to win , miguel . you life literally depend on you win ! and you 've never do this before ?! héctor reach for the guitar . héctor ( cont 'd ) I will go up there -- miguel recoil , keep hold of the instrument . miguel no ! I need to do this . héctor why ? miguel if I can not go out there and play one song ... how can I call myself a musician ? héctor what do that matter ?! miguel ' cuz I do not just want to get de la Cruz 's bless . I need to prove that ... that I be worthy of it . héctor oh . oh , that 's such a sweet sentiment ... at such a bad time ! héctor look in miguel 's eye . the kid be sincere . despite himself , héctor soften . 72 . héctor okay ... okay , okay , okay . okay . okay . ( beat ) okay . ( beat ) okay you wanna perform ? then you have get to perform ! miguel perk , surprised that héctor want to help . héctor ( cont 'd ) first you have to loosen up . shake off that nerve ! sáquenlo sáquenlo , sáquenlo ! héctor do a loose - bone skeletal shimmy and miguel copy . héctor ( cont 'd ) now gimme you best grito ! miguel my best grito ? héctor come on , yell ! belt it out ! ooooooh he-he-hey ! ha ! ah , feel good ! okay ... now you . miguel ( uncertain ) ah -- ah -- ayyyyy yaaaaayyyyay ... Dante whimper . héctor oh , c'mon kid ... on stage , Los chachalacos wrap up to raucous applause . stagehand De la cruzcito , you be on now ! héctor miguel , look at I . stagehand come on , let 's go ! héctor hey ! hey , look at I . ( beat ) ( more ) 73. héctor ( cont 'd ) you can do this . grab they attention and do not let it go ! emcee ( o.s. ) we have one more act , amigo ! miguel héctor ... héctor make them listen , chamaco ! you get this ! emcee ( o.s. ) dama y caballeros ! De la cruzcito ! the crowd applaud as miguel be lead on stage . héctor arre papá ! hey ! héctor 's face contort with a mix of encouragement and dread . on stage miguel slowly take the stage , guitar in hand . he 's blind by the light and squint out at the audience . he 's freeze stiff . off stage héctor ( to Dante ) what 's he do ? why be not he play ? on stage panic be paint across miguel 's face . audience member ( o.s. ) bring back the sing dog ! the crowd begin to murmur impatiently . miguel look to héctor in the wing . héctor make eye contact with miguel and do the " loosen up " bone shimmy . 74 . on stage miguel shake off he nerve . deep exhale and ... miguel haaaaaaai - yaaaaaaaaaaai - yaaaaaaaai ! the sound be full - throat and resonant . people in the audience whistle and whoop . some return the grito , some applaud lightly . his brow go up and he begin he guitar intro . miguel ( sing ) what color be the sky ? ay MI amor , ay MI amor you tell I that it's red ay MI amor , ay MI amor where should I put my shoe ? ay MI amor , ay MI amor you say put they on you head ay MI amor , ay MI amor as the audience warm up , so do miguel . héctor perk up , he 's get this ! miguel ( cont 'd ) you make I UN poco loco UN poqui -ti-ti - to loco the way you keep I guessing i'm nodding and I 'm yes - ing i'll count it as a blessing that i'm only UN poco loco ... instrumental interlude . Dante grab héctor by the leg and drag he onto the stage with miguel . héctor no , no , no , no ... once in the spotlight , héctor warm up and bust out some percussive footwork to miguel 's guitar . miguel not bad for a dead guy ! héctor you be not so bad yourself , gordito ! eso ! CUT to : 75 . edge of audience a ripple of glow footprint lead pepita and the Dead riveras to the edge of the audience . mamá imelda he 's close . find he . the Dead riveras fan out through the audience . on stage héctor get more creative with he dance , head come off , limb spin around . the audience hoot ! héctor ( sing ) the loco that you make I it be just UN poco crazy the sense that you 're not making ... miguel ( sing ) the libertie you're taking ... hector miguel leave my cabeza shaking leave my cabeza shaking you be just UN poco loco you be just UN poco loco the audience start clap in time with the song . Dante let out a howl . the riveras continue they search in the audience . tío felipe / tío oscar we be look for a live kid ... about 12 ? CUT to : tía rosita have you see a live boy ? on stage hector miguel UN poqui - ti-ti-ti-ti-ti- TI - TI - UN poqui - ti- ti-ti-ti-ti- TI - TI - ti-ti - to loco !! ti- TI - to loco !! the audience erupt into applause ! 76 . miguel smile , soaking in the moment . he feel like a real musician . héctor hey , you do good ! I be proud of you ! eso ! miguel swell and look back out the crowd when he suddenly spot oscar and felipe talk to a stranger . he look over and there be tía rosita talk to someone else ! miguel look to stage right , where he see papá julio talk to the emcee ! audience otra ! otra ! otra ! panick , miguel pull héctor off stage . héctor try to pull back . off stage héctor hey , where be you go ? miguel we gotta get outta here . héctor what , be you crazy ? we be about to win this thing ! on stage the emcee take the microphone . emcee dama y caballeros , I have a emergency announcement . ( beat ) please be on the lookout for a live boy , answer to the name of miguel . earlier tonight he run away from he family . they just want to send he back to the land of the live ... murmur of concern rumble through the audience . 77 . off stage emcee ( o.s. ) ... if anyone have information , please contact the authority . héctor wait , wait , wait ! you say de la Cruz be you only family . the only person who could send you home . miguel I do have other family , but -- héctor you could have take my photo back this whole time ?! miguel -- but they hate music ! I need a musician 's bless ! héctor you lie to I ! miguel oh , you be one to talk ! héctor look at I . I be be forget , miguel . I do not even know if I be gonna last the night ! ( beat ) I be not gonna miss my one chance to cross that bridge ' cause you want to live out some stupid musical fantasy ! miguel it 's not stupid . héctor grab miguel 's arm and pull he toward the stage . héctor I be take you to you family . miguel let go of I ! héctor you will thank I later -- 78 . miguel yank he arm away . miguel you do not wanna help I , you only care about yourself ! keep you dumb photo ! he pull héctor 's photo out of he pocket and throw it at he . héctor try to grab it but it catch a breeze and drift into the crowd . héctor no -- no , no , no ! no ... miguel stay away from I ! as héctor scramble to catch he photo , miguel run away . héctor look up but miguel be go . héctor hey , chamaco ! where do you go ?! chamaco ! I be sorry ! come back ! ext . pedestrian thoroughfare miguel hustle to get away from héctor . Dante bound after he , but look back and whimper . he bark to get miguel 's attention . miguel Dante , cállate ! but Dante be insistent . he tug at miguel 's pants , pull he back to héctor . miguel ( cont 'd ) no , Dante ! stop it ! he can not help I ! Dante grab onto he hoodie sleeve . miguel try to shake he off , but he hoodie slip off , revealing the arm of a live boy . Dante redouble he effort . miguel ( cont 'd ) Dante , stop ! stop it ! leave I alone ! you be not a spirit guide , you be just a dumb dog ! now get out of here ! miguel yank he hoodie away from Dante , who shrink back , rebuffe . the scuffle have draw the eye of the crowd . 79 . startle skeleton see miguel 's arm . he hurry to get he hoodie back on . crowd member it 's he ! / it 's that live boy ! / I hear about he . / look ! / he 's alive ! / the boy 's alive . miguel run and jump down some scaffold . in the distance , he see de la Cruz 's tower . after only a few pace , pepita land in front of miguel , cut off he path ! he skid to a stop . miguel aahh ! then , peek over the jaguar 's head be a even more terrifying sight : mamá imelda riding atop . mamá imelda this nonsense end now , miguel ! I be give you my bless and you be go home ! miguel I do not want you bless ! miguel scramble upright and bound for a narrow alley staircase . mamá imelda miguel ! stop ! not able to get through on she spirit guide , imelda be force to pursue miguel on foot . ext . narrow staircase mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) come back ! miguel ! he wriggle through a iron gate . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) I be try to save you life ! she be stop by the gate . miguel you be ruin my life ! 80 . mamá imelda what ? miguel Music 's the only thing that make I happy . and you , you wanna take that away ! ( beat ) you will never understand . miguel head away from she up the stair . mamá imelda ( sing ) y aunque LA vida I cueste , llorona ... no dejaré do quererte ... miguel stop in he track . when imelda finish , he turn back , confuse . miguel I think you hate music . mamá imelda oh , I love it . ( reminisc ) I remember that feel , when my husband would play , and I would sing and nothing else matter . but when we have Coco , suddenly ... there be something in my life that matter more than music . I want to put down root . he want to play for the world . mamá imelda pause for a moment , lose in a memory . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) we each make a sacrifice to get what we want . now you must make a choice . miguel but I do not wanna ... pick side ! ( beat ) why can not you be on my side ? that 's what family 's suppose to do -- support you . ( beat ) but you never will . 81 . miguel wipe the corner of he eye , frustrated . imelda be shocked to see he so hurt , but miguel turn away before she can answer and ascend the narrow staircase toward de la Cruz 's tower . ext . bottom of the tower miguel arrive at the foot of the hill to de la Cruz 's tower . vehicle from all era ( limousine , motor car , carriage ) drop off finely dress guest who line up to get aboard a funicular that scale the tower to the mansion . a couple at the front of the line show a fancy invitation to a security guard , who then let they onto the funicular . security guard have a good time . guest oh , how exciting ! EL santo , the silver - mask luchador , produce a fancy invitation to the security guard . security guard oh! El Santo ! ( giddy ) I be a big fan . the security guard sheepishly hold up a camera . security guard you mind if I - - El Santo nod . the security guard remove he head and hand it to the luchador for a selfie . his body proceed to take the photo . security guard gracias , señor ! the security guard put he head back on and El Santo head past the velvet rope . miguel be reveal wait in line behind he . security guard invitation ? miguel it 's okay . I be ernesto 's great - great grandson ! 82. miguel strike de la Cruz 's signature pose with he guitar . CUT to : miguel be toss out of the line . just then he see Los chachalacos unload they instrument from they van . he run up to they . miguel disculpen , sefore ... band leader hey guy , it 's poco loco ! band member # 2 you be on fire tonight ! miguel you too ! hey , musician to musician , I need a favor ... CUT to : the Band leader hand a invitation to the security guard . security guard ooo , the competition winner ! congratulation chico ! Los chachalacos file onto the funicular , the sousaphone player angle he instrument away from the security guard . after they get onto the funicular , he turn to reveal a pair of leg hang out of the bell of the sousaphone . with a deep " toot ! " miguel spill out onto the floor of the funicular . miguel thanks guy ! the funicular ascend . ext . do LA cruiz mansion the door of the funicular open to reveal de la Cruz 's lavish mansion . Los chachalacos all file out . miguel whoa ... band leader enjoy the party , little músico ! 83. miguel gracias ! miguel head off toward the mansion . on the stair lead up , the party be bustling -- performer , server and guest dress to the nine . a fire breather let out flame that transform into a flurry of butterfly . guest look , it 's ernesto ! miguel catch a glimpse of de la Cruz head deeper into the party . miguel pursue . miguel De la Cruz ... int . do LA cruiz mansion miguel head into the foyer but lose de la Cruz in the crowd . miguel señor de la Cruz ! miguel elbow he way through the room . miguel pardon I , señor de la Cruz ! señor de la -- he find himself in a huge hall with hundred of guest , the heart of the party . Film clip play all around the room from de la Cruz 's movie . do LA cruz ( film clip ) when you see you moment , you must not let it pass you by . you must seize it . miguel take it all in . synchronize swimmer make formation in a sparkling indoor pool . a dj lay a decade - span mash - up soundtrack . a clip of de la Cruz riding he noble steed play behind miguel . do LA cruz ( film clip ) we be almost there , Dante . 84 . miguel jump to see above the crowd . miguel señor de la Cruz ! señor de la -- miguel be unable to get he great - great grandfather 's attention . meanwhile , a clip behind miguel feature de la Cruz as a good - nature priest : nun ( film clip ) but what can we do ? it be hopeless ... do LA cruz ( film clip ) you must have faith , sister . nun ( film clip ) oh but padre , he will never listen . do LA cruz ( film clip ) he will listen ... to music ! the passionate word embolden miguel . he climb a pillar to the landing of a grand staircase , he stand above the crowd . miguel take a breath and throw out a grito as loud as he can . it echoe through the space , and party guest turn . the dj fade the music . garnering some attention , miguel play he guitar . more guest turn . as a hush fall on the crowd , the sound of miguel 's guitar become singular . miguel ( sing ) señoras y seeore buenas tarde , buenas noches buenas tarde , buenas noches señoritas y seeore to be here with you tonight bring I joy ! '' qué alegría ! for this music be my language and the world es MI familia miguel continue to play and sing as he nervously walk forward ; the crowd parting , he move closer to dlc . miguel for this music be my language and the world es MI familia 85 . he pass a movie screen where a clip feature de la Cruz sing the same song in one of he film , the song overlap for a brief moment . miguel &amp ; do LA cruz for this music be my language and the world es MI familia miguel 's soul pour into the string as he approach he hero -- miguel for this music be my lang -- splash ! miguel tumble into the indoor pool . the party - goer gasp , but it 's ernesto who roll up he sleeve , and , in true movie hero fashion , jump into the pool and lift a cough miguel to the edge . do LA cruz be you all right , niño ? miguel look up , mortify . his paint face begin to run , revealing he to be a live boy . De la Cruz 's eye go wide . the crowd gasp and murmur . do LA cruz it 's you ... you , you be that boy , the one who come from the land of the live . miguel you ... know about I ? do LA cruz you be all anyone have be talk about ! why have you come here ? miguel I be miguel . you great- great grandson . more murmure from the crowd . De la Cruz be shocked . do LA cruz I ... have a great- great grandson ? miguel I need you bless . so I can go back home and be a musician , just like you . ( beat ) ( more ) 86 . miguel ( cont 'd ) the rest of we family , they would not listen . but I ... I hope you would ? do LA cruz my boy , with a talent like yours , how could I not listen ? miguel hug de la Cruz who sweep miguel up onto he shoulder , show he off to the room . do LA cruz I have a great -great grandson ! the crowd roar . CUT to : ext . bottom of the tower crowd look , it 's frida ! the silhouette of frida kahlo step up to the security guard . héctor yes , it be i. frida kahlo . the security guard let she in immediately . no need to check the list . security guard it be a honor , señora ! héctor gracias ... hector step onto the funicular , readjust he unibrow to maintain he diguise . CUT to : ext . do LA cruiz mansion Quick cut over instrumental version of " remember I : " De la Cruz barge into several conversation , proudly introduce miguel . he seem almost giddy . they wedge themselves into a group laugh in the garden ( which include jorge negrete &amp ; pedro infante ) : 87 . do LA cruz hey negrete ! infante ! have you meet my great- great- grandson ? CUT to : De la Cruz and miguel ride up on horseback while guest play polo : do LA cruz my great- great grandson ! CUT to : in the parlor : do LA cruz he 's alive ! and a musician to boot ! CUT to : miguel chat away with de la Cruz and guest . miguel dimple . no dimple . dimple . no dimple . De la Cruz laugh , delighted . do LA cruz no dimple ! CUT to : a film clip be project in the main hall . on screen : Don hidalgo turn raise two glass . miguel act along with the clip . don hidalgo ( film clip ) to we friendship !... don hidalgo ( film clip ) miguel ... I would move Heaven and ... I would move Heaven and Earth for you , mis amigo . Earth for you , mis amigo . salud ! salud ! in the clip Don hidalgo and de la Cruz drink . De la Cruz spit . miguel do LA cruz ( film clip ) poison ! poison ! 88. miguel and de la Cruz gleefully act out the ensue fist fight . do LA cruz you know , I do all my own stunt . CUT to : a small crowd sway , arm around shoulder , as miguel and ernesto lead they in a chorus of " remember I . " int . do LA cruiz ofrenda room De la Cruz gesture to the massive pile of gift from he fan : bread , fruit , flower , instrument , etc . all pile up to the ceiling . do LA cruz all of this come from my amazing fan in the land of the live ! they leave I more offering than I know what to do with ! miguel take in the room , it 's almost too much to absorb . something seem to be on the boy 's mind . do LA cruz hey , what 's wrong ? be it too much ? you look overwhelm ... miguel no -- it 's all great . do LA cruz but ...? miguel it 's just -- I have be look up to you my whole life . you be the guy who actually do it ! but ... ( beat ) do you ever regret it ? choose music over ... everything else . De la Cruz kneel down and look into miguel 's eye . do LA cruz it be hard . say goodbye to my hometown . head off on my own ... miguel leave you family ? 89 . do LA cruz sí. but I could not have do it differently . ( beat ) one can not deny who one be mean to be . and you , my great- great grandson , be mean to be a musician ! miguel smile , chest swell . he feel validate for the first time in he life . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) you and I , we be artist , miguel ! we can not belong to one family . the world be we family ! De la Cruz gesture to the sparkling city beyond he hilltop estate . firework go off on the veranda . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) ooo , the firework have begin ! CUT to : ext . veranda the party guest move outside to watch the light show . int . do LA cruiz mansion the hall have emptied , the light be turn down . burst of color from outside flash across the wall . the only light come from inside the hall be de la Cruz 's film clip that continue to play on the wall . De la Cruz and miguel descend the staircase into the empty hall . do LA cruz soon , the party will move across town for my " sunrise spectacular ! " ( beat ) miguel , you must come to the show ! you will be my guest of honor ! miguel 's eye light up . miguel you mean it ?! 90 . do LA cruz of course , my boy ! miguel 's chest swell . then deflate . he lift he shirt , revealing the skeletal transition partway up he torso . miguel I can not ... I have to get home before sunrise . do LA cruz oh , I really do need to get you home . De la Cruz pluck a marigold petal from a vase . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) it have be a honor . I be sorry to see you go , miguel . I hope you die very soon . ( beat ) you know what I mean . ( beat ) miguel . I give you my ble -- héctor ( o.s. ) we have a deal , chamaco ! they be startle . do LA cruz who be you ? what be the meaning of this ? from the shadow , héctor , dress as frida , step into the light . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) oh , frida ! I think you could not make it . héctor take off the wig and throw he outfit off . héctor you say you would take back my photo . you promise , miguel . miguel turn , back into de la Cruz 's arm . De la Cruz rise to he foot , hand defensively on miguel 's shoulder . do LA cruz ( to miguel ) you know this , uh ... man ? 91 . miguel I just meet he tonight . he tell I he know you -- as héctor step forward with the photo , de la Cruz slowly recognize he . do LA cruz hé -- héctor ? héctor please miguel , put my photo up . héctor push the photo into miguel 's hand . De la Cruz intercept it . he look from the picture to the gray , fade skeleton who kneel before he . héctor look weak . do LA cruz my friend ... you be be forget ... héctor and whose fault be that ? do LA cruz héctor , please -- héctor that be my song you take . my song that make you famous . miguel w- what ? héctor if I be be forget , it 's because you never tell anyone that I write they -- miguel that 's crazy , de la Cruz write all he own song . héctor ( to de la Cruz ) you wanna tell he , or should I ? do LA cruz héctor , I never mean to take credit . ( beat ) ( more ) 92 . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) we make a great team but -- you die and I -- I only sing you song because I want to keep a part of you alive . héctor oh , how generous . miguel you really do play together ... héctor look , I do not want to fight about it . I just want you to make it right . miguel can put my photo up -- do LA cruz héctor ... héctor -- and I can cross over the bridge . I can see my girl . De la Cruz look at the photo , deliberate . héctor ernesto ... remember the night I leave ? do LA cruz that be a long time ago . héctor we drank together and you tell I you would move heaven and earth for you amigo . well , I be ask you to now . miguel Heaven and earth ? like in the movie ? héctor what ? miguel that 's Don hidalgo 's toast ... in the de la Cruz movie , " El camino a casa . " héctor I be talk about my real life , miguel . 93. miguel no , it 's in there . look . miguel look around and point to the movie clip project across the room . film clip : don hidalgo ( film clip ) never be truer word speak . this call for a toast ! to we friendship ! I would move Heaven and Earth for you , mis amigo . miguel but in the movie , Don hidalgo poison the drink ... don hidalgo ( film clip ) salud ! in the clip Don hidalgo and de la Cruz drink . De la Cruz spit he drink . do LA cruz ( film clip ) poison ! héctor 's gear be turn too . héctor that night , ernesto . the night I leave ... flashback : int . mexico CITY HOTEL room héctor throw a songbook in a suitcase , shut it . he grab he guitar case like he mean to leave . héctor ( v.o. ) we would be perform on the road for month . I get homesick -- and I pack up my song ... young do LA cruz you wanna give up now ? when we be this close to reach we dream ? young héctor this be you dream . you will manage . 94 . young do LA cruz I can not do this without you song , héctor -- De la Cruz grab young héctor 's suitcase , but héctor pull away . young héctor I be go home , ernesto . ( beat ) hate I if you want , but my mind be make up . De la Cruz look angry . for a moment he face darken . but he compose himself . young do LA cruz oh , I could never hate you . if you must go , then I be ... I be send you off with a toast ! De la Cruz pour a couple of drink . he give one to héctor . young do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) to we friendship . I would move Heaven and Earth for you , mis amigo . salud ! they both drink . ext . empty STREET héctor ( v.o. ) you walk I to the train station . they walk down a empty street at night , héctor with suitcase and guitar case in tow . héctor stumble , de la Cruz steady he , take he guitar case . héctor ( v.o. ) but I feel a pain in my stomach . I think it must have be something I eat ... young do LA cruz perhaps it be that chorizo my friend ... héctor ( v.o. ) or something I ... drank . 95 . a few more step and héctor collapse in the street . fade to black . héctor ( v.o. ) I wake up dead . back to : int . do LA cruiz mansion héctor you ... poisoned I . do LA cruz you be confusing movie with reality , héctor . héctor all this time I think it be just bad luck . flashback : ext . empty STREET héctor 's suitcase be open . a hand reach in to take the songbook . héctor I never think that you might have ... that you ... back to : int . do LA cruiz mansion héctor clenches he jaw . then he bound at de la Cruz , tackle he to the ground . héctor how could you ?! miguel héctor ! do LA cruz Security ! Security ! miguel watch as héctor and ernesto scuffle on the floor . 96 . héctor you take everything away from I ! Security guard rush in to pull héctor off ernesto . héctor struggle , but it 's no use . héctor you rat ! do LA cruz have he take care of . he 's not well . the guard drag héctor through a wide doorway . héctor I just want to go back home ! no , no , no ! the door slam shut and cut off he shout . miguel be leave alone with de la Cruz . do LA cruz I apologize . where be we ? miguel you be go to give I you bless ... do LA cruz yes . uh ... sí . De la Cruz pull up a marigold petal , but hesitates . do LA cruz miguel , my reputation , it be very important to I . I would hate to have you think ... miguel that you murder héctor ... for he song ? do LA cruz you do not think that . do you ? miguel I -- no ! everyone know you be the ... the good guy . doubt enter miguel 's mind . De la Cruz darken , he place the photo of héctor in he coat pocket , gear turn in he mind . 97 . miguel papá ernesto ? my bless ? De la Cruz crumple the marigold petal . do LA cruz Security ! De la Cruz 's guard appear in the doorway . do LA cruz ( cont 'd ) take care of miguel . he will be extend he stay . the guard grab miguel by the shoulder . miguel what ?! but I be you family ! do LA cruz and héctor be my best friend . miguel go pale . do LA cruz success do not come for free , miguel . you have to be willing to do whatever it take to ... seize you moment . I know you understand . miguel be drag away . miguel no , no ! ext . do LA cruiz tower the guard drag miguel out the back of de la Cruz 's mansion . miguel let go ! they throw he into a cenote , a inescapable sinkhole behind the estate . int . cenote miguel no ! ahhhhhh ! 98 . he fall four storey and splashes into the pool at the bottom of the hole . he break the surface and swim to a stone island in the center . miguel help ! can anyone hear I ? I wanna go home ! miguel collapse on the stone island . his soak hoodie sag off he shoulder . the skeletal transition be almost complete . a moment of silence . he be alone . suddenly , miguel hear a noise . footstep . héctor emerge from the darkness , look beat up . héctor stumble . miguel héctor ? héctor kid ? miguel oh , héctor ! they run to each other . héctor embrace miguel . but miguel be overcome with shame . miguel you be right . I should have go back to my family -- héctor try to calm he but miguel be shaking . héctor hey -- hey , hey ... miguel they tell I not to be like de la Cruz , but I do not listen -- héctor hey , it 's okay ... miguel I tell they I do not care if they remember I . I do not care if I be on they stupid ofrenda . héctor hold miguel to he chest . miguel be tense . 99 . héctor hey , chamaco , it 's okay . it 's okay . miguel I tell they I do not care . suddenly , a golden flicker flutter through héctor 's bone , and he fall to he knee . héctor hhuuh ! miguel héctor ! héctor -- héctor she 's ... forget I . miguel look at héctor with concern . miguel who ? héctor my daughter ... miguel she 's the reason you want to cross the bridge ... héctor I just want to see she again ... ( beat ) I never should have leave Santa cecilia . I wish I could apologize . I wish I could tell she that she papá be try to come home . that he love she so much . ( beat ) my Coco ... a chill run through miguel . miguel Coco ? miguel reach into he hoodie and pull out the photo of imelda , Coco , and the faceless musician . miguel show the photo to héctor . héctor be confuse ; it 's like he 's see a ghost . 100 . héctor where ... where do you get this ? miguel that 's my mamá Coco . that 's my mamá imelda . be that ... you ? gear turn in both of they head . héctor we be ... héctor miguel ... family ? ... family ? héctor be as shocked as miguel . he look at he great- great grandson . he look to the photo , touch the image of baby Coco , and he become sadden . héctor I always hope I would see she again . that she would miss I ... maybe put up my photo . but it never happen . ( beat ) you know the worst part ? ( beat ) even if I never get to see Coco in the live world ... I think at least one day I would see she here . give she the biggest hug ... ( beat ) but she 's the last person who remember I . the moment she 's go from the live world ... miguel you disappear ... from this one . you will never get to see she ... héctor ... ever again . héctor be quiet for a moment . héctor you know , I write she a song once . we use to sing it every night at the same time , no matter how far apart we be . what I would not give to sing it to she ... one last time . 101 . héctor sing softly , plaintively . dissolve to : flashback : int . young coco's bedroom - day héctor ( sing ) remember I though I have to say goodbye remember I don't let it make you cry for even if I 'm far away I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you each night we be apart remember I young coco ( giggle ) papá ! héctor ( sing ) though I have to TRAVEL far remember I each time you hear a sad guitar Father and daughter sing the song together . héctor young coco ( sing ) ( sing ) know that i'm with you know that i'm with you the only way that I can be the only way that I can be until you 're in my arm again until you 're in my arm again remember I remember I fade to : int . cenote the echo of héctor 's song fade to silence . miguel he steal you guitar ... he steal you song ... ( beat ) ( more ) 102 . miguel ( cont 'd ) you should be the one the world remember , not de la Cruz ! héctor I do not write " remember I " for the world ... I write it for Coco . I be a pretty sorry excuse for a great - great grandpa . miguel be you kid ? a minute ago I think I be related to a murderer . you be a total upgrade ! héctor do not smile . miguel kneel close . miguel my whole life , there 's be something that make I different ... and I never know where it come from . ( beat ) but now I know . it come from you . ( beat ) I be proud we be family ! miguel look up defiantly at the hole in the cenote . miguel ( cont 'd ) I be proud to be he family ! trrrrrai-hay-hay-hay-haaay ! héctor perk up . héctor trrrrrraaaaai -haaai-haaaaay ! I be proud to be he family ! they trade off they grito until the cenote echoe with the sound . soon though , the echoe fade . they be still stick . suddenly they hear a distant howling . dante ( o.s ) rooo-rooo-roooooooo ! miguel and héctor look up . miguel Dante ? dante ( o.s. ) ( louder ) roooooo-roo-roo-rooo ! 103 . up at the top of the cenote , Dante poke he head in the open . miguel Dante ! it 's Dante ! Dante pants and wag he tail happily . behind he pepita peek down through the hole and give a powerful roar . pepita 's call shake the cavern . she lower she head to reveal mamá imelda riding atop she . miguel and mamá imelda laugh with joy . until she gaze fall upon héctor . héctor imelda ! mamá imelda ( icy ) héctor . héctor you look good ... ext . cenote - moment later pepita fly out of the cenote ; imelda , héctor , miguel , and Dante ride on she back . she ascend above the cloud . ext . night sky miguel , wind in he hair , hug Dante fiercely . miguel Dante , you know he be my papá héctor the whole time ! you be a real spirit guide ! ( doggy -praise ) who 's a good spirit guide ? you be ! Dante smile at miguel dumbly . suddenly , before miguel 's eye , neon pattern spread outward from the dog 's paw . Dante begin to freak out . miguel whoa ... a pair of little wing sprout on the dog 's back . he spread they . he jump up to fly ... and plummet beneath the cloud ! miguel Dante ! 104 . but then he 's back up , flap goofily and bark he head off , a full - blow spirit guide ! ext . SMALL plaza pepita fly in , landing in a small plaza where the other riveras wait . papá julio look , there they be ! the Dead riveras come rush up . family miguel ! / miguelito ! / ay , gracias a dios ! / it 's miguel ! / he 's all right ! / oh thank goodness ! / gracias , dios mío ! they dismount from pepita . héctor fall off first but get up and raise he arm to help imelda . she give he a wither stare and dismount without he help . miguel pet Dante and pepita give miguel a big lick . imelda round pepita 's shoulder and fold miguel into a tight hug . mamá imelda mijo , I be so worried ! thank goodness we find you in time ! imelda 's eye fall on héctor , who hold he hat in he hand sheepishly . mamá imelda and you ! how many time must I turn you away ? héctor imelda -- mamá imelda I want nothing to do with you . not in life , not in death ! ( beat ) I spend decade protect my family from you mistake . he spend five minute with you and I have to fish he out of a sinkhole ! miguel step between imelda and héctor . 105 . miguel I be not in there `cause of héctor . he be in there `cause of I . ( beat ) he be just try to get I home ... I do not wanna listen , but he be right ... nothing be more important than family . mamá imelda look at héctor , shocked to hear the sentiment . miguel ( cont 'd ) I be ready to accept you bless ... and you condition . but first , I need to find de la Cruz . to get héctor 's photo . mamá imelda what ? miguel so he can see Coco again . héctor should be on we ofrenda . he 's part of we family -- mamá imelda he leave this family ! miguel he try to go home to you and Coco ... but de la Cruz murder he ! startle , she look to héctor for confirmation . héctor it 's true , imelda . imelda wrestle with she emotion . mamá imelda and so what if it 's true ? you leave I alone with a child to raise and I be just suppose to forgive you ? héctor imelda , I -- héctor 's body suddenly shimmer , leave he wind . imelda gasp . 106 . miguel héctor ? héctor I be run out of time . it 's Coco ... mamá imelda she 's forget you ... miguel you do not have to forgive he ... but we should not forget he . mamá imelda ( to héctor ) I want to forget you . I want Coco to forget you too , but -- héctor this be my fault , not yours . ( beat ) I be sorry , imelda . mamá imelda , hold in she emotion , turn to miguel . mamá imelda miguel , if we help you get he photo ... you will return home ? no more music ? miguel family come first . mamá imelda consider . she turn to héctor . mamá imelda I -- I can not forgive you . but I will help you . miguel smile . mamá imelda ( to miguel ) so how do we get to de la Cruz ? miguel furrow he brow . miguel I might know a way ... 107 . ext . sunrise spectacular amphitheater - before dawn crowd be congregate at de la Cruz 's sunrise spectacular which take place in a open air amphitheater . they hurry to they seat as the light begin to dim . on stage frida 's performance piece begin . Dramatic symphonic music play as a giant papaya appear to ignite on stage . the " seed " in the body of the papaya unfurl to reveal that they be dancer , each dress like frida kahlo , right down to the paint on unibrow . the dancer roll out of the " flame " papaya and gyrate they body nonsensically . a giant cactus that resemble frida be illuminate , and all the dancer slink to it . in the midst of this , eight familiar look dancer ( the Dead riveras and miguel ) inch they way out of the spotlight and to the wing of the stage . stage wing frida good luck , muchacho . miguel gracias frida ! int . backstage corridor - moment later the Dead riveras congregate in a hide backstage corridor , shed they frida outfit . miguel rip off he unibrow . miguel ow ! Dante have snuck in under tío oscar 's skirt . héctor see that imelda be tangle up in she outfit . héctor here , let I help you with -- mamá imelda do not touch I . the family join together in a huddle . 108 . miguel everyone clear on the plan ? tía victoria find héctor 's photo . papá julio give it to miguel . mamá imelda send miguel home . héctor get you petal ? each family member raise a marigold petal . imelda lead the way out of the corridor . mamá imelda now , we just have to find de la Cruz -- right around the corner be de la Cruz who turn with a smile . do LA cruz yes ? mamá imelda ah ! the family stop in they track , still hide from de la Cruz 's view . it 's just he and imelda . his smile drop . do LA cruz do not I know you ? imelda pull off she shoe and slap de la Cruz across the face with it . mamá imelda that 's for murdering the love of my life ! do LA cruz ( disorient ) who the ? héctor leap out from around the corner . héctor she 's talk about I ! ( to imelda ) I be the love of you life ? 109 . mamá imelda I do not know ! I be still angry at you . do LA cruz héctor ?! how do you -- imelda slap de la Cruz again . mamá imelda and that 's for try to murder my grandson ! do LA cruz grandson ? now miguel leap out of the corridor . miguel she 's talk about I ! De la Cruz see the three of they and put the piece together . do LA cruz you ! wait , you be related to héctor ? miguel see the photo in de la Cruz 's pocket . miguel the photo ! the rest of the riveras emerge from the corridor . outnumber , de la Cruz turn and run . mamá imelda after he ! int . below stage De la Cruz knock over a group of giant sugar skull dancer . he emerge at a full sprint to where he rise platform be set up . do LA cruz Security ! ayúdenme ! the riveras flood out after he . héctor jog next to imelda . héctor you say " love of you life ... " 110 . mamá imelda I do not know what I say ! miguel that 's what I hear ... a brawl ensue between the family and the guard . De la Cruz run to a stage door . stagehand place , señor , you be on in 30 second ! De la Cruz shove the stagehand out of the way . as security guard try to wrangle the riveras , imelda reach de la Cruz and get she hand on héctor 's photo . De la Cruz scuffles with she to get it back , when miguel tackle de la Cruz to the ground . De la Cruz lose he grip ; imelda tumble backward , photo in hand . mamá imelda miguel ! I have it ! miguel turn toward imelda but be chase by guard . suddenly , imelda rise into the air . she be on de la Cruz 's rise platform ! she be lift through the ceiling and up to the stage . De la Cruz hurry up the stair after she . miguel be detain by a security guard when Dante fly in and knock the guard 's head clean off . miguel , héctor , tía Victoria , and tía rosita hurry up the stair after de la Cruz . miguel hurry , come on ! papá julio , tío oscar , and tío felipe block the guard from follow the other . on stage announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentleman ... the one , the only ... ernesto do LA cruz ! 111 . the platform rise onto the stage and the spotlight fall on imelda . neon letter blast brightly behind she , spelling " ernesto ! " the audience burst into applause ! crowd member nesto ! imelda appear onscreen for all to see . stage wing right De la Cruz rush up a staircase and arrive in the wing . he get the attention of he guard and point to imelda . do LA cruz get she off the stage ! his guard hustle onto the stage , scale the set to get to she . stage wing left miguel , héctor , Victoria , and rosita emerge to see imelda spotlit above they . on stage De la Cruz 's guard begin to approach imelda . she be freeze , unable to move . miguel ( o.s. ) sing ! mamá imelda look down and see miguel in the wing . miguel ( cont 'd ) sing ! imelda , see that the guard be approach , close she eye , grasp the mic , and follow miguel 's instruction . mamá imelda ( sing ) ay do mí , llorona llorona do azul celeste ... 112 . stage wing left héctor 's mouth gape open . tía Victoria and tía rosita go wide - eye . miguel set héctor up with a guitar , then adjust a mic stand in front of he . héctor play the guitar , its sound amplify through the stage speaker . on stage mamá imelda ay do mí , llorona llorona do azul celeste ... the guard reach the edge of she spotlight but stop short , not want to interrupt the performance . imelda take the spotlight with she as she descend the on stage staircase . as she come down , she make eye contact with she husband in the wing . he smile as he accompany she . imelda 's eye glint , touch to see he support she . mamá imelda y aunque LA vida I cueste , llorona , no dejaré do quererte . no dejaré do quererte ! as héctor accompany imelda , she become more confident . the audience begin to clap . De la Cruz grunt in frustration . soon , the stage conductor join with more instrumentation , which kick into high gear . mamá imelda I subí al pino más alto , llorona , a ver SI te divisaba . she double down on she performance , take the spotlight with she as she move to put distance between she and the guard . imelda continue to vamp , try to navigate away from the guard and toward she family . one guard block she way , but she grab he and force he to dance . scare of the spotlight , he run away . mamá imelda como EL pino era tierno , llorona al verme llorar , lloraba . ( more ) 113. mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) ay do mí , llorona , llorona , llorona do azul celeste ... she head to leave the stage when she be stop by a hand on she wrist . a voice join she in harmony , the spotlight widen to reveal ernesto de la Cruz sing too . the crowd go wild . do LA cruz / mamá imelda ay do mí , llorona , llorona llorona do azul celeste ... he dance imelda around the stage , all the while try to get to héctor 's photo . do LA cruz / mamá imelda y aunque LA vida I cueste , llorona , no dejaré do quererte . do LA cruz y aunque LA vida I cueste , llorona , no dejaré do quererte . no dejaré do quererte ! mamá imelda let go of I ! do LA cruz no dejaré do quererte ! ... ay , ay , ay ! at the finale of the song , imelda stomp she heel into de la Cruz 's foot on he high note , cause he to let she go . she run off stage with the photo . backstage imelda arrive off stage and , somewhat high on adrenaline , she embrace héctor . mamá imelda I forget what that feel like . héctor be take by surprise . imelda , realize the impropriety , pull away from he awkwardly . héctor you ... still get it . they smile at each other , soften . miguel , off to the side , clear he throat . 114 . miguel ahem . mamá imelda oh ! imelda , now remind , give miguel the photo . she pull out she petal . mamá imelda miguel , I give you my bless . the petal glow . mamá imelda ( cont 'd ) to go home ... to put up we photo ... ( beat ) and to never ... miguel look slightly sadden , anticipate the condition . miguel never play music again ... imelda smile . mamá imelda to never ... forget how much you family love you . the petal surge . miguel brighten , touch . héctor you be go home . do LA cruz you be not go anywhere ! suddenly miguel be yank away from he great- great grandparent by de la Cruz . De la Cruz have grab miguel by the scruff of he hoodie . imelda lunge at de la Cruz , but he push she to the floor . héctor imelda -- De la Cruz drag miguel away as he family encroach . do LA cruz stay back ! stay back . all of you ! 115 . De la Cruz drag miguel further and further back on the stage . do LA cruz stay back ! not one more step . Dante growl and try to grab miguel . miguel Dante ! De la Cruz pull miguel away , closer to the ledge of the building . héctor struggle but continue pursue de la Cruz . héctor ( wind ) ernesto , stop ! leave the boy alone ! héctor stumble , shimmer like before . he fall to the ground . do LA cruz I have work too hard , héctor ... too hard to let he destroy everything ... in the stage wing , tía rosita commandeer one of the camera and point it toward de la Cruz . tía Victoria sidle up to a control board and push a volume dial up . héctor he 's a live child , ernesto ! do LA cruz he 's a threat ! CUT to : stadium the image of de la Cruz hold miguel hostage be project on the stadium screen , the audience fall to a hush as they watch . back to : 116 . backstage miguel struggle against de la Cruz . do LA cruz you think I would let he go back to the land of the live with you photo ? to keep you memory alive ? ( beat ) no . miguel you be a coward ! do LA cruz I be ernesto de la Cruz , the great musician of all time ! miguel héctor 's the real musician , you be just the guy who murder he and steal he song ! CUT to : stadium the crowd be gobsmack by what they be hearing . crowd murder ? back to : backstage do LA cruz I be the one who be willing to do what it take to seize my moment ... ( darken ) whatever it take . suddenly , de la Cruz throw miguel off of the structure . miguel ahhh ! héctor no ! the family run to the ledge , horrify . 117 . tío oscar / tío felipe miguel ! mamá imelda miguel ! CUT to : stadium the audience gasp . some shriek . back to : backstage De la Cruz cross from the ledge , past héctor , who remain collapse on the floor , breathless . do LA cruz apology old friend , but the show must go on ... CUT to : miguel be in free fall , the photo still in he hand . as the wind whip against he face , he hear a faint howling . Dante slice downward through the air , catch miguel 's shirt in he tooth , and open he wing . he and miguel jerk upward , but the photo fall from miguel 's hand and be go from sight . miguel and Dante twist in the air , Dante try to slow they decent but the two of they be too heavy . miguel 's shirt rip and Dante lose he . miguel plummet toward the base of the tower . suddenly pepita fly in and scoops up miguel . Dante follow close behind . miguel look over the side of pepita down towards the water . the photo be lose . back to : backstage De la Cruz step up to the curtain , slick back he hair , and emerge to he audience . 118. on stage De la Cruz be find by a spotlight . do LA cruz ha ha ! he be meet with boo . he look confuse . crowd boo! murderer ! do LA cruz please , please , mis familia ... audience member get off the stage ! more boo . De la Cruz try to kick up the orchestra . do LA cruz orchestra ! a-one-a-two-a-one -- the conductor snap he baton . more boo . do LA cruz ( sing ) remember I , though I have to -- ( beat ) hey !-- the crowd pelt de la Cruz with fruit and offering . crowd member look ! crowd member point up to the screen . pepita rise above the ledge with miguel on she back . miguel slide off she wing and run to he family . crowd member he 's alright ! the crowd cheer . there be sigh of relief . De la Cruz , see this play out on screen , realize he backstage treachery have be project to the whole world . he watch horrify as the image of pepita grow larger and larger on the screen as she prowl past the camera . De la Cruz begin to back up just as pepita emerge through the curtain , eye lock on he . 119 . do LA cruz Nice kitty ... suddenly pepita head - butt de la Cruz and lift he into the sky , fling the singer in the air like a kitten play with a ball of yarn . do LA cruz aaahhhh ! put I down ! no , please ! I beg of you , stop ! stop ! no ! she swing he around to gain momentum , then throw he over the audience . do LA cruz no ! aaahhh ! he fly out of the stadium , hit a giant church bell in the distance . the stadium erupt in cheer . in the midst of the cheer , a unsuspecting crowd member return from concession . crowd member what do I miss ? back to : back stage miguel be surround by family , safe . he hug Dante . miguel good boy , Dante . imelda run to miguel and embrace he . mamá imelda miguel ! behind they , héctor struggle to get to he foot but stumble with a flicker . miguel run to support he . miguel héctor ! the photo , I lose it ... héctor it 's okay , mijo . it 's -- suddenly héctor suffer he most violent flicker yet . he collapse . miguel kneel by he . 120 . miguel héctor ! héctor ?! héctor can barely move he limb . héctor Coco ... miguel no ! we can still find the photo ... mamá imelda look to the horizon , the first ray of sunlight peek over . mamá imelda miguel , it 's almost sunrise ! miguel no , no , no , I can not leave you . I promise I would put you photo up . I promise you would see Coco ! héctor look at miguel . the skeletal transformation be creep in on the edge of miguel 's face . he 's almost full skeleton now . héctor we be both out of time , mijo . the shimmer of héctor 's bone advance . miguel no , no ... she can not forget you ! héctor I just want she to know that I love she . héctor muster the strength to grab the marigold petal . miguel héctor -- héctor you have we bless , miguel . mamá imelda no condition . the petal glow . héctor struggle to lift the petal to miguel . mamá imelda take he hand in hers . 121. miguel no , papá héctor , please ! imelda and héctor move they join hand toward miguel 's chest . miguel no ... héctor 's eyelid begin to close . héctor go home ... miguel I promise I will not let Coco forget you ! aaahh !-- whoooosh ! a whirlwind of marigold petal , and everything go white . fade in : int . do LA cruiz mausoleum - sunrise miguel find himself back in de la Cruz 's tomb . daze , he look through the window ; day have break . on the floor be the skull guitar . miguel grab it . he exit the tomb and take off out of the cemetery . ext . plaza miguel race through the plaza , past the statue of de la Cruz . miguel race through the street towards home . he blow right past he tío berto snore and primo abel sleep on a bench . tío berto ( jolting awake ) there he be ! abel fall off the bench . papá come from around a corner as miguel be run . papá miguel !? stop ! 122. ext . rivera compound miguel round the corner and follow the trail of marigold through the front gate . he run for mamá Coco 's bedroom . just as he make it to the doorway , abuelita step up and block he . abuelita where have you be ?! miguel ah ! I need to see mamá Coco , please -- abuelita spy the guitar in miguel 's hand . abuelita what be you do with that ? give it to I ! miguel push past abuelita , and slam the door shut . abuelita miguel ! stop ! miguel ! miguel ! miguel ! miguel ! int . mamá coco's room miguel lock the door and go up to mamá Coco . she stare into space , eye completely vacant . miguel mamá Coco ? can you hear I ? it 's miguel . miguel look into she eye . miguel ( cont 'd ) I see you papá . remember ? papá ? please -- if you forget he , he will be go ... forever ! she do not respond . miguel 's father bang on the door . papá ( o.s. ) miguel , open this door ! miguel show she the guitar . 123. miguel here -- this be he guitar , right ? he use to play it to you ? see , there he be . still nothing . her eye be glaze . miguel ( cont 'd ) papá , remember ? papá ? mamá Coco stare forward , as if miguel be not even there . papá ( o.s. ) miguel ! miguel mamá Coco , please , do not forget he . with a rattle of key , the door fly open . the family pour in . abuelita what be you do to that poor woman ? abuelita brushes miguel aside to comfort she mother . abuelita it 's okay , mamita , it 's okay . papá what 's get into you ? miguel look down , defeat . tear drip off he nose . papá 's anger give way to relief . he embrace he son . papá I think I would lose you , migue ... miguel I be sorry , papá . mamá step forward . mamá we be all together now , that 's what matter . miguel not all of we ... abuelita return from consol mamá Coco . 124 . abuelita it 's okay , mamita . ( beat ) miguel , you apologize to you mamá Coco ! miguel look at mamá Coco and approach she . miguel mamá Coco ... his toe accidentally tap against héctor 's skull guitar , a soft hollow ringing resonate . abuelita well ? apologize . he come to a realization . miguel mamá Coco ? you papá -- he want you to have this . he pick up the guitar . abuelita step forward to intervene but papá place a hand on she shoulder . papá mamá , wait -- miguel start to sing " remember I " the way héctor sing it ... softly , from the heart . miguel ( sing ) remember I though I have to say goodbye remember I don't let it make you cry mamá look ... the glimmer in the mamá Coco 's eye grow brighter with every note . memories flood in , fill the vacancy of she expression with life . her cheek soften and plump . her lip arc into a smile . miguel for even if I 'm far away , I hold you in my heart I sing a secret song to you each night we be apart ( more ) 125 . miguel ( cont 'd ) remember I though I have to TRAVEL far miguel sing gently , with love . mamá Coco 's brow slope up , delighted . the song seem to bring she back to life . abuelita can not speak . none of they can . brimming , mamá Coco join miguel in song -- she voice scratchy with age , he clear with youth . mama coco miguel remember I remember I each time you hear a sad each time you hear a sad guitar guitar know that i'm with you know that i'm with you the only way that I can be the only way that I can be until you 're in my arm again until you 're in my arm again remember I . remember I . tear stream down abuelita 's face ; she 's witness a miracle . mamá Coco look to she daughter , and be troubled by she tear . mamá coco Elena ? what 's wrong , mija ? abuelita nothing mamá . nothing at all . mamá Coco turn to miguel . mamá coco my papá use to sing I that song . miguel he love you , mamá Coco . you papá love you so much . a smile spread across mamá Coco 's face . she 's wait a long time to hear that word . she turn to she nightstand , hand shaking . she open a drawer and pull out a notebook . mamá coco I keep ... he letter ... poem he write I ... and ... 126 . mamá Coco leaf through the book to reveal a tear scrap of paper . she hand it to miguel . it 's the miss face from the photo -- héctor 's face . miguel piece the picture back together , finally see héctor as he be in life , a young , handsome man . mamá Coco smile . she find the word slowly , but she speak with fondness and love . mamá coco papá be a musician . when I be a little girl , he and mamá would sing such beautiful song ... the family gather close to listen . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - morning title card : one year later the cemetery be once again fill with family clean off head stone and lay flower . ext . do LA cruiz mausoleum not as many offering this year , not as many fan . no mariachi band . someone have hang a sign " forget you " on the bust of de la Cruz . tour guide ( o.s. ) and right over here , one of Santa cecilia 's great treasure ... ext . rivera workshop the tour guide stand in front of the rivera shoe shop . tourist crowd in , take picture of the skull guitar and frame letter héctor write to Coco . tour guide ( cont 'd ) the home of the esteem songwriter héctor rivera ! the letter héctor write home for he daughter Coco contain the lyric for all of you favorite song , not just " remember I " . 127 . ext . courtyard we travel through the courtyard catch glimpsis of holiday preparation . prima Rosa and primo abel hang papel picado . papá and mamá work on tamale . tío berto sweep the cobblestone as the little cousin play . miguel ( o.s. ) and that man be you papá julio ... int . ofrenda room miguel hold he baby sister socorro ( 10 month ) in he arm and point out all of the family member . miguel ( cont 'd ) ... and there 's tía rosita ... and you tía Victoria ... and that two be oscar and felipe . this be not just old picture -- they be we family -- and they be count on we to remember they . abuelita approach and smile to see she grandson pass on the tradition . then she place a picture frame on the ofrenda , a photo of mamá Coco . she look to miguel who put he arm around she . next to mamá Coco 's picture sit the photo of mamá imelda and héctor , tape back together . restore . cross fade to : ext . marigold grand central station héctor wait in the departure line nervously . miguel ( o.s. ) ( sing ) say that i'm crazy or call I a fool departure agent next ! héctor step up to the monitor . the agent recognize he . héctor chuckle nervously . the monitor scan he . ding ! departure agent enjoy you visit , héctor ! 128. miguel ( o.s. ) ( sing ) but last night it seem that I dream about you héctor 's chest swell . ext . foot of the bridge héctor exit from the marigold Grand Central Station . mamá imelda wait on the cobblestone to greet he . they kiss . then he hear a familiar voice . mamá coco papá ! héctor turn to see he daughter approach . he open he arm to give Coco the biggest hug . héctor Coco ! miguel ( o.s. ) ( sing ) when I opened my mouth what come out be a song and you know every word and we all sang along every moment together be a miracle and he hold Coco like he know it . soon Coco , héctor , and imelda join hand . the petal of the bridge glow as they step forward . the family cross together . miguel ( o.s. ) ( sing ) to a melody played on the string of our soul and a rhythm that rattled US down to the bone our love for each other will live on forever in every beat of my proud corazón Dante and pepita fly through the night sky in the land of the Dead . they alight on the marigold path and bound across into the land of the live . ext . street of santa cecilia 129 . Dante 's shadow be cast against a wall . when he round the corner , he be just a normal xolo dog , no wing or vibrant color . pepita 's shadow loom large , but as she round the corner it shrink to reveal that she be a little alley cat in the land of the live . ext . rivera courtyard they enter the rivera compound . abuelita greet Dante and toss he a sweet treat . in the courtyard , the family be gather as miguel play he guitar and sing . Dante hop up to give he a lick on the cheek . miguel ( sing ) our love for each other will live on forever in every beat of my proud corazón amongst the live riveras be the spirit of they love one , tía rosita , tía Victoria , papá julio , tío oscar and tío felipe , all present and enjoy the reunion . miguel ( sing ) ay MI familia ! oiga MI gente ! canten a coro ! let it be known ... our love for each other will live on forever in every beat of my proud corazón abel and Rosa accompany miguel with instrument of they own . papá cradle miguel 's new baby sister as mamá lean on he shoulder . abuelita listen proudly to she grandchild while the spirit of mamá Coco stand beside , arm around she shoulder . miguel ( sing ) ay MI familia ! oiga I gente ! canten a coro ! let it be known ... our love for each other will live on forever in every beat of my proud corazón 130 . the courtyard be full of riveras , live and dead . héctor and imelda stand arm in arm , listen to miguel play . as miguel sing , the whole family , live and dead , all sing , play and enjoy the music . the whole family , bring together by a song .