code of silence written by Michael butler , Dennis shryack , Mike Gray &amp ; John mason Story by Michael butler &amp ; Dennis shryack shoot draft 1985 ext . chicago - night to dawn thunder north through the glass canyon of the Loop , the elevate train screech through the city awaken . as it race north across the river past ancient factory give way to high rise splendor , light glisten against the dawn , we see the complex business of bring a city to life in the morning . on the near North side a assortment of reveler be wind up they night on the town . the pressmen loiter outside the tribune load dock , and fishing boat be outbound through the Chicago River lock . a streetsweep crew move through the fulton market , Chicago 's central meat and produce distribution center . at the merchandise Mart platform the elevate train pick up two old clean lady wear babushkas . ext . alley - day the el train rumble north past the aging tenement of uptown into the belmont Avenue Station . and down below , a garbage truck be slowly work its way up the alley . a garbage man in city overall whistle to the driver and the truck stop . he roll a can to the grind jaw as the driver sit , tense and alert , scan the street . there 's something odd about this driver . and the garbage man too , for that matter . ext . EL platform - day spider , a nervous look black man , step out onto the platform . as the train pull away we see he reach into he shirt pocket and click he ball point pen a couple of time . he whisper into it . it be a conceal radio transmitter . spider say , hey , cub fan , I hope to hell y'all down there cause we get a big game today . he head for the stair and the street below . int . truck cab - day the truck cab be equip with a police radio . the driver , rich donato , adjust the volume . over the speaker , heavy with static , we can hear the SOUND of the receding EL train . spider ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) the school bus be waitin . donato motion for the garbage man . ext . alley - day eddie cusack jump up on the truck 's run board and stick he head in . on the seat beside donato be a sledgehammer and a saw off automatic rifle . the two man stare at each other as they concentrate on the crackling radio . spider ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) s'happenin , Doc ? doc ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) hey , I get it all right here , my man . jus be waitin on you . spider ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) we be not get far to go . ext . EL station - day doc be at the wheel of a late model cadillac . spider get in and they pull slowly away from the curb . ext . EL station - day at the corner in a beat up pontiac be officer music and brennan . the two rough look detective follow Doc 's car through half close eye . they also hear spider 's transmitter . the quality of the reception improve as spider and he antennae clear the steel support structure of the el platform . doc ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) this early bird shit just be not my style . spider ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) dig it . too close to real work for I . Doc and spider talk in a nervous false bravado . ext . alley - day Eddie nod to donato who grab a walkie-talkie from the seat . donato ( to walkie- talkie ) o.k. Home team . ready in the bullpen . music ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) copy dhortstop . double play . we be with he now . spotter ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) Center 's in . silence . Eddie look at donato . eddie where 's cragie ? ext . cemetery - day two cop be against the wall separate the cemetery from the el. cragie , a weathered twenty - five year veteran ; and nick kosalas , the new kid on the team . cragie sit on a crate with a styrofoam cup of coffee . kosalas be try to maneuver he cup lid off , and still hold on to he walkie-talkie . donato ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) talk to I leave field . kosalas ( to mike ) ready sir . Left field in position . cragie pull a pint of whiskey from he pocket and sweeten he coffee with a healthy shot . he notice kosalas , who have set down the thermos and be nervously move from leg to leg . cragie have a shot , kid . a little nerve tonic . kosalas what 's the matter with you ? cragie grin and raise he cup to drink . his hand shake and he have to steady it with the other . the radio crackle . spotter ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) o.k. , guy , runner on first base . int . spotter apartment - day a spotter , kobas , cover the scene from a abandon building across the street . kobas ( to walkie- talkie ) just turn on paulina . eddie ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) double play , you get he in sight ? music ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) yeah , we get the on he . he 's headin for the alley . ext . alley - day Eddie wrestle another garbage can into the truck 's hopper as Doc 's car cruise slowly past . Eddie and spider lock eye for a split second . the car move on and stop at the far end of the alley . the light switch off . after a moment , spider and Doc leave the car and check out the scene . Doc carry a satchel . doc ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) I say nice and simple now . spider ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) we real cool , Doc . we be frosty . we jus ' doin ' a little business , you know ? ai not no big thing . the two man slip into the back gate of a old tenement . they pass through a gangway to the front of the building , and climb the front stair . though we can no longer see they , we hear a door open , a greet in Spanish , and feet founding up the step . the garbage truck grind forward and halt again . Eddie come up to the cab . he be wear a gun under he overall . he and donato listen on the radio to the conversation come from inside the building . int . comacho front stair - day a muscular latino , pompas comacho , lead spider and Doc down the paint-peel corridor . the SOUND of baby crying and family waking give a sense of teeming humanity behind every door . the latino knock at a door heavily fortify with burglar bar . the door open . the bar be unlock . spider how y'all doin ? voice ( v.o. ) ( from within ) it 's o.k. o.k. como esta ? pompas leave the two man and head down the stair toward the front door . int . comacho apartment - day Doc and spider enter . they be pat down . a sleepy eye latino woman come to stand in the bedroom doorway . victor comacho bark at she in Spanish , and she disappear into the bedroom . ext . alley - day Eddie stand on the run board of the truck with donato at the wheel . they listen to the radio . doc ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) hey , man , we be clean , huh . we be not fool . spider ( v.o. ) you do that real nice , pancho . what say we get marry . Eddie toss a soile rubic 's cube into donato 's lap . eddie found you a present . donato shit , that thing will fuck up you mind . ext . cemetery - day cragie be watch over the wall with he binocular . he look back at kosalas , who be hopping from foot to foot . cragie if you gotta take a leak , do it now . kosalas I can not go wading in with my shlong flap in the wind . cragie sure you can . it 's call diversionary tactic . cragie laugh and swig straight from the bottle . the radio crackle . brennan ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) what 's go on in the ballpark ? donato ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) do not get froggy . wait for the green light . ext . comacho STREET - day a painter 's van pass brennan 's pontiac and park in front of the building half way up the block . int . brennan be car - day Music do not like this . music what the hell be this cat up to ? brennan go to work asshole . what do you think . music at this hour . brennan they get a hardass for a boss . like we . ext . comacho STREET - day as Music and brennan watch from they car , the four painter get out of they truck , unpack they ladder and tool , and begin to carry they equipment into the building next door to the stakeout . int . comacho apartment - day the room be small and bare . a sell de . victor comacho and two cousins , all young and vicious , be sit around a formica table with the two buyer , Doc and spider . the comachos be heavily armed . there be plenty of tension all around , but Doc seem a little more nervous than the rest . this be a enormous buy . Doc have place a bowl satchel full of bundle $ 20' , $ 50' , and $ 100' on the table . Victor be count it rapidly . spider this be better than jukin' Seven - eleven , huh Victor ? victor ( to cousin in Spanish ) this one 's get some ball , huh ? ( to spider ) I do not juke anybody . Victor nod and one of the cousin bring in half a dozen brick -size bundle of cocaine from the next room . Doc slice into one of the bag and with the tip of he knife he drop a bit into a glass vial . he add clear liquid with a eye dropper and it instantly turn purple . doc I say , awright . the royal color . ext . alley - day Eddie 's eye scan the scene as he sort through a garbage can with a stick . int . painter' hallway - day the painter carry they equipment down the long corridor and enter a vacant apartment . a door open in the corridor , and a naked toddler step out . a latino teenager come out to retrieve the child . he see the back of the painter , and carry the toddler back inside . int . painter' apartment - day the painter be not what they seem . work quickly , silently , they open they tool kit and lay out they hardware : machine gun and automatics . tony luna , a barrel - chest italian mobster be run the show and it 's well rehearse . his boy , gus , vito , and eenie move like oile machinery . vito turn on a radio to a latino station to cover the SOUND of they preparation . they remove the whole window from its frame . then they rest a wide plank on the window ledge . Three foot away be the window of the adjacent building and silhouett against the shade we can see the drug deal . luna 'y check they weapon . they put on painter ' mask and goggle . luna okay , by the number . he put on he goggle . ext . alley - day over the idling engine of the garbage truck , Eddie and donato hear the deal go down on the radio . eddie ( to walkie- talkie ) everybody on you toe . music ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) they right field 's clear . that painter be out of the way . eddie ( to walkie- talkie ) what the hell you talk about ? music ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) we get a painting crew of painter just go in the building next door . Eddie look at donato . eddie painter ? that building 's gonna be condemn ! like a coiled spring , Eddie leap from the truck and run for the rear gate , gun in hand . eddie ( shout ) play Ball ! play-fucking-ball ! donato ( to mike ) Home team ! we be goin in ! move it ! move it ! int . painter' apartment - day tony and he man face the window across the gangway . two of they hold saw off double barrel shotgun . tony count it down , and they all fire as one . one giant blast tear into the window . it disintegrate . the four man toss aside they empty gun , and grab other gun . ext . gangway - day Eddie hear the gunfire and hit the wall . he see the glass shower down around he . he vault over the backyard fence and head for the porch stair . ext . cemetery - day kosalas be finally pissing against the wall . kosalas I know it . cragie be use the crate to climb the wall . he be up and over , and fall to the ground on the other side . he 's still try to get to he foot when kosalas come over . they start run , yanking they gun out . int . comacho apartment - day Doc and spider be blow backwards in they chair . one of the cousin have fall across the pile of money and drug . Victor and the other cousin be slump on the floor . the woman in the bedroom be scream . through the jag glass around the window frame , tony 's boy shove a broad plank . ext . gangway - day Three floor up , we see the " painter " rush across the gangway to the other building . ext . comacho back stair - day efren comacho , the heavyweight guard the back door , be distract by the shout and gunfire upstairs . Eddie crash through the door and efren spin just in time to meet Eddie 's blur attack . the struggle on the landing be brief . efren 's size be no match for Eddie 's speed and power . with a grunt he sag to the floor . Eddie leap over he and bound up the step . ext . comacho STREET - day brennan , Music and kobas be now on they way , use park car to cover they advance toward the front door of the comacho building . ext . comacho back stair - day Eddie pass the second floor landing and take a quick look up the porch stair . the door to the second floor apartment start to open behind he . he spin and kick it . there stand a terrify old woman look up the barrel of he gun . eddie ( shout ) Police ! no se mueve ! he spin and bound up the stairway . int . comacho apartment - day the woman be huddle in a corner , still scream . tony come to stand over she , and coldly shoot she . then he rip off he mask and goggle as he boy clear the body and scoop up the drug and money from the table . Victor comacho lie slump against the wall , one side of he face and one shoulder bloody . he appear dead , eye open . but then he blink once . int . comacho back stair - day Eddie have enter the rear of the apartment . he move cautiously forward . int . comacho apartment - day tony and he partner start back over the gangway to the other building . vito be bring up the rear . suddenly Victor comacho come to life . he get off a burst with he automatic . vito catch it in the back . ext . alley - day donato be move down the gangway when vito 's body -- follow by the scaffold plank -- fall from the sky and crash into the pavement right in front of he . int . comacho apartment - day Eddie jump into the live room doorway , gun draw , and take in the carnage . he kick the gun out of Victor 's hand , and bound to the shattered bay window and look down in time to see -- ext . gangway - day donato jump over the break body , run through the gangway toward the front of the building . donato they be goin out the front ! int . comacho apartment - day the bridge to the other building be go , but there be a large drainpipe run down the outside of the building . Eddie climb out on the shattered window sill , and stretch for the pipe . the pipe be just out of reach . push off from the ledge , he jump for the drainpipe , grab it on he way down . ext . drainpipe - day as he slide down three storey . int . painter' hallway - day the painter run down the stair toward the front of the building . ext . comacho STREET - day Music , brennan , and kobas rush the front door of the comacho 's building , and enter . ext . gangway - day Eddie land on he foot and head for the front . ext . alley - day cragie and kosalas brace themselves on each side of the rear door to the painter ' building . cragie be white with fear . kosalas kick in the door . they enter . ext . comacho STREET - day at the front of the building donato emerge from the passageway and he 's meet by a hail of gunfire . he jump back and take a more cautious look . tony luna and Gus make a run for the van . donato step out from between the two building and raise he gun . but he have not see eenie , just come out of the building next door . eenie fire and donato go down , wounded in the foot . but before eenie can get off another shot -- -- Eddie leap from the gangway and drop eenie with a burst from he automatic . ext . comacho STREET - day luna pull out peeling rubber , but he 's nearly surround . squad car have pull in block both end of the street . another squad car screech to a halt and both officer jump out and start fire . luna hit the fender of the squad car head on , knock both officer to the ground . he spin the van around with cop firing from every angle , jump the curb , and roar past the roadblock on the sidewalk with pedestrian leaping in all direction . int . painter ' back stair - day heart pound , cragie lead kosalas blindly up the darken step . int . painter be hall - day a door open behind cragie . he whirl and fire into the darkness . the riddled body of a mexican teenager , eye wide with shock , pitch into the hall . kosalas , down the hallway , hug the wall , petrify . kosalas cragie ?! cragie it 's o.k . I get the sonovabitch . kosalas creep ahead , gun draw , just in time to see cragie pull a small handgun from he pocket and lay it in the boy hand . cragie look up at kosalas and they eye meet . ext . comacho STREET - day luna 's van , it 's windshield shot out , take the first corner on two wheel . behind he the police scramble for they blue and white . half way down the block , the van lurch into a alley . ext . alley - day the van hurtle down the alley , splash through puddle past the load dock of a pack company . park along one side of the end of the alley be a meat truck from the open montage . a load ramp lead to the gape rear door . the thief have do they homework . the luna gang slam up the ramp into the rear of the meat truck . a bee fy compatriot in a blood stain butcher 's smock pull several side of beef along the rail and into the truck . with the van conceal , the line of police car roar splash by . int . painter be hall - day cragie , kneel over the body , look at kosalas eyeball to eyeball . scream come from within the boy 's apartment . cragie ( yell into the apartment ) Police ! stay where you be ! they hear footstep pound up the front stair . cragie and kosalas look up . Eddie appear at the front of the hall , gun draw . he see the boy on the hallway floor . he approach cautiously , take in the body , the gun , cragie sit against the wall , and the distraught kosalas who stand transfix by the dead kid . Eddie go to kosalas . eddie take it easy , kosalas . cragie the kid do not dust he . I do . Eddie look at cragie . cragie him or I , sarge . ( pause ) the kid see the whole thing . both Eddie and cragie look at kosalas . cragie tell he , Nick . it almost sound like a order . kosalas look like he 's go to be sick . kosalas ( softly ) yeah , that 's how it go down . eddie ( pause ) stay here . ( to cragie ) take care of you partner . Eddie walk away . ext . gangway - day the gangway be now fill with squad car , ambulance , and cop . as the paramedics walk Victor comacho to the ambulance , bloody , bandage , but very much alive , he and Eddie lock eye for a brief instant . several ferocious look comacho relative have be allow inside the police line . one of they step close to Victor . victor ( to relative ) call Luis . the lab technician arrive . the throng of streetwise punk and horrify commuter be across a roped off area . kobas get this people back out of here , wouldja . int . painter be hall - day kosalas and cragie be still with the body . the corridor be block off by uniform patrolmen . kosalas be shakey . cragie be try to calm he down . cragie look , it 's no big thing , kid . a friggin ' dog and pony show . some dumb ass question by dumb ass bureaucrat . " when 's the last time you be at the range ? " crap like that . kosalas look . it be a fuckin ' accident . why can not you just be -- cragie ( stiffen ) you bear yesterday ?! this be not cop . they will roast we ass just cause we carry a badge . both of us. ( menace ) we stick together on this , kid . we be partner , right ? kosalas nod . ext . gangway - day donato sit on the ground as two paramedics work on he foot . Eddie crouch beside he as one medic cut away donato 's ankle boot . donato aw man , do not do that . you know how much this thing cost ? he gasp as they draw the boot off . donato grab for Eddie 's hand , and squeeze against the pain . donato Eddie . scam this . a bait shop . worm , minnow . do not even need real worm . storage problem . get that rubber one , you know ? eddie yeah , what about the winter ? donato we winter in Florida . rubber neck the beach bunny . aw , look at that . ruine my brand new fence climber . Hand make in Italy . someone point Eddie out to partida , a attractive , no - nonsense woman , who head for he . donato see partida come . donato oh , fuck , partida . I be gonna tell she you shot I . the resentment the other cop feel against partida be readily apparent . partida cusack . you be in charge here ? eddie do it look like it ? partida look at the cover body nearby . partida ( to donato ) and you be a principal in one of the shooting ? Eddie nod . donato ow ! a goddamn Dr. jekyll ! Eddie smile at donato , who with he good foot , kick at the medic bandage the wound . partida where 's the officer who be involved in the other shoot ? eddie ( point ) third floor rear . as partida head for the building , another suite civilian come over to meet she . the civilian escort a mexican grandmother . the old lady be agitate , jabber in Spanish and point at the cop . Eddie see this , and then be pull away as he help one of the medic lift donato and carry he to the ambulance . Eddie help donato into the ambulance . eddie catch you later , hopalong . int . headquarters - day the two comacho lookout who survive the raid , efren and pompas , have be bring in for question . the interrogation be take place in a small room . officer brennan and Music be here with Eddie . the comachos sit silent as stone . music ( to efren ) you know that , efren . when you big bad brother Luis get the word , you ass be freeze dry and fry . efren stare ahead . Music look at Eddie who be fiddling with the rubic 's cube , to little success . brennan take Music 's place . he kick pompas ' chair hard . brennan talk you hemorrhoid ! pompas ( in Spanish ) you mother fuck dog in the street . brennan you wanna tune - up ? hey sarge , you know why a comacho 's like a cue -ball ? Cause the harder you hit them , the better they English get . it 's not a joke , but a threat . pompas spit at brennan . brennan be enraged , but Eddie push he back with a hand . Eddie face the comachos . eddie we be jerk off here . Eddie go out the door . int . headquarters hall - day as Eddie emerge , he bump into the camacho 's lawyer sanchez ; thirty - eight , well dress , smooth as silk . sanchez see the tableau in the room . as cusack walk down the hall the attorney follow he . sanchez let 's cut the shit , cusack . Eddie ignore he . sanchez option 1 : you can send they downtown . if judge Collins do not get laid last night , you can probably get he to arraign my client for loitering in they own hallway . he will set bail . I will take care of it . option 2 : release they here and now and we will call it a day . ( pause ) up to you . eddie I like to see you earn you money . sanchez back off . we follow Eddie down the hall . int . kate ' office - day the head of Area four , commander kate , be grill cragie and kosalas . cragie we come up the back stair . we start cleanin ' the hallway when the decease pop out of a doorway with a 25 automatic . I tell he to drop it , but he 's comin . we have no choice . kosalas here see the whole thing . kate turn to kosalas . kate do you ? kosalas look haggard . kosalas I be on another doorway ... kate but you see the action ? kosalas I see he fall . kate and the kid be armed ? kosalas that 's the way it go down . kate and you see the weapon ? kosalas ( nod ) yes sir . I see it in he hand . kate o.k. ( sign document ) cragie , you will be assign to headquarters until the hearing -- cragie hear ? who call for a hearing ? the little fuck try to shoot I in the back ! Eddie enter . kate look up from he desk . kate Ms. partida -- cragie that piece of shit ! kate shut -up , cragie . ( pause ) partida have demand a formal hearing . you will be under oath so the department will provide you with a lawyer unless you have get you own . ( stand ) a ops Review board member be wait to talk to you . do not sound like you get anything to worry about . cragie get up . kosalas , sit through this interview in stunne silence stand also . kate kosalas , you work with cusack until this be over . kosalas yes sir . kosalas and cragie exit . eddie I be not get no time to nursmaid a rookie . I do not need a partner . kate ( explode ) you right ! you do not need a partner ! you need a goddamn keeper ! ( slam fist on desk ) Jesus Christ ! how do I explain this one upstairs ? ( stand ) we give you 600 man-hour , you take a month plan the damn thing , and what have you get to show for it ? nine body ? a dead informant ? one of my best man shot ! for Christ 's sake ! ( stare at ceiling ) you be go to have I back on a beat busting pervert in the park . kate sit , sigh , suddenly tired . eddie we get a bigger problem . this comachos be not gonna take this lie down . the animal be out of the cage . kate just what I need . a goddman war . Eddie turn to leave . kate keep track of this business with cragie ? eddie yeah . the phone ring . kate I will deal with upstairs . Eddie start to leave again . kate pick up the phone , and put a hand over the mouthpiece . kate just get I some answer , huh . eddie that 's my job . Eddie exit . int . headquarters office - day kosalas , without a attorney , be be interview by partida . a court stenographer be silently type . partida ... you have the right to remain silent . you have the right to have a attorney present at all time . anything you say may be use against you in a court of law ... int . eddie be car - day Eddie and kosalas be park on a airport access road , watch private plane land and take off . Eddie 's car , a five - year old chevy , be wreckage . the quarter panel be rusted , the radio antenna be a coathanger , and when kosalas push a tape into the cassette player , the windshield wiper start move . kosalas pop the cassette out , the windshield wiper stop ; he throw the cassette into the glove compartment . but now he can not get the door to stay close . eddie I be go to have to fix that . Eddie have to shout to be hear over the sound of a airplane pass directly overhead . Eddie glance at kosalas who look uncomfortable . eddie you know , it 's kind of interesting . that 16 year old in the hallway with the gun ? partida tell I he do not have a record . the kid 's never be arrest . kosalas yeah , well , you know , if you read the papers , cop only shoot honor student . sole support of the family and all that . ext . airport - day the airport bristle with corporate jet depart and arrive . tower ( v.o. ) ... lear 9 lima kilo number 2 for landing -- wind south 20 , altimeter two-niner-niner -two ... and now come a mystery jet , wear no company color , banking in over Lake Point Tower and whistling low over the planetarium to a touchdown . the white learjet taxi to a halt at the far end of the field as a undistinguished buick roll down the ramp to meet it . Eddie and kosalas stand by they car , park across the runway from the learjet . the jet 's engine shut down , the door open , and a grim but handsome man emerge . luis comacho , a cruel and uncompromising survivor , have arrive . with he be a incredibly beautiful exotic woman . he be meet by pompas and efren comacho , the two lookout who survive the raid . and Victor comacho , who be wounded in the raid , be here with he shoulder bandage . ext . eddie be car - day from where Eddie and kosalas be stand it be impossible to hear the conversation at the learjet , but it be clear that Luis comacho be upset . they see Luis slap pompas and efren . then he grab Victor by both arm , ignore he wound , and scream at he . kosalas Nice fellow this Luis comacho . donato say they call he the angel-of - death . Victor grimace , in great pain , and he knee buckle . eddie Real sweetheart . int . luna's house - day in the dining room diana luna , a pretty 19 year old , help she 80 year old grandmother theresa decorate a " happy birthday " banner , some red and green crepe paper . molly luna ( o.s. ) now ? diana no ! diana and she grandmother grin at each other . they be do . theresa stand back to admire they work . molly ( o.s. ) now ? diana mama ! a phone ring diana daddy , would you get that ! diana rush into the kitchen and come right out with a birthday cake , and set it on the table next to some present . theresa Bella . diana go to the stair where she mother sit with she hand over she eye . diana keep them close now . she lead she mother to the dining room . diana o.k. , open them . molly luna open she eye . theresa and diana beam . diana kiss she mother who almost cry . diana happy birthday , momma . theresa ( in italian ) happy birthday , Molly . diana hand Molly a card from the table . Molly start to open it . tony luna burst in from another room . tony luna Molly ! pack I a bag ! Quick ! ok ? c'mon I be in a hurry ! Molly head for the stair , leave behind the half open card . molly but tony , why ...? tony luna Business ! c'mon , move . do what I tell you ! Molly go upstairs . diana be piss . diana do not do it , momma ! make he pack he own bag . tony luna I be not get time to put up with you bullshit today . tony go to the phone , dial , get a busy signal , and slam it down . theresa sit down watch sadly . diana go to stand in front of she father . diana listen goddammit ! it 's momma 's birthday ! she deserve better and this ! tony sort through the closet look for a jacket . gamiani come in puffing with a clumsily wrap present under he arm . gamiani hey , tony . what 's shaking ? sorry I be late . I get stick on wacker . some spook ... tony luna Victor comacho be alive . gamiani oh sweet Jesus . diana be really angry at she father ignore she . diana you can not go now . tony luna shut up ! he slap she . she slap he back , turn , grab she purse , and run out . tony watch she go and turn to gamiani . tony luna put someone on the house . and you keep a eye on she . he nod out the door . gamiani you get it , tony . what about you uncle ? tony luna what Felix do not know do not hurt he . Molly come down with the bag . tony take it from she and start out the door . suddenly he turn back , snatch gamiani 's present from he hand , and thrust it at he wife . tony luna here . happy birthday . tony rush out the door . gamiani go to the phone . Molly be leave alone in the doorway . ext . eddie' STREET - day Eddie park in front of he apartment building , leave the car , and enter the building . int . eddie be hall - day Dead on he foot , Eddie reach the top of the stair and a object come fly at he out of the shadow . odell , a slim 10 year old black kid , fake a series of karate kick at Eddie . odell bow to you master ! eddie later , odell . it 's be a rough one . odell y ' tellin I ! we all see it on the tv ! woman' voice ( o.s. ) odell ! eddie bow to you master . odell take off . eddie hey , odell . here , make yourself crazy . the kid stop , and Eddie toss he the rubic 's cube . Eddie near he apartment , we hear a male voice singing . int . eddie' apartment - day the door be ajar . Eddie life in a modest apartment . fred pirelli , a great bear of a man , 65 , sing at the top of he lung . he be bent over the space heater , tear it apart . pirelli you look like shit . eddie thanks , pal . pirelli they have a shot on the tube of you guy comin ' out in front of the building . how 's donato ? Eddie collapse on the sofa . eddie piss cause he lose a shoe . ( pause ) Luis comacho be in town . pirelli he will collect himself some scalp before this one 's over . you answer machine be on the fritz again . some woman with a fantastic voice be callin ' about comin ' over this weekend to help you with somthin' , and then the tape go nut . eddie want somthin ' to drink ? pirelli do the Pope shit in the wood ? be a bear Catholic ? odell I too . odell show in the doorway . Eddie get up and the kid toss he the rubic 's cube -- all do . Eddie look at it , and the kid go into the kitchen . eddie I hate smart ass kid . odell laugh . pirelli gonna get down in the 30' tonight . you pilot light be out . Eddie toss the cube into the waste basket and open the refrigerator . eddie I have be tell that more than once . pirelli ( seriously ) so , who you figure pull out the rug ? gypsy ? mob ? Eddie come back into the live room , hand a beer and a soda to odell , and flop back on the sofa with he own beer . eddie somebody know what they be doin ' . they blow the top off a anthill . pirelli reach for he drink and odell hand he the soda . pirelli grab the beer before odell can drink and switch . pirelli I would figure the mob but scalese be not that stupid . ( pause ) hah ! sombody put the valve in backwards . pirelli and odell turn to Eddie who try to look innocent -- but fail . Eddie purposefully study the answer machine on the coffee table in front of he . woman' voice ( o.s. ) odell ! I be not call you again ! odell later , fella . pirelli finish with the heater , and get up . pirelli there . heat . eddie what be the cub final score ? pirelli 8 to 1 . Eddie punch a button on the answer machine . it spew tape across the table . pirelli machine just do not like you . pirelli grab the machine , unplug it , and carry it out the door toward he own apartment . eddie maybe I do not like machine . ext . soldier field - day the machine in question look like a miniature tank . this be the " prowler , " a robot anti-terrorist vehicle that be be maneuver around various obstacle in a demonstration for the city 's law enforcement agency . the " prowler " be amazingly agile . and its bullhorn voice break everybody up . voice ( from speaker ) arretez ! halten Zie ! stop ! do not move ! no se mueve !... the machine 's three video eye , search the crowd independently , give it the appearance of a extra-industrial bug . one camera be mount on a telescoping mast which extend to give it the perspective of a giraffe . the thing seem almost alive . Commander kate be here , lead a contingent of departmental brass . with they be several dozen officer and a gaggle of city councilman . the prowler be be put through its pace by the factory engineer . he control the machine with a pistol - grip device that look like a small tv camera . engineer ... after the gyros be lock , any movement of the hand controller be duplicate by the ' prowler . ' he turn he hand to the right and the prowler , 50 yard away , sweep its turret to the right , aim the twin 30 calibre machinegun at the politician . they move aside . engineer this simple control system mean that even semi-skilled employee can operate the unit with a minimum of training . as they say , " even a child can operate it . " stand with Chief kate , Eddie watch the demonstration with contempt . kate turn to he . kate he 's talk about you , cusack . pay attention . you be all gonna have to be qualified on this . it 's the future . eddie just what the world need , another gun without a brain . kate you be look at the perfect cop . the damn thing follow order . Eddie have see enough . eddie I get better thing to do than play with toy . kate be about to say something when the demonstrator interrupt . engineer if the Commander will pick someone to try and elude ' prowler , ' we can show how we various target acquisition system function . kate point to Eddie , and smile . instantly the turret sweep the horizon and lock on Eddie as he walk across the astro turf . close - up of the prowler 's hand controller . the monitor screen show the crosshair on the back of Eddie 's head . on the screen the digital readout say : locked and tracking . machine ( from speaker ) bang . you be dead . Eddie keep walk , seemingly oblivious to the prowler . suddenly he whirl and duck behind a wall out of the prowler 's sight . he pop up with he gun point at the prowler 's controller . eddie Drop it . the controller , scared shitless , drop the hand control . the prowler die -- the plug pull . Eddie smile at kate , and exit . int . morgue viewing room - day the curtain be draw back from the view window and the comachos see the body of they cousin . Luis be here with pompas , efren , and Victor . they attorney , sanchez , have join they . they be speak Spanish . sanchez ( subtitle ) a war do no good for any of we . it can only make what be bad worse . Luis say nothing . he look through the window at the body . finally he speak . luis ( subtitle ) get they out of here . fix they up . I want they to be beautiful for they mother . he kiss he fingertip and touch the glass . luis ( subtitle ) I promise you , my brother , there will be blood for blood . sanchez sigh . int . morgue hall - day Luis comacho storm out of the room into the corridor follow by the other . Eddie and kosalas be just enter . Victor spot Eddie and turn to Luis . victor ( subtitles ) this be the cop . the comachos slow down . the two group survey each other -- Luis , hatred ooze from he eye . and Eddie , without slow , look the vicious colombian over with cool contempt . Eddie walk by . luis how much do they pay you to set up my brother , pig . Eddie freeze , make a slow turn , and meet Luis ' eye . suddenly Eddie move , faster than anyone else can react to , and he have Luis pin to the wall , choke he . eddie stay off my street , asshole . or I will bite you head off , and shit in you neck . he release Luis just as quickly , and turn to walk out , kosalas back with he , hand on gun . Luis get some air back , and start to scream . luis ( subtitle ) you be meat cop ! Dead meat ! the other comachos have to restrain he . int . morgue examining room - day retired detective hank flannigan run the high - tech morgue where the body be stack on trays like bakery bun . flannigan , a trim , bespectacle Mr. clean , click he false tooth between thought . the body on the exotic lab table be the gunman Eddie shot during the raid . Eddie be here to confirm the identification . his new partner , kosalas , be with he , very uncomfortable in this set . flannigan eenie verona be the gentleman 's name . ( look down ) you do a hell of a job on he . eddie I be motivate . flannigan have already pull verona 's record . he hand it to Eddie who pass it on to kosalas without look at it . kosalas concentrate on the file , uneasy with the dead . flannigan know he ? eddie he 's a punk . punk thief . booster . flannigan look like he graduate . eddie he have a brother - in - law . they be tight . served time together . ganelli... , gagleone ... kosalas gamiani . Eddie look at kosalas who glance up from the report triumphantly . flannigan if I be you , I would sit on he . kosalas you figure he 's connect ? Eddie just smile . flannigan look like you be gonna be busy , cusack . uh , you gonna be use that cub ' ticket ? Eddie reach into he pocket , and toss a ticket to flannigan who grin . int . eddie be car - night Eddie and kosalas cruise the rush Street area at night . they search the neon light crowd on the sidewalk for a glimpse of Lou gamiani . ext . gamiani be STREET - day on a tree-shade block of classic brownstone , the unmark car be park at the corner . int . eddie be car - day Eddie be at the wheel wear a sportscoat and sweater , scan the sport page . kosalas be nervous and chatty , bubbling . he 's still read the record from the morgue . kosalas this ganiani 's a swinger , huh ? eddie he 's just makin ' up for the time he spend in the joint . ext . gamiani be STREET - day lou gamiani , 55 , italian , and huge , come out the front door of a brownstone , and give a perfunctory kiss to he aging " playmate " , who stand in the doorway in a housecoat . gamiani come down the step , and jump into a car . in the car with gamiani , a fat man , tito , be at the wheel . they pull into the street pass the unmark car . ext . NORTH side STREET - day trail gamiani and he partner through the North side neighborhood , they wind up in lincoln Park . with considerable skill kosalas and Eddie manage to stick to they undetected . ext . park - day gamiani and tito park by the botanical garden and stroll past the field of flower into the zoo . Eddie and kosalas follow . kosalas now what ? they sell protection to the bear ? eddie relax kid . ext . child be zoo - day strol among the baby elephant and fuzzy rabbit , the two heavies could not be more out of place . tito have a racing form . Lou , tall enough to see over head , look like a loose gorilla on the prowl . he be search for somebody . surround the incubator fill with hatching chick be a cluster of schoolchild . they be have a ball . Eddie have notice diana , a lovely 19 year old who be in charge of the child . and she have notice gamiani . she 's visibly upset . kosalas ( v.o. ) what 's this ? kinda young for that old fart be not she ? eddie ( v.o. ) just watch , kid . learn . diana leave the child with the zoo lecturer . diana be back in a minute . she cross to the two goons and look up at gamiani . diana what do you want ? lou you papa worry about you . diana get out of here , Lou . leave I alone . gamiani shrug , he pal tito seem embarrassed , but they do not move . int . gorilla house - day the child scream , and lulu , the half - ton baboon fly into frame , swinging down from the artificial branch of a iron tree in the three story central cage . the child clutch at diana in delightful terror . the gorilla , inch away , kiss the thick glass that separate they . lulu swing to the upper branch and sit , arm cross , stare eyeball - to - eyeball at she human counterpart , gamiani . tito eat popcorn . Eddie and kosalas walk behind a mother and child , each hold a balloon . ext . library - day diana be on the front step of the library say good - bye to two of the child from the zoo . she hand they over to they mother , and go up the step into the building . gamiani and tito pull over and park down the street . Eddie come around the corner , and follow she in . int . library hall - day the sign on the door tell we this be the city 's special Education Program office . diana enter the office and confer briefly with another staff member . int . library hall - day through the open door of the special Education Program office , Eddie observe diana chat with she co-worker . int . reading room - day Eddie follow as diana walk through the great hall past long table and out the other door . ext . library - day diana come down the step , wading through the swarm of homebound commuter , and catch a cab . and head and shoulder above the crowd , scan the top of head , be Lou gamiani . tito come around the corner in he car , and pull up to the curb . gamiani jump in , and they take off after diana 's cab . Eddie and kosalas follow in Eddie 's car . ext . apartment build - day diana enter a apartment building . ext . apartment build - day by the time diana exit it be dark . she be with a friend , and both be in some kind of Halloween costume . they catch a cab . ext . party STREET - night the taxi stop in front of a ancient brick loft building . diana and she friend get out and hit the buzzer at a unmark door . the door open and they disappear inside . gamiani 's car cruise past . it pull up at the corner and it 's light switch off . Eddie 's car pull up . Eddie hop out . kosalas slide behind the wheel . int . eddie be car - night Eddie lean down to the open driver window . eddie hold here a second . Eddie go to the back of the car , and kosalas follow he in the rearview mirror , lose sight when Eddie pop open the trunk . kosalas watch the party goer enter the building . there be a tapping at the window . Eddie have don a baseball uniform , match cap , and now carry a baseball bat with a pair of cleat hang from it . eddie keep with gamiani . Eddie toss the key back to kosalas , and head to the building . kosalas call to he . kosalas bang a few for I . int . party stair - night in the darken stairway Eddie join a group of outrageously dress character . the door at the top of the stair burst open on a punk -funk art student Halloween party . int . party - night a hundred people be jamme into the studio . it feel like the Star Wars saloon . the live musician match the look of the party . the costume be outrageous . everyone be dance . Eddie look the place over . he spot diana . Eddie walk over to she , grab a drink along the way . he sidle up to diana . eddie wanna play ball ? she look he over take in the outfit , the bat . diana be you pitching ? eddie some people say I have get a pretty good inside curve . diana I do not know . you look strictly minor league . she smile . eddie I be Eddie . diana I make it Eddie - the-cop . eddie you have have a lot of experience with cop ? diana all bad . she be angry now , and walk away from he . Eddie watch she go , and be about to follow . he set he drink down , and turn to find a girl , luscious as hell , dress like a Frederick 's wet dream , make eye at he . she take he bat , and give it a long , lascivious lick . eddie you will get sliver . he walk by she . int . party back room - night Eddie step over and around a assortment of waste witch and goon out goblin snort line on the coffee table to get to diana who be tensely by herself . he grab she purse . diana hey , what the hell do you think you be do ? eddie I think you know all about cop . you do not put anything up you nose do you ? Eddie search diana 's purse . he find she driver license . eddie diana luna ? ( pause ) you be tony luna 's daughter ? he drop the license into the purse and hand it back to she . she stare he in the eye defiantly . diana I do not know where he be , and I do not really give a shit . ( tired ) when be you people go to realize I do not have anything to do with my father . Eddie try to give she he card . eddie for when you need a friend . she will not take it . diana I have get all the friend I want . Eddie put the card into she purse . eddie but do you have all the friend you need ? she walk away angrily . Eddie watch she leave , and then step over a few of the waste witch to get to the phone on the drug laden coffee table . he dial . eddie ( to phone ) this be sergeant cusack . I want a team to cover a house on the southwest side . ( pause ) l-u-n-a , Anthony . ( pause ) yeah . crazy tony luna . I do not think he 's around , but if he show up bring he in . the dope-smok party - goer stare at this cop in shock . one of the lady try to casually cover the cocaine with a magazine . Eddie hang up the phone , and push past they to the door . eddie ( nod ) catch you later . he be out the door . int . gym - day several plainclothes officer , some of they woman , stand on either side of the door with they back to the wall , gun at the ready . one of the man reach out and pound on the door . officer Police ! open up ! they rush the door and smash it , shout and scramble into the apartment . kobas ( v.o. ) ( from bullhorn ) awright awright hold it . the instructor , kobas , walk in criticize they style . kobas for Christ 's sake ! you tryin to get you partner kill , Jackson ? this be not the real thing ; only practice . camera pull back to reveal -- int . gym - day the apartment be only a mockup set in the corner of this vast skylit city warehouse . runner race around the track at the perimeter . on the wall be large photo and diagram of the prowler . below the photo be sign - up sheet for the require training session . in another corner be the weight room , the ring , and the workout area . Eddie be here , work out , sparring with a partner who have large padded mit on each hand . int . locker room - day brennan and a couple of buddy approach kosalas as he tie he gym shoe . brennan be carry a petition . he hand it to kosalas and look around the room . he spot another cop . cragie be in the background put on he jacket . brennan ( shout across the room ) hey , mahoney . I want you to help I get some signature on this letter for cragie . brennan look down at kosalas who be hesitate . kosalas look back at cragie . there eye meet . he sign . cragie come by and slap he on the back . cragie Way to go , partner . int . gym - day we see Music talk to several cop work out the exercise machine , and get signature on cragie 's petition . int . gym - day Eddie give he sparring partner , Howard , a furious series of blow , drive he back . they be kickbox . howard let 's try the mitt for awhile . Eddie nod . he see cragie cross the gym and exit . as cragie go out , donato come in on crutch . everybody shout a greeting . Eddie sit down to change glove , and take he footpad off . donato say , partner . eddie how ya do , richie ? donato swing . how 's this ? two g's , we get a sausage and beef stand stand outside wrigley field . you pass the beef , I take the cash . free game . I get a contact downtown . eddie how you gonna watch the game if you be hawk sandwich ? donato never think of that . tv ? hey , I tell you about this nurse I meet ? talk about physical therapy . the sparring partner return , and Eddie go back to practice . donato she 's get this friend just die to meet you . intensive care . Eddie grin . brennan come up to donato , and hand he the petition . donato sign quickly . donato ( to Eddie ) later , partner . Eddie nod to he , concentrate on the sparring . brennan hey , cusack . how about take the glove off long enough to sign this for cragie . eddie this about the hearing ? brennan you bet . eddie I pass . brennan ( angry ) what the fuck 's the matter with you ? eddie he 's burnt , brennan , and you know it . he be a good cop , but he be not now . punch ! Eddie hit the mit so hard that Howard be knock back a couple of step . brennan get off you high horse , cusack . he make a couple of mistake , ok . the guy be a hero . what the fuck do a bunch of civilian know about comin ' up some shithouse stairway day after day , scared outta you short . punch ! with a whirling kick , Eddie knock the mit right out of the Howard 's hand , and across the gym . Eddie turn to face brennan , nose to nose . eddie we be all scared , brennan . cragie should have be off the street a long time ago . he 's gonna hurt somebody else with he bullshit . maybe even you . Eddie go back to punch . brennan storm out . ext . latin STREET - day a funeral cortege make it 's way sedately down the street past the comacho own pool hall . two hearse , a flower car , a limo , and several other car with funeral sticker on they windshield pass bye . the slain comacho cousin from the raid be be escort to the cemetery . Luis comacho be in the limo along with the woman from the airport . int . brennan be car - day brennan and Music be follow the procession . brennan be on the radio . music ( to mike ) the funeral director say they plan on cruisin right past luna 's house . ext . luna's STREET - day tito , one of tony luna 's bodyguard , watch from the step of luna 's porch as a procession of car follow the hearse slowly up the street . at the end of the block , a old man be sell produce to the neighborhood housewive off the tailgate of he truck . they watch the procession in wonder . int . eddie be car - day the cortege pass the unmark car down the block from tony 's house . Eddie be watch . kosalas be with he . kosalas ( to radio ) they be wastin' the show . tony 's not even in town . eddie he will get the word . across the street , we see another bodyguard joint tito on the front step . they stand , arm fold , watch the procession . int . limo - day Luis comacho take a flower and toss it out the window as he cruise past the two goons . they eye lock . tito walk up and grind the flower into the ground with he shoe . ext . luna's STREET - day brennan and Music bring up the rear in they ummark car . int . luna's house - day tito , the body guard , pick up the phone . ext . lake - day at the pay phone next to a lakeside bait shop , tony luna be get the word . he 's worried . luna ( to phone ) what the fuck be you talkin about ? nobody 's gonna touch nothin . just stay put . ( pause ) I give a shit about they fuckin parade ? a floozy slide up next to he , and he put a arm around she waist . luna ( to phone ) they wanna throw flower we can fix it so they be push up daisy . he laugh . the girl join in like she 's suppose to . ext . warehouse - day a tan dodge roll over the rutte scrapyard roadway , bounce toward the immense old warehouse along the river 's edge . the city seem to have abandon this remote industrial area ; giant grain elevator , rusting freighter and vast scrapyard surround we . int . pompas ' car - day pompas and efren comacho drive through the gate and enter the warehouse as the door open for they . int . warehouse - day the car halt in the vast empty chamber . it be quickly surround by member of the comacho family . they begin to unload the car . the trunk be fill with case of heavy ammunition . at the back of the warehouse , other comachos be test fire they weapon . int . luis ' office Luis be direct thing as they be prepare for battle . the weaponry spread on the table be astonish . ext . harbor - day Eddie 's beat up chevy be park beyond the line of yacht toward the end of the pier . Eddie get out of the car . kosalas look worried . kosalas I can back you up . eddie stay by the radio . Eddie walk to the 75 foot steel cruiser tie to the end of the pier . Eddie walk up the gangplank . ext . yacht - day a ape in a suit , rocco , appear . rocco what the hell you doin ' here ? off , asshole . rocco go for Eddie . a couple of quick blow and rocco be in the water . Eddie continue up the gangway to the rear of the boat . ext . yacht - day Eddie find felix ( the rail ) scalese sit on a chaise lounge , read . a beautiful girl lay on she stomach on a deck pad type at a personal computer terminal . scalese look up at Eddie . he be momentarily discombobulate , but recover . scalese ( refer to computer ) the modern age 's answer to the crystal ball . marvelous . if you know how to read it . ( pause ) listen . if you have some extra cash , buy orange . the price be low , and I can promise you the threaten truck strike will be avoid . eddie we talk about a bribe , scalese ? scalese it 's a prediction . another beautiful bikiny girl come by and give scalese a tall cool drink . scalese no . I would not try to bribe Eddie cusack . he drop the name with a smile . Eddie do not react . scalese you be incorruptible . untarnish . I hear they call you stainless steel on the street . I , I think you be a fuckin ' pain in the ass . eddie thanks . scalese ( frown ) it 's not a compliment . eddie I be look for you nephew . scalese tony ? forget it . tony luna 's none of you business . eddie wrong . tony just make himself my business . scalese no he do not . we take care of we own . just like the cop . just like the comachos . you understand . Eddie sit down next to scalese and look he in the eye . eddie he shit on my turf , old man . and I be go to nail he and anybody else tie to he . you understand , Felix ? scalese ( with cool rage ) nobody threaten Felix scalese . eddie ( softly ) it 's not a threat . it 's a prediction . on the shore , kosalas be honk the car horn to get Eddie 's attention . Eddie rise . eddie there 's a shitstorm come . you better get yourself a good umbrella . the girl at the computer terminal watch he leave . ext . yacht - day Eddie walk by as rocco , soaking wet , be pull himself from the water . Eddie push he into the water again . kosalas be still sounding the horn . ext . harbor - day Eddie run toward the car . ext . parking lot - day a body lie in the flower in the service area next to the giant greenhouse . several unmark car and two blue and white be park in the dirt drive as Eddie and kosalas pull up . the cop have roped off the area . Music and brennan be there . Eddie look at the body as Music come over . music tony luna 's bagman . kosalas look at the body . music they call that a columbian necktie . kosalas wince . music they find the manager of tony 's restaurant hang from a hook in he kitchen . look like someone try to carve a canoe out of he . tony 's use car lot on ashland be burn as we speak . the head salesman be a fry zuccini . kosalas oh Jesus . it 's start . Eddie stand to one side . eddie let 's go . ext . luna's STREET - day a kid on a bike make he way up the quiet tree - line street , toss newspaper onto the porch of the block . around the corner at the end of the block , the produce truck start slowly forward . as it turn onto luna 's block , a car pull up behind it and stop , block the street . the produce truck park at the curb in front of the luna house . a neighbor from across the street approach . the front door of luna 's house open , and tito emerge , help tony 's age mother down the step to buy vegetable . int . produce truck - day on the floor near the wheelwell be the dead produce man . ext . luna's STREET - day the rear door of the produce truck swing open . the neighbor , tito , and tony 's mother be instantly kill . from outside three comachos enter the open front door of the luna house . we hear the SOUND of muffled gunfire from inside . int . luna's house - day bit and piece . a shatter orange juice container . egg cooking on the stove . a woman 's vanity . on the floor ; a woman 's leg , a housecoat , slipper . a silhouette of a comacho in the hallway raking one of tony 's guard . a family photo on the mantle which include diana and she father be blasted to bit . ext . luna's back yard - day one of tony 's man try to escape through the back of the house . he be pursue by a comacho who gun he down . ext . luna's STREET - day Luis comacho sit in a car in the next block surveying the scene . the cousin be walk briskly out . they jump in a car and drive off . int . luis ' car - day Luis nod to he driver . they pull away . ext . luna's STREET - day the street be quiet again . next door , a neighbor , wear only he underpant and carry a old pistol , stand tremble in disbelief . ext . lake - day pine reflect in the dapple lake as tony luna row slowly for shore . he tie up at the dock . he 's take he tackle out of the boat when one of he boy come run down to the dock . we can not hear the conversation but we can see tony drop the tackle box and we can hear he scream echo across the water . ext . eddie' STREET - day Eddie run down the rear stair to kosalas ' unmark car . he open the driver 's door , push kosalas across the seat , and get behind the wheel . he peel out . int . unmarked car - day kosalas Music 's at the scene . Eddie pick up the mike . eddie ( to mike ) be there a girl ? late teens . reddish hair . music ( v.o. ) ( on radio ) two male caucasian , two female . one mid-to- late forty . the other a grandmother . with the siren full out , leaning on the horn , he simply put he foot on the floor and send the car into a four wheel drift that slide into a neat u-turn . ext . library - day Eddie leave the car run , and burst through the main entrance flash he badge at the stunne security guard . int . library - day Eddie race through the corridor and read room search , kosalas arrive at he heel . int . library - day gamiani tell diana about she mother and grandmother . int . library - day Three comachos ; pompas , efren , and angel , search for diana . ext . library - day Lou gamiani emerge from the building with diana . she be terrify . he check out the scene , then descend the crowded step and cross the street , keep a sharp lookout . ext . flower shop - day Luis and Victor comacho loiter by the outdoor flower stand next to the library . they watch the activity on the library step . ext . library - day distract for a instant by a cluster of conventioneer , Lou fail to notice the two comachos who have fall in step behind they . he go down with a gasp , almost silently , a knife stick from he back . a comacho grab diana 's arm . she jab he in the eye , and run . diana disappear into the crowd . hysterical citizen scatter in all direction . a woman stand in horror unable to keep from look at gamiani 's body lie on the sidewalk . she scream . Eddie and kosalas come crash out of the entrance of the museum . the girl be not here . Eddie spot a commotion at the end of the block , under the el station . he dash down the step and across the street with traffic screeching to a halt . kosalas flag down a blue and white , and bark for backup , then tear out after Eddie . ext . wabash avenue - day in the shadow of the el track , diana run for she life , racing north on wabash through crowd of shopper with the comachos move relentlessly a half block behind . opposite Marshall field 's , she abruptly cut across traffic and run into a alley between the giant men' and woman 's store . with terror in she eye , diana run , search frantically for a guard , a policeman , somebody with a gun . but the comachos be close in on she . she dive through a revolve door into the building . int . department store - day diana run past the perfume display , notion , and lingerie , and out the randolph Street exit . ext . randolph STREET - day two camachos , who stay on the street , spot she as she leave . Racing through the alley , Eddie spot they run in the next block . ext . lake STREET - day running east on Lake Street , she glance over she shoulder . she do not see they . she duck into the alley . but the comachos round the corner just in time to catch a glimpse of she . ext . alley - day this alley lead to the lower level of Michigan Avenue . she turn back to find the exit block by the comachos . she flee downward . int . lower michigan - day the green flourescent of the " emerald City " give a deathly cast to the underground street as diana round the corner , and collapse against the wall . her heart pound like a frighten deer , she have run as far as she can . pompas comacho and two of he colleague come racing around the corner . they spot she crouch against the wall . she start to scream but angel grab she by the collar and pull she up to he face and she stop , wide - eye with terror as he touch she throat with he knife . pompas come on , chika . we gonna have some fun . you gonna take we to you father . we hear a loud metallic click . we see the barrel of a huge revolver . they wheel to see Eddie crouch , gun draw , in the alley entrance . eddie pompas , you be get to be a fuck pain in the ass . the boy put they hand up , but Eddie do not see the third , samo , come up behind he . angel grab diana by the hair , shield himself , and start back up the stair that lead to the street . eddie let she go , pooch . samo jump Eddie , and the gun go fly . it hit the pavement and bounce off the high curb into the street . in a staggering blur Eddie take out the comachos , kick the last one end over end . but angel and the girl have disappear to the street above . Eddie retrieve he gun and run up the step . ext . state lake EL station - day with a knife at she side , angel comacho lead diana up the step of the old el station . they pass through the turnstyle out onto the platform just as the train pull to in . angel force she onto the train . Eddie come pound up the step and onto the platform just in time to stop the close train door with he foot . int . EL train - day Eddie wedge he way aboard and the train pull out . the passenger look at he like he 's crazy . Eddie work he way through the car toward the rear . angel spot he . knife still in hand , he pull diana from car to car past the terrify passenger until finally he be cornere at the end of the train . angel search frantically for a way out . Eddie enter . diana see he . angel another step , and I take she head off . eddie you do not have the ball . Eddie take another step . diana slam she elbow into angel 's groin , and break free . angel jump back . he break open the rear door and climb out . ext . EL train - day angel climb up the back of the car onto the roof . Eddie 's right behind he . the spectacular pursuit from car to car on the roof of the speed el train be witness by startle second - floor secretary whose desk look directly out at the roof of the pass car . very high angle angel and Eddie 's figure appear as speck , roaring through the canyon of skyscraper . on train roof a low bridge force both man to hug the roof of the train . Eddie recover first and grab angel , pull he down . they roll from side to side on the roof , nearly slip over the side . with a desperate shove , angel break free . Eddie point he gun at he . the train be now over the Chicago River . angel dive into the water . Eddie reholster he gun and dive in after he . int . EL train - day we see diana 's look out the window of the train . she follow Eddie 's decent with she eye . ext . river - day dozen of startle pedestrian line the bridge railing as Eddie swim toward angel , bob in the middle of the stream . a hotdogger in a speedboat be racing up the river and angel be directly in he path . the skipper , show off for he passenger , do not notice he until he hear the sicken thunk under the keel . the boat 's wake be suddenly red with blood . ext . river bank - day Eddie be help from the water by a couple of passersby . he stand there , soaking wet , look around . a crowd be gather . we hear siren in the background . then he spot she . diana be stand on the bridge watch he . ext . bridge - day Eddie walk to diana , and she fold into he arm . he hold she a second . ext . lagoon - day Eddie , now in dry clothes , and diana walk along the lagoon . they talk , argue , and she sit on a bench and cry . Eddie comfort she . diana where be you take I ? eddie downtown first . then I be gonna place you in protective custody . diana the hell you be ! eddie you will be safe -- diana I will take my chance . note : ad lib dialogue throughout scene for possible later use . note : Radio newscast describe the luna killing can be mix with the above dialogue . int . eddie be hall - night Eddie and diana climb the stair . int . pirelli's apartment - night the doorbell buzze repeatedly . pirelli ( shout ) keep you goddamn pants on ! pirelli , pad across the floor in he short , look like a bear call out of hibernation . he have a service revolver in he hand . he peer through the peep hole , then unbolt the door . pirelli this you idea of a social call ? Eddie enter with diana . eddie Fred pirelli , this be diana . diana luna . pirelli react to the name . diana be in a daze , close to shock . pirelli take she and lead she to the couch . pirelli c'mon , kid . let 's get you off you foot . Eddie motion he aside . eddie can you put she up till I find she old man ? pirelli do a bear ...? eddie be I put you on the spot ? pirelli I spend 30 year on the spot . what ever you need . Eddie start to go , and diana react , suddenly frighten . diana Eddie ? eddie I will be right across the hall . I be just gonna clean up . he leave . int . eddie' apartment Eddie fall fully clothed onto the mattress . the phone ring . he roll over in disbelief , stare at the ceiling . it ring , and ring again and again and again . he finally pick it up . int . tavern - night this be the after-hour water hole for the police force and half the cop we have see so far , include cragie , be cluster at the bar or play dart at the back of the room . there be a half a dozen woman there also . Three of they be cop . kosalas be here too . he 's be drink . he lean against the wall talk on the pay phone by the men' room . kosalas ( to phone ) say , Eddie . why don ' you come by and tip a few ? ( pause ) Cause I gotta talk to you . ( pause ) yeah , I know . but we gotta talk . ( pause ) please . ( pause ) yeah , at Mike 's . he hang up and head back to he table , pass Officer Music at the bar . music you oughta crash , man . you have a helluva day . ext . tavern - night two tough look guy be watch the entrance to the bar from a car park across the street . we can hear the noise from the bar . first hood Love it , flash . gonna be a slide . easy in , easy out . second hood just a quick and dirty ? first hood yeah , yeah , nothin to it . you know the drill . they check they weapon . int . tavern - night everybody but kosalas be have a good time . donato , flanke by two girl , foot up on a chair , entertain a small crowd . donato he pick she up on forty -third , and he 's takin ' in . she say , " say , baby . ai not no need for goin ' downtown . " a ' she pull back she skirt . so the dumb shit climb in the back a ' take a piece ... ( start to chuckle ) ... a ' leave the key in the front and lock the two of them in the squad . and he hasta kick out the window see , a ' she start screamin ' , " rape ! rape ! " a ' they charge he with rape a ' every other fuckin ' thing in the book . Internal affair be gonna give he a kayak and a lantern a ' put he out in the lake . a group laugh at the story . there be a stillness at the front door . one of the hood from outside step in . he wear a leather coat . the head at the bar turn . he walk the length of the bar and enter the john . he be obviously out of place in this saloon . nobody have both hand on the bar . the front door open . the other hood step in , walk up to the bar , and order . second hood bartender . gimme a black russian and a courvoisier . the first Hood come out of the bathroom and walk up to the bar . suddenly he whip a saw - off shotgun from under he coat . first hood ( bellow ) yo ! get you hand up motherfucker . this be a ho -- thirty hammer click . thirty gun be draw . the room be freeze . only the jukebox make a sound . the two hood , eye fix on the array of iron point at they , can not even swallow . finally ... second hood ( to partner ) you stupid motherfucker . the cop swarm the hood and in a instant they be on the floor be cuffed and roughly handle . kosalas be at the end of the bar , freeze , he gun still in he holster . ext . tavern - night Eddie get out of he car and head for the front door . int . tavern - night the place be in a uproar -- everybody double up with laughter -- as the two luckless hood , handcuff together , be lie on the filthy tavern floor under a table . they continue to berate each other . Eddie enter . second hood my old lady tol ' I you be fuck up in the head . do I listen ? piece of cake , you say . snap , you say . nothin to it , you say . cop shut up over there . donato spot Eddie and call to he . donato Eddie ! partner ! meet ruthie . Dental hygienist . she 's oral . ruthie giggle . donato and this be ... marlene . she work for a proctologist . marlene swat at he . donato siddown , partner . I get a proposition for you . eddie not now , donato . donato o.k. o.k . but just let I plant two word in you brain . alligator farming . Eddie shake he head and walk to the back of the room where kosalas sit hunch over a drink , the only man in the room not laugh . he look up when Eddie pull over a chair . kosalas beer ? Eddie nod , and kosalas signal the waitress . there be a long beat at kosalas fidget and Eddie wait . kosalas look like I be catch between the rock and the hard place , sarge . Eddie just look at he . kosalas you know I really want to be a good cop , but ... shit . it 's hard enough sometimes just to stay alive . come so easy to you . you get all the fuckin ' answer . I , I be still tryin ' to find the question . Eddie be still silent . kosalas take a swig of he beer , and finally blurt be out . kosalas cragie plant the gun on the kid . just waste he , and then I ... I do not know what to do about the hearing tomorrow ... eddie tell the truth . kosalas see . it 's all so nothin ' for you . if I talk straight every cop on the force will shit on I . if I do not ... cragie get away with murder . eddie and the chance to do it again . next time he might take away a cop . that make any difference ? kosalas he 's my partner . eddie you partner 's sell you out , kosalas . he kill a unarm kid , and now he 's risk you ass to save he own . kosalas it be a mistake . eddie it cost a innocent kid he life . kosalas I know that ! I know that ! he be too loud , and attract attention . kosalas ( softly ) Jesus . I see that kid 's face every time I close my eye . eddie tell them like it be , Nick . I will back you up . Eddie get up and walk away . int . tavern - night the two amateur holdup man be be hustle out to the paddy wagon as Eddie head for the door . someone grab he arm . it 's cragie , a little drunk . cragie Nice to see you out with the boy for a change , sarge . eddie hello , cragie . cragie they tell I my sergeant would not sign for I . you want to tell I why ? eddie you know why . cragie no . tell I . eddie ( gently ) you be a good cop for a lot of year . you have pass you limit now cragie . cragie fuck you . where do you get off ? eddie right about here . Eddie walk out the door . int . eddie be hall - night Eddie buzze the door . pirelli open it . he let Eddie in , scan the hall , and close it . int . pirelli's apartment - night pirelli set down he gun , and pour Eddie a cup of coffee . pirelli she 's havin ' a bad night . gave she a shot of brandy . maybe she will sleep . eddie give liquor to a minor , pirelli ? he turn to leave . eddie I will be back right after the hearing tomorrow , and you can get some sleep then . int . pirelli's apartment - night Eddie crack the door and peek in . diana sit on the bed , a lonely forlorn figure . she look at Eddie , and try a smile that fail . Eddie walk over to sit on the bed next to she . she fall apart , and lie down , on the verge of cry , collapse so that she head rest in Eddie 's lap . they be quiet like that for a moment , she curl into a ball , Eddie stroking she hair . diana what do you do when you do not have anyone ? eddie you find someone . she look up at he . diana could you ... hold I for a while ? Eddie lay on the bed beside she . she curl up in he arm , and close she eye . Eddie 's eye remain open . int . hearing room - day the civilian Review board be in the Office of professional standards . the panel consist of eight civilian . it be a real cross-section of the city of Chicago . Leon partida chair the proceedings . we recognize several face from the open bust . a old mexican woman be on the stand face the panel . cragie sit at a table with he representative , face the official . a female panel member be question the old woman . male panel member how far be you stand from where you grandson be shot , Mrs. murillio ? the question must be translated by a bumbling clerk , the old woman answer in Spanish , then the answer be translate . clerk in the next doorway . four meter . the room be pack . in addition to the police officer , character witness , and friend of the dead kid , there be a dozen reporter . Eddie enter and look over the scene . he nod to donato , sit at the rail with he foot propped up . donato how you doin ' , sarge ? eddie what 's the score ? donato ( nod toward witness ) kid 's grandmother say cragie throw down the pistola . Eddie take a seat . Officer cragie be call back to the witness stand . partida ( to steno ) Officer cragie have already be swear . ( pause ) Officer cragie , you have hear Mrs. murillio 's testimony -- cragie yes , sir . cragie be neat as a pin , humble , cooperative to a fault . partida you have hear she tell this panel that she see you lay the gun in she grandson 's hand . he feign compassion . cragie I be not say the woman would make this up . but there 's no way she could have see anything from where she be stand in a hallway that dark . ( pause ) like you say , she 's the boy 's grandmother . partida if it be dark , Officer , how be you sure vega have a gun ? cragie we be lucky . there be a glint of light , a reflection comin off the barrel of the weapon . ext . eddie be alley - day a carload of comachos , include Luis , cruise down the street and park in the alley next to Eddie 's building . int . ops hall - day the hearing be in recess and the hall be fill with smoker and coffee drinker . Eddie be get a busy signal on the pay phone . donato approach . donato you think he will get a pass ? eddie you hear it all . what do you think ? donato if the hearing be over I would have to put my money on the old lady . ( smile ) but kosalas 's next . my bet 's on cragie . eddie the kid may surprise you . Eddie dial the number again . still a busy signal . int . pirelli's apartment - day pirelli have Eddie 's answer machine plugge in , and be tinkering with the inside . diana come into the live room , toweling she wet hair , just out of the shower , but in she street clothes . int . hearing room - day kosalas be on the witness stand . partida and right after you hear Officer cragie 's gun discharge , what do you do then ? kosalas I immediately advanced down the hall . partida and what do you see ? kosalas the decease , vega , lie on the floor . Officer cragie be check he vital sign . partida what happen then ? kosalas we recover a .25 calibre automatic from the teenager 's right hand . partida do you see that weapon in vega 's hand before Officer cragie fire ? kosalas yes , sir . cragie lean back . a ripple be feel in the crowd . the reaction of the boy 's relative , delay by translation , be one of outrage . partida no more question . as kosalas step down he keep he eye on the floor ahead of he avoid eye contact . Eddie lean back in he seat . a couple of people get up and head for the door . Eddie get to he foot and head for the door . partida hit the gavel . partida I would like to now call sergeant cusack . Eddie halt with he hand on the knob . int . pirelli's apartment - day pirelli work on the answer machine , but the phone be reconnect . diana be look at photograph on the wall . diana you make that uniform look good . pirelli look up . pirelli that good look gorilla next to I be Eddie 's father . better than good cop . kill in the line of duty . ' 71 . ( pause ) another cop shot he . a accident . he go back to the machine . int . eddie be hall - day the comachos come up the stair , lead by Luis . they stop at Eddie 's door . they pull out they gun , and kick the door in . across the hall , pirelli 's door open , and pirelli , hold he pistol step into the hall . the comachos turn and fire , blast pirelli back into he apartment . through the open door we see diana dash across the live room . int . pirelli's apartment - day Luis and he man burst in . diana run for the phone . a comacho take it from she and rip it from the wall . diana be catch by two comachos . int . hearing room - day Eddie be on the witness stand . eddie I can not comment on that . it be over before I get there . partida you be he superior officer , be you not ? eddie cragie 's in my unit , yes . partida do you give the man they various assignment ? eddie I do . partida do you request that officer cragie be on you tac team ? eddie no , I do not . partida lift a document from the table . partida sergeant ... I have here a department document date 24 September , of last year . it be a request by you , to you superior , to have Officer cragie transfer to another unit . be you familiar with this document ? eddie yes . the room listen to every word . partida why do you request he transfer ? eddie maybe 30 year be too long for anyone to look at the city 's gut , Mr. partida . partida what happen to this request ? eddie it be deny . partida lift another document . partida this be a letter of support for Officer cragie . ( hand it to he ) everyone in he unit sign it but you . ( pause ) why ? Eddie glance over the letter and hand it back . eddie I do not agree with what it say . partida be you say you do not believe Officer cragie be fit to work the street of Chicago ? eddie that 's what I be say . int . ops hall - day the reporter be cluster around Eddie as he emerge but he walk past they back to the pay phone . he put in a quarter and dial . frown . the cop in the corridor be pass the word about Eddie 's testimony , discuss it in little cluster . they appearance be frightening . Eddie dial another number . eddie ( to phone ) I just dial 348-6610 , and I get this funny buzz . check the line for I ? thanks . cragie , back up by a couple of buddy , come up to he . brennan seem to I the man 's get he tongue stick to he asshole , cragie . cragie hey , that do not bother he . he 's the fuckin White knight . ( to Eddie ) you wanna take on the whole world by yourself ? now you be gonna get you chance , sarge . they walk down the hall . operator ( v.o. ) ( from phone ) sorry , sir , that number seem to be out of service . I have report it . Eddie drop the phone . int . ops hall - day Eddie race down the hallway past hostile cluster of former friend . ext . eddie be car - day Roaring north on the boulevard without regard to traffic , Eddie speed toward he house in he rattling chevy . int . eddie be car - day Eddie rocket through the red light leaning on he horn . int . eddie be hall - day Eddie run up the stair , and slow when he see odell . the boy be sit on the floor , head in he hand , cry . just past odell , several uniform policeman be stand over pirelli 's body . they step back as Eddie approach . cop he be a friend of yours be not he ? eddie yeah . int . pirelli's apartment - day Eddie hurry to the bedroom and back . he rush out of the apartment . ext . eddie' STREET - day Eddie run for the chevy and peel away from the curb . int . eddie be car - day Eddie be on the radio , speed west on diversey Parkway . eddie ( to mike ) squad , this be 1462 . I need a backup . have 64 and 63 from tac 4 meet I at the billiard parlor on 18th near halsted . questioning suspect . ext . brennan be car - day Music be stand on a streetcorner talk to a couple of hooker . down the street , brennan wait in they unmark car . int . brennan be car - day dispatch ( v.o. ) ( from speaker ) 1463 and 1464 , unit 1462 request assistance at the poolroom on 18th Street near halsted . questioning a suspect . brennan pick up the mike . brennan ( to mike ) ten-four , dispatch . unit 1463 respond . Music return to the car and get in . brennan I could use a cup of coffee . ext . pool hall - day Eddie squeal to a stop , hop out of the car , start for the pool hall . Eddie enter the poolhall . int . pool hall - day the place be busy . everybody in sight be either mean or ugly . Eddie enter and a dozen pair of eye be on he . the pool player not connect with this confrontation take one look at he , hang up they cue , and split . Eddie head for the back of the room . a pair of heavyweight fall in behind he . one of they grab Eddie . heavy hey , you be not get no business back there . eddie I want you opinion I will beat it out of you . Eddie spin with deadly precision and catch they in mid - step and they go down like gut - shot rhino . he head for the rear hallway and everybody clear a path . he step up to the door in back and kick it in . int . pool hall back room - day a startle camacho , degas , look up , straw in hand with a line of coke on a mirror on he desk . eddie where be Luis ? degas get the hell out of here . Eddie grab dega by the hair and start slamm he face into the mirror which shatter with every blow . eddie talk to I , dega , or I will hit you with so many left you be gonna beg for a right . he hold up dega ' head to look he in the eye . blood and cocaine stain the man 's face . degas he 's come here . he 's on he way . Eddie lift the head once and give dega one punch in the face that send he ass over teakettle across the floor . int . police communications room - day beneath the light map of Area 4 , the police dispatcher try to raise Eddie 's backup . dispatcher we need a verification on a back - up for unit 1462 ... the dispatcher at the next panel overhear the call . second dispatcher 1462 . that 's cusack , right ? first dispatcher nod . second dispatcher good luck find a backup for that character . int . pool hall - day Eddie open the door and emerge from the back room . a dozen comacho goons have gather . behind they be another two dozen hostile spectator . but no sign of the backup . he pull out he gun . the remain innocent bystander split for the exit . Eddie walk forward into the room . the comachos and they soldier stand around he . several have gun . Eddie keep they under the point of he gun . he get to the door and have to turn he back on it to keep the gang in he sight . a gun be press into Eddie 's back . he drop he gun . Luis kick Eddie across the room . Eddie land at the foot of the gang . luis take he apart . Eddie spring to he foot , and in the same motion deck he nearest attacker . the battle be on . hardwood pool cue crack around he . the first four or five never get a chance to lay a finger on he . batter and break , they litter the billiard table and floor . but Eddie be outnumber 20 to 1 . int . tavern - day cragie and kosalas sit at the bar . the tv be off , and the few customer pay attention to the police monitor . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) ... request verification for backup for unit 1462 . patrol 47 , be you in the area . officer ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) squad . 47 . we be have vehicular problem . not able to respond . cragie smile . kosalas look ashamed . ext . squad car - day two uniform police sit in a cruiser . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) ... need backup at 18th and halstead ... one cop turn to the other . cop fuck he . int . pool hall - day come at Eddie now from all side , the comachos wear into he . finally they begin to connect . blind -side , he go down and they be on he like jackal . they drag he to the top of the rear stair , and kick he down to the alley . it seem like they be about to finish he off when suddenly all be quiet . the crowd part . Eddie look up through swollen eye to see Luis comacho stand above he , cool as ice . Luis reach down and pull Eddie 's head up by the ear . luis the sun come up . you give I luna , or the girl die -- slow . Luis kick he in the face . ext . pool hall alley - night Eddie open a bloody eye and look over he surroundings . he 's alone . he move , a joint at a time , check himself out . stagger to he foot , he open a spiggot on the wall . he let the cold water wash over he head . int . pool hall - night donato hobble through the desert pool hall , he pistol in he hand . ext . pool hall alley - night donato come out the back door of the poolhall , and find Eddie sit on he haunch and rest against a wall between two garbage can . donato I would have be here , sarge . they keep it from I . eddie you be ok , hopalong . donato holster he gun , and help Eddie to he foot . donato listen , I be havin ' a drink with this friend of mine , name of mickie . she work on a computer over in the Federal Building , FBI . I get here as soon as I hear . eddie they get diana luna . donato that 's what I be tryin ' to tell ya . mickie tell I she read on the wire tony luna 's comin ' into Union Station at ten tonight . Eddie run down the alley toward he car . ext . train station - night Eddie 's car pull up . he get out and run inside . int . train station - night a train sit at the platform . tony luna be walk down the platform . int . train station - night Eddie run through the cavernous lobby . ext . train station - night Eddie arrive in time to see tony step into a wait cadillac that immediately take off . Eddie race up the ramp to he car . ext . union station - night Eddie jump into he car , and roar away in pursuit of the cadillac . ext . cadillac - night tony settles in , and then see scalese sit calmly in the back seat . tony luna ( surprised ) hello , Felix . scalese hello , tony . tony move for he gun . the hood next to tony relieve he of he gun , use he own for persuasion . scalese ( sigh ) you see , tony . you make no sense . you start a war ... waste people ... money ... you be like a kid , tony . you be a bad boy . tony be scared . the driver spot something in the rearview mirror . ext . loop - night the cadillac rocket through the empty orange- light canyon of the financial district , with Eddie in hot pursuit . ext . upper wacker - night Roaring north on wacker past a astonished group in front of the Civic Opera House , the cadillac drop out of sight on the down -ramp to lower wacker . ext . lower wacker - night this bi-level street be as different as night and day . the lower level 's eerie green light make we feel like we be under water . Iron girder and concrete pillar support the street above . low wide angle the cadillac race through this vast man-made cavern , past the sub-level load dock and service entrance of skyscraper above . City work crew and all night commercial delivery dot both the upper and lower level of the chase . int . eddie be car - night Eddie be gain in the batter chevy . the cadillac rocket up the next ramp to the street level . ext . upper wacker - night the cadillac zoom up from below , cross the intersection , and immediately take the next down -ramp . Eddie fly up from below , briefly airborne , barrel after they into the tunnel . ext . lower wacker - night a block later the cadillac head topside again . Eddie take a gamble and go straight ahead . at the next down -ramp , the cadillac descend and tony 's boy find themselves do 70 knot side by side with Eddie in the other lane . in the narrow concrete tunnel , the two car battle each other like bull in a chute , each one try to cut the other off , bounce from each other into the wall and back again . int . cadillac - night the goon next to luna be try to get a shot off at Eddie . scalese this sonovabitch be crazy ! tony see he chance and he lunge for the gun . in the struggle , the gun go off and drill rocco , the driver , through the side of the head . ext . lower wacker - night the cadillac roar out of control , its dead driver 's foot press the accelerator to the floor . scalese , in the front seat , try to grab the wheel . Eddie be all over the road try to avoid they . the river and the curve be ahead . scalese 's car hit the median at high speed , roll , and slide scream into a concrete pillar and explode . Eddie stand on the brake as he car slide alongside the flame wreckage . int . eddie be car - night Eddie 's car be on fire now , and the door have be ram shut . he kick the window out on the passenger side . ext . lower wacker - night Eddie run for he life . the explosion knock he to he knee . he get up and move away , look back at luna 's and scalese 's spectacular funeral pyre . ext . lower wacker - night the fire engine and police car be arrive from every direction . with the flame still lighting he face , Eddie be make a call . eddie you tell Luis I get tony luna for he . get I a time and place . int . warehouse - night diana be in bad shape . she be tie up . numb with terror she listen , not comprehend , as the comachos discuss they plan for she in Spanish . Luis come over to she , and with he knife begin cut off part of she clothes . luis you cop friend be smart . too smart and he die . then I take care of you personally . ext . lower wacker - night Eddie 's car be totally ablaze . he walk past the stream hose and slip into a park blue and white , it 's mar light still flash . he roar off . int . gym - night the giant door open , and a lone blue and white pull in and park . the place be desert except for the duty officer who sit in he tiny office watch television with he half - naked girlfriend . Eddie enter silently , glance into the duty office , and head to the other end of the large hall . in the background we see the practice apartment set , the box ring , and several special task force undercover vehicle see before . int . locker room - night Eddie open he locker and take out he saw - off automatic shotgun . he check the action . he load it . he fill a duffle bag with ammo and drop in another gun . he close the locker and head out . int . gym - night the duty officer be still occupy . Eddie ease past he and check the key-board at the desk . he find what he 's look for . he lift a set of key from the hook . ext . gym - night from inside , we hear the SOUND of a truck starting . ext . expressway - day this city garbage van , a immense blue semi-trailer , be move south on the Dan Ryan at incredible speed , push traffic out of the way like a battleship slice through Sunday boater . Eddie be at the wheel . ext . warehouse - day among the dockside ruin of the old facility , Luis carefully check he sniper and lookout . shout in Spanish , he direct they into position . from the distance we see a signal from the comacho station at the top of a huge grain elevator overlook the calumet Harbor . int . gym - day kosalas enter . the place be in chaos . he join the crowd gather in the center of the facility . brennan and cragie be here . so be Music . Commander kate have just arrive . kate what the hell be goin on ? brennan cusack make off with a truckload of armour . music ( shake he head ) he 's a fuck one man army now . cragie what would I tell ya . the sonofabitch be crazy . kosalas wander through the wreckage . he be stunne . he be start to wake up . kate ok , everybody . no more game . where 's cusack . the man all look at he silently . kosalas turn on they . kosalas I can not swallow this shit ! Eddie cusack 's out there takin ' on the world by himself . and you fuckin ' heros be gonna sit on you goddamn ass ! he be mad and loud . cragie cool it kid . kosalas do not you fuckin ' tell I to cool it . I will not cool it . I be not go to fuckin ' lie for you any more . ( to kate ) I lie , Commander . he laid a gun on that kid . I see the whole thing . cragie you little fuckin ' bastard ! cragie jump at kosalas , but kosalas be ready for he , and brace cragie against the wall . with one hand kosalas slam cragie again , and reach down with he free hand , lift cragie 's pants leg and extract a drop -gun from it 's conceal holster . kosalas what 's this for partner ? you next fuck up ? kate step in and separate they . kate ( to the other ) get someone in the air . we be gonna find cusack . int . warehouse - day diana , now hang from she wrist like a slab of beef , be guard by a couple of Luis ' boy , eyeing she hungrily . Luis enter . luis ( subtitles ) take off the gag . I want they to hear she . ext . warehouse - day Luis scan the daybreak sky . he and efren take up position . above they and around they , every line of fire be cover . ext . grain elevator - day from the lookout 's Pov atop the tower grain elevator , we see several garbage truck move in and out of a adjacent dump . one of they seem familiar to we . int . truck cab - day Eddie 's eye search the harbour as he maneuver slowly alongside a rusting freighter . he stop and get out . ext . grain elevator - day Eddie open the rear of the truck and lower a ramp . eddie here we go partner . he pick up he gun and a duffle bag from the cab and head out . int . warehouse - day the comachos be ready and wait . Luis walk through the middle of the vast empty plant toward the front , check on he troops one last time . ext . dock - day against the grotesque shape of the surround scrapyard , Eddie move quickly from one concealment to the next , crouch low , advance on the abandon factory at the end of the dock . he lay down he duffle and pull out a Halliburton case . he open it . ext . grain elevator - day from inside the garbage truck we hear a engine starting . it revs a couple of time . and from within the container compartment of the truck emerge the prowler . it clatter down the ramp . ext . grain elevator - day the lookout spot the prowler move down the dock . he can not believe he eye . he sight on the machine and fire . and in the distance , the prowler sense the insult and immediately turn its camera eye up to he . the lookout fire again . immediately , the turret swivel and the twin machinegun roar . it 's a long way down . int . warehouse - day the SOUND of machinegun FIRE from outside galvanize the comachos . Luis run through the long building toward the front with half a dozen of he man , all shout . ext . dock - day eddies eye watch the miniature monitor of the prowler 's hand controller . on the monitor we can see the comachos run out in the front of the factory from the camera on top of the prowler . Eddie get up and move toward the factory . he look up at several high break window . ext . dock - day the prowler be have a field day . it 's electronic sensor trace the source of every hostile shot and immediately return a wither stream of hot lead that chew the surround scenery -- and several comachos -- to piece . but Eddie have not figure out how to control the prowler 's bullhorn voice command system . it continue to bark order to the dead hoodlum in three language . int . warehouse - day Luis run through the empty plant toward the office scream to diana 's guard . luis ( subtitles ) now ! do it now ! kill she ! int . warehouse - day diana , tie to the chair , be momentarily alone as the guard rush out to the floor of the factory to see what 's happen . the two guard , they gun fly from they hand , be hammer back into the room by Eddie who blast through the door after they . diana be petrify . int . squad car - day kosalas and kate be in the same car . kosalas be drive . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( from radio ) ... Harbor patrol report gunfire and explosion in the vicinity of calumet Harbor ... kate that 's cusack . kosalas spin the wheel into a u-turn . int . warehouse - day the " prowler " roll around the corner , its brutal turret bristle with firepower . it be drive Luis and the other stupefy comachos further back into the building . Eddie guide he deadly partner with the hand controller . the comachos dive for cover and spray the miniature tank with automatic FIRE . but they be no match . two continuous stream of hot lead chew up the place , splintering the load dock and the catwalk hide place and disintegrate the structure , churn the comachos to hamburger . comacho shot ring out Eddie go down and the prowler hand controller fall to the ground , shattered . the prowler go berserk , spraying death in a 360 degree circle until all the ammo be go . then silence . Eddie touch the blood on the side of he leg . it 's not serious . it appear everyone be out of ammunition . but a few comachos be still hide in the factory . Eddie be after they like a tiger . Victor , shoulder still bandage , never have a chance . he go down , batter and break . but Luis have creep up behind Eddie . he jump over a steel plate . he 's go for diana , a long knife in he hand . Eddie reach for a reload . put it in he magnum . aim , and blow Luis away just as he reach for diana . int . warehouse - day across the litter battlefield , Eddie escort diana toward the light stream through the factory entrance . he take off he jacket and wrap it around diana 's shoulder . ext . warehouse - day the pier be crawl with cop with more arrive every second . a fire boat be extinguish the blaze set by the prowler 's incendiary ammunition . the body of the comachos lie everywhere astound the arrive " Home team . " Officer kosalas screech to a halt and jump from he car . brennan and Music be run down the dock . donato , a cast on he leg , hobble after they . ext . warehouse - day emergency vehicle be arrive , and more squad car , paddy wagon , and fire engine . Eddie walk by the cop toward a ambulance , now carry diana . kate call out after he . kate hey , cusack ! Eddie stop , slowly turn around . there be a long pause . kate I be glad you do not follow order . Eddie hand diana over to the wait medic , who put she in the ambulance . we pull back further and further until we see the rest of the Home team . the ambulance , carry diana , pull away with it 's light flash . Eddie walk down the pier alone . the end