" cold mountain " by Anthony minghella base on the novel " cold Mountain " by Charles frazier ext . cold mountain town , NORTH CAROLINA . day on a black screen : credit . a raucous voice ( swimmerus ) chanting in the cherokee language . a range of mountain slowly emerge : shroud in a blue mist like a chinese water color . below they , close to a small town , young men , armed with vicious stick and stripped to the waist , come charge in a muscular , steaming pack . they opponent , also swinging stick , attach the pack . a ball , barely round , make of leather , emerge , smack forward by inman , who hurtle after it and collide with a stick swing by swimmer , a young and lithe american indian . inman fall , clutching he nose . the ball bobble on the ground in front of he . he grab it and get to he foot , the blood pour from he nose . his team form a phalanx around he and he continue to charge . a pristine cabriolet pull by a impressive horse , come down towards the town . it have to pass across the temporary field of play , parting the team . some of the contestant grab they shirt to restore propriety as the cabriolet and its two exotic passenger pass by . the driver be a man in he early fifty , dress in the severe garb of a minister , monroe . and next to he , a self - conscious girl in the spotless elaborate , architectural skirt of the period , be he daughter , ada . inman , use he shirt to staunch he batter nose , look at ada , astonished by she . a angel in this wild place . now swimmer stop chant and begin , more hesitantly , to translate into English : swimmerus voice ( v.o. ) you will be lonely . you will howl like a dog as you walk alone . you will carry dog shit cup in you hand . you will be smear with dog shit . you spirit will wane and dwindle to blue , the colour of despair ... as the cabriolet pass , swimmer take the ball a with a whoop start to run towards the oppose goal . the game resume . ada look back as the man swarm into each other , stick and fist flail . ext . cold mountain town . night a side of beef turn on a huge barbecue . the batter team eat , drink hard liquor , rehearse victory and defeat , illuminate by a roaring bonfire . swimmer be sewing up a gash in inmand cheek as he continue to translate : swimmer ... this be you path . there be no other . that 's a curse you can use on the yankee before battle . inman and that work ? swimmer you have to say it in Cherokee . inman you say it to I in Cherokee . during this , Monroe and ada have arrive , escort by sally swanger , a local woman , middle - age , kindly , and she husband , esco , a glorious curmudgeon . the monroe be introduce to various local . inamn watch they , on the other side of the crowd . the reverend Monroe , he daughter ada . up from Charleston , bring God 's word to you heathen ! be esco 's prefer introduction . Building a church . inman watch ada , move he head to keep she in view as swimmer stitches , and wince with pain . swimmer so keep you head still . Sally collect plate for the monroe . hand they to ada and she father , who wait , patiently , for silverware . esco take a plate , pick up a skewer of meat , bite on it . Monroe pluckily follow suit . inman ( to swimmer ) anyway , there will not be any war . and if there be , they say it will not last a week . end of credit and fade to : ext . confederate line . predawn caption : petersburg , virginia . JULY 30 th , 1864 . in the FOURTH year of the civil war . a stand of tree . the pastoral lush green Virginia . a rabbit surface from its hole . peace and beauty . a second rabbit shake itself from the ground , dart into open ground to confront the forbidding trench of the confederate and union armie , ranged against each other on the outskirt of petersburg . massive wooden barricade in the shape of cross , row of X 's , define the two line . the federal have be lay siege for month . so early and it 's already hot . the tree be a oasis of green in a world of mud between the two stark and ugly scar of the trenches . in the confederate line , the man be rouse , boil water for coffee or to shave , smoking , stiff from night . there 's a large gun emplacement and some man still sleep against the stub-nose cannon . another rabbit be disturb from its hole . ear prick up to a distant rumbling . int . tunnel . predawn . a dark hole . some evil place . a scraping sound . shapes burrow forward at a crouch . a silent purpose . ext . confederate line . predawn . Young oakley , freshly recruit , approach a group of man , like he highlander from company F of the 25th North Carolina regiment . he dole out breakfast . inman , load he heavy lemat pistol , its nine round , be not hungry . Oakley serve another , rourke , last see in the scrum at cold Mountain . Oakley keep he head low as he serve . rourke do not worry , son . that yankee boy keep store hour . they be not open yet . int . tunnel . predawn shadows and shape . a barrel rumble along the tunnel . it reach a kneel figure , who roll it forward . a relay team . at the end of the tunnel , where it widen , a man , naked to the waist , crouch , stack the barrel . ext . confederate line . predawn a rabbit , scared up , dart along the trench . rourke see it , beckon to another cold Mountain boy , Butcher . butcher that 's fresh breakfast . shoot he ! rourke I be not fire , start the damn war off . Butcher chase after the rabbit , rourke in raucous support . int . tunnel . predawn the crouching man have wrap fuze wire around the last barrel , and now retreat , pay out the wire as he do so , as each man in the tunnel crawl backwards behind he . ext . confederate line . dawn rourke weave through the gun emplacement , laugh . rourke that 's my rabbit ! great sport . inman , fifty yard away , look over , amused , go back to he gun . int . tunnel . dawn the fuze wire be light . it fizze towards the barrel . ext . confederate line . dawn rourke be run but now the ground buckle under he and he's be lifted slowly into the AIR , the earth swell . a apocalyptic explosion . four ton of dynamite rip the ground OPEN in a crater 135 feet long , 90 feet across , 30 feet deep . horse , gun , men be blown to piece and thrown up into the AIR . inman disappear under dirt and debris . pandemonium . the confederate be in complete disarray . the federal pour forward across no man land , through the peaceful oasis of tree , roaring the roar of attack . they flood towards the crater , hundred of they , charge into a dense and impenetrable wall of smoke . then they 're inside the great gash of crater and can't get out again , arrive at a insurmountable wall of mud . the confederate regroup . order be yell . Chaos develop into battle . the confederate begin fire into the crater . gun and mortar wheel round and empty into what be become a terrible death trap . inman get to he foot . Oakley with he , and rush through the smoke to the pit , empty he lemat into the crater . later : a black regiment from the Union join the attack . body fall on body as the federal charge in and pack they comrade even tighter . the confederate make a pincer movement outside the crater , force all the federal in . it 's medieval . no escape . the confederate jump into the pit to engage the federal . Hand to hand fight . too close for rifle , just bayonet , and gun swing like club and inman slide down into that hell , tiring the nine round , then the shotgun charge , which do a terrible damage . primitive . unutterable carnage . Men kill each other in embrace , soldier crush against soldier , desperate to survive , to kill , to live . a ooze layer cake of body , dead and frantically alive , drown in slick . young oakley lose he rifle and pick up a magazine case , clubbing he opponent , then slip onto he and be stick with a bayonet , the pain of which make he squeal . inman goe at it . he 's a warrior , punch and stabbing and fire . a coldly efficient killer . he 's grab from behind and crush , a hand gouging at he face , a almighty struggle . he fall and land on top of Oakley , and he and he Federal opponent fight to the death with the wounded boy as they pillow . the slaughter continue over and around they , the sound , the sound of hell and madness . the boy have he arm around inman , like lover . later : the confederate run after the retreate Union soldier , fire , cavalry riding they down . inman stand , the boy 's blood all over he , exhaust and appal . the crater , behind he , a abattoir of man . the victor be yell , pump mad with adrenaline . Butcher come alongside inman . butcher that be something ! that 's hell and we have be there ! kicked old Nick 's asshole . a wounded black soldier sit up as Butcher celebrate . Butcher run over , but can not find a charge for he musket . he look around in the stack of corpse , pull out weapon , try one : not load , throw it down , try another : not load . the wounded man can not get up , try to drag himself like a crab away from Butcher . inman yell at he , appal . butcher you get a charge ? he pick up another musket . it fire . the wounded Federal slump back , dead . ext . confederate line . dusk the aftermath . the dead be pile up for burial , divide into allegiance . wound prisoner able to walk be lead away . a great deal of casual looting . of boot , of equipment , of personal item . inman see a soldier in the crater , lining up wounded federal , put they head in a row . the man extract a hammer from he belt and , satisfied he have a economic arrangement , proceeds down the line , smashing each skull . inman turn away , see another rebel , extravagantly costume , a strange fiddle head protrude from he knapsack . this be stobrod thewes . he 's bent over a dead Federal , examine he mouth . he reach behind he back and root around in the knapsack , produce a pair of plier , which he insert into the corpse's mouth . he 's yanking away when a swinging boot connect with he head and knock he to the ground . startle , he look up to see inman hover over he . stobrod that 's gold in he mouth he get no need for . ( shrug ) we take he boot . he examine he fiddle for damage . some orderly pass , lift oakley away on a gurney . Oakley 's pale as a maiden , the life leak from he . inman walk a way with he . Oakley look up , desperate to be brave . oakley I get a few . you see ? inman I see . oakley I know you do not recognise I . I be Mo Oakley 's boy . ( inman find this incredible ) it 's okay . I be thirteen when you all leave . be I go to die ? inman flick he eye to the orderly , whose look confirm the boy 's wound be certainly mortal . int . field hospital . night inman sit on the ground beside Oakley 's cot . around they , the wounded be certainly die , makeshift care , oil light , groan . oakley I would like to hear some music while I go . ext . confederate line . night inman walk around the campfire . he hear some fiddle music . it 's stobrod . stobrod see inman . inman stare , he expression a instruction , the turn and walk away . int . field hospital . night stobrod stand over Oakley . consult with inman . stobrod what about bonaparte 's retreat ? that 's one I play . oakley play I something sweet . like a girl 's wait for I . stobrod look at inman , confuse . oakley play I something like there 's nothing to fear from a merciful Lord . inman ( to stobrod ) you hear he . stobrod ( nervous ) I only know a couple of tune . oakley like when you be thirsty up at Bishop 's Creek and the water be so cool . inman glare at stobrod . and stobrod start to play . hesitant , then with gather confidence , improvise , increasingly expansive , as if he 's as surprised as everyone else . Oakley 's lip move . a whisper . inman lean in . oakley I be reach cold Mountain before you . stobrod play . it 's wrenching . Oakley still . inman abruptly put he hand on the neck of the fiddle , stop stobrod . the boy be dead . inman get to he foot and walk away . int . confederate tent . night a dozen man in the tent . inman have a book , its cover go , roll up and tie with a leather strap . his bookmark be a fade tintype photograph of a solemn young woman . he unwrap the book carefully and read a page by the sickly light next to he bedroll . a officer come into the tent , approach inman , who make a stand . officer do not get up , soldier . you be mention tonight in my report . you be a credit to the highlands , to North Carolina and to the Cause . inman ( tight ) do you have news , sir , on my application for transfer ? officer I know . a bloody day . it 's what we General say : good thing war be so terrible else a man might end up like it too much . inman Sir . it be my understanding the medical corps be desperate for volunteer . officer right now , soldier , it 's I who be in need of volunteer . there 's a dozen yankee in that stand of tree between we . stuck there from the retreat . come daylight they can shoot we down for sport . ext . confederate line . night a beautiful night . lot of star . inman and three other , include Butcher , slide over the top of the trench , far to one side of the stand of tree . the plan be to cast a wide arc that will bring they around back of the tree , closer to the enemy side than they own . the four man slither over the ground . they pause . inman have arrive at a tangle of corpse . he slither over they . they work they way towards the tree . there be a half dozen federal crouching in the cover of the tree . they be doze . only one of they sit with a rifle surveying the confederate line , the other have they back to the enemy , sit against the trunk , grab a few minute 's sleep . as the four rebel approach , still crawl , one of the federal open he eye , see the attack , shift for he rifle . inman immediately stand up , firing instantly , kill he and two other , while Butcher throw himself at another . the exchange be brief and savage and one of inman 's party and all of the federal lay dead . then the rebel break from the tree . a flare go up , then another , both from the confederate trenches . inman and he accomplice be picked out in a brilliant GREEN light . Shots follow , from both side , aim at the three return man as they zigzag towards they own line . as they get close , voice cry out , rippling down the trench , join they own admonition : do not shoot , hold you fire , they be we boy , hold you fire !!! they be almost home . Butcher be laugh , whooping . then just as suddenly he fall , wounded . inman stop , turn back , run to he . inman collect Butcher , drag he , carry he . they be fifty yard from they line . a bullet catch inman in the neck . he go down like a tree , blood pour from he neck . lying on the ground , he watch the phosphorescent light slowly fade to black , all sound fade with they . ext . chapel , cold mountain town . 3 year earlier . day a wooden joist swing across the view of the Blue Ridge . Men be swarm over the roof of a unfinish chapel , below which appear the small town of cold mountain . among the worker , armed with nail and hammer , knee clutching a rafter , be inman , fresh and a whole lifetime young . rourke and Butcher be also there hammer , building , kid around and Oakley , barely a teenager . below they , woman be set up a lunch for the worker , ada amongst they . she have the circumspect air of the blue stock , uncomfortably aware of the dirt beneath she hem , the man 's radar for she every move . inman watch she as Sally swanger approach . sally ( to ada , as Monroe move off ) ada , how be you settling in ? be you like the farm ? ada very much . it 's beautiful country . sally so listen -- if you would say hello to one of this fool , I will get a field clear this weekend . ada anyone ? like a forfeit ? sally ( point at inman who immediately look away ) no . him in particular , up in the rafter . be press I all morning . up on the roofbeam of the chapel , the man be preoccupy with talk of secession from the Union . rourke ( hammer ) I call this nail : Northern aggression . ( hammer ) I call this nail : a free nigger . butcher show some respect -- this nail be make a church . rourke ( hammer ) I call this nail : respect the church . ada come over , carry a tray of lemonade glass . call up to inman . ada hello . inman swing down . he feel the other man stare , burn a hole in he head . ada I be ada Monroe . inman I be inman . ada inman ? inman W. P. inman . ada W. P. inman . inman repeating a thing do not improve it . ( shrug ) people call I inman . ada if you be to take a glass of lemonade you friend might stop stare . inman . inman they be not my friend . he drop down to ground level , take the lemonade , scowl at the other guy . they be break for lunch and as they make they way to the trestle table -- they enjoy jostling inman . inman thank you . ada and what do you do ? inman I work wood . get a piece of land . mostly work wood . ada clear field ? inman ( uncomfortable ) I can clear a field . ada so , be there something in particular you wish to say to I ? inman ( think about it ) not that come to I . ( hand back the glass ) I will say thank you for the lemonade . and he turn and join the other man gather round the table for lunch . ada watch he , intrigue . rourke and co . approach esco swanger , a know sympathizer with the North , to give he a bad time . rourke esco love the yankee . esco I prefer a yankee to a halfwit . inman arrive just as rourke point a warning finger at esco . he push the finger down to get by . esco continue : esco what be it you think you would be fight for ? rourke the South . esco and what 's that when it 's at home ? esco 's son , ellis and acton , who be work at the other end of the building , have now arrive at the table . acton pop , you cause trouble ? esco no . ellis that mean yes . esco you cut the wood , you carry the water for good old King cotton . now you want to fight for he . somebody have to explain it to I . acton ( to rourke and the other ) do not even try . the other be desperate to tease inman . butcher how 's the lemonade ? sweet ? ada , at the lemonade stand again , watch they laugh at inman , who keep he head fix on the table . ext . confederate line . night inman , on a gurney , carry , someone with a cloth to he neck , which be soak through with blood . they start to run with he , head for the field hospital , worried that he will die before the wound can be staunched , cauterize . throughout , a strange music plays , discordant note jangling : ext . swanger farm . cold mountain . day -- from a piano , lash to a cart , as it bounce along the lane , pass the swanger farm . Sally come out to look . it 's ada riding next to one of the farmhand , a second boy keep watch over the piano . Sally go over . sally that 's a fine look thing . ada I have be miss it . sally thank you , by the way . ( from ada 's quizzical look ) inman 's down in the bottom field , clear he debt . ada oh dear . and then he have nothing to say . sally he be happy . ada really ? sally be man so different in Charleston ? ada Men ? I do not know . I do not even know what a woman should be like . in Charleston I be call a thistle , twice , by two different man . both of they -- they be hunt for a simile , what be I like -- and thistle come right to they . sally if you be say you might like he , why not go down and say hello . ext . bottom field , swanger farm . day inman 's work in the field , stripped to he undershirt , hot work , wield a scythe . he hear something and look up at the edge of the lane , ada be playing the piano , which be still strapped to the cart . she briefly raise a hand to inman , then nod to the farmhand who set they on they way again . inman smile , wave back , watch as the cart rumble off down the track . ext . black cove farm . night it 's pout with rain . inside the farmhouse , ada be playing the piano . Men and woman crowd into the parlour , in best clothes , celebrate the completion of the Chapel . inman be outside on the porch , he coat soak , water pour off he hat . he look at ada . she finish . Monroe step in front of the applause , smile . his word of thanks leak through the window to inman , who stand , watch , listen . int . parlour , black cove farm . night Monroe circulate , with ada . he nod at a group of man , who congregate in one part , not mingling . they leader , teague , might be a minister himself , favour a black dress coat , a black crow in the corner , eye flash . ada do not know they . esco come by . Monroe put a hand on he arm . monroe esco , we friend there -- ( indicate teague and co . ) -- they help build the Chapel ? esco that 's teague and he boy . I would recommend you kick they out except a man do not kick a snake . one time the teague family own the whole of cold Mountain . my farm , you farm , all belong to he grand - daddy . teague want this place bad . you get it . he 's here sniff out a advantage . monroe there 's no advantage here , but to celebrate a job well do . cheer -- ( he raise he glass ) -- and thank you . and teague raise he glass across the room . ext . black cove farm . night ada appear at the door open it onto the porch . she 's carry a tray with drink . acknowledge inman . ada be you plan to come inside ? inman I be wetter than a fish . ada there 's a good fire go . inman I be all right . ada somebody say you be enlist . ( no response ) be you ? inman if there 's a war we will all fight . ada ( unimpress ) if there 's a mountain we will all climb , if there 's a ocean we will all drow . inman call a thing a war make it a challenge to some man . ada do you get a picture make ? inman say again . ada a tintype , with you gun and you courage on display . inman you be laugh at I . ada I do not know you . inman you be always carry a tray . ada I be take a drink over to the negroe in the barn . inman ( take the tray ) I will do that . I can not get much wetter . he go into the night rain . she watch he . ext . black cove farm . day a beautiful day , the farm peaceful . inman walk up the path to the farmhouse , its border flowering and pretty , a slave woman weed . he knock on the door . Monroe answer . monroe Mr. inman . inman reverend . monroe what can I do for you ? inman hover , awkward . ada appear , awkward . inman I have some sheet music . belong to my father . no use to I . ada come forward , take the package . monroe you must come in . inman I should probably get along . ada Mr. inman be more comfortable outdoors . perhaps we might take a walk . monroe a splendid idea . ext . black cove farm . day Monroe and inman and ada touring the farm . it 's a biggish property , over three hundred acre . and well - tend by the dozen slave farmhand who work it , some of whom be dot about in the landscape . Rolling mountain dominate the view . monroe ( expansive ) I want to get sheep into this field . a big field do not look right without sheep . you be a lucky fellow , Mr. inman , you have have this view all you life . inman I think so . monroe it 's a special view . I drag my poor daughter to cold Mountain from Charleston because of my doctor -- they say my heart be weak -- so the air 's mean to do I good . but it 's the view I think heal . ada walk behind , come alongside the two man , thread she arm into she father 's but , by so do , also arrive next to inman . monroe I have to get on my visit . can I offer you a ride back into town ? inman look at ada . no word . int . parlour , black cove farm . day from the window ada watch the cabriolet head towards town . at the piano , she unwrap the leather lace from the package of music . Inside the first book of music , there 's a daguerreotype of inman with he lemat , a typical confederate pose . some of the music have leave its imprint on the picture , the note like a melody over inman 's face . ada pick they out on the piano . the ebullient sound of shape sing . a noisy choir let rip -- int . chapel , cold mountain town , may 20 th , 1861 . day -- the whole church be singing , men to one side : women to the other . Monroe conduct , sing . inman be there , as be ada . he fix on she neck , the way the hair fall . the door burst open . Young oakley , apologetic nod to Monroe , sit at the back , then lean forward , as the sing continue , to say something to rourke , who say something to Butcher , the news spread like wildfire . rourke get up , leave . Butcher get up next , follow . another man . another . deplete the male voice , until only woman and some of the older man be sing and one side of the church be practically empty . inman , remain , fix on ada . who do not look round . ext . chapel , cold mountain town . day that leave in the congregation now spill out into what have become a melee as the news of secession go up . enormous excitement , particularly among the boy , who now seem curiously attractive to the girl . inman blink out into the sun , ada find he . they be awkward as they watch other sweetheart embrace . ada well , you have you war . teague and he men come riding up the STREET , they horse clear a path amongst the celebrate crowd . teague rein in he horse and ride it up against esco swanger . teague that who follow lincoln , or preach abolition , best keep one eye open when they be sleep , Old bogey man might get you ! inman step between esco and teague , hold the rein of teague 's horse , easy and dangerous . inman be you the law all of a sudden ? teague produce a document , which he wave in the air . teague that 's right , son . Home Guard for haywood County . I be the law from today . you all go fight now . we will watch you sweetheart . and he spur on he horse , he fellow Home Guard fall in behind , riding on over the ridge . inman walk to ada . inman you might be safer back in Charleston . ada but then who will be wait for you ? she put a hand on he arm for a second . they both want to get to the point of declaration but do not know how . they stand , people noisy around they , that about to leave , that about to be leave . inman I be go to walk back inside the Chapel . and he do so , make he meaning clear for she to follow . int . chapel , cold mountain town . day inman walk inside . stands with he back to the door . it open and close . inman turn . it 's Monroe . monroe do you want a quiet word ? now the door open again and it 's ada . she 's dismay to see she father . inman just some quiet . monroe of course ada . he indicate they should both leave . inman sit at a bench . ext . cold mountain town . day Monroe and ada come into town in they cabriolet . they pass under banner proclaim the confederate cause : Old rip 's awake ! watch out yankee ! the trap draw up by the cold Mountain General store . Monroe let ada down . monroe ( of he appointment ) I will daresay Dr. o' brien will want to do a test or two . ada and then there will be a coffee or two , a brandy or two ... Monroe smile in acknowledgement , get back in the trap . ada head into the store . int . bedroom . rooming house . cold mountain town . day inman sit on he bed , wear pants and a vest . his room be like a monk 's cell . nothing in it . inman 's trunk be pack . he 's polish he boot , in he bare foot . one hand inside the boot , the other black it . there 's a knock at the door . he open it . it 's ada . he abruptly close the door on she . int . hallway , rooming house . cold mountain town . day ada wait outside . she 's not sure what 's happen . then inman open the door . he 's buttone he shirt . his boot be on , one conspicuously dirty , one highly polished . somebody walk up the stair , carry a jug and bowl . they separate as the man pass they . they be tender , awkward . ada I find you this book . William bartram . they tell I it 's good . I think he write about this part , the author , so ... inman take it . she have something else . wrapped in paper . ada and this ... ( hand it to he ) I be not smile in it . I do not know how to do that , hold a smile , so now I be solemn ... inman ada ... ada what ? he kiss her , press into she , he arm circle she waist . below they the sound of a marching band . it 's the recruitment parade and bring rourke and Butcher racing down the stair . inman pull away from ada as the boy hurtle for the front door . rourke let 's go ! ext . cold mountain town . day rourke , Butcher , and then inman appear in the doorway of the rooming House , and then fall in with the motley crew of volunteer as they MARCH by with the band and the enlisted soldier . the town be out to wish they well , parent , young brother , sweetheart walk alongside they brave man . ada come to the door of the rooming House . inman look back and see she , but almost immediately lose she in the crowd . the drummer drum , the crowd cheer , the recruit MARCH up the hill -- ext . behind confederate line , virginia . day -- and the wounded and the wretched straggle along the railroad . a train with the seriously injure snake past the back of the confederate line -- its suburb of supplies , arrive and depart troops -- and into peaceful country . fiddle plays , then a banjo . int . BOX car . day a crowded wagon . it 's a cauldron , and that able smash through the wooden wall to make a breathe hole . some have they head thrust out like crate poultry . inman be in there , neck bandage , its ugly seepage make a bloody necklace . the light play black and white through the board side of the boxcar , flash on inman 's face as he drift in and out of consciousness . he focus and see the strange head of stobrod' fiddle . stobrod be serenade he , accompany by a angel - face and extremely heavy child - man , pangle , whose grin of delight seem permanent even in this claustrophobic , grim world . inman be panicked , put a hand to push the fiddle away . his voice be a croak , spoiled . inman I be not die . stobrod ( to pangle ) what would he say ? pangle say he be not about to die . stobrod ( to inman ) Truth to tell they say you be , soldier . we will meet again , in the better world . he change he tune , and the tempo , find a foot - slapping rhythm , the two musician grin at each other . inman lapse back into unconsciousness . the rhythm become a hammer sound ... ext . chapel , cold mountain town . day -- as a man hammer a tintype of he son' face into the wooden porch of the Chapel , where it join many other portrait of that lose to the war . Monroe preside . one of the slave from Black cove hold the ladder for the bereaved father . other family wait , with they own daguerreotype to mount . it 's a memorial service without body . rider approach . Home Guard . teague bring he horse up alongside Monroe at the Chapel door , tip he hat in condolence to the bereaved family . with he be a young , intensely beautiful and flamboyant rider , bosie , he hair long , a single fingernail bizarrely overgrown . somehow sinister . teague my condolence to you all . ( he consider the slave ) keep a eye on the negro . they want what the white man get -- all of you watch out you brave boy give they life to war and meantime you slave carry murder , rape and arson to you fireside . monroe the only slave within twenty mile labor on my farm . they be good Christians and I will vouchsafe for they . ext . approach to black cove farm . day cold Mountain at its loveliest . the cabriolet with Monroe and he daughter head towards the farm . at a bend they meet a couple of rider , twins , from teague 's Home Guard , riding furiously past they . Monroe rein in the trap and let they thunder past before continue on they way home . Monroe be intrigue by ada , as if he 's never look at she before . ada what ? monroe you be look -- at this moment , I do not know why -- you be look exactly like you mother . ada every time you see the doctor you get melancholy . monroe he listen to my heart and I get emotional . ada he give you alcohol and you get emotional . she squeeze he arm . monroe we commiserate about the folly of this terrible war . ( they ride in silence ) do you worry when there 's no word from he ? ( no response ) from Mr. inman ? ada yes . but then I have try count the number of word which pass between Mr. inman and I . ( look ahead , see smoke ) be that a bonfire ? so close to the barn . then they see the family of slave turn off the road as they cabriolet approach , run away into the field . ada what 's go on ? monroe ( shouting at the disappear slave ) hey ! stop there ! hey ! Monroe get out of the cabriolet and run into the field after the retreate family , who be carry bundle , chair , personal item , all load up . ada have already take the rein and have drive up to the house . the barn in which the slave family have live be on FIRE . Monroe catch one of the woman , remonstrate with she . she 's upset , distress , one of she son come back , push Monroe to the ground . they hurry away . Monroe get up , hurry to the fire . a figure swing in the heat of the flame , hanging from a beam . Monroe spy it as he catch up with ada . monroe dear god. ada no , daddy , it 's not real . the figure swing round . it be a effigy , a grotesque caricature of a black man . monroe ( appal ) what be wrong with we all ? ada turn and run off . ada I will get help . ( shouting over she shoulder ) keep away from the flame . Monroe stand and consider the flame . ada turn back once more to see he -- a small man silhouett against the blaze . int . hospital , charleston . day inman lie ; bandage , eye close , in the ballroom of a colonial mansion , co-opt as one ward of a confederate hospital . row of bed , the wounded and the die , be lodge between some vestige of the room 's former glory . some local women , conscious of they duty to the cause , be bring through by a exhaust doctor , who 's lose all he grace . the window be open , but it 's still insufferably hot , the muslin curtain barely move . doctor most of this man will be dead by the morning or , if they be stubborn , by nightfall . I have other man outside in the quadrangle wait for the bed . the woman try to process this , the attitude . doctor so , any kind word will be a bless . one woman be overpower by the stench , gag . doctor it 's the heat . I be sorry . they rot . the woman begin to approach the bed . doctor do not pray . if they be not God fear you can stir up a hornet 's nest . mrs . morgan , nervous , decent , sit next to inman . his mouth be move . she do not know what he 's say . mrs . morgan I be sorry , you want water ? she bend to he again . his voice be a faint croak . inman pigeon River . Little East fork . the Doctor be on he exit , stop at the bed . mrs . morgan I be sorry . I do not know what he 's say . doctor they ramble . name of love one . mrs . morgan ( listen to inman ) pigeon River . be that a place ? cold Mountain ? the Doctor shrug , not a detective , move on , stop at the man in the next bed . have a brief look , call to a nurse . doctor this man be dead . ext . black cove farm . late afternoon Monroe and ada be outside , a picnic at the summer table , autumn leave blow up around they . nearby the char skeleton of the barn . ada get up , clear away . monroe thank you . ( stay she for grace ) for you Providence , oh lord , we thank you . ada amen . that be the last of the ham . monroe it be delicious . ada I have to learn how to cook . monroe I be go to say something in Chapel . perhaps some of the womenfolk will volunteer . ada I can not have people come here and cooking for I ! monroe it 's my fault . I should have raise you less like a companion and more like a young woman . I be sorry . ada I be not sorry , but I do not know how we will get through another winter . monroe will you play I something ? something peaceful while I look over my sermon . ada take the dish away . he get out he papers , he pen and ink . int . parlour , black cove farm . dusk ada plays the piano . chopin 's prelude in E minor . outside in the garden , Monroe have adjourned to he stripe campaign chair , and be hunch over he note . the door of the parlour be open and the music float over to he as he work . ada play . a few spot of rain appear at the window . then the steady drum of a summer shower . ada ( still play ) daddy , bring the tablecloth in with you ! she play some more . Monroe have not come in . the rain splashes on to the window .. ada daddy , come inside before you drow ! after a few more bar , she stop play and , curious , go to the door . she stand at the doorway . monroe' sermon be caught in the wind and blows around he , the ink run to abstraction , he hand drop and visible to ada as , with dread , she approach . she catch the sodden paper , chasing after they , then reach her dead father . he 's like a fish , he face shine with the rain , and glass eye . she lean in to he , she head to he heart , then run , oblivious to the rain , she dress already drench , run down the lane . ada ( v.o. ) dear Mr. inman ... int . hospital , charleston . night inman' face as he drift in and out of consciousness . Mrs. Morgan , the hospital volunteer , sit by inman 's bed . she hold ada' unopened letter , badly weather damage , the page stick together , the write blurred where the ink have run . mrs . morgan it 's come to you by way of Virginia . there be various date , which she decode . mrs . morgan it 's not too recent -- write this past winter . I be afraid I can not read who it 's from . dear Mr. inman , int . black cove farm . night ada be write at she father 's desk . a lonely room . ada ( v.o . ) -- I be still wait , as I promise I would , but I find myself alone and at the end of my wit -- int . hospital , charleston . night Mrs. Morgan read to inman , try to decipher the letter : mrs . morgan -- at the end of my wit , so now I say to you , plain as I can , come back to I . come back to I be my request . ( can not read the next bit ) then something I can not read , something , come back to I . inman be very still . then , eye glint with determination , give a tiny nod . official ( o.s. ) by order of Zebulon vance , Governor of this great state of North Carolina : any soldier turn deserter be guilty of treason and shall be hunt down like a dog . ext . cold mountain town . day ada walk down the hill from the Chapel . there be a absence of young people , but the older folk be gather round the General store where a uniformed official be read from a document . official -- any man take in a deserter be likewise guilty of treason . the official be flanke by teague , bosey and the twin , puffed up with self - importance . ada have to walk around he to enter the store . official the Home Guard be power to enter any place it see fit , without notice or constraint . name of all deserter will be post in every town , publish in every newspaper . int . general store , cold mountain town . day the official continue outside as ada enter . ada approach Mrs castlereagh , the owner . ada be there a letter for I ? mrs . castlereagh nothing -- we be get no post through at all -- although if you slip out back the material you order have arrive . they go to the back of the store , to a screen - off area . Mrs. castlereagh hand she over a packet of material . there 's another , more furtive , transaction to take place . Mrs castlereagh hand over a second parcel as if it be narcotic . ada tear at the wrapping . it 's a parcel of book . mrs . castlereagh if folk know I be take delivery from the North . ada I know . thank you so much . mrs . castlereagh the sooner we lose this war the better . already one boy go , another with he leg take off at the knee . that 's enough . ada what do you hear ? mrs . castlereagh all I know be they say not one boy in ten from this mountain be come home again and most of they be deserter . ext . general store , cold mountain town . day ada emerge , almost collide with teague . she wriggle past he , try to make she package invisible . ext . approach to black cove farm - day it's winter . a solitary rider jog he horse through the frost , towards Black cove farm . ada be work at a handpump , fail to coax water from the well . she 's wrap in blanket . the farm be somewhat unkempt and so be she . the hem of she skirt be fray . she rip at it tear off a strip of material , which she bind around the handle in a attempt to thaw the mechanism . then she look up to see the horseman approach . it 's teague . ada immediately head inside the house . teague arrive at the house , take a brace of rabbit from he saddlebag . he head for the gate . the gate need oiling , the path be overgrown , he look at the pump handle , the abandon pitcher . ada open the door , pin she hair . teague it 's take I too long , but I have come to pay my respects . ada thank you . teague ( hand over the rabbit ) I reckone you might need fatten up . ada take they . she be very queasy with this dead animal . teague this house must bring bad luck . kill my granddaddy to lose it , then my daddy die on account of not have it , then you daddy die on account of get it . we should burn it down . ada do not somebody try ? teague lot to manage without help . need a hand with that pump ? ada no . teague I be happy to volunteer . ada but not to volunteer for the war ? teague the war ? I want to go . but you know : too old , too literate . plus I get no spleen . lose it from a horse 's kick . ada you have get no spleen . teague that 's the thing about a organ . you do not know you need it till you lose it . ( suddenly busy with a bayonet ) I want to clear this path . I can just as soon do it and talk as stand around and talk . then you can say man beat a path to you door . ada I would really prefer it if you do not do that . teague would you rather I do my job ? ( scything at the path ) see if there 's any material I should confiscate . for the war effort . ada I be raise in the good manners of the South where a gentleman do not enter a house with a woman alone . teague ( now he 's at the pump ) good manners do not quite make it to this mountain . if it do not yield meat , or you can not sit on it , or suck on it ... ( he get the pump go , water pour out ) and you be sleep all right ? this cold dark night ? ada I be sleep fine . teague it 's go to be a long hard winter . he turn and stop at the gate , run he hand through he hair and use the grease to ease the hinge . then step up onto he horse , and ride away . ada watch he . shudder . int . black cove farm . night ada come into the kitchen . a weak oil - lamp reveal the two rabbit , partially cover on a plate , fly buzzing around they , a little liquid leak from they . ada take a knife and contemplate skin gut they . suddenly she gather they up and run out . ext . black cove farm . night ada bury the two rabbit . the wind howl . she cover the little hole with soil and stone . pump out water to wash she hand . thinks she hear a noise , listen , alert to any unfamiliar sound , then hurry back to the house . int . black cove farm . night ada come inside , she close the door . lock it . put a chair against it . go upstairs , to she bedroom . int . black cove farm . night ada enter she bedroom . it 's a chaos of book , clothes , dish . she close the door , set another chair against it . then drag she armchair up against that , book and papers spilling onto the floor . she prop up inman 's portrait , on , the chair , as if he be guard she . sit on the bed and , desolate , begin to write : ext . the ocean by the hospital , charleston . day ada ( v.o. ) should I imagine you be dead and , that it be to you spirit I be write ? no word from you in all this time . if you receive this please know I be here and warring , too , with a faint heart . therapy for wounded soldier . some of that convalesc swim or be help to paddle in the heal sea . there be rudimentary wheelchair . inman , a long way from home , be amongst that sit in one of this , very still , grey and sick -- but alive . he pull at the dress on he neck , expose the still raw and livid wound to the sea air . inman have he bartram , he bookmark be the batter and fox picture of ada , which he consider , before continue to read . behind he a hundre slave at work in the field , and behind they the mansion which have become the hospital . a series of bell , of shout , and the slave stop work , prepare for the long walk home , congregate , then form a line , herde by the foremen . inman ease he position to bend over and dip he bandage in the seawater . he bring the wet bandage to he neck , consider the ocean , he fellow ragtag of wounded , the slave , the great field , the mansion . the whole meaning of this war around he . a gravel voice start to sing the blue , continue as -- ext . hospital , charleston . dusk the man return to the Hospital . a blind man be selling peanut which he roast over a small fire . he's singing as -- ext . chapel , cold mountain town . day -- a tintype of oakley be add to the Chapel 's votive , hammer in alongside rourke and Butcher . there be fifty or more image now , the paint flaking around they . the exterior of the Chapel , three year on , have take on the burden of recording history . there be no minister , no service , just the votive , daguerreotype or simply the name of that miss in action , accompany by tiny vase of wildflower . the town shroud in mist , and quiet . ext . black cove farm . spring . day everywhere sign of profound neglect , like a Grimm 's fairy tale of a desert house . the field be overgrown with weed , the garden abandon . the chicken have desert the henhouse and be wander around the outbuilding , scuffing at the pack dirt . Sally and esco come up the overgrown path , avoid the chicken , and knock at the door . sally ada ! ada , it 's Sally . they be see from ground level , through a boxwood , as they foot patrol the ground , turn away from the door , and then retreat , they voice drift away . ada be there , crouching in she hidey - hole , a blanket on the ground , she book . she want to reveal herself , but be too embarrassed . esco will you look at the state of this place ! sally poor soul . she 's get nobody and nothing and three hundred acre of misery . during this a rooster , black and gold , strut into the boxwood . as the rooster approach , ada shudder , try to shoo it away without alert she presence . ada peer through the boxwood as Sally and esco close the gate and recede . the rooster come at she again . she rise up , kick out at it , while he flare he wing , spur flay at she . ada run from the boxwood , torment by the triumphant rooster , which continue to fly and scratch , drive she into the house . int . ada' bedroom black cove farm . day ada dab at the scratch , she dress roll down to the waist to reveal she arm and shoulder . now she shuck off the dress completely and try to find a clean replacement . there be not one , so she hunt through the overflow laundry basket for something less dirty . int . monroe' bedroom , black cove farm . day ada enter she father 's room , wear undergarment . everything as he leave it and , in contrast to the rest of the house , extremely tidy . she open a wardrobe , find one of he coat , put it on . it 's much too big , and she roll up the sleeve , catch she pinch face and dishevel face in a swivel mirror . she turn the mirror away and the image swing into -- ext . gate of hospital , charleston . day -- the figure of inman walk , frail , grey . a kind of lurching walk , as if he balance be not guarantee . he get close to the gate and interest a Guard , on the lookout for would - be deserter . a blind man be selling peanut which he roast over a small fire . he 's always sing . inman approach . when inman speak , he voice be a croak . blind man get better all the time . inman seem that way . blind man I would not hurry . War 's almost do . inman where would you take you wound ? blind man before I be bear . never see a thing in this world , not a tree a gun or a woman . though I put my hand on all three . couple of thing I feel back there I would sure like to have have a long look at . he 's shoveling some peanut into a twist of paper . inman what would you give for that ? to have you eyeball back for ten minute ? blind man ten minute ! would not give a indian head cent . I fear it might turn I hateful . inman that 's sure what see 's do to I . blind man that be not the way I mean it . you say ten minute . it 's have a thing and then the loss I be talk about . inman then we do not agree . there 's not much I would not give for ten minute of someplace . blind man someplace or someone . inman same difference . blind man you watch yourself . they be shoot man who take themselves a walk . ext . tree promenade , charleston . day inman and a bunch of other walk wounded make they way , under supervision , towards the town . the grandeur of the approach , the carriage . the sorry state of the soldier . int . courthouse , charleston . day two great trestle table , load with clothes . underneath the table , boot -- lace together , origin various . the charitable womenfolk be help match clothes to recover soldier , some of whom be still on crutch , or in wheelchair . inman find a black dresscoat , some pants , a pair of boot . he accumulate a little pile . on he way out , a elderly and staunch confederate gentleman shake he hand and give he a apple from the barrel . ext . temporary barbershop , charleston . day inman emerge from the courthouse and join the line for a shave at the makeshift barbershop set up outside the courthouse . two barber , two chair . a very elegant square , some stucco - fronted building , a glimpse of the moneyed south in sharp contrast to the modest town of cold mountain . a auction house opposite advertise slave , cattle , land ... barber next . inman settles in the seat . the barber contemplate he scraggy beard , the livid , scabbed wound on he neck . barber ( nervous ) I will cut you hair , but I be not about to shave you . that thing open up , you head 's liable to falloff . int . hospital , charleston . predawn it be almost dawn . the window by inman 's bed be a frame give onto the still dark world . the night Guard pass by on its patrol of the perimeter . a clean -shaven inman be fully dressed under the cover . he get he hat , push he book into he knapsack and , with one step up , walk out of the window and into the world . ext . the ocean by the hospital , charleston . dawn inman , he footprint in the sand , as he hurry along by the edge of the ocean , away from the hospital ... ext . swanger farm . day -- as ada walk , the wind kick up around she , past the swanger place . she 's bent and curiously dress in she father 's coat . sally ( v.o. ) ada ... Sally swanger call out from the field . she 's concerned at ada 's gaunt , rag appearance . ada wait for she approach . sally you be skinny as a whippet , girl -- you be come indoors with I . ada I can not . I be not -- I need to clean some clothes . sally great God , you ever look at my husband ! I can not get he to wear decent Church clothes Christmas morning . hang on to I , the wind will blow you over . and she fold she arm into ada 's . they walk up the lane . int . swanger farm . afternoon ada eat . esco across from she contemplate she evident appetite , the oversize man 's jacket . Sally ladle more food onto ada 's plate . sally do not go back to that dark house . there 's a bed here , least till we boy get home . esco that you daddy 's coat ? ada I be say to Sally , I be not expect to be visit , so ... esco do not suit you . he start to chuckle , then ada , too , then Sally . esco I can not get up to you place this week . ( of Sally ) she 's mad at I -- ada I do not expect - esco -- more than I can do to keep this place half - manage . I be ready - to stop , I tell you . I just want to sit on my porch with sal , watch my boy in the field , holler good job ! every hour or so . sally what about you people in Charleston ? ada there be no people . and no money . my father have some bond and investment . they be worthless now , of course , the war have ... they be not worth anything . ( they look at each other ) I love it here . in spite of everything . esco and wait on a feller . a look from Sally . esco look down we well . ( Sally 's disgust with he ) she should ! look down we well with a mirror , you will see the future . s'what they say . ( to Sally ) you do it ! do not make that face . sally I know it be not rightly Christian , but it 's what folk do , like when they dangle a needle over the belly to see if you be carry a boy or a girl . ada what kind of mirror ? ext . yard , swanger farm . late day a image -- distorted , watery . it's hard to resolve but could be a corridor of tree . the SUN low at one end , the silhouette of a figure walking slowly forward , a sudden disturbance of crow . ada be bent backwards over the well , a hand mirror glint down into the blackness . the reflection be elusive against the bright evening sky , the sun almost set , and low . esco see anything ? ada I do not know . sally I try many a time , never see a dickybird . the image be clearer . the tree sharpen , the figure walk , the steep incline of the corridor , all fiercely black and white as if it be a carpet of snow and black hieroglyphs of tree , and crow fly . the trick of the glass and the watery disc of the well surface . a buzzing in ada 's ear , something like a distant music . then the figure seem to suddenly pitch forward , but at that moment , ada -- cant over , get dizzy have to move and the image fly away , replace with the sky , the flash of the set sun . sally you all right ? ada 's faint . she sit up , blank , a little shake . ada ( v.o. ) yesterday I find myself crouch over a well like a mad woman , which I suppose I have become ext . plantation . day inman walk along a expanse of marshland . great crane fly heavily over he . ada ( v.o. ) -- and stare down into its secret , I think I see you there , walk back to I -- ext . black cove farm . late afternoon ada be write in she father 's campaign chair , a blanket wrap around she , a rake propped next to she . ada ( v.o. ) -- or wish I do . ruby ( o.s. ) that cow want milk . ada look up from she write with a start . she cover she letter , guiltily , instinctively . in front of she , at the gate , be a young rawboned , feral woman , of indeterminate origins . she be barefoot , and dress in a hand - dye_ shift of blue . her name be ruby . ruby if that letter be not urgent , the cow be -- be what I be say . ada I do not know you . ruby Old Lady swanger say you need some help . here I be . ada be instantly defensive , intimidate . ada I need help , I need , I do need help , but I need a laborer -- there 's plow and rough work and -- I think there 's be a misunderstanding . ruby what 's the rake for ? ada the rake ? ruby ai not for gardening , that 's for sure . number one -- you get a horse I can plow all day . I be a worker . number two there 's no man better than I cause there 's no man around who be not old or full of mischief . I know you plight . ada my plight ? ruby be I hard to hear cause you keep repeat everything . I be not look for money , never care for it and now it be not worth nothing . I expect to board and eat at the same table . I be not a servant . do you get my meaning ? ada you be not a servant . ruby people will have to empty they own night jar , that 's my point . ada right . ruby and I be not plan to work while you watch neither . ada right . ruby be that a yes or a no ? ada ( look at Ruby ) yes . ruby there 's half the day yet . let 's make a start . my name 's Ruby . I know you name . ada the rake : there 's a rooster devil , I be sure of it . he 's lucifer himself . I go near he he 's at I with he spur . ruby I despise a flog rooster . where be he ? ada get up , nod to the corner of the yard . Ruby go over . the rooster gather himself up for a new opponent . in one movement she pick up the bird and twist off its head . ruby let 's put he in a pot . ext . cornfield . dawn inman 's walk on a track which pass through cornfield , the crop high and thick around he . he stop , hearing something . rider . he wade into the field , seek cover in the tall crop , lie in the dirt . horse appear . home guard men on patrol , a chain gang of prisoner : slave , deserter in tow , a couple of federal soldier . they have dog , which sniff and growl , intrigue by the field , call back by the Home Guard . inman wait until they be well out of sight . as he get to he feet in the great field , another body appear , then another , then another , then another , all slave on the run dotted around the field . he walk to the road , pay no heed to they . they assemble , pay no heed to he and move off in the opposite direction . inman turn , look at they . inman hey ! ( they stop , turn ) I would pay a dollar for a egg . a piece of cheese . they look at he , then continue on they way . int . ada' bedroom , black cove farm . predawn ada wake up to persistent knock . ruby ada ? ada ? you up ? ada yes. ( open she eye ) it 's still dark . ruby tell the cow that . it 's late . int . kitchen , black cove farm . predawn ada enter blearily , clutching she novel . Ruby already busy . ada I have to eat something . ruby then you have to get up earlier . ( at ada 's book ) what 's that ? ada a novel . ruby ( head outside ) you want to carry a book carry one you can write in -- ext . black cove farm . dawn Ruby emerge , follow by ada , chew on a tomato . ruby -- we get we own story . call Black cove farm : a catastrophe . she look back at ada for a reaction . ruby I can spell it , too . c-a-t-a-s-t-r-o - phe. learned the same place you do , in the schoolroom . that 's one of the first word they teach I . Ruby thewes , you be a ca-t-a-s-t-r-o- p - h - e... they be head for the stable . int . stable , black cove farm . day Ruby 's already pitching hay . turn to ada . ruby you muck out ? ada half - asleep , obedient , stunne by this energy . ruby Three year I be in school before my daddy -- say God rest he soul be like wishing he what he have in life , cause he live to rest , he be bear tired -- before my daddy decide there be better use for my backside than have it sit all day in front of a blackboard . ext . a field of weed , black cove farm . day Ruby dictate a list to ada as they bustle along . ruby number one -- layout a winter garden for cool season crop : turnip , onion , cabbage , green . ada scribbles , walk , scribbles . ext . barn , black cove farm Ruby up a ladder , inspect the roof . ruby number two : patch the shingles on the barn roof . do we have a maul and froe ? ada ( write , hold the ladder ) maul ? ruby m-a-u-l. ada I have no idea . int . cold house , black cove farm . day Ruby clean out leave and detritus from the stone channel , allow the stream to flow free and cool . ruby number three : clay crock for preserve . tomato . bean . jam . ext . bottom field , black cove farm . dusk Ruby do she version of soil analysis , scrunching the earth , taste it , spitting it out . ada make a face . ruby clear and turn this field . no harm do let it go fallow , now we will do well . ext . outbuildings , black cove farm . afternoon Ruby look up . ada catch up with she . ruby number fifteen ada sixteen . ruby number sixteen : let 's get a martin colony go in the gourd House . keep away crow . you get one thing in abundance on this farm and that 's crow . ada what 's a gourd House ? ext . apple orchard , black cove farm . dusk Ruby , delighted , contemplate the bounty of apple . ruby there 's survival . on they tree . ( turn to a exhaust ada ) you get a cider press or would that be wishing on a bless ? ada actually , yes , I think we do . Ruby whoops , jog away . ada , exhaust take a bite of a apple , watch she . ext . a bluff . night inman walk a rocky track , falling away to the river at one side , a steep cliff to the other , the way itself break and precarious , bad country to meet a enemy . inman see a light in the distance , a torch flick in and out of view , like a star to follow . he stop , narrow he eye to focus on the view , listen hard . he pull out the lemat . a man , all in black , a horse in tow , be at the edge of the gorge . the horse have a burden -- a sack or wrap bundle drape over either side of the saddle . the attempt to heave the bundle onto he shoulder . he can not , and the bundle slip to the ground , cover fall enough to glimpse a arm , a head . it be the body of a black girl . the man try again to lift she . he 's clearly upset , despair , he hat come off to reveal long , dandy 's hair , all extravagant curl . he stagger with the weight of the girl , head for the lip of the deep gorge . he kiss the girl again and again , cheek , mouth , mumble to she . he 's at the edge now and can just let she go . then inman be gun be at he temple . inman do not let go . just back up , nice and steady , do this all in reverse , you be go to end up with she drape back over you animal . veasey do not pull that trigger . I be a man of God . inman I have kill several of they . veasey I mean I be God 's minister . inman what part of God 's business be throw a woman down a gorge . veasey a slave woman , can you see that in this light ? she 's black as a bucket of tar . he 's retreate , on he way back to the horse . inman be she dead ? veasey drugged she . like you would a butterfly . and I care for she , that 's the heartbreak of it . he have the girl back on the horse . inman bring the torch up to he face . it 's tear-stain . veasey she 's get my bastard in she belly . what kind of pistol be that I never see the like of it ? ext . veasey town . night inman lead the horse , with veasey ahead of he , hand tie behind he back , desperate for a reprieve . veasey I be begging you . it 's better you blowout my brain than return I to this place . inman where do she live ? veasey in we house . she sleep in we kitchen . you do not know I , friend , but the good Lord punish I with want . I be all appetite . that 's all I do all day be want : food , the female part ... inman shut you mouth . I do not want a sermon every time I ask a question . they be in the town 's main drag now . there 's a Chapel and next to it , a small house . inman this you place ? veasey dear God of misery . inman you be go to put she back where she sleep . veasey I do that the member will lynch I . consort with a nigger , adultery , siring a bastard while serve as they preacher . we be a strict congregation we have church man for pick up a fiddle on the sabbath . inman so you reckone to kill she . disgust , inman approach the front door of the house . veasey there 's a back door . have pity . and he lead inman down a side path . int . veasey house . night veasey come in , now carry the girl . inman come behind , the gun train on veasey as he set she down by the fire . veasey ( whisper ) thank you . I be go to do a grievous wrong . he look long at the girl as he put the blanket around she shoulder . he turn to inman . vesey you taste dark meat ? sweet as liquorice . I think I should go back up to my wife . she wake at the slight noise . inman be incredulous that he think he can just go to bed ... inman you find I some paper and a pen . ext . chapel , veasey town . dawn inman have tied a very distraught veasey to a tree in front of he chapel . inman be pin a sheet of paper above veasey 's head . it 's cover in handwrite . a dog bark . veasey you be not entitle to judge I ! you be nothing but a outlier , plain as daylight ! inman have pull a handkerchief from veasey 's jacket . he stuff it into he mouth , cut this diatribe short . and then he walk away leave veasey tie to the tree , cursing through the handkerchief . int . ada' bedroom , black cove farm . predawn ada asleep . Ruby enter , shatter the calm . ruby Morning . Pigs : you have any loose in the wood ? ada no. what ? no . we buy we ham . ruby there 's a world more to a hog than the two ham ! lard , for example , we will need plenty -- she pick up some discard laundry , contemplate the overflow laundry basket . ruby the catastrophe of ada Monroe 's laundry . ( march out ) I can feel you shutting you eye . ext . bottom field . black cove farm . day ada and Ruby work with the horse to make the beginning of a split rail fence . as they struggle with a heavy rail , Ruby be testing ada . ruby what 's this wood ? ada I do not know . Locust ? ruby where 's North ? ada North be , North be -- ruby name I three herb grow wild on this farm . ada ( frustrated with Ruby and with herself ) I can not ! I can not ! all right ? I can talk about farming in Latin . will that do ? I can read french . I know harmony and counterpoint . I know my Bible . I can name the principal river of Europe , but do not ask I to name one stream in this county . I can embroider , but I can not darn , I can arrange cut flower , but I can not grow they . if a thing have a function , if I might do something with it , it be not consider suitable . ruby why ? ada Ruby , you could ask why ? about pretty much everything to do with I . they manage to get the first line of rail set down . ada this fence be about the first thing I have ever do that will produce a actual result . ruby so you never wrap you leg around this inman ? a old - fashioned look from ada ... ext . sunken forest . day inman find himself in a sunken forest of pine . he move warily , he beard longer , he figure gaunt , he clothes weather to a uniform smudge of charcoal . he hear dog barking in the distance , faint shout . he pick up he pace , skirt round the swampy lake . ext . cape fear river . dusk inman come to the bank of a huge river . the water , as the light begin to go , be the color of mud , with bubbles , belching to the surface , full of ugly prominent . inman be almost jogging now , a ear tracking he still distant pursuer . the river be too wide to contemplate swim and now it begin to curve leave , force he -- against he judgment , to circle back . he approach a SMALL jetty . a sign : ferry $ 5 . yell loud . on the far bank there 's a cabin on stilt above the highwater mark . inman call out , reluctantly , he voice still a kind of growl . then again . a tiny figure step out of the cabin and wave before jump into a small canoe . the canoe head against the current , the rower 's back bent with the effort . as the canoe approach , inman see that the ferryman be , in fact , a young girl , not eighteen . she do not look at he . he produce five dollar . she eye the bill with contempt . ferrygirl for five dollar I would not give a parched man a dipper of this riverwater . inman sign say ferry , five dollar . ferrygirl this look like a ferry ? my daddy 's dead , or go off to the federal , do not matter which . I be the way across now . inman what 's the name of this thing ? ferrygirl nothing but the mighty cape fear River , be all . a dog bark in the distance . get closer . inman turn to the sound . the ferrygirl be well aware of she leverage . ferrygirl nobody cross this water unless they be run from someplace . some cross one way , some the other : make no difference , they be all run . you want to wait for you friend ? inman I can give you thirty dollar script . ferrygirl let 's go . voice ( o.s. ) hey ! hey ! wait ! inman be astonished to see veasey stumble out of the tree . his head be shave , he face bruise and swollen , he clothes castoff and ill-fitting , cinched at the waist with rope . he stumble towards inman , urging he to get on with the journey . veasey keep go . we be both in trouble . he get straight into the canoe . inman no . get out . veasey it 's homeguard . make I tell they all about you . inman I should have shot you when I have the chance . shout , more bark . inman jump in the canoe , and they be off . the ferrygirl turn the boat around , row they away from the jetty with the grace of someone do something for the thousandth time . veasey I be not look for revenge , by the way . for what you do to I . no , I be a pilgrim now , like you , travel the road , pay we due , rely on the kindness of stranger . inman you be nothing like I and the last thing I want right now be a conversation . veasey ( to ferrygirl ) you recall job in the scripture ? I will give free utterance to my complaint . I will speak in the bitterness of my soul . that 's we friend here ... ( to inman ) they cut off my hair . which be hard . I be vain about my hair . ( to ferrygirl ) I have good curl . but I deserve it . I be the reverend veasey . have I see you in church ? inman sit , scour the bank for sign of he pursuer . the sun be sink fast . ferrygirl I be save for a cowhide , and when I get it I aim to get a saddle make , and when I get I a saddle I will save for a horse , and when I get a horse I will throw on the saddle , and then you will not see my sorry ass round this swamp again . she have no love for the river . another gurgle of viscous bubbles around the canoe . veasey what 's that ? ferrygirl catfish . ' gator . keep you hand in the boat . already look like some critter chew he neck . ( she look at inman ) thirty more dollar , we can go to the cabin . I will pull this dress over my head . veasey ( excited ) have we get thirty dollar ? a sharp sound , a tiny thwack of ball on meat . the ferrygirl suddenly slump back and fall into the water . veasey grab out at the oar , but it go , too . the girl sink quickly , a bloody gap to the side of she head . inman , on he knee and stretch , can not help she . then a second noise as a hole the size of a fist appear in the canoe , just at waterlevel . Water pour into the canoe . dog bark , and now figure be visible at the jetty . home guard . one of they have a sniper 's rifle and be load for a third shot . inman can see he sighting the rifle . they lie flat in the canoe . another great fist of wood be gouge out . now the boat be almost full of water . veasey spit out a foul mouthful . inman rock the canoe and lets it turn over onto they , veasey surface from under it , clutching the wood as a raft , but the canoe catch inman a blow to he head and he sink . veasey haul he to the surface and , surprisingly strong , hold he with one fist , the boat with the other , let the current take they , pull they under , then up , under , then up , but cling on , as the rifle continue to deliver its assault , another shot into the boat , another into the water near to veasey 's arm . the girl body come by they , carry by the river , the dress billow out almost cover she head . the sun have go , the light fade , the canoe slide downriver away from they aggressor . ext . another part of the cape fear . night in the moonlight , the canoe drift into the muddy bank and veasey drag a half - drown inman to land , both of they retching with the vile river water . a alligator ease into the river not ten foot from where they lie , lung heaving . they get up . veasey to he foot , inman to he knee . veasey you okay ? inman nod , cough . and veasey aim a kick at inman 's head , knock he back into the mud . inman Jesus , god ! veasey I figure that righteous , give we history . otherwise I would bear a grudge on we journey . inman there 's nowhere I be go with you except to hellfire ! int . ada' bedroom . black cove farm . night ada , she hair plait in a new and simpler configuration , be work on Ruby 's hair , while Ruby experiment with some earring . a pile of ada 's jewelry on the bed beside they . ada agricola poetis viam non monstrat . ruby which mean ? ada the farmer do not point out the road to a poet . ruby which mean ? should be the other way round ada which mean , I suppose , which mean the poet should know where he 's go . ruby ( of ada 's hairdress ) it 's no wonder you be helpless and hopeless if it take this long to fix you hair . ( of the Latin ) say some more . ada terra mutata non mutat more . ( can not believe she know all this phrase by heart ) it 's appall what 's in my head . ruby it 's appall what 's in my head ? ada no , it mean : a change of place do not change a character . ruby well that 's surely true even in English . ada you can keep that earring . ruby we can not keep anything . ada I have to keep the bangle . they be my mother 's . ruby well that 's all . the rest be for trading . else they can bury you in you finery . ada ( of she hair ) you be do . there 's a small mirror on a stand . it have inman 's picture stick in it . she pick it up , remove the tintype , and hold it up for Ruby to see she hairstyle . ruby good God ! okay . she take the mirror and show ada she simple plait . ada I like it . ruby take two minute . that 's what I like . she put the earring back in the pile . ruby how much do you love that piano ? ext . black cove farm . dusk the piano jangle down the rutte lane on the back of Mr. Roy 's cart . ada watch , a SMALL flock of sheep milling around she in the path . Ruby be drag a big sow towards the yard . ada pick up one of two sack and stagger towards the house . int . kitchen , black cove farm . dusk ada arrive in the kitchen . they have get it under control now , scrubbed and orderly . she put the sack down next to another one . her hand be callouse , the finger nail crack and ruin , stripe of earth under they . Ruby come in , struggle with the last sack , pleased . ruby we be careful we will get through the winter now . I make old man Roy give I ten of that sheep on account of I say they be so small put together they be no bigger than six proper sheep . ada my father always want sheep on this land . ruby I be sorry you have to lose you piano . I cut off my hair once , for money . my daddy get two dollar for it . make a wig for a rich feller in Raleigh . they be work as they talk , take the sack into the larder , put out stuff for the evening meal . ruby stobrod call himself a musician -- my daddy -- he could play six tune on a fiddle . get himself shot dead at Petersburg . I be like he goat or some creature tethere to a post . he leave I once , up the mountain . I be eight . he be go over two week . ada oh Ruby . ruby ( defiant ) I be all right ! he would walk forty mile for liquor and not forty inch for kindness . ada and you mother ? ruby never meet she . we be the same in that regard . he say she be -- he tell I a thousand storey -- she be a wolf or a indian or a donkey . do not say much for he , except you know he would be fast to work up a sweat on a tree if he think there be pleasure in it . there 's a pause . Ruby not easy with she emotion . abruptly she jump up . ruby there 's cow to milk . ext . river , en route to salisbury . day inman stand in the river , hope to catch a fish , try to concentrate . veasey preside , complain ... veasey use to be as regular as morning prayer . matter of fact I could set my watch by my bowel . that beeswax you feed I , day before yesterday , it stop a man up . open my gut now they would find turd stack up like little black twig . on a parallel track across the river , rider ... impossible to say whether Home Guard or a Federal raiding Party . inman splashes out of the water , push veasey down , silencing he . the rider pass . veasey spot something shine in the grass , pick it up . it be a long two - handed saw . veasey hey ! look at this ! ( flex it ) this be a good see . inman ( get up ) it 's not yours . you take it , you make we another enemy . you be a Christian -- don ' t you know you commandment ? veasey you will find the good Lord very flexible on the subject of property . we could do a lot with this see ... inman be vex , walk away . veasey follow , experiment with the see 's music when flex . inman stalk on . ext . near a ford . day inman way ahead , full of purpose . veasey still have the see , trot to catch up . veasey why you in such a hurry the whole time ? ( no answer ) hurry or slow the destination be always the same . it 's only the journey that be different . that 's either in the good Book or I make it up . inman suddenly stop , scowling , put up a hand , listen . inman carefully scout the track then , with great caution , edge towards the river bank . a heavy set man labour in the water . he 's contemplate the huge black carcass of a bull which have slip into the ford and die . the man be wet and exasperate . veasey good day to you ! the man turn , he spirit evidently lift by the prospect of help . his name be junior . he 's work on roping the animal . junior my old bull , wander off and die in this here creek . foul up we water be how I find it . veasey be immediately a authority on bull removal . veasey this be a tricky one . the three man contemplate the carcass , swatting away the swarm of fly . junior offer a swig from a jug of liquor . inman refuse , veasey take a long pull , shudder happily . veasey the name for the bull 's member be a tassel . I learn that and never forget it . junior reckon I need a train of mule . veasey ( walk away ) I be get a idea . my see be the remedy . let 's see up some wood and make lever . inman then what ? veasey lever he out . this will work ! he walk into the wood . junior where you two sport head ? inman ( inscrutable ) I do not know where he 's head . I be go down the road . and I get a good way to go before nightfall . junior ( acknowledge he attitude ) charitable of you to make a stop . ai not for I to be curious . veasey ( emerge from the wood ) how do you work this damn thing ? inman ( to veasey ) give I that see . ( to junior ) come on . he take the see , walk to the bull , get on one side , indicate junior should go to the other . inman let 's do this in chapter . and they begin to saw off the bull neck . later , and they be in a vile stew of blood and innard . the stomach open and its content gush into the creek . veasey be disgust , draw back . the two other man haul up the rest of the animal onto the bank . they be exhaust . inman you might want to leave off that water for a day or two . junior there will be a tang , I would imagine . ext . track approaching junior' cabin . evening junior , inman and veasey come around a bend and there 's a big cabin looming . it 's in such poor repair that one end have slip from the stone which serve as it 's foundation and stand badly tilted over . junior root up another hide jug of liquor , which he drink from , then hand to veasey . junior there 's my place . hope you can stomach a yard chock - full of female . bring my woman home , she show up with she three so-called sister and they brat . the noise in that place be something awful . it 's why I go hunt . veasey ( consider the wild camber ) look a bit crooked . junior it be on a bit of a tilt . they female . they all roll down one end each night ! veasey -- Roll I over ! junior -- in the clover veasey one good fart -- that will tip over ! they guffaw , delighted in the alcohol haze . veasey suddenly exclaim , hand in the air , rush into the bush . veasey oh God of my God ! hallelujah ! hallelujah ! junior what 's up ? veasey the israelite ! the tribe of Israel be about to flee from the bank of Egypt ! hallelujah ! inman ( explain to junior ) he 's get a shit come on . it 's overdue . junior ( bewilder ) and he 's a preacher ? like a Christian ? inman like a Christian . junior good God . ext . junior' cabin . dusk the three man arrive at the yard . dog and child mill around the visitors . four women come out , one after the other each of they in simple shift which seem to emphasis they voluptuousness , or so it seem to veasey . they freely stare . junior this two boy be stop for supper . they're on the road to atonement . the woman consider the man , then disappear back inside . veasey atonement be not a place . junior so what be it when it 's at home ? veasey that be fine example of the female . junior take they all and leave the see . be a sight more use . shyla ( reappearing ) if they want to get in a tub there 's a hour before food . junior they love to scrub a man . ( to shyla ) put the water on the boil . ( back to the man ) it 's my liquor , get they titty swinging . veasey ( excited ) God damn ! ( to inman ) I be right about sheep dropping that stool -- like rock hard . quite astonish . int . smokehouse at junior' cabin . dusk no real furniture . veasey be shave . inman stow he knapsack behind the woodburn stove , on which a big kettle of boil water steam away . then he get in the tub , he back to the door . shyla come in , bring the kettle over to the tub , pour in the steaming water . she appraise inman . it 's intensely sexual . shyla that 's batter flesh . ( of he neck wound ) I could work a finger in there . veasey he 's a hero . take that wound at Petersburg . inman he do not know what I am. ( uncomfortable with she stare ) thanks . shyla ( to veasey ) he 's shy , be not he ? veasey wait up a few minute , I will be in that tub , then we will see who 's a shy one . shyla I want to poke my thumb in he hole . a second woman come to the door . dolly . dolly lila say supper 's up . int . junior be cabin , night lila , junior be wife , spoon out stew from a vast pot . the table cramme with customer -- she three sister , the three man , the herd of dog and filthy child . nobody speak . each time lila bend over to spoon out of the pot , she cleavage strain against the flimsy fabric of she dress . veasey 's mesmerize . inman be also get drunk , he eye increasingly glaze . when lila make to sit down next to junior , he slide a hand up she dress , expose a naked buttock , which he stroke and pinch as he pull away . lila hey ! junior grin , look over at inman , then nudge veasey . junior he 's go now . look ! his eye have go . inman ( vaguely , drunk ) what ? veasey dolly ? dolly s'me . veasey dolly , lila , shyla and mae . that 's a poem . that 's a poem . he begin to recite , have a verse in he mind . veasey dolly , lila , shyla and mae ( but he can ' t summon it ) Da - da da - da da - da dae ... ( vague ) ... there 's a poem there . junior I be leave soon as I be full . veasey really . Goodbye . junior get a bunch of trap need visit . I will be back tomorrow , before dark . you will still be here ? veasey that 's my fervent prayer . junior my house be you house . inman ( suddenly ) like to wash they hand and pray . veasey say again ? inman dolly , lila , shyla and mae . veasey that 's job . do not say much but even liquore up there 's a preacher in he . inman get up suddenly , sway . inman I will say my goodby , get mile and mile to go before sunset . ( head spin ) I will just quickly lie down . and he stumble over to the fire where he instantly curl up . veasey I be head for that smokehouse and I be ready to be wash clean of my dirt . he get up , wander out of the door . junior 's eye glint . he jerk he head towards the girl then in the direction of the smokehouse . junior you go tend to he . ( to lila ) I will be see you . he pick up he gun and leave dolly gather up the child and herding they out . dolly come on you -- get ! shyla stay , mae have go off after veasey . lila wait until the child have go . they consider inman supine by the fire . lila he 's mine . you can go rub yourself off on the preacher . ( of inman ) gonna make he hug I till I grunt . lila shepherd shyla out , shut the door , swig from the jug , walk over to inman , then turn to the big table and push pot and plate way down to one end to make a play field . then she bend over the prostrate inman . lila hey ! inman stir , glaze . lila ( kneel down to he ) you want to see what mamma 's get for you ? she slip a sleeve of her dress to reveal a full breast . inman be drunk , do not think he 's awake . she take she breast to he mouth , and inman suckle . then she put he hand under the dress which ride up as he hand move between she leg . she 's naked . lila that 's good . ai not that sweet ? she pull inman to he feet , kiss he , then turn her back and lie face down on the table , her bare ass undulating in the AIR . lila you just get on and ride I all the way to China . he do not move , except to sway , eye glaze . she turn . lila you shy ? you need a hand ? ( go to he button ) let 's have a look see what we can muster . she 's kneel now , she dress hunch up around she middle , work the front of inman 's pants . he 's in a swoon , surrender to she , get arouse , he hand cupping she head . on cue , the door crash OPEN and he's staring down the barrel of junior' shotgun . as lila turn , junior kick her violently in the head , knock she over . junior you little bitch ! look at you ! cover yourself up ! next he swing the shotgun barrel against the side of inman' head . inman fall back . junior go to the door and whistle . and with that the room fill up with a group of home guard bristling with weapon and purpose . they seize inman , drag he out as junior spit and kick at he . int . smokehouse at junior' cabin . night lila enter the smokehouse , hand to she bruise head . veasey' on the floor , with dolly astride he , he arm crushing a naked mae into a embrace . he consider lila , beam : veasey I have a special prayer you would come visit . three men burst in behind her , rifle raised . ext . junior' cabin . night veasey lead out , a chain gang wait -- a bedraggle collection of prisoner , slave , deserter -- and now inman . veasey be join to the line . it start to rain . ext . swanger farm . day Ruby and ada at the door of the swanger house . they both wear Monroe 's clothes by now , like two little man . they 're carrying a SMALL sack , a pie under a cloth . Ruby hammer at the door , a little impatient . Sally swanger open it , have to decode who it be under the clothes , the hat . sally ada Monroe and Ruby thewes ! look at you both ! ruby look at we both what ? sally like a coupla scarecrow after a thunderstorm . ruby we need a scarecrow , bird eat up half we winter garden . ada Sally 's right . we should both stop toil and stand a while with we arm stretch out . I will volunteer . ruby we get something for you . ada for all you kindness . coffee . and a pie . ruby that 's real coffee . it be not hickory and dirt . sally ( take the gift ) thank you both . ( of the pie ) Ruby , I look forward to this . we all do . esco and I . ruby ( grin at ada ) she make it . ada I make it . sally good God in Heaven . ruby ( by way of recommendation ) I be still alive . Sally 's strangely awkward , linger at the door , stare at the gift ... ruby we will be get along . sally ( nodd ) I know esco 's go to be real sorry he miss you . you all take care . they all kiss , then the girl walk back down the path . Ruby be vex . ruby that strike you as odd ? ada what ? ruby stood at she front door ? ada Sally ? ruby number one -- I know that woman all my life . I never stand outside she house -- she would invite a wolf inside if it knock on the door . ada perhaps , I do not know , perhaps she be busy . ruby number two -- Old man swanger be inside that house : I could smell he pipe burn . number three -- look at this field . ada what about they ? she contemplate the stubble field they be pass . ruby we come by here a week ago , they be waist high in hay . ext . a path . drive rain . night the Home Guard ride , bent under they oilskin , as the rain tip down . between the horse , unprotect and drench , they prisoner trudge along the muddy path . inman and veasey among they . veasey have grow some beard . a older man collapse , lie where he fall , not move . there 's a domino effect and so inman fall on top of he . he pick himself up , then try to pull up the older man . he do not move . inman he 's dead . the horse plough on . inman shout to brown , the leader . inman this man 's dead ! nobody pay any attention . he have to drag the body . ext . veasey town . day the home guard escort the prisoner past veasey' old church . more day have go by and take they toll on the prisoner , veasey and inman be haggard and filthy and reduce . the Home Guards stop for food , a wash , a break , chain the prisoner to a horse rail . citizen go by , veasey know they all . some of they spit contemptuously at the deserter . none of they recognise veasey . veasey be I so alter that they do not see I ? somebody walk by with a young child . veasey look at inman . veasey I christen that child . the child stop , look without recognize , be tug away from the chain gang by he mother . one of the other prisoner , sheffield , lean in to inman , he voice low . sheffield I be look to get out of this . they drag we back to fight -- we be just target practice for the Federal boy . inman you run , we be all run with you , the lame and the stupid , of which we number both . sheffield either way we be fuck . run or do not run . inman just give I some warning so I can tell the guard -- I be not get shot again for some cause I do not believe in . a group of slave be walking by , carrying sack . one of the woman be pregnant . veasey study the group , see the pregnant woman , recognize she . veasey ( mesmerize ) that 's Rebecca . that 's Rebecca . ( he hiss ) Rebecca ! in daylight it 's apparent that Rebecca be a real beauty . she turn at the sound of she name , stop , be confuse . she see veasey and approach , appal at he condition . rebecca mas ? veasey be it well with you ? ( Rebecca nod ) I have be repent for what I do . I have walk the road of atonement . rebecca you curl be all go . the guard kick he . guard hey ! veasey ( hold he head , to Rebecca ) God bless you . Rebecca , reluctant , rejoin the other slave , walk away with they , but then turn back to look at veasey . she clearly care about he . and see she have somehow break he heart . he turn away from inman , towards Sheffield . veasey I be with you . I get a baby come . ext . railroad track . day the chain gang trudge down the track , horse on either side of they , steep bank form a V for the railroad . a train be coming . Brown ride up to the prisoner , herd they off the track . the train approach quite slowly -- the boxcar full of wounded soldier . some of the Home Guard dismount , take out pipe . the prisoner wait , one of they sit down . Sheffield say something to veasey , who casually yank up the sit prisoner . inman suddenly understand what 's go to happen . the train be almost on they . inman no ! but it 's too late . sheffield jerk forward in front of the train , pulling all the other with he , they reluctance tempere by the possibility of be crush by the oncoming train . somehow the chain gang get across the track , stumbling and chaotic , the chain yanking tight , then loose , the tight cause a collapse , the loose a recovery . they run alongside the train , block themselves from the fire of the Guard , Sheffield scream tactic -- and then , as the train start to pull past they , they run up the bank , now all as a unit scramble to the steep summit . on the other side of the train the home guard have remounted there horse and be riding hard alongside it . then they have sight of the escape prisoner silhouett at the top of the bank like a line of paper doll stretch out along the ridge . Sheffield 's yell with adrenaline , veasey join in , elate . one of the guard raise a rifle , steady himself on he horse , fire . he catch veasey , who crumple , spin round and fall down the bank , until inman use all he strength and practically lift he in the air . the chain recover and work back up the bank . but then a second bullet catch another prisoner and this time the effect be catastrophic -- the whole gang just flip over and plummet down the bank . the Home Guard approach , fire randomly at the body as they tumble into the ditch by the side of the track . until all movement cease . inman have a wound to he head which bleed profusely , almost completely cover he face . Brown arrive , consider the carnage . brown get this sack of shit under the ground . int . barn , black cove farm . dawn ada 's milk . it 's barely daylight . she 's slowly become a country girl . Ruby appear in the doorway . ruby someone 's be in the corncrib . ada you sure ? ruby it 's a coon or possum . scratch out a fist hole in the side . this place ! I be tell you -- we grow , other eat . I will go into town , take the last of the cider and trade for a trap . int . monroe' bedroom , black cove farm . day ada be in Monroe 's bedroom , look out as Ruby go off to town , jug of cider swing either side of the horse . ada go over to Monroe 's closet , pull out some clothes . ext . the winter garden , black cove farm . day ada button Monroe 's dress coat and complete the scarecrow she 's spend the day make , save for the hat , which she now fix on , push in a hat pin to secure it . she 's make a stern black thing and step back to consider it . horseman come riding along the lane . it 's teague and he man . he do not stop but raise he hat to ada . int . kitchen , black cove farm . day ada look out at the Winter Garden . from that distance it really do look like she father out in the field , arm outstretch as if wait for she to run to he . she find it unbearable , she tear come , run out into the field , attack the scarecrow , pull off the hat , the clothes ... ext . railroad track . morning the SOUND of tiny bell . a misty drizzle . a goat snuffles around in the freshly turn dirt : a hand , pale and wet , protrude from the thin layer of earth cover the body of the murder chain gang . something shift under the dirt , break the surface . inman wedge under three or four corpse -- they limb and chain wrap around he , have regain consciousness . he cough , can not breathe properly , try to work himself some air , spitting out dirt . he make a noise to distract the goat , rattling the chain . inman rear up , the body slithering off he , but even then the animal only retreat a yard or two . veasey slide face up , a bullet in he forehead like a mystical third eye . inman feel a surprising loss and tenderness . he heave again , groan with the pain of new and old wound . ext . old mill , cold mountain . day Ruby ride back from town along the river . a ugly look trap tie over the horse and three or four bulg sack . by a abandon mill she see the Home Guard under the tree . she slow up . teague what you look to catch ? ruby what ? teague with that trap . ruby we get some critter steal we corn . teague still but the two of you up there , be it ? ruby you know it . teague when we get a cold night , campe out , try to keep the rule of law , protect girl like you from federal and deserter , that 's a think warm we ( to he man ) be not it ? -- the two of you up there on my Grand -daddy 's farm , dress in man 's clothes . warm we right up . what you get in the sack ? ( to the man ) look like human head ! eh? look like a bunch of head . we get competition ! Ruby ride on . she ride around the bend -- she 's not far from the swanger farm . ext . railroad track . day goat , they bell tinkling , munch around the track . one of they turn at a noise -- a grotesque vision -- a moving , seething mound of dirt . it 's inman , inching along the embankment , the chain of dead body in tow , a macabre tug of war . he consider the goat , they consider he . he rear up and find himself staring down the barrel of a shotgun . ext . swanger farm . day Sally be pin out white sheet , they be fill out like sail in the afternoon wind . Ruby ride up . Sally seem a little vex to see she . she walk down to the gate . sally Ruby ... ruby I be not stop , Sally . I be not snooping neither . just you should know teague and he boy be lurking down by pigeon River , the old mill . sally ( after a beat ) you tell ada that be a good pie . Ruby ride off . Sally watch , then go inside the house , she energy change immediately , as if she might faint . ext . maddy caravan . afternoon harsh whistle . a secret place , in the heart of a forest . there 's the answer sound of SMALL bell , a chorus of they . inman be drag into view on a makeshift litter . goat appear , they herd around the figure drag the litter . it be a old woman , silver haire , she face a leather map , she clothes leather , everything about she like old leather . her name be maddy . she and inman round a bend and there 's maddy 's house -- a old caravan , long grow into the ground and plait with vine and creeper . inman try to sit up . a old whiskered billygoat butt up against inman , knock he down . maddy pay no attention to the struggle , head inside she caravan . maddy mind that billy , he 's the jealous kind . she emerge , with a bowl of water , rag , wash he face , push back he hair to look at he wound , put a finger to the gash on he neck professional in she appraisal . inman be barely conscious , he groan , try to defend himself . maddy pay no attention to I . what happen to you head ? inman Fighting . maddy and you neck ? inman different fight . maddy you be the color of a cadaver . I will fix you . I can fix you up . inman ( speak of he spirit ) mister -- you could fix I I would be in you everlast debt . maddy debt , fight -- they word do not mean much round here . for the record , I be a female of the species . ext . bottom field , black cove farm . day Ruby ride up to the farm . she ride past the winter garden , admire the scarecrow -- which now parodies ada , the same outfit she once wear to visit inman , the same dress , same hat . Ruby grin as ada come over from the field . ruby the hat 's a nice touch . Ruby get off the horse , and they start unload sack . ruby you be quiet . ada I cry for my daddy . I dress up the scarecrow in he suit and he come back , he arm out , say you never cry enough , you never cry enough . ruby well now you do . ada then I think , it 's not my daddy , it 's my sweetheart . I see he once that way , when I look down Sally 's well . so I dress the scarecrow in the dress I wear the day he leave . in case he spirit fly over look out for I . ( of the vicious look trap ) that look terrible . Ruby open the sack . ada cabbage . ruby I bargain like lucifer . we can make all kind of good eat . ada such as ? ruby cabbage . slaw , sauerkraut , cabbage soup , fry cabbage , stuff cabbage ... ext . swanger farm . day teague' men ride up to the farm . esco 's out in the field , labour away , but with he shotgun by he . teague stop alongside the field , the rail between he and esco . esco stop work , pick up he shotgun and go over . teague have four man with he . mo and jo , the twin , huge , and with the appearance of have less than one brain between the two of they , grayling , a reluctant - look man , funereal in he bear , and bosie . teague afternoon . the rider slowly fan out , almost as if choreograph . esco do not spread out . why they spread out ? teague I be not spread out . I be sit here . esco come over the rail fence , he gun loose in he hand . teague never know a man work in he field with a shotgun . esco there 's a war on . teague get to watch out for the bogey man . he start to fish out a tobacco pouch . esco 's gun swing up . teague show he the leather pouch , shrug , start to make a cigarette . int . swanger farm . day from inside the house , Sally watch everything . her view impair by the sheet . ext . swanger farm . day Mo dismount . amble past esco , look behind the sheet . esco kick out at he , the shotgun rigid and point . esco get off my land . Mo examine he breech for a dust mark , wipe it off , retreate in a turkey walk of examine and dusting . teague you boy come back . esco ai not see my boy in four year . they be fight other boy , not old man and woman . teague ( to he man ) he mean we . he 's refer there to we . ( to esco ) so you will not care if we take a look around ? esco what I gotta give you ? a chicken ? a lamb ? teague ( shrug ) sure . esco right then . teague thing be -- you get one barrel and there 's five of we . not a fair fight . bosie suddenly drop off he horse , roll on the ground . bosie bogey man ! bogey man! esco be momentarily distract and , in that instant , Mo kick out at he , knock the gun from he hand , which fire into the air , a shocking sound . ext . black cove farm . day Ruby and ada digging a trench by the smokehouse , lay in the pale head of cabbage . they hear the distant shot . ruby what 's that ? they stop . listen . look at each other , start run . ext . swanger farm . day jo set on esco , knock he - backwards into a sheet , where it get twisted , while jo kick and punch , little spot of blood stain the sheet with each blow . mo pull out he sabre and run esco through , leave the sabre in deep , pinning esco to the sheet , then spinning he round in the sheet so that it tightens . a stain grow out from the blade , huge and spread . teague walk to esco . teague you be harbour deserter . I can confiscate every animal on this farm , every plate , every sheet , every little pellet of chicken shit -- I can confiscate you old lady 's asshole , so do not offer I a bird . Sally run out , scream . she try to pull out the sabre . mo reverse he rifle and club her to the ground . teague ( sharply ) hey ! Mo back away . Sally be scream . she watch , helpless , as esco die in front of she , the sheet grow a darker red . teague you get you bait . set it on the hook . bosie , smiling , fetch a rope from he horse , already noosed at one end . he flip the loop over sally head . int . barn , swanger farm . day ellis and acton swanger emerge from they hide place , unable to bear the sound of they mother 's scream . they be carry a axe , a pitchfork , mad for revenge . ext . swanger farm . day bosie be do some sort of dance along the fence rail . he 's very graceful , he hair fly , he hand out , one finger nail extremely long , he boot stamp down on the fence . under he stomping feet , the rail post be pressed on sally swanger' thumb . she can not scream any longer , because the noose have practically strangle she . the rope 's tie off to bosie 's horse , which yank on the noose with every slight movement . Sally be prostrate in the dirt . her two boy come run from the barn . teague casually , shoot ellis with he rifle . bosie lets acton get all the way toward he and then shoot he from a yard away , the gun suddenly springing into he hand . as acton fall , bosie doe a flip to dive off the post and land on he feet next to acton' body . ext . swanger farm . dusk ada and Ruby , riding together on the horse , arrive at the swanger . sally be still pinned under the fence post . the noose around she neck have be tie off to the post so that she can not move . there 's a bloody sheet drape over the edge of the well . blood on the ground . Ruby heave at the fence . ruby I can not get this damn thing off she . ada ( at the well , look down ) dear Lord in heaven . ruby ada , I can not get this off she ! ada run over . they struggle , can not lift it . Sally 's lip be move . ruby what darling ? what ? she bend down , listen to she . look up at ada . ruby she 's say do not bother . ada wait ! she grab a thick log off the stack , stagger back and in a second they have insert it into the fence and lever it up and away from Sally 's hand . they fall back onto the dirt . Ruby cradle Sally . ada nod towards the well . ada there 's someone down there . I think it 's esco . Ruby look over at the well , then at ada . ruby this world will not stand long . God will not let it stand this way long . int . maddy caravan . day a exotic interior , many crock and jar , bunch of herb , wrap papers of dry thing , like a woodland apothecary store . inman wake up . he find himself in a small cot , wrap in blanket , a poultice at he neck . he do not know where he be or how long he 's be there . ext . maddy caravan . day maddy 's sit on a stool . there 's a circle of stone where she fire life and she set the tinder to it . inman emerge from the caravan . he 's pale and unsteady . inman how long have I be sleep ? maddy not long enough . inman I can not stop here . I be a deserter . they find I here thing could be bad for you . maddy what they go to do ? cut short my young life ? sit down before you fall down . she call over a little goat . it amble over affectionately and nuzzle into she hand . she stroke it and scratch under the chin . the creature get increasingly tranquil . inman how long you be up here ? maddy what year be we ? ' 63 ? inman last time I check it be ' 64 . maddy I would say twenty six year . inman twenty six year ! maddy I could move on anytime . I have see most of the world anyway , Richmond in the North , south almost to Charleston . you be go somewhere or you be somewhere , what 's the difference ? she 's still stroking the goat . it look as if it 's asleep . maddy I have learn a person can survive off pretty much of a goat . I can not abide a chicken , but a goat give you company and milk and cheese and then , when you need it , good meat . in a single motion she have a knife in she hand and have slit the throat of the goat , put the bowl underneath its neck to catch the blood , still stroking the goat , which blink as if it be only surprised and not die . maddy so you have be fight ? inman ( as if he might break ) I could be at kill for day sometimes , in the hand to hand , my foot against the foot of my enemy and I always kill he and he never kill I . maddy he give it a try , to look at you . inman I guess he do . maddy see I think there 's a plan . there 's a design . for each and every one of we . during this she 's shuck the skin off the goat with the authority of someone who 's do this a thousand time . maddy you look at nature , a bird fly somewhere , pick up a seed , shit the seed out , a plant grow . Bird 's get a job , seed 's get a job . and the goat be now thin and pink , eye bulg , a piece of meat . int . maddy caravan . evening a woodburn stove with a single cooking plate -- on which piece of the goat meat , sprinkle with herb , be sizzling in a pan . inman be eating like a man possessed , wrapping the meat in corn fritter and pushing they into he mouth . maddy watch he , add another mound of meat to he plate . inman nod in thanks , but -- do not look up . she open a jar and take out a handful of dry poppy head , put they near the stove , then dip into another jar and pull out what look like old cheroot stub . maddy take one of this now with you food . inman be circumspect , view the stub lozenge with suspicion . maddy swallow it . if you die I will give you you money back . inman put it in he mouth , gag at the taste of it . she hand he a beaker with milk to wash it down . maddy we mind be not make to hold on to the particular of pain , the way we do bliss . she start steaming the poppy . inman it 's true ... maddy what be ? inman what you remember . maddy what 's she name ? inman ada . ( at the food ) -- sometimes I think I be crazy when I be just hungry -- ( another mouthful ) ada Monroe . maddy and be she wait for you ? inman she be . I do not know . or if she would know I . I be like the boy who go out in winter for firewood come back in the spring with a whistle . maddy prick open the poppy and collect they opium , then hand inman the liquid . maddy now drink this . it visit the pain . and you will sleep . he drink the laudanum she 's make . inman I have have to put myself in the way of people 's kindness . maddy I hope you find it . she dip a cloth in the steaming water , unbutton he shirt . she have a crock of what look like treacle and vaseline . she smear this salve over the neck wound and into he scalp . inman surrender to the drug . inman the passenger pigeon fly south , the berry ripen . whether I see they or not , whether a man die , or a war be win . maddy that 's the laudanum get to you . that 's good . say something more . ( she kneel to he leg ) raise that up for I . he oblige . she grimace at the state of it , where the chain have chew into the flesh . get to work . inman she give I a book . ada Monroe . man by the name of bartram . wrote about he travel . I carry that book through every battle . I leave it someplace , get to get it back . sometimes just read the name of a place near home -- sorell cove , Fire scale Ridge -- be enough to bring I to tear . thing be I have be think -- that place belong to people before we , to the indian -- and he have a different name . what do he call sorell cove ? how can a name not even the real name break you heart ? it 's she , she 's the place I be head . and I hardly know she . so how can a person who 's maybe not even a real person -- I do not know what I be talk about -- I have to close my eye ... he slide off the stool and lay on the floor . maddy go over to she cot and pull off a blanket which she drape over he . ext . yard , black cove farm . day ada in the henhouse , collect egg , be confident now among the bird . she emerge to find Ruby walk out of the backdoor with the shotgun and a determine look . ruby it 's a man . ada what be ? ruby raiding we corn . get he in the trap . that 's he yelping . ada you be not go to shoot he ! ruby I do not want he to shoot I . ( of the gun ) can you fire this thing ? ada ( make it clear she can not ) yes . they head towards the corn crib , bundle up against the cold . a man be kneeling at the corn crib , perfectly catch in the art of steal , he head force away from view . Ruby hand ada the gun and approach , warily . ruby listen up -- you get a barrel train on you rear-end . stobrod get I out of this dang thing . my fist 's about to drop off . ruby you get a weapon ? stobrod no mar 'am . I be begging you . I be already on my knee , otherwise I would get down on they . ruby ( suddenly recognise the voice ) unbelievable ! stobrod thewes . stobrod Ruby ? God damn ! ada what ? ruby ( to ada , disgust ) that 's my daddy ... she walk up to he and kick he hard as she can on he backside . int . kitchen , black cove farm . day a strip of fabric , homemade bandage , be wrap around stobrod 's badly gash hand . ada be tend to he . Ruby be cooking at the range , not remotely warm towards she prodigal father , who look rather comfortable . stobrod look at she . stobrod just so 's you know -- I can eat while she 's do this -- in case you be hold off . ruby just so 's you know -- you be not eat inside . number one -- they hang people round here for take in deserter . number two -- even if they give out prize -- you would still eat outside . stobrod you be scar . ruby I be what ? stobrod you heart . scar . I do wrong to you . ruby you would be scar . you would be really scar if I have not wrap they trap tooth in sacking . which be she idea . stobrod I hurt you . ruby good God ! stobrod I write fifty tune with you in mind . Ruby this , Ruby that , Ruby with the eye that sparkle . ruby hey ! let 's agree : you beat I , you abandon I , you ignore I , you beat I some more -- all of that be better than Ruby with the eye that sparkle ! stobrod I be change . people change . War change people something terrible . ( to ada ) Ruby 's tell you -- I have no doubt -- I be not always the best ... ruby you be a asshole . stobrod I can not disagree with that . I be . ruby get he out of here ! stobrod Music 's change I . I be full of music , darling . I wish I would brung my fiddle hey Ruby ! get a new fiddle -- it 's get a little snake 's rattle in the body -- take it off a dead federal in Virginia . that 's a beautiful fiddle . it 's full of tune , Ruby . do not know if it 's from that little rattle lock up in it , or from something untied my heart . Ruby walk over with a crock , wrap in a cloth . ruby you be all set . stobrod ( sincerely ) bless you both . he go to the door . ruby ai not you get a proper coat ? stobrod darling , I be fine . and you just say the word , I will not come back neither . I do not want to put either you or you mistress here in any bother . ada I be not Ruby 's employer . stobrod oh , okay , who be ? ruby nobody . ( stobrod digest this ) I will make up food for you , you come Sunday before it 's light , I will leave it behind the Old frazier mill . stobrod do you know who really need a coat , darling , be my partner , fat boy name of pangle . we be hide up in the cave and he feel the cold like a thin man , but be not no coat will fit he . ( leave ) I love you , Ruby . in case the sky fall on we head . you be a good girl . and he 's go . Ruby scowl . fiddle music begins . ruby he be so full of manure , that man , we could lay he on the dirt and grow another one just like he . ada so that 's stobrod thewes . ruby it be and that 's the last you will see of he . ext . maddy caravan . dusk the fiddle continue , a banjo join in . maddy be load up inman for he journey . she hand he a bulg goatskin satchel . maddy that 's medicine and goatmeat . you be sick of both . inman I have a deal to thank you for . she hand he a ancient flintlock pistol . maddy and that 's just for show , or -- if you can get close enough -- a wild turkey . she turn , abruptly , mingle in with she goat . inman nod , know that she do not want a fuss , although he want to make one , and turn himself , head away from the caravan . ext . wood . day the music continue . a turkey call . and again . junior be hunt . he creep through this clear , eye peel for the turkey , gun at the ready . his dog growl , and he put a hand over its mouth . he listen . another call . junior move , without sound , in its direction , stop for several second under a tree , listen . he look up . inman be perched in the tree . the pistol flash in he hand . ext . junior' cabin . day the music continue . inman drag junior 's corpse in to the yard . the dog whine and slobber over the body . inman go straight into the smoke House . int . smoke house at junior' cabin . day the music continue . inman reach behind the stove and retrieve he bag . he check for the lemat , for the bartram , open it , locating the tintype of ada , which he consider , as the dog howl outside , join with another wail . ext . junior' cabin . day the music continue . inman emerge with he bag , lemat at the ready . the woman be all keen over the corpse , as it a saint have pass away . dog , woman all howling . a chicken bob in , investigate the glob of blood on junior 's skull . inman walk away , do not look at the woman , who do not look at he . int . ruby's room , black cove farm . dawn the music continue . Ruby wake up . look out of the window . ada , also wake , come into Ruby 's room . stobrod be outside with pangle , violin and banjo . Ruby open the window , scowling . stobrod beam , stop play , hold up the food , point at pangle in he new coat . pangle wave . ruby get on back where you come from ! stobrod and pangle smile and hurry away . ext . path in hill country . day winter setting in . inman , increasingly a stick figure in the landscape , waste and fragile , trudge along through fall leave . he still limp from the leg iron . no shelter anywhere . he unwrap a paper contain some scrap of goat meat and corn bread . he walk and eat , fish out a lozenge , try to swallow it , wash it down with a drink from he flask . open the crock of salve and rub the treacly grease into he neck and ankle . the path split . he do not know which way to go , a crow repeatedly caw off to the leave and , take it as a sign , inman go in that direction . ada ( v.o. ) my love for heathcliff resemble the eternal rock beneath int . ada' bedroom , black cove farm . night ada in the bed , read to Ruby from wuther Heights . ada -- a source of little visible delight , but necessary . ruby she be not gonna marry linton , be she ? she say -- whatever we soul be make of he and mine be the same . you can not say that and then marry linton . ada we will find out . ruby okay . ada tomorrow . ruby I be not wait until tomorrow . ada Ruby , I be fall asleep . she lie back in she bed . Ruby take the book , lie across the bottom of the bed , as ada go to sleep . ruby Little visible delight , but necessary . I like that ... ext . SMALL wood . night drive rain . inman shelter under a huge tree , whose split trunk provide a mean shelter . he insert himself into the cleft of it , a black thing in a black tree , like a troll . he stand , shiver , sodden , desolate . ext . sara' cabin . night a little cabin . its light come through square window like a chinese lantern . inman consider it , the risk versus the shelter . the sleet still pelt down on he and he decide to approach . closer he can hear a sound come from the house . it be a baby incessant cry . he sees a young woman walking round and round in the room , clutching the baby wrapped up in a quilt . inman knock hard on the door . the light from the lamp go out , although the fire still give the room a clear glow . inman I be one man alone . I be a confederate soldier on furlough . I have no bad intention . I need shelter and food . the tiny SOUND of the door be bolt . inman can I at least sleep in the corn crib -- just for some shelter ? I will be on my way come morning . no answer . inman accept this as a rebuttal , and trudge back towards the road . SARA ( v.o. ) I have get a rifle . inman turn . a gap in the door appear , the figure barely see . inman Fair enough . the baby 's cry behind she . SARA there 's some bean and corn pone , all I get . you better come in . int . sara' cabin . night inman enter the cabin . it 's a single room . a big fire . the baby on the bed , a rudimentary crib unoccupy next to it . the woman be already at the little stove . she turn to he . she 's painfully beautiful . but sad and fragile . inman , despite himself , be mesmerize . inman thank you . SARA I be alone here , as you can see , with my baby . I need to believe you mean no harm . inman take out he gun . she start , terrify . inman no , I mean to give it to you . he turn it handle forward and offer it to she . SARA I do not want it . I have my way they would take metal altogether out of this world . every blade , every gun . inman be you baby sick ? SARA he cry . I do not know . he cry a lot . my man be dead . he take he wound at fredericksburg . never see he boy . she never once look at he . her eye on the floor or the food or the baby . inman I be sorry . SARA it 's pretty much what you will get if you knock on any door of this war . man dead , woman leave . she hand he a plate of steaming bean . a onion perch on top . SARA it 's mean food but it 's hot . she go over to the bed and pick up she baby and start the same business of walk he , sing the while , a odd lament . inman eat , look at she , at the child and the fire . he pick up the onion , bite into it . Sara look across . inman ( ashamed of he hunger ) there 's no hunt on the road , just cress and -- he take another bite . Sara pick up the baby . SARA I need to feed this man , if you could look away . inman , embarrassed , turn he back to she . he sit finish the food while she put the baby to she breast , slip the shoulder from she dress . while the baby feed . SARA use to have a cow , few goat . raider take they . make I kill we own dog on the porch . that poor creature watch over I . nothing leave now save a hog and couple of chicken to live off till spring . I will have to kill that hog and make sense of the flesh and division which be something I never do . inman I could do that for you in the morning . SARA I be not ask . inman it 's what I would gladly do for you for what you be gladly do for I . I be inman by the way . that 's my name . SARA I be Sara . my baby 's ethan . inman glad to know you both . ext . sara' cabin . night Sara walk ahead of inman . she carry a pile of clothing , a pair of boot . it 's still wretch outside , she hug the house , the porch barely offer shelter . inman follows , with a bowl of steaming water and a small towel over he arm . she hand he the clothes . SARA you look about he size . he be another man straight up and down . there 's a palpable attraction between they , so that every exchange seem to contain a promise , a sexual charge . SARA I do not even have a blanket . inman I get a blanket . SARA I will leave you the lamp . by the dim light , inman peel off he clothes , set to work with the bar of soap and the cloth to scrub himself clean . he can be see from the window and find himself turn away to pull off he pants . int . sara' cabin . night Sara sit at the cot , still sing to the baby , then get up , go to the window , see inman dress , walk to the door , let it open a little , but not so as she can be see . SARA they fit ? inman ( o.s. ) pretty much . this boot be good boot . SARA I will say good night . inman ( o.s. ) good night . ext . sara' cabin . night inman settles down into the corncrib . he 's cold and everything be damp and lumpy and uncomfortable . he pull he thin blanket around he . the wind be howling . he lever himself up , look at the house with its warm invitation , can almost feel Sara in there . he reluctantly settles down again . he hear a noise , step approaching . he reach for the lemat under the blanket . SARA will you come inside ? she stand in a shift , a blanket over she shoulder . her body under the cotton very clear to he . she turn and go back inside . int . sara' cabin . night inman come in . Sara be sit on she bed . Long silence . SARA could you do something for I ? do you think you could lie here , next to I , and not need to go further ? inman I do not know . I will try . he sit on the bed as she slip under the cover , and then remove the boot , he shirt , get under the cover . there 's a electric space between they . then Sara begin to cry , pull he arm to open up so that she can be fold into he . she sob , shuddering in the bed . inman I will go . I will go , shall I ? SARA I do not want you to . they lie , stare up at the ceiling , she tear fall . a fiddle plays heavy with yearning ... int . old mill , cold mountain . christmas day . night the music continue . stobrod be play the fiddle , he bow hand still lightly tape and a fingerless mitten cover it . they're in the abandon mill , a derelict space , which have be cheer up with some rudimentary Christmas decoration . ada , Ruby and Sally swanger , she hair now almost completely white . some token present . pangle be pick at a banjo , he grin infectious , and a third player , georgia , with a harmonica . as they play : pangle ( of Sally ) she do not speak . stobrod she can not speak . I tell you . pangle ( smile at Sally ) be she feeble then ? stobrod no. ( to Sally ) do not mind he . ( to Ruby ) hey Ruby : what about this ? he start the tune of wayfare Stranger . Ruby groan . stobrod do not make that face -- you listen : c' mon Georgia ... and he start up again , but this time georgia begins to sing . he 's like a pale angel and sing with a soft , true voice . Ruby find herself take by this boy 's voice and by stobrod 's extraordinary invention as he take the tune off on a wild journey . Ruby sit next to ada , fiddle with she bracelet , slip one from ada 's wrist and slide it over she own . ext . old mill , cold mountain . evening they be all outside now , shaking hand . georgia there 's snow in the air . ruby do not sleep here . stobrod we will not . ada it 's bitter , they could stop one night . ruby they stop one night , they will want to stop two . pangle this coat 's warm . stobrod what about next Sunday ? that will be the New Year . it 's gonna be a better one . ruby maybe . georgia the war 's over in a month . ruby he say that a month ago . ada ( shaking stobrod 's hand in goodnight ) it start off be over in a month . stobrod miss ada . merry Christmas . ada merry Christmas . pangle . Georgia . georgia ' night . pangle ' night now . the three woman walk down the lane , the three man watch . stobrod that 's my Ruby . georgia she 's a original . stobrod you think the good Lord would forgive a old cold fool if he change he mind ? ada say it herself it be bitter ... ext . swanger farm . night the three woman head towards Sally 's house . ruby what kind of name 's Georgia ? ada it 's where he come from , it 's not he name . ruby I know that 's mean to be the ugliest state under the heaven . ada why do you care what he name be ? ruby ( a funny look , then ) what 's that cluster of star ? ada orion . ruby what about they shape like a wishbone ? ada that 's Taurus the bull , and that 's Gemini and that 's orion 's big dog , canis Major . ruby listen to she , sal . she 's turn into a highland girl . ada I could always name the star , Ruby , that be never my problem . they all three have link arm . ada imitate stobrod . ada I love you darling . in case that big old sky fall on we head . and I love you , too . sal . ruby it 's sad , sal . it 's a c-a-t-a-s- t -r - o-p-h-e . int . ada' bedroom , black cove farm . morning ada at the window as , outside , snow flake begin to fall . ext . old mill , cold mountain . morning stobrod open the door of the mill . the snow flake dissuade he from venture further . he go back inside . stobrod ( o.s. ) no sense set off in snow . the door shut , fiddle music leak through the door , followed by banjo and harmonica . int . sara' cabin . early Sara , dress , agitate -- the baby already complain -- be urgently shaking inman . hiss at he : SARA get out of here , quick ! inman surface from deep sleep . SARA federal be come . they find you here it will go bad on all of we . inman be up , grab clothes , boot , he gun . inman I can try and fight they . SARA no , my baby . please no ! just get . she pull up the window in back of the cabin . inman throw thing out into the freezing morning . he have he pants on , but be otherwise naked . he swing over the window and down onto the frosty ground . ext . sara' cabin . early inman pick up he stuff and , at a crouch , run for cover to the wood which border the property . he can hear horse and a commotion at the front of Sara 's cabin , but do not look round until he 's shelter by the tree . federal soldier , a raid party , have dismounted and be already wrangle with Sara . inman watch , pull on he shirt , shiver , then he boot . Sara be stand in front of the hogpen , as if to protect the animal , but one of the soldier , pistol , barge she to one side , toppling she , and open the gate , start herding the hog out into the yard . a second soldier , nym , emerge from the cabin , carry ethan . Sara start up , struggle with he , be again knock down . inman have to watch as they drag her over to a fence post and rope her to it then slip the blanket off the baby and lay it on the ground in the middle of the yard . then Sara start to scream . inman be dress . boot on . he look back at the yard . the man sit , smoking , prepare to wait , they breath come out in gust in the freezing air . flake of snow fall . pistol we get all day . SARA my baby 's sick ! cover he up ! he 's shaking ! have some pity . a third Federal , bardolph , chase after the chicken , gather they up . SARA I get nothing . I swear . nym get close to she , put he rifle to she chest . nym that be not necessarily so . SARA yes ! take I inside ! let 's all go inside ! take my baby inside and then we will do whatever you want . nym unty she . pistol have a rope around the hog and now lead it towards the horse . SARA ( scream ) there 's nothing ! you take that hog I be as good as dead . cover up my boy ! she 's wail , a unbearable ululation . nym slap her , twice , hard . int . sara' cabin . day the door be kick open . nym push Sara inside , kick the door shut , revealing inman stand behind it . ext . sara' cabin . day bardolph , a chicken in he arm , go over to the baby . bardolph this be ready to get a fit go . it 's shudder . it 's go blue . pistol ( to nym ) how long do he want ? hey ! leave some for the rest of we . pistol head towards the cabin . as he approach the door , bardolph rearrange the blanket to , cover the baby . pistol open the door . nym be on top of Sara . pistol laugh , enter , and be clubbed down by inman , who step out onto the porch , while SARA shrug off the body of nym , he throat CUT . bardolph look up to see inman walk towards he . bardolph have leave he weapon by the fence . inman move away from the baby . bardolph obey , terrify . Sara run out , collect ethan , give a little moan of anguish , run back inside the cabin . bardolph do not shoot . inman take off you boot . ( bardolph do so ) take off you pants , and you shirt . bardolph do not shoot I , please . we be starve . we have not eat . inman you would better get run before you catch you death of cold . bardolph ( nod , terrify ) thanks , thank you . I will . and then a shot ring out and he crash to the ground , dead . behind inman , Sara stand with a rifle . ext . sara' cabin . late day there be a huge FIRE go , with a cauldron hung over it . the hog hang upside down from a tree , blood dripping into a BOWL . there 's a sense of ritual and order : the chapter of transform the hog into food . Sara be inside the cabin , the door open onto the yard . she hold the baby by the fireplace , swaddle up tight . she try to put he to she breast , but he will not feed . she put ethan back in he crib , come outside . now inman be butcher the hog , chopping down either side of the spine to make two side of meat . now Sara be hold up a sheet of hog fat , as if it be a lace shawl . now she 's rendering the fat into lard . now inman 's salt the two ham . now Sara 's wash the intestine . she sing all the while -- I dream that my bower be full of red swine and my bride bed full of blood -- they do not really converse . inman continue to work . Sara go back inside to ethan 's crib . inman glance back , but can hardly bear to , she anxiety so palpable . the baby be dead . she look at it . she take it up in she arm . kiss its forehead . make a strange stifling noise . inman do not look at she . she come out again , shovel some of the food into a plate , serve it up to inman , gently touch he as she do so . then serve out food for herself . inman start to eat . SARA good ? inman nod . she collect up the knapsack , include inman 's , and go back inside the house with they . inman squat , eat , glance back towards the cabin . there 's the sudden shocking report of a revolver . inman , know what it be , go slowly towards the house and its two dead body . his own face be a rictus , the eye thin slit . if he give into he grief it would never cease . int . sara' cabin . dusk from the house , the silhouette of inman work outside in the day 's die light , snow fall around he . he 's digging a grave . Inside the house , two bundle , the small body wrap in a blanket , the other wrap in the bed 's patchwork quilt . ext . cabbage patch , black cove farm . dusk still snow . Ruby trudge past ada who be digging out a couple of head of the bury cabbage . ada do you think he 's dead ? ruby who ? ada ( shrug ) this snow . be not it suppose to fall with bad news ? ruby bad news be girl get work . I be go to round up the animal . ( squint up at the snow ) this will settle . she walk past . ada stare into the distance where ext . wild country . last light -- the snow fall down on inman . he 's hardly visible in its gust wave . just a thin black question mark , hunch over the element , move slowly forward ... ext . old mill , cold mountain . day the snow have stop . it 's leave a carpet on the ground . stobrod , pangle and Georgia emerge from the Old mill . they make heavy footprint as they set off up the hill towards the mountain . ext . path in the mountain . day inman come slide down a crumble slate hill and onto the path . he cornea to a place where the path suddenly drop away to reveal a view of the geography . and there , finally , in the distance , inman can see the blue ridge . somewhere in there be home , be ada . he go on . ext . slope of cold mountain . day pangle walk too close to stobrod and step on the back of he boot which promptly detach itself from stobrod 's foot . stobrod turn -- and with a raise finger -- push pangle . pangle fall in the snow , arm spreadeagled , and smile . ext . pigeon river behind the old mill . day some horse cluster around the stobrod party 's footprint . bosie swing acrobatically over he horse , to hang over the track , then up again into he saddle , look at teague . the Home Guard plod slowly forward in the direction of the track . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . evening a clearing , fringe by poplar . stobrod be make a fire . pangle appear with a armful of firewood , he big grin a fixture . then Georgia appear . he 's carry a SMALL buck , freeze and cover with snow . georgia what d' you reckon ? think we could eat this ? stobrod you cook something long enough you can eat anything . pangle ( prodding it ) it 's freeze . how long it be there for ? stobrod you hungry ? pangle yeah . stobrod not very long . ext . slope of cold mountain . evening teague examine the snow 's imprint silhouette of pangle . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . night stobrod sing and cook . pangle accompanies he on banjo , Georgia join in the chorus . stobrod pull one of the hickory stick skewer out of the fire , blow on the , meat , smell , smell again , look at Georgia , take a bite . chews . stobrod edible . pangle take another stick , burn he finger . pangle ow ! georgia ( take a bite from he skewer ) do not taste much like venison . pangle it 's good . I think it 's good . ext . the killing ground . cold mountain . night the three man be asleep . the fire still burn . they be lie like petal of a flower around it . suddenly Georgia sit bolt upright , grimace , get up stumble away from the fire , toward a stand of tree , from which come the vivid sound of violent nausea . ext . tree near the killing ground , cold mountain . night georgia be kneeling in the snow , he head in the snow , when he a half dozen rider trot past approach the sleep stobrod and pangle . Georgia have to vomit again . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . night teague ride up to the fire , the other rider with he -- Mo , jo , bosie , grayle . stobrod wake , sit up , pangle sleep . teague even . hope we do not disturb you . stobrod you be all right . teague name 's teague . do I know you ? stobrod thewes . teague slide off he horse , approach the fire . teague you a deserter ? -- do not mind if I just warm up at you fire . ( of the sleep pangle ) that you wife ? stobrod who ? that 's a he ! teague he you wife ? stobrod we be musician . he pick the banjo , I get a fiddle . teague ( to he man ) look pretty romantic by the fire . do not they ? ( to stobrod ) you boyfriend 's get a nice bit of flesh on he . Close you eye slip inside that shirt get two good handfuls -- dark enough I would be willing . I be just kid . ( to he man ) tell he , I be just kid . bosie he 's just kid . ext . tree near killing ground , cold mountain . night Georgia squint through the tree . do not know what to do . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . night teague do you answer my question -- about you military status ? stobrod discharge . take a wound at Petersburg . teague oh , so like a hero 's discharge . stobrod I guess . teague and you boyfriend ? stobrod the military would not take he . he can not fight . he 's simple . he 's get a mind no bigger and a pickle walnut . teague I be sorry -- he 's fat , he 's simple and get titty -- but you be insist he be not a woman . God damn ! do not that sausage smell outstanding . stobrod ( he 's very nervous ) miqhty outstanding . teague mighty outstanding ! there 's a new phrase . mighty outstanding . listen , do not tell I -- you leave you papers somewhere . stobrod which papers ? teague you hero 's discharge . for mighty outstanding valour . stobrod they're , they be , they be at my house . teague ( enjoy himself ) and where , where , where be you house ? stobrod down the mountain . teague but you be up the mountain . stobrod hunting . drink . teague on honeymoon . ( to he man ) I be pretty fuck funny tonight . bosie be he go to play ? ( to stobrod ) you gonna play that fiddle ? stobrod sure. sure. ( kick pangle ) hey , wake up ! pangle surface , blink , grin at everybody . teague even , Mrs. pangle ( look around ) where 's Georgia ? teague ( interested ) where 's Georgia ? in the tree , Georgia duck , retch . stobrod he do not know what he 's say . we be talk about Georgia early on -- maybe head down there . teague Georgia 's like my armpit . worse , it 's like yours . ( to pangle ) want some sausage ? pangle thanks . you be Home Guard ? teague yes , mar 'am . pangle you be teague ? teague ( to the other ) I be know ! stobrod he do not know what he 's say . pangle ( quote ) that bastard teague . teague really . pangle bad word . folk always put the curse word in front of you name . stobrod Mr. teague want we to play . pangle okay . teague we hear there be deserter in this part . hiding out in a big cave . stobrod not come to my ear . teague you do not know where this cave be ? stobrod no , sir . pangle you do , stobe ! he mean -- stobrod right , right ! he mean , there be a cave , right , it 's up over the other side , big cave , we play some music up there , never occur to I they be deserter . near bearpen branch . pangle ai not nowhere near bearpen branch ! it 's this side ! he 's always get lose . that cave -- we live there ! -- it 's over on Big stomp . tell you how I always find it . there 's a big old locust tree fall down across the path , that point straight at it , like a finger , always a dozen squirrel round that tree . you get to the tree , sit on it , and there 's you entrance , straight in front of you , tree point at it . come right to you hand , they squirrel -- ( make a chirp sound ) -- chrrrpppp ! chrrrrppp ! teague sound good . okay , let 's eat , let 's hear some music . ext . tree near killing ground , cold mountain . night Georgia watch as the music start , stobrod play and sing , pangle join in at the chorus . they improvise be wild , profound , stobrod chord the fiddle , pangle follow he , then , finish with another verse and end with the title declaim by stobrod . stobrod I call this tune : Ruby 's lament . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . night something like compassion have flicker over teague 's face . Mo and jo nod to the music 's secret rhythm . only bosie seem detach , contemplate he long fingernail . the music finish . the Home Guard applaud . pangle what would you make of that ? bosie heartbreak . teague stand over by that tree . stobrod I ? teague over by that tree . over there . take you boyfriend . stobrod get up , carry he fiddle , head over to a big old poplar . nod at pangle . stobrod come on . pangle get up , banjo in he hand . put he arm around stobrod as if they be about to be photograph . the Home Guard gather around they . from the tree Georgia watch , helpless . pangle grin at teague . teague do not smile . pangle what ? teague quit smile . stobrod he always smile . he do not mean nothing by it . I tell he this world 's get nothing worth a smile . teague put you hat over you face . pangle what do you mean ? teague cover you face with you hat . pangle tale off he hat , hold it over he face . the moment he obligies , teague' carbine spring up in he hand and blows the hat away several other shot follow . stobrod fall under pangle , the bullet flying . ext . tree near the killing ground , cold mountain . night Georgia lie prostrate in the snow , shudder under the report of each bullet . ext . bottom field , black cove farm . day Ruby work in the snow , in the field , clipping a sheep 's foot , the animal on its back between Ruby 's knee . she look up to see georgia running across the field toward her , call out she name . from the kitchen window , ada look on as he reach Ruby , the story pour from he . ada emerge from the house , walk towards the bad news . int . storeroom , black cove farm . day Ruby sorting out a kit of shovel , blanket . ada come in do not know how to help she friend , who show no emotion . ada I tell Georgia he can stop here , sleep in the barn . he 's get nothing inside he . he would walk out of here and die in the snow . ruby he can milk the cow . I be worry about that . it will be dark in a couple of hour . I 's ten hour climb from here . he 's draw a map . ada okay . ruby ( boil ) you know this fool stay the night in the mill ? that 's stobrod -- he can not do one good thing without add the bad . Left track in the snow all the way up for they Home Guards to follow . that 's a sign say shoot I ! ada Ruby , I be so sorry . ada move towards she , put she arm around she . Ruby be rigid . ada stop embrace she . ruby we should get go . she 's tie up the kit . she do not know how to grieve . ruby every piece of this be a man 's bullshit . they call this a war a cloud over the land , but they make the weather . then they stand in the rain and say : shit ! it 's raining ! ( tear welling ) if I cry one tear for my daddy I steal it off a crocodile . ext . cold mountain . evening the snow be falling heavily . ruby and ada trudge up the mountain , dress in Monroe 's clothes , hat pull down , lead the horse , which be load up with tool and supplies . a choice of path . they start up one , then Ruby decide against it , consult the map , and they reverse , pull the horse back and then yanking it up the other path . ext . pi structure , cold mountain . night Ruby and ada have make a fire . they sleep under a stone structure , which form a natural pi shape , the fire in the entrance , the snow catch in its light . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . morning ada and Ruby arrive at the scene of murder . pangle be keele over at the old poplar , snow cover he . only he girth and a glimpse of coat identify he . ada brushes some of the snow from he face , revealing the death wound , then lay a hand in bless on he head . ada I do not understand . ruby maybe teague 's take he . they do that with the swanger boy -- do not , they ? -- drag they into town , then strung they up as warning ... it 's snow since , so I can not read the story on the ground . ada fish out pangle 's banjo from the snow . it 's break and the string hang slack . ruby let 's dig . later -- and ruby finishes off the grave , hammer in a stone to mark the place . ada walk away towards the creek , to wash she hand . she bend and rinse she face . as she look up she sees stobrod on the other side of the creek ; half - in , half out of the water , slump against a tree , blood everywhere , stain the crust of snow which cover he . ada Ruby ! Ruby ! Ruby arrive at ada , look to where she 's look , walk straight into the creek , all she love contain in the urgency with which she hurtle to she father , oblivious to the freezing water . she put a head to he chest , seek out a pulse at he wrist . call back to ada . ruby he 's still breathe ! ( to stobrod ) God damn ! daddy ; daddy -- it 's Ruby . do not you die on I again . ( to ada ) he 's still breathe ! ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . afternoon a mean fire burn by the creek . ruby turn a knife in the flame . stobrod 's back be expose . just by the shoulder blade be a ugly grey and purple bulge the size of a crabapple . Ruby turn to ada , who be help . ruby pack a pan full of snow . I need good clean water , boil up . she cut the skin and prise out a slug which she drop in the snow and roll around to clean . stobrod do not move . he could be dead . ada load the pan with snow . ada let 's get he home . we have herb there and it 's warm . ruby he will die first . he 's get hardly no blood leave in he . ada he will die lie here . ruby there 's a place further on up . use to be . Old Cherokee place . there 's good water right by it . ada put the snow - pack pan on the fire . ext . by the outlier' cave , cold mountain . afternoon Squirrels frolic . teague sit on the trunk of a fall tree . he feed the squirrel , look straight ahead where the mouth of a cave wink back at he . ext . tree tunnel near cherokee village . afternoon the two women emerge from a steep tunnel of tree in a chestnut grove . there 's a stream and , up on the bank , a cluster of black conical hut , make up of chestnut log , abandon and slightly sinister look . they approach one of the hut , its door long lose . the snow have drift in . a second hut have a door which they pry open . it 's dark and cold , but apparently still weatherproof . they get stobrod off the horse and carry he inside , then come out again to unload the horse of its remain load . ada this horse be weary . he 's ready to give up the ghost . Ruby pick up the blanket and provision and go back inside to she father . ada take the horse to another hut and , despite he great reluctance , push he inside . ada good boy . ( she blow into he nostril , calming he ) that 's warmer , be not it . ada would not even recognize this practical , hardy woman she 's become . stringy and of few word . she set off towards the tree tunnel , pass stobrod 's hut . ada I be get firewood . ext . the killing ground , cold mountain . dusk inman approach the killing Ground . he study the ground , find pangle 's grave . blood have leave its black write in the snow and he find first where stobrod have be , where the bullet have be remove , then the journey away , still tiny , telltale spatter of blood , and the hoof print and boot print of two walker and one load horse . he put he hand into the ash of Ruby 's fire , can not feel any warmth . it 's get dark . he take a drink from the stream , shudder at the cold . int . stobrod be hut , cherokee village . night the fire burn , a pall of smoke . stobrod lie on the ground , swathed in blanket . cough . Ruby sit next to he , wipe the hair from he forehead . ada open she eye , look , close they , listen to the fire , a strange squeaking as it burn . ada that wood -- that sound when it burn that mean more snow ? ruby yes , it do , country girl . ext . track , cold mountain . dawn first light . the sun creep up , a red streak of dawn . inman walk , he head bent to the track . he walk quickly , even as the terrain get more steep . as he bend to the snow -- where a spot of blood have fall into a hoof print -- a flake of snow land on he hand . then a second . he look up . the snow fall . he start to move more quickly , racing the snow as it seek to erase the track . the snow thicken . ext . tree tunnel near cherokee village . morning in the chestnut grovel a dozen wild turkey pick they way across the snow . a shotgun line up its sight at one of they . the trigger be squeeze . a explosion of feather . ext . three way crossing , cold mountain . morning inman hear the shot . then a second , the sound ricochete around he . he can not quite identify its source but he run again , head for the chestnut tree he can see above he . ext . tree tunnel near cherokee village . morning ada collect the two turkey , the first creature she 's ever shot . do not quite know how to hold they . she straighten up and see , at the other end of the tree tunnel , backlit by the morning sun , the silhouette of a man . she drop the turkey tire to reload the shotgun . inman come down the tunnel , approach the hunter he see through the snow at the other end of it . ada turn round and go back where you come from . inman be bewilder by this woman 's voice in a man 's outfit , keep walk , peer through the snow . ada fire a warning shot . inman , still some distance , suddenly understand . inman ada ? ada Monroe ? ada I do not know you . after all this time , all this way , inman could give up the ghost . inman then I believe I make a mistake . he turn , walk heavily away from she . then he turn again , completely lose , without compass . inman if I know where to go I would go there . ada ( finally recognise he ) inman ? he nod . they do not know how to speak to each other , just stand awkwardly , some distance apart , the emotion stone in they throat . eventually -- ada you would better come with I . and with that , she start to sob , and sob . very high angle : inman walk towards ada . they embrace . int . stobrod be hut , cherokee village . morning ada enter , inman behind she . Ruby look up from stobrod . ada Ruby , this be inman . Ruby digest this . consider this ghost of a man . ruby congratulation , I should send you out with a shotgun more often . he look as he need sleep . inman I may need to . ruby be my guest . you shot or something ? inman not lately . ruby hungry ? ( inman nod , Ruby to ada ) he wake up . ada stobrod ? ruby Said -- you mommy 's name be Grace then close he eye again . ext . cherokee village . day ada come out of stobrod 's hut , a glimpse of inman sleep on the floor , head for another hut which Ruby be sweeping out . the snow have stop . ada stand in the door , watch Ruby . Ruby 's resistance to inman be palpable . ada he 's asleep . they both be . ruby I be not surprised . you man look play out . ada I see he . I realize now . ruby saw he when ? ada in Sally swanger 's well . a tunnel of tree . the man like a black smudge in the snow , the sun behind he . ruby well there you be . ada funny thing be it be not the same . the image . it be not snow . and in the well , he be , as if he be fall . ruby you probably do not remember it right . ada I remember it exactly . there be crow , this black crow fly towards I . I think I be see he fall . instead I be see he come back to I . all this while I have be pack ice around my heart . how will I make it melt ? ruby better get a fire go . ( go to the fireplace ) I have get big plan for that farm . get a vision in my mind of how that cove need to be . ada I know you have . ruby there 's not a thing we can not do ourselves . int . ada and ruby hut , cherokee village . night the FIRE burn . ada lie awake . Ruby sleep . ada get up , step out into the snow , she blanket around she . ext . ada and ruby hut , cherokee village . night inman be outside he cabin . only the light escape from the cabin , fire light they , almost silhouettes . inman I be sorry . I be try to be quiet . ada I could not sleep . inman -- I get no appetite leave to be in a room with wounded man . ada I can not see you face . inman it 's not a face you recognise . ada do you get my letter ? inman I get three letter . carry they in that book you give I . the bertram . ada I must have send 100 . do you write to I ? inman whenever I could . if you never get they I can summarize . ada no , it 's -- inman I pray you be well . I pray I be in you thought . you be all that keep I from slide into some dark place . ada but how do I keep you ? we barely know each other . a few moment . inman a thousand moment . they be like a bag of tiny diamond glitter in a black heart . do not matter if they be real or thing I make up . the shape of you neck . the way you feel under my hand when I pull you to I . ada you boot , one polished , one not yet polished . inman you be play a piano and I be stand outside . ada I be play a piano and you be stand outside . inman that kiss -- which I have kiss again every day of my walk . ada every day of my wait . inman maybe you can not see my face , but if you could see my inside , my whatever you want to name it , my spirit , that 's the fear I have deeper than any gash on my neck . I think I be ruin . they keep try to put I in the ground , but I be not ready , no mar 'am , no more ready than that scoundrel in there 's not ready to die on we . but if I have goodness , I lose it . if I have anything tender in I I shot it dead . Ruby stomp out of the hut . ruby number one -- shut this door , it 's freezing . ( go over to stobrod 's hut ) number two -- shut that door , it 's freezing . ( turn to they ) I be lay on my back , with my finger poke in my ear try to shut out who 's get a bag of diamond and who 's get boot need polish , if you want to get three foot up a bull 's ass listen to what sweetheart whisper to each other . she 's at the door to stobrod 's hut . she contemplate they . ruby in fact , if you be go to wimble all night I be go to sleep in with he . and with that she enter stobrod 's hut , slamm the door . ada now I can not see anything . a long pause . inman I will say goodnight . ada I do not think Ruby 's vacate my hut so that you can sleep in a different one . int . ada and ruby hut , cherokee village . night ada put log onto the fire . after a few moment a knock . ada come in . inman enter . they do not know the rule for this . ada whatever come to pass between you and I , I want Ruby to stay in Black cove . inman right . ada as long as she want . and if she never leave I will be glad . inman more a question could she put up with I . ada and you understand she 's my friend , she 's not a hire hand and she do not empty a night jar unless it 's she own . inman sure . ada this war 's make some thing pointless . it 's hard to imagine a wedding . I think even my father would recognize that . inman ada , I want to marry you . if you will have I . ada be not there 's some religion where you just have to say I marry you , three time , and then you be man and wife . inman I marry you . I marry you . I marry you . ada laugh , unsettle inman . inman why 's that funny ? ada no , I think it 's I divorce you three time and then you be not marry anymore . inman I can wait for you . ada you wait enough . I certainly do . I marry you . I marry you . I marry you . and they kiss , tentative , then more urgent . ada I be sorry about the way I look . in this clothes . ( inman shake he head ) and there be so many button . ( start to undress ) will you turn you back ? inman not for all the gold dollar in the Federal Bank . she stand hold she clothes in front of she to cover herself . he take they from she , drop they to the floor . ext . cherokee village . morning a crisp , cold beautiful morning . they be pack up , all they clothes in layer . inman prepare the horse . Ruby and ada carry bundle out of the hut . inman approach Ruby . inman you go ahead . I will follow with the horse at a pace you daddy can tolerate . ada we can all go together . inman it 's safer this way . no one have quarrel with you . ruby he 's right . inman ( to Ruby ) I gather I need permission if I reckon on live at Black cove . Ruby give a curt nod , go over to stobrod 's hut . inman get close to ada . inman we will get to you by nightfall . ada you be safe . she put she hand to he mouth which crease into a smile . inman you Mr. bartram speak about some category of fly bear on the hide of a cow . it fly up into a tree and wait and wait until it smell cow . it can wait a year , two year , I do not know , maybe longer . then a cow come along and it wake up , fly down , lay its egg on the cow . there 's purpose for you . ada and be I the fly in this story , or the cow ? int . stobrod be hut , cherokee village . day Ruby be wrapping a fragile stobrod for the journey . stobrod you come up the mountain for I , darling , I would be dead otherwise , dead and go . ruby you would have find some other fool to rescue you . stobrod he 's sweet on you , that Georgia boy . he cough for a long time . ruby if you say a thing and then cough it 's a lie . daddy , stay on that horse , and do not lose he or sell he . we will need he on the farm . ext . cherokee village . morning and then the two woman be off , little man in they outfit , tramping off in the snow . inman watch . ext . track near three way crossing , cold mountain . day Ruby and ada walk . ruby I hope that Georgia boy 's be see to the animal . ada I think you be think on he ! ruby I be not . I be think on swollen udder -- and before you say same difference ... ada I be say nothing . Ruby elbow she . ruby miss lovey - dovey ! ada elbow she back . ext . three way crossing , cold mountain . day inman have roped stobrod to the horse which he pull down a steep slope . behind he , they hoof muffle by the snow , a group of rider join the trail , in slow but steady pursuit . inman walk on , apparently oblivious to who 's behind he . he and stobrod be some distance from break ground , a fringe of tree . inman ( quietly to stobrod ) do not look round . stobrod get it . inman how many man do he have ? stobrod there be five . you can not reason with that man . inman ( take off he glove ) I get a conversation stopper . ( they be get closer ) closer we get to that break ground the better . inman open he coat . stobrod look at the lemat . they be at the edge of the tree . inman you hold on tight , do you hear ? when I say three , look round , nice and slow . stobrod okay . inman one , two , three . stobrod look round . inman do not . teague have some new body in he entourage but they be all dead . a spare horse have three corpse hung over it , another horse drag a makeshift litter with a couple more , souvenirs of there cave visit . teague wave . teague God damn ! you be a hard fucker to put down . ( they approach ) good direction to that cave from the fat boy -- see the squirrel , sit on the tree make some friend , bring some back with I . his rider begin , quite casually , to fan out . in one movement , inman slap the flank of the horse . which career down the track , then turn and fire , twice , before pitching himself into a roll toward the tree . he first shot knock jo from he horse , the second mo , who fall into the snow , bleeding from the groin and scream . the riderless horse get tangle up with the other . inman be in the tree , shot around he . he do not move away from , but towards the rider inside the line of tree . grayle charge he , riding into the tree . inman shoot he , then rush from the tree , firing , missing bosie , who ride away , evidently not relishing the fight , and throws himself at teague , whose horse be bucking wildly . teague 's carbine fire a involuntary shot into the air . inman yank the gun from he hand with he own leave hand and let go the shotgun barrel of the lemat with the other , the big pistol almost leaping from he hand with the recoil . teague' chest open out as he's thrown off the horse . Mo be still scream . inman walk over and shoot he in the head , then walk to teague , who be say something , the blood blotting the snow under he . inman study he , pick up the Spencer carbine , turn to look where bosie have go , step up onto teague 's horse , rein the horse in , and trot it over to the prostrate teague , leans over and shoot he dead . he turn the horse in the direction bosie have head . he can not see horse or rider , but in the stand of Hickory tree ahead , the gust of steaming breath betray they both . he ride slowly towards the stand of tree . ext . cold mountain . day ada and Ruby walk . they hear the shot . ada turn and start to run through the snow , she hat fly from she head . ext . stand of hickory tree , cold mountain . day inman 's horse be parallel to bosie , who be deep inside the tree but also riding , slowly . it 's like a dance . inman come out of there . bosie no , sir . here 's fine . inman I just have to shoot the horse from under you . bosie shoot she . she 's not mine . you riding Mr teague 's mare ? inman I be . bosie he dead ? inman I hope so . ( wearily , as he bring he horse inside the tree ) look , how old be you ? give I you gun and ride home , I be do fight . I be sick of it . bosie I give you my gun you will shoot I dead . inman I will not shoot you , but nor be I walk down that mountain look over my shoulder for you . bosie that 's what they call a conundrum . I tell you what I have get on my side . inman what have you get on you side ? bosie the confidence of youth . and in that second he produce he gun and fire . inman have already fire the lemat and the boy , shot in the head , fall . caught by one stirrup the horse bolting . inman watch , stock still , then make a cough , as if clearing he throat , and a thin mist of blood sprays from he mouth . ext . ridge , cold mountain . day ada and Ruby run . they reach stobrod , he horse stop , drinking from the creek . stobrod , barely conscious , hang halfway down its flank , hold on by the rope . ada hurry on , take the shotgun from Ruby , who tend to she father . ext . a grove of tree , cold mountain . day ada run past the horse drag the cave corpse . she hardly stop to look at the body , just rush on . the ground simplify and she' at the bottom of a grove . a steep incline , the SUN low and in front of her . she sees a brilliant frame of black tree , and then a sudden flurry of angry crow flying toward her . at the top of the hill be a SMALL hieroglyph of a man . finally , the image from the swanger well exactly as she first saw it . the figure raise a hand , briefly , then pitch forward into the snow . she run , she heart break , towards the body of inman . he 's dead , the red flag of he life ebb , away in the snow . ada fall to she knee and pull he over , the snow crust on he face , which she wipe away with great tenderness , then sit , he head in she lap , as Ruby slowly come up the hill towards they . a violin plays , quite raucous . int . kitchen , black cove farm , easter . day a girl , about five or six , with ada 's curl , sit at the table cradling a tiny lamb , which will not feed from the nipple bottle she offer it . she try again . ada come in suddenly , take a knife from the kitchen , and hurry out . ada you bring that lamb outside . the girl get up , carry the lamb out into the field . ext . field , black cove farm . day the SOUND of the fiddle continuing , joined by a banjo , it 's a glorious spring morning , Black cove farm at its most luxuriant , the path edge with brilliant flower . there be more animal in evidence . the girl emerge from the house and see ada in the field , surround by sheep . she hurry over . ada be expertly skinning a stillborn lamb . the little girl be horrify . grace what be you do ! ada he come out dead , love . she have the skin off the lamb , which lie like a little pink cat on the ground . she approach Grace , take the live lamb from she arm , the girl resistant , frighten . grace do not kill he ! ada I be not go to kill he . but we have to try something or else he 's go to die . she take the skin and wrap it round Grace 's lamb . then put the cover lamb into the pen with the dead lamb 's mother . it go to the sheep and , after a few false start , start to feed , accept as a surrogate . ada be not that a small mercy . and a voice join in with the fiddle and banjo . ext . black cove farm . day stobrod be play , on he repair fiddle . his hair be now completely grey . georgia be play the banjo and sing , although . a SMALL child with Georgia 's reddish coloring keep invade he pick hand try to join in . ruby have another georgia child in her arm , but be also try to serve food . she pass Georgia and touch the top of he head . sally swanger be pour water from a jug , ada emerge from the kitchen , with a big pie , racing to the table . ada ( laugh ) hot hot hot hot hot !!! from behind she , Grace appear , carry a jug of milk , put it on the groan board of the table . Grace have a full plate in front of she , pick up a fork to spear some meat . ada Grace inman , nobody say eat . ( then to stobrod ) Mr. thewes ... the music stop . and there 's quiet except for the sound of animal : low , bark , bray , bleat . ada for good friend , good food , good family : for all we blessing -- oh Lord we thank thee . amen . all amen ! and they eat . the end