colette by Richard glatzer & wash Westmoreland current revision by Rebecca lenkiewicz final shoot script 19th May 2017 '' 2017 Colette Film Holdings Ltd ext . burgundian countryside - sunrise - 1892 1 the first light be break over the field and hedge of this timeless rural landscape . with the clanking of bell , a herd of cow make its way to the first milk . int . colette family home - bedroom - early morning 2 the room be simple with a few stick of wear wooden furniture . a young woman be asleep under the cover , with a cat curl up on the bottom of the bed . this be gabrielle - sidonie colette , or as she will later be know , simply colette . a voice call from down the corridor - she mother sido . sido ( 0.s. ) gabrielle ! the girl stir but she eye remain stubbornly close . sido ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) gabrielle !! wake up . colette ( murmure ) let I sleep ! sido come on , gabrielle !! sido be now at the door frame . a handsome country woman , forthright and practical - nobody 's fool . colette what time be it ? sido it 's 8 o'clock . willy be come today . Colette just murmur . sido ( cont have ) ( cont 'd ) good . then you will not want you hair do . she disappear . after a moment , a head emerge from under the pillow and look to the empty doorway . we get we first look at the milky skinned , precocious , whip -smart , Colette . ext . country train station - day 3 a train belch steam as it slowly move toward the station . a man in a top hat lean out of the window . colette - final shoot script 2 . omitted 4 ext . train carriage - day 5 dismount , willy see a wait carriage across the platform . int . colette family house - parlor 6 wearing she best frock , Colette carry a large tea service down a corridor and into the main room . willy be seat , in conversation with sido and jule , the patriarch , a affable old soldier , with one leg , who be smoking a pipe . jule and how be Paris this day , willy ? willy it 's a hot bed ! it 's '' electric ! '' heaving with artist , writer , poet , all seek to say something profound ... most of they be too young or craze but still , they do generate a certain ... life force ! Colette , she hair neatly plait , put the cup out for everyone then take over the teapot and pour . jule we be go to see a play in Paris - be not we ? sido La tosca . willy I be at the open . I would not bother , quite frankly . Sarah bernhardt do she best , she always do , but the piece be too overwrought in a particularly feminine way ... melodramatic in extremis ! tear on the stage but all dry eye in the house . sido maybe I '11 go and make up my own mind . willy well , just remember ... if a book bore you , you can throw it away . if a painting be garish , you close you eye . ( more ) colette - final shoot script 3 . willy ( cont 'd ) whereas bad theatre be like dentistry ; you be compel to stay in the chair , have you skull drill , until the entire grizzly procedure be over . jule good point , willy . painful business ! colette though I imagine it must hold a secret source of enjoyment - for the dentist . willy raise a appreciative eyebrow and chuckle . willy indeed ... oh - I almost forget . a small gift . he reach in he pocket and pull out a small package . she unwrap it to find a snow globe of paris . colette thank you . I have read about this . willy shake it . she do and look , fascinate , at the twirling flake . colette look , sido . a snow globe . she hold it up for she mother . ext . colette family house — late afternoon 7 M. willy bid good - bye to Jules , sido and Colette , before the carriage move off . Colette be hold she comfortable old cat which she hand off to she mother . colette sido , I be go for a walk . sido Change you dress first . colette I 'il stay on the path . sido Change it ! colette - final shoot script 4 . int . colette family house - stair - minute later 8 now in a different dress , Colette start to come down stair . hear she parent talk in the kitchen , she slow up , listen carefully . sido ( 0.s. ) there 's something about he I find suspect ... something disingenuous . jule ( 0.s . ) oh , not in my reckoning ... he 's a good man . he have a reputation , yes , but there come a time ina man 's life to settle down ... and she 's the right age for it . she will be twenty next time around . sido ( 0.s . ) I just worry that he will not understand she . that girl say she first word at nine month . she be always read , way ahead of she class , she be the lead in the school play - every year . jule ( 0.s. ) my dear , would anyone be good enough for you ? sido hmmph . now on the ground floor Colette wait outside the door as she parent talk . sido move into view by the kitchen sink . sido ( cont 'd ) have you finish the letter to he father ? jule I keep start but I can not seem to finish it . a girl without a dowry , - that just do not happen in they circle . they may cut he off if he marries she . sido so they call it off . the world will not end . as she father talk , Colette sneak back up the last five stair ... 10 11 colette - final shoot script 5 . jule sido , he clearly adore she - he 's visit four time . he will give she status , not to mention a tremendous cultural life - the theater , the opera . he ’1ll give she Paris for heaven 's sake ! Colette come clumping down the stair , slightly too loudly and into the room . colette can I go now ? sido yes . take this - for blackberry . ( hand she a pot ) I be make a tart tomorrow . and do not be late back . colette ( eye roll ) I will not ... sido watch she daughter , not without suspicion , as she take off across the garden . ext . saint - sauveur — countryside - late afternoon 9 Colette run down a path , then back up , pick a few prime blackberry , and continue on . she move through the wood , with the stealth of a animal then break out across a broad green meadow towards a barn . ext . old barn — late afternoon 10 she approach the gape black door of a dilapidate barn . int . old barn 11 enter the darkness , Colette blink to re-adjust she eye . a flutter of wing attract she attention . she turn to see a ascend pigeon . then , below , a tired old horse . colette where be you ? willy over here . enjoy the simple pleasure of country life ! behind a partition , she see willy , recline on a pile of straw . colette - final shoot script 6 . colette you look at home in the hay . willy I think I might be ! and you look like a beautiful young country girl . right there . with the light ... what 's that ? Colette show he , put the bowl between they as she nestle beside he . her hand be blue with the juice . she look willy ( cont ’d ) you finger be stain . ( he take she hand ) mm ... maybe I could just leave Paris behind . ( he take a blackberry ) you could feed I berry . I have catch a fish with my tooth . then come back here to my cave . like a bear . bliss . colette I would like that . willy ( he caress she braid ) you hair be a phenomenon . colette in the village , they call I '' the girl with the hair . '' willy I can see why . I be sure you be famous here in you village . colette a little . down . colette ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) how long until you train go ? willy in about 40 minute . but I have to walk to the station . colette normally take I about 15 minute . will probably take you 20 . colette - final shoot script 7 . willy yes. right . so if my calculation be correct ... colette we have time - if we be quick . willy yes , we do . he smile , move by she beauty , kiss she , then break off . colette what ? willy I just can not say how unimaginably happy I be , gabrielle . colette so be I . he hold she by she shoulder firmly . willy I adore you . he kiss she shoulder . feeling he beard brush against she skin , Colette smile as they move into a passionate embrace . a nearby horse chew hay as they proceed to take they clothes off . 11a int . colette 's bedroom . night . 11a Colette sprawl out on the bed , she hair in plait . she be write a letter in a school exercise book in pencil , rest on a encyclopaedia . colette dear willy , as I walk home by the river , the light shine through the tree , my heart fill with a kind of delicious pride . after all , you know all that fine woman of Paris ... so I must have something . ( smile to herself ) ) I want to wake up next to you . trace you profile with my finger while you sleep . know that the day be ours . that life be ours for the take . we will be so entire and so happy , my love . colette - final shoot script 8 . 12 ext . garden - afternoon 12 at the wedding Party , Jules be make a toast Colette and willy in front of a mix crowd of wedding guest . jule it 's the proudest time in a father 's life , but also - I now find - one of the saddest . I have to hand over my beloved daughter , who have light up we life for so long , with she wit , she brilliance , she beauty . I will miss you , gabrielle . almost as much as you mother will ... a murmur of acknowledgement from the assemble . Colette smile at she father , and catch she mother 's eye , hold back emotion . jule ( cont 'd ) but it be no small compensation that I give she to a man of such inestimable stand . there be many celebrity in Paris but few be famous enough to be know by -- by a single name . willy - welcome to the Colette family . everyone cheer . Colette turn to she new husband , glow . some time later - evening a country band strike up . couple polka around the garden . a couple of peasant carry trays of drink from a kitchen tent to the guest . some child chase a chicken through the dancer . willy ( cont would ) this be definitely a country wedding . colette it will make a good story -- in Paris . willy you will be the story in Paris , gabrielle . just wait ' till they get a look at you . willy twirl Colette round and round and round ... 13 14 15 colette - final shoot script 9 . ext . CITY of paris - evening - 1893 13 across the river seine - the center of the demi-monde ; the Left Bank . this be not postcard Paris - the building be sooty and chimney be fill the sky with smoke . on the quay , people go about they business as a young attendant light the gas lamp . int . colette and willy 's apartment - boudoir - evening 14 matilde , the may , be winch Colette into a very tight red froufrou dress . a knock on the door . willy ( 0.8 ) be you ready yet ? colette no - not yet . ( to the may ) what do you think , matilde ? matilde it 's pretty , Madame . Colette look at herself critically . int . bedroom / hallway 15 willy return and prepare to knock again . willy ( 0.8 ) we should try to get there before it end . colette ( 0.s. ) I be come ... the door open . Colette be in another dress - the one from they meeting in Saint -sauveur . matilde hover nervously . colette ( cont ’d ) be the carriage wait ? willy look disappointed but together they proceed through several room to the front door . we get a feel for willy 's apartment - a warren of dark room overcrowded by box , papers and wagnerian bric -a-brac . willy , it seem , be a hoarder . willy where 's you new dress ? colette it look ridiculous . I could not breathe in it . 16 17 18 colette - final shoot script 10 . willy that thing cost I two hundred and thirty - seven francs . colette I know . we will get it adjust . willy ( half joke ) more money ! they exit . ext . elegant parisian STREET — early evening 16 the carriage pull up . Colette be fiddling with a spot of tooth powder on she dress . willy what be it ? colette ... it 's tooth paste . willy ( amused ) my God ! here ... he rub a little spit on it . willy ( cont ’d ) that 's 1ll do . let 's go in ... int . mme . do caillavet 's salon — hallway 17 they approach the giant door . willy ready for the lion ...? she let out a nervous exhale . the double door glide open . int . madame do caillavet 's salon - MAIN room 18 willy and Colette proceed into a reception room fill with the beautiful , the sparkling , and the eccentric of Paris 's Golden Age . the mirror have be polished ; so have the epigram . amidst the gas lamp , the India rubber plant , and the zebra skin rug , the energy be bounce off the wall . willy acknowledge hellos and nod to people along the way . with she tight braid and country dress , Colette look drab in this sea of peacock . colette - final shoot script 11 . they arrive at a circle of conversation -- that of mme . do caillavet , the hostess , the debonair count muffat , and a few salonite and friend . mme . do caillavet it 's monstrous . I can not look at it . count muffat at least it 's temporary . mme . do caillavet oh here 's willy -- willy ! eiffel 's Tower , be you for or against ? willy I be for it , if a little jealous of this giant erection in the heart of we capital ... belong to someone else . laughter from the circle . mme . do caillavet you rogue , willy . and you have bring a... a orphane relative ? count muffat a secret love child ? willy ( acknowledge they mockery ) very good ... May I present to you my wife , gabrielle - sidonie Colette . Colette curtsy politely , she cheek flush . colette please to meet you . mme . do caillavet delighted . well , astonished actually . you have catch the slipperiest eel ... how do one do that ? colette I be not sure ... Colette smile , a little nervously . mme . do caillavet where be you from , you sweet thing ? colette - final shoot script 12 . colette I be from saint-sauveur-en-puisaye ... ( no reaction ) ... it 's in burgundy . mme . do caillavet hence the dress ! count muffat have you '' relocate , '' willy ? this be apparently hilarious and there be laughter . mme . do caillavet tst ...ignore he ... but how on earth do you two meet ? colette we father serve together in the army ... count muffat ( riding over she ) willy marry ! the wild day be do , eh ? colette you be quite mistaken , sir . the wild day have just begin . willy smile at he new bride 's moxie . a business - like young man rush up to willy . this be pierre veber . veber willy , thank God you be back . that short story for La forgue — willy Pierre . let I introduce you to my wife , gabrielle . veber what ..? very pleased to meet you . before she can speak , he turn to willy with a more urgent tone . veber ( cont ’d ) it 's due on Tuesday and you have not give I the slight clue . willy amuse yourself for a moment , gabrielle . 19 colette - final shoot script 13. colette I will . willy draw veber aside to continue the shop talk . willy it 's simple - a eight hundred word sketch . small coastal resort , damp bathing - costume . the perfect place to rejuvenate a de-iodize constitution . a buxom girl approach , long leg ... Colette be leave stand by herself . nearby , a silver tray display a live turtle with a exquisitely jewele shell . she take a lettuce leaf from a salad dish and feed it . colette poor thing . you want the earth and the grass do not you ? across the room she see willy , with veber , lift the glass on a wall candle and lighting a cigar . feeling out of sort , she move through to a adjacent room where ... int . mme . do caillavet 's salon — music room 19 a string quartet be give a recital to the assemble . across the room a group of salonite be clearly discuss she . embarrass , Colette find a empty seat . she look across the room - the salonite be still whisper . schwob be you ear burn ? Colette look up and see - marcel schwob , a intellectual with a humane gleam in he eye . he sit next to she . schwob ( cont ’d ) I be schwob , a friend of willy 's . colette hello . I be gabrielle . willy describe you to I . schwob I hope he be kind . colette ( wryly ) hope cost nothing . 20 21 colette - final shoot script 14 . schwob raise a amused eyebrow , then look out into the room where people be steal glance at they . schwob the modern day mob , be not they ? ( Colette nod ) but they goddess be gossip instead of the guillotine . be you feel overwhelm ? colette a little . schwob they may look grand and intimidating . but just imagine they shitting . each and every one of they . Colette look at he , incredulous . schwob ( cont ’d ) well they all do , do not they ? across the room , a important - looking gentleman , wave to schwob . schwob ( cont ’d ) ( to the gentleman ) good evening , sir! ( to Colette ) try it . aeroplane version schwob ( cont 'd ) they may look grand and intimidating . but just imagine they perch over a chamber pot . each and every one of they . int . madame do caillavet 's salon - various room 20 we follow Colette as she search for willy in the sea of socialite . she walk through room where people be now dance in a avant garde fashion then through a series of smaller compartment , where servant be polish glass and chef be prepare hor d'oeuvre , past palm and oil lamp , to a distant room at the far end of the salon . int . mme . do caillavet 's salon — smoking room 21 from the doorway , Colette spy willy lean on the mantelpiece talk to a beautiful young woman in a red dress . the woman lean in close to he , laugh . he whisper something and she laugh even harder . 22 colette - final shoot script 15 . there 's a shriek come from the corner of the main room . Colette turn to see the crowd laugh as a bohemian pour milk into a upright piano . int . horse - drawn carriage — moving — night 22 Colette look out the window into the night - time street . after a moment , willy venture a question . willy so what do you think of the salon ? willy ( cont ’d ) that be essentially - what you witness tonight - everyone who 's anyone in Paris ... colette be it ..? willy who do you like ? who do you talk to ? colette I like the tortoise . I think he be as bored as I be . willy I suspect you be more intimidate than bored ? colette no . I find they ... shallow . pretentious . willy ah , you be read they wrongly . it 's not pretension so much as exaggeration . the ideal be to be authentic yet larger than life . to present a personality with a capital P. you could do it too with you country girl charm ... she turn to he . colette ( interrupt ) do that woman have a capital p ? willy which one ? 23 24 25 colette - final shoot script 16 . colette the one you be talk to ? in the red dress . with the breast ? willy Nicole d’allier ? that be just ... flirtation . it mean absolutely nothing . colette then why do it ? willy it 's what one do ... to pass the time . it stave off boredom . you be read it all completely wrong . Colette sigh , frustrated . willy change tack . colette maybe ... willy forget about all of they now . any way - have not you hear the news ? willy be marry . happily marry . and he 's go home with he bride , who he love very much . Colette nod , look at he with a half -smile . he be forgiven . ext . paris STREET 23 the carriage ride off into the distance . int . colette and willy 's build - staircase - morning 24 from directly above , we see Pierre veber dash up the stair . int . colette and willy 's apartment - entrance room 25 Colette be seat at a desk , carefully rough out a letter . she write a line then cross it out , rephrase it . there 's a knock at the door . veber enter in the hallway and look through to Colette 's small room where she sit with a large pile of correspondence . colette hello , veber . 26 colette - final shoot script 17 . veber gabrielle . it 's cold out there today . colette I be under house arrest so it do not affect I . ( gesture to the other room ) schwob 's already in there . we follow veber through the maze- like apartment to willy 's office . he pass through the front room which be semi-dark , its furniture cover by dust sheet . int . willy study 26 willy , mid-flow , barely notice veber enter . schwob sit by a oil lamp , take note . willy so something like ... '' all the humor and vivacity descend into ... a dreadful melodramatic swamp ! or ... it release the toxin of man 's very soul , leave the audience pale , and nauseous as though have eat a bad oyster . '' schwob it 's a bit extreme . the end be actually quite touch . willy think for a moment . willy hmmph - I prefer my version . he finally acknowledge the new arrival . willy ( cont ’d ) veber ! veber willy . schwob . willy ( to schwob ) so drop in that embellishment and file it at the echo before six . schwob will do . ( he leave . ) 27 colette - final shoot script 18. willy the factory 's on fire ... we be on fire ...! sit . I have hada remarkable idea - it could be , anyway ... veber what be it ? willy I be go to launch a novel . veber what ?! willy we have have storey by willy , music review by willy . now willy 's first novel . there 'il be enough literature in it to appeal to the high - brow and enough filth for the great unwash . veber and who 's go to write it ? willy -.- you be ! veber shake he head , absorb this . willy ( cont ’d ) brandy ? cigar ? int . entrance room 27 schwob stop to chat to Colette by the desk . matilde be stoke the fire . schwob be you write for he too ? he 's make you one of he ghost already ? colette just letter ... schwob you be fastidious ... exact . colette a lot of crossing out , you mean . schwob ... well , yes . colette - final shoot script 19 . colette willy copy they out afterwards - so they be in he handwrite . matilde no one have handwrite like M. willy . 28 int . willy study 28 willy be completely absorb in he pitch , sweat bead from he forehead as he pace . willy he first see she , monna , hold aloft on the shoulder of she admirer .. she 's eighteen , beautiful , wild and she 's from the street , eat man up , never wear a corset . and we hero , renaud - a writer , a genius - he 's captivate by she . she seduce he in she shabby room - five entire day of carnal bliss - but she have a powerful hold over he . she instinctively understand he base desire . we wonder - will renaud escape - go back to he wholesome friend and he burgeon career - or will he be drag down by she toxic embrace , forget all about write to live forever in a sexual quagmire . .? willy end with a flourish , eye slightly damp . 29 int . colette and willy 's apartment 29 Colette get up from she desk , as willy escort veber through the apartment . willy how long do you think it will take ? veber two or three month ? willy no no ... week , veber ! it have to be week ! write for four hour at a time ... veber all right ... I ’1l1 come back to you if I get stick . colette - final shoot script 20 . willy yes ... just write it ... and fast ! let 's get some money come in . veber Goodbye , gabrielle . she wave . the door close on veber . a piece of wallpaper have pull free of the wall . willy rub it back in place . willy Chaos . work in this condition . absolute ... chaos . willy come over to he wife and kiss she as they walk back into the front room . willy ( cont ’d ) you have marry a literary entrepreneur . what a phenomenal disaster . colette you have marry a country girl . not a penny to she name . willy we be utterly doom be not we ? they both laugh . she hand he the rough draft of the letter . he peruse it quickly . willy ( cont ’d ) perfect ... but how about ; '' the contract you have send I seem eminently fair , with only one shortcome - the money . '' always pump something up before you prick it . you get more of a '' pop '' that way . unexpectedly , willy fart . colette willy ! willy intimacy in all its savage abandon , my love ! I have a few meeting today . let 's meet at La mascotte at nine . no make it ten . colette ..- Goodbye willy . 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 colette - final shoot script 21 . Colette watch he go . music come up for the next sequence close on a pane of glass 30 it be greenish , uneven , and mottle . use a tiny pair of scissors , a hand be etching the letter " W . '' int . LA mascotte - night 31 willy , Colette , schwob , veber and a coquette , be finish up a meal , drink champagne . willy be regaling they with a anecdote as he pay the bill with a roll of note . int . theatre - night 32 as willy walk down the aisle toward he seat , he be in he element . he nod acknowledgement and greeting to everybody who be anybody . Colette follow a couple of step behind . int . colette and willy 's apartment - entrance room - day 33 we see the etching progress - wil . the creator be none other than Colette , alone , absorb in this labor of love . int . live room - day 34 Colette start pull sheet off old furniture in the live room and open up the blind . int . bedroom - night 35 in bed together , willy be read the evening paper as Colette nuzzle into he chest . he indicate a cartoon draw - of himself with he trademark top hat - that Colette find amusing . int . entrance room - day 36 Colette complete the etching of W I ll y on the kitchen window , take a moment to admire she handiwork . music end . ext . rue jacob - afternoon 37 Colette walk towards home , turn into the courtyard and collect the mail . int . colette and willy 's apartment - hallway / live room 38 she enter , already open the envelope and walk through the house peruse the letter - that be write in green ink . 39 40 4l 42 43 colette - final shoot script 22 . colette ( murmure ) no ... you be a liar . disgust , she crumple it and throw it to the ground . ext . street of paris - afternoon 39 we follow close on Colette as she walk determinedly . the street seem abrasive , dirty , pollute . several STREET walker ignore she as she walk by . she check the address on the crumpled letter , look up at the building . ext . courtyard - late afternoon 40 Colette walk across the courtyard , up the stair , across a balcony and try the door to a small apartment . it 's lock . then she hear a familiar voice and move over to look through a small window . int . lotte kinceler 's apartment - late afternoon 4l willy ( 0.s. ) that 's 153 plus 278 plus 34 plus 106 for you hat ... that make it 571 . for one month , Lotte ... lotte do you want I to look cheap ? willy be with the voluptuous lotte kinceler . between they the damn evidence : a accounting ledger . willy but for that money I could be laid five time as often by a prostitute . ext . lotte’s kinceler 's apartment - late afternoon 42 there 's the sound of a woman 's raucous laughter . Colette turn to see two sex -worker across the courtyard . as she turn back , willy see she at the window . Lotte instinctively grab a pair of dressmaker scissors . willy ah , my dear . you have come to fetch I . ext . courtyard - late afternoon 43 now walk back down the stair , Colette be struggle mightily to keep she emotion in check as willy bluster . colette - final shoot script 23 . willy she 's not a disreputable woman . there 's even a play about she - it 's a shit play but nevertheless ... I wonder who the hell write that letter ? colette I do not care who write it . willy she 's no rival to you , gabrielle . I promise , I 'il never sleep with she again . but - you have to understand - this be what man do . we be the weaker sex . we do not have you strength . we be simply slave to we urge . and here in the city - it 's perfectly acceptable to ... Colette fly at he with inarticulate rage . colette I do not accept it ! you have be lie to I . all this time ! I wait for you all day long ! and I never ask you for anything because you say we have no money . willy it 's true - we have no money . colette because you spend it all on she ! willy I really do not ! colette then when you get into we bed ... and I touch you ... and I kiss you ... and you say you be too tired ... every night ...no ! no ! willy I have be inattentive . i’1l make amend . he reach out to she . colette do not you dare touch I ! she spit out the word with such venom that they bring he to a halt as she walk on . 44 45 colette - final shoot script 24 . willy gabrielle ! I give up my inheritance for you ! my bloody freedom ! colette go to hell ! she exit through the large beat - up gateway . ext . rural train station - day 44 the train pull into the station . a solitary figure wait on the platform - sido . ext . colette family house — backyard - day 45 sido and Colette be hang out laundry . Colette seem to be only half - listen - she mind be elsewhere . sido ... the Laurent girl have she baby last week . it be over nine pound , but she manage well enough . she call she '' monique frangoise . '' the christen be next month . oh , and the durand move away . colette really ? why ? sido he inherite a house . in lorraine . in 1l miss they . Colette manage a half smile . sido ( cont 'd ) I be glad that you be home . how long do you think you will stay ? colette I do not know , sido . sido it must seem boring to you . compare to Paris . colette no . not at all . 46 47 colette - final shoot script 25 . int . colette family house - parlor — day 46 Colette be stretch out on a sofa , read a book , absently stroking a cat in she lap . a loud clock be tick . sido appear at the doorway . sido you must eat something . colette I be not hungry . sido you be always hungry . gabrielle ... you be not ..? {pregnant} colette no . I 'il eat later . sido turn to leave but look back at Colette . sido come outside . help I with the tomato . ext . sido 's kitchen garden - day 47 Colette and sido be kneel together in the soil . they tie some young tomato plant . a ant crawl up one of the stem . sido agh - ant . there must be honeydew ... colette ( feel the leaf ) yes .. it 's sticky . sido the white fly have probably get to it . they will have suck all the juice . colette we need some ladybird ? sido or a spider . there 's a big one that 's dangle in my room . i'1l catch she and put she to work out here . Colette stop , look at sido . colette - final shoot script 26 . colette do you ever feel like you be play a part , sido ? sido in what way ? colette as a wife ... or a mother ... that you be just go through the motion ? sido think . inspect the other leave . sido sometimes as a wife .. never as a mother . why ? Colette shake she head , perturb . sido ( cont 'd ) be he good to you gabri ..? ( Colette 's eye tear up ) what be it , my love ? Colette finally open up ... colette nothing 's how I imagine it . sido come here ... Colette fall into she mother . sido ( cont 'd ) my darling kitten . no one can take away what you be - no one . you be too strong for that . always have be . trust no one but yourself . colette I know . sido what 's he do to upset you ? colette nothing ... nothing . ( she pull away ) it 's all - just - new ... that 's all . I must get use to marriage . sido nod , look at she daughter who look away . colette - final shoot script 27 . sido better to make marriage get use to you . 48 ext . saint sauveur - river bank - day 48 willy and Colette walk along the dapple bank of the green slow river . she be distant . he be persistent . willy be you happy to be here ? colette yes . it make the city seem even more foul ... willy well , you be a country girl ... she roll she eye . willy ( cont ’d ) do you miss I ? colette ( lie ) no , not really . willy life have be ... awful without you . just dead . his tone grow more emotional . she hold firm . willy ( cont ’d ) I do not feel like myself at all . everything seem ... utterly pointless . I can not even write anymore ... you mean more to I than all the woman of Paris put together . colette have you sample they all ? willy please do not mock I . colette you be happy to mock everybody else ... willy it 's true . it 's all horseshit ... word be deceptive little bastard ... ( more ) colette - final shoot script 28 . willy ( cont 'd ) but if you trace mine to they source - to my bruise , aching heart ... colette I would not credit that as the organ of origin . he snort . willy you know I too well . colette I can read you like the top line of a optician 's chart . willy that 's wonderful . do you make it up ? ( she shake she head exasperate ) just ... tell I what you want , gabrielle . and I ’11l do it . she turn face he . colette I know who you be , willy ... and maybe I know all along . but I want you not to lie to I . willy I will not . never again ! I promise . colette I do not want to be treat like a little wife at home . I want to know what 's go on . whatever it May be . I want to be ... part of thing . willy you will be . you will be part of everything . he give she he most sincere eye . he put he arm round she and they voice get quieter as they walk further away . willy ( cont ’d ) ... and I ’1ll even buy you a dog . colette I be be serious . colette - final shoot script 29 . willy so be i. ( he look around ) this river be so beautiful . colette yes , I and luce use to come swim here after school . willy you do ? she be you best friend , be not she ? colette no - but she be always with I . 49 int . colette family house - bedroom 49 willy be now in bed , Colette be undress . they talk quietly so as not to wake sido . colette sometimes she could be sweet .. but she could also be very annoying . willy in what way ? colette well , she be clumsy , more than anything . one day in winter , when the first snow start , I make a compact little snowball and smuggle it into the classroom . as miss terrain be write I pass it along to the next person .. she strip down to she underclothes , shiver slightly . colette ( cont 'd ) brrrrrr . willy get in . I be like a pot-belly stove . Colette get in and cling to he . willy warm she hand . 50 51 52 colette - final shoot script 30 . colette it finally get to luce .. who '' drop '' it .. we both get detention . .. she have do anything to be close to I . willy laugh . willy I bet she do . he kiss she . they re-engage passionately and make love . int . colette family home - upstair corridor 50 sido , in she nightgown , carry a oil lamp down the corridor . from Colette 's bedroom come the rhythmic creak of the bed spring that she do she best to ignore . ext . paris - morning - 1895 51 a aerial shot move over the rooftop , church , square and street of Paris . int . colette and willy 's apartment 52 Colette come out of the kitchen eat a peach . a little bulldog come scamper after she . this be Toby Chien . she hear a argument and move stealthily through the apartment to ascertain its source . through the door she see Pierre veber ( angry ) and schwob ( diplomatic ) in front of willy 's desk . willy get out ! both of you ! this be harassment ! schwob willy , come on . you be not be fair . veber this be the third time I have have to come round and ask you for it ! willy then stop come round and bloody well ask ! veber I be close to be evict . you owe I 400 francs . you have get the advance from ollendorff you say ! colette - final shoot script 31 . willy and I will - by Friday . veber you say that last week . schwob a factory need to pay its worker , willy ! willy go on strike then ! get some other idiot to hire you ! leave I alone ! both of you ! i’1l have you money by Friday . veber you would better bloody have it ! veber walk briskly into the live room , nod to Colette , too angry to speak , and exit . schwob follow , say goodbye . willy emerge , forlorn , and start to get ready to leave . willy damn they ! they have never get publish by themselves . I lend they my name , my reputation ... I take all the risk . and there 's no money . we simply need more output . colette you could get another writer in . willy and pay they with what ? we only have about 1000 come in this month - 300 from the echo , 425 for the next vamp novel and 250 from the music review . but it do not cover we outgoing . colette how can we spend that much ? willy the mortgage , matilde , restaurant ... colette you always pick up the bill , willy , however many people join we . willy it 's expect . 53 colette - final shoot script 32 . colette and the casino . and the race ... willy what do you want I to do ? live like a monk ? or a peasant ? colette I be just say we could economize . Mademoiselle terrain always use to say , '' look after the penny and .. '' then lightning strike ... willy you ... you ! colette what ? willy you could write they up . that storey of Saint - sauveur you tell I last year . they could be willy 's next novel . colette my school storey ? willy yes . there may be something there ... you must start straight away , my love . aim for four hour at a time - the wolf be at the door ! he go back to he study . Colette 's mind be racing . int . entrance room — momenta later 53 sitting at a desk , exercise book open , Colette dip she fountain pen in the ink . a statuette of willy be perch in the front of the desk , overlook she . she write school note by gabrielle - sidonie colette on the first page . colette ( v.o . ) my name be claudine . I live in ... montigny . I be bear there in ... 1881 . I shall probably not die there . 54 55 colette - final shoot script 33 . int . colette and willy 's build - staircase - late 54 evening from directly above , we see willy trudging upstairs . int . bedroom - late evening 55 moment later , a rather tipsy willy enter the bedroom . Colette be in bed , she eye wide open . willy why be not you sleep ? colette I only just stop write . willy sit on the bed , belch , and take off he boot . willy do you manage four hour ...? colette twice that . at least . willy really ?! you must be a natural ! colette I have change a few thing ... for the story . but it might ruffle a few feather back home . willy do not worry about the fact . you can add a character , make up a event . adapt it to the time ! all people really want be the feel , the emotion - that great sweep of narrative . colette so I should just write what I want ? willy yes ! no one will ever dispute it - and if they do ... '' it be the hand that hold the pen that write history . '' spontaneously , Colette come over to he , wrap she arm around he from behind and nibble on he ear . he do not respond . colette you be not in the mood ? 56 57 58 colette - final shoot script 34 . willy I be tired as a bear in winter ... save it for the book ! int . entrance room - day 56 music start up . we see Colette label a new exercise book school note part 3 before she start on the fresh page . colette ( v.o . ) '' this be the copse , where bush spitefully catch you face as you pass . that be full of sun and strawberry and lily - of - the-valley and ... snake . I have shudder there with choke terror at the sight of that dreadful , smooth , cold body glide in front of my foot . 's she be completely absorb . colette ( v.o . ) '' I feel so much alone there , my eye lose far away amongst the tree , in the green , mysterious daylight that be at once deliciously peaceful and a little unnerve because of the loneliness and the vague darkness . '' int . willy 's study - morning 57 there 's a pile of five notebook on willy 's desk with a ribbon round they and a label that say '' for willy . '' seat behind he desk , willy unty the precious package , pick up the first book and settles in to read it . after a few page he take a cigar and light it . int . live room - night 58 Colette be play with toby chien on the floor . she get up and look at the grandfather clock in the hall - 1:30 . half a hour later willy emerge with the book . Colette be on the sofa with the dog , a novel open in front of she . he smile , congratulatory but awkward . colette what ? 59 colette - final shoot script 35 . willy well ... there we be . you do it . I take my hat off to you . colette and ? willy it 's ... beautiful . I spend the whole day in Saint - sauveur . colette you do not like it ? willy I do ... colette Truth ? willy yes . the nature description be ... charming . colette '' charm ...? '' willy head off to boudoir . willy yes , perfectly charming ! sorry , I need to take a piss . colette what else ? willy nothing - really - it 's a truly wonderful depiction . int . colette and willy 's apartment —- bedroom 59 she follow he into the bedroom . he go into the adjoin boudoir , take out a chamber pot and start pissing . she flop onto the bed . colette ..- and ? willy we will not be able to get it publish be the shame of it ... 60 colette - final shoot script 36 . colette what 's wrong with it ? willy honestly ...? she nod . he take a breath . willy ( cont ’d ) so ... i’1l treat you like any other writer I be give a report to , shall I ? colette yes . willy except I love you . I adore you . let 's be clear about that . colette just tell I . he finish up , zip up , and come into the bedroom . willy there 's nothing drive it . no plot . a novel by willy ... it grip you from page one . your have ... ( he gesture ) ... too many adjective . some of the character be interesting but overall ... well , it 's just too cloying . too ... feminine . she say nothing , stare at the floor , anger mount . colette well that be a waste of nine month . willy not if you enjoy it . not want to break in front of willy , she storm off , through the apartment . int . willy study 60 Colette slam the door behind she , eye brim with tear . she open the notebook and look at the first page . it say , '' School Notes by gabrielle - sidonie Colette . '' she take a pen , cross out she name . 61 colette - final shoot script 37 . and stop , leave the single word '' Colette . '' she look at it for a moment , tear in she eye , and underline it . int . mme . do caillavet 's salon - music room - evening 61 a makeshift stage , where the famous mime artist , wague , perform a lip-sync sketch , accompany by a pianist and a female singer . the audience be transfix by he mastery of the form . Colette and schwob be at the edge of the crowd . Colette be dress in black and white , she style feel modern and edgy - well ahead of the fussily - dress socialite . colette wague 's mesmerize , be not he ? schwob yes - he 's the king of cantomime ... the song play out its last few line . everyone burst into applause . schwob ( cont 'd ) let 's get a drink . moment later two champagne glass be take off a tray . colette ( to the servant ) thank you , geraud . schwob cheer . they clink glass . schwob ( cont 'd ) how 's it go with you book ? colette it 's go . I try but it be not any good . schwob I can not believe it . colette willy hate it . I do not care . I do not need to leave a mark on this world . ( more ) colette - final shoot script 38 . colette ( cont 'd ) give I a flock of starling and that will intoxicate I . something real . not just do line for the headmaster .. ( take a moment ) do you always write , schwob ? schwob I do not really have a choice . it be simply ... there . colette do it make you happy ? schwob oh god no ! I do it to prevent I from go mad . but sometimes , occasionally , it will transport I . this register with Colette . despite she bravura - she miss it . they be interrupt by a beautiful couple ; gaston and jeanne de caillavet . gaston hello schwob ! good to see you . schwob hello gaston , Jeanne . do you know Colette ? jeanne I think we have be introduce but ... I do not remember that name . colette it 's new - in a manner of speak . jeanne well then , I will think of this as we first meeting . schwob look from one to the other , sense a definite energy . int . mme . do caillavet 's salon - entry room 62 Madame de caillavet be demonstrate the newly install light switch to willy , who seem distract . mme . do caillavet it 's so easy . on and off . no more sooty candle . 62a colette - final shoot script 39 . willy yes , maybe one day they will do my building . mme . do caillavet it 's so much safer too . even if the light be a little ... bright . willy indeed . if you 's 1ll excuse I . willy make he exit and look through the crowd for Colette . he round a corner and see , through one room in which people be dancing , into a far room where Colette , gaston and jeanne do caillavet be sit together . int . mme . do caillavet 's salon - smoking room 62a the newly introduce friend be all already quite tipsy . they be sit in front of a mirrore wall that reflect the dancers . gaston be read Colette 's palm . as willy stare , a flicker of jealousy pass through he eye . gaston you have a long life line . very strong head line - here . and you love line split in three . colette and what could that mean ? jeanne who know ? gaston laugh , somewhat flirtatiously . gaston so many intersect line . colette I have the hand of a man - see . she measure up to gaston - hers be larger . jeanne you have a touch of Hermes , Colette . there 's something androgynous about you . gaston no , I know what it be . you have the soul of narcissus ! fill with sensuality and bitterness . colette - final shoot script 40 . colette my soul be fill with bean and bacon rind . you 'il find nothing else there . they all laugh . willy arrive in front of they . gaston do caillavet willy , you ogre , how be you ? we have be greatly enjoy the company of Colette - now she be no longer hide she light under a bushel . willy quoting the good book , gaston ? you may remember a little verse about covete other man 's wife . gaston and you may remember one about not try to remove a speck from you brother 's eye with a log in you own . willy ( amused ) touché gaston . you wit be improve ... somewhat . we have better go now , darling . 63 int . carriage - moving - night 63 willy his first play be absolute rubbish - but he mother run a salon , so of course it be a huge success and he be praise to the sky for he brilliant '' write '' and sublime '' talent . '' unctuous prick ... he be after you . colette willy , he 's not that type . besides they just get marry . willy they be no longer on honeymoon , my dear . Colette look at he , slightly amused ... colette you jealousy be misplace . willy why so ..? colette - final shoot script 41 . colette it be actually he wife I find interesting . willy Jeanne ? colette yes . willy consider this . colette ( cont ’d ) what would you think of that ? willy well , that 's a different case . colette it be ? willy perhaps ... willy smile to himself . 64 int . staircase - day 64 from above we see two burly man ascend the staircase . 65 int . colette and willy 's apartment - day - 1898 65 a knock at the door . Colette answer to two rough-looking bailiff . bailiff good Morning , ma ’am . I need to speak to the gentleman of the house . colette what be it ? bailiff monsieur henri gautier villar - be he in ? colette you can speak to I about whatever it be . bailiff sorry mar ’am . willy walk up the hallway . 66 67 colette - final shoot script 42 . willy yes . what be it ? bailiff Sir , I have a repossession order for two arm chair , one armoire , one oak desk . willy do you have the court papers ? bailiff here you be . all in order . willy survey they and resign , step to the side . colette willy ? willy it 's only bit of wood . ( to the bailiff ) the chair be in the front parlour . armoire 's in the bedroom . colette with all my clothes in ... willy clear it out ! i’1l see to the desk . she storm off in exasperation . willy go into the office . int . colette and willy 's apartment - office 66 the desk be surround by pile of paper and envelope . he clear the papers out of the second lowest drawer and open the bottom drawer . Inside be a stack of school notebook — Colette 's novel . he pick they out of the drawer . bailiff ready ? willy take it ! take it away ! he open the book and flip through a few page . then a few more , he curiosity arouse . int . colette and willy 's apartment - day 67 willy sit on a single chair in the middle of the room . this time he 's engage - grip ! he make margin note in spidery handwrite . 68 colette - final shoot script 43. willy ( to himself ) I be a bloody idiot . then , he skip back to the first page where it say '' School Notes by ( crossing out ) Colette . '' he neatly rip out the page and screw it up . int . colette and willy 's apartment - willy 's study — nigh@ &8 in a pool of gaslight , willy and Colette be seat at the desk . willy be go through he note . willy ..- example , '' it 's a lovely spring morning , '' live it up . how about : ( grand gesture ) '' perhaps it 's the season . it 's too fine - almost disgracefully fine . '' she scribbles it down . willy ( cont ’d ) and page 29 - that scene with luce . ( he find it ) I have add : '' she brushes up against I suggestively , she blue eye half close and she mouth half - open . '' colette that 's quite louche . willy louche sell , my dear . trust I - all we need be a little more spice , a little less literature . I know what man want . and so do the publisher . Colette ponder this for a moment - not completely satisfied . colette and you really think they 's 1l take it ? willy yes ! ollendorff will go nut for it . colette ( ironically ) as you do on first read . 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 75a colette - final shoot script 44 , willy well never mind about that now . we have get to work work work ... music come up and continue through the following montage : int . printer - day 69 the press be roll , pump out copy of the novel . ext . printer 's courtyard - day 70 crates of the book be be load onto a horse - drawn wagon . omitted 71 ext . book shop window 72 a shop clerk build the claudine book onto a pyramid - shape display . behind be a sign : '' claudine at school , by willy . '' int . madame do caillavet 's salon — day 73 rachilde ( the journalist ) be read she own review out loud to a crowd that include willy . rachilde " , .. claudine be a young girl froma small village , yet , she be all of we . feisty , opinionate , selfish and sensual , she astound we with she moxie , she desire and she crime ! the crowd let 's out a '' oooo . '' int . book shop - day 74 a cousin bette-type old maid be in line with the book . in front of she , two school girl have purchase a copy . ext . bois do boulogne park - day 75 a young nanny be read the book , ignore the crying baby in the perambulator beside she . ext . convent - day 75 a a nun have abandon she holy book to read claudine . 76 77 78 colette - final shoot script 45 . int . colette family house - kitchen - day 76 Jules watch , as sido open a package revealing the book . jule look at that ! sido ( critically ) yes , look at it ... int . salon — day 77 rachilde continue read she rave review - to willy . rachilde '' it take a extraordinary man to define this modern young woman . willy , you book will change the world .. " ( she raise a glass ) to claudine ! salon -goer to claudine ! schwob and Colette watch from a corner . schwob all Paris be say you husband be a genius . colette and what do you say ? schwob he be , if that book be anything to go by . Colette smile , indicate willy with she eye . colette look at he . I have not see he as happy for a long time . in the center of the room willy be up on some friend shoulder , uncork champagne . Colette give schwob a tight lipped smile . something be rankling she but she will not confess it - yet ! music end . int . publishing house - office - day 78 willy and ollendorff , the publisher , be finish up a meeting in ollendorff 's double high book -line office . 79 colette - final shoot script ollendorff well , we have never have one fly off the shelf like this before . quite a phenomenon . everyone 's talk about it . and you know who 's buy it ? Young woman ! willy 46 . really , I think ... that 's interesting . ollendorff we have also be have enquiry about theatrical rights . any thought ? willy of course , the theatre be the next logical step ! with as large a stage as possible ! ollendorff it 's the theatre - go public which will make you rich , willy . willy make we all rich , my dear ollendorff . they laugh as they leave the room . ext . publishing house Colette be wait by a carriage outside . she and ollendorff come down the stair , talk but can not quite make out what they be say . willy so what size be you think of ..? ollendorff perhaps - 20,000 unit or 25,000 somewhere in that ballpark . I be wait to see what the pre-order be like back from the seller . willy and what kind of return would that yield ? ollendorff well , we be calculate about 3 francs a unit profit - so , yes - it 's a tidy sum . 79 see willy business , the man push through the double door and be now fully audible . colette - final shoot script 47 . ollendorff ( cont 'd ) mme . willy , a great honor . colette a pleasure to meet you . willy listen ! claudine at School be head for she third printing . colette excellent . ollendorff I believe that willy base '' claudine '' in part on you school day ? colette yes , I believe I have a little something to contribute . ollendorff chuckle . willy 's smile be stretch thin . ollendorff well , I be very glad you experience have borne such wonderful fruit . very nice to meet you , Madame . 80 ext . publisher - day 80 willy climb in next to Colette . willy Gare de lyon . colette where be we go ? willy you will find out . 81 int . carriage - moving - minute later 81 willy be uncharacteristically quiet . colette be something wrong ? willy what do you think be wrong ? colette what . .? colette - final shoot script 48 . willy finally ... finally we have a success . and then you imply that I be not the true author of it . colette I do not ... most book be '' base on '' something . willy listen , we be hold dynamite here . we have create something very powerful . but if it go off at the wrong time it will blow we bloody head off . colette it be only ollendorff . he 's you publisher , willy . willy schwob also say something . colette schwob 's part of the factory . willy people love to talk . they 'il praise you to you face , but as soon as you turn around ... tch ! the knife be in you back . you do not know the mentality here . I do . colette I know it well enough to write a book that 's the toast of Paris . willy shout it to the street then . tell people . Roll up for the massacre ... Colette sigh , willy really be quite upset . the matter seem to cut to the core of he identity . willy ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . perhaps I overreact ... anyway , I have a surprise for you . colette what be it ? colette - final shoot script 49 , willy then it would not be a surprise ... we be go to the country . Colette smile , put she head on he shoulder . colette good . this city be drive I mad . 82 ext . forest — day 82 Colette and willy walk through tree , hold hand . willy what 's that one ? colette lime . willy and that one ? colette Douglas fir. willy and that one ? colette chestnut ... a weep chestnut . willy I do not know why you love nature so much . animal be vile to each other . colette animal be honest at least . they never lie . willy well yes , my dear , that be because they can not speak . they come out of the tree into a clear . there be a small lawn in front of a neoclassical country home . willy ( cont ’d ) look at that ! colette yes , it 's somebody 's house . 83 colette - final shoot script 50 . willy wonder who life there . colette it 's beautiful . willy I be thirsty . let 's see if they will stand we a drink . he march towards the house . she follow . colette willy , they might shoot at we ! ext . country house - day 83 willy and Colette stand at the door . he knock and ring a bell . he wait a moment then ring again . colette wait ... they might be upstairs . willy or deaf ... they have be deafen by all the country silence . colette shhh ... I think I hear something . willy give I a kiss . willy be on good form and charming Colette . she kiss he , aware too that the door might open . colette someone might come . willy good ... he try the door , it 's lock . kiss she again . willy ( cont ’d ) put you hand in my pocket . there 's something there for you . colette willy ! he lead she hand downward . slightly puzzle , Colette reach into willy 's pocket and retrieve ... a key ! 84 colette - final shoot script willy allow I . 51 . willy take the key , put it in the lock and turn it . the lock spring open . int . country house - day 84 they enter the formerly - grand old house - still beautiful but dilapidate . the room glow luminous in the last of the sun . willy what do you think ? colette ...- whose house be it ? willy for you , my love , my heart . lest Paris drive you mad . colette what ? willy it 's yours . you be always talk about miss the countryside . willy kiss the key and give it to Colette he and then again at the house . colette willy , I can not believe it . willy somewhere for you to write . and be Colette hug he lovingly , then break off . colette so ... where do you get the money ? willy I get a advance from ollendorff . 25,000 francs . colette for what ? willy for the next book . '' claudine in Paris . '' who stare at alone . 85 85a 86 88 colette - final shoot script 52 . colette what ?! I can not do another claudine . willy just write about we ! we life ! we friend ! Change the name . create gossip ! colette willy ... willy we will talk about the detail later . ( he look up at the house ) so ... do you like it ? Colette take in the house 's impressive dimension . colette it 's indescribable . willy no such word . a good writer should be able to describe anything no matter what . int . country house — live room — day 85 Inside , worker be scraping the paint off the live room floor . the room be unfurnish with peel wallpaper . int . country house 85a two worker carry in a sofa . Colette follow carry a chair . ext . country house - garden - day 86 Colette dig a wild patch of garden . she be sweaty and cover in earth but hugely exhaust and content . she plant carrot , turnip and sweet pea shoot below they stick . in the background , we see the hoop of a outdoor gym . int . country house — live room — day 88 Colette watch from the window as a carriage pull into the driveway . the floor be now polished , the wallpaper redone , the place fully furnish . 89 colette - final shoot script 53 . int . live room - minute later 89 willy this be it ? you total output for all this week ? willy stand , hold a few manuscript page . colette I have to do the house - all the repair . the painting , the tiling ... pruning the rose . willy bugger the rose . we have a deadline . colette it 's actually harder to write out here ... alone . and I do not want to write another claudine . willy be you out of you mind ? claudine be a franchise ! do you realize how rare this moment be ? when people be begging for more ? come . he walk she through the house and up the stair . willy ( cont ’d ) what would the headmaster do if claudine have not do she homework ? colette willy . do not be silly . willy ( serious ) what would he do ? colette ( sarcastic ) make she do line ? put she over he knee and tan she hide ? willy correct . he arrive at the door of the study and stand expectantly at the door jamb as she walk past he into the study . colette I ' 1l start tomorrow . 90 91 colette - final shoot script 54 . but willy close the door and turn the key in the lock . colette ( cont ’d ) no ! willy ! willy write ! colette willy !! willy you will do as I say ! I will return in four hour and I expect to see page . he pocket the key and go off . int . study - continuous 90 frustrate , she try the door handle . it 's lock . colette willy !! this be not funny . she bang on the door , anger building . colette ( cont ’d ) let I out !! ( kick the door . ) bastard ...absolute ... arrogant bastard ! i’1l write the bloody book ! and I ‘’11 tell they it be I ! I ! I who write it ! bastard ! I ' 11 tell they ! claudine be mine ! mine ! she stand back breathe hard . then turn with a look of resignation to the write desk . moment later she sit for a moment , still smart from the exchange , dip she pen in the ink and write '' claudine in Paris . '' ext . book shop window - day 91 Close on a book - claudine in paris it be reveal as part of a huge shop display . a large sign announce '' the latest novel from willy . '' in front of it be a large pyramid of book . music end 92 colette - final shoot script 55 . ext . bois do boulogne - day 92 a beautiful day , parisian be promenade and riding bicycle and velocipede in the open air . Colette and willy be pedale a tandem . she 's at the front , put in most of the leg work , he , true to form , be take it easy at the back . under the tree , a cafe have be set up with delicate fold chair and small round table . a few dozen society type be enjoy tea and cake . deposit they tandem by a tree . Colette and willy approach . there be a feel that all eye be on they . walk through the table they go past a beautiful red-headed heiress , name georgie raoul duval . she be take tea with she companion , a pretty young girl name lily . lily ( whisper ) Colette and willy be here ! georgie so they be . do not stare . across the patio , Colette and willy be seat by a waiter . georgie take out a small card and scribbles a note . georgie ( cont 'd ) go take this to they . moment later post-exercise the couple be eat cake . colette mmmm . it 's good . willy indeed . he look round . willy ( cont ’d ) how many people here do you think be read claudine in Paris - right now ? colette I do not know . colette - final shoot script 56 . willy at least three quarter , I would say . and that who have not yet will soon catch up . he notice lily weaving through the table towards they . willy ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) what come this way ? lily M. willy , mme. Colette , I have a note for you .... from Mrs. raoul duval . clearly a little starstruck , she hand willy the note and he survey it . willy ( remember ) Mrs. raoul duval . georgie raoul duval ? lily yes . willy oh ... wonderful !.. please go tell you mistress we accept she invitation and look forward to she delightful company . lily ( thrilled ) I will ! and off she go . colette who be she ? willy ( under he breath ) ..- a american - a wayward debutante from Louisiana ... she marry a munition magnate three time she age . colette they sound a bit dull . willy he be . she be anything but . ( glance at she ) we do not have to ... 93 colette - final shoot script 57 . colette no. let 's go ... int . cafe noir - evening 93 in the high ceiling cafe , we follow a waiter who drop a bill off at a table where georgie and Colette be in fit of hysterics - the kind of laughter sustained by the seriously drunk and flirtatious . willy be provide the after-dinner entertainment . lily sit by they , awed at get to spend time with such celebrity , autograph book at the ready . georgie ( almost cry with laughter ) that 's so funny . do he really say that ? colette oh yes - he would . he be such a colossal snob . willy then mme de caillavet happen to mention that he be only a baron and not a marquise . '' allow I , he say '' I be also Duke of anjou , Bishop of coutance , Prince of joinville , of asturias , of orléan and the dune . but all that be not of the slight importance ... ( with perfect timing ) ..- here . '' everyone howl with laughter . a stray curl of she hair fall down over georgie 's face . colette wait a moment . Colette take the lock and try to pat it back into place . a moment of electricity pass between the two . willy watch fascinate . colette ( cont ’d ) hold still . that 's it . she take she hand away . the disobedient lock immediately fall back down . the woman lose it . the waiter come back by the table . willy ( pay the bill ) here you be . colette - final shoot script 58 . waiter thank you , monsieur willy . georgie be the evening over already ? I can not bear it ... ( turn to she assistant ) lily , go tell the coachman to ready the carriage . lily of course ... lily do not get up though . georgie well ..? lily I be sorry ma ’am but ... ( thrust a autograph book forward ) M. willy , may I have you autograph ..? willy of course ! my pleasure . i’1l even do you a doodle . of I . lily oh thank you ! he hand it back . georgie look impatient . lily ( cont 'd ) and yours too Madame Colette . georgie oh come now ... colette not at all . Spirit should always be reward . she return the book to lily who positively vibrate with excitement . willy good night , my dear . lily good night ! she hurry off . colette - final shoot script 59 . georgie well ... I live at 74 rue goethe . if you have like to stop by for at nightcap ... the question hang in the air . willy thank you so much . but I feel like I will retire this evening . georgie be you sure now ? colette willy ... willy we will play again soon , my dear . georgie yes ... I hope so . before my bore of a husband return . well adieu ! and she 's go . willy weigh this . colette you do not want to go ? willy the invitation be clearly for you . this really land for Colette . colette ++. should I ? willy yes , of course . colette you do not mind ? willy I would be a hypocrite if I do , would not I ? Colette consider this . willy ( cont ’d ) if it 's any comfort to you , I will be at home lie in bed , think of the two of you in the fondest way possible . 94 95 colette - final shoot script 60 . int . georgie 's build - staircase - night 94 Colette slowly ascend the dark staircase . hiding she nervousness and she excitement . she knock on the door . after a moment 's wait georgie answer . georgie come in . int . georgie 's apartment - night 95 georgie 's apartment , naturally , be very stylish . colette what a nice place . georgie thank you . this be my little pie - a- tere . Frederick be not so keen on the Art nouveau piece . but I love nature ... and woman . Colette look at a painting of nymph bathing . colette I can see that . georgie I remember in claudine at School when the girl go swim together at night ... colette night be the best time to swim . georgie when I be a girl , I be tell all the lake in Louisiana have alligator . so I never go for a midnight swim but I regret it ... georgie look down then raise she eye towards Colette . colette when you raise you eyelid , it 's as if you be take off all my clothes . georgie look down , blush . colette ( cont ’d ) do not look away . look at I . look at I look at you . she do . it 's electric . Colette slowly move in and kiss she for a long hot moment . colette - final shoot script 61 . georgie you have the most beautiful tooth . she indicate Colette 's slightly angle front canine . colette like a alligator . they smile and kiss again . 96 int . colette and willy 's apartment - morning 96 willy be peruse the morning mail . he hear the sound of Colette enter and , affect nonchalance , carry on read . Colette enter , also act cool . willy my dear ... colette have you feed Toby Chien ? willy I forget . I think matilde do it . she head down the hallway towards the kitchen . he stop she with a question . willy ( cont ’d ) how be last night ? colette it be .. interesting . willy what happen ? colette what do you think happen ? willy ah ... well do not tell I . I ' 11 wait to read about it . when claudine develop tender feeling towards a lady friend . Colette roll she eye . colette I will not be write it down . willy but you must ... it 's prime material ! 97 97a colette - final shoot script 62 . colette no ! she head out . willy will you see she again ? colette ( call out ) probably . willy be somewhat unsettle by he wife 's casualness and ... independence . int . georgie 's apartment - day 97 as georgie be finish up she morning toilet , there 's the ring of a doorbell . georgie ( murmur ) one moment , my darling . she hastily wrap herself in a gown and make she way through the apartment . as she open the door she be take a back to see the bald pate of monsieur willy . georgie ( cont 'd ) oh. willy wonderful , you be here .. I be just pass by ... georgie yes ... he continue to stare at she . she flush slightly . willy well - georgie you would better come in . int . colette and willy 's apartment - entrance room - 97a late afternoon Colette be work away in she small room . the front door go and willy come in . 98 99 100 101 102 103 colette - final shoot script 63. willy how 's the write go ? colette slow ...painful ... how be you meeting with the bank ? willy good ... yes , it be good . I will not bore you with the detail . he head off . she continue write . ext . georgie 's STREET - afternoon 98 music come up . a carriage pull up outside the beautiful residence . Colette get out and survey it . int . georgie 's build - staircase - day 99 Colette approach the door and knock . colette be she in ? lily yes , please come in . lily leave as Colette enter . Inside , Colette turn towards georgie 's bedroom . lily ( cont 'd ) she 's expect you . lily give Colette a smile and leave discreetly . ext . georgie 's STREET - evening 100 a carriage pull up - but this time it 's willy who get out . int . georgie 's build - staircase - evening 101 willy approach the door . georgie open it . he take off he top hat and hand it to she as he go in . int . georgie 's apartment - day 102 Colette and georgie make mad passionate love . int georgie 's apartment - evening 103 now georgie be make love to willy - with equal fervor . 103a 103 b 104 105 106 colette - final shoot script 64 . int . georgie 's apartment - night 103a Colette and georgie ;s passion continue to heat up ... int . georgie 's apartment - afternoon 103b georgie and willy come to climax . ext . georgie 's STREET - afternoon 104 Colette walk down the street look up at the apartment . someone who look suspiciously like willy be at the window . int . georgie 's build - staircase - afternoon 105 Colette march up the stair , ring the bell . colette georgie ! I know you be in there . still no answer . Colette knock hard on the door . colette ( cont ’d ) georgie . open up ! more loud knock . eventually georgie answer in a nightgown . georgie Colette , I be take a nap . Colette push past she . colette who 's be in here ? georgie no one . what be you do ? Colette look to the bedroom where tell - tale cigar smoke hang in layer . int . country house - study - day 106 Colette be write at she desk . colette ( v.o. ) Blue cigar smoke fete the air ... ( she pause , cross out , then continue ) I march in and look straight in the face of the renaud . he recoile , say , '' it be wick of I . I be sorry . '' 107 colette - final shoot script 65 . Colette look at the statue of willy on she desk , wistfully . colette ( v.o. ) rezi be there , of course she be there - cover herself up ... int . country house - study - night 107 Colette and willy 's voice merge as the story transfer over . willy ..- I shall always remember she lily white face decompose , as if it be die right under my gaze . once again at the desk under the circle of light , willy be read aloud from the notebook , give he customary polish to the latest claudine . Colette sit quietly by as this chapter of they own life be read . but she have more confidence now - more poise . she be grow into herself . he set the book down . a moment 's think . willy ( cont ’d ) it 's good . colette I know . willy I would suggest you change the line when renaud say , '' it be wick of I to do it . '' but I know that you will not . colette ( pique ) what do you think renaud would say , in that circumstance ? willy hmmm ... something like , '' why ... we be wait for you , my dear . '' colette I do not think she would believe he . willy of course not . this be a sore point . colette - final shoot script 66 . willy ( cont ’d ) but do not you think she 's be hypocritical - I mean , it 's acceptable for claudine to sleep with rezi but she do not want renaud to do the same ? colette not behind she back , no . the betrayal come when renaud lie to she . renaud who swore he would always be honest . willy perhaps he want to tell she , but he be frighten of she terrible jealousy ? colette then he be a coward as well as a liar . willy you be very harsh on he . colette who else will be ? and renaud would never be jealous ? if for instance , claudine go off with .. a young man , for a change ? willy he would find that unacceptable . colette infidelity , for renaud be a matter of gender . willy it be ... ( clear he throat ) how long have you know ..? colette for a month or so . Colette have win this one . willy clear he throat . willy well I must say , I be impressed with the way you have handle yourself . the young claudine would have throw a fit . 108 109 colette - final shoot script 67 . colette I be plan on kill renaud off in the next one . willy no - you can not . please . colette ( quote willy ) '' the hand that hold the pen write history . '' willy shoot she a amused but slightly threaten look . willy renaud 's moral shading aside , the write be very good . quite a work of art . that little scratch you make on the paper - ( he indicate ) - very powerful . and it will have a powerful effect . everyone will immediately know whom it 's about , there will be a huge scandal , the book will spread like thistledow all over France . colette and M. willy will have yet another hot book on he hand . a uneasy truce have be declare . willy ( cont would ) you know what ? I be tempt to go back and put even more georgie into rezi . colette willy , we have to draw the line somewhere . willy why , my dear ? we marriage be already public domain . int . printing PRESS - day 108 music come up : the page of the new novel fly rapidly out of the machine . int . publishing house - day 109 ollendorff hand a brand new hardback copy of '' claudine en menage by willy '' to willy who nod approvingly . colette - final shoot script 68 . 110 int . georgie 's apartment - day 110 georgie pour a glass of brandy for Colette . she be clearly wound up but try to remain civilized . georgie my husband - he 's just ... pure rage . he be go to challenge willy to a duel ... colette what ? georgie I have put he off . hopefully it will not come to that . ( she look at Colette ) you have read it , yes ? colette I have . georgie how worried should I be ? georgie walk across to she with the drink . colette the name have all be change . it 's not blatantly obvious who be who ... georgie I do not believe you . everyone be chatter about it - say it will be salacious in the extreme . ( she clear she throat ) I know you have no time for I since we separation and I know I behave badly . but I be begging you ... ask willy to change it - before publication ? Colette slowly shake she head . georgie ( cont ’d ) please Colette ... one woman to another ? please ... colette no , I can not . georgie you have let I suffer ? 111 112 colette - final shoot script 69 . colette it 's not just willy , georgie , it 's ... the book itself ... willy think it 's a work of art . georgie downs she drink and switch gear - no more tear , a hardness come to she eye . georgie you have you chance to be decent . so , it will be leave to my husband to settle it . ollendorff have agree to a lump sum for the destruction of the entire print run . colette what ? you can not do that . georgie he have already accept . colette the sly bastard . you can not . you just can not . georgie we have . and that be how it be . Colette finally snap . colette you be a duplicitous bitch . georgie I have a good teacher . Colette leave slamm the door . georgie look after she . ext . georgie 's apartment - day 111 Colette leave the house in a rage . ext . printer 's courtyard - day 112 a worker pour petrol on a bonfire of novel then throw he cigarette butt on it to ignite the pile . it burst into flame immediately . charre page rise with the heat . the worker take another crate and dump they on . colette - final shoot script 70 . 113 int . LA mascotte - evening 113 Colette and willy be with schwob in they favorite dining spot feast on oyster and champagne . there be a unexpected air of celebration . willy like a true french heroine , we daughter be burnt at the stake . colette I say it would be a '' hot book . '' willy the thing be though , ollendorff sign the deal but unfortunately fail to mention ... ( drum roll the table ... ) that he do not own the copyright . I do . schwob unbelievable ! willy all I have to do be trot round to another publisher and collect a second advance . the press be hard at it as we speak . schwob how do you two do it ? colette I think we get very lucky ... willy not at all ! that american tart and she senile lackey do not stand a chance . we be with the time ! the wind be under we wing ! and I have a little plan that will make claudine the most popular girl in France , if not the entire world . schwob with the play ? willy not just that . we ’1ll have claudine perfume , claudine lingerie , claudine soap . 114 colette - final shoot script 71 . colette she will literally be a household name . they all laugh . int . theatre — day - 1903 114 on a blackboard , in chalk be write '' claudine audition . '' a insipid actress be coo she way though the dialogue . insipid actress my name be claudine . I live in montigny . I be bear there in 1881 . I shall probably not die there ... Colette and willy be sit in the tenth row of the theatre . in front of they be the director and two financier . Colette , now in she late twenty , seem to have grow comfortable in she skin . willy , on the other hand , be show the tell - tale sign of a life too - well live . willy she 's not bad . colette she 's terrible . insipid actress montigny be a village , not a town : its street , thank heaven , be not paved ; the shower roll down they in little torrent that dry up in a couple hour ; it be a village , not even a very pretty village , but , all the same , I adore it . willy ( to Colette ) yes , you be right . ( shout ) thank you very much . next . a second actress come up on stage and start repeat the line . Colette notice the impressive hourglass silhouette of a woman in the rear doorway . the woman march down the aisle and plant herself in front of they . wearing a schoolgirl smock , she be vibrant , algerian , with bobbe hair and a tiny waist . this be polaire . colette - final shoot script 72 . polaire M. willy . I be the real claudine ! Colette and willy exchange a intrigue look . willy and you be ? polaire I ? my name be ... polaire ! 115 int . colette and willy 's apartment - live room - day 115 Colette and willy sit , examine photograph of polaire . willy polaire ! polaire ! daughter of the desert . look at she ! look at she ! she know the role instinctively . colette she talk about the book as though it be a religion . willy a '' sister of perpetual claudine . '' colette it 's interesting . she 's start to copy little gesture and mannerism that I do . willy yes ... colette do you think I could act ? willy you ? no . it would be a criminal waste . colette waste of what ? willy shrug , dismiss the think . he pick up a photo and examine it closer . willy ( cont would ) that bobbe hair ... I have never see anything like it . have you ? colette ( suspicious ) I always imagine claudine have long hair . colette - final shoot script 73 . willy that be the 19th century claudine ... this be now . he hold the picture up beside she . willy ( cont ’d ) would look good on you , actually . very fetching . colette no. willy , I could not . willy it would make you look young . colette really ? willy you be turn thirty soon - what better time to turn the clock ... colette thank you ... but I have always have my hair ... sido would kill I . willy just think of it ... you and polaire - the claudine twin ! colette what !? willy it will be a goldmine of publicity . all Paris will be atwitter . colette no! never ... in a thousand year . 116 int . hair salon — day 116 scissor hack through thick long tresses . a hairdresser show Colette she new bob in a mirror that reflect the back . Colette give a prim , uptight nod . 117 int . colette and willy 's apartment - live room — evening & g7 Colette enter the room shorn . the haircut look awkward - it have not quite settle in yet . willy look up from he newspaper and stare at she amaze . colette - final shoot script 74 . willy my word ! where have you go ? colette willy , I hate it . willy circle he strange new wife . willy no ... I like it very much . colette it 's absurd . my head look too big for my body . willy it will just take a bit of get use to ... Colette go to a mirror . colette oh — what do I do ? Colette cover she face with she hand . she start to hyperventilate , hold back sob . colette ( cont ’d ) she butcher I . I look ten year older . you make I do this . willy oh come now , you go along with it ... you always do . unexpectedly , she fly at he . he hold she arm away from he chest . as they struggle - colette you bastard ! look at I ... and all for you damned publicity ? willy gabrielle ! colette you crowd -pleaser ! you cheap bastard !! you shit ! she start beat on he chest . and keep go ... until she be exhaust and break into tear . 118 119 120 colette - final shoot script 75 . ext . theater - night 118 a poster announce '' claudine in paris — tonight '' as crowd make they way in . int . theater - night 119 start on the back of Colette 's head , now look super - chic with the new haircut , we follow Colette and willy as they take they seat in a private box for the open night of " claudine . " next to they be salonite and she husband . salonite Colette , you look ravish . she smile . the house light dim , the orchestra strike up and the curtain go up . polaire make a exuberant entrance . polaire my name be claudine . I live in montigny ... Colette 's eye shine as she heroine become flesh . polaire ( cont ’d ) .-. I be bear there in 1881 . I shall probably not die there . montigny be a village , not a town : its street , thank heaven , be not paved ; the shower roll down they in little torrent that dry up in a couple hour ; it be a village , not even a very pretty village , but , all the same , I adore it . int . LA mascotte restaurant / salon - later 120 a air of celebration - champagne and music . at the far end of the room be willy , sit on a throne , hold court with Colette and schwob by he . willy I think of all my novel , this be the one that would translate to theatre . mme . do caillavet I have to give it to you , willy . it 's go to be a huge success - enjoy you moment of triumph . colette - final shoot script 76 . veber now that you be such a celebrity , you 'il become more insufferable than ever . willy that 's the plan , veber ! that 's the plan ! willy continue to hold forth . someone who appear to be a dapper gentleman dress as napoleon approach Colette . this , we will find out momentarily , be a woman call missy . schwob can you believe this crowd ? everyone 's here ! look there 's the marquise de belbeuf ... or missy , as she 's know . colette a woman ? schwob descend from Empress josephine on one side , the Tsar of Russia on the other - she only show up for very special occasion . colette fascinating . the moment be interrupt by a hubbub . Colette look around the corner where polaire be make she entrance carry aloft on a litter by four muscular guy . she be shower with praise and flower . willy polaire ! over here ! polaire monsieur willy ! she be deposit before ... polaire ( cont ’d ) how be it ? willy brilliant , my dear ! you be perfection ! polaire thank you , M. willy ! Colette ? 121 122 colette - final shoot script 77 . she look to Colette who raise she glass . colette you be she . the live claudine . polaire be so excited she physically vibrate . willy polaire , alight upon my knee ... he pat he knee and she sit . willy ( cont ’d ) and you tetette ! he grab she by the hand . colette willy ! willy come here ! she acquiesce and land on he other knee . willy be now frame by two '' claudine '' with perfect bobbe hair . he wave to a photographer . willy ( cont ’d ) here we have the claudine trinity . the father ... ( he indicate himself ) the mother ... ( he indicate Colette ) and the daughter ... ( polaire ) photographer hold still ! a magnesium flash go off , freezing the picture . music come up . a montage show willy 's highly innovative exploitation of the claudine phenomenon . int . photo session - day 121 camera flash capture Colette , willy and polaire ina series of pose . Colette play it coy - kneel at he foot , bat she eye at he , sketching he . she have certainly adopt the claudine persona full tilt . intercut with ... newspaper headline 122 '' claudine sensation '' '' menage a trois '' '' vive claudine '' 123 124 124a 124b 124c 125 126 126a 126b 127 127a 127b colette - final shoot script 78 . close on poster 123 it say '' do not go and see claudine in paris - it 's immoral . '' magazine headline 124 '' the year of claudine ! '' int . STREET - day 124a a middle aged man read a newspaper with the headline menage a trois . int . shelf / magazine rack 124b Pan along several claudine magazine - end on one that say vive claudine . int . bathroom 124c a young woman pick a bottle of claudine perfume and apply a few squirt . int . hair salon — day 125 a number of women , include a couple of salonite , get they hair bobbe to look like claudine . omitted 126 int . shelf / beauty parlor 126a a shelf full of jar sell claudine face cream . int . bois do boulogne park - day 126 b a line of women fan themselves with claudine fan . ext . shop window - day 127 school girl gaze at mannequin — all dress " a la claudine . " ext . courtyard - day 127a a rough handsome worker take a claudine cigarette from the packet with he mouth and light it . int . shelf / confectioner 127b box of claudine candy fill the self . 127c 127d 128 128a 128b 129 129a 129b 130 colette - final shoot script 79 . ext . bois do boulogne - day 127 c a young businessman read a paper that say claudine sensation while a young woman read a magazine that say le secret do claudine . ext . STREET 127d Children eat claudine candy . int . boudoir - day 128 a young woman dress in claudine lingerie . int . bedroom - day 128a a young dandy slick he hair with claudine hair oil . int . bathroom 128 b a woman reach out to pick up a bar of claudine soap . ext . courtyard 129 a bundle of newspaper land with the headline '' epoch do claudine . '' int . bedroom 129a two young girl play with claudine doll . ext . bois do boulogne - day 129 b a group of young lad trade claudine postcard . int . LA mascotte / salon - dine room - night 130 ... the assemble ( include veber , schwob , polaire ) bang rhythmically on the table with glass , cutlery , and fist as willy stand at the head of a large table improvise a poem . missy sit far down the table near Colette 's end with a suffragette friend . willy claudine , she be a Midas minx . her smile mysterious as a sphinx . she walk and talk , she laugh - she think ! claudine , claudine , claudine ... he start to move to the rhythm , sway from side to side . willy ( cont ’d ) claudine 's a girl that know no bound . a fox that 's never catch by hound . ( more ) colette - final shoot script 80 . willy ( cont 'd ) explode star that make no sound ! claudine , claudine , claudine ! willy beckon a few young women up from the table and they link arm form a impromptu can - can line . the rhythm speed up and intensify ... willy ( cont ’d ) who be this girl in my heart ? ( all : claudine ! ) who have be there from the start ? ( all : claudine ! ) and who be a bit of a tart ? ( all : claudine ) claudine ! claudine ! claudine ! the merriment in the room be sky high . willy ( cont ’d ) who be the one I admire ? ( all : claudine ) who be the queen of desire ? ( all : claudine ) and who have set Paris on fire ? ( all : claudine ) claudine ! claudine ! claudine ! the marquise scribbles something on a card and pass it to Colette via she friend and then wague . Colette look at the card . it have the family coat of arm and say , '' let 's meet . '' willy ( cont ’d ) who 's wear a school girl 's smock ? ( claudine ) who 's cause a hell of a shock ? ( claudine ) who work it all round the clock ? ( claudine ) claudine ! claudine ! claudine ! he raise he hand , slightly out of breath , to quiet the bang , for a more personal last verse that he deliver straight to Colette . willy ( cont ’d ) and in a dream , I find myself , next to claudine , and she magical eye , forgetting all other music for the laughter of she voice ... he raise he glass . everyone follow . 131 132 133 colette - final shoot script 81 . willy ( cont ’d ) to claudine ! all claudine ! ! Colette and willy 's eye connect , share a moment of triumph . int . colette and willy 's apartment - bedroom - night 131 Colette and willy enter laugh , giddy with champagne , and turn on the light . the apartment have be considerably upgrade colette I be exhaust . willy I too . there 's more step everyday . but what a night ! we have Paris in the palm of we hand . they laugh . then Colette switch on the light and notice something - a claudine dress laid out on the bed . colette willy ..? willy my dear . I wonder if tonight you would ... ( he indicate the dress ) it would help I . they look at each other , the bed - and the dress - between they . int . boudoir - night 132 Colette put on the dress and look at herself uneasily in the mirror . int . bedroom - night 133 she re-enter the dimly - light room . willy wait in bed . Colette walk across the room and stand in front of he . willy my love . still seat , he pull she into he , nuzzling into she bosom . 134 135 136 colette - final shoot script 82 . willy ( cont ’d ) oh yes , my love ... my claudine . Colette stare ahead into the blackness with a mixture of sadness , tenderness , confusion and pity . ext . rue jacob - day - 1904 134 a hot day in Paris . heat rise up , make the street look like it be in a impressionist painting . a young woman in a claudine outfit , head towards the apartment . it 's a similar view to scene 38 when Colette walk towards the house , but now , there be motor car mix in with the horse draw carriage . int . colette and willy 's apartment —- staircase -— day 135 the young woman ascend the stair . another young woman , dress a la claudine , be go down the other way . int . colette and willy 's apartment - live room - day 136 the gramophone be play . Colette be have cheese and wine with a friend - wague , the mime artist from the salon . colette here try this soumaintrain . ( he take a slice ) it remind I of Saint sauveur . wague oh yes , delicious . colette when be you go on tour ? wague a few week . some real flea pit too . it will be hell .. again . colette why do you do it then ? the front door bell go off . wague I be addict . I love every single dive and wastrel . you should come with we . colette I can not do cantomime . colette - final shoot script 83 . wague this be not cantomime this be a new kind of pantomime . pure action - the right gesture be worth a thousand word . this register with Colette . the bell ring again . she look towards willy 's office to see a seat figure on the phone . ( this be paul heon whom we will soon meet . ) colette Excuse I . background dialogue heon willy gauthier villar residence ... he 's busy right now can I take a message ?... yes ...yes ... would you like to make a appointment ?... how about next Tuesday ?.. he maybe have some time the follow Thursday ... you can not make that either ... yes , the Wednesday after be clear ... I 'il put you down for half a hour ... what 's you name ? how do you spell that ? good. look forward to see you a week on Wednesday ... i’1l tell he . .. Goodbye . 137 int . colette and willy apartment - day 137 Colette go to answer the door and there stand a 23 year - old young woman do up a la claudine . this be meg . colette yes ? meg be monsieur willy at home ? I be hope he could sign my book . colette follow I . Colette walk into the live room and call . colette ( cont ’d ) héon ! another one . outside willy 's office the newly appoint afro-caribbean secretary , paul heon , hang up the phone . 138 colette - final shoot script 84 . heon this way please . meg walk towards willy 's Office . heon ( cont 'd ) go right in ... int . willy 's study - day 138 the door be ajar . the girl stick she head in . meg monsieur willy ...? he look up from he desk . willy I be he . meg hello , I be wonder if you would sign this . she produce a copy of " claudine at School . " meg ( cont 'd ) it 's my favorite book . willy thank you . to whom shall I inscribe it ? meg my name be meg ... I be the real claudine . willy look up at she , attract by she youth and beauty . willy where be you from ? meg ( drop she '' claudine '' voice ) I be from London . willy wonderful ! and how old be you ? meg I be older than I look actually . I be twenty three . 139 colette - final shoot script 85 . willy oh , well , I be young than I look - I be forty six . meg ( resume claudine voice ) I do not mind . he hand the book back . willy well here you be ... meg thank you , this will be my prize possession . and that be mme . Colette I meet at the door ? willy it would be strange if it be not . meg she 's so beautiful - she eye ! so much depth - and maturity . she give willy a know smile . ext . bois do boulogne - day 139 in a quiet lane away from the crowd , Colette and missy walk Toby Chien . the marquise be very affable but also a little reserve - like a polite gentleman of the day . colette look lily ... missy yes , calla palustris . colette there 's not many people in Paris who would know they proper name . missy my maternal grandfather be a botanist . he be always away - collect sample down in the tropic . colette my maternal grandfather spend time in the tropic too . he be a quadroon . colette - final shoot script 86 . missy really ? colette yes , from martinique . missy raise a approve eyebrow . missy wonderful . two young woman walk by dress as claudine , giggle . missy ( cont ’d ) congratulation , by the way . it seem that claudine be everywhere this day . colette yes ... there 's even be a claudine murderess - in marseille . she slit she husband 's throat . missy good for she . Colette can not help but smile . missy ( cont ’d ) but seriously , you have do something important . you have invent a type . colette you mean willy have . missy I mean you have . all the young girl between girlhood and womanhood - you give they a voice . Colette say nothing . a force of personality be break through missy 's reserve ... missy ( cont ’d ) you should own up to it . colette someone tell you ? 139 a 140 141 colette - final shoot script 87 . missy do not need to be tell . meeting you be enough . you be a force of nature . colette it 's true I ... I write they . it 's just ... missy I know ... it 's a man 's world . they exchange a look . ahead of they be a more populate thoroughfare . they hover for a moment , in the shade of the last tree , cherish they improvise privacy . Colette kiss she finger and place they on missy 's lip as a carriage go rattling past . int . colette and willy 's apartment - day 139a Colette be compose a note at she small write desk . colette ( v.o. ) I hope the path we walk today be merely the beginning ... I see you face , missy .. strong , vulnerable . I have never meet anyone like you - polite yet direct , reserve yet brave - a true gentle man . I will think of you , if I may , as my chevalier . she smile to herself as she write - missy have really get to she . ext . country road - day 140 music come up . a aerial shot glide over the field , hedge and forest of the french countryside . a very early automobile be putt-putte down the road . willy be drive , with meg seat by he side . in the back , Colette sit next to missy . ext . colette 's country house - day 141 meg and missy be throw a ball for Toby Chien down the lawn . willy and Colette be leave alone on the veranda amidst the rubble of a picnic . 142 143 colette - final shoot script 88. willy meg 's a sweet thing , be not she ? she can be a little overeager , but there we be ... she remind I of you - ten year ago . colette nothing like . but she be very sweet . willy we do have a very modern marriage , do not we ? colette we do ... what do you think of missy ? willy she 's very pleasant . but she perplex I . word in we language be either masculine or feminine . there 's no word for missy . colette ( smile ) oh , I know one ... willy you seem content , for once . be not there something miss ? colette what do you mean ? int . country house - stair / colettex bedroom 142 Colette and missy run up the stair laugh , wild with passion . they round the door and start to kiss hotly . missy put she hand down Colette 's skirt and start to pleasure she . it 's a new level of erotic engagement for Colette . int . country house - study 143 next door , a different kind of scene . willy be wait expectantly on a chaise longue . a quiet knock on the door meg 's voice come from the outside ... meg ready . .? willy yes , I be ready . colette - final shoot script 89 . she shuffles out in a full claudine smock and stand simper at the foot of the bed . meg my name be claudine . I live in montigny . I be bear there in ... ( she calculate ) should I change the year ? willy no. keep it the same . meg I be bear in 1881 ... willy that 's right . meg I will probably not die there . 144 ext . country house - outdoor gymnasium - morning 144 Sunshine and bird song . by the weatherworn gym equipment , missy hold Colette 's foot as she do sit up on the horse . missy 48...49 ...50 . well do ... Colette finish breathe heavily . colette missy , you be marry once , be not you ? missy yes , it be awful ... we do not talk anymore , except through the auspices of lawyer . he 's embarrassed by I - if he be marry to I , what do that say about he ? colette it must have be very hard for you , I mean , to put on the trousers ..? missy no , it be entirely natural . I be a rather awkward child - if you can imagine I in pigtail and a dress . I never feel like I belong . then one day I try on my brother 's school uniform . ( more ) colette - final shoot script 90 . missy ( cont 'd ) and I know I be home for the first time ... of course , it 's far easier for I than for woman of no mean ... but I want to show that it can be do . I do imagine a time when all woman may wear trousers if that be they wish . Colette smile , reflect . missy ( cont ’d ) and you ? colette what about I ? missy well , I dress as a man ; willy dress you as a schoolgirl . colette ( ironically ) thank you . ( take a breath ) I do know what I be do , you know . I be in on the joke . missy I do not doubt it . but be you happy ? colette be anybody happy ? willy 's demand - yes , but he give I a lot of freedom . missy it 's a long leash he keep you on but a leash nevertheless ... perhaps you enjoy that . colette do you think that 's terribly wrong ? missy no . that 's entirely you business . but ... never mind . colette what ? colette - final shoot script 91 . missy well , I wonder if a time will come when you have to decide - be you claudine or be you Colette ? Colette absorb this and look away . 145 int . colette and willy 's build - staircase - day 145 Colette ascend the stair to she own apartment - wear a suit and trousers . 146 int . colette and willy 's apartment - day 146 she go through the apartment towards willy 's study . Paul héon be work at he desk by the door . colette hello héon . heon hello Colette . colette be he there ? heon yes . colette what kind of mood be he in ? heon the usual . but worse . 147 int . colette and willy 's apartment - willy 's study - day 147 willy be paw over a account ledger as she enter . colette Morning willy . willy my word . what be you wear ? colette they're missy 's . willy my dear , I be surprised you do not get arrest . or beat up . Colette shrug this off . colette - final shoot script 92 . colette willy ... I have be think . you know ' claudine take off 's - why do not we publish it under both we name ? willy out of the question . ollendorff will never agree . colette ollendorff or you ? willy my dear , do you want to the kill the goose that 's lay the golden claudine ? Colette be exasperate . colette but there 's little risk . claudine 's establish ... and many people , they know already ... or suspect ... surely . willy no one know . unless you have be crow about it to you lady man friend . colette do not insult missy . willy I think she be stripping you of you sense of humour ... and you common sense . colette that 's not fair willy . willy we can not risk it . especially not with we present finances . we be dead break . colette we be always break ! yet you gamble and fill this place with all you antique . willy they be buy from bankrupt at a debtor 's auction ! colette the car . the racehorse that go lame ? 148 colette - final shoot script 93. willy ..- and you ? you clothes , you hat , the exorbitant mortgage on the country house . colette ( adamant ) I want my name on the book . willy no no no . willy be a brand name . and the fact be , woman writer do not sell . Colette let out a gasp of frustration . colette bastard ! selfish , smug , fat , lazy bastard ! willy I will give you fat ... all the other description be libel . colette I need credit for my work ! my name on it ! willy utter nonsense ! if you be so concerned about that you never should have agree to it all . colette godammit willy ..! willy without the progenitor , there would be no claudine ! Colette take he pile of papers and throw they on the floor and march out . ext . paris street - day 148 the atmosphere be thick , humid , charge with electricity . Colette walk through the gloomy street , lose in she own thought . she feel small , disinherite , angry . she walk towards the seine and look out over the water . down by the quayside a young claudine be with she sweetheart , flirt and kissing . Colette look despondently at something she create but cannot own . fade to black . 149 150 colette - final shoot script 94 , int . ballet studio - day - 1906 149 the ivory of a piano be be hammer . a bohemian pianist be play a rhythmic Oriental piece . Light bounce around the studio , with its polished floor and huge mirror . four young dancers in leotard crawl on all four . wague , the renowned mime , be teach a class . the door open . Colette enter . watch the class in action . wague notice she presence , nod curtly , and continue . Colette start to take off she outer clothes , she wear a leotard underneath . half a hour later the dancer gather they thing . Colette enter now change into a leotard with she clothes ina bag . wague ready ? colette yes . wague let 's get to work . a short montage as wague demonstrate various motion that Colette diligently copy . int . colette and willy 's apartment - live room - day 150 willy be read a newspaper . Colette be in front of a mirror , with a sheet of chiffon drape around she , practice movement . matilde be on she knee clean the hearth . willy be you go to write today ? colette no . I be rehearse with wague later . willy do not you think you ought to ? what be you priority ? ( he look at she , frustrated ) I should start lock you up again . colette I would scream the house down . she carry on with the exercise , self - absorb . colette - final shoot script 95 . willy it 's a charming hobby , tetette but ... you be not Sarah bernhardt . and if you can not pull it off as high art you will be do the bloody music hall , for god 's sake . and that would be scandalous . colette and when have you ever consider scandal a bad thing ? willy true ... what do missy say ? colette he 's all for it . he come along to wague 's studio with I all the time . willy how depress . do she have no life of she own whatsoever ? colette missy do the movement with I . he 's rather good . willy nod - he 's have one of he famous ' big idea . 's colette ( cont ’d ) wague think I could be a ready for the stage in a few week . what do you think , matilde ? matilde I have to agree with M. willy , ma ’am . it 's not very lady - like . colette I think you be on my side ! matilde suit yourself . willy so you and the marquise run around the studio as potty mimetic lover do you ? ( Colette nod ) and missy share you ambition to go on the stage ? colette oh no , he 's far too shy . 151 152 colette - final shoot script 96 . int . restaurant - day 151 willy be pitching a theatre manager after a heavy lunch . willy it will be call '' the dream of Egypt . '' Paris will never have see anything like it . a scandalous sensation - star Madame Colette willy and ... ( drumroll on the table ) the marquise de belbeuf !!! in the common or garden music hall ! can you imagine ? it will be a full house . every night . theatre manager we do perfectly well with the can-can . willy I have see it half empty on a week night . theatre manager you can vouch for the marquise ? willy it 's in the bag . we can even put the belbeuf family crest on the poster . the press will go wild . you mark my word . theatre manager do you have backer ? willy I only need one . myself . theatre manager you be that confident ? that 's a lot of capital . willy bluff somewhat - in he eye , a slight worry . willy yes ... yes I be . ext . moulin rouge - evening 152 a theatrical poster on a column outside the moulin rouge announce the premiere of " dream of Egypt , " star mme. Colette willy and the mystery performer " yssim . " excite crowd gather outside the famous red windmill , anticipate a big night . 153 154 colette - final shoot script 97 . int . moulin rouge — the MAIN room 153 the place be fill up - rachilde , veber , schwob , Madame de caillavet with gaston and Jeanne and many salonite . on stage , stand a large , solitary sarcophagus . willy , accompany by meg , make he way to a table near the stage , greeting various folk . meg my God , there 's maurice ravel - and there 's Madame de caillavet ... all of we friend be here . willy yes , a lot of the Marquis 's friend be here too . he indicate a block -book of starchy - look aristocrat near the front . int . moulin rouge - half a hour later 154 the house light come down , precipitate a wave of wolf whistle and cat call . up on a balcony , a man dress as anubis strike a go . a SMALL orchestra strike up a moody Arabian theme . willy here we go . the curtain go up on a set resembling the interior of a egyptian tomb — hieroglyphics , statue etc . missy enter the stage woodenly , dress as a archeologist , read from a old book . the crowd roar . a shower of coin , orange peel and garlic clove rain on the stage . undaunted , missy find a cartouche on the sarcophagus and carefully brushes the dust off it . heckler get a move on , you dyke ! then , with great effort , missy open the lid of the sarcophagus . the light change . the orchestra ramp up . and something start to appear . in the crowd various people react : mme. de caillavet , sneering top -hatted gentlemen , veber , schwob , gaston de caillavet . willy watch intently , pick up on every murmur of the crowd . 155 colette - final shoot script 98 . emerging from the sarcophagus be Colette , cross -legge in a bejewel outfit inspire by salome . the audience gasp . rhythmic music kick in and Colette start to do a series of evocative movement . missy watch she in stagy wonder . some audience member be delighted , other appal . a posh heckler Degenerate ! get back to lesbos ! now the dance be really heating up . Colette come down from the pedestal and start to dance . missy join in , frame Colette 's gyration with she own eccentric movement . as the crowd start to boil over , willy 's eye be shine . at the climax of the dance , Colette fall into the marquise 's arm . they lip move closer and closer — a huge gasp come up from the house . then ... they kiss . the house explode . people be on they foot , yell and boo . a barrage of food and glass be throw onto the stage , smash around the embrace couple - even a footstool , which Colette narrowly dodge . the curtain fall . willy ( to meg ) it may be time to go ... but the rioting audience turn on they . another heckler cuckold ! cuckold !! a crowd of ruffian advance on willy and meg. willy brandish he cane , keep they off as he and meg make they way to the door . somebody grab meg 's hair and she punch he in the face . the whole auditorium be in a state of revolt . int . moulin rouge — back stage 155 anubis , now without he headdress , be talk to a reporter , whose attention be suddenly distract as Colette and missy exit they dress room . reporter Madame Colette , what be you impression of tonight ? 156 157 158 colette - final shoot script 99 . colette ( fire on all cylinder ) my nimpression ? 's I be disgust . this people who throw thing be coward - if I do not get a footstool in the face , it 's only because I dodge it . missy ( whisper ) let it go , colette. ( to reporter ) there be some gentleman there who come for a fight . we just have to ignore they and go on . reporter so you intend to continue ? missy colette no. yes ! colette ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) they do not scare I at all . look be I tremble ..? ( hold out she hand ) I will continue to pursue this because I be a artist and a free woman and if Paris will not have I -- so be it ! I will go elsewhere to make a live . ext . graveyard - saint - sauveur - day 156 in a country graveyard , a coffin be go into the ground . a country priest read the rite . the family be assemble for the funeral of jule colette . sido be clearly beside herself with grief . Colette be there - deep in grief , with willy who sneak a look at he watch . this do not go unnotice by sido . omitted 157 int . colette family house - colette 's bedroom - night 158 Colette unlace a boot and drop it on the floor . willy how be you bear up my love ? colette ..- I keep think I 'il see he in every room . but he 's go . colette - final shoot script 100 . willy he be a old soldier . a good solid man . colette he be ... " '' be '' ... Colette sigh , puzzle by death - exhaust . willy ( cont would ) I see we creditor yesterday . horrific . we lose everything at the moulin rouge . colette willy - not today . willy ( interrupt ) tetette , we need to sell the country house . Colette be bring up short . colette no . willy we have no choice . colette no . no , willy . you can not do that . willy morally , yes , I need you permission . but legally , well , the house be in my name ... colette I do not believe you . willy or we file for bankruptcy . what do you think ? she throw she other boot to the corner of the room . sit there , fume . 159 int . colette family home - kitchen - morning 159 through the window , willy walk around the garden , smoking . Colette bring a dirty plate up to sido at the kitchen sink . sido you need to divorce he , gabri , and quick . colette - final shoot script 101 . colette sido , do not ... please . sido you ask for a full audit of he account , and ... colette no ! sido you must face reality . the money . his infidelity . and he lie ! I never believe a word he say . not like missy - so kind and generous and honest . colette we should be think about papa . sido he 's dead . you be alive . willy 's a mess . a drinker . a gambler . he 's a break man , gabrielle . colette do not say that . she glance out to see willy in the garden . sido he will hold you back . colette but ... I still ... sido gabri , you have to use you gift . forget this '' pantomime '' ! please ! write something new - under you own name . colette I be go on tour , sido , with wague - for the next six month . the contract be be draw up . we be do a new piece ... sido oh no , gabrielle ! get out of it . you have to . colette I be go to do it . write 's a nightmare . ( more ) colette - final shoot script 102 . colette ( cont 'd ) all the hour I spend with he breathe down my neck - the turn of the key in the lock , the ache in my finger . I be do with it . willy appear -- immediately sense a atmosphere . willy what do I miss ..? both woman carry on with they kitchen duty without replying . willy ( cont ’d ) woman ...knive ... all very Greek . Colette avert she eye , unable to look at he . ext . french countryside - day 160 a aerial shot over field and hedge find a steam train speed along . ext . SMALL railway station - day - 1907 161 a train have pull in . amongst the disembark passenger be a troupe of music hall performers . we follow they down the platform : there be showgirl , acrobat , dog trainers , a magician . Colette and wague be with they , drag a trunk . ext . theater - montmarault - late afternoon 162 it be raining . the troupe walk to the stage door . outside the theater a poster announce the various act include mme. Colette willy and wague in '' flesh . '' omitted 163 omitted 164 int . dressing room - evening 165 Colette stare at herself in the dress table mirror with a kind of melancholy blankness . she be thirty - three year old now and she look tired . there 's a knock at the door . it 's wague . wague Colette - colette - final shoot script 103 . colette wague , I do not know if I be up to it today . I have not sleep a wink for the last two night . I have flea bite all over . I be exhaust ! wague we be all bloody exhaust ! she snort . wague ( cont ’d ) have you get any kohl I could borrow ? colette yes. catch . he look at she . wague you 'il survive . he exit . Colette turn back to the mirror and sigh . int . montmarault theater - night 166 with the scene set for a peasant 's cottage , Colette be flirt with a secret lover . the audience be not pay much attention - they be drink , talk , eat . wague , play Colette 's husband , discover they and have a fit of jealous rage ; he shove Colette around , smash dish and go to attack the lover . Colette plead and try to explain ( silently , of course ) , but wague 's rage just build . he go to attack the lover but Colette get in between they . wague grab she collar and tear it asunder revealing her breast . shock he prostrate himself on the stage as though strike by lightning . the audience be awestruck . Colette stand freeze in she pose as the piano restart . we see something in she expression -— the exhilaration that come with discover a new source of personal power . colette - final shoot script 104 . int . colette and willy 's apartment - willy 's study - day167 willy be look helplessly through a stack of bill . he look like he 's recover from a rough night . moment later , he be at he desk in front of a typewriter . he crack he knuckle and prepare to work . in front of he be the great blank page . he type '' what claudine did next . '' then , '' a novel by willy '' but nothing will come . the page remain blank . he stare at it with grow frustration . he type a letter , the word '' I . '' then dot . ..... I ... I ... then just scramble on the typewriter anything . hjidgjygebnfjh jhgiuyi8t/[108450io0df jnaf;knakgjhuyatuhrtka he stop . then ... ksjhdiuyrug jhabvdf jhqyt5 pquojbf 's auyt [ 085yioqhohhtuhwqout he type faster and faster and faster and start to bang the key - first with finger then with he fist so that he be likely to hurt himself . then he stop , breathes and almost at the point of tear , and look desperately at a picture of Colette on he desk . int . ollendorff publishing — day 168 willy walk slowly up the grand staircase . int . ollendorff’s office - day 169 the man be seat on either side of ollendorff ' 's wide desk , ignite cigar . willy tell I something ... the sole rights to the claudine , ollendorff ... what would you give I for they ? ollendorff be you serious ? all of they ? willy make I a offer . ollendorff how much be you think ? 170 colette - final shoot script 105 . willy let 's say 25,000 . in a few year - they 'il recoup ten time that . ollendorff possibly ... but I do not have that much . publish be a volatile business , willy ... willy ( interrupt ) how much then ? ollendorff ..- for the sole rights in perpetuity ? willy yes . ollendorff eye he , calculate . he take a small slip of paper and scribbles a number on it and pass it over the desk . willy look at it , dismay . int . a bar in strasbourg - night 170 a warm crowded table in a lively low- roofed cellar fill with life and music . Colette and baptiste , a vietnamese conjurer , be have a arm wrestle across a table . wague with a young flirt , a russian acrobat and some showgirl cheer Colette on . there be the feel of merriment , of circus . Colette almost lose then make a final mighty push to bring she opponent 's hand down . cheer from the assemble . colette do you let I win ? baptiste of course ! colette bastard ! that 's worst than lose ! acrobat ( to baptiste ) how about it ..? the acrobat offer he arm for a wrestle to the baptiste . baptiste no no . I have a great affection for my arm . colette - final shoot script 106 . laughter . across the room , missy enter at the main door . wearing a skirt . everyone missy ! missy ! missy expertly detach the skirt revealing trousers underneath . everybody cheer . colette hello , my love . missy I be sorry the train be wait for two hour at the gard du Nord . colette come here ... next to I . missy snuggle on to the bench by Colette . missy how be it tonight ? colette it be like every night . sheer terror and then bliss . missy the gang be in a good mood . baptiste hey missy , I be go to the bar do you want anything ?- missy order champagne . Three bottle . make it five . everyone cheer . a drunken showgirl , flossy , plant a kiss on Colette 's cheek . flossy santé , you beautiful gal . colette santé , flossy . you be the best . flossy you can give it and you can take it ... we love ya , do not we , moll ? colette - final shoot script 107 . her friend , molly , agree . Colette 's eye glow at this compliment - far great and more meaningful than any she receive in the salon . baptiste pop the champagne cork to more cheer . it seem like the party will go on all night . 171 int . colette 's HOTEL room - night 171 a small pokey hotel room . Colette and missy undress for bed by candlelight . colette we have a cancellation in limoge - I have four day off next week . missy be you come back to Paris ? colette no . I have to go up to besancon - to pack up the house . missy will he be there ? colette missy , it 's be a long day . can not we just ... missy yes . I be sorry . they get into bed and hold each other close . missy ( cont ’d ) you do not need to worry about willy . you do not need to earn you own money or stay in this kind of place . I could arrange everything . colette too much of my life have be '' arrange . '' missy I just want you to be able to write if you want to . colette I do not want to . I be happy . and I like my threadbare lodging ... I like make my own money . even if it 's only 50 francs a show . colette - final shoot script 108 . missy nod , hide she hurt . missy I love you . that 's all . colette ... thank you . missy it 's not the traditional reply but I ' 1l take it for now . they stare into each other 's eye . there 's a pound on the door . manager get up . now ! we be come in . Colette stand use a blanket to cover herself as the manager open the door with he wife in tow . manager ( cont 'd ) out ! both of you ! get out of here ! manager '‘s wife you see ? I tell you ! colette what the hell ? manager you degenerate ! manager ’‘s wife we do not have filth under we roof . manager you have get five minute to get out or I be call the police . missy please fuck off . ( alternate take ) oh bugger off . he slam the door . Colette look distraught . colette what be we go to do now ? I have to be up at six to catch the train to Nice . 172 173 174 175 colette - final shoot script 109 . missy do not worry , my dear . we ’1ll find somewhere else ... Colette look into missy 's eye and find strength there . int . HOTEL - stair - night 172 music come up . hastily , dress , Colette and missy descend the stair with they bag , past the manager with they head hold high . ext . strasbourg STREET - night 173 as the exile lover walk off into the darkness , missy take Colette 's hand . ext . country house - late afternoon 174 rain cloud gather over the house . int . country house - late afternoon 175 the house have take on a depress air - picture have be take down , furniture have be move out . Colette be package up she collection of paperweight . across the room , willy be pack up some bric-a-brac . they work in silence , at opposite end of a wide frame . willy I have be think about this new craze for move picture . do you think we could adapt claudine for a cineplay ..? colette ( half to herself ) do you never stop ? willy we could write a completely fresh story . claudine by the Sea . colette no ... adapt the old one ... willy perhaps ... there 's a flash of guilt in willy 's eye . colette catch ! colette - final shoot script 110 . she throw the original Paris snow globe across to he . half the water have leak out and it look pretty deteriorate . willy oh yes ! how sad . tear come to he eye but she do not see . willy ( cont ’d ) I have miss you . colette no , you have not . willy of course I have ... you ambiguous smile , the insane speed of you thought , you absurd joy , you brief but violent anger ... Colette be affect by this but will not let it show . she finish up a crate and put the lid on . colette how 's the book go with meg ..? willy terrible ! all spice and no literature . ( Colette snort a laugh ) she 's not you and she never will be . Colette sigh . the tug of old force on she heart . colette what be we do , willy ? they look across to each other but the distance between they seem now unbreachable . willy ... be we finish ? colette I do not know . willy sigh , want to cry . he shrug . willy you can not . colette why can not I ? colette - final shoot script 111 . willy because I love you and you at you most brilliant with I . colette be I ? willy yes , you know you be . but you still need you headmaster ... 176 int . colette 's bedroom - country house - night 176 Colette lie awake , troubled . there 's a light knock . colette come in . willy enter , dress in he nightshirt . willy May I get in with you , gabri ? colette - yes . get in . willy I could not sleep . it be too quiet . ( a quiet moment ) listen . the silence . it 's terrifying be not it ? colette no ... I love it . willy of course , you do - you country girl . he kiss she on the cheek . willy ( cont ’d ) I have something weigh on I ... colette what . .? willy I ... I do not sleep with meg any more . I mean we sleep . but I can not ... willy can not say it . 177 178 colette - final shoot script 112 . colette it do not matter . willy it do . it matter very much . she hold he close , as if he be a child . colette good-night , my love . int . theatre - night 177 the audience be applaud . up on stage Colette and she music hall troupe bow together hold hand . int . theatre - backstage 178 the troupe descend a spiral staircase lead down from the stage . Colette be next to wague , exhaust after she performance . flossy turn round out . flossy go well tonight ! Colette wave she hand indicate so-so . she turn to go up some step when a voice call out for she . ollendorff Madame willy . colette monsieur ollendorff ! they shake hand . ollendorff I be here in lille on some family business , and I be delighted when I find out you be here with the play . colette it 's kind of you to come and see it . ollendorff it be quite a spectacle . Colette give he a tight - lipped smile . two showgirl come down the stair and bustle past they up . ollendorff ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) I be think , if you be free , I would like to take you and the marquise to dinner . colette - final shoot script 113 . colette thank you . I be always up for a free feed . and especially in such august company . ollendorff it 's the very least I can do for you , Colette . after all the money you have make for I . and will continue to make . ( he give a tight - lipped smile ) I wish I have be able to give willy a better settlement . but one can only pay what one can afford . colette I be not sure I quite understand . ollendorff for the claudine . for the rights to the claudine . a stagehand pass between they carry a bunch of flower up the stair . ollendorff ( cont 'd ) do you mean to say he do not tell you ? Colette look at he stunne . colette willy sell you the claudine ? ollendorff yes . all of they . colette he sell you claudine ... ollendorff absolutely . I be sorry . I think . .? Colette struggle to keep herself under control . colette how much do he get for she ? 179 int . train - day 179 Colette speed along , gaze out of the window . 180 ext . colette and willy 's apartment - staircase - day 180 Colette fly up the stair in a rage . colette - final shoot script 114 . 181 int . colette and willy 's apartment - willy 's study — day181 Paul héon sit type while willy stand , give dictation . Colette be at the door , livid . willy ..- I be most insulted by the implication of you letter . we have transact business now for over five year without any ... Colette storm in . colette willy , I need to see you alone . willy tetette ! what a wonderful surprise ! sense the impending storm , héon rise , make for the door . heon I 'il see you later , willy , Colette . he leave the two of they alone . willy so ? she just look at he . colette 5000 francs , willy . 5000 francs ... willy ah ... you have hear ... yes ... well ... I be in a corner . colette traitor . liar . thief . willy do not be so melodramatic . I be try to keep the house for you . colette I give you the house ! willy we still owed the bank so much on it . colette - final shoot script 115 . colette you could have sell veber 's novel . some of you other trash . you only do it to stick the knife in I . do not you ?! didn ’t you ?! willy I would not have get anything for veber 's or schwob 's or anyone else 's . please calm down ... colette why ? why should I calm down ? you hurt and you hurt and you think that by say '' I be aman , that 's what man do , '' you clear it all away ... he reach for she hand . she explode , recoil as if at a electric shock . colette ( cont ’d ) don ’t you touch I ! what you do be not just hateful - it be stupid . now we will have no say over we book and we will never see another sou from they . willy we can write some more ... colette no ! never again ! never ! willy my dear , you be over-react . it be purely a business decision . colette that 's what we whole marriage have be ! be not I the best investment you ever make ? no dowry but my God , she can write for she keep ? willy if you be a investment then you be a highly speculative one . I give up my inheritance for you . colette I pay you back a thousand time . willy Colette stop , damn it !! stop talk about money . you be my ideal , my obsession , my love . colette - final shoot script 116 . Colette catch she breath and slowly turn to he . her eye be burn . when she speak , it be with unexpected calm . colette you have kill we child . willy stare at she , stunne . colette ( cont ’d ) that book — they be all we have . now they be go and we have no chance of repair . willy my dear , claudine be only a ... colette do not ! do not tell I what claudine be . I be the real claudine !!! ( he try to interrupt ) everything I think and feel go into that book . they be I . my childhood , my memory , my opinion . everything . and then the hour and hour I spend , alone , slave away for you . churn out scene just to try and please you . I be so ashamed of myself for that . but I know and you know - that I be bound to do it . ( she shake she head ) you find I when I know nothing , willy . you mold I to you own design ... to you desire . and you think I could never break free ... but you be wrong . claudine be dead now . she 's go . you betrayed she . and I ... I have outgrown she . willy sink into a chair . he look exhaust , deflate . he have finally break . she walk willy please , my dear , I be stupid ... I panicked ... forgive I . please . colette Goodbye , willy . to the door . willy 's tone turn . willy no ... tetette ... gabrielle .... my love ... stop ! I forbid you ..! 182 183 184 colette - final shoot script 117 . she leave , close the door behind she . ext . street of paris - morning 182 even be come on . the street of Paris be busy with car . the electric street lamp turn off automatically . int . colette and willy 's apartment —- morning 183 willy be look through the exercise book . page after page of Colette school notebook , - the original text of the claudine novel with the occasional margin note from willy . he be think out loud to heon ... willy you see - that 's mine , that 's mine - it be a collaboration ... she really have a nerve ... this prove it . heon say nothing . willy read he silence . willy ( cont ’d ) you know ... could you do I a favor , héon ? could you destroy this for I ? heon be you sure ? willy definitely . burn they . incinerate . heon yes , willy . willy thank you . ( sigh ) I be go out . he head out the door . leave héon with the book . int . cafe noir — morning 184 willy and schwob sit at a dark table nursing a absinthe . a chess set be in front of they but they be barely interested in the game . schwob ..- how many decent salon be leave now ? two , maybe three . willy it 's the end of a dream . colette - final shoot script schwob Paris be lose its gold . willy yes , I must confess , I do not think that this century agree with I quite as much as the last one . schwob I have not hear from Colette . I have write to she twice but no word . willy write be anathema to she , it always have be . schwob you two really be do this time ? willy she 's all pass I on the street and not even look at I . '' claudine divorce . '' so much the worse for she . and for I ... 118. a solemn silence . across the bar a young woman ( who we remember as lily - georgie 's assistant ) and she girlfriend be have coffee at the bar . she say something to she then venture across the room . lily M. willy ? willy I be the late monsieur willy . lily I be lily - lily milson . I meet you once . year ago . I use to work for Madame raoul duval . willy oh yes ! I see you and you friend come in and I think - what wonderful young creature ! thank heaven for ... you , my dear this embarrass lily . lily I just want to say hello . 185 186 187 colette - final shoot script 119 . willy well , how about you two come and share a drink with a couple of old roué ? he give she a come on look through bleary eye . schwob look embarrassed . willy ( cont ’d ) ( cont 'd ) it 's never too early ... he pat the seat beside he . lily look disillusion , sad . lily ( nervously ) I be sorry , I have to go ... very nice see you . and she 's go . willy stare sadly into he drink . schwob loose you touch ... willy lose ! the claudine be do with they headmaster . he downs the last dregs and sigh . int . colette and willy 's apartment - night 185 héon stoke up the fire in willy 's study . he take the first book and be about to throw in on . then he stop , open the book and look at the word for a moment . take a decision , he put all the book in a leather satchel , and head out the door . ext . train - moving - evening 186 the train whizze through the countryside as evening fall . int . train compartment - evening 187 everyone be asleep except Colette , who lean against the side of the compartment , stare into the blackness . then missy stir . she catch Colette 's eye . Colette return she gaze with a tired smile , and mouth - I Love you . 188 189 190 191 colette - final shoot script 120 . ext . theatre - marseille - morning 188 the three find they way to the theater that display a giant poster for '' flesh . '' int . dressing room — evening 189 at the venue , Colette be get dress . she pull on a stock but she big toe poke through it . it 's tear . colette shit ! she go over to a large trunk in the corner , open it up , and rifle around in the tatter sequin gowns . at the bottom of the trunk , she find something that stop she in she track . it be one of she school notebook - the last one of the original claudine at School manuscript . she flip through it and about a third of the way in find the page that say the end . wague stick he head in the door . wague thirty minute to curtain . colette thanks , wague . she blow he a kiss . moment later 190 the nib of a pen be dip in ink . on the opposite page from the end of claudine , Colette write '' note on the music hall . '' she start to write again - we hear a new authority in she voice . colette ( v.o . ) after two year of music-hall and theatre , I be still the same — face to face with that paint mentor who gaze at I from the other side of the look - glass , with deep - set eye under lid smear with purplish greasepaint . int . corridor — night 191 Colette walk down the corridor backstage , past showgirl change and acrobat warming up - she new world , she new community . she see wague who signal to she good luck . 192 colette - final shoot script 121 . colette ( v.o . ) I know she be go to speak to I . she be go to say : " be that you there , all alone under that ceiling booming and vibrate under the foot of the dancer ? why be you there , all alone ? and why not somewhere else ? '' yes , this be the dangerous , lucid hour . approach the stage , we hear the audience chant " Colette " over and over in rhythm . the sound get louder , the audience 's foot beat a tattoo on the floor ; colette , colette , colette . int . theatre — backstage 192 colette ( v.o . ) now , whenever I despair , I no longer expect my end , but some bit of luck , some commonplace little miracle which , like a glitter link , will mend again the necklace of my day . Colette take a deep breath . the curtain go up , to thunderous applause . she walk into the brilliant glow of the footlight , and disappear into white , like a bird disappear into the sun . title come up , accompany by archival photo and music . title in 1911 , Colette 's '' the vagabond , '' base on she music hall experience , be publish under she own name to great critical acclaim . title ( cont ’d ) missy and Colette continue they relationship for many year . missy often accompany Colette on she music hall tour , though never again opt to appear on the stage . title ( cont 'd ) willy continue to publish ghost - write book with meg , but fail to replicate the success of the claudine . he die in 1931 in relative obscurity . title ( cont 'd ) Paul héon do not destroy the original claudine manuscript but return they to Colette . they become crucial evidence in a 1948 legal battle to establish the true authorship of the novel ... that Colette win . colette - final shoot script 122 . title ( cont 'd ) Colette go on to publish over fifty acclaimed novel and short storey . she become the most celebrate female author in the history of french literature . in she old age , Colette remark , '' what a wonderful life I have have . I only wish I have realize it sooner . '' the end