collateral write by Stuart beattie revise draft by Frank darabont 9/12/00 current revision by Michael Mann 8/24/03 for educational purpose only ( blue ) ( pink ) ( yellow ) ( green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buff ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( tan ) ( blue ) ( pink ) ( yellow ) ( green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buff ) ( salmon ) ( cherry ) ( tan ) ( blue ) ( pink ) ( yellow ) ( green ) ( goldenrod ) ( buff ) Al 9/18/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 1 . fade in : int . BRADLEY terminal - blur - day Al slide past in a 400 mm lens . then , enter a plane of focus be vincent . he walk towards we ... a arrive passenger . suit. shirt . no tie . sunglass and expensive briefcase say " confident executive traveler . " the suit 's custom - make but not domestic . his hair and shade be current , but it would be difficult to describe he identify specifics ... grey suit , white shirt , medium height . and that 's the idea ... close behind vincent over he leave shoulder , walk through milling traveler towards the distant wall of metal and glass , sunlight stream at he ... another businessman - suit , blonde crew cut - walk to camera . same sunlight , but it hit he from the side . his trajectory be from the leave . his eyeline be slightly right . just now , he look down at a ticket in he hand ... over vincent's left shoulder ... right now something catch Vincent 's eye . and the two man bump into each other ... two-shot ... vincent you okay ? sorry ... Vincent put down he briefcase . the man have a similar briefcase . man ( North London work - class accent ) yeah , yeah , I be fine , mate . enjoy LA ... vincent grab the briefcase of the man with the North London work - class accent . and continue towards the exit . be it a accident ? be it a brush pass ? the man 's accent signify nothing to we except one thing : foreign origin . vincent approach until he 's in ecu ... ( continued ) Al 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 1a . continued : Al overhead shot : vincent up from the bottom of the frame , depart across the floor with the yellow tile , until we lose he into the milling hundred of angeleno , head out into Greater LA and its eighteen million people . credit sequence : 1 image wipe across the screen , kinetic and abstract , float and dreamlike in slo - mo : shade of yellow . ribbon of silver . shimmer of chrome . headlights sweeping past , flaring to white . brake light flash , halating red . reflection of overhead fluorescence flow like liquid along windshield glass ... sound be dreamlike and abstract , reverberate and discordant , bounce off concrete wall : car door open and close . brake . a babble of multi-lingual crosstalk . Racing form . a farsi newspaper . African hand on a blackberry . Max 's hand do the New York Times crossword . a West African speak french into a cell phone . metallica in a headset . hip-hop , norteno ... mechanic hand change tire , replace air cleaner , close a hood . int . taxi dispatch - L.A. - day 2 orange and yellow ford crown victorias be wiping screen . we find ourselves in a busy garage at change of shift . a balletic convergence of arrive and depart car . one 's door 's flung open ... int . one cab - max's hand 3 enter . they wipe the seat with paper towel and 409 ... a dmv license fitte into the small lexan holder . on it be a picture of Max . light be check . indicator . hazards . switch . similar to a pilot do a aircraft check list . fast . all fine . reveal now : max's briefcase he open it , prepare for he workday . CD caddy of personal mix go on a visor . spreadsheet peak out a wear mercede s500 brochure , clipped open . a submarine sandwich from Subway . ( continued ) ee ek * * 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 1b . continued : 3 long lens : other cabbie - other face load - in . Southern California diversity - some unshaven , swapping storey , count cash , one stand on the passenger seat to shout over the roof to he pal , spill he coffee , could not care less ... not Max . his cab be fly . among cabby he be gq . and as car horn blare . ad lib banter . cabbie shout . Max get behind the wheel , close the door ... int . cab - day 4 ... and wham ! the noise evaporate . welcome silence . Max take a moment to savor it . ( continued ) ee ek 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 2 . continued : 4 he start the engine . rap music blare from the radio . Max turn it off . he dump a CD into the changer . mozart sonata fill the cab . from the open briefcase , Max also pull out one last thing ... a tatter postcard which depict the whitest sand and bluest sea you can imagine . a dream place . a endorphin-releasing groove . limitless horizon . it 's the maldive Islands in the indian Ocean . max slip the postcard under the rubber band on the visor . he can see it whenever he want to . but not now . he flip the visor up , put the car in gear and pull out . CUT to : ext . LA downtown - max be cab - late day 5 northbound on the 405 or Harbor freeway , a on-ramp to the east 105 . it 's all magical in the light . Max 's cab , rocketing along circulinear ramp into complexity of five traffic stream ... int . cab 6 ..- harsh reality intrude . Max be drive a young professional couple with carry - on bag , have a heat argument about ... man ... it 's always you . why be everything always direct at you ...? woman ... everything be not " always about I . " he be be sarcastic and you goddamn well know it ... man ... I be sorry , I do not hear it that way ... woman ...oh , bullshit ! how about the dig about the makeover ...? man ...- what do you want I to do , punch the guy out ? I work with he . and you be perfectly capable of take care of you own ...... ( continued ) 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 3 . continued : 6 woman ( interrupt ) ... well , last I check , you be sleep with I , so unless you wanna start fuck he , I suggest ... Max endure it silently , invisible as furniture . he do not exist as far as he passenger be concerned ... int . cab - late day 7 .--.as Max drop a elderly asian couple in Little saigon ... * up ahead , he see a cluster of chinese gangbanger in they early 20' wear cheap suit , white shirt and no tie . some guy get push to the ground , punch and kick while four or * five watch , amused . Max 's first instinct ... * max hey , leave - up on he , man ... one gang member , eat take - out with chopstick , hear , turn , see Max . gang member say what ? what you lookin ' at , bitch ? ( stream of hot cantonese ) he throw he food container . another throw a beer bottle . Max hit the accelerator as the bottle bounce off the rear windshield ... ext / int . cab - gas station - late day 8 by the freeway . mexican mural be coat with a patina of corrosion from the fume . we find Max clean chinese take - out off he cab with the water hose while the gas pump click off . the attendant he 's know for five year finish a taco . * attendant ( in Spanish ) how would you get the chop suey all over the cab ? ee ek max ( in Spanish ) I do not . the cab get in a fight with a gang of chinese cholos . ee ek attendant ( in Spanish ) there 's be sprout by the passenger door . ee ek ( continued ) 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 3a . continued : 8 Max hang the nozzle back , get in the car ... Max slip he credit card into the briefcase . we glimpse the mercede s500 catalogue again . and Max flip the visor down , stare at the island . soothed by the blue . we be see the most private of Max 's ritual , the one he do not share with anybody . now , he start hustling for call by posting himself in a nearby zone . see Max work the computer . he bid and get a next load . dispatcher ( get language ) CUT to : omit 9 10 11 10/12/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 4. omit 10 int . cab - magic hour - superior court build - max 11 presumably , have drop a load in front . he fill out he trip sheet . a pedestrian businessman ask direction to lax . Max ad lib , direct he to the people - mover . yellow cylindrical stair ... a pretty young woman descend into the interior lobby . Max finish he notation . the young woman detour through media and the rush-hour crowd while talk rapid fire into a cell phone , start toward Max 's cab , wave at it ... Max do not see she , start to pull away . she give up , turn toward a green City cab behind she , but it just pick up a load . then , Max catch sight of she and stop . Red taillight . she turn and start for the cab . we see Max regard she in he rearview mirror . he eject a CD and load a different one . addendum : wild dial for annie action while Annie 's on the cell phone to unheard legal assistant / transcriber ... annie I need it transcribe ... assistant's voice ( unheard ) off of what ? annie off the line sheet . assistant's voice ( unheard ) why ? annie ' Cause I think it 's he on there . in the gold Lexus on the cell . if it be , he 's enhanceable , ' cause of prior in the late ' 80' ... assistant's voice ( 0.s. ) what about tomorrow afternoon ? % ee ek * 11a 10/12/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 4a . ext./ int . cab 11a the woman , annie farrell , enter the cab . everything about she say " serious professional " from she suit to she briefcase and purse . still on she cell , she attention be focus on the call . annie ...no , the transcription need to be do by seven a.m.. period . okay ? max how ya ' doin ' ? where to ? annie downtown . 312 North spring Street . take sepulveda to slauson to La brea . La brea north to 6th into downtown . Max pull away from the curb , start the meter and turn leave . annie ( cont 'd ) ( into cell phone ) so you will be up late . I be pull a all - nighter , too . save the tear . she end the call , start to check she voicemail on she phone . Max 's eye in the rearview mirror ... ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 5 . 11a continued : ( 2 ) 11a max I will take 105 east and up the 110 . it 's faster . annie ( do not look at he ) what ? max ( louder ) 105 to the 110 be faster . annie 110 turn into a parking lot around usc . max this late , the 110 be move , but La brea north of the Santa monica be jamme . annie 110 north of the 10 you get people go to pasadena and they drive slow . max that 's why I jump off at Grand . ( look at she ) but , hey , surface street be cool . that 's what you want , that 's what we do ... Annie look up for the first time . skeptically ... annie be we take bet ? what if you be wrong ? max you ride be free . annie you get yourself a deal . 12 ext . olympic blvd . - dusk to night 12 Max 's cab maneuver easily through light traffic past golf drive range . 13 int . cab - dusk to night 13 Annie glance up from a legal brief , notice the lack of traffic . ( continued ) 13 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 5a . int . cab - dusk to night 13 Annie glance up from a legal brief , notice the lack of traffic . ( continued ) 9/1/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 6 . 13 continued : 13 annie go ahead , say it . go ahead . max ... lucky with the light . annie you be not " lucky with the light . " what you be be right . I be wrong ... ( glance at he license ) ..- Max . she set the brief aside , eye tired anyway . she notice the music play faintly up front . bach 's " Air on a G string . " annie ( cont 'd ) you mind turn this up ? Max do not mind at all . he tweak the volume up . Annie lean she head back to listen , close she eye . max you like bach ? annie ( nod ) I use to play this piece in high school . max let I guess . woodwind ? annie ( smile ) Viola . I never have the lung for wind instrument . max could 'a fool I , the way you be unload into that cell phone . annie ( laugh ) different instrument ... ( beat ) you know , if you would only listen to I , we would be all bog down in traffic right now , and you would have make a extra five buck . max yeah ? keep it . buy yourself something . go wild . ( continued ) 13 continued : 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) ( 2 ) annie ( off he silence ) a gentleman . I think chivalry be a necessary casualty of gender politics ... max not a big thing , you know ...? annie how many cabby get you into a argument to save you money ? max there be two of we . I kill the other guy . I do not like competition ... she 's charme by he deadpan . a uncomfortable beat . annie you take pride in ... be the best at what you do ...? max this ? ( hesitates ) this be temporary . you know . pay the bill . I fill in with this . I will be the best at what I do , but that 's something else . annie what else ? max I be set up something ... annie like tell I ...? max ... limo company I be put together . Island limousine . a island on wheel . so I be part-time until I get delivery , benze off lease , work up my client list , staff up , all that ... max ( cont 'd ) you like be a lawyer ? 7 . 13 he turn the conversation back to she : ( continued ) 13 continued : ( 3 ) 9/26/03 mm revs . annie you psychic ? ( goldenrod ) 7a . 13 ( continued ) 13 14 15 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 8. continued : ( 4 ) 13 max I be start a 800 hotline . ( off she look ) caught you phone call . and even if I have not , there 's the dark pinstripe . elegant , not too hip , which rule out advertising , plus a top drawer briefcase , that you live out of , purse look like a bodega ... annie ( laugh ) bottega . max ... bottega . guy get in my cab with a machete ? I figure he 's a sushi chef . you ? clarence darrow . Annie can not help laugh . annie not quite . he work defense . I 'ma prosecutor ... max Big case ? annie yeah . ext . federal build ( not 312 spring STREET ) - downtown - 14 dusk Max 's cab slide in to the curb . beat . still a lot of pedestrian and car traffic , people head home for the night . int . cab - anniee 15 smile fade as she gaze up at she building , some anxiety come back . annie you get we here fast ... she dig in she purse for the fare . max you never answer my question . you like what you do ? annie ( hedge ) yeah . ( continued ) 15 continued : 10/12/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 9 . 15 max but not right now ...? annie ( nod ) no , I do ... like I can not wait . ... I love stand up in that courtroom . ( hesitates ) at the same time ... I always get this clench - up thing the night before the first day ... max clenched - up how ...? annie ( beat ) I think I be gonna lose . I think I suck . I think my case suck . I have not prepare enough . my exhibit be not in order . people be gonna figure out that I do not know what I be doin ' . and I have have this charade go for year . I represent the Department of justice of the United States government and my open statement be gonna fall flat at the really important point and the jury 's gonna laugh at I . ( beat ) then I cry ... I do not throw - up . a lot of people throw - up . I have a strong stomach . ( beat ) then I get it together . and rewrite my open statement . work the exhibit . for the rest of the night . that 's my routine . ( look up with a smile ) in the morning , it start . I be fine . Max be focus on she eye . max you need a vacation . annie ( faint smile ) I just have ... a vacation . on the Harbor freeway . she take money out of she purse . ( continued ) he HH HH HH HH he he hk 15 continued : 10/12/03 mm revs. ( buff ) ( 2 ) max no . not in a cab . you need you head straight , gotta get you unify self up , get harmonic ... you know ... annie when be the last time you take a break ? max I take little one all the time . annie how often ? max Dozen time a day . 9a . 15 he flip the visor down , revealing the postcard of white beach , clear green water . this with anybody : max ( cont 'd ) maldive Islands . it get heavy , I take five . go there . it 's the first time he 's share ( continued ) 15 15 a 16 9/8/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 on impulse , he slip the postcard free and offer it to she . * annie no , I could not take that ... I could not . max yes , you could . you need it more than I do . ( off she hesitation ) it help . I promise . she accept the postcard , surprised and touch . her gaze linger on he for a moment . she hold it . annie wow . thanks for everything , Max ... max sure thing . she get out of the cab , start to walk away ... ..- but turn back , ducking into the cab 's window . look a bit flustered , she pull a business card and offer it to he . annie in case you ever ... I do not know ... wanna start a investigation of a fortune 500 company or argue cab route or something ... and with that , she go towards the three assistant wait for she outside the revolve door . Max be leave somewhat stunne , hold she card . he glance down at it : annie farrell assistant UNITED states attorney criminal division central district of california meanwhile ... int . federal build , garage - door 15a * a hand punch a sequence of number into a keypad . the garage be visible beyond . the lock unlock . we see it be Vincent who walk into the steel interior staircase from the garage . int . federal build - vincent - dusk 16 * emerge from the interior staircase into the lobby in he good * suit with the expensive briefcase . casually , he glance to he right . we do not know why ... * ( continued ) 16 9/8/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 10a . continued : 16 over vincent in front of he be a guard station and a row of tumbril that require a identity card to not trigger and alarm . Vincent produce he card , scan it across the top . ( continued ) 16 17 17a 9/8/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 the indicator go GREEN . Vincent slip the card into he briefcase and walk through , towards the bank of elevator . however , he do not take a elevator . he walk past they towards a escalator down to the street . why do he walk into , through and out of the lobby of the building ? frontal close : vincent and pan right with he as he and we start a descent on the escalator from the stone foyer to the street level . past vincent's head , riding the " up " escalator be Annie farrell and the group of lawyer . Vincent look at she , appreciatively , then away . omit 17 ext . federal build - vincent 17a exit , approach we , and arm down to include the yellow top of Max 's cab ... Max still hold Annie 's business card , marvel at it and she . from the front ... vincent hello ? max ( glance back ) uh , yeah ... and Max can not hide he eyeline and interest ... vincent let 's go to ... ( Max be not pay attention ) you free ? or ... Vincent start towards another cab pull up ... max yeah , yeah , sorry ... Vincent get in . ( continued ) ee ek 17a 17b 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) continued : max ( cont 'd ) where to ? vincent 452 South Union Street . int . cab - max pull out , start the meter . vincent ( check he watch ) how long you think this will take ? max fourteen minute . vincent fourteen ? not fifteen ? not thirteen ? max two minute to get onto the 101 . Transition to the 110 to the 10 and exit on normandie be four minute . North on normandie be five minute . two minute to South Union ' cause there 's roadwork . thirteen plus one for " shit happen . " Vincent check he watch . vincent mind if I time you ? ( Max shrug ) what do I get if you be wrong ? a free ride ? max a apology . Max head for the 100 on -ramp . max ( cont 'd ) ... I already offer up the free ride today . vincent to who ? max ... some girl . 12 . 17a 17b ( continued ) 17b 18 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 12a . continued : vincent do you ask she out ? Vincent 's read Max 's mind . Max far . now that he do , reality league and he know it . go forever , Max jam she card visor . ext . 6th STREET bridge over 110 Max 's cab zoom across , head have not think it through sink in . Annie 's out of under the rubber band on CUT to : - night out of downtown . 17b that he the 18 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 13 . 19 int . cab - vincent 19 Max change the subject . max first time in LA ? vincent no . to tell the truth , whenever I be here , I can not wait to leave . too sprawle - out . disconnect . you know ...? but that 's I . ( beat ) you like it here ? max it 's home . vincent 17 million people . this be a country , it would be the fifth biggest economy in the world . but nobody know each other . too impersonal . but that 's just I ... you know ... ( beat ) I read about this guy . get on the mta , here , and die . six hour he 's riding the subway before anybody notice . this corpse do lap around LA , people on and off , sit next to he , nobody notice . max I see you point . yeah ... Vincent glance around the cab . vincent cleanest cab I have ever be in . you regular ride ? max yeah . I share it with the dayshift guy . vincent prefer night ? max people be more relaxed , you know ? less stress , less traffic , better tip . vincent you get benefit ? ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 14 . 19 continued : 19 max like sick leave ? vincent retirement ? Health and welfare ? max it 's not that kind of job . vincent start a union . max I , specifically ? vincent why not ? max last thing I need be a reason to keep drive a cab . it 's temporary . I be fillin ' in , you know , while this other thing I be put together be shaping up ... vincent how long you be drive ? max twelve year . hardly temporary ... vincent really ? what else be you put together ? Max hesitates . he 's not as secure as he be with Annie . max I do not talk about it . no offense , but ... vincent ( smile , shrug ) none take . talker and doer . like you , I like doer . 20 ext . south union STREET apartment build - night 20 a rundown , quasi-deserted area . alienation in the twilight . a lonely tenant watch the city from a open window . Max 's cab pull to the curb ... 21 9/24/03 mm revs . int . cab - vincent close he briefcase , check he watch . ( green ) 14a . 21 ( continued ) 21 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 15 . continued : 21 vincent fourteen minute . man , you be good ... max lucky with the light . vincent yeah , sure . you probably know the light schedule , too . ( lean forward ) listen ... I be in town on a real estate deal . a close . one night . I get five stop to make , collect signature . see some friend . then I get a six a.m. out of lax . why do not you hang with I for the night ...? max I be not a hire car . it 's against reg ... vincent regulation ? this guy do not pay you sick leave . ( pull he wallet ) how much you pull down a shift ? max two-fifty , four hundred . vincent I will make it six hundred . plus a extra hundred if you get I to lax and I do not have to run for the plane . Vincent draw crisp hundre -dollar bill from he briefcase , fan they like a magic trick . meanwhile , a car pull up behind double - park Max . Vincent steal a glimpse of he PC . seea real estate prospectus - look display . vincent ( cont 'd ) ... take a chance . max man , I do not know . vincent yes , you do . max ( succumb ) yeah . okay . Vincent smile , give he a firm handshake . ( continued ) 21 continued : ( 2 ) cool . hundred down . 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) vincent we get a deal . here 's three what 's you name ? 15a . 21 ( continued ) 21 22 23 9/2/03 mm revs. ( green ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 21 max Max . vincent Max ? I be Vincent . Vincent get out . Max call after he : max I can not double park here ... vincent I will meet you in the alley behind the building . understood . Vincent step into the building foyer , while ... Max put the car in gear ... ext . alley - night 22 .». -- and pull into the alley behind the apartment building . int . cab - max 23 bring the car to a stop and notice Vincent 's briefcase lie on the back seat . a trust soul . Max smile . max definitely not from around here . he kill the engine . silence . there 's a noticeable lack of city noise . distant talk radio . Spanish gospel from a Baptist church . a occasional car pass the mouth of the alley . Max trade mozart for Beethoven . Max check he watch . dinnertime . he turn to he batter briefcase on the passenger seat . it 's fill with carefully arrange item . napkins in the pocket . utensil in the pen holder . foil pack of mayo and mustard and thousand Island dress . 1.5 liter plastic bottle of vitamin mineral water . the well - wear mercede brochure for the s500 . a spreadsheet , like a handwritten business plan . a large submarine sandwich wrap in two halve . neat note pad . everything 's in methodical order . 23a 23b 23c 23d 24 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 17 . ext./ int . apartment build - very close past vincent 23a climb stair with palm tree and downtown behind ... int . cab - max 23b spread thousand Island on the sandwich . he glance up at the visor . he tilt it down , peer at Annie 's business card , wonder what to do . will he call she ? he sit a moment , fight a wave of sadness . unhappy with himself . with he life . his place in the world . omit 23c int . cab - max 23d raise the sandwich to take a bite ... from the floor up past max + the steering wheel ( vfx - grn scrn ) up through the windshield be the twinkle of star in the night sky . suddenly , a dark shape from above black out the sky . it descend towards we . as Max take a bite ... ... wham ! something huge rock the cab on its axle ! glass rain down . a headlight explode ! the windshield fracture ! Max bounce off the ceiling . his submarine deconstruct all over the interior . his coffee spill ... .».- and then abrupt , stun silence . what hit he . a earthquake ? Max take a daze beat . he peer at the windshield ... the dead face of a fat man stare at he . Max recoil with a yell , scramble from the cab , heart pound ... ext . alley - from above : cab - night 24 a corpse be angle across part of he roof and windshield in a bathrobe . there 's shard of window glass from upstairs everywhere . it make a halo around the cab . Max be stunne . ( continued ) 24 240 a 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 18 . continued : 24 he look to see where the body come from . max Pov : 3rd story ( south union location ) a window on the top floor be break out . a white curtain flap in the breeze . low angle : cms max 24a * turn . Vincent have enter the alley and now stop . * Max 's first think : this passenger will think Max run into * this guy . max he - he fall on my cab ...! ( point ) vincent ( pause ) you always stutter ? max well , yeah . yeah . guy fall on my motherfuck cab from up there ...! * Max look up , point again , as if Vincent might have miss it the first time . Vincent 's focus have not leave Max . * max ( cont 'd ) I think he 's dead . vincent ... take two .45 and do a high dive onto he head . it 's a good guess . Max stare at Vincent . it 's sink in . Vincent , meanwhile , * have to make he decision . about Max . kill he and find another , or ... max you - you kill he ? vincent no . I - I shot he . the bullet and the fall kill he . a freeze beat . everything 's out in the open . Max realize he 's in trouble . he back away , think escape ... .». -- and like lightning , Vincent 's .45 h+ k be in he hand . to Max the .45 caliber bore be the diameter of the spring Street tunnel . ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 18a . 24a continued : 24a vincent ( cont 'd ) red-light-green-light ? Light 's red . Max freeze . ( continued ) 240 a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) 24a vincent ( cont 'd ) you can run , but you will die tired . Max nod . shakily raise he hand . vincent ( cont 'd ) put down you hand . ( beat ) be you cool ? say " I be cool . " * max you be cool . vincent no. ( beat ) you say you be cool . max I be ... I be cool . Vincent decide . the gun disappear back into Vincent 's waistband . vincent okay . help I out here . * max with what ? vincent El gordo decide to get some air and not take the stair . so we go to plan B. pop the trunk . * max my trunk ? vincent ( be not it self evident ? ) I can not * leave he here . so unless you want he riding up front with you ... and give the hygiene ... ( smell ) ... and he sphincter let go ... Max reluctantly pop the trunk , circle to the front of the car . Vincent reach over the hood , grab the corpse by the bathrobe lapel , heave the body into a sit position . vincent ( cont 'd ) gonna roll he off the hood . * ( a homily for Max ) * always lift with you leg ... * ( continued ) 240 a 25 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) 24a max I do not think I can do this . vincent he 's only a dead guy . on three . uno. dos. Three . he roll the corpse off the hood . grimace , Max get a firm grip under the arm . Vincent get the leg . vincent ( cont 'd ) get it ? max yeah . they start shuffle toward the trunk . suddenly , Max let out a yell , almost drop he end . vincent what ? max his hand move ! his goddamn hand twitch ! vincent it 's a spasm ! Jesus , do not be such a girl ... angle from inside trunk as they heave the body inside , pause to catch they breath . vincent ( cont 'd ) ( to heavy dead person ) never hear of a treadmill ? he slam the trunk , shutting we into darkness ... ext . cab - night 25 .».- and we find Max freeze like a statue while Vincent be dousing the hood with Max 's 1.5 liter bottle of drink water . vincent six liter of blood in the average angeleno , he 's gotta dump all he ... on you cab . ( a final dousing ) okay , that 's good enough . Vincent head for the car , notice Max 's foot be freeze to the concrete . ( continued ) 25 26 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 21 . continued : 25 max uh , look ... why do not you , like , take the cab ... vincent " take the cab ... " max yeah . I - I will chill . you know . and ... they do not check . you know ? they do not . they do not know who 's drive this thing . you , I ... vincent and you promise you will never tell anybody ? right ? ... get in the fuck car . Max do . Vincent get into the back seat ... int . cab - max 26 behind the wheel , turn the key . the engine grind . he try again . more grinding . vincent can we leave the scene of the crime , now , please ? max I be try ... he turn the ignition again . grind . grind . Vincent 's get steam : vincent Max . max it 's not I ! grind . grind . vincent the engine be already on . put the little pointer on the letter " D . " " D " stand for drive . ( continued ) 26 27 27a 28 29 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 22 . continued : 26 Max pull out of the alley ... ext . STREET - as max's cab 27 max you be make I nervous . vincent I be make you nervous ? I be the one on a schedule ... ... accelerate away , disappear , another car appear . ext . union STREET 27a it cruise down the street and stop in front of the apartment building . ray fanning emerge from the car . edge hair , a earring , sport clothes . a salesman or a player or a dealer . Forties , a face with character and some mile . and something insistent about he intent ... he head towards the entry gate , ring a buzzer . wait a moment . ring again . nothing . plus ...he look like he could kick you ass if he want to . he pull a thin plastic card from a inner pocket of he jacket , jimmy the door lock ... int . apartment build courtyard , third floor - fanning - 28 night approach across the balcony walkway against the junky palm and downtown skyscape . he knock on the door ... cause the door to swing in slightly . he glance down , see the lock be pull . tensing , he fade to one side , he hand go to he holster at he hip . he draw a beretta , reach out and push the door all the way open ... int . apartment - nothing - night 29 a dark shamble . Old take - out . a tv . fanning enter cautiously , alert for the slight movement or sound . fanning ramone ? ( beat ) estas fiestando con una chica ? ( continued ) 29 30 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 22a . continued : 29 nothing . fanning cautiously enter the bedroom , worried now . reemerges . nothing . int . apartment - fanning 30 carefully negotiate the corner and slide along the wall to see ... ( continued ) 30 31 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 23 . continued : 30 the broken window Glass miss . he lean out . a dizzying drop . a halo of break glass on the alley below ... in the center of which be a big blank spot . fanning fuck . and he produce he police radio and we realize he 's a cop . int . cab , traveling - max - night 31 Max wind he way through surface - street traffic , in shock , sneaking anxious glance at Vincent in back . Vincent 's get the tablet PC from he briefcase , study it . the silence be thick . Max 's hand be shaking . he lift it off the wheel , try to steady he finger . Vincent divert some attention to Max ... vincent ( 0.s. ) try deep breathe . max what ? vincent adrenaline 's wear off . you get shaky after . some people slip into shock . it 's not uncommon . deep breathe help . Max start draw in breath , let they out slowly . vincent ( cont 'd ) be that better ? max I think so . they stop at a red light . Max glance at the passenger seat . dress and stray piece of lettuce and mortadella . he park the gearshift and go for the paper towel , clean up . Vincent over the tablet PC , take in Max . softly : ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 24 . 31 continued : 31 vincent what be you do ? max it 's a mess . vincent so ? Max keep wiping , as if get the seat clean might put everything right again . vincent ( cont 'd ) Lady macbeth . leave the seat . the light 's green . we be sit here . a car horn honk behind Max . the car whip around they to get through the intersection . driver asshole ! vincent you no longer have the cleanest cab in la-la land . you gotta live with that . focus on the job . drive . right . Max put the car in gear and proceed . vincent ( cont 'd ) ( check the PC ) 7565 Fountain . you know it ? max West Hollywood . vincent ( check he watch ) how long , you figure ? Max have to force himself to concentrate : max seventeen minute . why ? silence from the back . Max into the rearview , realize : max ( cont 'd ) oh. oh , no . you be kid . we ... vincent I tell you we have other stop to make tonight . ( continued ) 31 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) max you say you be visit friend ! vincent they be somebody 's friend ... ( change display ) you drive a cab . I make my round . we both do we job , you might make it through the night and come out seven hundred buck ahead . max I ... I be not try to piss you off , see ? okay ? but I can not drive you around so you can murder people ... man , that 's not my job ... vincent tonight it be . max you do not get it . I mean it . really . I be not up for this ... Vincent realize Max be on the verge of panic . vincent you be stress . I understand that . keep breathe . stay calm . Max start deep - breathe again , exhaling slowly . Vincent stow the PC . vincent ( cont 'd ) be you breathe ? max yes . vincent good . what else calm you down ? candy ? cigarettes ? breathe . max Music . vincent play music . Max turn on the CD . soft classical . vincent ( cont 'd ) chopin prelude . stodgy . ( Max nod ) here 's the deal . ( more ) 31 ( continued ) * 31 continued : 9/24/03 mm revs. ( green ) 26 . ( 3 ) 31 vincent ( cont 'd ) you be gonna drive I around and never be the wiser . but because of El gordo 's high dive , we be into plan B. still breathe ? ( beat ) now . we have to make the best of it . improvise . adapt to the environment . darwin . " shit happen . " the I ching ... whatever . Roll with it ... max I ching ? you throw a man out a window ! vincent I do not throw he , he fall . max what would he do to you ? vincent nothing . I only meet he one time . max then how can you kill he like that ? vincent I should only kill people after I get to know ‘em ? ( off Max 's look ) six billion people on the planet and you get bent out of shape ' cause of one fat guy ? max who , who be he ? vincent what do you care ? ever hear of rwanda ? max rwanda . yeah . vincent ten of thousand kill before sundown . nobody 's kill people that fast since Hiroshima and nagasaki . do you bat a eye , Max ? do you join Amnesty International , oxfam or something ? no. ( off Max 's silence ) ( more ) ( continued ) 31 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 27 . continued : ( 4 ) 31 vincent ( cont 'd ) I off one angeleno , you throw a hissy fit ... Max stop at another red light . max I do not know rwandans . vincent you do not know the guy in the trunk , either . ( beat ) if it make you feel any better , he be a criminal involved in a continue criminal Enterprise . max oh , that make it okay , then . ' Cause all you be do be take out the garbage ... vincent something like that ... ( distract ) what you need to remember be that nobody get out of this alive . even if we quit smoking . cut out red meat . everybody die ... suddenly -- a brilliant glare of flashing light stab at the cab . Max see -- -- a lapd cruiser behind the cab . the rooftop light flashing ... cop # 1 ( p.a. ) please pull the vehicle over to the curb . Max comply . a second bright beam light up the interior . two uniformed cop emerge from the patrol car . faceless silhouettes , approach cautiously . vincent ( low ) get rid of them . max how ? vincent you be a cabby . talk yourself out of a ticket . the cop be now circle to either side of the cab , use maglite flashlight . ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 28 . 31 continued : ( 5 ) 31 Vincent ease the briefcase off he lap , he hand clear he field of movement , spread open he jacket to better reach he waistband and he h +k . max please . do not do anything . vincent then do not let I get cornere . you do not have the trunk space . max I can not believe this ... Vincent 's hand reach ... vincent believe it . max do not . I will talk to they , I will talk to they ...! vincent ( be : cop ) probably marry . a cop' hand descend to the driver 's window , rap loudly , gold wedding band catch the light as it tap on the glass . vincent ( cont 'd ) maybe that one 's get kid . probably he wife 's pregnant ... max I will deal with it ! a flashlight beam pop on at the driver 's window . cop # 1 glaring light into Max 's eye . a second flashlight beam pop on , this from cop # 2 on the passenger side . check out Vincent in the back . Vincent smile good - naturedly . Max roll he window down . cop # 1 lean down , and we see he face for the first time . a clean - cut blonde guy . ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 29 . continued : ( 6 ) 31 cop # 1 license and registration . Max pull they off the visor , hand they over . the cop examine they by flashlight . cop # 1 ( cont 'd ) pull you over ' cause you windshield 's smashed . ( beat ) all of this current ? ee ek max yes , officer . from the other side of the cab , cop # 2 let out a laugh . he 's play he flashlight beam across the seat . mustard and mayo everywhere . cop # 2 wha would you , have a food fight in here ? Max give Vincent a " I tell you so " look in the rearview mirror . meanwhile , we hear dimly on the police radio about a domestic disturbance on 83rd and Hoover and some officer respond . cop # 2 play he beam across the crack windshield and damage hood . faint reddish trace in the paint . his smile fade . cop # 2 ( cont 'd ) be that blood ? * max yeah . see ... ( think fast ) I hit a deer . cop # 1 a deer ... max over by slauson . cop # 1 a " South Central " deer ? max goddamn deer jump out in front of I . you believe that ? cop # 1 ( indicate Vincent ) why you still carry a passenger ? ( continued ) 31 continued : 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 29a . ( 7 ) 31 max I be head back to my depot , see , you know ? and he drop 's on the way . cop # 1 yeah , but you cab 's not safe to drive . and we be go to impound it . we need to do a vehicle inventory while we wait for the tow truck . pop the trunk and step out of the vehicle . ( swing flashlight beam to Vincent ) ( more ) ( continued ) 31 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 30 . continued : ( 8 ) 31 cop # 1 ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , sir , you will have to phone for another cab . vincent be that necessary , Officer ? I be just a half mile from here . cop # 1 I be afraid it be . please exit the vehicle . ( to Max ) you , too . Max hear a soft click behind he . the unmistakable sound of a safety clicked off . he meet Vincent 's gaze in the rearview mirror . a whisper : vincent you open that trunk , they go inside . behind Vincent , through the rear windshield , Max see cop # 2 move to the trunk , play he flashlight across it ... Max , mouth dry ... max hey , man , it 's be a long day . you know ? it 's so slow , I pay this guy to ride so I do not get lonely ... ( be : Vincent ) my first fare . how about a break ? I be head to the barn , anyway ... cop # 1 get out of the car . and open the trunk ... Max toss a hopeless look into the rearview . Vincent 's stare at he . no mercy there . Max step from the car . the cop escort Max toward the rear , Vincent smoothly pull he h+k from he waistband and emerge on the passenger side , gun hold out of sight and a heartbeat away from open fire ... «+-.a crackle of static , a panicky voice come over the police band : police radio Officer need help . we get a man with a gun . Shots fire at 83rd and Hoover ... cop # 2 to he partner . ( continued ) 31 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) continued : ( 9 ) cop # 2 let 's go . off-screen radio talk from many respond unit ... 30a . 31 ( continued ) 31 32 10/2/03 mm revs. ( tan ) 31 . continued : ( 10 ) 31 cop # 1 ( to Max ; leave ) get that cab back to you garage ... the cop pile into they black - and - white and roar off into the night . Max and Vincent be leave stand , gaze across the cab at each other . vincent breathe . Max start deep - breathe as they get back in the cab ... CUT to : ext . HOTEL + penthouse - corpulent man - night 32 in a attorney suit with rapper client . vincent ( to himself ) I think Californians exercise ...? reveal Vincent look at he PC . Vincent pull from he briefcase a identity card for a notary Public and a second gun , a .45 Cal para - ordnance back up . he move the slide , check there 's a round in the chamber . Max hear metal on metal , look up . as Vincent holster it in the small of he back ... vincent ( cont 'd ) ( abrupt tone ) what be you lookin ' at ? he get out and enter the passenger seat next to Max in the front . vincent ( cont 'd ) hand on the wheel . ten and two . like they teach you in driver 's ed . max why ? ( continued ) 32 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 32 . continued : 32 vincent because I say so . Max grip the steering wheel . Vincent have plastic tie and proceed quickly and efficiently to bind Max 's hand to the steering wheel . vincent ( cont 'd ) cab 's a disgrace . no wonder the cop pull you over . on the way out of the car ... dispatch radio ( 0o.s. ) Max ? Max ? you out there , you son of a bitch ? Vincent look to Max ... vincent who ... be that ? max lenny , my dispatcher . lenny ( 0.s. ) I know you be out there ! answer the goddamn call ! vincent what happen if you do not ? max he will keep call . lenny ( 0.s. ) Max ? answer ! Vincent reach across Max , pull the mike off the dash , hold it up to Max 's mouth . vincent do not blow it . Max nod . Vincent thumb the toggle . max uh , yeah ? lenny ? it 's I . lenny ( 0.s. ) I get off the phone with the cop . a desk sergeant call to check you bring the cab in ... ( continued ) 32 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 silence as lenny wait for a reaction . Max and Vincent trade a look . Vincent shrug , thumb the toggle . say something . max yeah ? so ? lenny ( 0.s . ) so ? so , aside from I hate talk to cop , they tell I you crash the goddamn cab ? max it get crash ! I do not ... lenny ( 0.s. ) do I care what , where or why ? you be payin ' ! vincent it be a accident . you be not liable . ( tell he . ) max it be a accident . I be not liable . lenny ( 0.s . ) bullshit ! I be make you liable ! it 's comin ' outta you goddamn pocket ... Vincent stare at Max , expect he to respond . vincent tell he to stick the cab up he fat ass . max I can not do that . he 's the man . vincent so what ? max I need the job . vincent no you do not . lenny ( 0.s. ) you still there ? I be talk to you ! Max ? Max ? Vincent abruptly put the mike to he mouth , thumb the toggle . ( continued ) 32 continued : 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) ( 3 ) vincent he 's not pay you a damn thing ! 33A . 32 ( continued ) 32 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 34 . continued : ( 4 ) 32 lenny ( 0.s. ) who the hell be you ? Vincent glance up , tilt the visor down to see Annie 's business card . vincent Richard riccardo , Assistant U.S. Attorney . a passenger in this taxicab , and I be report you to the dmv ... lenny ( 0.s. ) ( beat ) let 's not get excited . vincent not excited ? how be I suppose to not get excited , listen to you try to extort a work man ? you know goddamn well you collision policy and general liability umbrella would cover the damage . what be you try to pull , you sarcastic prick ? lenny ( 0.s. ) I be just tryin ' to ...to ... vincent tell it to he . ( shift the mike ) tell he he 's a asshole . max ( hesitates ) you be a asshole . vincent tell he next time he pull any shit , you be gonna stick this yellow cab up he fat ass . max next time you pull any shit , I be gonna stick this yellow cab up you fat ass . Vincent click off , hang up the mike . look at max. beat . Max , tape to the steering wheel , nod . vincent ( smile ) do not wait up , hon . I gotta work late . ( continued ) 32 9/24/03 mm revs. ( green ) 34a . continued : ( 5 ) 32 he grab the ignition key , shut Max 's door , stroll away . ( continued ) 32 32a 32b 32c a32d 32d 10/2/03 mm revs. ( tan ) 35 . continued : ( 6 ) 32 Max watch in the sideview mirror as Vincent vanish into the building . Max be leave alone , trap in he own cab in the alley . Max jerk and strain against the duct tape , try to free he hand . he give up , breathe hard . omit 32a int . HOTEL , penthouse - night 32b the overweight lawyer , sylvester clarke , who we see on Vincent 's p.c. , separate from two girl and a second man , all watch tv , to answer a phone ... sylvester clarke he identify himself ? ( beat ) sure . let he up . int . lobby - vincent 32c in shade leave the Hotel Security and enter the elevator . meanwhile ... int . HOTEL , penthouse - sylvester clarke a32d cross towards the front door . ext . HOTEL - alley - moving in on max 32d he glance in the sideview , wonder where Vincent be , strain for a glimpse . nothing . just darkness back there ... mind racing ... max hey ! hey ! over here ! i'm in the cab ! hey ! help ! the street traffic 's distant ; nobody 's around . max ( cont 'd ) help ! goddamn it ! there be a man with a gun ! he's gonna kill people ! Max thrashes wildly against the duct tape , scream with frustration . he start head - but the car horn ... beeeeep ! beep - beeeeeeeep ! beeeeep ! beep -beep-beeeeeeeeep ! he raise he head , check the street traffic a quarter block away . no one on the sidewalk take notice of Max 's cab . ( continued ) ee ek 32d 10/2/03 mm revs. ( tan ) 35a . continued : 32d max ( cont 'd ) oh , fuck I . he shift low on the seat , get he knee under the dashboard . he slam he knee up , hit the red emergency light button conceal there . emergency strobe start flashing at the front and rear of the car ... .»+- and still nobody notice . max ( cont 'd ) goddamn it , i'm flashing like a christmas tree over here . he throw a look to the sideview mirror , sweaty and tense , know he 's out of time . ( continued ) 32d 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) 32d the sideview mirror in which we see Max 's reflect eye . second tick breathlessly away as he struggle ... he head butt the horn again . beep - beep . beeeep . flasher and horn ! meanwhile the angle shift in the mirror , leave Max 's eye and bring into view the building and the penthouse at the top and we see ... ... two silent muzzle flash light up the window like flashbulb go off . another death . then a third flash ... then nothing . light out . meanwhile ... max ( cont 'd ) oh shit , oh shit , oh shit . he be head - but the horn . beeeep . beep - beep . and he check the mirror . this time when he look , he see ... young white guy . 20 - 25 . they be on the sidewalk . now they detour into the alley and approach the distress cab from the back , shield they eye from Max 's flash light . max ( cont 'd ) oh. oh , thank God ! hey , hey , man , help I out here ! white guy # 1 yo , whassup ? max ( fast , stumbling ) I get my , my hand tape to the steering wheel , here , by this guy , who 's tape I in the car , ' cause he 's up in the building somewhere ... closer , now , the four be in baggy , hoodies and tattooe with lightning bolt on they neck , swastikas on chest , one have " 5150 " tattooe on he shaven eyebrow ( police code for emotionally disturb ) ... white guy # 2 you all trap in there and shit ? max ... yeah , he 's come back . hurry . get I loose so I can call the cop ... white guy # 1 nod ... and pull a chrome .380 and point it at Max . ( continued ) 9/22/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 36a . 32d continued : ( 3 ) 32d white guy # 1 fuck that , man , gimme you wallet . ( continued ) 9/22/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 37 . 32d continued : ( 4 ) 32d the other have walk off down the alley , laugh . one toss a beer bottle that smashes . utter disbelief from Max ... max be you kid I ? white guy # 1 I will fuck you up ! Hand it over . max ( beat ) my hand be tape to the damn steering wheel ! it take a moment for white guy # 1 to process this . he step to the window , press the .380 against Max 's cheek . it 's utterly terrifying , everything happen fast : max ( cont 'd ) .-. do not shoot I , do not shoot I ... white guy # 1 then get you ass up , up ... Max pull himself up by the steering wheel , try to get he butt off the seat to give the Young man access . the White guy # 1 grope for Max 's back pocket , try to get the wallet , press the gun to he face , the other guy down the alley , turn the corner . White guy # 1 pull Max 's wallet , pocket it ... ..- and pause , see Vincent 's briefcase on the back seat . he yank open the back door , grab Vincent 's briefcase , too , and walk off after he friend . White guy # 3 and # 4 turn the corner . White guy # 2 linger . Max , still tape , be shake . he can not believe what happen . he look through the windshield at ... white guy # 1 .».- walk off , cocky as hell , about to vanish into the night ... back of white guy # 1 vincent ( 0.s. ) yo ' homie ... White guy # 1 turn , to see the silhouette of Vincent . he raise he .380 side -hande , like he see gangster do on MTV . White guy # 2 join he . ( continued ) 32d 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 38 . continued : ( 5 ) 32d vincent ( cont 'd ) ( even ) that my briefcase ...? White guy # 1 approach Vincent from the front ... # 2 from Vincent 's leave . white guy # 2 may-be . and what the fuck else you get ? he close on Vincent with the .380 , hold high and on the side . Vincent 's leave slam aside # 1 's .380 . draw and fire from the hip , put two round into # 1 . hammer - on two round to the sternum , pivot . one to the head of # 2 . all in 1.6 second . White guy # 2 , fall backwards , be dead before he hit the ground . # 1 never see it come . Vincent pick up he case , retrieve something from # 1's pocket , put one more into the head of # 1 on the way back to the cab ... ... where Max see it all . frozen in horror . astonish . the rear door open . Vincent heft he briefcase into the back seat . he get into the front . Vincent sit for a moment , stare off , not look at Max . maybe ready to kill he . Vincent raise something into view . Max 's wallet . he toss it in Max 's lap . Vincent flick he hand . click -clack , a reeves fold hunter in dull metal , razor sharp ... vincent ( quietly ) where 's the button ? under the dash ? max ( dry whisper ) yeah . Vincent lean over and slice the plastic tie , freeing Max 's hand . beat . vincent you mind turn it off ? Max do not move for a moment , then reach under the dash and turn off the strobe . 33 33A 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 39 . int . cab - max + vincent ( traveling ) - night 33 Vincent in the back seat . ( juxtapose to a different continuity . through the side window , we see crenshaw boulevard barbershop , music shop . we be stop for a light . ) Max be shell - shocked . vincent another collateral . max what 's that ? vincent collateral damage . people in the wrong place at the wrong time . ( meet Max 's gaze ) and you ? you attract attention ? you be gonna get people kill who do not need to be . understand ? max I be low on gas ... vincent pull in there . ext . gas station , in STREET - taxi - night 33A pull by . time -lapse - macro -cu : number race by . widen . see Max fill up the taxi . Vincent be position off the right rear corner from where he be line - of - sight to everything . his affect be flat , distant . Max have witness violent death and the full , lethal capability of Vincent . neither say a word ... until softly ... max Vincent ? vincent yes , Max ? max be I collateral ? pause . a long one . vincent I have not decide . Max be silent . absorb this . Vincent check he watch . unexpectedly , he mood change up . ( continued ) * * 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 33A continued : vincent ( cont 'd ) but , hey ! New news . we be ahead of schedule . max huh ...? 39a . 33A ( continued ) 33 a 34 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) 33a vincent we get time to kill . ( fast change - down ) you like jazz ? max I be ... what ? sorry ? vincent Jazz . max not that much . vincent guy tell I about a place off crenshaw . leimert Park . all the West Coast great play there . dexter Gordon , thelonious monk , Chet Baker . like that ... ( off Max 's look ) buy you a drink . expand you horizon ... Max do not get Vincent 's mood up - change . cur to : ext . south union apartment build , alley - crime scene - 34 night cop and forensic technician . in the midst of it all be : Ray fanning . he wear he badge , visibly , now . we find he turn as he superior , richard weidner , 50 - ish , be enter the crime scene . weidner ... this informant of yours , what 's he name , ramone ? fanning ramone gallardo . suppose to take he for a drink . I come here , find this . weidner you be work he ? fanning four month ... a low - level player , he 's be feed I stuff on Felix . ( continued ) 34 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) continued : weidner reye -torrena ? forget Felix . fed be all over that . they do not want we anywhere near it . 40a . 34 ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 41 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 fanning since when be the lapd work for the feeb ? ( point up ) besides , ramone fly out a window . my c.i. fly out a window , he 's get Felix 's handprint on he ass . yes ? that make it ours . weidner ( as if to a child ) where 's the homicide , Ray ? where 's a body ? all we get be glass ... he spread he hand at the alley floor in a gesture that say " show I something besides glass . " female criminalist ( 0.s. ) and blood ... weidner huh ? female criminalist ( off look ) .--blood ...down here ... in the glass ... here 's some more ... a female criminalist ( sid ) examine the alley floor with Luminol and a handheld blacklight wand , pick out dark pattern . female criminalist ( cont 'd ) ... small splatter pattern here ... all over there ... shining flashlight pick out blood on the alley wall . fanning step to where the cab be park , stand in the middle of the blank spot surround by the glass , point down : fanning ramone fly out the window . go splat . here 's the glass . ( beat ) then some tire roll over it . weidner how 's that spell homicide ? maybe he jump . fanning sure . he 's depressed . so he jump four storey out a window onto he head . ( mimic ) ( more ) ( continued ) 10/11/03 mm revs . ( goldenrod ) 41a . 34 continued : ( 3 ) 34 fanning ( cont 'd ) '' wow , that feel better ! " pick himself up . " now , I think I will go on with the rest of my day ... " plainclothes cop ( 0.s. ) ( from above ) Ray ! catch ! two uniform cop have approach . ( continued ) 34 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 42 . continued : ( 4 ) 34 weidner and fanning glance up . a plainclothes cop be lean out of ramone 's break window , dangle a clear plastic baggy . he drop it . it come sailing down ... ..- right into fanning 's grasp . he glance down at it , show it to weidner ... tight on weidner ..- revealing two spend .45 cal . shell casing in the bag . weidner ( switch ) so , who 's get what ? any witness ? we be knock on door ? cop # 1 Old guy across the street , life above the deli ? say he see a cab park here earlier tonight . there be two guy work under the hood . weidner description . what do he see ? cop # 1 " kinda " see ... guy 's get glass like coke bottle . fanning do he " see " it or do he see eye dog see it ? cop # 1 late-model four-door Ford . yellow or orange . ( off fanning 's look ) maybe it be a taxi cab . weidner four thousand taxi in LA County . ( beat ) what else ...? that 's it . uniform go back to work . photographer show . he do not know what to shoot . ( continued ) 34 35 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 43 . continued : ( 5 ) 34 meanwhile , fanning , lose in think ... fanning remember fall , 2001 ? that Bay Area deal ? oakland . cabbie drive around all night . kill three people ... weidner then he flip out , put the gun to he head . so what ? fanning so the oakland PD detective , whatshisname , never buy it . weidner why ? fanning the cabbie have no criminal record . no history of mental illness . pop three people , then himself ? and the victim be not random . two be involved in some pharmaceutical scam ... ( off weidner 's look ) anyway , the detective always think there be somebody else in that cab . int . " daniel be " jazz club - night 35 Dark and elegant - in a early ' 60 's modern jazz kind of way with a low ceiling , small table , leatherette booth , history soak into the wall . a black man in he late 50' , daniel , be play a mute trumpet on stage with a quartet . customer be few , cluster at small table or at a few curve leather booth . the wall be line with great framed photo of jazz icon . at one table , we find Vincent and Max . Vincent about the music ... ( continued ) 35 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 44 . 35 vincent ...a little ' 60' , early mile thing happen ... max I never learn to listen to jazz . vincent you do not learn to listen ... anymore than you learn to breathe . open you ear . Vincent 's attention 's focus on the music . max I get a beat . I do not really hear a melody ... vincent ..- he 's off the melody , behind the note . outside what 's expect . improvise off impulse . kind of like tonight . max like tonight ? vincent sure . ( beat ) this be nothing , if not " what 's next ? right now . in the moment . " ( beat ) there 's people ... ten year from now ? same job , same place , same shit . everything the same ; keepin ' it safe . over and over and over and over ... ( beat ) " ten year from now ? " man , you do not know where you will be ... ten minute from now ... tonight . ( beat ; be : saxophonist ) that 's what he 's say . open you ear . you will hear it ... in he '' dialogue " with the trumpet ... the waitress arrive , a asian woman with a tray of drink : waitress ' nother vodka tonic , hon ? ( continued ) * % ee ek % he HH HH HH HH HH HH hk 35 10/4/03 mm revs . continued : ( 2 ) vincent and one for my friend . ( indicate stage ) who 's on the tenor sax ? ( blue ) 45 . 35 be so kind waitress that 's Daniel , baby , he 's the owner . vincent he be terrific . would you as to invite he over after he set ? I gotta buy he a drink . waitress sure thing , darlin' ... Vincent give she a radiant smile and into she apron as she leave ... tuck a twenty dollar bill timecut : ..- and we find Daniel share more than a few drink with Vincent and Max , they . daniel the place almost close . just the three of ... I be a young cat back then , about nineteen , bussin ' table . right here . do not pay but shit , but that be not the point . be around the music , that be the thing . and I be . take this one night ... July 22 , 1964 ... who walk in . Mr. Louis armstrong . vincent you be kid I . daniel right through that door . the man himself . vincent Jesus ... daniel he be in town play two gig a night at the coconut Grove in the ambassador Hotel ... after he last set , he decide to come on down to South Central to hang with he people . that 's how he be , you see . never forget who we be . all that ? meant nothin ' , could blow that horn . ( more ) money and fame a ' long as he ( continued ) * 35 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 46 . ( 3 ) daniel ( cont 'd ) so before you know it , he 's up on that stage , doin ' he thing . vincent be it great ? better than great , it have to be ... daniel like Winton marsalis say , it be pure , spiritual essence . Louis be play . God be smile . vincent you hear armstrong play live . I have never be this jealous . you get to talk to he ? daniel do better and that . Vincent give he a question look . Daniel smile , raise hand , mime blow a trumpet . vincent no . daniel oh , my , yes . vincent c'mon ... daniel fella own this place back then , cat name dix dwyer , he let slip to Louis that I play . so pop , he just wave I right up . my heart about stop . but I get up there all the same , and we play for nearly twenty minute . vincent unbelievable ... ( to Max ) ... you hearing this ? Max be draw into the story in spite of himself : max how would you do ? daniel how do you think ? you be not shit when you play next to Louis armstrong . but , dippermouth , he be kind . he could see I try . he carry my ass as best he could . ( continue 35 he D ) 35 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 47 . continued : ( 4 ) vincent remember what you play ? daniel most vividly . ( tick they off ) " potato head blue , " " sleepy time down South ... " ( laugh ) ... then pop laid some " cornet chop suey " on I , and leave I in the dust like a whipped dog . vincent whipped dog ? daniel whipped dog on a wet night . vincent crowd dig it ? daniel ( smile , nod ) the crowd be most kind . ( beat ) I be bear in 1945 , but that be the moment of my conception . right here in the use - to - be crowded room . Daniel pick up the bottle to freshen up they drink ... vincent crowd not here now ? daniel oh , jazz be not the draw it use to be . vincent but the place look great . daniel only ' cause I get the wherewithal to finance keepin ' it up on my own . vincent what a great story . i'1l tell the folk in culiacan and bogota that story . ..- and Daniel 's hand freeze just as he 's about to pour . glance up at Vincent . 35 he ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 47a . 35 35 continued : ( 5 ) daniel you know the people in culiacan and bogota ? vincent ( softly ) ' fraid so . Max be glance from one to the other , unsure what 's go on . realizing it be not good . ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 48 . 35 continued : ( 6 ) 35 daniel and here I think you be such a cool guy . vincent I be a cool guy . with a job I be hire to do . you know how it be . there 's genuine regret in Vincent 's tone . Max feel he heart pound , but manage to keep he voice steady : max let he go , Vincent . vincent I be work here . max you be the one who keep talk about go with the flow . you like the man , you like the way he play . how about a little jazz , huh ? vincent improvisation ? that 's funny from you . ( think about it , look to Daniel ) okay , some jazz for the jazz man . how 's this ? i'11 ask a question ? daniel what question ? vincent Jazz question . you get it right , we roll . you disappear . tonight . you do not go home , you do not pack a bag , you leave town ... and nobody , I mean nobody , ever hear from you or see you again . daniel how do I know you will keep you word ? vincent I never lie . ask Max . Max , have I lie ? Daniel look to Max . hope , fear , and desperation in the older man 's face . max no. no . he have not lie ... ( continued ) 35 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 49 . ( 7 ) Daniel absorb this , look back to Vincent . Vincent nod . we have a deal . he ease something from he waistband . daniel means you be a man who life on reputation . ( beat ) I will take you word . and I will give you mine . if I walk out of here tonight , I would go so far away , it would be just like I be dead . Max know . his heart be in he throat . daniel ( cont 'd ) and one more thing . that guy and they man , here , what 's he name , Felix ? vincent yeah . daniel tell they , if by some chance I get this wrong ... you tell they I have to . they laid a grant of immunity on I . so it be flip and play ball or go back inside . I be not goin ' back inside . vincent sure . Daniel pour himself that drink . he lift he shot glass , tremble slightly , knock it back . set the glass down . daniel Lay it on . vincent it 's simple . what be Louis ' first musical instrument ? daniel I know all there be to know about Louis . vincent then let 's have it . Daniel hesitates . 35 hand ( continued ) * % he eh hk 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 49a . 35 continued : ( 8 ) 35 max ( blurt out ) it be a trumpet ! be not it ? be not it a trumpet ? Daniel shake he head . daniel coronet . buy it from a New Orleans pawnshop when he be a kid . ( more ) ( continued ) 35 36 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 50 . continued : ( 9 ) 35 daniel ( cont 'd ) cost he five dollar . get a two - dollar advance on he salary froma fine jewish family he work for , save up the rest . a freeze moment . a endless pause . Max not even breathe , stare at Vincent , wait ... »..a beat of regret ... ..- and Vincent 's gun come up so fast , Max do not even see it . three SMALL pop . a different gun : .22 caliber ruger with a thick , silent barrel . Three small hole . and Daniel 's head fall forward . Vincent catch it , arrange Daniel 's arm so that Daniel 's head rest on they as if he 's take a nap . and Vincent do it gently , almost regretfully . a red mist of blood swirl in the air . Max be stunne beyond word , and powder - burn at such close range . silence now . no one 's notice . the waitress be in the kitchen . softly : vincent tin horn . cost he a dime . rode the junk wagon and play for the neighborhood . people sell they stuff . rags . bottle . whatever . Max sit freeze , unable to move ... CUT to : ext . STREET outside jazz club - night 36 .».- and they exit the club . Vincent head for the cab , turn and see Max stand there . vincent let 's go . max no. vincent what you mean , no ? max I be do . find another cab . Max turn , walk away . Vincent blink at he , almost laugh . ( continued ) 36 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 51 . continued : 36 vincent Max ? max leave I alone . ( shouting ) I be collateral anyway , so do it and stop make I a part of this ! ( beat ) i_do not wanna know you ! Vincent grab the back of he collar , slam he against the wall . Max 's neck be a centimeter from break . they face be inch apart . vincent ( low , threaten ) I be not play . max you play he , man . ( off Vincent 's look ) he get the answer right , would you have let he go ? the question hang in the air . before Vincent can answer , the dispatch radio crackle : lenny ( filter ) Max ? maaax . pick up , you dipshit . vincent what be it with this guy ? lenny ( filter ) maaaaaax ! Vincent spin Max , control he , as he propel he to the cab , slam he against the fender . Vincent release he , point at he . do not move . he reach into the cab , pull out the radio mike , click it on . vincent you hassling my man again ? lenny who be you ? ( continued ) * 36 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) continued : ( 2 ) vincent same fare you talk to last time . lenny ( filter ) what be you guy , take a all - night tour ? vincent we be gay lover , what 's it to you ? lenny ( filter ) nothing ! aside from every night Max 's mother drive I crazy , I be dancin ' on a rainbow ! May he come on the line , please . vincent hang on . ( to Max ) carefully ... Max take the hand mike , click it on . max yeah ? lenny ( filter ) you mother 's call every ten minute . why do not he show ? be you all right ? where be you ? vincent ( whisper ) show for what ? max ( ignore he ) tell she I can not make it tonight , okay ? lenny ( filter ) what be I , related to you ? you tell she yourself ! lenny click off . Dead air . vincent show up for what ? max she 's in the hospital . 52 . 36 ( continued ) 36 37 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 53 . continued : ( 3 ) 36 vincent you visit every night ? max yeah . what difference do it make ? vincent Cause if you do not show it break a routine . max so ? vincent so people start look for you , this cab . that be not good . max no . I can not take you to see my mother ... vincent since when be any of this negotiable ? cur to : int . hospital - entrance - night 37 Stark corridor , queasy fluorescent lighting , patient and staff member . a row of injured people be seat along one wall , wait for attention . the automatic door swing open . Max and Vincent enter , the briefcase hold at Vincent 's side . as they enter and proceed up the corridor ... vincent stay three pace in front of I and one to my leave ... Max , see the innocent people along the wall , comply . Vincent see in the ceiling a security camera mount in a perspex hemisphere and avert he face towards Max ... vincent ( cont 'd ) Flowers ? Max turn , see a row of flower bouquet at the gift counter . max waste of money . wo not mean a thing to she . Vincent pull a arrangement , toss the flower to Max , pull he wallet to pay . ( continued ) 37 continued : 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) vincent ( sincere ) she carry you in she womb for nine month . 53a . 37 38 38a 39 40 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 54 . int . hallway - night 38 the elevator arrive . Vincent and Max get on . Vincent press the button and the door start to close ... man' voice hold , please ... Vincent put he hand out , stop the door . a man slide in the elevator with they ... int . the elevator 38 a .-.. and turn around . detective Ray fanning . he do not see Max in the back corner . his back be to he . fanning five . thanks . Vincent hit the button . the door close . the three of they ride up in that awkward silence you only ever experience with stranger in elevator . he glance to Vincent at the control panel , nod . vincent have a good night ? fanning mezzo-mezzo . you ? Vincent nod . make do . the elevator stop . Vincent and Max get off to the right . fanning continue riding up one more floor ... int . fifth floor hospital corridor - elevator door - night 39 open . fanning get off , turn a corner . see a sign indicate " morgue . " int . hospital room , lower floor - max - night 40 ( possibly include corridor ) enter with the flower . Vincent appear behind he , hover in the doorway . Max move toward the bed ... ..- where ida rilke lie hook up to a heart monitor , a clear plastic oxygen mask over she mouth . she open she eye . max hi , ma. ( continued ) 40 continued : 9/29/03 mm revs . ida I have be call and call . ( salmon ) 54a . 40 ( continued ) 40 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) ( 2 ) max I get catch up at work . ida why could not you call I on the telephone ? I be lie here , wonder if something horrible happen to you ... max ( to cut she off ) I bring you flower . ida what be I gonna do with flower ? max you be gonna cheer up . ida how ? by worry ... ( wheeze ) ... that you spend money on thing ... that all they be gonna do be will and die ? max ( to Vincent ) see ? ( to ida , defensively ) I do not buy them . he do . ida who ? come in . what I get be not contagious . ( beat ) why do not you tell I we have company ? ( to Vincent ) and what 's you name ? sorry . my son be rude . vincent no harm do , madam . 55 . 40 ee ek * ee ek she take the flower from Max , make a fuss over they : ida you pay for my flower ? they be beautiful . Max , will you introduce we ? ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 56 . 40 continued : ( 3 ) 40 max Mom , Vincent . Vincent , my mother , ida . Vincent set he briefcase by the door , approach the bed , offer he hand . she take it . he glow with charisma . vincent I be really happy to meet you , Mrs. rilke . ida oh , call I ida . to what do we owe this pleasure ? Vincent sit in the chair at bedside . vincent well , I be with Max when he get the call . ida and you come all the way here to see I ? vincent it 's nothing . ida tell my son . you have to hold a gun to he head to get he to do anything . vincent tell I about it . Vincent lean in , help she adjust she pillow . ida you must be a important client of Max 's . this catch Vincent slightly off guard . he glance to Max . vincent client ? I like to think of myself as he friend . a mentor . ida Max never have many friend . always talk to himself in the mirror ... it 's unhealthy . max hey , mom . how many time do I have to ask you not to do that ? ( continued ) 40 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) ( 4 ) ida do what ? max talk about I like ... I be ...not ... in the room , here . ida ( to Vincent ) what 's he sayin ' ? vincent ida , he say he 's stand right here . in the room . here . ida ( to Max ) yess , you be , honey . ( back to Vincent ) he 's sensitive . vincent I know . but I be sure you be proud of he . ida ( direct at Max ) of course I be proud . you know , he start with nothing . look at he today . here. vegas. reno ... Vincent look at Max ... squirming under the exposure . max Mom , Vincent 's not interested . ( to Vincent ) let 's go . vincent no . I be interested . ida what 's you name , again ? vincent Vincent ... 57 . 40 ( continued ) 40 40 a 40 B 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 58 . continued : ( 5 ) 40 max I come to see you . I see you . you look fine . let 's go . he 's kiss she and want to get out of there . ida limousine company . vincent yeah ? ida he drive famous people around , you know ? vincent limousine company ? what a achievement ... Max head for the door ... ida visit again ? vincent I be only in town tonight . ida when you come back ? vincent sure . I promise . ida well , nice to meet you , Vincent . he turn to find Max go . he look down , eye widen . so_ be the briefcase . Vincent race out into ... int . the hallway 40 a .».- and spin around , frantically try to see where Max go . nothing but a few patient and hospital staff ... ---and_a door mark " stair " swinging shut at the end of the hallway . he run in that direction ... int . hospital stairwell 40b Vincent burst through the door into the stairwell , hearing running footstep below . he peer over the railing ... ( continued ) 40 B 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 58a . continued : 40b .».. and see Max three flight down . Max freeze , look up , clutching the briefcase . a moment of eye contact ... vincent stop or I will go back and kill she . max you would do she a favor . ...- and Max keep go , vanish from view . Vincent take off after he , plunging down the stair at breakneck speed ... vincent I will tell she the truth ! ( continued ) 40 B 41 42 42a 42b 42c 42d 43 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 59 . continued : ( 2 ) 40 B moving with max careen dizzily down the step with the briefcase , hurtle from one landing to the next , footstep echoing on concrete . moving with vincent racing down the step like a madman , yanking he h+k from under he jacket ... ext . hospital - on rear door - night ( optional ) 41 Max come through the stairway door , racing like crazy along a row of huge roaring industrial washer , try to make it to the exit door at the far end ... .».- and Vincent burst from the stairwell in pursuit , pause to whip he h + k up in a two -hande grip , aim down the length of the laundry room ... ..- as Max vanish through the exit door at the far end . ext . hospital / on rear door - night 42 Max race out . omit 42a int . hospital stairwell - vincent 42b racing down the stair ... ext . hospital - rear door - vincent 42c burst through parking lot . ext . hospital - wide : vincent ( vfx ) 42d see Vincent at end of parking lot run towards we . pan left to Max run up a walkway over the freeway . ext . pedestrian bridge - max 43 run to camera along the bridge which we now reveal be above and ... over the freeway Max run up , exhaust . the stream of light beneath they . Max swing the briefcase back , prepare to hurl it ... vincent do not ! ( continued ) 43 9/21/03 mm revs. continued : ( pink ) 59a . 43 .-- and Vincent 's h+k be aim at Max . Max look back , see Vincent , gun aim at he ... vincent ( cont 'd ) red-light-green-light , Max . a heartbeat . a hesitation . and then ... ( continued ) 43 44 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 max bullshit . ..- Max hurl the briefcase with all he might . Vincent watch in horror as it spin lazily through the air and crash onto the freeway below where it 's run over , flip in the air , be hit by a truck and the tablet PC be de -construct into useless piece of plastic and silicone . Vincent approach . vincent ( hiss ) what the fuck be that ? max Jazz . Max be suddenly on the ground , not know how he get there , about to die . Vincent , above , stare at Max . vincent you be screwing ... with my work ! my prep be in there . I be come up on number four . the night be no longer young . be we get adversarial ? each syllable like a bullet . should Vincent kill he ? then , almost admire ... vincent ( cont 'd ) do not know you could do that ... ( beat ) let 's see what else you can do . ..- and he pull Max to he foot . CUT to : int . hospital morgue - night 44 fanning 's in the " cold room " with a morgue attendant . attendant ( check he clipboard ) we have have three come in tonight . two John do . maybe one 's you guy . the attendant nod at the first of four plastic - wrapped corpse lie on stainless steel table . fanning draw the sheet back : homeless man with a beard . fanning no. not ramone . ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 61 . continued : 44 the attendant make a notation on he clipboard . fanning nod at the next corpse . fanning ( cont 'd ) try that one . the attendant draw the sheet back . it 's the younger man who mug Max _and take Vincent 's briefcase . fanning ( cont 'd ) no. next ... attendant that 's what 's funny . this three come in within half a hour of each other . and the kid and that last guy ( number 4 ) ... they be do by the same shooter . fanning why do you say that ? fanning get alert . attendant same wound pattern . two in the sternum . one in the head . add this cat 's shoot tight group . ( indicate chest ) double tap be a couple millimeter apart . intrigue , fanning step to the fourth corpse . attendant draw the sheet back . fanning stare down at the dead face . instant recognition . int . hospital hallway + autopsy room - minute later 45 fanning be on a pay phone , amp up , talk with Richard * weidner . ( weidner 's at home , perch on the edge of he bed , in * a crowded bedroom overlook macarthur Park or palm tree and city light , rub the sleep from he eye . intercut as need : ) fanning ... yeah , I be still at mlk . the John doe do not pan out . not ramone . but you will never guess who else be in the meat locker . weidner * elvis presley ? ( continued ) 45 continued : 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) fanning sylvester Clarke . criminal - lawyer turn lawyer-criminal ? 61a . 45 ( continued ) 45 46 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) continued : ( 2 ) weidner " sly " to he client ... fanning ... include my high-dive informant , ramone , who he represent , who 's still miss . both of whom be in the exotic-substances business ... weidner ramone and " sly " Clarke in one night ? fanning in one night . something bad be go down . and I do not think the feeb know about it ... 62 . 45 weidner hang up , haul himself off the bed as we ... CUT to : int . max's cab , traveling - max - night 46 Max drive in self - conscious silence , feel Vincent 's gaze on the back of he neck . vincent limo , huh ? max do not start . Vincent enter text into a cell phone / pager . vincent hey , I be not the one lie to my mother . max she hear what she want to hear . I do not disillusion she . vincent yeah , right . maybe she hear what you tell she . Vincent send . wait . ( continued ) 46 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) max whatever I tell she 's never good enough . it 's always be that way ... my three older brother ... they wife make them move outta town . Vincent close the pager / cell . vincent you be goin ' to a place call El rodeo . it 's on whittier boulevard in Anaheim . max where on whittier ? vincent look it up . max what 's at El rodeo ? vincent just drive . ( beat ) they project onto you they flaw , what they do not like about themselves , they life , whatever . and then they rank on you , instead ... max how do you know ? vincent I have a father like that . max mother be worse . vincent mine die when I be one . max what happen ? vincent he hate whatever I do . get drunk . beat I up all the time . max then what ? vincent ( intimate ) I kill he . I be 12 . ( more ) 63. 46 ( continued ) 46 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) ( 2 ) vincent ( cont 'd ) he be the first . ( off Max 's look ) I be kid . he die of liver cancer . max I be sorry . 63a . 46 ( continued ) 46 47 48 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 64 . continued : ( 3 ) 46 vincent no you be not . ( beat ) so drive this cab " temporarily " be all bullshit ...? max it 's not bullshit . vincent twelve year be not temporary . max you gotta get cash together . insurance , bond , maintenance , tire . staff-up . client list . it 's not get the car , put ass on seat . vincent why not ? max ' Cause Island limo will be more than a ride ... like a club experience , a cool groove you do not want to end . like that . so it 's gotta be perfect . perfect . vincent uh-huh . max plus I get bill . she 's be die of the disease since I be in high school ... ext . EL rodeo night club ( anaheim ) - night 47 headlights pull through the jamme lot . Max 's cab . and it pull past the entrance to a parking slot near the alley . int . cab - night 48 vincent here 's good . Max back in , cut the engine . Vincent check it out , conceal himself as much as possible in the shadow of the back seat . vincent ( cont 'd ) gimme you wallet . max why ? ( continued ) 9/14/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 64a . 48 continued : 48 Vincent snap he finger impatiently . Max pull he wallet , pass it back . ( continued ) 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 65 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 vincent I will hold it for you in case they search you . max in case who search ? Vincent nod toward El rodeo . vincent the people inside . go in and ask for Felix . he 's expect you . max Felix ? okay . what 's he look like ? vincent dunno . never meet he . max who be he ? vincent he 's from who hire I . max I do not get it . vincent you destroy my work -up . and number four be due . whatta you think , night 's over ? call on account of rain ? ( beat ) go be I . in there . score the backup . he will have them on a flash drive or CD ... max ( appal ) why I ? I can not . why do not you go ? vincent they do not know what I look like . and I do not meet people . like in risk management . protect anonymity . and you be not go to screw that up . max how be I gonna be you ? ( continued ) 48 continued : 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) ( 3 ) vincent Max , who 's SoCal cab company ? Ralph SoCal ? max no. vincent ever meet the owner ? max no. vincent well , I do not work for they . I work for they boss . they do not get to meet I , either . max if ... if I do not pull it off ...? vincent they be gonna kill you . ( shrug ) you get ten minute . 10:01 ? I drive the cab to the hospital and execute you mother on my way out of town ... and do not pretend indifference . max I can not do this . vincent you throw my PC onto the freeway . you have get ball bigger than Toledo . max if I pull it off , it 's gonna get other people kill ... vincent out of option , Max . take comfort in know you never have a choice . max uh , how long you be doin ' this ? vincent why ? max in case he ask . vincent private sector ? six year . 66 . 48 ( continued ) 48 49 50 50 a 50 B 51 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 67 . continued : ( 4 ) 48 max you get benefit ? vincent no . nor pay sick leave . quit stalling . get out of the cab . Max hesitates , open the door , get out ... ext . STREET - long lens : max - night 49 cross towards the entrance . fed # 1 ( 0.s. ) who be this ? fed # 2 ( 0.s. ) not julio iglesias ... ... and we hear whirring . angle pull back ... int . surveillance location - night 50 reveal federal agent cluster loosely at a row of monitor , in a hard location . on the monitor be multiple view of El rodeo 's exterior entrance , two nd home , the interior of two nd car . one agent watch Max cross to the El rodeo entrance . the room be litter with surveillance equipment and pizza box . senior agent frank pedrosa , permanently agitate , stand . the camera on Max zoom in , tracking he . ext . STREET outside " EL rodeo " - parking lot , four - 50a fixture light stand move closer . reveal it 's a camouflage housing , hold a video surveillance camera that right now pan and zoom in on Max . agent # 1 ( 0.s. ) Mark the time . int . surveillance location - pedrosa 50b react to a soft knock on the door . fanning and weidner be ushere in . pedrosa glance at they , motion " hang on a second , " as he stare at the monitor . int . EL rodeo , entrance - night 51 entrance do not have a crowd wait to get in past disco bouncer . only light traffic flow in and out . but , it do have extensive security . Max , hide he terror , step up to two man at the door . ( continued ) 51 continued : yeah . 9/29/03 mm revs . man # 1 ( salmon ) 67a . 51 ( continued ) 51 52 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 68 . continued : ( 2 ) 51 max uh , hi ... man # 2 que pasa ? wha 's up , home ? max I be here to see Felix . he have something for I . man # 2 ( cold , believable ) do not know no Felix . that 's it . Max fail . he will not make it past the front door . max uh. say ... say it 's Vincent . I be Vincent . the two man trade surprised look . suddenly cautious and respectful . they lead Max inside . int . surveillance location - night 52 pedrosa watch the group exit into El rodeo , then turn to fanning and weidner for quick introduction : weidner Lt. Richard weidner . lapd . Major narcotics division . fanning detective Ray fanning . lapd . Major nar ... pedrosa ( interrupt , shaking hand ) yeah , hi , okay . agent Frank pedrosa . weidner thanks for see we ... pedrosa yeah . you be welcome . how can I help ? what 's up ? why do you wanna know about we case ? fanning have there be any unusual activity tonight ? pedrosa as in ... ( continued ) 52 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 68a . continued : 52 fanning as in a murder or maybe a murder spree in wilshire Central . pedrosa all quiet on the western front . various people be asleep . various people be not . they come and go in car , pickup and taxi . other than that , we be watch air move . ( repeat ) ... you interest in we case ? fanning trade a surprised look with weidner . a taxi ? fanning gesture . pedrosa nod okay . fanning rush to the monitor , see Max 's cab peek out from behind the corner of the building . fanning Hood 's all beat to shit . weidner 's fumble on he cell phone , out , already dial . pedrosa on what ?! fanning on that . ( continued ) ee ek 52 53 54 10/4/03 mm revs. ( blue ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 52 weidner what 's the license number ? technician on the joystick pan a remote camera to the cab , pull out he notebook and scribbling down the number ... int . " EL rodeo " - night 53 .»-.as Max be lead into a cavernous , blue Day - glo sinaloan disco . and they move through dancer , in sinaloan style : white cowboy hat , jeans , braid key chain , endangered - species cowboy boot . hot lady in spandex and other couture by Earl scheib . as they approach a row of booth opposite a mural of famous corrida singer ... more sophisticated security appear . paco pat down Max . another , rubio , cautiously cover he . then ... max be lead to a booth in which sit felix reye -torrena . felix - unlike El rodeo 's population - wear Hermes buy in Paris . reserved elegance ... felix I think you would be taller . he 's not invite to sit . felix ( cont 'd ) anyway I look at this , I see only one thing . I see one thing with you . here . tonight . I see trouble . gesture ... Max sit , force himself to meet Felix 's gaze . felix so. Vincent . explain ... meanwhile ... int . surveillance location - monitor - night 54 replays Max 's entrance . it 's enhance and the audio be filter , eliminate rf interference and background noise . we and they hear ... man # 2 do not know no Felix . max I be Vincent ... ( continued ) 54 55 9/1/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 70 . continued : 54 the reaction in the room be electric . fed # 3 do he say " Vincent ? " int . EL rodeo - night 55 felix ( light complaint ) Vincent do not meet people . the jefe in culiacan , bogota , maybe . but he will not talk to you . but , now you be here . okay . why ? for a moment it look like Max be not even go to get the word out . pause . max I lose my stuff . felix " stuff " ? you " stuff " ? max yeah . felix I want you to listen to I real well . ( beat ) special team put together that list of ... " dedo . " max dedo ? felix finger . informant . ( litany ) signal intercept , voice-recognizing software , surveillance ... very expensive counterintel produce that list . ( beat ) a important list , would not you say ? and you " lose " it ? max I be sorry . felix sorry ? sorry do not put back together again Humpty dumpty ... ( continued ) ee ek he eh hk 55 9/1/03 mm revs. continued : Max be nearly pissing himself . ( yellow ) 70a . 55 ( continued ) 55 9/3/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 55 felix ( cont 'd ) do you believe in Humpty dumpty ? Felix make eye contact to paco . paco nod . rubio , next to he , have he hand on a smg and move right to get a better line of fire on Max . max no. felix do you believe in Santa Claus ? max no. felix neither do i. ( beat ) but my child do . they be still small . but do you know who they like even better than Santa Claus ? his helper , pedro negro . Black Peter . there 's a old mexican tale that tell of how Santa Claus get so very busy look out for the good child that he have to hire some help to look out for the bad child . so he hire pedro . and Santa Claus give hima list with all the name of all the bad child , and pedro would come every night to check they out . and the people , the little kid that be misbehave , that be not say they prayer , pedro would leave a little wooden donkey on they window . and he would come back and if the child be still misbehave , he would take they away and nobody would ever see they again . now , if I be Santa Claus and you be pedro , how do you think jolly old Santa Claus would feel if one day pedro come into he office and say , ' I lose the list . '? how fucking furious do you think Santa Claus would get ?! paco 's gun be visible . Safety click off rubio 's smg . felix ( cont 'd ) so tell I , Vincent . tell I what you think . max I think ... ( continued ) 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 72 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 he can not finish . felix what ? max I think ... ( to security ) ... I think you should tell the man behind I to put that gun away . felix what do you say ? max ( low , tight ) I say . tell he to put the gun away . before I take it and beat he bitch ass to death with it . Felix ease back , measure Max . max ( cont 'd ) I pick up a tail . felix Federal ? max you tell I . how do I know ? so I toss the list and work - up to protect ... in part ... ( see he clothes ) ... you Hermes , facconable sorry ass . Felix consider " Max . " max ( cont 'd ) you think I like comin ' here ? like I get stupid all of a instant ? shit happen . you gotta roll with it . darwin . I ching ... felix have , uh ... max the fat man . the penthouse guy . the jazz man . it leave two . felix ( check he watch ) can you finish ? ( continued ) 55 56 57 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 73. continued : ( 4 ) 55 max in six year , have I ever not ? meanwhile ... int . surveillance location - night 56 ..- while the fed go apeshit at what they have be tell . meanwhile , weidner answer he cell ... pedrosa ... be you tell I ramone gallardo and sylvester Clarke be murder tonight ? both kill ...? fanning ... sylvester for sure , ramone ... weidner ( interrupt ) we get another d.o.a . one " Daniel Baker " in South Central ... fed # 3 that 's three ? he kill three in one night ? weidner Three what ? fed # 3 look at pedrosa . mute . pedrosa Three witness . ( beat ) for a secret grand jury , secret my ass ... fanning so who 's leave ? before you lose they , too ... int . EL rodeo - night 57 in a carry case , a ruggedize PC be bring to the table . Felix turn it on . enter a password . download two " file " ( target # 4 and # 5 ) into a flash drive in the usb port . felix the last two ... Felix unplug the flash drive and push it across to Max . Max take it . they eye meet . ( continued ) 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 57 continued : felix ( cont 'd ) do not fail . max I never do . Felix release the flash ram . Max rise ... 73a . 57 ( continued ) 57 58 59 continued : Felix nod . 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 74 . ( 2 ) 57 max ( cont 'd ) and as a token of appreciation ... I want to offer you a discount . yeah . all my service , here , tonight ... twenty - five percent off . felix twenty -five ? max Hell , make it fifty . felix very generous . max ( beat ) by the way . Daniel say he be sorry . Max turn and walk out . the moment he 's go , Felix glance to paco . they be give he question look . they rise . felix ( in Spanish ) go to fever . he 's meet I . if it begin to go wrong , close he eye . he can not fall into they hand ... ext . EL rodeo - max 58 exit , take in a deep breath of night air , stunne that he 's still alive ... int . surveillance location - monitor 59 the fed swarm , remotely zooming and capture image , everybody talk at once ... all the feds ( chaotic , ad lib ) ...- he face , make sure you get he face ... Vincent the ghost ... too grainy , too much noise ... plus twelve db of gain , you get noise or you get no image ... you get this ? ... yeah ... angle shift to fanning , cell phone to he ear , try to block out the noise as : ( continued ) 59 60 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 75 . continued : 59 fanning ... yeah , uh-huh ... African - american , medium build , dark hair ... be you sure ? meanwhile , pedrosa have separate from the group and on both a hard line and a nextel be speak urgently ... pedrosa ( into nextel ) la101 to chase unit ... I want a three - car revolve tail on that cab . la102 be on he , now , at El rodeo . we will do a take - down of the cab with Vincent in it before he get where he 's go . ( into hard line ) locate we witness , Peter yip ... wife , girlfriend , mommy , daddy , whatever . get he evacuate . get he safe . ( into nextel ) on the cab , the assault team , when they be in place , will do the take - down . do not spook he before . I want Air support up and to maintain at 1,500 foot . meanwhile ... fanning ( into cell phone ) e-mail I he license . okay ? I will wait ... ( to weidner ) anybody else in that cab ? weidner can not tell from the angle of the surveillance camera . in the street below , Max walk to the cab ... int . cab - max 60 ..-. get in behind the wheel , feel limp . he let out a slow breath , reluctantly pass the flash drive to Vincent , who already have Max 's PC rip from the dash and in the back seat . Vincent plug the flash drive into the usb port . the icon appear . Vincent double click the cursor on it . vincent Vegas odd would have compel a " do not pass " bet on you walk out of there ... max ... I be very impressed . ( continued ) he he hk 60 continued : Vincent enter a code . 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) he see what he need . 75a . 60 ( continued ) 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 60 continued : ( 2 ) vincent Washington boulevard . after-hour dance club near crenshaw call " fever . " know it ? max twelve minute . 76 . 60 Vincent quit the flash drive , look at Max . Max start the car and pull out ... 61 int . max's cab - vincent look at Max through the rearview mirror . vincent you will be late . jump on the freeway and get I to the 105 west . max why ? vincent do it . 62 int . surveillance location - night 61 62 while the fed be depart to interdict the killer before he can take they next witness , fanning be try to get a word in edgewise to a fast - walk pedrosa ... fanning ... accord to the cab company 's dispatcher , this cabbie 's be drive that cab for twelve year ... pedrosa so what ? fanning ... so , you be tell I this cabbie walk into a phone booth and , shazaam , change into a meat-eater , super - assassin ? what 's he do , squeeze ‘em in between fare ? pedrosa no. cabdriver Max be float down a storm drain . he be stuff in the trunk of a cab . he be be devoure by flesh -eate stretococcus ... fanning display on he cell phone Max 's picture from the dmv on Max 's license . it 's blurred , low-re . ( continued ) 62 continued : 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) fanning the guy , who walk out , this guy ...! look like 76a . 62 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 77 . 63 ext . surveillance location rear loading dock 63 .».- and come down the step , fast , fanning and weidner at they heel . talk over he shoulder ... pedrosa ' Cause he pick a cabdriver who look like he ... fanning what 's Vincent look like ? pedrosa who know . he 's a ghost ... Vincent 's not even he name . fanning I do not know ... pedrosa we do. ( nod to fed # 1 ) fed # 1 we see private- sector security work for cartel group in colombia , Russia , Mexico ... hire ex- special force type , ex -kgb all the time ... pedrosa guy with trigger time , skill set ... real tradecraft ... ( beat ) ..- like , look like a " cabdriver . " they near they car ... fanning what be you gonna do ? pedrosa take down he ass . save we witness . -..as pedrosa and other fed climb into a cadillac and a buick and a third car . fanning what if they be wrong ? weidner the guy identify himself as " Vincent " and just meet with the bad people ! ( continued ) 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 77a . 63 continued : 63 fanning bullshit . there be something else go on . weidner it 's not we game ! CUT to : 63a 64 64a 64b a64c 64c 65 65 a 66 66a 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 78 . int . max be cab - rear shot over max - night 63a to the 405 south on - ramp to the 105 west . plus profile ( L to R ) + frontal drive shot of cab to a off-ramp . int . lax parking structure - max be cab - night ( gary 64 airport shot ) enter and drive past cam into the interior . be Vincent parking and leave early ? various location + angle inside parking structure ... Max 's cab drive up ramp under white strip of neon and cross the bridge to the adjacent parking structure at the northwest corner of the parking area across from the Bradley Terminal . int . lax parking - FBI monte carlo 64a dart in after Max 's cab ... hesitates , keep a distance ... see it 's clear , then accelerate , tailing the cab . int . lax parking , up - ramp - max's cab 64b accelerate up a up-ramp ... int . max's cab , rooftop - vincent a64c have turn around in he seat and look out the rear window . we see why the FBI could not follow ... int . parking structure - FBI monte carlo 64c pull in and stop . it 's in sight of but do not approach the latest up - ramp to the roof . FBI agent # 3 I follow he up there ... we blow the tail ! omit 65 ext . empty rooftop lot - wide 65a empty parking lot roof . anybody tailing Vincent and Max would expose themselves right here . it 's call a choke point . omit 66 int . max be cab - vincent 66a vincent ( to Max ) let 's go . ( continued ) 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 78a . 66a continued : 66a Max start towards the down -ramp . 66b int . parking structure - FBI monte carlo 66 B FBI agent # 4 ( into nextel ) la103 to la101 . pedrosa , pedrosa ... ( to agent # 3 ) Air support ... FBI agent # 3 ( into radio ) la103 to Air 4 ... you still have he ? helicopter pilot ( 0.s. ) Air 4 to la103 . I lose he . you be in control air space . I gotta stay out until I get clearance from lax tower ... FBI agent # 4 ( into nextel ) pedrosa ...! 67 int . pedrosa's buick - pedrosa - night 67 listen . then ... ( continued ) 67 a67a b67a c67a d67a 67a 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 79 . continued : 67 pedrosa ( on he cell phone ) .~.. you lose he ? ( he listen ) he can head anywhere out of lax . North or south on the 405 , east on the 105 , the 110 ... pedrosa 's plan to intercept and take down Vincent just crash . he rapidly recalculate . pedrosa ( cont 'd ) they locate Peter yip ? fed # 1 ( on phone ) on with the wife . she think he 's at fever . they call . can not get through . pedrosa ( to Driver ) Washington and crenshaw . move ! ( into radio ) la101 to la103 , la104 , la105 . fever. after-hour club on 2407 Washington , near crenshaw . pico Union . hit it ! la105 ( 0.s. ) ( into radio ) la105 to la101 . copy that . omit a67a aerial - max's cab b67a from inside the curve " cloverleaf " onto 105/110 interchange . int. / ext . max's cab c67a under the interchange north ( or southbound 110 ) . int . black suv d67a one of pedrosa 's chase unit with four swat - type in sport clothes jam off the freeway onto a exit ramp to surface street , north on western or north on crenshaw . int . max be cab - max + vincent - night 67a be riding in pensive silence through the neon visual noise of koreatown . vincent would you have call she ? ( continued ) 67a continued : 10/11/03 mm revs. ( goldenrod ) 79a . 67a max who ? vincent you lady friend . the one who give you she business card . ( Max be silent ) or be she just be polite ? max I do not know . vincent why hold back ? why not act off you impulse ? pick up the phone ? max all I owe a fare be a ride , Vincent . ( continued ) 67a 68-69 70 71 72 72a 72b 72c 73-74 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 67a vincent it 's not what you owe I . time be fleeting . life be short . time be luck . one day it 's go ... ( beat ) you make it out of this alive , you should call she . that 's what I think ... anyway ... it 's a important speculation from Vincent , give what 's go to come later . and meanwhile ... omit 68-69 int . FBI cadillac - pedrosa 70 with two or three agent in the other two car . one check there 's a round in the chamber of he .9 mm , as the silent neighborhood pass by . int . s600 mercede - paco , rubio + two other cold - eyed 71 killer rubio have a silence .9 mm with a aimpoint laser sight . int . lapd unmarked car - fanning 72 at the wheel . tailing the FBI car at a distance , crosschatter drift from the police band ... ext . olympic ( or ? ) - max's cab - night 72a cruise east . Korean neon burn into the sodium - light magenta sky . the street be empty at four a.m . reflected streetlight flow up the windshield , color kick off dent bodywork . the street be desert ; the city seem dangerous . Max and Vincent 's attention , suddenly , be take by something else ... int . max be cab - max + vincent's Pov : three coyote - 72b night separate and apart lope diagonally across sunset . adult male . hunting . they be indifferent to urban habitation , as if they , not we , own this city ... ext . alexandria STREET - abstract signage 72c become a frontal of Max 's batter cab to camera and it turn right , as ... omit 73-74 75 75 a 75 B 76 77-78 79 80 81 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 81 . int . FBI buick - over pedrosa + he Pov through 75 windshield - night a half block ahead he / we glimpse Max 's cab pull into the fever forecourt ... pedrosa there ...! int . max's cab , approaching " FEVER " nightclub - night 75a there 's chaotic valet parking with bentley and a lambo in choice spot . the party - till - dawn crowd . and in the thick of it ... int . FBI buick 75 B but they be precede by a porsche suv , and a limo cut they off and try to disembark a diva , two girlfriend and two guy , with player head into a club before fever . heavyweight Security have a fuck - you attitude towards pedrosa 's buick and the suv ( la105 ) until ... ext . korean mall - feds - night 76 in tactical vest with car - 15' ; side arm ... deploy . vanity muscle undergo instant attitude change . pedrosa ad lib tell diva to shut up and get back in the limo . but Max 's cab have disappear from view . omit 77-78 ext . front of club FEVER - pedrosa - night 79 pedrosa we get yip out . you take Vincent . clean shot ! watch you background . pedrosa approach the front entrance , the non-hrt be with the bouncer , who , in response to a request we do not see , be try to get a response on he radio from people in the interior ... but fail , as he man enter . meanwhile ... omit 80 int . club FEVER - vincent - night 81 propel Max past a bar , through screen of glass , frost alcove ... jamme with people . vincent Booth towards the back . that 's where he hang . fat Korean guy . Terminal acne as a youth . you go first . ( more ) ( continued ) ee ek * 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 81a . 81 continued : 81 vincent ( cont 'd ) Fifteen foot in front and three to my leave . wander , and innocent bystander get the first round . clear ? it 's all black lacquer and frost glass . ( continued ) 81 81a 81b 81cc 82 82a 82b 82c 10/6/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 82 . continued : ( 2 ) 81 back room - in Korean luxo - be for karaoke or the Korean hotty who hang by a counter , like a check - in area . panel of glass in semi-circle in front of plant , some with sheet of water run down , separate the different zone . or ... it 's cheesy disco with flat screen play Korean music video and stock market quote with out - of- date Christmas decoration and black - light outer - space mural . visually , it 's as noisy as the Korean hip -hop , which make it impossible for anybody to hear anything . ext . front of club FEVER - fanning + weidner - night 81a flash they lapd badge , brush past the doorman , proceed in ... int . FEVER - close : vincent 81b with Max in front and to he leave , snake through the crowd , swim among they , scan for Peter yip , seek he target in the back booth ... pedrosa + the feds 81 cc enter up the stair . stay as discrete as possible while urgent , while pedrosa shoot look , he pove , fed move south along east wall into densest part of the club ... search for " Vincent , " try to spot he before he can assassinate Peter yip , search for yip , as ... int . club entrance - paco , rubio + two 82 enter . they hang at the rear . wait . they job be to take out " Vincent " if it look like there 's trouble , a double - takeout , because " Vincent " must not fall into the hand of the FBI . he know too much . pedrosa 82a search , desperately , for Peter yip , he last witness , to get he to safety . fanning 82b enter , scan the crowd . nothing . he and weidner split-up . and ... vincent 82c deeper among the dancer , now sees distantly ... peter yip for a moment . he 's locate towards the back wall across the dance floor in a booth on a raise area in the semi-circular room . with he be too- young Korean girl and a heavyset rapper . the view get block by a African - american and a Korean bodyguard in suit near the booth , face out . ( continued ) 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 82a . 82c continued : 82c behind the booth be five or six Korean gangster . but on the dance floor , itself ... ( continued ) 82c 82d 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 c vincent spot a outer perimeter of security . bodyguard within the crowd , face outward from the booth ... look for trouble before it get to the row of booth and Peter yip . max receive the glance from Vincent . he 's gesture down the middle of the dance floor towards the rear . they work they way through the mass of body . meanwhile , Vincent casually smile at a girl and take a oblique path , slide along a convex side wall . Vincent 's path bring Vincent up behind bodyguard # 1 , who look to the right as ... bodyguard # 1 pound in the kidney . his head be twisted around and tear back , drop he to the floor amid the body and noise . Vincent 's focus be already on bodyguard # 2 , as he kick down with ferocious force , slamm bodyguard # 1 into unconsciousness ... bodyguard # 2 intuit , turn . Vincent 's foot slam he knee sideways , break it , Vincent 's palm bounce the man 's forehead back , he fist slam into he expose neck , that fast . max buffete by dancer , see , back away , as ... bodyguard # 3 see the assault on # 2 . he grab for Vincent ... who break the grab , pull bodyguard # 3's head and neck down towards he , slam he knee into he rib cage twice , break thing , spin the man backwards , rip he head sideways and back , a centimeter from break , and hold it there with he leave arm , Vincent 's right hand be fill with the h+k as he move towards Peter yip . pedrosa , 82d just then , sees ... pedrosa Pov : peter yip glimpse in the booth from pedrosa 's angle . pedrosa ( to fed # 1 ) there 's yip ! get he out of here ! and fed # 1 move with fed # 2 along the wall on the opposite side towards yip while pedrosa cross the floor , see the disturbance and over he right shoulder , right there be ... ( continued ) 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 83a . 82d continued : 82d pedrosa ( cont 'd ) vincent !!! ( continued ) 82d 82e 82f 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 82d mad Dog killer " Vincent . " pedrosa ( cont 'd ) ( into lapel radio ) Middle of the dance floor ! there he be ! feds + hrt with assault weapon 82e * push through dancer ... pedrosa * FBI ! freeze , vincent ! don 't move ! * freeze ! hand in the AIR ! Max hear they spot Vincent . then he realize the three , * four weapon of cop fight through crowd be all aim at he . people who be not fall away from he be confuse . Max be the loneliest man in the room ... * max do not shoot ! I be not Vincent ! but Korean hip - hop thunder . Korean music video be crazy visual . rapper 82f * next to yip think he's get bust , want to get out while ... bodyguard # 4 + # 5 at either end of yip 's booth struggle to see from where the threat be come . korean gangster * behind the booth put hand on weapon . they see fed # 1 + fed # 2 slide behind patron , close in , to get yip to safety ... * various feds ( 0.s. ) ( to man ) freeze ! hand in the AIR ! on you knee ! now ! now ! korean gangster # 1 - push sideways by fed # 1 , who 's try to reach yip - see the weapon in fed # 1's hand . so he pull he 'mm , which fed # 2 shove sideways but the gun fire , hit a income ... pedrosa in the upper thigh , slamm he face first to the floor . ( continued ) 82 F 82g 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 84a . continued : 82f and with the first gunshot , all hell break loose ... max 82g drop to the floor . round be fire at he by yip 's bodyguard # 5 . a dancer be hit . 82h 827 82k 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 85 . paco 82h give the look of rubio , who 's move to within 30 foot from Max . he nod " yes " ... take out " Vincent , " but ... real vincent advance to the yip booth , see the red line through smoke and the jewel of a laser point dance around Max 's ear . see the source ... vincent's h+ k over nearly - dead bodyguard # 3 , swing leave and punch three round into rubio ... and max see Vincent save he life . as ... vincent spot ... paco ten foot away ... paco ( look from Vincent to Max to Vincent ) you be ... ( he get the joke ) he drop to the floor for cover ... to disappear ... while ... max 827 be on the floor amid destroy furniture , overturn table , panicked patron and ... fanning ..- low , push through the chaos , get a glimpse of Max . fanning shove sideways to reach he , imbue with this mission for some inexplicable reason ... at booth - peter yip 82 k be protect by he confuse scrum of Korean gangster and bodyguard . Girls dove under table . the rapper and one bodyguard struggle through crowd that trap they to get out , while ... ( continued ) 82 k 82l 82m 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 86 . continued : 82 k vincent - the only calm in the storm - have dumped bodyguard # 3 and be move on the cluster of protection at Peter yip 's booth , when ... from the left side of bodyguard # 1 - breathe in rasp and rise from the dead - grab for the gun in Vincent 's right hand as ... fanning 82l get to Max . max I be Max ! I be a goddamn cab driver ! fanning I know . I know ! fanning grab he , keep he low , push he head down ... fanning ( cont 'd ) I be detective fanning , lapd ! I be get you out of here . ...- and they slide behind the back of the opposite banquette , seek cover , and break towards a rear exit . while ... heavy korean gangster , also ... 82 m slam Vincent 's gun hand with a short baton . Vincent 's disarm . two Men be on he . a knife in vincent's left hand sink into bodyguard # 1's leg , drop he . korean gangster swing the baton for Vincent 's head . Vincent step inside . traps the man 's arm . take he baton , release he torque body and backhand it across the gangster 's neck . Vincent slam a forehand across he rib . as the Korean gangster , concuss , fall backwards , force Vincent to the floor ... bodyguard # 4 , come up the middle from yip 's booth , where attention focus right now on the real threat : Vincent , fire a three - shot burst from a smg . and , Vincent , retrieve he h+k , roll concuss Korean gangster off of he , and ... ( continued ) 82 m 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) 86a . continued : 82 m vincent place four shot into bodyguard # 4 . vincent's assault will be in a straight line . now , he roll onto one knee , fire two more , drop African - american bodyguard # 5 , who have two handgun blaze . and rising ... ( continued ) 82 m 82n 83 84 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 87 . continued : ( 2 ) 82 m vincent almost at yip' booth Korean gangster be blow back . another try to help 300 - pound yip escape over the back . he 's hit . Peter yip fall back into the banquette , he eye wider because Vincent 's come . Vincent reload . as he thumb hit the slide release and it jack forward , he 's already fire a round into yip . and yip 's eye - at the fierce face of death approach - be fill in he last moment with Vincent , who fire four round . and one to the head . that fast . and the wall of frost glass with a plane of water run down it behind dead Peter yip be untouched , serene . wounded pedrosa 82n fed be shouting . hrt be search . bodyguard be surrender . Korean gangster scream at each other . inane Korean infomercials , video , while ... int . back stair - max + fanning 83 race past karaoke and music recording room and escape down the back stair . fanning push Max ahead , cover they rear . max + fanning from the bottom of the stair max oh , man , be I happy to see you ! I do not believe it ! fanning yeah . I know . relax . breathe . you be okay . other patron have collapse on the stair and huddle on the landing . Max and fanning slide by and step over they to get to the exit door to the back alley . max I can not believe it . I can not believe it ...! fanning guide Max forward . emotion flood out of Max . ten hour of traumatic stress . Max 's nightmare be over . he 's home free . tear stream down he face . ext . side STREET behind club - wide : fanning + max 84 emerge . boom , boom , boom . fanning be dead before he hit the ground . Max be horrify . Vincent grab Max , propelling he forward . vincent ( fierce ) get in ! ( continued ) 84 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) continued : he throw Max behind the wheel , get in the back ... 87a . 84 ( continued ) 84 85 86 86a 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 84 vincent ( cont 'd ) drive ! Max - numb - hit the gas , peel out , he door leave open , hand barely on the wheel , drive and motor skill impair , scraping off the side of adjacent car . Dead detective fanning , now inert , be leave behind . CUT to : ext . aerial shot : los angele cityscape - night 85 straight down from above . acid-mint streetlight in pool on Olympic Blvd . the yellow cab be the only vehicle head east . everything else stream west . emergency vehicle . flasher . int . max's cab - max 86 in shock . back in purgatory ... eternally in he cab 's front seat . as the lone yellow cab drive east ... single : vincent vincent what a clusterfuck . only thing do not show up be the Polish cavalry . Max 's life , control by Vincent , be a nightmare , perpetual and eternal ... vincent ( cont 'd ) you do not wanna talk , tell I to fuck off ... max ( inaudible ) ... fuck off . Vincent 's attention be out the window at the stream of emergency vehicle ... at the earpiece , fill with lapd and news helicopter . ext . STREET - frontal : the anonymous yellow cab 86a head east . all other traffic race to the debacle leave behind ... vincent ( 0.s. ) ..- blood , bodily fluid and death get to you ? try deep breathe . or remember , we all die anyway ... max ( 0.s. ) you have to kill fanning ?! ( continued ) 86 a 86b continued : int . cab 9/29/03 mm revs. ( salmon ) vincent ( 0.s. ) ( blasé ) who 's fanning ? max that cop ! ( beat ) why would you have to do that ? you could not wound he ? the guy have a family , maybe parent , kid who gotta grow up without a dad , he be a good guy , and he believe I ... vincent I shoulda save he ' cause he believe you ...? max no , not just that . vincent yeah , that ... max yeah , so , what 's wrong with that ? vincent it 's what I do for a live ... max some live . vincent head downtown ... max what 's downtown ? vincent how be you at math ? I be hire for five hit . I do four . max ( grim ) one more . vincent there you go ...! max why not you kill I and find another cab . 89 . 86 a 86b ( continued ) 86 B continued : 9/27/03 mm revs. ( buff ) vincent ' Cause you be good . ( shrug ) we be in this together . you know ... fate intertwined . cosmic coincidence . all that crap ... max you be full of shit . vincent I be full of shit ? ( beat ) you be a monument of it . you even bullshit yourself , all I be be take out the garbage . bad guy kill bad guy ... max ' Cause that 's what you say ... vincent and you believe I ...? max what would they do ? vincent how do I know ? ( beat ) but , they all get that " witness for the prosecution " look to I . it 's probably some major federal indictment against somebody who majorly do not want to get indicted ... I dunno . max that 's the reason ? vincent that 's the " why . " there be no reason . ( beat ) no good reason ; no bad reason . to live or to die . max then what be you ? vincent ( look up ) ... indifferent . Vincent hesitates , then back out the window ... 90 . 86b ( continued ) 86 B continued : 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) ( 2 ) vincent ( cont 'd ) get with it . get over it . umillion of galaxy of hundred of million of star and a speck on one in a blink ... that 's we . lose in space . the universe do not care ( about you ) . ( beat ) the cop , you , I ? who notice ? max what 's with you ...? vincent as in ...? max man , if someone have a gun to you head and say : " you gotta tell I what 's goin ' on with that person across the street , there , what they think , who they be , how they feel , or I will kill you " ... they would have to kill you ... would not they ...? ( beat ) ' Cause you do not have a clue ... about ... anyone . ( struggle for the word ) ... I do not think you , you have a clue , period . do anyone " do " for you in you life ...? ever ? when you draw breath in the morning ? open you eye in the a.m .? you anticipate ... anything ? want anything ? expect anything ? I do not think so ... ( beat ) ' Cause you be low , my brother , way low ... and some standard part that be suppose to be there ?... with you , be not . so what happen to you , man ? what happen to you ? vincent ... all the cabby in LA , I get Max , sigmund Freud meet Dr. Ruth ... max answer the question . vincent look in the mirror . ( on the attack ) ( more ) 91 . 86 B ( continued ) 86 B continued : 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 92 . ( 3 ) 86 B vincent ( cont 'd ) ... with you paper towel ... a bottle of 409 ... a limo company someday . how much you get save ? max none of you business . vincent you business " plan ? " someday ? " someday my dream ' 1l come ... " ? ( beat ) and one night you will wake up and discover it all flip on you . suddenly you be old . and it do not happen . and it never will . ' Cause you be never go to do it , anyway . the dream on the horizon become yesterday and get lose . then you will bullshit yourself , it could never have be , anyway . and you will recede it into memory ... and zone out in a barcalounger with daytime tv on for the rest of you life ... ( beat ) do not talk to I about kill . you be do - in ' yourself . in this yellow - and -orange prison . bit by bit . every day . extremely close : Max be soaking up every word . the needle vincent ( cont 'd ) all it ever take be a down payment on a lincoln town car . what the hell be you still do in a cab ? on the speedometer be creep past forty ... max ' Cause I never straighten - up and look at it , you know ...? vincent slow down . max ( ignore he ) ...- myself , I should have . my brother do ... ( beat ) try to gamble my way out from under . ( that be ) another bear - to- lose deal ! then , " it 's gotta be perfect to go ! " you know ? Risk all torque - down . needle push sixty ... ( continued ) 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 93 . 86b continued : ( 4 ) 86 B max ( cont 'd ) but you know what ? it do not matter . what 's it matter , anyway ? ' Cause we be ... insignificant out here in this big -ass nowhere . twilight Zone shit . say the badass sociopath in my backseat . so that 's one thing I get to thank you for , bro ... until now , I never see it that way ... the cab go blast through a intersection on a red light . a los angele time delivery truck slam on its brake as Max swerve , barely avoid a collision . vincent that be a red light ! Max glance in the rearview . max +-- not until now . so what 's it all matter ? it do not . fuck it . fix it . nothing to lose . right ? Vincent 's h + k 's aim at Max 's head . Max almost laugh . vincent slow the hell down ! max why ? what be you gonna do ? pull the trigger ? kill we ? go ahead , man ! shoot ...my ass . vincent slow down ! max Vincent ? they eye meet in the rearview mirror . Vincent be arrest by a look in Max that he 's not see before . it 's the even , confrontational look of a man with nothing to lose . max ( cont 'd ) go fuck yourself . Max slam on the brake and crank the steering wheel hard right ... 87 9/27/03 mm revs. ( buff ) 93a . ext . STREET - right wheel 87 hit a low divider ... rear end come unstuck , rotate over the front right and flipping the cab into a violent roll onto its roof , spin down the street , smashing off other car , piece fall off , spew glass ... ( continued ) 87 87a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 94 . continued : 87 ..- and then settling upside - down , revolve slowly to a creak stop , antifreeze spilling across the pavement . and then everything go silent , motionless , still . int . cab 87a wreckage . steam from the rupture radiator . crumple metal . miss hood . disintegrate windshield ... shattered glass . Max be trap upside - down in he seatbelt , he roof half cave in , one side of he face streak with blood . alive but daze . Movement in the back . sharp intake of breath . then a voice ... vincent well . that be brilliant . max be you seatbelt fastened , honey ? -- and a bloody hand shoot from the darkness behind he , plunging a aluminum section that _use to hold the perspex screen in place . Max jerk he head aside and the aluminum rail miss he by inch , ramming solidly into the headrest instead . Max release he seatbelt , drop and hit the ceiling of the cab . Vincent , sardine in the reduce space in the back , lunge forward . Max wildly fight to keep the knife at bay and crawl out he window . we hear a police siren . Vincent , eye glitter , kick out the window on the other side . Max , crawl away on the pavement , keep low , the taxi between they , look back ... max's Pov : vincent .. -- in a glimpse , run off into the night . Vincent 's hand pull the .45 para ordnance backup from he waistband . Vincent 's shoe crunch on break glass . he vanish into darkness as the siren grow near ... Max push painfully to he foot . look around . a surreal moment . Max stand by he overturn cab , the empty city all around he , breathe the cool night air . alive . it strike he in that moment . he 's survive the night . the blood pump through he vein be a fact . it stun he . overwhelm he . ( continued ) 87a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 95 . continued : 87a how good be life ? the lapd black and white screech to a stop . a sergeant get out . sergeant ( into radio ) 12a75 request a RA unit at Grand and 9th for a tc with injury ... sergeant , look at the truly wreck cab ... sergeant ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? what happen ? and the mundane beauty of the question make Max look at he like he 's crazy , and there be tear stream down he face . the sergeant approach Max , gentle but firm : sergeant ( cont 'd ) ( as if to a child ) you have be in a accident . a ambulance be on the way to help you . do you understand what I be say to you ? sit down on the curb . okay ? ( Max nod ) anybody else in there ? Max shake he head . the sergeant shine he flashlight on the passenger compartment , concerned about Max . sergeant ( cont 'd ) do not worry about the cab . they will get you a new one . you okay ? max ( find he voice ) I be ... fine . Fine . just dizzy and shit . sergeant sit there and breathe deep , sir . you will be okay . the sergeant , now at the rear of the cab , to make sure there 's no gasoline spill , suddenly freeze , he flashlight beam find the trunk lid ajar from the crash , and inside be the corpse of ramone gallardo in a sprawle heap . sergeant ( cont 'd ) put you hand where I can see ‘em ! get on you knee ! slowly ! max huh ? ( continued ) 87a 87b 87c 10/2/03 mm revs. ( tan ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) 87a sergeant 's gun be out on Max . Max do as he 's tell , get to he knee on the pavement . curious . the whole thing strike Max as insane . absurd . omit 87b ext . STREET - max 87c max sure . arrest I . take I in . Police station . LA County 's good . ... and he 's on he knee , hand on he head . sergeant come up behind he , cover he . per procedure , sergeant holster he weapon , draw he cuff , and grab Max 's right wrist , cuffing it . max ( slo - mo ) one arm be bring down behind he back ... max's Pov : push slowly into debris from the wreckage . granule of shattered safety glass . Max 's on - board computer that Vincent use - upside down - and " on " ... and ... tighter on max ( slo - mo ) as he see the display from Vincent 's flash drive of the last two target . Max 's fall forward and flatten he face on the pavement to see ... ( continued ) 87c 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 97 . continued : 87c max's Pov pushing in the split image . on the leave be Peter yip . on the right be ... annie farrell . assistant U.S. attorney . max ( slo - mo ) breath go out of he . target # 5 be Annie . as the sergeant be * struggle for Max 's leave hand , now , Max 's lunge for ... * under shatter glass the visible grip of Vincent 's .45 h+ k . * max pull the sergeant off - balance , whip the h+k around while still on he back , jam the gun to the sergeant 's head . sergeant 's hand reach for he holster beretta ... max ( cont 'd ) get you hand off you gun ! Max jam the gun tighter to the sergeant 's head . he 's not certain where to point it . max ( cont 'd ) look , someone 's gonna get kill if I * do not , it 's ... * sergeant ( cut in ) * put you gun down ! max no ! I gotta go , see , you do not ... * sergeant ( cut in ) * put the gun down ! max hey , hey ! when do this become a negotiation ? Max grab the gun out of the sergeant 's holster and toss it under the car . he take he second set of cuff ... max ( cont 'd ) cuff yourself to the goddamn door . sergeant cuff he arm through the window frame of the open squad - car door . Max toss the key . trapped . ( continued ) 87c a87d 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 98 . continued : ( 2 ) 87c sergeant you be in a world of shit ... max good ! do we a favor . call the police ! I be go to 6th and fig . * ( run off ) * I get no time to explain ... * -..and the last the sergeant see of he , Max be vanish up the street into the darkness . ext . STREET - max a87d * running . stripped of everything now . operate purely on instinct . Vincent 's gun in he right hand , handcuff dangle from he leave wrist ... running . the city silent around he . the only sound be he foot hit the pavement ... running . two cop car rocketing through a intersection a block or so behind he , siren wailing . Max veer for cover , not break stride , press on ... more distant siren , now , police unit respond ... Max , racing up the middle of the street ... see a late-night partier come out of the Standard with a cell phone , Max grab the phone right out of he hand as he sail past he , the partier spin around to chase after he ... partier hey , asshole ! Max whip around , h+k snap up . max fuck off ! the man do . Max keep run , dial , fumble Annie 's business card from he pocket , get the number wrong , try * again ... ( continued ) 87c 87d 87e 87f 88 89 89a 9/2/03 mm revs. ( green ) 99 . continued : ( 3 ) 87c ..-- and he finally stop , gasp for breath , punch in the final number . lousy signal . camera circle around max to reveal ... ext . parking structure 87d Max run up the stair of a parking structure to get a better signal . he and we see ... max's Pov : federal build across the freeway . Dark office . only a few have light on . except ... Three floor that be completely light , 14th through 16th . max ( grip cell phone ) c'mon , go through , go through ... through intermittent cell phone static , we hear ringing on the other end ... int . federal build lobby - vincent - night 87e use a card similar to the one we see in the front to gain access to the elevator lobby without set off the alarm . but this card 's connect to a wristband with other key card and a identification card of a heavyset black woman . we do not understand ... wider beyond Vincent the lobby 's vacancy be sinister ... omit 87f int . elevator - night 88 Vincent ride up , watch the number climb ... omit 89 ext . parking structure - night 89a Max wait , heart pound , phone ringing , eye scan the window ... he see a figure on the uppermost well - light floor , 16 , through the south window cross a office to grab the phone . Annie . intercut with : 9/2/03 mm revs. ( green ) 99a . 90 int . US attorney' office - annie - night 90 lay down some file and grab up the phone , bleary from exhaustion . she be not kid about pull a all - nighter . ( continued ) 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 100 . 90 continued : 90 annie Annie farrell . max ( gasp for breath ) Annie ... it 's Max . annie ( uncertain ) Max ... max Max , the cab driver ! annie ( beat ) Max ? ( glance at clock ) ... kind of a strange time to be call ... max listen ! listen , okay ? there 's a man . his name 's Vincent . he 's come to kill you ! annie he 's ... what ? where be you ...? max ( shouting ) kill you ! he be come to kill you ! annie ( beat ) be this a joke ? ' Cause it be not funny . max a guy , Felix , hire he ! or people Felix work for . he 's already kill witness , now he 's come after you ! he be scoping out you building when I drop you off . I do not know what happen , but he get into my cab . 90a int . elevator lobby - elevator door 90 a slide open . Vincent emerge onto the floor , use a master key card to enter the office ... 91 92 92a 93 93a 93b 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 101 . int . office - annie 91 try to decipher what Max be say through the cell phone dropout : annie do you say Felix ? as in reye - torrena ? how do you know about my case ? I do not understand ... max it do not matter ! get out of the goddamn building ... int . hallway - night 92 ..- but it 's too late , Vincent 's at a wooden door in the wood - and - glass office interior with a " Assistant U.S. Attorney Annie farrell " sign . he kick in the door at the lock . it slam open . he 's through , h+k up ... reverse : nothing empty . no one 's home . it 's not the same office . Vincent step in ... int . 16th floor office 92a Annie finally grasp what Max be tell she : annie ... okay , okay , Max , I believe you ... I will get out of the building ... max no , no , wait ...! omit 93 ext . parking structure - max 93a see across the freeway : Vincent look through Annie 's office . it 's on the 14th floor ... low angle past max camera tilt up to reveal Annie two floor above . she 's freeze at a table in the law library on the south wall , phone to she ear . int . 14 th floor , anniee office - vincent 93b sees purse , take - out , coffee cup ... Vincent know she 's still here . ( continued ) 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 101a . 93b continued : 93b and the angle become over vincent out the window to the parking structure below and to the speck on the roof - Max , watch he . 93c ext . parking structure - max 93c max ..- he 's two floor below you . ( continued ) 93c 94 95 95 a 96 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 102 . continued : 93c annie * in my office ?! max where be you , what floor ? annie sixteen , law library and file . * max he do not know you be up there ! stay right where you be ! call 911 ! annie Max , be you sure ? max call the goddamn police ! do not move from that spot ... int . 14 th floor - night 94 Vincent pause from examine office with half - glass interior wall . his eye go to a desk phone . Three bank of extension . all dark . only one of the extension button be glowing . then it go out . then it light up again . * glow light . it 's Annie call 911 . next to it be type the * extension 's location . file section , 16th fl. Vincent look up . he know where she be . camera tilt up of he look ... omit 95 ext . parking structure - max 95a see , realize Vincent know where she be ... max ( into cell phone ) hang up . hang up ! Annie , get out ! he know where you be ! int . 16th floor file section - annie 96 lose in cell phone intermittent CUT -out ... ( continued ) 96 97 97a 97b 97c 98 99 99a 99b 100 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 103 . continued : 96 annie hello ? Max ? what do you say ? no use . he 's go . she punch a clear line , dial 911 ... omit 97 ext . parking structure - max 97a frantically hit redial . nothing . no signal . shrill fast -busy tone . no cell service . max shit ! pure desperation . he glance over the abutment to the grass slope below . no time to think . he act . fuck it . he jump , clumsily , fall , roll ... falling down the slope 97b with Max . desperate , not graceful , push to he foot , ankle wrench , racing / hobbling , grass -stain hoody , across ... int . 14 th floor - long lens on max 97c ... crossing the bridge over the Harbor freeway to the office building ... int . 16th floor file section - night 98 -..as Annie listen to the 911 recording : voice .-- call will be answer in the order receive . if this be not a emergency ... omit 99 ext . federal build , lobby ( gas CO . west overview ) - max 99a enter . the sidewalk be elevate above the lobby . through the brightly - light glass walk Max see the lobby be strangely vacant . no security guard . ( then he sees a long smear of blood across the white stone ... ) omit 99b int . 16th floor file section - annie 100 finally hear a click on the line as : ( continued ) 100 100 a 100 B 101 102 103 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 104 . continued : 100 female voice ( filter ) 911 . how can I help you ...? annie there 's a man in the building ! he 's try to kill I . I be ... int . utility room , 16th floor - FIRE ax 100 a whack ! Vincent swing it again , instantly sever the 16th floor 's power and telephone trunk line . spark emit from the bundle cable in the thick conduit . he toss the ax , exit into the hallway , jab the elevator button ... ext . federal build , lobby ( east view ) - max 100 B appear . and sees ... dead night watchwoman squeeze behind the security desk ... int . file section - night 101 .».. as Annie find herself talk to a dead line : annie ..- hello ? meanwhile ... ext . build lobby - night 102 Max hurl a steel trash can at the glass wall with all he might . it just bounce off . Max pause , stymy . he raise Vincent 's h+k clumsily in one hand , brace himself , squeeze the trigger . nothing . be there a safety on this thing ? he find it . he try again . fire two shot into the glass door . the gun almost kick out of he hand . but the door disintegrate . he walk through ... int . 16th floor file section - night 103 Annie , freeze with indecision . what to do ? stay or go ? ( in keep with the building 's design , a wall of glass separate this area from the corridor beyond , which be separate by glass from other office and the lobby . normally , you would be able to see people work , walk the hallway . ) right now , the corridor 's dark . terrify . she force herself to move , to cross the office , run now ... for the door to the ... ( continued ) 9/21/03 mm revs. ( pink ) 104a . 103 continued : 103 internal corridor ..- but she only get ten foot before she 's stop by ... ( continued ) 103 103a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 103 a door open . a soft footstep . somebody 's there . somebody stealthy . she back up , against the floor - to-ceil window . frozen . heart pound . listen . against the city at night out the window ... she back up , further towards the window , back into ... int . file section 103a ..- where she back past file cabinet . not deep enough . nowhere to hide . so she back along the glass . nothing now but the CITY glow spilling faintly through the window . low shelf of legal book . tables offer no cover . while ... a shadow track against the city laid out to the south , the 110 and 10 like artery carry white and red cell ( headlight and taillight ) ... annie crouch under a table and crawl backwards . she can not hear a thing . her heart pound . the silence make she want to scream . a Pov of empty , scary office . over the table , b.g. , be the glass wall run the length of the office area . the corridor beyond . empty . a shadow ...? do she see a shadow pass against the murky darkness out there ? a soft sound . foot on carpet . do she hear it ? be she imagine it ? the breath catch in she throat . eye wide . the shadow in the bullpen by a corridor . it lurk , silently . wait . it 's Vincent . frontal : vincent and then he move . softly . quietly ... tight on annie under the table ... by the window . a huddle form against the city light and helicopter . wait . not breathe . still as a statue . then the urge be too strong . she 's get to get out , get out now ! Annie on she hand and knee , try to crawl away , soundlessly ... ( continued ) 103a 8/24/03 mm revs. 106 . continued : 103a -.. not realize that walk upon she , soundlessly , from the back be Vincent . she do not know . he 's a shadow in the dimness . annie sense . stops. turn ... and she see the shape - twenty foot away - of Vincent ... the para- ordnance .45 come up . the .45 cal barrel like a tunnel into nothingness . vincent's eye be cold , indifferent . vincent's finger squeezing off the slack on the trigger . vincent's eye sense . stops. turn . a silhouette in a doorway . aiming a gun . he 's backlit by a red emergency light on a rear wall . for a moment , Vincent can not bring himself to believe it ... vincent Max ? max let she go . Vincent smile , it 's harsh , almost canine ... vincent what be you gonna do , shoot m-- blam ! a muzzle flash . Vincent get kick in the head . he go sprawling . Max rush up to Annie . grab she arm , jerk she away ... annie Max ...? he pull she to she foot . both of they back away , run for the door . a groan . Max pull she harder . vincent rise , get behind cover . sitting up , eye glitter , hand clasped to the side of he head , blood coursing through he finger . ( continued ) * * 103a 103b 103c 103d 103e 103f 103g 103h 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) 103a vincent Jesus , Max . you shot my ear off . he pull he hand away , sit on the floor , stare at the sheet of blood on he palm . he look at the flee Max . vincent ( cont 'd ) okay , max ! int . glass corridor - max 103b have the h+k aim , back for the elevator lobby ... vincent appear 103 '' around a corner , clear space . fast. his para - ordnance up . Max and Annie run , now ... Vincent see vague shape ... boom -boom ! boom - boom ! gunshot punch through the glass , inch from Max and Annie , collapse wall revealing Vincent against the la-scape . blossom of white flame : boom -boom ... int . elevator lobby 103d --+- and a moment later the glass wall explode into the corridor , by a chair , crashing through it , follow by Vincent , into the elevator lobby , while ... int . elevator - max 103e hit the ground - floor button and " close , " the door take a million year to do that . as they be slide shut , he see Vincent across the lobby , raise the gun ... Max throw himself on Annie , both to the floor . bullet punch through the paper-thin sheet - metal door . but the elevator 's move now ... int . 16th floor hallway 103f ...- leave Vincent behind . he dart for the stair . int . elevator 103g Max and Annie on the floor , breathe hard , stare at each other in wordless shock . they reach the ground floor ... int . build lobby 103h .».- and Max drag she forward , the two of they racing across for the exit , see wide + high in rear shot ( Gas Co. lobby , run to s.e . ) ... 1033 103k 103l a103m 103m 104 105 a105 a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 108 . int . build stairwell 1033 Vincent careen down the step , the entire side of he head bloody , he ear mostly go . he slam through a door into -- int . lobby 103k -- where he find the elevator stand empty . he hear a door alarm , turn , run across the lobby ... int . lower lobby - vincent 103l enter and race down the freeze escalator to camera . int . mta - rear shot : max + annie a103m enter and run through the interior hall or down the lower staircase . int . / ext . mta - low / wide angle : vincent 103m enter from the street , diagonally , down to cam . ( the office building be behind he . ) omit 104 int . boarding platform ( GREEN line ) - max + annie 105 race towards the board area . hardly anyone in sight , except for a old white homeless guy with a tv set in a shopping cart power by a car battery . max call the police ! he stare at they like they be nut . they run towards the empty platform . no train ! neon-lit , strange art , like dead people float in a pool , hang from the ceiling . Max and Annie run , turn this way and that , try to decide what to do . over max + annie - same a1l05a they run down another staircase where we see the blue line platform , run at 90 degree . no train there , either ! they race down , anyway to get away , because ... * 105 a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 108a . ext . top of stair to GREEN line platform - rear shot : 105a vincent run into frame , sees Max and Annie 50 - 75 yard away , racing down the stair to the Blue line ... a difficult shot , Vincent aim , elevate the front sight ... ( continued ) * * 105 a 105 B 106 a106a b106a c106 a d106 a 106a 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 109 . continued : 105 a booooom ! booooom ! booooom ! Vincent fire three round ... int . blue line platform - max + annie 105 B cut by .45 caliber bullet chew crater in the ceramic tile inch from they . int . blue line - max + annie 106 hear , now , a train pull in . but it 's upstairs on the Green line . they run down the platform for the stair back up ! int . GREEN line platform - vincent a1l06a run , sees the train arrive on the opposite platform . he look down to the stair to the Blue line . a train pull in there , too ! decision time . int . GREEN line , the FOURTH subway car - max + annie b106a .».- be discover crawl into the car . they collapse , low on the floor , wait for the door to close , the train to pull out , hope Vincent have not follow ... vincent have to decide , have to second - guess Max . a beat . the train sit there for second . it seem like hour , like fuck forever . Vincent rivete to the spot . Max + Annie praying Vincent do not appear . the door start to close , slide irrevocably shut . vincent then he know . with no hesitation , he leap off the platform onto the rail as the train start to pull out . int . FOURTH subway car - max + annie c106a be at the slide which adjoin the fourth car to the third car . the train 's pick up speed . where 's Vincent ? as a precaution , they start for the third car . ext . mta - helicopter from above d106a ... we be out of the subway on the surface ... int . third car - max + annie 106a low , down the aisle of the third car , rise for the door . and Max turn and look : ( continued ) * * ee ek 106a 106b 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) continued : vincent stand in the fourth car , stare at he . omit 109a . 106 a 106b * 106c 106d 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 110 . int . second car - max + annie 106c race in as round pound through glass into the second car . round slam through metal and glass . int . FOURTH car - vincent - night 106d vincent be come ... various angle ... and the sequence build , Vincent work toward the front ... Max and Annie desperately look for cover . City racing by . train racing by city . a few ragged passengers try to huddle out of harm 's way with nowhere to go . as the train thunder and shriek over the track juncture ... the first car Max and Annie rush in , slide the door shut . this be as far as they can go . they drop into a crouch at the door , breathe hard , terrify , Max with he back against the wall , arm stiffly keep the door handle wedge tight , he head just below the door 's window . a harsh , rag whisper : annie where 's the next station ? a freeze moment . eye lock . know they be probably go to die together , even though they hardly know each other . the train goe black , light dying as they shriek over another juncture ... then the light return , stutter . Max rise slightly up , peer over the lip of the window . here come fuck Vincent down the aisle of the second car . he see Max . he shout , barely audible from here ... vincent you can't win , max ! I do this for a live ! ..- and he keep come , .45 at he side , a sheet of blood down he face from the miss part of he ear . ... the visage of Vincent , the .45 in he hand , scare the shit out of the early - morning passenger . ..- and Max clutches the h +k , take a deep , shaky breath , he eye on Annie 's , not even sure in that moment what he 's go to do , probably die , and he lunge up , Vincent not ten foot away ... and the train goe dark . ( continued ) 106d 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 110a . continued : 106d a blizzard of muzzle flash , both man firing through the window at each other , glass shatter between the car and get suck away by the wind , Max scream , face light only by the gunfire , clumsy in how he hold Vincent 's h +k , fire one - hand , not aim , not look where he 's shoot ... Vincent 's para - ordnance booming out massive eruption of flame ... ( continued ) 106d 107 9/30/03 mm revs. ( cherry ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) 106d --- and then abrupt silence as the light return , Max look down , he expression nearly childlike with terror . he stare at the h+k in he shaking hand , see the slide be lock back - gun 's empty . he rise up . his look say , " go ahead , kill I ... " through the shattered window . Vincent 's stand in the other car , right where we leave he . watch Max . a little smile on he face . int . vincent's car - night 107 Vincent eject the empty magazine . before it even hit the floor or at he foot ... Vincent 's hand load a full mag , the weapon point at Max , like it be when he reload and shot Peter yip the first time . odd , though . his finger be not work that well . his brilliant sleight - of -hand seem go . he fumble the reload , in fact . the magazine of stack .45 's drop , landing at he foot among the expend casing . a few fresh droplet of blood patter quietly . Vincent consider pick up the mag , but it suddenly seem like way too much trouble . he blink at the .45 in he hand , as if confuse , then turn and start unsteadily back toward the back of the car . the .45 slip from he finger , clatter to the floor . Max watch Vincent walk away . Vincent only make it halfway . he have to sit . he grab a aluminum pole , ease himself onto the seat , try to catch he breath . Max slide he door open , step across the bridge between car . slide the second door open . enter . Vincent turn he head slightly , watch Max draw cautiously nearer . Max stare down , see the blood spread across the floor beneath Vincent . turn into quite a pool . Vincent try to speak , can not quite manage . Max sit across from he . Annie appear in b.g. , watch they . vincent + max sit there , riding the train . softly : max we be almost at the next station . ( continued ) 107 107a 10/9/03 mm revs. ( yellow ) 112 . continued : 107 Vincent smile faintly . he lean he head toward Max as if confer a secret . in a halting whisper : vincent guy . get on a subway . dies. ( off Max 's look ) think anybody ' 11 notice ? max look into Vincent 's eye . it mean " I be that guy " and " will anybody notice I when I be go ? " vincent lean back , gaze straight ahead now . rocking gently with the motion of the train ... ..-- and with much effort and to Max 's amazement , Vincent emit a soft , rasp wheeze , but it 's a faint laugh all the same . Max have no idea what 's so funny to a die man . Vincent look . Max follow he gaze . there , right across the car , among all the advertisement near the ceiling , be : a ad the whitest sand and bluest sea you can imagine . a dream place . limitless horizon . int . vincent's car - max - dawn 107a Vincent 's no longer laugh . in fact , Vincent 's no longer do anything . ever . Annie come to Max and sit . she shiver . Max take off he zippere , hood sweatshirt and put it around Annie . it 's a small gesture . but it 's a protective and confident act ... she take he hand . Dawn lighten the sky ahead . they ride the train together , side by side , neither say a word . for now . the train pull in to a station ... wide angle of subway car .».. and Max pull Annie to she foot . the door open . they silently get off . the first sideways stream of yellow light shaft into the station . the door close again . the train pull out . ( continued ) 107a 8/24/03 mm revs. 113 . continued : 107a we hold on Vincent for a while . Riding the train by himself , into the dawn , he head back as if sleep , alone in the car , as the sun rise . another dead guy on the subway ... riding into a new day . and Max , in he polo shirt and dirty pants , a arm around Annie , wear he stain sweatshirt , rise to we up the escalator ... freeway , artery of traffic behind they . fade out *