collateral damage by Ronald roose revision by Nicholas meyer David griffith and Peter griffith Terry George current revision by Channing Gibson no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner bros . production draft April 14 , 2000 warner bros . '' 2000 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved fade in : 1a int . / ext . nyfd firehouse - various shot - night 1a one a.m. on a hellish summer night in Spanish harlem . 1b firefighter 1b snore like a chainsaw in the upstairs sleep quarter . 1c int . live area 1c a fan whine as a firefighter channel surf . 1d truck BAY 1d a rookie firefighter shine chrome on the pumper . 1e bay' OPEN doorway 1e a firefighter play chess with a neighborhood kid . salsa blast from somewhere . 1f old firehouse 1f spill light onto a street of aging , neglect building as people beat the heat in open window , on stoops and street corner . 1g firehouse dalmation 1g lap water from a drip hydrant . 2 int . firehouse - kitchen - night 2 nyfd Lt. gordy pitt strain as he work the handle of a old - time , hand - cranke ice cream maker . it 's a tough job require strength , patience and determination . in a nutshell , that 's gordy . firefighter junior montine , black panamanian descent , watch gordy crank away . junior hear the big news , Lieutenant ? it 's the twenty - first century . we get electricity now . gordy keep cranking . ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 junior get this supermarket , too . Big place , freezer full o' ice cream . gordy stop . pop the lid . spoon out a dollop . gordy open up . he stick the spoon in junior 's mouth . junior eat . junior love it . gordy smile . gordy screw the twenty - first century . the FIRE bell sound . 3 int . firehouse - various shot 3 everyone scramble . the choreography 's practice , automatic . it 's achieve without conversation . the channel surfer slide down the fire pole . he 's follow by the man who be upstairs snore . junior rip a sheet from the teleprinter . he hand the printout to the snorer , the company 's " chauffeur . " foot jam into boot . yellow trousers be haul up and hitched with suspender . yellow jacket be whipped on . the chauffeur turn over the pumper be huge motor . firefighter take they station on the truck . headsets go on . as the fire company 's lieutenant , gordy ride shotgun . the chauffeur hand he the printout . as the engine move out under light and siren , gordy speak to the man over the headsets -- gordy second alarm . multiple dwelling between third and lex . 4 ext . spanish harlem - street - night 4 the engine scream and honk through the city . 3. 5 ext . spanish harlem - tenement - night 5 flame roar from the upper storey of this slumlord 's shitbox . a engine and ladder company be on-scene attack the fire with hose . neighbor gawk . gordy 's engine company arrive . gordy hit the ground , move to a battalion chief . the chief 's terse order be drown out by the noise of the equipment , fire and man . gordy move back to he company , who have already hook the engine up to water . gordy top story 's fully involved . we be support inside . two line up the stair . he point to junior and then to the channel surfer , mike shea , a veteran firefighter of irish descent . gordy junior and Mike -- he point to the chess player , sal dibiase , another fd veteran , Mediterranean descent , and then to the rookie , ronnie book , a New York melting pot mutt . gordy -- sal and ronnie . the chauffeur , art westphal , german - irish , stay with the engine as gordy grab a fire axe and lead he two two - man hose team into ... 6 int . tenement 6 gordy and he man charge the stair drag the heavy hose . rat head past in the opposite direction , desert the burn building . 7 third floor 7 they meet fire on the third floor . on go the water . gordy quickly check room on the floor for occupant , use the axe to open lock door , then tap junior and Mike , indicate " up . " begins lead the hose team up the stairwell . see something and yell a warning -- gordy stair be screw . hug the wall . 8 FOURTH floor 8 they reach the fourth floor . there 's fire everywhere . and then ... ( continued ) 4. 8 continued : 8 they see a firefighter from the other company . he have fall through a gape hole in the floor of the hallway above . he 's pin under a large section of heavy debris , cough and scream for help as fire rage around he . to junior and Mike -- gordy knock it back ! they turn the hose on the flame as gordy move to the trap firefighter . gordy try lift the debris , can not budge it . he start chopping at it with the axe . chunks of plaster fly as the axe bite again and again . gordy hack off a large piece of debris . he lever he axe under the portion still trapping the firefighter . Mike move to help . gordy heave up on the axe . the debris lift . he heave harder . it lift more , until ... Mike slide the firefighter out . gordy yank he axe free . the debris collapse . gordy move to the firefighter . firefighter # 1 two floor up . I hear scream ... could not get there . gordy where ? firefighter # 1 end of the hall . 9 gordy 9 take off . charge the next flight of stair . reaches the fifth floor . tries to reach six , but there 's too much fire . he 's beat back ... but not before he hear the faint sound of scream . 10 new angle 10 gordy look down the fifth floor hallway to a apartment door at the end . between he and the door be the gape hole in the floor . it 's too big to jump . he start run . he 's gonna jump it . gordy reach the edge of the hole . leap with all he 's get . at the same time , he swing the axe , point-first . slam it into a spot high on the wall , and ... ( continued ) 5 . 10 continued : 10 gordy swing over the hole on the axe handle . he hit the other side run . drive a shoulder into the door at the end of the hall . 11 int . tenement apartment 11 gordy burst in . it 's a inferno . he look up . knock he axe on the ceiling . hear desperate pounding back . gordy climb a table . start whack upward with the axe , attack the peel , crumble plaster overhead . gordy be try to hack a hole into the room above , but he 's not do it fast enough . he will not beat the fire . 12 int . tenement - hallway 12 gordy call down to he man . gordy give I the hose ! mike this place be go ! it could flashover any second ! gordy give I the goddamn hose ! beat . Mike and junior pass the hose up . 13 int . tenement apartment 13 gordy aim the nozzle at the hole he start in the ceiling . turn it on full jet . gordy 's barely able to hold the hose as the high - pressure stream bite into old , decaye plaster . bit by bit the ceiling fall away . gordy 's almost through to the room above , when ... falling debris sever the hose . gordy 's lose pressure . he have not break through . the building 's come down . he 's gotta get outta there . gordy 's not go anywhere . pick up the axe . attack the hole again furiously , until finally ... 6 . 14 gordy 14 break through ! a small hole , which he quickly widen , to reveal ... a terrify latino family gape down at he , they room ablaze around they . gordy reach up . speak to they in spanglish -- gordy it 's okay ... esta bien , esta bien ... come with I ... con mio ... 15 int . tenement hallway 15 gordy lower the family through the floor hole . 16 ext . tenement 16 gordy carry the family 's small child outside . he pass the child to its grateful parent , while ... the rescue firefighter sit on a curb look at a hero and shaking he head in disbelief and admiration . 17 int . upper west side apartment - bedroom - morning 17 anne pitt , thirty , reach out and kill the alarm . she roll over . the other half of the bed 's empty . we hear a child voice from another room . 18 int . matte bedroom 18 Anne open the door to find a exhaust gordy sit on the floor with they four- year - old son , matt . they be building a k'nex spaceship . matt look what we make ! anne Nice rocket ... that take a while . gordy he be awake when I get home . his throat still hurt . anne shit . matt that 's a bad word . gordy you be right . ( continued ) 7. 18 continued : 18 anne sorry . she feel Matt 's forehead . gordy 's do it already . gordy no fever . anne ( to Matt ) you better see Dr. bob. ( to gordy ) and this time , no open fire hydrant to play in till he 's completely well . gordy yes , mar 'am . she lean down and kiss he . there 's passion in it . anne how be you shift ? gordy ( shrug ) the usual . she yawn . start head out . anne dream I do a triple axel in a ice skate championship . gordy ( beat ; call after she ) come back and let I see that leg again . 19 int . bathroom - day 19 gordy hold Matt in he arm as water pour over they . it 's the second child he 's hold in the last few hour . this one be he , this one be safe at home and unafraid : what a father want for he child . we see the deep affection gordy have for he son . he hold Matt tightly , skin to skin , and kiss the boy' wet head ... Anne open the shower door . she 's on the phone . ( continued ) 8. 19 continued : 19 anne Dr. Bob can squeeze he in at twelve . I have a patient relation meeting at twelve - fifteen . can you take he ? gordy I have a game . but yeah , if we do the handoff at the doctor 's . anne ( into phone ) yes , he will be there ... thanks . ( hang up ; to gordy ) five - of in front of Dr. Bob 's . do not be late . ( to Matt ) let 's get you out , sweetie . you father just can not keep you dry . she lead Matt out . close the shower door . gordy stick he face into the water . look back , find ... two bare butt , Anne 's and Matt 's , be press against the shower door 's foggy glass . off gordy , laugh -- 20 ext . spanish harlem - basketball court - day 20 it appear the entire neighborhood 's cramme against the chain - link fence around the court , yell and cheer as a team of local kid from the nyfd athletic League play a team of local kid from the nypd athletic League . gordy 's a nyfd coach , exhort he team at the top of he lung . the rivalry 's intense . the game close . the noise deafen . bet be go down . nyfd go up by one in the final minute . gordy diss a cop coach the oppose team . luis be one of gordy 's kid . a small but talented fifteen - year-old . Luis steal the ball . drive for a unguard lay - up to put the team up by three ... and miss . a opponent recover the ball . the flow shift toward the other end , but Luis be slow adjust , devastate at miss the easy " two . " gordy yell at he to defend . gordy Luis , get back ! pick up you man ! ( continued ) 9 . 20 continued : 20 Luis shake it off . hustle back on " D " as he man get the ball . the opponent 's a step ahead . go up ... and Luis get there to reject he . the crowd love it . the buzzer sound . nyfd win . 21 same scene - gordy and luis - moment later 21 in the game 's immediate aftermath . nyfd celebrate around they . gordy 's proud of Luis . gordy we lose , win , whatever . but one thing we never do . we never , ever give up . right ? off gordy , smile at Luis ... 22 same scene - later 22 the crowd be go . gordy check he watch and start off , when a SOUND draw he attention . 23 gordy Pov 23 Luis walk along the inside of the chain - link fence around the court . a neighborhood gangbanger and he crew match Luis step for step outside the fence , rattling the fence , clearly try to intimidate he . 24 back to scene 24 gordy stalk walk toward they . call -- gordy Luis ... see gordy approach , the gangbanger and crew drift off . reaching Luis -- gordy what be that about ? luis told them I would not play with them anymore . but gordy see Luis be scared . and he see the gangbanger and crew hover nearby wait for gordy to go . 10 . 25 ext . spanish harlem - bodega - day 25 through the window , we see gordy deliver Luis to a Latin man , clearly Luis 's father and the bodega 's owner . we do not hear the word , but we can tell gordy 's compliment the boy to he dad . gordy emerge . check he watch . whistles up a taxi . 26 int . taxi - day 26 traffic jam on Park Avenue South . gordy 's anxious . check he watch . he 's late . to the cabbie -- gordy try fifth . 27 ext . 68 th and madison - day 27 Anne wait on the corner with Matt , play with he spaceship . she check she watch . it 's five of twelve . 28 int . taxi - day 28 fifth Avenue 's also a parking lot . gordy shit . he jam money in the pay dish . gordy I be get outta here . 29 ext . fifth avenue 29 gordy exit the cab and take off run . 30 anne 30 check she watch again . she 's piss now . in b.g. , a cop leave he police cart to write a ticket . a caravan of lincoln navigator pass Anne and turn east on 68th . 31 gordy 31 turn onto 68th . as he run , he jump , try to see Anne and Matt over other pedestrian . 11 . 32 anne 32 in b.g. , the navigator pull up at a building fly the colombian flag . Latin and american man in suit get out of the navigator . 33 ext . 68 th - between fifth and madison 33 gordy dodge pedestrian . still try to get a glimpse of Anne and Matt . the cop we see write ticket earlier be walk the other way . gordy nearly collide with he . at the last moment , the traffic cop shuffles gordy aside . gordy sorry . gordy reach the corner . see Anne and matt. whistles . in b.g. , behind gordy , we see the cop get into a brown Ford . 34 anne and matt 34 hear the whistle . Matt see gordy . matt there he be . Matt wave . 35 gordy 35 wave back , shrug a apology to Anne as he start across the street , when ... 36 intense flash 36 suddenly light up the intersection . in slow motion : 37 SHOCK wave 37 wave roll up 68th past madison ... 38 huge ball of flame 38 erupt behind Anne and Matt ... we hear the enormous bang of the explosion ... 12 . 39 window 39 be suck into million of fragment , a hailstorm of glass ... 40 great chunk of metal 40 -- a engine block -- fly from the ball of flame ... 41 anne 41 instinctively pull she child to she ... 42 gordy 42 see the engine block tumble through the air toward he wife and son . his scream be lose in the thunderous roar all around . 43 gordy Pov - in slow motion 43 the engine block be about to hit Anne and Matt , when ... a fedex truck , window shatter , skid past , wiping out gordy 's line of sight . when the truck clear ... Anne and Matt be go . the corner 's empty . just Matt 's spaceship , slowly fall to the ground ... 44 back to scene 44 there 's a horrible screech . a taxi skid sideways to avoid the fedex truck and hit gordy . he 's in the air , tumble , then smack to the ground . gordy look up , through the smoke and fall debris . then struggle to he hand and knee . gordy Anne ! he try to stand , then fall down , scream in pain , a large shard of glass embed in he leg . people come to help he , but gordy only care about find Anne and Matt . he look around desperately but can not see they , when ... his eye go to the spaceship , in piece on the pavement . ( continued ) 13 . 44 continued : 44 gordy scream out he agony -- gordy noooooo !!! 45 ext . colombian consulate 45 the blast detonate here . some man from the navigator be dead . mike brandt be not . rise from the devastation , gun in hand , as siren wail in the distance . 46 ext . 68 th and madison - later 46 emergency personnel - ems , nypd , nyfd -- swarm the area . two white plastic sheet cover two body . across the street , paramedics work on gordy 's leg . paramedic # 1 we be gonna give you a shot . gordy 's oblivious to the pain . shove he away . gordy I need to see they ! paramedic # 1 we gotta help you right now . paramedic # 2 we have do all we can for them , gordy . 47 another angle 47 FBI agent joe phipp duck under the police tape . reggie dray , a young agent , meet he . as they walk -- dray device function in front of the colombian Consulate just as a motorcade full of brass arrive . phipp who be the brass , and why be they here ? ( continued ) 14 . 47 continued : 47 dray no one 's talk yet , but it smell high - level . there be colombian and Americans in the car . Three of them eat it . guy on the phone -- he indicate brandt , talk on a cell phone . dray -- be one of the survivor . name 's brandt . c.i.a. that get phipp ' interest momentarily . then , as they continue toward the consulate , he notice security camera on the building . phipp check the surveillance camera ? dray we be pull up the video now . phipp ( stop ; look around ) where 's n.y.p.d. on this ? dray they know it 's ours . they be help with shoe-leather . phipp ' eye go to the white sheet up the street . dray we get two dead bystander , a mother and four- year - old son . the father 's over there with a leg wound . ( indicate gordy ) guy 's a lieutenant with the New York f.d . phipp anybody talk to he yet ? dray we have be give he room . 48 back to gordy 48 in b.g. , Mike , the veteran firefighter in gordy 's engine company , look under the sheet with a cop . ( continued ) 15 . 48 continued : 48 junior put a gentle hand on gordy 's shoulder . junior gordy . gordy look up he , meet he eye . junior I and Mike be here . gordy ... I be late ... they should not have be there ... junior it 's not you fault . gordy I need to see they . Mike have walk up , lay a comforting hand on gordy . mike no . you do not need to see them that way , gordo . junior spot a news camera crew focus on gordy 's grief , call at a cop . junior get that goddamn people outta here ! phipp , approach with dray , address the same cop . phipp put that tape out fifty more foot . the cop begin move the camera crew back . phipp continue to gordy . a paramedic look up at Mike . paramedic # 1 he need to go to the hospital . we can not take that glass out . mike if he 's not bleed to death , leave he . he 's not move till they do . ( continued ) 16 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 phipp have hear and understand . to dray , be : body -- phipp chalk them and move them . dray go . phipp turn to gordy and the two firefighter stand with he . address Mike -- phipp we gotta get on this quick . I need to talk to he . beat . Mike nod . to gordy -- phipp Mr. Pitt , if you can you tell I ... what would you see ? gordy ( look up ; beat ) what would I see ? I see my family die . Mike put a restrain hand on gordy . mike this guy do not do the bombing , gordo . he 's just try to get the people who do . beat . gordy ease up . then , after a moment , defeat -- gordy I do not see anything except the explosion . beat . phipp see that 's all he 's gonna get . phipp I know this be hard . I be sorry I have to bother you . phipp go . gordy look over as the body of Anne and Matt be place on gurney and roll away . chalk outline be all that remain of he family . beat . mike we be gonna roll you to the hospital now and get that glass out . 17 . 49 angle - phipp 49 walk back to the consulate . he approach brandt . phipp Joe phipp . f.b.i. counter - terrorism task force . brandt Mike brandt . phipp what get this place blow up ? brandt we will have this discussion somewhere else more secure , after I get you clearance . phipp whatever it take . but I get a bomber in the wind . I need everything you can give I , and I need it now . 50 int . hospital emergency room - night 50 gordy 's on a gurney on a i.v. , he thigh heavily bandage . junior and the rookie , ronnie , be with he , but there 's no chatter -- gordy 's shut down , oblivious to everyone around he . another angle Mike be on a cell phone nearby as sal , the other veteran from the engine company , enter and approach he . into the phone -- mike hang on . Mike turn he attention to sal , who 's clearly blow away by the bad news that bring he here -- sal dammit ... mike tell I about it . sal how 's he hold up ? ( continued ) 18 . 50 continued : 50 mike he 's shut down ... we be hope they would keep he here , and he would not have to go home right away , but they be cut he loose . sal want I to stay at home with he ? mike rookie 's take the first shift . I be just get the schedule at the firehouse rearrange now . Mike go back to the phone , and sal cross to gordy . he put a hand on gordy 's shoulder , grip it firmly . sal hey . get here as fast as I could . gordy see he , but say nothing . sal I know it suck ... it really suck ... gordy can not go there . beat . sal release he grip . sal how 's the leg ? ronnie cut 's deep , but no major vessel be severe . he 's get a load 'o silk hold it all together . junior , who step off to talk to a cop , now come back . junior just come over the police radio ... Consulate surveillance camera catch the bomber in the act . he be disguise as a cop . gordy look over . what junior just say have trigger something . gordy ... I see he ... I see a cop . gordy yank out he i.v. , and start to get up . ( continued ) 19 . 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 sal christ. gordy ... but gordy 's already on he foot , already move . gordy I gotta help them get the bastard . 51 int . underground garage - FBI incident CENTER - night 51 a well - light , section - off area of the garage secure by a chain - link fence . phipp enter . as he pass dray , already there -- phipp how long before we have a secure computer network ? dray a hour . they be building it now . phipp move to a forensic expert hover over a table of small fragment . phipp what do you get ? forensic expert # 1 piece of a pager oxidize with trace element of semtex . probably the trigger device . they dial it up , probably from a cell phone , and boom ... he pick up a microchip . forensic expert # 1 ... this be the memory chip . I can build it into a work pager and maybe get a number readout . phipp do it . phipp move to the next work area , where another forensic expert study video from a consulate surveillance camera . 20 . 52 on screen 52 in super slow - mo , we see a cop -- the one who later bump into gordy -- in front of the consulate . his hat be pull down over he eye , almost conceal he tinted glass . as the cop face more toward the camera , the expert freeze-frames . to phipp -- 53 forensic expert # 2 53 forensic expert # 2 that 's as much face as we get . he be careful to duck the camera . phipp run a total analysis . I want to know if this asshole 's right or left-handed . I want everything you can get outta this film . phipp keep move , enter a eerie recreation of the blast site . street , building , etc . be mark out on the garage floor . piece of the navigator rest in front of the area mark " consulate ; " part of a nypd traffic scooter rest in front of the navigator ; " X 's " mark where Anne and Matt be stand . phipp cross to another agent . phipp any helpful information come outta colombia ? agent not yet . Sat - Intel have not pick up any related data-traffic , either . dray walk up . dray Gordon Pitt 's here . he say he see a cop at the scene . 54 same scene - later 54 gordy , accompany by Mike and ronnie , sit in front of a video monitor . phipp and dray look on . 55 on screen 55 a police cart pull up outside the consulate . ( continued ) 21 . 55 continued : 55 phipp the cart be steal from the Central Park precinct yesterday . the cop get out of the scooter . gordy that 's he . that 's the son of a bitch I bump into . the cop ticket a vehicle , then walk west out of frame . phipp the bomb 's in the cart . 56 phipp 56 reverse the video , freeze - frame on the cop . phipp we think the bomb be trigger by a cell phone . the guy do not have one in he hand here . do you see a cell phone when you run into he ? gordy ... no . phipp how much time pass between then and the explosion ? gordy ... second ... five , ten ... phipp we think maybe he get into the brown Ford . you see he then ? gordy all I care about be get to my wife and boy . dray ( to phipp ) guy still have enough time to get out a phone and dial it in . ( continued ) 22 . 56 continued : 56 phipp ( beat , then , by way of end it ) we might need to call you in again to look at some photo . beat . gordy look back at the grainy image of the cop . gordy ... I touch he ... 57 ext . cemetery - day 57 a bagpiper play " amazing Grace . " reveal gordy hold Matt 's small coffin as Anne 's be lower into the ground . gordy 's man be around he , along with many other nyfd personnel , family and friend . a second bagpiper farther away in the cemetery , pick up the song , begin play it in a round with the first . Matt 's coffin be take from gordy . as it be lower ... a third bagpiper , farther away still , begin play the song with the other two . one by one the first and second bagpiper finish they round , until there be just the third -- a haunt , mournful wail off into the distance . and then ... there 's only silence . 58 int . gordy apartment - matte bedroom - night 58 gordy stand at a open closet door . he lean in , bury he face in Matt 's clothes and smell they . smell he son . 59 int . live room - night 59 the tv be on low , tune to the news . gordy be alone , slump in a chair . 60 news anchor 60 news anchor ( v.o. ) ... the bombing that leave a mother and son dead and New York City numb take on a new dimension today when a notorious Latin american terrorist take credit for the attack . 23 . 61 gordy 61 have rouse from he despondency , turn up the volume as the report ( contain visual ) continue -- 62 news anchor 62 news anchor ( v.o. ) in a e-mail to the New York Times , a marxist extremist know only as ' the Wolf , ' state that the bombing be , quote , ' not a act of terror but a act of war , aim at stop you c.i.a. murderer and they fascist puppet from commit further act of repression against the people of colombia , ' unquote ... two colombian official and a american military officer die in last Thursday 's blast . also kill be Anne Pitt , wife of a New York City firefighter , and they only child , four - year - old Matt ... the President have vow that the United States will avenge what he call ' this monstrous act of barbarism and cowardice ' ... Intelligence source say the identity and whereabouts of the Wolf remain a mystery . they believe he have work closely with radical element in Latin America for more than twenty year and have link he to numerous terrorist bombing , include the 1983 down of a peruvian airliner , which kill forty - two people , eleven of they Americans ... the head of the Latin America indigenous people 's Committee , a group know to be sympathetic to the radical in colombia , talk to News six in queen . 63 gordy 63 watch as ephraim ortiz- dominguez a Latin man in he forty , come on the screen . 24 . 64 ortiz -dominguez 64 ortiz - dominguez ( v.o. ) I can not speak for the Wolf or he action . I would only repeat that the leftist guerrilla in colombia be not terrorist but freedom fighter in a war be wage against they by the U.S. and colombian government . government who wish only to protect a system that line the pocket of corrupt politician and multi-national profiteer . ( jump cut ) the death of the woman and little boy be regrettable , but you government inflict they all the time . Yugoslavia , Iraq ... you call it ' collateral damage ' ... 65 int . vacant second-floor office ( queen ) - night 65 a FBI surveillance team have take over the office . Three agent work video and audio recording device . a camera point out the window to a line of storefront across the street . the light be on in one building with a sign read " ipc " ( indigenous people 's Committee ) . the FBI agent listen to live audio from the ipc office . ortiz - dominguez ( v.o. ) rosetta , I say mustard on the side . you will have to go back . FBI surveillance agent know what crack I up about commy ? they be all 'equality this , equality that , ' and they be all chauvinist . listen to that fuck guy . what they hear , however , be rosetta scream as a door crash open . ortiz - dominguez ( v.o. ) what do you want ? glass shatter . thing be broken . 66 video monitor 66 the video monitor show gordy wreck the ipc office with a baseball bat . 25 . 67 int . ipc office - night 67 gordy smashes office equipment leave and right . ortiz - dominguez and rosetta cower as gordy vent he pent - up , end -of - the-world rage use the bat the way we see he use a fire axe . gordy approach ortiz-dominguez with the bat . back he up against a desk . ortiz -dominguez please ... the FBI agent crash in . FBI surveillance agent Mr. Pitt ! gordy just stare down at ortiz-dominguez . FBI surveillance agent this be not the way to do thing . gordy still do not move . FBI surveillance agent this guy be only mouthpiece . beat . then gordy swing the bat . hard. and ... destroy the computer monitor next to ortiz-dominguez . gordy toss the bat aside . to the shaking Latin -- gordy how 's that for collateral damage ? 68 int . FBI ( new york ) - phipp ' office - night 68 gordy sit across from phipp . dray be present . phipp Mr. Ortiz - dominguez have agree not to press charge if you make full restitution . gordy I have already pay . with my family . beat . phipp see it 's pointless to insist . to dray -- phipp take care of it . ( continued ) 26 . 68 continued : 68 dray head out , pass Mike brandt , who enter . phipp gordy , this be Mike brandt . brandt Mr. Pitt . gordy just look at he . brandt I be very sorry for you loss ... I lose people , too . phipp ... Mike be in the motorcade that day ... he 's the chief U.S. intelligence officer oversee colombia . brandt do not worry , Mr. Pitt , we be gonna get the son-of - a-bitch . gordy you know where he be ? brandt we believe the Wolf 's in hide in a area of colombia control by the e.l.c. , extreme marxist guerrilla ... he think he 's in a safe haven . brandt let " think " sink in . phipp I know it 's hard for you right now , Mr. Pitt . we be all sorry . but why do not you go home . we be take care of thing . beat . brandt proffer a business card . brandt here 's my card . call I any time . gordy take it . just sit there a long moment , then -- gordy what kind of twisted people do thing like this ? beat . brandt and phipp do not have a answer . 27 . 69 int . new york time - bullpen - day 69 gordy talk to a Latin reporter , ernie orosco . orosco you interested in the big picture or all the unpleasant detail ? gordy my family die because of what 's go on down there . I want to know all I can . orosco search for a start point . then -- orosco well , basically , the situation in colombia suck ... as orosco continue ... 70 montage - day / night 70 over the course of a week : 1 . gordy take picture , etc. , off a wall in he home . he pin up photo of Anne and Matt at the top of the wall . beneath they he pin up a large map of colombia . orosco ( v.o. ) ... the government 's be fight different marxist faction for over thirty - five year . for most of that time , it be win ... 71 new york public library 71 2 . at the New York Public Library , gordy use microfilm file and computer access to the web to search out information on colombia and the Wolf . orosco ( v.o. ) ... suddenly the guerrilla begin chopping them up . High - tech weapon and equipment , well - train troops , aggressive hit - and - run tactic , all finance by extortion , kidnap and collect tax from dope grower . it 's big money , and they put it to use ... 28 . 72 gordy 72 3 . gordy pin up various colombia-relate article and picture on the wall , include the surveillance camera still of the Wolf from the front page of the New York Post . orosco ( v.o. ) ... the government get scared . in 1998 , to jump start peace talk , it give a coalition of guerrilla group temporary control over much of southern colombia ... the first communist stronghold on a american continent ... 73 gordy 73 4 . gordy draw a line around the guerrilla zone . orosco ( v.o. ) ... but there have be few talk and no peace . and the colombian military can not get near the guerrilla zone , especially around the town of caguan , where the e.l.c. kick ass and take no prisoner ... 74 gordy 74 5 . gordy circle and label the elc - control area . orosco ( v.o. ) ... and that 's where we come in . supposedly , to help eliminate narco operate in the guerrilla zone . but some well - inform people think that 's just a excuse to hit the guerrilla themselves , since they be wrap around the drug trade ... we be there , we be involved ... if we stay , the only real question be which Vietnam War we be gonna have . the one some feel we could have win or the one we lose ... 75 gordy 75 6 . gordy watch a documentary about colombia which show rebel , army troops , death squad , firefight , and with atrocity and body on both side . ( continued ) 29 . 75 continued : 75 orosco ( v.o. ) ... bottom line ? the place be as dangerous as a snakepit . you have get the different guerrilla group , c.i.a. , f.b.i. , d.e.a. , colombian military , U.S. military , right - wing death squad -- and the only thing they have all manage to do be destroy a beautiful country and inflict suffer on the real people ... hey , I be colombian , and I will never go back ... off gordy 's pack wall ... 76 same scene - another day 76 as gordy close the front door , reveal Mike , the firefighter , who 's just come in and now stand stare at the wall , clearly whelmed by the level of compulsion this must have require . mike have not hear from you in a couple day . gordy be busy . mike yeah . I can see that . gordy 's obsessed , totally consume by he project . he point at a picture of heavily - armed guerrilla . gordy e.l.c. attack platoon ... this asshole kill innocent people all the time in colombia . gordy indicate a newspaper article . gordy thirteen dead in a bus. ( indicate another ) a market . twenty -seven dead . ( another ) a whole family ... Anne and Matt do not mean shit to they . ( indicate the Wolf ) or he . Mike interrupt , try to divert he to something else . ( continued ) 30 . 76 continued : 76 mike hey , we never turn down free beer , and rookie 's buy , you believe that ? he certified today , he 's off probation . gordy ( still look at wall ) ronnie could not find a fire with both hand . mike ( smile ) yeah . let 's go tell he that . gordy do not react . beat . more serious now -- mike c'mon , gordo . gordy hear the tone . look over and meet Mike 's eye , see the genuine concern there . mike we be not gonna let them drink all the beer , be we ? off gordy ... 77 int . bar - day 77 tv on in b.g. gordy 's with Mike , sal , junior and ronnie . they have emptied a few pitcher . mike low on beer , ronnie . ronnie yeah . I will get more . he get up and head for the bar . to gordy -- mike I will tell you what will be great : when you get back to work with we . junior yeah , how long be it ? sal week , two week ? ( continued ) 31 . 77 continued : 77 gordy shrink say ten more day . sal like I say . mike Fucking doorknob they put in temporary command ... gordy Morgan , the guy from 23 , right ? junior what a jerkoff . sal even make you look good , gordo . ronnie yell over from the bar -- ronnie hey , gordy -- the guy look over as the bartender turn up the volume on the tv . 78 on screen 78 we see the President 's National Security advisor step up to a podium to give a statement . national security advisor ( v.o. ) today , at 0700 hour Eastern daylight time , a joint United States / colombian strike force launch a full - scale assault at a base camp of the Army of colombian Liberation , or e.l.c. , in Southern colombia . the purpose of the mission be to punish the people behind the brutal bombing in New York City ten day ago ... we be presently evaluate after-action report from special Operations Group , but feel confident that we have accomplish we mission ... cheer throughout the bar . Mike quiet they . ( continued ) 32 . 78 continued : 78 national security advisor ( v.o . ) ... at this time , we believe the man responsible for carry out the New York bombing , the terrorist know as the Wolf , be among the enemy dead . 79 new angle 79 Big cheer now . toast all around . everyone in the place be happy for gordy , who sit there a moment try to absorb the news , then bury he face in he hand . 80 int . firehouse - truck BAY - night 80 the dalmatian whizze on the hydrant outside . sal play chess in the open door with the neighbor kid . ronnie polish chrome on the truck . gordy hold up the break remain of he ice cream maker as junior look on . gordy I be go three week and this place fall apart . junior the temp lieutenant put it out back , and Art hit it with he truck . ronnie ( call to gordy ) we be have problem with the portable pump again , too . gordy who back over that ?... my tool still here ? sal upstair in you locker . gordy figure you guy would have sell my stuff at a yard sale by now . 33. 81 int . sleeping quarter - night 81 Art 's sleep . gordy open he locker . there be old picture of Anne and Matt still tape inside . he glance at they quickly , then pull out he tool . 82 int . live area - night 82 Mike 's channel - surfing again . gordy go by the door , carry he tool and look in . gordy you ever stay on one channel long enough to hear what they be say ? whereupon Mike land on CNN . CNN anchor ( v.o. ) -- a surprise today -- and then we be on another channel . gordy go back ! go back ! mike what ? but gordy have charge in and grab the remote from Mike , switch channel back to CNN . 83 on screen 83 we see a CNN anchor with a over - the-shoulder graphic show the still of the cop from the consulate surveillance camera with " the Wolf " superimpose . CNN anchor ( v.o. ) ... videotape from the terrorist who call himself the Wolf ... on screen , we now see a homemade video of a mask figure wear a camo floppy hat and a hunter 's mesh face mask with a strange - smile face paint on it in camo earth tone . the Wolf 's body be hide shadow , the voice digitally alter to a deep bass growl . the wolf ( v.o. ) you think you kill I . you do not . I be still here ... we see gordy 's demeanor shift , retreate to the obsessive , seethe hatred he show before . ( continued ) 34 . 83 continued : 83 the wolf ( v.o. ) ... I swear that for every freedom fighter you kill , ten Americans will die . and I will pick the time and the place . and I will enjoy it ... the Wolf slap he palm for emphasis . the wolf ( v.o. ) ... venceremo . the tape end . Mike shake he head . mike this guy , quaddafi , that Bin Laden ... we never get this asshole . off gordy , he spark of life suddenly extinguish ... 83a ext . row of townhouse ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - day 83a the four connect townhouse sit behind gate on a tree - line street in georgetown . a sign read : Latin american Institute . 83b int . latin american institute - brandt' office - day 83b brandt 's on the phone . he 's piss . brandt ... Senator , the failure of one operation should not cause you committee to question financing everything else we be do down there ... donald updegraf , brandt 's number two , enter . brandt ... I know it look bad , and I appreciate you support . together we will get it do ... yeah . ' bye. ( hang up ; to updegraf ) without he father 's money , that asshole would be keep bee for a live ... what ? ( continued ) 35 . 83b continued : 83b updegraf gordy Pitt 's on the phone . brandt no . updegraf he 's call every day . brandt I do not need it . beat . updegraf pick up the phone . updegraf Mr. Pitt , Mr. brandt will have to get back to you . 84 int . gordy apartment - live room - day 84 gordy 's mood be dark . it 's not improve by hearing the bullshit in updegraf 's reply . gordy tell he not to bother . he slam down the phone . rip up brandt 's business card . he 's alone with he frustration , with he rekindle hatred and rage . off gordy , glaring at the photo of the Wolf on he wall ... 85 int . aeropuerto EL dorado ( bogota ) - immigration and 85 custom area - day armed police lead rottweiler through the newly-arrived passenger . find gordy in line . he wear jeans , polo shirt , timberland , carry a backpack . gordy advance to a immigration officer , hand over he document . the agent study gordy 's passport . immigration officer Business or pleasure , senor ? gordy ... pleasure . the agent look up at gordy . look back at the passport . beat . ( continued ) 36 . 85 continued : 85 immigration officer one moment , senor . the agent get the attention of a immigration superior , and the two of they confer out of earshot a moment . the Superior look over at gordy . then approach . immigration superior if you would come with I , please . 86 int . immigration and custom - office - day 86 gordy be there a problem ? the custom Superior close the door . beat . immigration superior we know who you be , Mr. Pitt . gordy say so right there in my passport . immigration superior we be aware you wife and child be kill in the bombing in New York . ( off gordy 's look ) we have c.n.n. here , too . ( then ) it 's better for you to visit another country . for you own sake . gordy ... you give I a choice ? immigration superior yes . but not about stay in colombia . he open the door , address two armed policeman in Spanish . turn back to gordy -- immigration superior this man will escort you onto whatever flight you wish . he hold out gordy 's passport . beat . gordy take it , start out . as he go -- ( continued ) 37 . 86 continued : 86 immigration superior it 's the Wolf you be after , yes ? gordy stop , turn back . he say nothing , but the look on he face speak volume . immigration superior ... then I have just do you a bigger favor than you know . gordy do not respond . just turn and go . 87 int . immigration and custom area - outside office - 87 day gordy 's flanke by the armed policeman , one with a rottweiler . as they walk , a PA announcement in Spanish be repeat in English ... PA announcement ( v.o . ) ... avianco flight 42 to Panama City be now open for board ... avianca flight 42 to Panama City be now open for board . off gordy , have hear the announcement -- 88 ext . pan american highway ( panama ) - day 88 the highway terminate here , far short of colombia . the idea be to inhibit the northbound migration of people and drug . from this point south lie the darien gap , a thick rain forest traverse only by rough trail . a cab with a Panama City logo pull up at road 's end . gordy get out with the panamanian cab driver . the cab Driver indicate a panamanian man wait there with a .9 mm on he hip . cab driver my cousin , ever . ever and gordy exchange nod . gordy how far 's colombia ? the cab Driver indicate distant mountain . ( continued ) 38 . 88 continued : 88 cab driver Beyond that mountain ... the trail be very dangerous , but do not worry , ever will get you there ... you can pay he then ... you can pay I now . gordy pull out he wallet , pay the cabbie . cab driver gracias , senor . the Driver get back inside the cab . out the window -- cab driver que la vaya bien . he drive off . gordy look to ever . ever smile , motion he to follow , then turn south and start walk . as gordy fall in behind ... 89 ext . darien gap - various shot - day 89 gordy and ever pass through pristine tropical rain forest . 90 near stream 90 rush fiercely through the jungle , ever use he machete to cut two length of bamboo . he hand one to gordy and indicate how they will ford the stream . gordy nod , then follow ever 's lead into the perilous , belly - deep water . they struggle to maintain they balance , even with the stick . when they reach the opposite bank , ever sign okay to gordy and smile . 91 helicopter carcass 91 they pass the carcass of a crash and burn - out helicopter , when ... two dangerous - look man armed with assault rifle step out of nowhere onto the path ahead of gordy and ever. gordy and ever stop . gordy glance at ever . ever 's focus on the man and clearly do not like what he see . gordy look back . the armed man advance toward they carefully , rifle in the ready position . gordy watch they approach , wonder who they be and what they be go to do . ever , frighten , take a half - step back , then swing the length of bamboo fast and hard , and ... ( continued ) 39 . 91 continued : 91 he smashes it into the base of gordy 's head , knock gordy out . the man run up . one man cover gordy , while ever and the other man rifle he pack and toss he pocket . they take he passport , wallet , and a nyfd T-shirt . and then they be go . 92 close on hummingbird 92 hover over gordy as he come to . as it fly off ... 92a gordy 92a sit up . feel the bloody lump on he head . it hurt , but it 's not serious . he search he pocket and backpack , realize the passport and wallet be miss . gordy stand . look around . he 's alone . he 's in the jungle ... he keep head south . 93 ext . darien gap - various shot - day 93 gordy trudge on . the thick jungle 's hot and humid , full of strange sound and shadowy animal movement . gordy 's go uphill , when he round a bend in the trail , and ... he meet a man come the other way . alarm give way to the realization that the man be follow by a number of people , include woman and child . as they pass gordy , it 's apparent they be refugee from they haunt expression and crude backpack heavy with possession ... gordy address the pass people . indicate where he 's stand . gordy aqui? colombia ?... no one reply . then a small colombian girl come up and get he attention . she run back up the trail a short distance and stop . she draw a line in the dirt . colombian girl Panama . she jump backward over the line . ( continued ) 40 . 93 continued : 93 colombian girl colombia . she do it again . colombian girl Panama ... colombia . she smile . at the sound of a sharp whistle , however , she run back quickly , pass gordy and rejoining she family . her father hand she a machete and a Zippo lighter , say something to she . whereupon the little girl return to gordy and hold the item out to he . beat . gordy take they . gordy gracias . the little girl run back again , and gordy watch the refugee disappear around the bend . then turn back uphill and approach the line the little girl draw in the dirt . look down at it . cross over mean he walk into a world dangerous enough to cause this people to flee for they life , and ... just as gordy charge into the fire - engulf tenement past a tide of more sensible rat go the other way , he now step over the line and advance into colombia . 94 ext . parque nacional los katio ( colombia ) - day / night 94 where the rain forest of darien continue in colombia . darkness set in as gordy follow the trail downhill . at night , the jungle's even noisier . when ... everything goe quiet . gordy slow . and suddenly , automatic weapon begin to pop somewhere . not close , but not far , either . a few burst , some single shot -- the call and response of a ambush -- and then silence . and then the nighttime jungle noise return . as gordy walk on ... 95 ext . parque nacional los katio - morning 95 the sun be already cooking the jungle as gordy reach a break in the tree , see a small town ahead . 41 . 96 nearby - moment later 96 gordy have leave the trail . he lower he pants just enough to expose he injure thigh . a bandage cover the wound make by the glass shard . gordy unwrap the bandage , revealing ... a wad of cash be hide inside , along with a photo of Anne and Matt . a long , livid scar mark the wound . gordy study the photo of Anne and Matt a moment , then remove some cash from the wad and re-wrap the money and photo inside the bandage . 97 back on trail 97 gordy head into the town . 98 ext . / int . chiva - night 98 one of the colorful , wretchedly overcrowded bus that ply colombia 's back - country road . as the chiva jolt and shudder over the dirt road , gordy sleep . he 's a object of some curiosity -- not only a gringo , but a virtual Gulliver in comparison to the small - stature colombian press in around he . 99 ext . finca ( colombia ) - day 99 a sprawling farm / estate deep in the countryside . Beyond the hacienda , we see a military compound contain tent and three heavily camouflage helicopter shelter . a recently arrive Light observation helicopter ( loh ) sit on a chopper pad with its rotor still turn . 100 int . hacienda - day 100 full of manned hi-tech command - and -control and surveillance equipment . a colombian military operation officer , rocha , wait with a aide . brandt arrive with updegraf . brandt find you fuck leak ? rocha not yet . and it could be you fuck leak . ( continued ) 42 . 100 continued : 100 brandt all due respect , Noel , it 's not likely ... and we do not need the whole world look into what we be do down here ... we find the son-of - a-bitch again , we be bypass protocol ... updegraf have have papers hand to he and interrupt -- updegraf check this out . he hand a paper to brandt . brandt read it . brandt Jesus Christ ... updegraf ( to rocha ) the man whose wife and son die in New York . one of you unit find he passport and credit card on some gunrunner near Panama . gunrunner say they leave he alive . brandt what , he think he can get the Wolf himself ? rocha we have too much time and too many people invest to have a loose cannon walk around . brandt ( beat ; hand papers to rocha ) throw out the net . have he pick up ... just make sure no one kill he . flash -cut to : 101 explosion 101 boom ! a enormous explosion . and ... 43. 102 ext . / int . chiva - night 102 gordy bolt awake from the nightmare with a scream . he look around at the startle face in the crowded bus , unsure where he be for a moment before he get he bearing . the dream linger , depress he . 103 angle - ahead of chiva 103 a oncoming bus flash its headlight . as the bus pass , the oncoming driver yell to gordy 's chiva driver . oncoming driver inspecion militar . chequeo de papele . 104 second chiva 104 keep go . gordy 's chiva slow to a crawl , and the Driver call back . gordy chiva driver inspecion militar . chequeo de papele . various passenger gather they thing and begin to disembark in a hurry . to anyone who will answer -- gordy habla ingle ?... que pasa ? a man in a yankee cap be among the people get off . he answer in accented English . man in yankee cap there be a military checkpoint up the road . they inspect everyone 's papers . 105 bus 105 start to pick up speed again . gordy get off just in time . to the man in the yankee cap -- gordy where be all of you go ? man in yankee cap we walk around . the man head into the forest . beat . gordy follow . 44 . 106 ext . forest - night 106 to the man in the yankee cap as they walk -- gordy none of this people have papers ? man in yankee cap some have the wrong papers . some have none ... the man put a finger to he lip , hush gordy . they have come abreast of the checkpoint , which can be see in the distance through the tree . colombian soldier have the chiva block as they perform they inspection . the chiva 's diesel growls loudly . when suddenly ... 107 figure 107 we see figure move in the forest between the group and the checkpoint . and then ... the forest erupt in a deafen fusillade of automatic weapon FIRE be direct at the soldier at the checkpoint . in the same instant , a rpg take out a colombian Army humvee in a bright , fiery explosion . man in yankee cap alsuelo ! 108 man 108 the man pull gordy down as the group hit the dirt . the gunfire continue . on the ground , to gordy -- man in yankee cap guerrilleros . the attack rage furiously for twenty second , then wane to sporadic gunfire . other weapon be firing now , too -- clearly the Army be finally mount a defense . and then ... 109 forest 109 we hear the sound of people crashing through the forest . they be run toward gordy and the group . the crashing get closer . and now gordy begin to hear the breathless panting of the guerrilla in retreat . boot thud past gordy 's head . when suddenly ... ( continued ) 45 . 109 continued : 109 one of the run guerrilla trip over gordy and go sprawling . the guerrilla , wear the motley uniform of a irregular soldier , whip a look back , and ... gordy find himself stare into the battle - harden eye of a fierce young woman . in a heartbeat ... the woman jump back to she foot , and join she comrade lay down a suppress FIRE at the soldier . spend cartridge rain down around gordy , as the AK - 47 on full auto chop loudly over he head . and then ... 110 new angle 110 the guerrilla be go . the man in the yankee hat haul gordy up , yell -- man in yankee cap vaya ! the group be in the great danger now -- catch between the flee guerrilla and the soldier , who be give chase and will shoot anyone or thing in front of they . everyone in the group scramble to he or she foot and begin to run . and ... Soldiers do notice they and begin to FIRE . 111 foliage 111 bullet shreed the foliage around gordy , whipping past he head ... he and other keep run . a man go down when a bullet bite into he leg . gordy slow , but the man in yankee cap will not let he stop to help . slam he hard on he back . keeps push gordy forward . a few moment later , we hear m - 16' on full auto back where they leave the man . man in yankee cap his trouble be over . 112 ext . SMALL river 112 the powerful torrent roar through the forest . gordy and the other reach the near bank , where the path drop into the water to reappear on the opposite bank . the man in the yankee cap be in the lead . he plunge into the fast water up to he waist . gordy and the rest splash in behind , struggle to cross against the swift current . the man in the yankee cap reach the far bank . take two step , and ... 46 . 113 explosion 113 boom ! a explosion rip into he . 114 gordy and other 114 stop mid-stream , but one of the group , a young woman , believe the blast be cause by the pursue military , continue struggle to cross . a older man look , see the blast-hole . older man mina . gordy realize the old man 's say " land mine . " to the young woman -- gordy no ! gordy move to catch she . just manage to stop she as she reach the far bank . gordy point to where the land mine detonate . gordy mina ... mina ... beat . slowly , the terrify young woman respond to the strong , calm tone of command in gordy 's voice and the unpanick , reassure look on he face . gordy bring she back to the group , which fight to stand in the rush river . he indicate for they to hold hand for stability . motion for they to stay . gordy Alto . 115 gordy 115 leave the group in the middle of the river . the gunfire be now far - off and sporadic . he cross to the water 's edge on the far bank . pull the Zippo from he pack and lean over . use the flame to illuminate the mud and rock immediately in front of he . scratch lightly at the ground with the machete , search for mine . find nothing in that spot . and step onto it . search the ground and scratch at it with the machete before each step , gordy inch toward the man in the yankee cap . Three step from the river ... ( continued ) 47 . 115 continued : 115 he find a small , round anti-personnel mine the size of a hockey puck . he inch past it . move past another . and another . to the writhe man in the yankee cap -- gordy do not move ... do not move ... 116 new angle 116 finally , gordy reach he . one of the man 's leg be miss below the knee . he 's bleed from various other wound as well . gordy use the Zippo to inspect the area for more mine . then kneel in a footprint . gordy you will be okay ... you will be okay . he take a bandanna from the man and tie a tourniquet around he thigh . by way of distracting he -- gordy guerrilla bastard . man in yankee cap no ... military ... to stop guerrilla . beat . gordy finish the tourniquet , when he see ... 117 young man 117 have leave the group and emerge from the river in a different place to avoid the mine . gordy 's eye go to something glisten in front of the young man -- a taut nylon line ten inch off the ground . the kid 's about to hit it . gordy shout -- gordy no! Alto ! the young man hear the alarm in gordy 's voice and stop ... but not before he plant he next step , and ... the trip wire bow against he shin , and ... gordy duck , cover the man in the yankee cap , and ... nothing happen . the young man just stand there , freeze in position , he leg still bow the line . ( continued ) 48 . 117 continued : 117 use the Zippo again to light he way , gordy advance to the young man . he follow the trip wire to where a coca - cola can hang from a nearby tree . on closer inspection , gordy can see the can be sleeve around a grenade . there 's no pin in the grenade . the can keep the grenade 's arming spoon in place . the trip wire 's design to yank the can off , allow the grenade to explode at chest level ... and the can 's almost off . gordy burn through the monofilament trip wire . then carefully slide the Coke can back over the grenade . 118 man in yankee cap - moment later 118 when gordy return , the man 's dead . off gordy , look down at the NY logo on the cap ... 119 ext . / int . another chiva - day 119 gordy see a sign for a town as the chiva rumble along . he pull out he map . 120 insert - map 120 gordy find the town , which lie along a river . he trace a road from the town . the road run south through the town of mompos , and eventually reach caguan , the elc capital . 121 back to scene 121 a colombian woman be look over gordy 's shoulder . colombian woman no autobuss para este lugar . solamente el barco en el rio . she lean over , trace the river , which also run to caguan . colombian woman El rio . 122 ext . ferry dock - day 122 the ferry' whistle toot . line be cast off . ( continued ) 49 . 122 continued : 122 two plainclothes federale have be watch the ferry load and now relax they vigil . one man hold a xerox of gordy 's passport photo . the other bite into a empanada , which break open and spill its content down the front of he shirt . his partner find it funny . he do not . and while they attention 's occupy ... gordy hurry by , oblivious to the federale ' presence , and just manage to hop onto the ferry as it pull away . 123 ext . ferry - day 123 the ferry 's the only mean of travel south , and it 's pack . gordy pick he way through . the only other gringo on the boat be a geek in a plaid shirt and gimme hat that say " deerborn . " the geek , philip armstrong , look like a talker , and gordy try to avoid eye contact . he 's too late . armstrong hey , yo , dude , here 's a seat , man ! gordy no , that 's okay -- but armstrong 's already throw a bag off the bench . armstrong I be hope for someone I could communicate with . he see gordy have not move . armstrong only room 's at the back near the bano , and I would advise against it , unless you like poop . beat . gordy sit . immediately -- armstrong Philip armstrong . assiniboia , sasketchewan , canada. ( indicate he hat ) deerborn heavy equipment . gordy ... gordy Pitt . armstrong hey , howya do ? I love Germany . ( continued ) 50 . 123 continued : 123 gordy Austria . american now . armstrong I love America . never be to Austria . where from in America would that be ? gordy New York City . armstrong I do not like New York City . building be too big . what kinda work you in ? gordy ( hesitates , then ) coffee . I buy bean . armstrong can not drink caffeine . make my stomach do the rumba . I like that commercial guy with the sombrero and the mule , though . headed upstream , eh ? where to ? gordy caguan . armstrong ... you have never be to caguan , eh ? gordy how do you know ? armstrong ' Cause no one in they right mind would ever go back . caguan 's in the guerrilla zone run by the e.l.c. e.l.c. as in ' extra loathsome Communists . ' they do not care , and they kill . I be go there myself . but I have a ' get outta jail free ' card . armstrong doff he cap , undoe a safety pin secure a card inside the crown . show it to gordy . sotto -- ( continued ) 51 . 123 continued : ( 2 ) 123 armstrong e.l.c. travel pass . I can go anywhere I want . ( by way of explanation ) everyone need equipment fix . armstrong carefully return the card to the hat . and now he voice take on a noticeably more measure tone -- armstrong if you do not have one of this , you do not want to be up there , gordy . beat . gordy 's contemplate the warning , when he eye go to a small , sleepy boy stand nearby on the cramped deck , lean against he father . gordy reach over and tap the boy . the boy look over . shrink away at the sight of the large gringo . the father notice and look at gordy , who stand , indicate he seat . gordy por favor . the father 's also apprehensive , do not move . gordy con mucho gusto . finally , the father accept , sit down with the sleepy boy on he lap . nod he thanks at gordy , who then gaze down at the son . a kid about Matt 's age . armstrong recognize the look of a caring dad . armstrong get kid , eh ? off armstrong , as gordy walk away ... 124 ext . jungle - day 124 two colombian armed man wear guerrilla uniform bear a distinctive elc patch be walk a trail , when the man in front notice something odd . he stop . lead the other man back a few step . look into the foliage along the trail . something do not seem right . he extend he AK - 47 . prods a hump of greenery with the rifle butt , and in a flash ... the greenery suddenly transform into two man wear face - paint and full - body military camouflage gear and point twin cocked - and -locked car - 15 assault rifle at the head of the startle guerrilla . 52 . 125 ext . CIA hacienda - day 125 brandt stub a butt as a colombian sog group do killer training nearby . updegraf open the door . to brandt -- updegraf one of rocha 's infiltration team just radioe in ... we get we big break ... 126 ext . ferry - day 126 gordy stand along the rail look out at the lush , beautiful countryside slide past . armstrong join he . armstrong that little kid and I have a nice , long snooze ... we be almost to mompos. ( gaze out ) beautiful country . gordy it better be . a lotta people be die for it . armstrong ( look overboard ) y'know , I have not notice one darn body float downstream this whole trip , have you ? gordy do not respond . beat . gordy I be think ... maybe we could travel together into caguan . you could show I around . armstrong ( shake he head ) pass be only good for one person , if that 's you idea , which I think it be ... besides , I can not risk travel around up there in the company of a big gringo with a dumb -ass cover story about coffee bean . gordy look over . armstrong smile back . beat . ( continued ) 53. 126 continued : 126 gordy I have get money . I will buy the pass from you . armstrong I have work too hard for it . and you do not have that kind of money on you . gordy I will be get some life insurance money -- armstrong ( shaking he head ) it 's all cash and carry down here , gordy . the ferry whistle toot . armstrong mompos ... you want to have some fun , we will hook up later . I always schedule a stopover . to sample the local ware and such . ( wink ) life can be what you make it here on the frontier . gordy no , thanks . armstrong gotta get off the boat anyway . mompos be the last stop . from here into the guerrilla zone you can only travel by panga ... if you change you mind , I will be at the tropicale later . it 's a gringo bar . just follow the cockroach . 127 new angle 127 they see the beginning of mompos . two 4 x4 truck be park on the riverbank . lean , clean - cut man in jeans , tight shirt , cowboy boot and sunglass lean on the truck and watch the ferry pass . armstrong sicarios . death squad . avoid that dude at all cost . 54 . 128 same scene - few moment later 128 the ferry pull up to the dock . the dock street be a culture clash of shanty bar and amazon indian trader , of big -wheel suv and mule cart . there 's a definite air of menace . armstrong federale be look for someone . gordy follow armstrong 's look to two plain- clothes federale , one fat and one thin , stand near the dock watch the boat pull up . when gordy glance back , armstrong be go . 129 ext . mompos ferry dock - day 129 gordy disembark amid the throng of passenger , when the fat federale confront he . fat federale senor Pitt ? gordy look up in surprise at he and the thin federale back he up . fat federale you will have to come with we . gordy why ? fat federale come with we , please . he clamp a hand on gordy 's arm . gordy shake it off and start run . almost immediately , he 's tackle to the ground by the thin federale . two more federale join in . gordy 's not gonna go down easy , though . even as only one against four , gordy 's a formidable challenge . he 's strong , and he 's commit all the way . he 's not get kick out of this country again . it 's not a clean or artful fight . there 's no karate . it 's four man try to tackle a bull , and ... the bull get away . 130 ext . / int . mompos - various shot - day 130 gordy sprint down street with the federale in pursuit . 55 . 131 gordy 131 juke into a local bar . 132 another angle 132 gordy pound out the back of the bar into a litter courtyard , where he 's surround by ten- foot wall . 133 federale 133 blast through the bar . 134 gordy 134 run , jump , launch off a beer keg , and ... 135 top of wall 135 he reach the top of the wall and pull himself up . he 's look out across a block - long run of corrugate tin roof . take off across the roof , each step thunder , as ... 136 federale 136 burst into the courtyard . two man hastily build a stack of box , etc. , against the wall . 137 gordy 137 run as fast as he can across the rooftop , when ... a section of roof give way beneath he foot , just as ... 138 new angle 138 one of the federale finally mount the wall , look across the rooftop ... and gordy 's go . 139 gordy 139 land inside a warehouse room amid sack of rice , bean and coffee . the building be dark and dusty . he lie still and listen . footstep approach across the tin roof overhead . gordy burrow into the bag of rice , pull they over he . 56 . 140 federale 140 on the roof peer down through the hole . scan the warehouse room below with a mini-Mag -lite . 141 gordy 141 see the flashlight beam move past . he hold he breath . beat . then the footstep pass on , recede down the roof . and gordy can breathe again . 142 ext . mompos STREET - night 142 gordy make he way along the main drag of the frontier town . a noisy , neon - light strip of bar and brothel . everyone 's pack a gun . a new dodge City , where death squad sicarios cruise past in 4 x4 's blaring salsa . 143 int . tropicale - night 143 in here , the music' loud rock ' not roll . gringo music for a gringo bar . the place be busy , with plenty of local " hostess " for the man . even armstrong , stand half - crock at the bar , be flanke by two scantily - clad woman . he 's get a spoon hang off he nose . so do one of the girl . armstrong 's try to hang a spoon on the other . gordy slip into the bar . spot armstrong through the crowd . see armstrong 's not wear he cap , when ... the girl with the spoon on she nose turn slightly , revealing she 's wear the cap . it 's on backwards , but now gordy can see the " deerborn " logo clearly . gordy want the guerrilla travel pass inside the cap . it 's a desperate move , but he 's get no choice . start toward the girl , when ... gordy see the thin federale enter the front door . the thin federale see he at the same time . begins move in on he . gordy move faster toward the girl . and ... the girl unwittingly do he a favor by take off the cap and set it on the bar , where it 's easier to grab , and then turn she attention to armstrong 's antic . the thin detective fight through the crowd after gordy . gordy 's almost to the hat . ( continued ) 57 . 143 continued : 143 armstrong 's still have trouble with the second girl 's spoon . armstrong I never meet a nose I could not hang a spoon on . gordy reach the bar , snag the cap . glance back , see the thin federale close in , turn to run out the back , when ... a strong hand stop he . the hand belong to the fat federale . and now the thin federale 's there , too , wield a stun gun where gordy can see it . people in the bar fall silent . everyone but armstrong , who 's finally hang the spoon on the second girl 's nose . armstrong yahtzee ! and now armstong also realize something 's up . turn and see gordy . see the cap in gordy 's hand as the fat federale address gordy -- fat federale come along , Mr. Pitt . whereupon armstrong shout drunkenly at gordy -- armstrong Police catch you try to steal my hat , you asshole ?! he stagger toward gordy . grab the hat . armstrong Fucking hat thief ! armstrong take a drunken swing at gordy , but ... instead of hit gordy , armstrong accidentally - on - purpose clock the fat detective . then hiss into gordy 's ear , clearly not that drunk -- armstrong get outta here -- but then armstrong 's leg will not work as the thin federale jam the stun gun against he neck , and 10,000 volt surprise the armstrong neural network . gordy move against the thin federale in anger , when ... the fat federale zap he with another stun gun , just behind the ear ... and gordy get to know the floor , too . 58 . 144 ext . mompos jail - night 144 the building 's ancient , construct of wood and adobe . 145 int . mompos jail - cell - night 145 the jail might be old , but the cell be secure enough . they be also unsanitary and thoroughly unpleasant . gordy and armstrong be lead in by the federale . the fat federale have armstrong 's hat . he look it over , wonder why gordy want it . then decide he could give a fuck and toss it to armstrong . clang the cell door shut and lock it . leave shaking he head . fat federale gringos ... armstrong 's still unsteady on he foot and sit down on the metal bunk . armstrong that stun gun be not cool . armstrong look down at himself . armstrong have not peed my pants in a real long time . gordy ( beat ) you should not have help I . armstrong yeah , well , I guess all this asshole down here be just start on my nerve . gordy 's silent . it 's over . he 's come up short . he 's go home . armstrong so what the hell do you do to land we in here ? and do not jerk I around , eh ? beat . gordy sit . gordy the Wolf kill my wife and son in New York . ( continued ) 59 . 145 continued : 145 armstrong ... oh , you be that guy , eh? I be sorry , man ... and what , you come down here to even thing out ? gordy just look at he . armstrong do you even have a plan ? gordy yeah . go to caguan , find the Wolf and kill he . armstrong just shake he head . beat . 146 door to cell area 146 bang open . federale lead in two man -- the two guerrilla surprised earlier by the heavy - camouflage infiltrator . the federale be armed with baton and stun gun , take no chance . it 's clear the rebel be not bring here without a struggle , either -- both be cut and bruise . the tougher - look of the two have take a real beat . this beat man be jamme face - first against the bar of gordy 's cell . he make eye contact with gordy while the other rebel be unbound and put into a cell . then the beat man be shove into the cell . a solid , brick wall separate they from gordy and armstrong . armstrong 's see the patch on they uniform . to gordy , sotto -- armstrong e.l.c. beat . armstrong see the look on gordy 's face . by way of a warning -- armstrong if you can not kill they , do not even talk to they . the guerrillas be murmuring in the other cell . one of they laugh . off gordy , listen to the laughing ... 147 int . gordy and armstrong be cell - night 147 two or three a.m. armstrong 's doze . gordy 's still listen to the murmuring of the rebel on the other side of the wall , when ... ( continued ) 60 . 147 continued : 147 there 's a flurry of activity outside the cell area . the door open . Soldiers enter with some federale . gordy watch the soldier move past he cell . rocha be with they . and then ... brandt appear at the bar , look in at gordy . brandt enjoy you trip ? gordy stand , approach . brandt we ask you to leave it to we . gordy and you guy still have not get he . brandt it 's not over yet ... the guy next door be in the Wolf 's elite bodyguard unit . where he go , they go . we be gonna ask question . and we be gonna get answer ... and you be stay right here till we bomber 's dead . brandt go . moment later , a torture scream be hear on the other side of the brick wall , waking armstrong with a start . 148 ext . mompos - various shot - night 148 in a field near mompos , a canopy truck back into position . Men in guerrilla uniform with elc patch get out and pull back the canopy , revealing mortar tube point skyward on a bed of sand . 149 elc guerrilla 149 unit armed with AK - 47 and Light anti-tank weapon ( law ) infiltrate the town . 150 another two -man elc guerrilla team 150 set up a single mortar position overlook the town . one of the man check he watch . beat . he signal . the other man drop a mortar down the tube . whump . 61 . 151 two mortar 151 go in the tube on the truck . whump , whump . 152 another angle 152 boom ! boom ! boom ! a water tower , the mompos fire station and the town 's power supply be direct hit . whump , whump , whump ... 153 int . jail - cell 153 people react to the sound of the mortar attack on the town . the light go out . brandt , rocha and they man quickly lock the guerrilla in they cell and head out . 154 ext . jail 154 as mortar continue to fall on the rest of the town , the unit of guerrilla infiltrator open up on the front of the jail with law rocket . 155 ext . / int . jail 155 ka - boom ! the front door and wall of the jail disintegrate under the multiple law attack . 156 new angle 156 brandt , rocha and the soldier , approach the front door inside , be hammer by the massive concussion of the blast and flung across the room , apparently dead . 157 another angle 157 the powerful , concussive shock - wave channel into the cell area . gordy 's slightly protect by a wall . armstrong , stand at the bar , be throw into the opposite wall and knock unconscious . 158 guerrillas 158 charge inside with aks blazing . survive soldier and federale shoot back . the blast have cause fire in the building . severe wire spark , create more fire . flame begin to spread through the tinder - dry structure . ( continued ) 62 . 158 continued : 158 the guerrilla take out the soldier and federale , with few casualty to themselves . they make they way toward the cell area . exploding ammo and store fuel can accelerate the fire . 159 new angle 159 the guerrilla reach the cell . two man see gordy and draw down on he . the other move to the next cell . guerrilla plant small explosive charge on the hinge of the cell contain they two capture comrade . beat . the hinges blow . the beat man and the rebel with he be freed , and the guerrilla quickly retreat the way they come . gordy see flame spread into the cell area . 160 guerrillas 160 exit the fiery jail past brandt . we see brandt 's not dead . 161 ext . mompos STREET - outside jail 161 a truck pull up . the guerrilla get in . the truck screech out as ... 162 4x4 162 full of sicarios skid onto the street , far ahead of the truck . the sicario drive punch it , and ... 163 two truck 163 roar toward each other . a game of chicken . with gun . Men in both vehicle OPEN up -- the sicarios with magnum and uzis , the guerrilla with aks . slug rip through automotive steel . casualty be take . when ... 164 sicario 164 drive the 4x4 receive a round in the forehead , crank over the steering wheel , and ... 63. 165 speed 4x4 165 do a paris-to - dakar road rally flip , twist and somersault , and ... 166 new angle 166 the 4x4 catapult completely over the guerrilla ' truck , disintegrate into spare part and dead occupant , as ... 167 guerrillas 167 roar off . 168 ext . / int . jail 168 a severely - daze brandt , bleed from the nose and ear , slowly get to he knee , crawl out of the burn building and collapse outside . 169 int . gordy and armstrong's cell 169 there 's fire and smoke everywhere . gordy pick up the metal bunk and slam it against a wall . slam it again . break the metal apart . then lever a long side rail in the cell door . he heave . heaves again . the fire 's lick at he , but gordy 's undeterred . he heave again , and ... this time , the door give . gordy pick up armstrong 's cap , then pick up armstrong , who 's start to come around . put armstrong over he shoulder in a fireman 's carry . gordy do not breathe . armstrong ( weakly ) you be not run through the fire , eh ? gordy Close you mouth . because run through the fire be just what gordy 's gonna do . as he disappear into the flame ... 170 ext . jail - night 170 the town 's in complete chaos . there be fire everywhere . ( continued ) 64 . 170 continued : 170 still stunne and bleed , brandt look from where he lie on the ground as ... gordy burst out of the inferno carry armstrong . they be singe and smoking , but they be alive . gordy drop armstrong , pat himself and armstrong down , knock out the burn ember on they clothes and hair , when ... gordy 's eye meet brandt 's . the two man hold the look for a moment . if brandt could speak , he would be yell at gordy to stop , not to go on . and gordy know it . but gordy 's not stop . pick up armstrong again and move off toward the waterfront . 171 ext . mompos waterfront - night 171 there 's less chaos here . the fire be in the distance . gordy arrive carry armstrong . set he down . gordy I will find a boat to take we upriver . he start to go . armstrong stop he . armstrong no . I tell you . the pass be only good for one person . and you be too dangerous to travel with . beat . gordy reach over and take armstrong 's cap . he look inside . there 's no pass . armstrong it have not be there since we land . gordy 's at a loss . he toss the cap back . just look at armstrong . beat . armstrong sigh . armstrong aw , hell ... I be through with this place anyway ... he take off a boot . shake out some money and the pass . he hand the pass to gordy . ( continued ) 65 . 171 continued : 171 armstrong I will call ahead and tell Felix I be not come , and you be my replacement . he will meet you in caguan and take you to the plantation ... what do you know about diesel engine ? gordy all the fire truck be diesel . armstrong you will have to be austrian , eh ? they hate Americans . name 's gotta change , too , in case they be watch the news . ( beat ) it will buy you a little time to look around caguan . but you will never find the Wolf . beat . gordy stick out he hand . gordy heinrich beckmann . armstrong huh ? gordy my austrian name . armstrong shake hand with gordy . armstrong do not let loose right away . beat . armstrong luck get you this far . but up there , luck do not make it . I hope you know you be gonna die . off gordy , about to step over another line ... 172 ext . river - various shot - day 172 as dawn break over the river , find gordy sit in a motore panga be steer by a local boatman . gordy reach into a pocket and pull out the photo of Anne and Matt . he look at it for a few moment . then pocket it again . 173 same scene - later 173 the panga pass a dead body float downstream . 66 . 174 same scene - later 174 the panga pass revolutionary banner and sign lining the riverbank . boatman La zona guerrillera . 175 same scene - moment later 175 the panga round a bend , and ... two soupe - up bass boat fill with heavily - armed elc guerrilla move to intercept it . the boatman slow , put the panga in neutral and keep he hand in sight . one boat of guerrilla pull alongside . the other sheer off and stop a short distance away , ready to open fire . gordy show the guerrilla he travel pass . one of they take it . read . look gordy over . then start to rip the pass in half , when ... he stop . grin . it 's a big joke . he hand back the pass , search the boat quickly and wave the panga on . off gordy 's relief as the panga head on ... 176 ext . caguan town dock - day 176 the panga arrive , and gordy get out . he 's meet by felix . Felix have a 'mm in a shoulder holster . Felix do not look the least bit happy . felix beckmann . gordy yeah . felix come with I . Felix lead he towards a land cruiser . felix armstrong should have call sooner . we do not like change here ... if I do not need the equipment fix , I would send you back . ( continued ) 67 . 176 continued : 176 they reach the land cruiser . felix but now we have to see the e.l.c. supervisor for caguan . it 's a prospect that seem to concern Felix almost as much as gordy . off which , as they get into the Toyota ... 177 int . elc supervisor's office - day 177 the elc supervisor for caguan may be a marxist , but the clean , well - order office be nicely appoint , with a big-screen Sony and leather furniture . the tv 's tune to CNN . a photo on the wall depict he as a young man wear guerrilla cammy bear with a elc patch and hold a AK - 47 . a brass nameplate read " supervisor " rest on a neat desk , behind which stand the man himself -- a harden , former guerrilla fighter proud of he position . he 's not in cammy now -- he uniform now consist of casual but nice tropical clothing and a fat rolex . Felix be a subordinate here . he and gordy stand across the desk as the supervisor examine gordy 's travel pass . gordy 's nervous about what could appear on the tv in the b.g. , but try not to show it . elc supervisor you passport be steal . gordy in mompos . elc supervisor ... mompos be a shithole . not like caguan ... why do not armstrong come ? gordy he be arrest in ecuador . he get drunk and fool around with a police officer 's wife . the supervisor just look at he , assess gordy 's face for sign he 's lie . gordy 's expression stay the same . Felix respectfully interject . it 's almost a plea . felix ( in Spanish ) we need to fix the equipment . we have delivery deadline to meet . ( continued ) 68 . 177 continued : 177 a long beat . the elc supervisor hand the travel pass back to gordy . in a hard tone to Felix -- elc supervisor ( in Spanish ) he 's you responsibility . do not let he out of you sight . felix si. gracias . as Felix lead gordy away ... 178 int . / ext . land cruiser ( caguan ) - day 178 gordy and Felix pull away from the supervisor 's h.q. Felix resume he former tone of command . felix the supervisor make you my responsibility ... you do not go anywhere without I , you understand ? gordy no problemo . gordy peer out the window intently as they drive , look for a lucky break , look for the Wolf , search the face of every man . he do not see the Wolf , but what he do see surprise he . the elc supervisor be right : caguan 's no mompos . it 's a third - world town , armed troops be visible , and there 's a lot of bad shit behind colombia 's revolutionary , but here the street be calm and orderly . it 's quiet , almost eerie , as people go about they business . off gordy , see another side of the guerrilla ... 179 int . / ext . land cruiser / country road - day 179 Felix turn off at the entrance to a lane lead to the plantation . the entrance be guard by a 4x4 " Rat patrol " assault truck and four heavily armed elc guerrilla . gordy the e.l.c. guard you coffee bean ? Felix think he 's joke . until he look over and see gordy 's actually be sincere . ( continued ) 69 . 179 continued : 179 felix ... coffee bean ? shit. armstrong do not tell you much ... 180 int . / ext . land cruiser - plantation - day 180 they approach a hacienda and outbuilding . the accoutrement of agriculture be present -- tractor , shed , cat , etc . -- but clearly , this be no family farm . there be lot of serious - look man around . more elc guerrilla stand guard . 181 felix 181 stop the car . he and gordy get out . Felix begin lead gordy toward two row of long , open - wall shed . felix the problem 's with the diesel generator . the sons-of- bitch keep break down . 182 new angle 182 they pass four very large pit , where green leave steep in a thick , foul-smelling liquid . felix we be use portable to keep production go , but they do not supply enough power to the heat lamp , and we have to dry a lot of ... ' coffee bean . ' 183 another angle 183 they be now walk between the two row of shed , where portable gas generator thrum , and ... gordy can see long , wide platform inside . above the platform be multiple array of powerful heat lamp . spread out and drying beneath they be a half - acre or two of convert cocaine . 184 in another shed 184 worker pack and wrap one - kilo brick of coke for shipment . 70 . 185 gordy and felix 185 approach the two giant diesel generator . felix we can fix anything , but this keep die on we ... you will start now . I will have tool bring to you . ( beat ) armstrong 's a magician with they . let 's hope you have he skill . Felix walk over to a guerrilla with a AK - 47 and speak to he . then go . whereupon the guerrilla cross to gordy and take up a sentry position over he . 186 same scene - later 186 gordy have the diesel partially dismantle . the guerrilla sentry be still right there . Felix return . felix well ? gordy have to think of something fast . beat . he throw a machine part against a wall angrily . gordy I can not work with this piece of junk . felix junk ? this generator cost a fortune . gordy then treat they that way . felix ( beat , then ) armstrong always fix they . gordy armstrong want you money . he make they work , but he do not fix they ... to do this right , we gotta order part from Europe . in the meantime , I can make something temporary . there must be a machine shop in town . felix ... yes . ( continued ) 71 . 186 continued : 186 gordy stand . gordy let 's go . off Felix , force to acquiesce ... 187 int . / ext . land cruiser ( caguan ) - various shot - day 187 Felix be drive . again , gordy use the opportunity to look for the Wolf . it 's a long - shot , and he know it . but it 's all he can do . 188 empty storefront 188 they pass a empty storefront . a sign on the large , front plate glass window say " cine " and " sabado . " 189 bar 189 they pass a bar . Felix watch it go by with something like a look of desire . gordy register the look and the connection to the bar . 190 int . machine shop - various shot - day 190 gordy select spare part . a clerk wrap the part in a old newspaper , and ... gordy realize he picture be on the paper . he smear grease from he hand over it . 191 ext . machine shop - day 191 gordy finish load the part into the land cruiser . felix let 's get move . gordy I be thirsty . how about you ? want to get something to drink ? Felix pause . we see the look of desire again . gordy 's definitely strike a chord . but Felix quickly stifles it . felix we have to get back . ( continued ) 72 . 191 continued : 191 gordy I have be work all day out in the sun . I need a drink ... nice cold beer ? how about it ? I see a bar in town . Felix really want to , but still hesitates . gordy with the spare part , I will have the generator run in two hour ... we have time for a couple beer . beat . finally -- felix okay . just a beer . maybe two . 192 int . bar - night 192 they have have a lot more than two beer . Felix have , anyway . he 's drunk . he 's also in love with a waitress on he lap , a cute gordita name berta . he pat she . felix this be mine . this be the reason I come here ... right , berta ? I ama ? berta ( play along ) Si , amor . somebody whistle for a drink , and berta go . felix ... she 's hot , be not she ? gordy yeah . Long beat . gordy make the play he 's be contemplate . gordy armstrong say to watch my butt around here . I guess the fuck Americans come down and shoot everyone all the time . felix especially now , since the bomb in New York . ( continued ) 73. 192 continued : 192 gordy yeah , I hear about it . who do it ? Felix be just loose enough . felix the Wolf , and they will never catch he . gordy ever see he ? felix once . gordy where ? felix ( beat ; eye gordy ) if you know too much around here , it can get you kill . gordy 's get all he will get from Felix . he feign nonchalance , smile . gordy tell I what do not get you kill around here . gordy take a swig of beer . when ... gordy see the beaten man from the jail in mompos . the man have just walk in with another guerrilla . gordy barely avoid be see as the guerrilla cross the room . at the bar , the bartender put out two crate of beer . the guerrilla take the beer and head out . no money 's change hand . when they be go , to Felix -- gordy we would better get back , huh ? felix ( check he watch ) ... shit . it 's late . 193 ext . bar - night 193 the two guerrilla be just drive away in a big - wheeled , high ground - clearance suburban as gordy and Felix emerge . Felix be weaving . ( continued ) 74 . 193 continued : 193 gordy keep he eye on the suburban 's tail light and open the land cruiser 's passenger door for Felix . gordy you be too drunk . I will drive . 194 ext . / int . land cruiser 194 gordy get in . Felix hand gordy the key . then slump against he door and close he eye . felix one day , I be go to screw berta . gordy start the car and drive after the suburban . 195 ext . / int . land cruiser ( caguan ) - night 195 gordy follow the suburban as Felix ramble -- felix ... I will take she to a small restaurant ... we will have lobster and drink lot of wine ... I will get she drunk ... we will drive home ... I will carry she inside ... I will kiss she ... and then , I will screw she in my bed ... the suburban pull up next to a house . there be armed guerrilla guard outside . felix ... and when I be do screwing she , she will never want to look at another man again ... gordy drive past the house as the beaten man and the guerrilla with he get out of the suburban and start carry the beer inside . and a moment later ... Felix come around with a start . felix what the fuck be you do ?! he unholster the 'mm and point it at gordy . gordy hey , easy ... what 's the problem ? ( continued ) 75 . 195 continued : 195 felix you be go the wrong goddamn way ! gordy I be ?... look different in the dark ... felix turn around ! gordy turn the car around . Felix keep the gun on he . felix you drive where I say ... or the supervisor will have we both shot . gordy drive back . they approach the suburban and the house once more . this time it 's on Felix ' side . Felix give the guerrilla guard a wave as they go by , and ... gordy 's eye go to something he could not see come the other way : a large propane tank next to the house . 196 ext . plantation - various shot - night 196 the work in the shed continue . heat lamp dry down the long table of coke . 197 guerrilla guard 197 be more vigilant at night , patrol the grounds with post team . 198 work light 198 illuminate the two big diesel generator as gordy continue he overhaul . he have two sentries now . one wear a combat vest , and as gordy work , he eye go to the grenade hang on the vest 's front . 199 ext . plantation - diesel generator - day 199 the sun 's over the yardarm now , blaze hot , and gordy 's still work under the watchful eye of the guard . nearby , a group of guerrilla be play soccer , when ... ( continued ) 76 . 199 continued : 199 a man be injure , and he teammate call for one of gordy 's guard to substitute . the man in the combat vest respond . the game be shirt and skin , and he 's join the skin . put down he AK , strip off he combat vest and shirt , and run in . gordy 's eye go to the vest and the attach grenade . with the other guard still watch he closely , however , there 's nothing gordy can do . 200 same scene - later 200 the soccer game rage back and forth . suddenly , a open man get the ball . break toward the goal . gordy see the player about to go one - on - one with the goalie . he cheer the action loudly , whereupon ... gordy 's guard turn to see what 's happen , and ... gordy grab a grenade . almost get it into a tool box , when ... the player kick wide , the guard look back , and ... gordy cover the clatter of the grenade 's drop into the tool box by pick up a large wrench ... but the grenade 's still visible as now ... Felix come around the corner . he 's sleepy and hungover . and piss by gordy 's lack of progress . felix it 's afternoon . yesterday , you say it would only take two more hour . gordy wipe he hand on a rag , throw it on the grenade . gordy I have this one ready to go . gordy reach up and hit the start button on the generator . it sputter , but will not catch . Felix just look at he . gordy make a adjustment , and ... this time , the engine turn over . purr like new . the heat lamp brighten in a row of shed . Felix wince as the diesel roar make the hangover hammer in he head pound even harder . felix what about the other one ? ( continued ) 77 . 200 continued : 200 gordy I just need another part from town , and it 's five more minute . felix ... shit. Fine . let 's go . gordy grab the tool box . felix why be you bring the tool box ? gordy the old part 's in there . I need to match it , and it 's all greasy . Felix busy it and head off . as gordy follow he ... 201 ext . / int . land cruiser ( caguan ) - various shot - day 201 they pass the " cine " in the storefront . the elc supervisor 's big-screen tv be be wheeled in . 202 gordy 202 see a attractive woman play with some child . 203 gordy and felix 203 drive past the bar . gordy notice Felix do not even glance at it . gordy berta work today ? felix ha! puta ! we see that , whatever this mean , it 's a unexpected complication for gordy . 204 int . machine shop - various shot - day 204 gordy choose the spare part . the clerk wrap the part in newspaper . 78 . 205 ext . machine shop - day 205 gordy load the part into the land cruiser . to Felix -- gordy you as thirsty as I be ? felix no . Felix get into the land cruiser . 206 ext . / int . land cruiser ( caguan ) - day 206 gordy climb in . Felix start drive . gordy 's down to final straw . gordy we can not stop for one beer ? felix there 's beer at the plantation . gordy ( think fast ) there 's no berta at the plantation . I like drink beer around pretty girl , not a bunch of guy with automatic rifle . felix to hell with berta . gordy what happen ? last night you be in love with she . there 's a beat . Felix glance at gordy . decide it 's safe to confide . felix ... I have a dream ... I feed she lobster , get she drunk , and she reject I for another man . ( off gordy 's look ) dream tell the future . gordy ... that be not a dream , that be the alcohol talk ... you say two man can not go have a beer and look at woman 's breast because of pink elephant ?... nothing make any sense down here . ( continued ) 79 . 206 continued : 206 Felix pull out he .9mm . gordy do not blink a eye . gordy go ahead and shoot I , and you fix the goddamn generator . part 's in the back . beat . off Felix , think it all over ... 207 int . bar - night 207 a replay of last night . Felix be pretty waste . berta 's in he lap again . in Spanish -- felix you know I be you man , baby . someone whistle for a drink . berta start to stand . gordy slip she twenty US dollar to stay . she do . gordy I have to piss . gordy cross , exit into the bano . 208 ext . bar - back - moment later 208 gordy drop out the bathroom window . 209 ext . / int . land cruiser - moment later 209 gordy get the grenade from the tool box . he slide it just inside the top of he pants , with the spoon hook over the waistband . he find some wire . then search for something else . find a piece of string and check its length . from gordy 's reaction , we understand it 's too short . gordy open door and check seat pocket . nothing . he check the glove box . no long string there , either . but he do find two rubber band . gordy study they a moment , think . test they elasticity . then pull out the Zippo and thumb it . the lighter still work . as gordy pocket everything and walk off ... 210 ext . caguan - various shot - night 210 gordy steal through town , hide when he see someone come . he 's re-trace the route he take the night before , when he follow the beaten man 's suburban . 80 . 211 " cine " 211 he pass the " cine " in the storefront . a movie 's beginning to play on the supervisor 's big-screen tv . the place be pack . no one see gordy , who move on . 212 gordy 212 continue to make he way through caguan , when ... he round a corner , and there 's a four-man elc patrol , two in a truck and two out . gordy turn , start head back , when ... one of the guerrillas call to he . guerrilla Alto ! gordy stop . the two stand man walk toward he . the other two man get out of the truck to provide backup . one guerrilla approach gordy stop short and stand off , cocked - and -locked , as the other come up . gordy carefully produce the travel pass . the guerrilla look it over . in butcher Spanish -- gordy yo trabajo con Felix . Felix -- ( indicate ) -- la cantina . con berta . the attractive woman we see earlier play with the child now walk up hold the hand of a small boy . a guerrilla wave they on . the woman and boy hustle by , glance at the face of this big gringo in trouble as they pass . they hurry on toward the nearby " cine . " off gordy , as the guerrilla indicate for he to start walk to the truck ... 213 int . bar - night 213 the guerrilla patrol have take gordy to Felix , still sit with berta in he lap . felix be you try to get we both kill ? gordy I go for a walk . I figure you want to be alone with berta . ( continued ) 81 . 213 continued : 213 felix ( to the guerrilla ; in Spanish ) I will make sure he 's on a short leash . the patrol leader look at Felix hard . then nod . the guerrilla go . Felix dump berta onto she foot , stand . Felix look at gordy , shake he head . felix shit ... 214 int . land cruiser - night 214 gordy and Felix get in . felix you be work all night , beckmann . that generator get fix , and you be out of my hair in the morning . Felix jam the car in drive . gordy look down , see the spoon of the grenade expose . as he readjust he shirt to cover the spoon ... 215 ext . plantation - diesel generator - night 215 Felix be right there supervise for himself as gordy finish work . gordy stand . he stare hopefully at the machine . then push the starter , and ... vrroom ! the heat light in the second row of shed brighten . gordy turn to Felix . gordy that make you happy ? no response . gordy where 's my money ? felix you will get it in the morning . 82. 216 int . hacienda - storeroom - night 216 Felix yank the dangle cord and turn on the light . the room 's a mess . all kind of rubbish . there 's a washtub sink . there 's a cot . gordy this where armstrong stay ? felix this be where you stay ... a boat will take you down river at seven . Felix close the door . we hear a lock turning . gordy move to the door and try it . it 's definitely lock . through a small window , he can see the light in the shed and the ever-vigilant nighttime elc sentries patrol the grounds . the diesel roar in the b.g. gordy turn back . readjusts the grenade digging into he belly , then hook it back inside he pants . he turn off the light . move to the adobe wall opposite the door . through another small window , he can see it 's dark in this direction . gordy rummages through the refuse lie around the room . we see some rubber tub . we see some rope . gordy finally find a piece of sharp metal . he move to the wall with the window . with the diesel cover the noise , gordy start chiseling away at the adobe . 217 ext . plantation - night 217 the big -wheeled guerrilla suburban drive in . 218 int . storeroom 218 gordy be make slow progress through the wall , when he hear the vehicle arrive . he move to the window by the door and look out . see the suburban . four guerrilla be get out , include the beaten man . Felix meet they . the beaten man exchange word with Felix . Felix indicate gordy 's room . as the beaten man continue to question Felix ... gordy realize he 's fuck . he can not get through the wall fast enough . his eye go to water drip from a pipe lead to the washtub sink . he move to it . find the water pipe underneath that feed the tap . cranks shut the master valve on the pipe . wrap he hand around the pipe and pull . nothing . jam he foot against the wall for leverage and pull harder ... and this time , he yank the pipe free from the sink . he find the rubber hose . fit a end over the pipe . ( continued ) 83. 218 continued : 218 quickly lash it on with some wire . then crank on the master valve . High - pressure water stream from the hose . gordy sneak a peek out the window . the beaten man 's still question Felix . the sound of the hose water be be cover by the diesel . gordy cross the room , extend the hose to the hole he 's make in the wall . he aim the stream at the hole . thumb the end of the hose to make the water jet even harder ... and watch the jet begin eat away at the old adobe and brick , just as it eat through the crumble plaster in the Spanish harlem tenement . 219 ext . plantation 219 the beaten man finish with Felix . Felix begin lead the guerrilla toward the storeroom . 220 int . storeroom 220 gordy 's make progress , but have not break through yet . and he will not , not in enough time . under he breath -- gordy come on , baby ... come on , baby ... and just then ... 221 ext . plantation 221 wham -wham -wham , one of the diesel gordy repair suffer a spectacularly loud internal breakdown . the heat light dim in a row of shed . Felix and the guerrilla stop to see what 's happen . at which point , the generator now burst into flame . 222 back to gordy 222 he smile . gordy just in time ... and we realize that he would plan on the diversion , as ... the water jet break through . the hole 's still small . gordy begin to widen it . 84 . 223 ext . plantation 223 Felix , the beaten man and the other guerrilla resume they march toward the storeroom . they reach the storeroom . Water 's pour out under the door . Felix unlock the door and open it to find ... 224 int . storeroom 224 gordy 's go . the beaten man signal two man to go out the hole . to the other man -- beaten man ( in Spanish ) organize the other . find he . the man go . outside , we hear he shout order to the guerrilla guard the plantation . the beaten man turn to Felix . Felix be terrify . in a plead tone -- felix ( in Spanish ) he can not be far . you will catch -- bang ! the beaten man shoot Felix in the head . then exit . off Felix , dead , he blood mixing with the water still stream across the floor ... 225 ext . plantation - moment later 225 the guerrilla report to the beaten man . they can not find gordy . to the man guard the plantation -- beaten man ( in Spanish ) keep look . he signal he man to come with he . they get into the suburban . whereupon we find ... 226 under suburban 226 gordy 's hang onto the chassis . with the large tire and high ground - clearance , there 's just enough room to get he leg over the rear axle . he 's just finish rigging up a rope he take from the store room -- the rope 's sling from one side of the chassis to the other , to support gordy 's back . he hear the engine start , grab the transfer case , and ... 85 . 227 suburban 227 roar off with gordy suspend below . the rear drive shaft whirs madly , inch from gordy 's face . and , with each bump in the road , even with heavy - duty off -road shock and spring , the undercarriage of the suburban come within inch of crush gordy 's leg . rock be pinging everywhere . the dirt and the dust be choke . even for a short distance , it 's go to be a long , dangerous ride . 228 ext . suburban ( caguan ) - night 228 as the truck blast down back road and through the darken town ... 229 gordy 229 continue to suffer underneath . even with the rope support he , he have to hold on with two hand . a vicious jolt suddenly loosen a grenade . it start to slip free . gordy can not stop it without let go . the grenade fall , and ... gordy shoot out a hand and grab it . barely . the spoon just hang on the end of he fingertip . gordy can not use he other hand to get it . he need the hand to hold onto the car . the grenade begin to slip . he 's go to lose it . and just as it fall ... gordy do the only thing leave . he slip a finger through the loop of the grenade pin . just barely snag the grenade before it drop to the road . and then ... carefully , slowly -- praying that each bump do not jar the grenade off the pin -- with he other arm shaking and scream in pain as he maintain a grip on the transfer case -- gordy ease the grenade back onto he stomach , where he get a better grip . jam the grenade back . then grab onto the undercarriage once more , in time to relieve the muscle - tear strain on he arm . 230 above gordy world 230 the suburban pass the " cine . " the movie 's over , just let out . 231 ext . guerrilla house - night 231 the suburban pull up to the well - guard house gordy see the night before . the man get out and go inside , leave the suburban running , clearly plan to leave again right away . 86 . 232 gordy 232 carefully lower himself to the ground . slide out on the side away from the house . hide behind a large wheel . the brightly - light house be surround by coconut tree . gordy watch the guard . when the guard be not look , he run to the nearest tree . the sound of the suburban' engine cover he footstep . 233 tree 233 gordy move from tree to tree when the guard be not look , when he reach one tree , and ... 234 new angle 234 thunk ! a coconut hit the ground next to he , and ... one of the guard come to investigate . the guard get closer . gordy inch around the tree . he can not get away without be see . he nudge the coconut with he toe . nudge it harder , cause it slowly to roll away , and ... the guard pick it up . never see gordy in the shadow of the tree , press against the trunk . the guard show the coconut to a guard near the house , then walk back . 235 gordy 235 sneak to another tree . then reach the house . he move to a window . peer into a room . no one 's there . but we hear the sound of voice . gordy creep along the wall . look into another room , and ... 236 inside 236 be a group of elc guerrilla , include the beaten man , pack suitcase , etc . leave in a hurry . 237 gordy 237 scan the face . except for the beaten man , no face be familiar . a man with he back to we stand , and there 's nothing familiar about he , either . when ... 238 another angle 238 directly in front of we , another man emerge from a room . he 's also in elc guerrilla camo . ( continued ) 87 . 238 continued : 238 off gordy , look intently at the man . 239 flashback - surveillance tape 239 the face of the cop outside the consulate . 240 man ( present ) 240 in the room . his face loom larger as he advance toward we . 241 flashback - cop' face 241 when he bump into gordy on E. 64th Street . 242 close on man ( present ) 242 in the room . it 's the same face . 243 back to gordy 243 he 's find the Wolf , when ... suddenly , a guard appear , and ... gordy freeze . ease into the shadow . his dirty face and clothes blend in just enough . the guard move past . 244 another angle 244 when the coast be clear , gordy move to the large propane tank . he take out the grenade . put the rubber band around it , spoon and all . grip the grenade in he hand , hold the spoon down , and yank the pin . and then ... slowly , slowly , gordy begin release he grip , allow the rubber band to take on the pressure of the spring - load spoon . if they will do it ... if the spoon go now , gordy 's go up in the blast . gordy continue to relax he grip . the rubber band stretch . stretch more . keep stretch until they be barely hold the spoon ... but they be hold it . gordy quickly , carefully wire the grenade to the propane tank . then take out the Zippo , pull it apart and remove the lighter fluid-soaked cotton . hold the cotton just above the grenade and squeeze with he finger . and ... ( continued ) 88. 244 continued : 244 lighter fluid drop onto the rubber band . gordy squeeze out as much as he can onto they . then gordy get the hell out of there . he find cover . duck down . and wait . 245 closeup - grenade 245 the lighter fluid be dissolve the rubber band . 246 back to scene 246 gordy suddenly hear a woman 's gentle singing . he look in the direction of the sound , and ... gordy see the attractive woman and the boy approach on the road . she 's sing a gentle song in Spanish . gordy 's eye flash with alarm . he glance at the house . 247 closeup - grenade 247 the lighter fluid continue dissolve the rubber band , which be now beginning to lose they elasticity and stretch from the pressure of the spoon . 248 back to scene 248 gordy look back at the woman and boy , closer now , walk toward the house . 249 flashback - new york 249 Anne and Matt wave to he across madison Avenue . 250 back to scene ( present ) 250 gordy see the woman pull the boy close to she , lovingly . 251 flashback - new york 251 the bomb explode , and Anne move to protect Matt . 252 close on gordy ( present ) 252 he realize the horror of what will happen . and ... ( continued ) 89 . 252 continued : 252 wider gordy burst from he hide place . gordy no! stop ! Alto ! the woman and Boy look over in alarm , see gordy run toward they and yell . gordy get back ! 253 insert - grenade 253 the rubber band be about to break . 254 back to scene 254 the woman see gordy . scream toward the house -- woman Claudio !! 255 guard 255 see gordy run . they OPEN FIRE . 256 men 256 pile out of the house . 257 guard 257 stop firing . gordy 's too close to the woman and Boy now . 258 gordy 258 reach the woman and Boy now . pull they down . cover they protectively with he body , when ... 259 new angle 259 ka - boom ! a gigantic explosion light up the night and utterly destroy the house . 90 . 260 debris 260 rain down for what seem like forever . Dust fill the air . 261 gordy 261 open he eye . get to he hand and knee . see the woman and Boy be safe , when ... a vicious kick in the rib lift gordy off the ground , roll he away from the woman and child . the wolf you bastard ! the Wolf 's alive and unhurt . angrily punt gordy again . the wolf you think you can kill the Wolf ?! a boot in the face this time . the wolf you think you can kill the Wolf ?! a piece of paper have fall from one of gordy 's pocket and flutter to the ground nearby . the woman pick it up , and we see ... it 's the photo of Anne and Matt . the woman stare at the photo a moment , as ... gordy absorb another blow . he try to stand . gordy you kill my wife and son -- whack ! the Wolf slam the butt of a AK - 47 against gordy 's skull . gordy drop hard . the Wolf reverse the AK . point it at gordy 's head , about to pull the trigger , when ... the woman lay a hand on the Wolf 's arm . woman Claudio . the Wolf do not take he eye off gordy . the woman squeeze he arm . implore he -- woman Claudio . ( continued ) 91 . 261 continued : 261 the Wolf glance over . meet she eye a moment . see the photo in she hand . glance up into she eye again . they hold the look . a whole conversation exchange without word . then the Wolf turn back to gordy , lie in a pile on the ground . beat . to gordy -- the wolf you be just save by you guardian angel . 262 int . underground bunker - day 262 Dark and dank . excavate clay wall and floor . heavy door . a bare overhead bulb provide some light . gordy lie on a metal bed frame . one of he leg be chain to the bed . he 's in pain from be kick -- but the physical aches be nothing compare to the anguish he feel for have fail . the door 's unlock and open . daylight stream in from above as the Wolf enter with two guerrilla bodyguard . he move to the middle of the room . look at gordy . the wolf one of the man in the jail with you in mompos be die . he be burn in you explosion . gordy just look at he . the Wolf signal a bodyguard , who cross to gordy and frees he leg from the chain . the wolf you want to kill I ? come and kill I . the bodyguard be smile . gordy hesitates , then spring for the Wolf , and ... the Wolf immediately fell he with a choppy-look karate combination . the Wolf 's no jet Li -- he style 's a throwback , even ugly , but it 's well - practice and brutally effective . even still , gordy spring back right away ... and the Wolf drop he again . the wolf you Americans think you have all the answer . and really , you be so naive ... ( continued ) 92 . 262 continued : 262 gordy come up swinging . gordy 's a barroom fighter . if he can touch you , you be in trouble . he never get close . a vicious front kick fold he , and a fist drive he to the floor . the Wolf stand over he . the wolf ... you see one peasant with a gun , and you never ask why he have to have it . you just run to give you billion to the nearest soldier , no matter how merciless or corrupt they be . the last kick really hurt gordy . he 's slow rise . the wolf that 's why I be teach America a lesson ... that 's why there will be more bomb ... and more family like yours will pay the price . the Wolf want to pique he , but this be pour gasoline onto fire . gordy explode off the ground . the suddenness and fury of the rush catch the Wolf off guard . gordy drive he backward . slam he against a wall . then hook a arm around the back of the Wolf 's neck and drive the other fist like a piston into he abdomen . all he weight behind the punch . try to break rib and crush they into the Wolf 's heart , when ... a bodyguard slam the butt of a AK into gordy 's kidney . gordy take the blow stand . the guard deliver a second , much harder shot , and gordy drop to he knee in agony . beat . the Wolf recover from the hammer - blow to he midsection . and then ... he make gordy pay for the punch . land blow after blow on gordy 's face . beat the live shit out of he ... and leave he unconscious on the dirt floor . 263 black 263 we hear a gentle clacking sound . it 's unidentifiable . 264 gordy Pov 264 the black become a blur . the blur become a hazy glimpse of selena . she 's sit on the metal bed frame nursing gordy 's wound . the clacking sound continue -- it 's make by sea shell that dangle from a bracelet on selena 's wrist . the shell knock together as she wash gordy 's wound . ( continued ) 93. 264 continued : 264 selena be you alright ? 265 int . underground bunker - night 265 gordy 's still in a deep fog from the beat , barely there at all . gordy ... who be you ? selena my name be selena . gordy ... his wife ? selena yes . beat . the sea shell clack . gordy lose consciousness again , and everything go ... 266 black 266 the clacking sound continue . and ... 267 gordy Pov 267 this time , when gordy open he eye , there 's no blurriness . it 's a new day . he 's better . selena 's walk to he with a tray . the shell bracelet clack as she approach . selena I bring you food . 268 int . underground bunker - day 268 gordy slowly sit up . beat . gordy why feed I ? why not just kill I ? selena be you so anxious to die ? gordy do not have a answer . beat . he taste the meal . ( continued ) 94 . 268 continued : 268 gordy ... thanks . selena watch he a moment , troubled by something . selena the man in jail with you in mompos ... they say you talk to a man from the c.i.a . gordy I be not one of they . I be here for my own reason . selena watch he another moment . decide he 's tell the truth . she reach into a skirt pocket , then extend she hand toward gordy . he look up . she 's hold the photo of Anne and matt. beat . gordy take the photo . look at he wife and son . selena sit next to he . another beat . then , off the photo ... selena Claudio use to be a teacher . I be a medical aid worker . we meet in Guatemala , in a indian village call guamaunco . we be marry there . Sophia , we daughter be bear there . Claudio be kind and loving , and we be happy ... we be there four year when the civil war break out ... the guerrilla be all around we , but leave we alone ... then they make a attack on the army nearby . the next night , soldier come to we village . they be lead by american ' advisor ' ... they accuse we of help the rebel . we woman be rape . we man be torture . we home be burn ... we crawle out into the field , but they throw grenade , and Sophia ... selena hesitates , choke back she emotion . selena ... my baby girl be hit by shrapnel ... she ble to death in Claudio 's arm . she look into gordy 's eye . the look say she understand and share gordy 's pain because she 's suffer she own painful loss . she look away again . ( continued ) 95 . 268 continued : ( 2 ) 268 selena Claudio join the guerrilla . when that war end , we move to the next war , and the next ... each fight have only deeppen he hatred . and poison he soul . ( beat ) he 's unable to love anything anymore ... gordy why be you still here ? selena because I know he be a good man , who 's be consume by rage because of what he lose ... just like you . gordy I be not like he . selena not yet . gordy he kill innocent people . ( then ) he 's plan to kill more . beat . selena suddenly stand , uncomfortable , not want to discuss it . she go to the door and knock . off gordy , as the door open , and selena exit ... 269 closeup - satellite image 269 a laser pointer indicate the photo . updegraf ( o.s. ) this be a satellite shot of the caguan region last night . the laser indicate a area of the photo . updegraf ( o.s. ) here 's caguan town . follow the laser to : 269a second image 269 a the same night shot with a bright spot in the town area . ( continued ) 96 . 269a continued : 269 a updegraf ( o.s. ) at 2250 , we get a large heat - and - light anomaly consistent with a explosion . follow the laser to : 269b third satellite image 269b a high -resolution , infrared enlargement . updegraf ( o.s. ) this be the explosive area two minute later . we get a house blow to shit and burn . we get colombian in cammy , a gringo down , a woman and kid , and some body . this guy -- the laser indicate the Wolf . updegraf ( o.s. ) -- be give all the order . brandt ( o.s. ) ... I do not fuck believe it . that lucky son-of -a-bitch find the Wolf . updegraf ( o.s. ) ... he 's pay for it now . follow the laser to : 269c FOURTH satellite image 269c a infrared shot of people and vehicle near the burn house . updegraf ( o.s. ) a little later , a e.l.c. convoy arrive , and everyone load up ... the convoy travel thirty - two minute upriver and stop here ... follow the laser to : 269d fifth satellite image 269d a infrared night shot of park vehicle , building , people , etc . ( continued ) 97 . 269d continued : 269d brandt ( o.s. ) a e.l.c. compound ... updegraf ( o.s. ) more like a small village . it 's mobile , and it 's not just guerrilla -- it 's woman and kid , too . here it be by day ... follow the laser to : 269e seventh satellite image 269e a day shot of the jungle village . the laser indicate : updegraf ( o.s. ) house , barrack , school for the kid , cooking shed , h.q. , latrine , gun pit ... brandt ( o.s. ) they be not just hide the Wolf . updegraf ( o.s. ) here it be on the map ... pull back to reveal : 270 int . CIA hacienda - day 270 updegraf highlight a map for brandt , who think aloud -- brandt it 's well - site ... can not surprise them , so you gotta outgun them ... ( beat ) so that 's what we be gonna do . updegraf we be gonna hit it ? brandt we be not just gonna hit it , we be gonna wipe if off the globe . cat , rat , dog and mouse . if it 's move , it 's dead . updegraf hitting the whole village could make for a p.r. problem . ( continued ) 98 . 270 continued : 270 brandt I do not care what the Puerto rican say . ( then , off updegraf 's look ) which part of the word ' war ' do not you understand ? we mission down here be not just about catch the Wolf . updegraf ... what about gordy Pitt ? brandt he be tell not to be here ... the first chopper will hit it at 2200 . 271 ext . elc jungle village - night 271 it 's raining bucket . most of the people inhabit the village have be drive under roof or indoors . guerrilla drag gordy roughly up out of the bunker into the tropical downpour . they march he out into the open . throw he to the ground . a man draw he pistol as gordy get to he hand and knee . the guerrilla put the pistol to gordy 's forehead . guerrilla it 's time , gringo . beat . he extend a bar of soap with he other hand . guerrilla bath time ... you stink , gringo . the guerrilla laugh . gordy throw the soap in the mud . get to he foot . point he face up into the soothing rain ... when he hear arguing and look over to see ... 272 wolf and selena 272 be inside a small house nearby , obviously fight about something . selena emphasize she argument by slapping she hand . the Wolf storm off , and we hear a door slam . selena be leave alone , disconsolate , frame in the window . she look up and see gordy outside . her eye meet he . off they look ... 99 . 273 ext . CIA hacienda - front porch - night 273 it 's pouring here , too . in b.g. , assault preparation be underway in spite of the rain . brandt check he watch . then light another butt from the one he just smoke . stare off into the distance , he thought intense and far away . updegraf emerge , cross . updegraf the weather system 's intensify . brandt ( distract ; beat ) what ? updegraf the storm 's gonna be real bad for at least twelve hour . here 's the data . he hand a paper to brandt . cop a puff off brandt 's cigarette while brandt read . updegraf Air op say it 's too heavy for the blackhawks . also , Sat - Intel be say the cloud be too thick , and we be blind . brandt ( beat ; piss ) get any good news ? updegraf yeah . the creek be river around caguan . unless the Wolf 's a fish , he 's not move ... and there 's fresh coffee . brandt only good thing down here ... put everyone on red till tomorrow night . and then , I do not care if there 's a typhoon , I want that fuck rotor turn . beat . updegraf go . brandt crumple the fax and pitch it . then see he get fax ink on he hand . off brandt , hold he mitt out in the rain , try to wash off the stain ... 274 int . underground bunker - day 274 selena bring gordy food . she 's extremely subdued . leave the tray and start back to the door . ( continued ) 100 . 274 continued : 274 then stop . turn back to gordy . selena I try to stop he . she hold gordy 's eye a moment . her look be grim , haunt . selena he 's go back . gordy ( beat ; realize ) the United States ? another bomb ? selena yes . gordy where ? she do not answer . gordy where ? selena ... Washington D.C. gordy where in Washington ? selena ... he have picture of a building ... gordy which building ? selena I do not know . gordy we can not let it happen . selena it 's too late . no one can stop he now . gordy we would never make it . selena I get down here from New York ... ( continued ) 101 . 274 continued : ( 2 ) 274 beat . she just look at he , weigh she chance . gordy how many more kid have to die ? and for what ? selena ... I be he wife ... gordy if you do not stop it , you be as much to blame as he be . beat . selena I can not . she move to the door and knock . the door open . selena 's go . off gordy , sagging ... 275 int . airport ( quito , ecuador ) - day 275 passenger be line up to board a flight to Mexico City . find a man in line wear a crisp business suit and tie . the clothes , a haircut and horn-rim have make the Wolf nearly unrecognizable . 276 ext . sky - night 276 the front 's move through . the night be clear . 277 ext . elc jungle village - night 277 Water drip from jungle leave and the eave of building . we see the bustling life of the place , the family , the woman and child who live with and support the well - organize and high - tech guerrilla military . the village be simple but decidedly not primitive . this people have generator , a satellite dish and a school with a computer . at night , the school be a tv room . right now on the tube daffy 's get he beak blow off . 278 soldier 278 pet he child and kiss he wife as he go off to guard duty . 102 . 279 elc officer 279 talk on satellite phone inside camp headquarters . 280 mauro 280 sit next to selena on the porch of a house . he play with the shell of she bracelet as she stare off into the night . 281 ext . CIA finca - night 281 the blackhawks , black and menace , sit on a illuminate tarmac as : heavily armed troops in black uniform and assault vest load up . door gunner check mini-gun . Ground crew yank arming ribbon on rocket pod . a co-pilot in a specially rig helmet test he forward mini-gun : wherever he look , the gun point . pilot finish checklist , and ... chopper engine start whining . rotors begin to turn . the noise mount to a incredible roar . 282 angle - l.o.h. 282 the small helicopter 's rotor be also turn . brandt stand at the chopper door with updegraf . slam the magazine on a Glock .45 , make sure it 's in solid , then slide the pistol into he shoulder holster . he check he watch . loud , to updegraf -- brandt it 's time to make the Wolf howl . he take a last drag on he cigarette , pass the butt to updegraf to finish and get in the rear of the l.o.h. as updegraf scoot clear . 283 l.o.h. 283 throttles up and scream away . 284 blackhawks 284 one by one in quick succession , lift off the deck and follow the l.o.h. into the night sky . 103 . 285 int . underground bunker - night 285 gordy 's on the bed . the guard let selena in . she cross toward the food tray near gordy ... but she 's not there for the tray . move past it to gordy 's leg and , to gordy 's surprise , begin unlock the shackle . selena we be go with you . when gordy 's free -- gordy how do we get out ? she hand gordy a length of pipe secrete in she dress . selena the guard be the only one close . when we be past he , we can slip into the jungle . mauro 's wait for we there . 286 ext . sky - helicopter - night 286 the blackhawks and l.o.h. fly map-of - the-earth , a few foot over triple - canopy rain forest . 287 int . l.o.h . - night 287 brandt 's in the rear seat wear a headset . the l.o.h. pilot , wear night -vision goggle , check he gps , speak to brandt via headset -- l.o.h. pilot lead chop be twenty second out . 288 int . underground bunker - night 288 selena whisper to gordy at the door . selena he 's on the right ... no needless kill . gordy move to the right side of the door . selena knock . the door swing inward to the leave . selena exit with the tray . the guard reach to close the door , and gordy bring the pipe down hard on he head , knock he out . gordy retrieve the guard 's AK - 47 . 104 . 289 ext . elc jungle village - night 289 gordy and selena ascend the bunker step . they stop at the top and peer into the village . a armed guerrilla approach , unaware of they presence . gordy fumble with the AK - 47 , look for the safety switch on the strange weapon . selena reach over and expertly flick it off . when ... they hear the sound of the chopper . the guerrilla approach they stop and look up . and ... 290 another angle 290 whoom ! the first wave of blackhawks flash over the village . selena and gordy barely have time to duck as rocket explode into ground target , and front and door mini - gun spit bullet -stream that rip through people and structure . and then the first wave 's past . 291 guerrillas 291 in the momentary lull after the first wave , guerrilla run to pre-arranged fight position . woman and child be scream . 292 selena 292 pull gordy from the step . they start to run . but not far . just second after the first wave of blackhawks have leave , the second wave hit . 293 blackhawk CO - pilot' Pov ( night - vision ) 293 the village and all its detail be visible as different shade of green . we see rocket streak toward park guerrilla vehicle . we see rocket trail fire toward the tv in the school , which be then obliterate in a fiery explosion . wherever the co-pilot look , the forward mini - gun aim its hellish rain of bullet . we track with a run guerrilla and see he chop down , then swivel to a gun pit and watch the man there eat lead . 294 gordy 294 he see the burn school . watch the continue slaughter cause by the rocket and mini - gun . 105 . 295 int . l.o.h. 295 circle over the action . brandt listen to radio chatter from the blackhawks . the village be be decimate . brandt 's dream come true . 296 guerrilla 296 he launch a shoulder - fire surface -to- air-missile ( SAM ) at the l.o.h. , just before a mini - gun get he . 297 int . l.o.h. 297 the Pilot see the SAM launch . l.o.h. pilot SAM come . he hit a button , and ... 298 ext . l.o.h. 298 two thermite parachute flare shoot from rocket tube and ignite . immediately after , the l.o.h. bank . and ... the SAM zip past the hot , bright flare . 299 ext . elc jungle village 299 the second wave 's go . gordy and selena start to run again . building burn . the scream 's endless . gordy almost trip over the burn body of a child . and now ... 300 third wave 300 blast in over the treetop . this be the blackhawks carry the assault troops . they use a " skid ' n ' git " maneuver to insert the man , come in hot , mini - gun blazing , barely touch down as the soldier spill out , then tipping forward to gain speed and quick peel out in a hard right turn . gordy and selena hit the dirt again as the chopper come in and land the troops , and the ground battle erupt . the assault team 's ground commander , a american Army Captain , radio he man via comm -link -- ground commander we be go for body count . 106 . 301 gordy and selena 301 there 's a break in the fight nearest they . they jump up and start run for the tree edging the compound . 302 soldier on ground' Pov ( night - vision ) 302 gordy and selena sprout from the ground and run . the soldier open FIRE . 303 back to gordy and selena 303 bullet twitch the smoke around they . a slug pluck the AK from gordy 's hand . they be almost to the tree . 304 soldier on ground' Pov ( night - vision ) 304 gordy and selena be in he sight . they will never make the tree . when ... the soldier 's head whip around to face a guerrilla firing at he . he kill the guerrilla . then look back at gordy and selena , and ... they be go . into he comm-link -- soldier ( o.s. ) two in the jungle . ground commander ( v.o. ) hunt them . 305 ext . jungle 305 sound of gunfire . explosion in the compound flicker light through the dense foliage . selena lead gordy to a bush and pull back leave , revealing mauro , cower fearfully , clutching a old leather doll to he chest . selena take mauro 's hand , grab a small pack lie next to he , then lead gordy off through the jungle . 306 soldier' Pov ( night - vision ) 306 he search the jungle . up ahead , selena , mauro and gordy be visible for a split second when they run through a gap between in the foliage . the soldier move after they . 107 . 307 ext . river 307 selena , mauro and gordy reach the fast -flowing water . selena we have to swim . gordy spy two empty fuel can nearby . he get the can , throw they in . then pick up mauro . gordy go ! selena jump in . gordy and mauro follow . they swim for the fuel can . gordy , with mauro cling to he neck and still clutching the doll , get a arm over one can . selena just manage to grab the other . 308 soldier' Pov ( night - vision ) 308 he reach the river . see gordy , mauro and selena bob downstream hang onto the can . open FIRE . 309 ext . river 309 bullet whip the water around gordy , mauro and selena . they hide behind the can . bullet ping off the metal . they be sweep through some rock , block they from the soldier , who fire anyway . bullet chip the stone . there 's one more clear shot after the rock . they be almost around a bend . the soldier aim . bang ! and ... selena 's hit . gasp . gordy look over , call . gordy you okay ? selena endure the pain . hide it behind iron eye . selena you hire soldier can not shoot . 310 ext . elc jungle village 310 the village be a silent , smoking ruin . everyone who live there be dead . troops check the face of the body of the man against the freeze - frame of the Wolf outside the colombian consulate in New York . the l.o.h. land . brandt 's meet by the Ground Commander . ( continued ) 108 . 310 continued : 310 ground commander no sign of the Wolf . two people , possibly a third , get away . they be in the river . brandt move back to the l.o.h. , get in . a moment later , the chopper 's up and away . 311 ext . river 311 gordy , mauro and selena be still float , hang onto the can , when they hear the sound of a helicopter . gordy look , see the l.o.h. fly downstream ten foot off the river . gordy under the water ! ( to mauro ) Uno , dos , tre ... he take a big breath and hold it . mauro understand and do the same . they go under . so do selena . 312 int . l.o.h. 312 the Pilot scan the river with he night-vision goggle . brandt study the night-vision monitor in front of he . there 's nothing but river . they zoom by the two fuel can , but see nothing . 313 ext . river 313 gordy , mauro and selena surface , gasp for air . 314 int . l.o.h. 314 the chopper round a bend in the river ... and there be the two armed guerrilla " custom " boat . the boat open up , and the l.o.h . Pilot bank away . 315 ext . river 315 the l.o.h. sweep back in on the custom boat . rocket launch from the pod . one custom boat go up in a massive explosion . the other boat scoot . 109 . 316 int . l.o.h. 316 the Pilot see the second boat go . l.o.h. pilot not tonight . he sweep in again . triggers more missile . we watch the second custom boat go the way of the first . brandt only care about the primary target . brandt they could not have make it this far . go back upstream . as the chopper bank ... 317 ext . river 317 gordy hear the l.o.h. again . the three of they duck again , and ... whoom ! the chopper zip by just overhead . and continue on . a moment later , gordy , mauro and selena re-surface . off they , as the copper recede upriver ... 318 ext . river - dawn 318 gordy and selena float side - by-side , still hold onto the can . mauro 's asleep on gordy 's back , he arm around gordy 's neck . weaken by she wound , selena keep bob below the surface . gordy pull she up . gordy hang on . we just have to keep float a little bit more ... suddenly , in the grow light , gordy see selena 's blood in the water and realize she 's wounded . gordy you be shot . selena ... I be okay . gordy we gotta get you outta the river . 319 gordy 319 kick they all to shore . ( continued ) 110 . 319 continued : 319 he climb out of the river carry mauro . as gordy ascend the bank , mauro wake up , terrify . gordy try to soothe he . gordy esta bien . esta bien . but mauro squirm free , and immediately , mauro run back to he mother . selena use sign language to tell he everything 's okay . off gordy 's surprised look -- selena he can not hear or speak . gordy just look at they a moment . then move to selena . re : mauro , as gordy examine she arm -- selena he 's a war orphan . I adopt he . beat . gordy finish check the bullet wound . gordy you be lucky . he use part of he shirt to make a pressure bandage . as he tie it around selena 's arm , she look around . selena I know where we be . there 's a secret trail nearby that lead toward mompos . gordy can you walk ? selena it 's just my arm . gordy admire this woman 's bravery . selena stand . mauro 's clutching she skirt . gordy look at he . gordy how do you say ' hello ' ? selena look at gordy a moment . she sign " hello " for he , she seashell clack as she do it . gordy tap mauro to get he attention . tries out the sign for " hello . " the boy just look at he ... then reach out and take gordy 's hand , show he the correct way to do it . gordy try again . mauro nod " yes " and smile . gordy smile back . 111 . 320 ext . jungle - day 320 selena , mauro and gordy follow the secret trail , which end below a large waterfall . gordy wonder what they do now , when selena keep walk , suddenly disappear behind the roaring cascade . beat . gordy follow . 321 behind waterfall 321 the trail continue , curtain by the fall . gordy join selena and mauro . mauro 's excited by the experience of be inside the waterfall . gordy hold he , let he touch the sheet of water flow past . they walk to the other side of the waterfall . gordy follow selena and mauro through . 322 ext . jungle 322 gordy emerge from the waterfall , and ... he 's surround by colombian soldier with gun . more soldier point gun at selena and mauro . gordy raise he arm . gordy yo soy americano ... gordy Pitt ... gordy Pitt ... 323 int . / ext . taxi ( WASHINGTON d.c . ) - day 323 Claudio , the Wolf , ride into the capital from dulle . 324 ext . jungle clearing - day 324 a blackhawk land in the clear . the colombian soldier escort gordy , selena and mauro to the chopper . the chopper door open . brandt 's inside . 325 int . blackhawk - moment later 325 everyone 's aboard and buckle in . everyone 's tired . the chopper lift off . selena 's glaring at brandt , who push a headset at she , shout over the engine whine -- brandt f.b.i. 's on the radio . tell them everything you know . gordy 's she protector , intervene . grab brandt 's arm . ( continued ) 112 . 325 continued : 325 gordy they both get asylum . and she need a medic . brandt on the plane . gordy what about the asylum ? brandt ( beat ) they will get it . but she 's in my custody till we be do with she . beat . gordy hate go along with brandt , but have no choice , nod to selena . she take the headset . as she put it on , brandt see she pack . take it and open it . he inspect it , then hand it back . gordy glare at he . brandt meet he eye . a long beat . then -- gordy he be not even there . brandt do not reply . just hold the look a moment longer . then look out the window and ignore gordy . 326 int . union station ( WASHINGTON , d.c . ) - day ( afternoon ) 326 the daily tide of humanity flow through the railway terminal . we see people in business suit , tourist , family , a group of kid on a field trip . and stand in the middle of it all , we find ... claudio now in casual clothes . he 's look over the beautiful and busy station . contemplate the devastation and death that a bomb plant here would wreak . 327 ext . andrews AIR force base ( maryland ) - dawn 327 a lear stop by a convoy of black government suburban park on the tarmac . FBI agent Joe phipp and Reggie dray be among that wait by the car . the lear 's door pop , and gordy , carry a sleep mauro , emerge with selena . brandt and a medic follow . 328 int . government suburban - moment later 328 driving . ( continued ) 113 . 328 continued : 328 mauro , still sleep , be buckle up in the far back seat between gordy and selena . phipp , dray and brandt crowd the second row . phipp extend photo to selena . phipp this building best match what you describe to we . selena leaf through the photo of various Washington monument , government building , etc . she reach the last photo . selena I do not recognize anything ... I see only part of the building ... I be sorry . phipp want to keep she positive and willing . phipp that 's okay . we will keep try . selena I think it 's a public place . he say he want the people of America to feel the terror . ' terror be all they understand . ' he say it over and over ... phipp ( to dray ) double up on public venue : museum , theater , transport ... put in all the extra undercover we can . selena look over at she son sleep in gordy 's arm . she lovingly brushes the hair off he forehead , rattling she seashell . the leather doll be about to fall from mauro 's finger . selena take the doll and put it into she bag . then look out at the pass scenery . off selena , in the land of she husband 's enemy -- 329 ext . georgetown STREET - day 329 the convoy slow outside the Latin american Institute . a attach garage open . 330 int . government suburban 330 as the suburban turn into the garage -- ( continued ) 114 . 330 continued : 330 gordy where be we go ? brandt inter-agency headquarters for we effort in Latin America . phipp it 's secure , and we can coordinate all department here . off which , as they be swallow up by the dark garage -- 331 int . latin american institute - various shot - day 331 brandt , phipp , dray , selena and gordy -- along with the rest of the entourage -- walk through the interagency nerve center . gordy carry mauro , still asleep . they stop at the door to a large conference room . selena 's ushere in . gordy start to follow . phipp stop he . phipp my people will debrief you in another room ... we will take the boy to a safe house across the street ... he will be well care for . gordy exchange a look with selena . beat . she nod she reluctant approval . gordy hand the boy to a agent . 332 int . / ext . lockup garage - day 332 Claudio open the door of a cheap rental garage in a old commercial strip . he step inside . there 's a rental van and a big ducati motorbike against a wall . Claudio strap a black bag onto the bike , then roll it out and shut the garage . pull on helmet and start the bike . as Claudio speed into traffic -- 333 int . latin american institute - large conference room - 333 day selena be seat at a table cover with photograph , Washington , D.C. coffee table book , guide book , etc . brandt , phipp , et al stand around she . phipp flip through the page of a large coffee table book for selena to see . ( continued ) 115 . 333 continued : 333 selena no ... no ... no ... that book 's do . selena I be sorry . phipp that 's okay . he grab another . open it to the first photo . selena no ... 334 int . latin american institute - " the wolf " room - day 334 a small conference room devote to everything have to do with the interagency interest in the Wolf . photo of evidence , time line , chart , etc. cover the wall . gordy 's tired , be debrief by two FBI agent . FBI agent # 1 ... do Claudio leave with anyone else ? gordy I be underground . I could not see anything . FBI agent # 1 do you hear anything about he contact in the United States ? gordy no. 335 int . / ext . WASHINGTON location - montage - day 335 Security tighten all over the city . among the image we see : a forklift place huge planter -- really decorative barricade -- to re-route traffic near vital building . 336 undercover people 336 with earpiece patrol public structure . some lead dog that sniff for explosive . 116 . 336a ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - street - day 336a Claudio weave the ducati through heavy traffic . 337 int . latin american institute - large conference room 337 - day phipp flip to the last photo in the book . selena ... no ... he reach for another book . as he do , he topple a stack . selena 's eye fix on one book cover . selena he have that book ! let I see it ! phipp hand it to she . it 's a guidebook to Washington . selena flip through it . stop at a photo . 338 close on photo 338 it 's of the redesign lobby of Union Station . 339 back to scene 339 selena glance up . selena that 's it ! brandt Union Station . phipp ( to dray ) put it under total surveillance . get a bomb team in there with dog . make them see - eye dog if you have to . and pull whatever security video they have for the last two day . dray why not just shut it down ? phipp if we spook he , we do not know what he secondary target will be . dray get on the horn . beat . to brandt and phipp -- selena please do not kill he . 117 . 340 ext . union station - day 340 a man sit on a bench . he 's wear sunglass and a baseball cap . he put a shoulder bag on the bench , take something out , then get up and walk away , when ... suddenly , two tourist and a hot dog vendor be right on he . one of them jam a conceal gun jamme into he rib , while the other two hustle he forcefully to a van . he 's shove inside . his bag 's toss in . the van drive away . 341 int . van 341 Agents press the man hard to the floorboard . his bag 's toss . it 's empty . the guy 's clean . it 's not Claudio . off the agent , hold a innocent man ... 342 omitted 342 343 int . latin american institute - large conference room 343 - day selena watch as phipp play a surveillance video of Union Station . phipp suddenly freeze the image . Zoom in on a man in the middle of the crowd . Claudio . phipp that 's he , be not it ? selena ( hesitates , then ) yes . phipp he be there yesterday . just stand there and leave ... so far , the dog have not find anything , so maybe we be ahead of he . brandt what 's he wait for ? selena he take he time . like he tell you , he enjoy it . beat . selena 's overwhelm by the experience of see she husband on the tape , by she betrayal of he . she grow queasy . leans on the table for support . phipp be you okay ? ( continued ) 118 . 343 continued : 343 selena I be sorry ... I think I be go to be sick . brandt open a door to a bathroom . brandt in here . selena grab she pack and rush in . when the door 's close , phipp turn to dray , indicate monitor . phipp get copy of this freeze frame to all the undercover people and the sniper team . dray you get it . phipp and nobody cap he until we get that bomb tag . after that , I do not give a shit what happen to he . dray go . there 's a long beat . brandt look at the freeze frame . brandt he always hide he face . why 's he give we a clear picture now ? beat . the bathroom toilet flush . selena emerge . phipp feeling better ? selena I think I would feel better if I could rest a little and see my son . phipp nod to brandt , who turn to two of he agent , one a female . brandt escort she . 344 int . latin american institute - " the wolf " room - day 344 gordy 's on he foot , look at the Wolf evidence , etc. , on the wall . he can not keep he eye off it . it 's reminiscent of what he construct on he wall at home . the second agent 's not in the room . ( continued ) 119 . 344 continued : 344 FBI agent # 1 ... let 's go through it again , Mr. Pitt . gordy I have tell you all I know . FBI agent # 1 we gotta be sure . gordy 's eye go to numbered evidence photo . it 's a picture of a seashell . he point to it . gordy what 's that ? FBI agent # 1 what 's the number on it ? gordy eleven . the agent refer to a index sheet as the second agent return . he 's hold a document . to gordy -- FBI agent # 2 Mr. Pitt , you say selena tell you she have a daughter . gordy she be kill in Guatemala . FBI agent # 2 accord to test on the blood we draw on the plane , selena 's rhesus F -six . she 's genetically barren . she could not possibly have have kid . gordy do not understand . why would she have lie ? the first agent find what he 's look for in the index . FBI agent # 1 number eleven , small seashell with a hole in it ... that be find in the getaway car use in the bombing in New York . off gordy 's face ... 345 flashback - selena' seashell bracelet 345 there 's a gap where one of the shell be miss . 120 . 346 back to scene ( present ) 346 gordy shit ... 347 int . latin american institute - various shot 347 gordy blast through the building . as he run ... 348 flashback - elc jungle village 348 selena expertly flick the safety off on the AK - 47 . 349 flashback - FBI incident CENTER 349 phipp address gordy . phipp we think the bomb be trigger by a cell phone . jump CUT : 350 continue flashback 350 phipp do you see a cell phone when you run into he ? gordy no. 351 flashback - elc jungle village 351 selena and Claudio argue inside the house . selena slap the back of one hand into the palm of the other . 352 flashback - the wolf video tape 352 the Wolf do the same hand slap . 353 ext . latin american institute - day 353 selena emerge with the two CIA agent . 354 angle - down block 354 Claudio sit on he park motorcycle . he see selena emerge . drop he helmet visor and start the bike . 121. 355 int . latin american institute - large conference room 355 - day gordy burst in , see selena 's not there . gordy where 's selena ?! phipp she go to see she son . gordy she 's lie ! she 's the Wolf ! gordy run out . phipp and other follow . off brandt ... 356 int . bathroom 356 brandt burst in . he search . find mauro 's leather doll behind the toilet . the head 's detach . brandt look inside , and ... we see a block of reddish semtex plastic explosive and a chemical fuse . brandt everybody out ! clear this floor ! now ! 357 int . stairwell 357 gordy jump downstairs , four step at a time . 358 int . corridor 358 Institute personnel evacuate office . 359 ext . latin american institute - STREET - various angle 359 selena and the agent cross the street toward the safe house . Claudio gun the bike toward they . selena hear the bike . see Claudio come . use the front edge of she hand to strike the female agent hard in the throat . the agent fall to she knee try to suck air through a crush windpipe . selena whip -kick the other agent to the ground . Claudio brake hard next to selena , who take the female agent 's pistol and spare magazine as ... 122. 360 gordy 360 burst outside , follow by phipp et al . Claudio open FIRE with a machine pistol , hit two agent and scatter gordy , phipp and the rest . selena shoot the two escort people dead , then blast away at the other people pour out of the institute as she straddle the ducati behind Claudio , and the powerful bike scream off down the street . gordy jump to he foot and run after they . 361 ext . build be top floor 361 boom ! a massive explosion spit flame out of the window of the building 's top floor . 362 people 362 dive for cover . debris shower the street . 363 gordy 363 keep move . 364 STREET in front of institute 364 run one way in the direction the ducati 's head . Far down the block , the bike turn right onto another one - way street . 365 gordy 365 spot a alley on he right and turn into it . 366 ext . alley 366 gordy 's now move parallel to Claudio and selena , sprinting hard toward another one - way street , which cross the alley ahead . he do not know if he will intercept the bike , but it 's he only shot . 367 ext . STREET 367 Claudio gun the bike down the second street , parallel to gordy 's alley . he and selena reach a intersection with the one - way street . a right turn will complete the " U " and take they back toward gordy . straight ahead , the street they be on be one - way in the opposite direction . Claudio hang right and crank on the speed . 123. 368 ext . alley 368 gordy 's almost to the next street . he can hear the whine of the ducati grow closer . when ... a truck stop ahead of he and block the alley . gordy veer into a walkway between building . 369 ext . STREET 369 a park car suddenly pull out in front of the speed ducati . Claudio can not swerve around it . slam on the brake . the car 's driver , frighten and flustered by the near collision , be slow move out of the way . 370 ext . town house - back yard 370 gordy burst through a gate . see back step lead to the open door of a second - story over a garage and charge the step . 371 ext . STREET 371 the driver of the car finally back up . Claudio aim the ducati through a narrow gap and zoom on . 372 int . town house garage 372 gordy blow into the second story of the garage , a convert old - time carriage barn . he 's in the old hayloft . on the opposite side of the loft , a double door build for load in hay be open above the street . gordy sprint for the open , and ... 373 ext . STREET 373 the ducati tear around traffic , when ... gordy leap out of the hayloft , launch himself off a park car as the ducati scream past , and ... he just manage to grab selena and yank she off the bike . selena 's arm be wrap around Claudio -- when gordy rip she out of the saddle , Claudio go , too . the three of they tumble to the ground as the speed ducati spin , flip and disintegrate . 124 . 374 claudio 374 in leather and a helmet . he take the fall better than selena . get to he foot . look for the gun they drop . before Claudio can get to a gun , gordy 's on he . they grapple . gordy pound Claudio hard . once. twice . when ... 375 selena 375 side - kick gordy . he sag . she front-kick a heel into he spine and between he shoulder blade . gordy let go of Claudio and drop . selena 's relentless , kick gordy repeatedly as ... 376 claudio 376 get the pistol . turn . aim the gun two -hande at gordy 's head , and bang ! 377 dray 377 shoot Claudio dead from the mouth of the alleyway down the block . the first shot crack the back of Claudio 's helmet . the second shot punch through and exit he visor in a bright red mist of blood . 378 selena 378 bolt . 379 gordy 379 go after she . 380 dray 380 empties a clip at selena , but he do not have a clear shot and miss . 381 selena 381 see a walkway between house and turn in . 382 same scene - beat later 382 gordy turn in behind she . 125 . 383 ext . walkway 383 selena have ten yard on gordy , but he 's close . she know she can not outrun he in a straight line . juke through a gate into ... 384 ext . another town house - back yard 384 a shovel lie in the grass . selena scoops it up and in one motion , spin back toward the gate , launch it blade - first with all she strength , timing it perfectly , as gordy run through the gate , and ... 385 gordy 385 just barely evade the sharp shovel edge head for he face . it do not hurt he , but it stop he , and selena break toward a open door of the house . 386 int . town house - various shot 386 selena blast into the bottom floor , run through a playroom . gordy 's right behind she . 387 selena 387 mount a stairwell . a girl 's descend . selena grab a pigtail and fling she down the stair , and ... 388 gordy 388 get there just in time to keep the scream girl from fall all the way to the bottom . he sit the uninjured girl down and continue on . 389 selena 389 run toward the live room , which be undergo a renovation . without stop , she tear through the plastic cover the doorway to seal in dust from the rest of the house . she topple what she can into gordy 's way . throw nail down behind she . grab a circular see and hurl it back at gordy , just miss he and shatter a large wall mirror . selena 's a soldier , teach to pick up and use whatever weapon she find as she move through a battlefield -- this battlefield give she a crowbar , which she keep as she run out through plastic cover the other doorway . 126 . 390 archway 390 lead into the dining room . selena run in . gordy 's right on she heel . selena pull down dining room chair in front of gordy . he vault one but trip over the second and fall . 391 selena 391 blow through a swinging door into the kitchen , slamm into a Hispanic may , who 's come to investigate all the noise . both woman tumble . selena get right back on she foot . she break out a window with the crowbar and exit onto a fire escape as gordy blast in from the dining room . 392 omitted 392 through through 394 394 395 ext . town house - FIRE escape 395 the window selena slip through easily be small for gordy . he get hang up on the glass , lose precious second . selena 's already halfway up when gordy hit the fire escape step . the fire escape end at a top floor window . selena break out the glass with the crowbar and go in . 396 int . town house - various shot 396 selena 's in a teenager 's bedroom . the teenager 's get headphone on , oblivious to everything . selena dart through a bathroom into a second bedroom . 396a gordy 396 a enter the first bedroom behind she . 397 woman 397 in gardening clothes and hold a digging tool stand on a stairwell landing , alarmed and confuse by the chaos she hear in she house . she have start down the stair but now have turn back at the sound of the window breaking on the top floor . call . woman in gardening clothes what 's go on ? 127 . 398 selena 398 run into the hallway at the top of the stair , above the woman . woman in gardening clothes who be you ? what be you do in here ? 399 selena 399 see a open rooftop door at the top of a flight of stair and charge upward without answer . 400 gordy 400 in the hallway a second later . meet the woman in garden clothes , who 's now come up the stair . she scream . swipe at he with the digging tool , make three deep scratch in he face . gordy do not stop . 401 omitted 401 402 ext . town house - roof / adjoining rooftop 402 this be where the woman be gardening , tend a rooftop flower bed . selena emerge , crush plant as she run to the next town house roof . gordy hit the roof behind she . 403 selena 403 as selena run from rooftop to rooftop along the row of town house , we see she warrior determination and discipline . she 's think ahead and she never hesitates . her big problem be she 's be pursue by a equally well - train and determine firefighter . and he 's not far back . one tumble , and he will catch she . selena strain harder . 404 selena 404 vault a gap . moment later , gordy vault it . 405 selena 405 finally run out of roof . she look down . a fire escape ladder lead down to a interior , ground - level courtyard of a small foreign embassy . still hold the crowbar , selena take the ladder down . 128. 405a moment later 405 a gordy reach the ladder . selena 's ahead of he by a floor , hurry down two rung at a time . gordy do not fuck with the rung . just swing over the edge of the roof , grab the side - rail lightly with he hand , squeeze the rail with the inside of he boot and let gravity take over . 406 ext . embassy - courtyard 406 the fire escape lead down to a second - story balcony run around the inside wall of the courtyard . twin staircase lead from the balcony to ground level , where , across the slate - paved car court , a wringht - iron gate open onto the street . gordy hit the balcony a half - second after selena . he grab she . selena swing the crowbar to break he arm . gordy have to let go . selena head for the stair lead to the ground . 407 gordy 407 get one chance to intercept selena . the balcony 's too high for he to jump , but the courtyard 's ringed with tree -- they be not close , but they be not far , either . not for a man craving revenge for the death of he wife and son , a man who also slide down fire pole for a live . gordy run down the balcony . gain speed . jump . launch off the balcony railing . and hurtle himself at the trunk of a medium -size tree . he hit the trunk . hang on . and slide to the ground . and now ... 408 another angle 408 he 's between selena and the only way out . and there 's no way she 's get past he . but that 's not what selena 's think . she attack with the crowbar , and gordy can only retreat in the face of the vicious onslaught . he find a nearby garbage can . it 's full , heavy , but he manage to lift it , spilling garbage as he use the can to block the blow from the crowbar . the crowbar thwocks into the can over and over , the sound echoing loudly in the small courtyard . selena swing again , and gordy move to block the hit . it 's a feint . she swing under the can and hit a leg . it hurt like hell , he stumble , but he stay on he foot , still hold the can . selena go for he head . ( continued ) 129 . 408 continued : 408 gordy raise the can . thwock ! thwock ! the can 's all dent . there 's garbage everywhere . she feint high and then swing low again , a wick blow to the knee . gordy stumble badly this time . selena break for the gate . gordy see she and , with all he might sling the can across the slate paver , and ... the can take selena 's leg out from under she . she fall hard . get back to she foot quickly and start to run , when ... gordy hit she like a linebacker . slam selena against a brick wall . get behind she and slip a mighty arm around she thin neck . selena squirm hard , kick backward , go for the ball , kneecap , instep , do whatever she can to hurt gordy and get free . but she 's not in a position to do a lot of damage -- and she would have to kill he before he would let go . gordy 's get he arm lock in a police chokehold around selena 's neck . use he weight to force the smaller woman down onto she knee . press she harder , till she 's sit back on she leg . selena can not drop out of the hold , and she leg be immobilize . all she can do be scratch . but gordy 's oblivious . they be alone in the courtyard . body to body . head to head . he 's pump with fury and hatred . he tighten the chokehold . hiss in she ear -- gordy you kill they . selena ( beat ; with contempt ) one woman , one boy -- they mean nothing next to the thousand who have be slain . gordy hear it . it only drive he to a deeper fury . gordy they be my family . gordy 's blind with rage . choke she neck hard . summon all the power in he , first to shut off she air and blood , and then to continue squeezing , relishing she every die moment , until he 's snuffed out the life of the person who take Anne and Matt from he . and ... ( continued ) 130 . 408 continued : ( 2 ) 408 he can not ... it 's all he 's want since he see Anne and Matt die , but now he can not do it . he 's a firefighter . he save life . if he kill selena , gordy cross into she world , into brandt 's world , into the brutal nightmare destroy colombia and all the place like it , and become part of that sadness and death ... and ... gordy relax the chokehold enough so she can breathe . selena gasp for air . the impulse to murder have leave gordy . there 's a new resolve ... gordy the kill end here . beat . selena pants . selena it will never end . 409 new angle 409 under which a embassy security guard emerge from the building . he see gordy and selena -- a large man hold a smaller woman in a chokehold . draw he gun . embassy security guard let she go ! gordy look up at the nervous guard point he gun . selena scream . selena please help I ! embassy security guard let she go ! gordy no . you do not understand . selena he 's try to kill I ! embassy security guard let she go , or you be dead ! he 's go to shoot . gordy have no choice . as he let selena go and stand -- gordy hold we both till the police get here . 131 . 410 another angle 410 it 's too late . selena stomp a heel into the Guard 's knee , crush it , then twist the gun from he hand . she point it at he and pull the trigger , and ... in he agitation , the guard never take the safety off . selena glance quickly at the gun to find the safety . 411 another angle 41 in the same moment , gordy grab the crowbar from the ground . 412 selena 412 flick off the safety and point the gun again . 413 gordy 413 hurl the crowbar with all he might , and ... 414 new angle 414 the gun fire , just as the crowbar hit selena , spoil she aim . the bullet crease the guard 's arm . selena recover . and the next bullet ... 415 another angle 415 be not hers . it 's from phipp ' gun . it take selena in the middle of the back and explode she heart on its way through she body . she 's dead on she foot . her body crumple to the ground and empty its blood in a large pool that quickly spread over the slate . 416 other agent 416 move in to help the guard as phipp holster he pistol . he walk to gordy . the two man share a long , silent look . it 's over . gordy look again at selena 's body in its pool of blood . then turn and go . 417 brandt' 417 enter the courtyard as gordy walk out . brandt 's see selena . he 's smile . ( continued ) 132 . 417 continued : 417 brandt we get the bitch . gordy hit he . one of the jackhammer blow he slam into Claudio in the bunker . a hard fist deep in the gut that drive all the wind from brandt and drop he to he knee . beat . gordy 's voice be cold and hard -- gordy you be no better than she be . and gordy go . 418 int . firehouse - kitchen - day 418 gordy crank away on the repair ice cream maker . he 's wear civvy . he stop cranking , spoon out a huge dollop into a bowl . 419 int . firehouse - truck BAY 419 gordy hand the bowl to mauro , who 's play in the front seat of the pumper . mauro taste it . thumb up . gordy smile . Mike and the other man on gordy 's old shift be watch . to gordy -- mike it will be good to get you back . gordy turn to they . look into the face of this man , the people close to he in the world . beat . then -- gordy it 's good to be home . gordy 's still in pain , still miss the wife and son he will never see again . but gordy 's gonna be alright . mauro 's gonna be with he . there will be fire to put out and life to save and basketball game and the multitude of misery and joy the firefighter in Spanish harlem see each and every day . as we pull back , out and away from the old brick edifice from which the big red truck will come , bring help ... fade out . the end