color of night written by billy Ray &amp ; Matthew chapman credit credit start on a black screen , then they continue during the whole scene at Michelle 's place , and they end at the beginning of the scene at Bill capa 's office . michelle's place - interior day Close - up on a silver lipstick stand make into a bad taste musical box . we see Michelle 's hand select a lipstick then we see Michelle put the lipstick on she lip , seat in front of the mirror of she dress table . she be dress in a green frock , and she face show that she be quite disturb . her apartment 's decoration be very heavy , with a lot of various useless object and gold - plate furniture and many mirror . she look for a new dress in she wardrobe , and get mad at not find it . she then go to a sofa cover with cushion , which she throw all around the place , still madder at not find she dress . a cat , who be lie on the armrest of the sofa , run away hurriedly from the mad Michelle . michelle God !...... no !...... Michelle be back in front of the mirror of she dress - table . she take the lipstick and put a lot of it on she lip , then on she tooth , then all around she mouth . she make face to herself in the mirror . she seem more and more disturb . she take a chrome - plate revolver in she drawer , start to put it in she purse , then take it out , spin the cylinder of the revolver , and put the revolver in she mouth , as if she want to kill herself . but instead , she start suck the barrel , while she stroke the revolver in a quite erotic way . bill capa ' office - interior day large plane of ground glass . we hear , without understanding they , some voice and laugh . then a male voice become more understandable ... bill voice so who do you think be the enemy ?... no , no , give I a specific answer ... ... then Michelle appear on the screen . she be dress in a green suit , she be heavily make up , et she still seem very disturb . the office be very chic and evidently belong to a very rich New - York psycho-analyst . beautiful and good taste furniture . shelves with leather - bound book . michelle you be the goddamn enemy , capa , you and this all tower of psycho-babble . you know what I hope ? that God get real piss off and he shrivel up you cock , so that it point straight down to Hell , where you belong !... during this reply , Bill capa have appear on the screen . he be seat . he be wear a long - sleeve shirt , a necktie , but no jacket . he laugh at Michelle 's last sentence . bill ok ... Michelle , so you will become his avenge angel , and swoop down to finish I off . he stand up . michelle now , I finally get it : you be be like my ex-husband . you think that everything get to be either black or white because you get color-blind . but God be on my side now . he know I be not like you bill well , we be pretty much the same , Michelle . we all do it . michelle we all do what ? bill tend to view we life as we be look through a keyhole . I 's a very limited view of the truth . so , we have to fill in the blank . we invent thing . michelle I do not know what you mean . bill you invent enemy to test you strength against . you invent god to protect you from this enemy . michelle cut he . what a depress view of life you have , that be such horse -shit ! bill who be the enemy ? one minute you have friend , the next moment they have slip away . you leave here and I wonder who be Michelle really hat this week . I try to remember and I can not bring it to mind . do you know why ? michelle no , why do not you tell I bill take a look in the mirror , Michelle michelle which mirror ?... this mirror ?... bill any mirror . tell I what you see . michelle we see Michelle as if we be watch she from behind the mirror . I see ... I see you reflection over my shoulder ... I see ... there be nothing much that I really like ... I think I prefer the view outside actually ... during this last reply , Bill , stand up , be fidget with something on he desk . at Michelle 's last word , he turn toward she , look alarmed . but he do not have time to do prevent she from break through the glass pane and jump outside . he yell '' michelle» twice . a STREET in new - york - exterior day we see Michelle 's body fall all the way down . capa 's office must be around the 25th floor . the body crash on the street . a police horse , who be near the impact , rear up in fright . as if the asphalt be translucent , we see Michelle 's body from underneath , with the blood flow around it . several voice all right , get back there ... stay back !... get back in you car ... stop it ... bill capa' office - interior day we see Bill with tear in he eye . he walk to the break window , and look outside . bill Voice over . my God , it be the reddest blood I ever see , pour around she green dress . and ... then the red disappear ... ophthalmologist's office - interior day Bill be seat with a huge ophthalmologic device on he head . he finish the precede reply . bill Christ , Ed . it be like a vibration of color broadcast from Hell . and then the red start to fade away . the ophthalmologist move the device away . we see Bill 's face , and behind he , project on the wall , a abstract draw make of color spot close together . the red spot start to blink and then they become grey . larry place - interior day it be the apartment of a old New - York intellectual . a bit messy . a old Earth globe on a stand . object and book everywhere , but with a warm atmosphere . Larry wear a open shirt and a sweater . Bill also be in open shirt , with a sleeveless sweater . at the beginning of the scene , Bill be lie on a couch . larry poor capa ! you be here for I to pity you . Larry put down the newspaper he be read . it be the New York Post . on the front page , a title in large print : '' patient 's family sue Manhattan shrink» bill Hell , yes . it do not take sigmund Freud to figure out I do not care to see the color of my patient ' blood . larry I be a little surprised that this happen to you . bill start to stand up . sure . you always think I be a cold - heart son of a bitch . larry not really , but there be a kind of arrogance here . Bill laugh . do you really believe that you be responsible for she illness . you be a small recent part of she life . bill yes , that 's right , that 's right . but it 's all too fuck glib for I , Larry . I can not dispose of this woman that easily . larry well , you always be a romantic . be you involved with anyone else ? Larry start to make tea in a corner of the room . Bill be seat on a armchair during the follow reply , and stroke the grey cat who be lie on the table . bill no . I be still a romantic . I just do not have anybody to be romantic with . they want to fuck I or marry I ... none of they want to love I larry maybe you do not want to be love . you have a happy marriage once . bill she love I to death . then she run off and love somebody else to death . larry of course , there be something else here . to deny red be to deny emotion . bill oh yeah ! larry as you know , that could be very dangerous . Bill stand up . bill yes , yes , I know . very dangerous . I know and I have get something break . I know it 's gonna take some time to get fix . he pick up he jacket on a chair and put it on . larry you be a pretty good therapist . how long do it take a man like you to forgive himself . bill I see you when I get back from Los Angeles . during the two last reply , Bill have walk to the front door . larry do not run away because of one treatment failure . bill I be not run away , Larry , it 's just a little trip to Los Angeles . besides , you can not really run away . it 's all up here , be not it ... he show he forehead and pretend he be shoot a bullet in it . pow !... it 's a package deal . the head go with I . above l.a . - exterior day shot of L.A. see from the sky , then shot of a airplane landing . on this two short shot , we hear : stewardess lady and gentlemen , welcome to Los Angeles . please remain seat until the aircraft come ... the end of the sentence be not understandable , because it be mix with the sound of a radio set in a car . voice in the radio just another Monday in paradise . there be a fender - bender on 405 , slow thing down . taxi in a traffic jam - exterior day the voice in the radio be cover by the voice of the taxi driver . he wear a french cap and a stripe shirt . he have a strong foreign accent , which make he sentence a bit hard to understand . Bill be seat at the back of the taxi . he be wear a black polo shirt , jeans and sunglass . taxi driver hey ! jerk-off ! what be you look at ! there 's a accident !... short shot of the accident . ... hey ! what happen ? anybody be hurt ? anybody be dead ? car horn . a car bump into the back of the taxi . Bill move forward and backward , and then massage the back of he head . what be you do ? you be look there and drive here ? put the pedal on the metal ... asshole ! bob be office - meeting room - interior day Bob 's office be locate in a big modern building in downtown L.A. a wide sit room , call '' Group room» be reserve for group therapy session . Furniture be modern and functional , but with a little personal touch . Close - up of a woman 's hand , who steal a lighter on a table . then we see sondra put covertly the lighter in she purse . she be dress in a very elegant way , and wear expensive jewel . richie , a teenager with a large checker float shirt , a sleeveless denim jacket and walkman earphone on he head , walk behind she without look at she , and get seat in a armchair . we hear voice , but we understand only a few word here and there . then a voice become clearer than the other one . it be Clark 's voice count the book on a shelf . bit of conversation be the aquarium with it ?... that 's a blue shark ... ok ... be that a after-schock I feel ?... clark he be dress with a very neat grey suit . everything on he be neat : not a hair go the wrong way . 33 and 3 be ... 44 ... 45 casey he be seat on a armchair shape like a giant hand . he look ver uartist . he wear he hair tie in a ponytail . he be make fun of Clark . 5 ... clark 38 ... 14 ... casey 33 ... clark 2 ... casey 13 ... clark 3 ... casey 29 ... 304 ... sondra casey , you be such a weenie ! buck he look very rough , with he uncomb grey hair . he wear a red sweater without shirt , and a jacket . leave he alone , will you ? clark 7 buck Clark ! casey 8 ... buck Clark ! clark yeah ! buck do you read the paper to - day ? clark no ! buck he take off he jacket . I be just wonder how many fuck page it have ! casey laugh . clark oh Christ ! I fall right into that ! we see Bob behind the glass on the door of the room . he wear a shirt and a necktie , but no jacket . he look pensively at the group . casey 16 ... clark 4 ... 47 ... buck I care that he be late . casey I do not get it . sondra I do too . casey I do not care . sondra why not ? buck because he father 's pay for he therapy . sondra oh , my dead husband be pay for mine , and I still care . casey be look for he lighter . we see sondra taping she chin with the lighter , then give it back to casey . casey unbelievable !... Bob enter the room . bob I think we should get start now ... Clark ... he close the door . we hear Bill 's voice . bill hey Bob ! bob God ! Bill ! bob be office - corridor - interior day Bob jump nervously , then walk in the corridor toward Bill . they hug each other . bob how you do ? you look great . bill I be good ... bob ok ... bill I ' sorry I be late . I get stick in traffic on the freeway . bob listen ... we be just about to get start . bill you know . I will just wait out here for a while . bob why do not you join we ? bill oh no ... listen ... I 's the last thing I need right now ... bob I be serious ... I could use a second look . bill no , Bob ... not tonight ... Bob drag he by the sleeve and push he into the meeting room . bob ' office - meeting room - interior day bob this be my friend , and colleague , Bill capa , from New - York . why do not you sit down over there , Bill ... he sit next to Clark , who stand up to give he room . ... I think it might be interesting for you , and for he , if he sit in one of we session . buck what kind of a shrink be you ? bill I be a behaviorist . casey qualification ? bill same as Bob . we go to college together . we fight the battle at Penn State mental Hospital , as intern ... bob no one be gonna be offended if you want to say no . buck no , Bob ! sondra she simper while she talk . nobod ... nobody want to say no ... I be sondra ... how be you , Bill ? bill Fine , thank you , sondra . clark Medical degree ? bill no. I be a psychologist and a psycho- analyst , not a psychiatrist . the Ph.D. be from n.y.u . clark ok ! thank you ... casey so , it 's Bill and Bob , therapy " à deux " ! bob why do not we begin by introduce ourselves and then say as much or as little about why we be here as we be confortable with ... the secretary close the door behind Bob 's back , who remain seat and only turn he head slightly . buck name 's Buck . sondra oh , that 's helpful . very macho of you buck that 's a anti-gender remark bob sondra ! sondra , whey do not you start we off ? sondra she simper a lot and make strange face while she talk . ok ... my name be sondra dorio ... and ... I always marry older man but ... richie look at Bill 's foot . Bill be wear a red sock and a green sock , which make richie smile . ... I be single now ... and I keep ... I ... I want sex all the time ... Clark look embarrassed . casey sneer . but I mean ... I really do ... want ... a real relationship ... and ... sometimes , I steal thing ... I mean , they be little thing ... richie put he walkman earphone back on he ear . ... it do not make any sense . it 's hard to ... you know , I ... be that ok ! bob thank you . sondra thanks bob richie !... casey this will be a event bob richie ! richie do not hear a thing because of he earphone . buck yelling louder . richie ! he signal he to take off he earphone . richie take they off . richie what ! bob would you like to tell Bill a little something about yourself ? richie no ! clark ok ... if nobody else be go to do it , I will . richie have a gender identity problem , and social phobia , and he 's promise the group no to wear the walkman in this group . buck Doctor Clark , to lay the inventory on . I like that . clark oh , Saint Christopher rattles he chain . buck Saint Michael , sir . clark this be not about you . buck you be right ... bob you know what I be say ?... he talk to richie . richie one feel he have elocution problem . he stutter and look for he word . I ... I ... I op ... open my mouth to talk , but nothing ... happen ... except when I ... when I do drug . I ... I can not ... can not talk ... so that 's ... how come I be here ... they ... they say that I ... I ... that I blush too . casey imitating he . y- you c... can say that again ... richie jump on casey . sondra stand up to stop he , but she be toot late . richie fall on casey and knock he armchair down . richie fuck you !... fuck you !... I will tear you fuckin ' head off ! you fuckin ' cocksucker ! buck get up ! they fight on the floor . Buck try to take they apart . he succeed in tear richie away by hold he with both arm , and carry he away . richie get the fuck off I ! bob Buck . richie get free and walk rapidly out of the room . sondra try to follow he . Bob stop she . sondra richie ! bob it 's all right ... he will come back ... buck Voice over . what do you think , Doctor Clark ?... Bob straighten up the armchair and casey stand up sneering . casey be it something I say ? sondra you be a asshole ! bob you know , guy ... a little humanity ... buck talk to Bill . funny ... oh , fuck laugh !... we be entertaining the shit out of you , be not we ? sondra why do not you stop feel responsible for everyone . buck would you stop wound - lick , sondra . sondra she seem a bit shocked . oh ! that 's very nice ! bob Buck ? buck I lose my wife ... and daughter ... and it just can not seem to pass ... all right ? bill very sorry . how do they die ? buck they say ... he start cry . ... I ... I can not talk about it ... sondra turn she head away : she look disturb and move . Clark wipe he eye . bob casey ? casey he talk in articulate he word in a affect manner . I be casey heinz . I be a painter . I live in a loft downtown , and I guess ... you could say ... I be alienate ... at the end of he reply , he seem to be ready to cry . he put he head in he hand , then show he laugh face . sondra can not you ever be serious ?... buck do a bear poop in the wood ? I sit next to Clark he move to sit behind Clark . he light a cigarette . clark and then smoke up a storm . my name be Clark . I be a lawyer . and I ... I have a compulsive obsessive disorder . casey so what 's the problem ? he sneer . clark the problem be that if you and Buck be go to smoke in here , then the door to Doctor Moore 's office must remain open in minimum of fifteen inch . Buck come and sit next to casey . they smoke together . sondra I can not stand smoke ... ok ? Buck and casey puff cloud of smoke . clark and I would also like to suggest that you buy one of that ashtray ... sondra how come you do not listen to Clark ? how come you do not do anything about this , Bob ? clark ... that suck up the smoke and purify it . they cost nine dollar and ninety - nine cent , half of which be four - ninety - nine point five . casey he laugh he 's go to open the door . clark one of you will have to pay a extra penny , but I be sure you can work that out . casey he 's go to open the door . clark I be go to open the door . General laugh . several incomprehensible word . we understand only sondra 's next reply . sondra you smell like a ashtray . clark you know , if you do not act more seriously in group . richie enter the room . sondra hi , richie ! buck he 's back . casey he 's back . buck next time you get snot on the doorknob ... sondra come sit down here . bob Bill ... what would you like to tell we about yourself ? richie walk behind Bill to reach he seat . bill well ... I have plenty of problem ... the biggest of which right now be jet-lag . so I think I will pass for now , Bob . bob Fair enough ... bob ' office - meeting room - interior night the end of the precede scene fade in the beginning of this one . we be now later in the same day . night have come . the atmosphere seem more relax . Buck be half lie on a sofa . sondra be finish she story with a sweet voice , and do not simper anymore . sondra ... she 's like a daughter to I ... we hang out ... meaning that ... it 's wonderful ... bob he look at this watch . well , that 's all for tonight . I will see you all next week ... buck Way to go . Bob get up very quickly . everyone do like he , but more slowly . Bob turn back before he leave the room . bob Bill ... I will be with you in a couple of minute . Bill nod in agreement . sondra bye ... buck coffee , anyone ? bill yeah . clark he whisper . nine . Bill remain seat and nod to the people get out . Clark remain , behind Bill , in front of the shelf . he put something back in a plastic bag and mumble something we do not understand . Bill turn toward he . clark have you read Bob 's book ? bill no , I have not . clark he put the bag in the pocket of this jacket , and take a book on a shelf . he give it to Bill . it 's really ... it 's quite excellent . bill " Way to go " ... I be glad to hear you like it . clark he wipe he hand with a white handkerchief , wipe the handle of he black leather case before take it , and then put the handkerchief in the pocket of he pants . very much . good night , Doctor capa . bill Bill hold he hand out , but Clark do not take it . he just nod in a friendly way and go out . good night . alone , Bill flip through the book . in front of bob' office build - exterior night Bill and Bob come out of the building where Bob 's office be locate . Bob have he jacket on and Bob be wear a brown leather jacket . he be carry he travel bag . bill alone at last !... bob be you ok ? bill well , nobody jump out of the window . so maybe I be make progress ... bob be car - exterior night Bob 's expensive convertible mercede start away . on the back license plate , we can read '' way to go» . the roof of the car be open . the rest of the scene take place inside the car drive through Los Angeles . bob you want to get a drink ? bill hu-hu ! bob you want to get laid ? bill he laugh . no ! bob so what do you think of my little group ? bill what 's Buck 's story ? bob you mean , how do he loose he wife and kid . I do not know yet . he 's not talk yet ... either ! bill how about casey ? bob you tell I ! bill well ... I smell money ... lot of it ... maybe a abusive father ... how be I do so far ? bob a plus ! bill daddy pay for the expensive loft downtown , and the very expensive artistic life style , as long a junior stay in therapy . bob you get the hair on the back of my neck stand up ! bill yes , I be a psychic when it come to masochist . five will get you ten he like to whack now and then . bob where do you get that from ? bill I be bear with it . like a tuning fork . bob what about richie ? bill genuine nut -case . bob dangerous ? bill volatile ! do not fuck with a trap rat ! bob oh , I see . " trapped rat " syndrome with a recommendation of a " non fuck with " therapy ! Bill laugh . well , can I quote you on that ? they have reach a quieter road . bill yes , you may . take note , there will be a pop-quiz later !... bob ok , I be ready . Bob turn on he leave to enter he residence . bill all right , if I diagnose a schizophrenia , what do you recommend ? bob do not fuck with it ! bill now , you get it . bob' residence - exterior night a huge slide metallic door , with spike on the top , move smoothly to let the car enter . Bill seem impressed by the residence of he friend . he look at the security camera . Bob stop the car and they get out of it . Bill take he luggage . bill it 's all one place ?... they come near a door shape like a giant keyhole . goddamn ... a metallic gate slide behind the door to let they in . like peek through a keyhole ... they get down a few step and reach a lawn . you get a very limited ... view of the truth .... bob what 's that ? Bill look with admiration at the pool , and at the huge and impressive house , very Hollywood - like . bill " Way to go " must have go really well ! bob yeah ! bob' residence - interior night they enter the house . a beep be hear when Bob open the door . bob after you , wise guy ... come on . Bill laugh . bill oh , man ... he laugh , look at the luxury that surround he . the best and the most expensive in modern furniture . large expensive painting hang on the wall . leather armchair . Bob type a secret code on a keyboard . then he switch on a small tv set that show the picture from all the security camera . so , how be we as we approach forty ? bob we be in a good shape . really good shape . we finally get divorced . we have some money ... he put back in place a painting that be slightly crooked . ... we be meticulous . bill he take off he jacket . I do not detect a woman 's touch . bob we have a little friend ... you will meet she . bill she 's too young for you . bob ohh ! bill he sit behind the bar . always get the clich and you will not be disappointed . bob this woman be not a cliché . he have take two bottle of beer from the fridge and he give one to Bill . bill thanks ... they clink the two bottle and drink the beer from the bottle . good to see you , Bob ! bob you too !... so ... Bill play with a «piece of art» , consist of a assembly of square piece of glass glue together into a larger square . the object can pivot on he stand and , when you look through it , you get a distort view of whatever be behind it . you be ready yet ? bill ready to what ? we see the distort face of Bill through the «piece of art» , or rather several distort view of Bill 's face see through each of the individual square of glass . Bob pivot the object to have a better view of he friend . so hard to talk about ... so hard to talk about ... Bill pivot the object again to hide behind it . I 's just a game ... dumb , deceitful game . so I quit my practice . he get up . bob lose you religion , huh ? bill he take a big book on a shelf . there be a picture of sigmund Freud on the cover . well , I certainly lose my belief in the scripture . he put the book back , and with he hand , make a masturbation gesture . bob I be sorry , buddy . you gonna be in a lot of pain . bill there be a distinctive absence of pain . I ... I can not feel the pain that I know that I be suppose to be feel right now . and I think I be go crazy ... we feel that Bill be ready to cry . I be lose , man , I think I be go crazy . he have tear in he eye . bob you may be ... you mind may be shot ... countryside - exterior day in front of Bob 's residence . the sun be shine . Bill be wear a brown tank top and white jogging pants . Bob be wear a blue cyclist shirt and black pants . they be both wear cap . they be ready to go cycle . we hear the voice over of Bob , finish the sentence from the precede scene . bob ... but I hope you body be not . bill do I get to warm up ? bob yeah !... two mile any pace you like . and then ... they mount they bicycle . ... let 's do ten . they be now on the road in front of Bob 's residence . bill ten ? bob too much for you , huh ? bill I dunno ... I be think of maybe twenty . he start full speed . they be now on a minor dirt road . we can see Bob 's house in the background . bob gee ! billy ! you will never change ... why do not we just drop we pants to see who 's get the bigger dick , and then we can go back and have a nice civilized breakfast ? bill would not be civilized ... bob why ? bill you will be sulk ! bob they be go uphill . you do not have hill in New -york ... he slow down . hang on a second ... hang on a second ... hang on a second ... Bob stop and dismount he bike . bill what ? bob what be that ?... what the hell be that ?... Bill dismount he bike . Bob get he bike upside down and set it upright stand on the saddle and the handlebar . he check the chain . Bill be lean on he bike . bill what be you afraid of ? bob I get a gear slip , here somewhere ... bill that 's not what I mean ... what with the security system , the security gate , look over you shoulder . bob I have be get some threat . bill what do you mean ?... death threat ? bob pretty sure it 's somebody in the Monday night group , I just do not know who ... bill Monday night as in last night ? bob yeah !... I be hope that maybe with you tuning fork that you might have a hunch . bill no ... no hunch , Bob . what make you think it 's somebody in the group ? Bob spin the pedal to check the chain . bob only about a dozen thing ... I 's be go on for a couple of month now . it 's funny how it get you after a while . bill call the cop ?... bob he put he bike back on the wheel . yeah ! they say if they have to protect every shrink in L.A. , they will need a army ! but that I should call they if anything happen . they put they sunglass on . bill he laugh . that make sense . bob yeah ! probably , it will just blow over . bill yeah ! bob how about you ? bill about I ... what ? we see they go very fast on the minor dirt road . a horse rider ride near they . what would you give a suicidal patient that 's get everything ? they ride even faster while clowning , like riding on the back wheel . bob parachute , I hear it already . bill out here already , huh ? bob come on , old timer !... bob' residence - exterior day the heavy metal door be slide away . Bob and Bill be get in . they dismount they bike with some difficulty . they drop they bike on the ground . bill oh , shit ! you may have to ... you may have to carry I in . they hold each other by the waist and the shoulder . bob you know you lose a lot more gracefully than you use to ... bill yeah ! well , you know ... practice and all ... hey ! how about that : " learn to loose " by Doctor Bill capa ! a beep and the second gate get open . bob get a ring to it ! bill they be make that seat smaller , huh ? whoo ! they enter the residence . Bill be massage he buttock . bob be office - bob' workroom - interior night short low angle shot of the whole building , before enter Bob 's workroom . Bob 's desk be decorate with two wringht iron eagle . Bob be wear jacket and necktie . he be just finish a session with a patient . bob see you next week . all right ? he escort he patient to the door . enter Barbara , Bob 's secretary . barbara I be go now . you want I to lock on the way out ? bob that will be great , Barbara . she get out . Bob take he jacket off and set it on a clothes valet . he then stop by the shelf behind he desk and start the music : a concerto for piano and orchestra . he sit behind he desk , and start write in a large notebook . he hear a strange noise , and raise he head . he put he pen down , open a drawer and take he revolver out . a draught flip the page of he notebook . he seem to feel better , put the revolver back and close the drawer . then he close the notebook , take it and go to the shelf . he seem to be look for something , and feel worried not to find it . he get out of he workroom . bob be office - meeting room - interior night he enter the meeting room and go directly to the shelf . he look around and take a art book about Van gogh . he check that the size of the art book and the size of he notebook be similar . he take off the dustcover of the art book and put it on he notebook , put he notebook on the shelf where the art book be and put the art book in the bottom of the shelf . a shadow move on the shelf and a strange noise be hear . Bob , a bit nervous , go to the door and open it . the classical music stop . through the open door , we can see Bob open the door of he workroom . bob Barbara ?... he come back into the meeting room . when he enter the room , the light be suddenly switch off . he cross the meeting room . we can hear someone chuckle , and we can see a shadow through the glass on the door . bob be office - corridor - interior night bob get rapidly out of the meeting room . a man , completely cover in black leather , jump through a large ground glass paneI , and jump on Bob 's back . short fight on the floor . Bob get up , bump into the drink fountain which fall on the floor , and fall down . Close - up of the mysterious man 's hand . it be cover with a glove . the hand close itself and a long blade appear on the top of the hand . Bob get up and be stab in the chest . he stagger a bit , take a blue vase on a table and try to hit the head of the mysterious man . he miss and the vase crash on the wall . he be stab again in the chest . his staggering increase . he turn around and the man stab he several time in the back . he stumble to the front door . another stab in the back . the man grab he by he hair to bring he back into the workroom . bob no ... nooooo !... why ? the man stab he several time . Bob be cover with blood . he fall on a glass door . the glass be shattered . Bob fall on he back . a big piece of glass go through he and come out of he stomach . through the window , we can see a helicopter fly over Los Angeles . MAIN police station - exterior night a car have just stop in front of the building . the blue revolve light keep on move on top of the car . a helicopter be fly above the building . it could be the same that be see at the end of the precede scene . Officer Anderson go around the car and open the door for Bill . Bill be wear a T-shirt , a light sweater and jeans . one can tell he have to dress quickly . bill get out of the car , and the car move away . Anderson take Bill into the building . MAIN police station - interior night classical setup of a californian police station . the various room be separate with glass partition . a officer enter push , in front of he , a hooker dress with a minimum of very flashy clothes . voice of a police woman have you think about ... the hooker man , I do not do nothing . oh , please ... you know , you be very cute . I love you . the police officer I love you too ! Anderson lead Bill into a room and leave he there . Bill sit down . enter lieutenant hector martinez . he be wear a pink shirt with short sleeve . his tie be badly knotted on a open collar . he have a police badge fix on he belt . he hold a file in he hand . hector you be capa ? bill yes , I be Doctor capa . hector he close the door , put he file on the desk and sit down behind the desk . you be here because of the dead doctor ? bill yes ... hector I read something about session on monday . tell I about this Monday group . bill there 's five patient in the group . I can not really remember they name right now . hector he tap he head with he right hand , a gesture meaning mental illness . he have a telephone number scribble on the palm of he hand . like five cuckoos . bill no . four neurotics of vary degree and one killer . at least , that 's what Bob think . hector Bob Moore ? bill good . yes , Bob Moore . hector four man and one woman . bill right . hector and you sit in one of this session , right ? bill yes , I do . hector so , who do it ? Anderson enter the room behind Bill , carry a plastic cup . hey-hey -hey-hey ... ! Anderson ! this be civilization , man . what do think this be ?... you bedroom ?... Anderson give Bill the cup . damn ... knock ... knock ... do not ... do not come into my office like that , bro . hey ! Anderson leave the room and close the door . it 's third world thing !... where be we ?... bill he blow on the cup . you be probing I about the patient . and I be about to tell you that I really can not help you at all . I do not really know any of this people . hector but you be a professional like I . you gotta have some kind of suspicion . bill I really do not have a clue . I would like to help you , but even if I could , there be a issue of confidentiality . hector confidentiality ?... bill yes . hector he laugh and get up . you be talk to I about a issue of confidentiality . bill similar to the miranda oath . hector he sit down on the desk , face Bill . if a friend of mine get kill , and the only thing between the killer and I be miranda , you know what I will do ?... huh ?... fuck miranda up the ass . but do not tell anybody , because it 's a matter of confidentiality ... shhh !... he put a finger on he lip . bill oh , look ! I be sorry I can not help you . I have only be in Los Angeles four day . hector you be sleep at that ... dead guy 's house , be not you ? bill yes . hector maybe something will come to you in the night , you know , like dream and shit . but ... what happen to patient in a situation like this ? bill usually a colleague will offer to take over the group ... continue the treatment . hector he get up . we see he pistol hook on the back of he belt . how sweet !... how sweet !... it 's like one of the vulture die and then the other step in line and eat he portion . he mime vulture walk . be that what you be plan ? bill no . hector why not ? bill because I really can not handle that right now . hector sure you can !... come on !... you have be a week in L.A. and you already have you own private screwing farm . he sit back on the edge of the desk . how bad can that be ?... that 's a great career move .... where be you at the time of the kill , capa ? bill he pause before answer . I be at he house , Bob 's house . hector you have to think about that ? bill Jesus Christ !... be you go to arrest I , Lieutenant martinez ? hector hey ! you want a lawyer ? bill do I need a lawyer ? hector you be in L.A. everybody need a lawyer . he go back to he seat behind the desk , and conspicuously show he back to Bill . all right !... you can go home now , take a shower . he turn back to Bill . and keep you mouth shut . the only thing that I get go for I be that few people know what happen , and I do not want the press fuck thing up . bob' residence - interior night Bill play with the «piece of art» make of piece of glass . he pivot it . we can see Bill 's face duplicate by the object . we then see Bill put back in place the same crooked painting that Bob have be put back in place the first time Bill be in the house . then we see he walk pensively around the house . bob' residence - interior day a corridor . we hear the buzz of a intercom . Bill come out of the bathroom , dress in a white bathrobe . he be drying he hair with a towel . bill all right !... all right !... hold on ! he walk in the corridor , look for the buzzer . he arrive into the main hall , near the video security device . on the wall near the tv set , two large painting show enlarge footprint . on the screen , we see hector 's face . bill oh shit ! bob' residence - MAIN gate - exterior day hector be wait in front of the gate . he be wear a grey shirt , a beige blazer and a necktie , and a police badge on he belt . next to he be Bob 's car . behind he , a uniform police officer . hector press the bell . we hear a beep . bob' residence - hall - interior day we see and hear hector via the tv set . hector capa !... capa !... be you there ? Bill take the remote control . bill yeah ... hector how be it go ? bob' residence - MAIN gate - exterior day we hear Bill 's voice in the intercom . bill what do you want ? hector I bring the victim 's car back and I get to search the house . bob' residence - hall - interior day bill you get a search warrant ? bob' residence - MAIN gate - exterior day hector what be it with you ? do not you want I to find out who kill you friend ?... no , I do not have a warrant . bob' residence - hall - interior day bill all right ... come on in ... hector open the gate . bill yeah ... right ... how 's that ? bob' residence - MAIN gate - exterior day hector wait a little , then get spray by a sprinkler locate outside the screen-field . hector you get the sprinkler on ! bob' residence - hall - interior day we hear the end of hector 's sentence . bill how about that ? Bill tap on the remote control . we hear a beep . on the tv set , we see hector take he jacket off . bob' residence - sitting room - interior day hector be search the shelf on the wall . he quickly look through the book , take a step back , then thrust he hand behind a row of book , and grab a photo album . while flipping through the page , he go to the sofa and sit next to Bill . Bill be wear a white shirt and a pair of jeans . hector go on turn the page , and stop on a page with the picture of supine naked woman . bill Jill ... he wife ... he ex-wife ... hector Nice bush ! Bill close the album , take it from hector 's hand and get up . he turn to look at hector . bill I will tell you say so ... he walk to the shelf and put the album back where it be find . he look at hector . I be sure it will mean a lot to she ... bob' residence - bedroom - interior day Close - up of the head of the bed . it be decorate with wooden sculpture of woman 's face . hector enter the room , follow by Bill . he go to the bed and stroke the sculpture . hector check this fuck bed ! he go around the bed and sit next to the sculpture , which he keep on fondle . damn !... everybody be have fun but I , goddammit ! hector open a drawer , and take a revolver out of it . he hold it with he pen stick into the trigger ring . bill I do not like gun . hector put the revolver back in the drawer . hector you prefer knife ? bob' residence - exterior day Bill and hector be get out of the house . hector I need you to do I a favor . bill what 's that ? they be crossing the garden . hector be still in shirtsleeve and have some papers in he hand . hector I want you to tell the group about Moore 's death . bill I ?... hector yes . bill why ? hector well , maybe one of they will not come in , or maybe they will all come in , but then you would be able to spot something wrong . bill I just can not handle it right now ... ok ?... hector I just have all the mess in he office clean up . do not you want to help I find the killer ? have a heart . bill what do that mean ? hector if you do not tell they , I will have to tell they . be I the person to break the news to this people ? '' listen up , you fuck daffodil , you shrink be dead . they have reach the main gate . hector get out and Bill press a switch . the gate start slide between he and hector . which mean that all the time , effort and love you put in this relationship be waste . you have get to remain as fuck up as you be or get worse . '' bill you be one sinister piece of work . all right , I will do it . hector it 's better if you do it . a road - exterior day we be in Bob 's car , with the roof open . Bill be wear a green polo shirt , jeans and sunglass . he be on the phone , while he drive the car , but he drive slowly . bill no , you listen to I . you do not understand , gene . do not lie , just give the family what it want ... no ... no , you do not understand . we see Bill from the back . in the rear-view mirror of the car , we see another convertible vehicle approach with also its roof open . a young girl be drive . she come a bit too fast and bump into the back of Bill 's car . Bill jump and stop he car . I have to call you back . Christ ! he put the telephone back on he hook and get out of the car . he go to Rose 's car . she be lean on the steering wheel . hey !... you be right ?... hey !... he open the door . she stand back . she be wear a large beige sweater . rose why I ?... hi !... I be Rose . bill hi , Rose !... i't nice to run into I like this !... I be Bill capa ... he go away from the car . rose I get no insurance ... she get out of she car . I know it 's against the law and everything . she go around she car , and look at the damage . do not bust my chop . I will bring the money to you , if you just get a estimate . she stoops , pick up a piece of red plastic and give it to Bill . ok ?... just give I a break ! bill get a pen ? Rose go to she car and Bill throw the piece of red plastic away . Rose get into she car , look into she purse , and take a small notebook and a pen . Bill take they but hesitates before write . Rose smile mockingly . rose oh , poor old brain can not remember its own phone number . bill I just move here ... from New York ... I write my address down , because I be not sure about this number , and how long I gonna be there , so maybe you can call I sometimes for the next couple of day . rose I will . bill bye ! he go away from the car . rose hey !... do not you want my address ? Bill get into he car . bill you could lie . he start he car . bob be office - workroom - interior night Bill skip through the page of a large notebook , look exactly like the one Bob have hide under a Van gogh dustcover just before he get kill . he put he back on the two other one , already lie on the desk . he be wear a grey T-shirt and a open denim shirt . bob be office - meeting room - interior night Bill enter the room , come from the workroom . bill hi !... who have not arrive yet ? buck he be stand up . he be wear a white T-shirt and a grey sweater with a V -shape collar . sondra ... where 's Bob ? richie he be wear a grey sport jacket with a zipper and a stripe T - shirt . wha ... what 's wrong ? bill if it 's all right , I would rather wait till you be all here . she 's always this late ? clark he be wear a dark suit , very elegant . he be wiping he hand with a handkerchief . depend on who be bang she ... sondra she enter very rapidly through the corridor door . she seem very happy . she drop on the armchair next to casey . she be wear a very close - fitting overall , which be generously open on she throat . the top of the overall be very colorful and the bottom be black . on top of it , she be wear a pink sport jacket . oh , I be sorry ... class be really , really really late . casey he be sit in a armchair . he be wear a grey collarless shirt and a black sleeveless vest . be class be that , sondra ? Advanced cunnilingus for the single woman , or a cpr for pleasure and game ? buck Christ , do not excite she !... sondra where be Doctor Moore ? bill there 's something I want to tell you . richie &amp ; casey what ? sondra what 's the matter ? casey shhhh !... sondra I be try to pay attention ... shhh ! bill you should prepare yourself for bad news ... sondra why ?... bill Bob 's be kill . sondra her face be distort by the pain . she put she hand in front of she mouth . ohhhh ! casey what be you say ?... what be you tell I ? bill he be murder . casey sondra !... bill he be lock up here late Friday night . sondra here ?... bill yes , right here in the office . buck be he shot ... stab ... beat ?... have they get a suspect ... a motive ? Three day go by , and you do not call we . bill it be easier if you be here together . casey he stand up . oh , I see . so , even Bob 's death be group therapy . that 's great . hey , Bob , thanks for give we a chance to grieve together . shit !... he get more and more angry through the precede reply . buck he have become very nervous too . what the fuck be go on here ? I need to know more . bill he be stab to death . clark how many time be he stab ? sondra she jump up . she go to Clark and hit he . this man be Bob 's best friend . do you really need exact number now ? bill he take sondra very gently by the shoulder and bring she back to she seat . sondra ... sondra ... sondra ... sondra ... sondra get you fuck hand off I ... bill it 's ok ... it 's ok ! casey it do not make sense to I ... bill many time , Clark ... more than thirty ... it 's all I can tell you ... casey it be not a thief , I can tell you that right now . clark I agree . casey he be still very nervous . I mean , why stab a guy thirty time ?... Bob !... he would piss in he pants if you show he a knife , you know that ... sondra she be cry . what be you say ? casey I be say , sondra , that you really , really have to hate a person to stab he that many time . you be a shrink , right ? you know what kind of power people hand over a shrink . or maybe sometimes , they hand even more than they want to . clark that be absolutely correct ... a thief would not stick around and stab someone thirty time . buck he sit down . since when do you become such a expert on robbery ? sondra it 's not the robbery he 's a expert on , it 's the rage . richie he have seat himself behind sondra and put he hand on she shoulder . what ... what be we gonna do now ? I mean u...us , th ... the group ? casey I bet Doctor capa have a idea ... buck what do he mean ? casey hit he forehead . Buck be almost cry . bill he sit down . I think casey be suggest that I ... may have some plan to replace Bob ... casey sit down . sondra maybe you should . bill no ... I can not do that ... not right now ... sondra why ?... bill one reason be that I be more screw up than you people be . casey I be just be obnoxious , and loud before . anybody have a fuck xanax ? sondra I have a librium ... buck stop with the drug . casey it would be a good idea if you stay . buck Bob be not cold yet ? casey I mean , there will be some connection . right ?... sondra she get up and sit down in front of Bill . she take the cushion which be on the armchair and hug it . you be Bob 's best friend ... you ... you seem kind of like he ... I will be so much easier to trust you . bill during the follow reply , richie come and sit behind sondra . I know what kind of force a group can become in you life ... you tell thing here ... intimate thing that ... you would not tell you best friend . I be very flatter that you would ... he stop . he seem ready to cry . but the truth be : you be the people that make this work . I would be more than happy to try to find someone for you to continue this , but I can not help you . clark if my opinion count for anything , I would like to ask : why it be you feel so inadequate for the task . Buck come and sit next to Clark . buck maybe he just do not like we . bill no , that 's not it , Buck . buck why do not you step on something ? clark you stop . bill six week ago , I speak harshly to a patient . and she commit suicide ... right in front of I . Clark put he handkerchief on he lip . perhaps she would have do this , anyway . that 's what my colleague say ... but I do not know ... sondra oh , I be sorry . bill he be cry with big tear . and my patient ... her name be Michelle ... she jump out ... of a window in my office ... ohh ... so much blood ... and so red ... and in right time , before my eye ... the red just disappear ... it 's turn to grey ... so I do not see ... red now ... then I fail ... so I can not help you ... I do not think that you want someone like I around right now ... Clark wipe he face again with he handkerchief . he seem to be extremely move . buck I think I do . richie m... I too . casey why do not you give we a try for a month . clark listen , if you need anything , any free legal advice , to help you wrap up Bob 's affair , please do not hesitate to call I . I be not with anyone right now . I will be more than happy to help you in anyway . Clark give he business card to Bill , who take it . then he give he a kleenex . Bill wipe he eye . bill thank you . we see , through the window , light - beam crossing in the sky . the whisky bar - exterior night usual atmosphere of a well - know bar . at a short distance from the entrance of the bar , a truck with two floodlight , the beam of which be sweeping the sky . that beam make the connection with the precede scene . the whisky bar - interior night Quick shot on the very noisy orchestra . a long hair bearded guy be play the drum , a girl be play the guitar . Bill , dress exactly like in the precede scene , be look for someone . eventually he found he , hector , who be already seat . Bill sit down at hector 's table . hector be wear a open dark pink shirt . hector you bring I a confession ? bill no . hector well , you win some , you lose some , right capa ? bill listen , maybe it be not one of the group hector oh no ... he 's beginning to like they already . you friend Bob Moore deserve a lot more loyalty than this . bill hey ... why ... why be we stay here shouting at each other for ? what 's this place ? hector I use to work in narcotic . they use to come here a lot . I probably fuck and , or arrest half of this people 's parent . it 's a nice place . I like it . bill make sense . look , I be sorry I have not get anything for you . I will see you around . Bill get up and leave the bar . hector get up behind he and follow he . they meet back in the street . the whisky bar - exterior night hector so , that 's it , hey ? bill yeah . hector anything you want to tell I ?... they put back they jacket . bill no voice of the car valet yeah , it 's a four-door , man ! hector and Bill be walk slowly in front of the bar . hector so you better shut the group down . bill who say I have not ? hector oh , have you or have not you ? bill they ask I to take over the group . I could not say no . hector ha ! ha !... I figure ... you be gonna do real well in this town . shut the fucker down . bill stop . you send I over there . hector no , I send you there to convey a piece of bad news ... a pedestrian bump into hector . will you give I a break , will you , man !... hector lay the man on the hood of a car and frisk he . I do not send you there to go trolling for business . bill come on ! hector let the man go and start walk again with Bill near the bar . hector you tell I you could not handle it . bill well , it turn out that I handle it now . hector you stick you dick in a barrel full of barracudas once . maybe you will not lose it . you leave it in there , it 's gonna get shew up at the root . they stop walk . bill I appreciate you concern for my dick , hector , thank you . hector I be be really nice , full of concern for you safety , in case it 's one of they , hey ? shut it down , ok ?... bill no ... I can not do that . hector he yell . shut it down , chingada ! do not be a asshole . you will find another set of wombat to exploit ! bill this sudden irrational outburst , hector ... do they begin in childhood or in puberty ? hector get out of my face . bill be I in you face ? what a interesting choice of word ! would you like I in you face ? you be marry , hector ?... if you wanna deal with any of this problem , I will give you special rate . Bill have move slightly away from hector and turn he back to he . hector special rate ?... ha ! ha !... what , like frequent flyer mile ?... hector mime something ( or someone ) crash on the ground . then he walk around he car . let I ask you something . be you really color-blind , or be that some shit you feed they with so they feel sorry for you ? bill no , unfortunately I be color ... do you bug the office ? hector hey , for a shrink , you be pretty fuck dense . hector get in he car , while the valet be hold the door for he . he close the door and the car move away , leave a pensive Bill on the sidewalk . bob' residence - exterior night Bill come to the keyhole shape door . we can see he car park behind he . he dial a code on a keyboard and the gate open behind the door . he look cautiously around he before walk further . he press a switch to close the gate . bob' residence - interior night Bill enter the house . it be very dark . he open a glass door and walk slowly , while the door close behind he . he hesitates a moment , then walk more decidedly ... and fall heavily on the floor ! he stand back up with some difficulty , and discover that the whole floor be flood . bob' residence - kitchen - interior day Bill enter the kitchen without switch the light on . he take a big butcher 's knife in a stand on the table , and look in the corridor . bob' residence - corridor - interior night Bill wade in the flood corridor . he seem worried and we see the knife blade shine . he enter the bathroom , the door of which be wide open , and open the shower stall . a rush of water run out of it . a alarm start sounding . he go back into the corridor and turn off the garden hose faucet . bob' residence - garden - exterior night the alarm have stop sounding . Bill be wear short pants and he be empty a bucket of water on the lawn . then he spread a wet cloth on the back of a seat . several other wet clothes be already drying . rose hello ! bill who 's there ? we see Rose enter through the keyhole - shape door . rose hi !... remember I ?... fender-bender !... bill there she be , a little angel , dance on the head of a pin . Rose get down the few step to the garden . she be wear a light flower summer dress . rose so ... do you get that estimate ? bill no . rose waow !... Nice place you get here . it 's a little cold ... but it 's kind of tasteful , right ? bill and wet ! rose you too , I guess . bill cold or tasteful ? rose so ... be we eat in here , or you take I out ?... Bill burst laugh . big HOTEL - MAIN hall - interior night we still hear Bill 's laugh slowly fade out . we be look above the main hall of a big luxurious hotel . two attendant be push a baggage cart . we move with they to the restaurant room . Bill and Rose be seat at a table . rose you can not ? ... at all ?... waow !... big HOTEL - restaurant - interior night Close - up on Rose put lipstick on . rose not even a shade of pink ?... can not tell I if it 's smear or not ? bill I can not tell you if you eye be bloodsh . rose really !... that 's sad !... you know what ?... in respect for you infirmity , I be gonna give up wear lipstick . Close - up on Rose put she lipstick in she glass of water . there be something about I that I bet you find a little strange . right ? in several shot during this dialogue , we see Bill seat in front of a mirror wall and Rose 's reflection in the mirror behind Bill 's back . bill what be that ? rose well , I have not ask you what you do . bill that 's right . you show a remarkable restraint . rose well , it 's because I would rather guess . you know , I actually get upset if someone try to tell I before I can ... figure it out for myself , you know ? bill but what if I be ashamed of what I do . rose why ... why should you be ashamed of be a shrink . bill who tell you I be a shrink ? rose well ... be you ? bill how do you know ? rose the way you look at I , you know ? bill how I look at you ? rose you ... you have this kindness in you eye . but I think you be use it to keep I away . you know , you be try to play safe . you be try to think of a case instead of think of a female . bill so , you have a tuning fork too . rose I guess we have a lot in common . bill we seem to be play the same game . rose why do you say I be play a game ? bill because you be the fantasy girl , be not you ? quicksilver ? the face glimpse across a crowded room ? rose yeah , that 's ... that 's exactly what I be . bill you will be whatever they want you to be ... no substance , no rule . Light as air . so you foot never have to touch that burn hot coal the rest of we walk around on . rose yeah . sort of like ... not see red ? bill yeah , sort of like that . big HOTEL - MAIN hall - interior night the main hall see from above . Bill be crossing the hall with Rose hold he arm . rose I be afraid during dinner that you have take a room here ... and I might have to decide whether or not to go up with you . big HOTEL - HOTEL MAIN entrance - exterior night Rose and Bill be leave the hotel . bill yes , but that be part of my plan . I mean , I want to . Bill give a ticket to the car valet . thank you . rose oh , I need a taxi . taxi ! bill no , hey , hey . wait , wait , wait . what be you be so tough for ? rose I be just beginning to think that maybe I 'il ... Rose kiss Bill very tenderly , and even with some spirit . while kissing , Bill move Rose to a more discreet place near the entrance . he stroke she shoulder and get the strap of she dress a bit down . then he move up the bottom of she dress to stroke she thigh . voice of the valet voice over cab 's here ! yo , who call a taxi ? bill I be think you should just let I take you home and forget about this stupid taxi . rose Rose walk to she wait cab . well , I be thinkin ' you should stay exactly where you be , ' cause ... she smile and look at Bill 's crotch . in that condition , you would get arrest . start another riot . bill give I you phone number and address . rose why ? you want to make I fall to earth and burn my foot ? whatever happen to quicksilver and light as air ? she open the cab 's door and climb inside . she wave to Bill . bill she float away on she sweet young leg . wave to he once . drive away without a backward glance . Rose close the door and the cab move away . bob be office - build - exterior day the first sentence of the follow dialogue be hear voice - over on a wide shot of the modern glass building where Bob 's office be locate . bob be office - workroom - interior day Bill sit behind the desk . in front of the desk , already seat , Dale , richie 's brother . he be wear a open khaki shirt . Bill wipe he glass and put they on . he be wear a open light - blue shirt . dale richie be what he be . bill what exactly be that ? dale he be bear back of a van go up Route 5 to a grateful Dead concert . the first sound he ever hear be " beat it on down the line . " they both laugh . bill well , it could be worse . dale not much . bill how long have you be he guardian ? dale since he be nine or ten . but I have always take care of richie . bill so , what can I do for you ? dale um , I be hope you would help I ... get richie out of therapy . look , I know I be just he brother , but I have be like a mother and a father to he ... Bill take he glass off . and I know I can get overprotective , but ... bill why would you want to take richie out of therapy now ? dale what richie need be normalcy . bill well , normalcy ... Bill get up and keep on talk while walk in the room . normalcy can be interprete in a lot of different way . dale richie have practically be raise by the state ... Bill sit back . ... the social worker , psychiatrist ... force he into this , um , psycho-servitude . he be the sweetest kid you ' will ever meet , but he think of himself as handicapped . it just be not right . bill well , he 's get legal problem . richie be sentence by the court to mandatory treatment . dale every kid get into trouble . and that 's why I need you to help get he out . bill you know , Dale , it 's hard to tell when someone 's feel pain ... but I want you to know ... dale if richie feel pain ... then I feel pain . pretty much in tune with he . I just wish you would give we a chance . bill let I check out richie 's status . then , uh , I will give probation a call . Bill get up . dale oh , thanks . thanks , Dr. capa . Dale get up and shake Bill 's hand . I really appreciate it . bill you be welcome , Dale . you either lift weight or work with you hand . dale yeah , uh , I make furniture . bill really . Bill sit back , but not Dale . dale yeah , I make this desk for Bob , to remind he of New York . bill no kid . dale we call it the Chrysler desk . bill Chrysler . dale you ever see he bed ? casey' loft - interior day track shot start on a large painting show a naked woman tie with ribbon . we hear the phone ringing . the answer machine get on while the tracking shot move to a painting show another woman naked but for very small leather panty . she be hang upside down with chain and rope . casey' voice on the answering machine hi. this be casey . I can not get to the phone right now , so , uh , leave a message . thanks . a beep end the message . the tracking shot move on to a motorcycle , look old , then to another painting show a redhead woman wear a bustier , a garter belt and hose , all red . she be stand on hand and knee and she be wrap with chain . we hear Bill 's voice leave a message on the answer machine . bill be voice on the answering machine casey , this be Bill capa . it 's around noon . you father send I a check for the private session you be have with Bob . should I send the check back or do you want to continue ? let I know , okay ? a click end the message . during Bill 's message , the tracking shot move to a giant plastic statue , with Walt Disney 's Pluto 's head on a human male body . then the tracking shot move more quickly to another painting show a redhead woman wear a close- fitting sexy black overall . then a close shot on a painting of a woman wear a harness with spike . further away we see another painting show a redhead woman be whipped . at the end of Bill 's message , the tracking shot end on casey lie supine on a weightlifting bench . his writ be tie to the vertical bar where a dumbbell be rest . casey I think I want to continue . we hear the crack of a whip . since the shot be show only casey 's head and chest , we do not see who be whipping he . you bitch ! another whip crack . I call you a bitch ! whip crack . I be sorry . I be sorry . whip crack . the tracking shot start move backwards , but with a larger angle . oh ! whip crack . casey 's voice be softer . medium long shot on the room . oh ! I be sorry . almost hysterical laugh . road in front of bob' residence - exterior day we see Bill , bare chest , wear sneaker short pants and cap , run toward we . his T-shirt be hang at he side , partly stick in the elastic band of he short . Bill stop run when he reach the mailbox , hesitates one moment , come two step back and open the box . Close - up on the box , inside of which a coiled rattlesnake whip a menace fork tongue . the snake rattles , then the front half of the snake jump out of the box , with its mouth wide open . Bill fall on the road , where he remain seat without move . the snake , with the back half of he body still in the box , do not seem to know what it must do next . a car arrive at a high rate of speed . since a pick - up be park on the other side of the road , the car must zigzag and it barely avoid drive on Bill . bill yelling to the driver . hey ! the car honk . we get a close - up of the driver when the car come very close to Bill . the driver you idiot ! Bill look at the depart car and notice a city worker blow dead leave on the bank of the road . bill he yell to the city worker , but , with the loud noise of he power blower , the man do not hear he and remain concentrate on he work . hey ! hey !... help !... shit ! Bill crawl back a little , then he eventually stand up . he cross the road , and take a big shovel in the pick - up truck . fuck ! he cross the road back . the snake be back in the mailbox . hello ! Bill hit the box very hard with the shovel . snake and mail fall on the road . Bill laugh and throw the shovel on the side of the road . I be not goin ' back to New York , you hear I ? you be stick with I ! Bill stoops to pick up the letter scattered on the road . he look at the envelope . fuckin ' bill . great . we see the snake disappear through the grass on the side of the road . Bill , with he back to the road , be get ready to enter the house . a car stop and honk . Bill turn around to face hector . hector capa ! bill he come back to the car . he look very angry . oh , that 's perfect ! that 's really perfect ! just like a cop ! you be never there when you need one ! hector what do I do now ? bill somebody put a rattlesnake in the mailbox , hector ! hector he laugh . a rattlesnake ! bob' residence - kitchen - interior day Bill be wash he arm in the sink . hector you scared the shit out of I outside . bill oh , I scared you , huh ? what the hell be you do here ? hector I could use some assistance , some of you professional wisdom . bill I be really flatter . hector everyone in the group have a alibi . except for casey . he say he be alone in he loft . bill yeah ? hector mm-hmm . bill what do that mean ? he dry he arm with a dishcloth . hector what do you make of casey ? bill he 's a good kid . hector you be a asshole , capa . Bill turn the water off , throw the dishcloth on the sink . hector walk in the room while wiping he hand with another dishcloth . bill should we analyze that statement , hector ? hector yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . come on . who be we man ? help I . bill you be the cop . figure it out . he get out of the kitchen , follow by hector . bob' residence - corridor - interior day hector you know what I think ? I think it be you . you have get the look . bill that 's right . hector yeah , I be talk to people who know you both . everyone say there be a weird competitive thing go between you . they have come to the hall where the security tv screen be locate . they stop walk . bill yeah , that 's right . there be . I admit it . he be on the way up ... and I be on the way down . hector include ... he whistle , miming , with both hand , something crash down . splat ! it unhinge you . bill I bet you have see every episode of columbo , huh ? sound of a buzz . the two man look at the security screen . who be it ? Bill tap on the remote control , and Rose appear on the screen . rose hi . it 's I , Rose . the old fender bender . Bill tap again on the remote control to open the gate , and Rose leave the tv screen . hector that 's a very young girl to be go around ... fend bender . Bill put the remote control down and follow hector to the main gate . bob' residence - garden - exterior day hector be walk to the exit . as he reach the bottom of the step , Rose be go down . Bill , stand behind a low wall , look at she come . bill here she come . weightless , hang from the sky ... wear a short dress of indeterminate color . rose it 's red , poor thing . bill thank you . they kiss . Rose take he hand . rose I be think . maybe I should see a shrink . bill I can recommend someone . rose I feel better already . Close - up on they kissing . bill God , I miss you . they be now at the edge of the pool . rose this time you will not miss . they fall fully dress in the pool . underwater shot . they keep on kissing in the water . Bill take she dress off . she wear nothing underneath . we can see a rise tattooe on she buttock . she slip Bill 's short down to he ankle . we get a brief view of Bill 's penis . above water shot . they be now in the water up to they waist . Bill be kissing Rose 's breast . underwater shot . they be back underwater . Bill be kissing Rose 's leg , and move slowly up to she crotch . she have trim pubic hair , but with some leave . still kissing , Bill move up along she stomach and reach hers breast , which he kiss greedily . above water shot . Bill be lean he back against the edge of the pool . Rose be lie on he . they be still in the water up to they waist . underwater shot . Rose be kissing Bill 's chest et go slowly down he stomach , then along one of he leg . we get another brief view of Bill 's penis . we notice that it be not erect ( certainly to avoid be x-rate ) . bob' residence - bedroom - interior day multiple shot of Bill and Rose make love , see through the «piece of art» . then tracking shot on the two body fondle each other . shot on the bedroom window , and two hand - glider in the californian sky . back to the lover couple . they be sweat profusely . they position and they movement suggest , without actually show it , that Bill be inside Rose . Bill turn Rose around to put she lie on she stomach . Rose hold the two sculpt bed post very tightly . it be suggest that Bill could be sodomize she . they both moan . the moan increase with a suggestion of a orgasm . rose still hold the bedpost . she speak with a breathless voice . I want you to get dress up ... get dress up ... all right ? she turn around to face he . I want to get dress up . bill right now ? rose uh-huh . bob' residence - dine - room - interior night through the window , we notice that the night have fall . Bill , seat behind the table , be wear brown suit and necktie , very elegant . on the table , wine and water glass and two chandelier , with a light candle . in front of Bill , a plate with food . Rose enter the field , carry another plate , which she set on the other side of the table . in the plate , a piece of grill beef , noodle et vegetable . Rose sit behind she plate . as the table be make of glass , we see that Rose be naked . rose you be not eat . do not you like my food ? bill I would like you food five inch to the leave . rose okay . Rose move the plate to she leave , show she naked body though the glass table . but if you do not like this ... I have something else for you . she laugh . bill yeah , okay . rose I think it 's ready . she stand up laugh . fade out on the next scene . bob' residence - bathroom - interior night Long scene on the couple make love stand under the shower . fade out on the next scene . bob' residence - bedroom - interior day Bill wake up , naked , and alone in the bed . one of he hand be cuffed to one of the bedpost with a long strap . he laugh . archive room - interior day a archive room , congest with shelf from floor to ceiling . on this shelf , hundred , and perhaps thousand , of file , stack not too cleanly . Bill be lean on one of the shelf . the archivist , a forty - year old lady , appear from behind another shelf , apparently come down some step . Bill stand up . the archivist it 's a miracle . I find it . she start walk between two row of shelf . Bill follow she , put he glass on . here he be . richie dexter . legal guardian : Dale dexter . that 's he brother . kid be put under care , let 's see , about six year ago . bill he try to read above she shoulder . do it say why ? the archivist abandonment , abuse . the child be assign to a , uh ... she flip a page in the file . Dr. niedelmeyer in pasadena . a child psychiatrist . richie be 12 . Bill try to come back to the precede page , but the archivist look angrily at he , silently meaning he be go a bit too far . no foster parent . look like the doctor retire a couple year after that . then we lose track of the kid until recently . bill what do you mean , " lose track " of they ? the archivist she close the file , and keep on walk between the row of shelf , follow by Bill . like on a radar : one minute a blip , the next , no blip . hey , look . this be the lose soul memorial wing . Children of L.A. County of the '90s : 250 000 case in here , and there 's two more down the hall . sondra's residence - bedroom - interior day the room be decorate in quite a luxurious way , but with a lot of good taste . painting on the wall . bed cover with a embroider bedspread , and many cushion . at the foot end of the bed , a small upholster bench . two woman enter the room , laugh and carry many parcel , which they throw on the bed . bonnie nobody 's like you ex-husband ! sondra that 's for sure . that 's for sure . bonnie take one of the parcel , a large white box . okay , okay , okay . bonnie she take a white dress out of the box . for the first time , we see a close - up of she face , and we discover she be Rose , different hairdo , a lot of almost vulgar make - up , but still , she be Rose . here it be . oh , sondra , it be so beautiful . be not it great ? sondra I know . it 's incredible . look at all this bag . rose she shamelessly take off the dress , and , as she wear no bra , she stand naked , save for she panty , in front of sondra . oh , the man that be stare at you in the shop ... be so funny . she laugh . sondra freeze watch the naked body of she friend . I think I should have get it in green or something . rose oh ! oh ! lush ! she have put the white dress on . what do you think ? sondra she seem very move . I think ... you look beautiful . rose you sure ? sondra oh , yeah . rose come zip I up . sondra okay . okay . she get up from the bed to zip up Rose 's dress . oh , this be so tight . rose thank you . sondra I need to find a new husband . they both laugh . sondra go back sit on the bed and look through the parcel . I need some more money . rose oh , man . who need they ? have you see my earring anywhere ? sondra she wave the earring in front of Rose 's face . yes , I have get they . rose oh , sweet ! Rose take off the large ring she be wear to replace they by the earring sondra just give she . she sigh . oh , my God . I love this . be not they pretty ? sondra they be so gorgeous , yes . rose try yours on . sondra sondra do not move , feel very embarrassed by the idea of undress in front of she friend . okay . she eventually get up , a start take off the belt from she suit . Rose be put she jacket on . a long silence : sondra look more and more embarrassed . she snicker stupidly . Rose look at she without really understanding what 's go on . rose what now ? sondra , what ? sondra she sit back on the bed . I feel embarrassed . rose why ? sondra ' Cause ... the way you be look at I . rose sondra ... do man look at you like that ? sondra no ... yes ... but it 's different . rose she bend to she . you know , sondra ... it do not have to be any different at all . the phone ring . Rose start laugh . you better get that . sondra she take the phone . hello . oh , h-hi. um ... oh ... she seem embarrassed . Rose be make funny face . um , mmm , okay . she stammer a little . N ... my trainer 's come at 2:30 , but that 's ... yeah . you be ? okay !... she go to the window and move the curtain aside . we see Bob 's car in the street . um , oh , there you be ! okay , okay . I will see you in a minute ! STREET in front of sondra's residence -- bob be car - exterior day Bill drive and hold he car phone on he ear . sondra's voice bye . Bill hang up he car phone . sondra's residence - bedroom - interior day rose she be look at herself in the full - length mirror . who 's that ? sondra that 's my analyst ! he 's come to visit I . rose when she hear sondra 's last reply , Rose 's carefree face become very anxious . he what ? sondra oh , my God . he 's come over . rose sondra , thanks . oh , thanks a lot ! sondra what 's the matter ? what ? rose nothing ! she start gather she belonging . if you do not know , I think we be just go to have a nice afternoon together ... maybe have dinner . sondra she put the telephone back on its stand and take Rose 's arm . well , we can . oh , do not worry . do not be upset . you can stay here . really . rose she close she purse and put it over she shoulder . you just do not understand , do you ? sondra I do not . rose nobody appreciate you the way that I do . people just use you , and you do not even see it . sondra oh , do not be upset . she turn to Rose to look at she face . rose Rose kiss sondra tenderly on the lip . that 's more like it . ciao . she leave the room . sondra seem very disturb by the kiss . she put she hand on she chest . sondra oh , my God . sondra's residence - hall and sitting - room - interior day Rose get quickly down the stair . Chimes . Rose get large sunglass out of she purse and adjust they on she nose before open the front door . she open the door to face Bill whom she almost jostle to get outside as fast as possible . through a low window , we see she go down the stair to the street . larger shot . we discover the sit - room next to the hall . good taste expensive furniture , nice painting , concert piano . sondra get down the stair . Bill , who be look around he , turn to she . bill hi , sondra . someone just let I in . sondra hi. bill I do not just walk in on my own . sondra she close the front door , which have remain open . oh ... no . that be my , um ... that be my girlfriend , bonnie . yeah . bill bonnie . yes . sondra please , come in . bill thank you very much . thank you . he enter the sit - room , follow by sondra . this be a really lovely place you have here . yeah . he sit on a cushion - cover sofa . sondra you think so ? thank you . she sit on a small sofa without back . bill a lot of nice , nice thing . a lot of nice art . sondra she simper a little . what do you come here for ? bill well , I feel like I have so much ... so much catch up to do with all of you . and I know that you be very close with richie . and I be wonder if you could tell I anything that might help I ... understand he a little better . sondra richie 's ... my little baby . bill his brother Dale think that you " little baby " ... should be take out of therapy . sondra that 's insane ! bill he get up . I think it 's a mistake too . he go to the window and look at the child play in a park . sondra that Dale be a dangerous bastard . bill but he obviously seem to care for richie a great deal . there 's a big gap in richie 's life up until about a year ago . do he ever mention a Dr. niedelmeyer to you ? sondra I do not have much to tell . richie 's okay . he 's sweet . do you know that he be ... molest as a child ? she have tear in she eye . bill no , I do not know that . he come back to she . it 's stick out all over . he sit on the bench of the piano . sondra it 's fashionable . she laugh nervously . I mean , it pay well . at least , you know , you can write a book , go on Oprah . bill that be quite a show he give we in group . you think richie have a violent streak ? sondra she sigh . oh. let 's cut to the chase . richie do not kill Bob Moore . you know ... it 's really swell . snoop around here ... she get up . ... sniff for blood on other people 's hand ... while pretend to help you patient ? bill you really think that I do not care about richie ? sondra she get upset . richie would not hurt a fly ! why do not you take a look at someone dangerous . why do not you take a look at someone who could do it ! why do not you take a look at Clark ! bill Clark ? sondra she get more and more upset . Clark ! Clark ! Clark be a sneaky , lie , button - down son of a bitch ... who pretend to be this gentle creature ! I hear he scream one night at Bob . it make the hair on my neck stand up ! anyway ... I hope that they fry ... whoever do it , and it take a really long time . and then ... and then a fuse blow . they have to start all over again . she sit back . Bill have be listen to she outburst without reacting . we hear the front door chime , and sondra 's expression change immediately . her angry face become suddenly softer . she snicker and put she tongue to she lip . wow ! that 's my trainer . she get up and sniff a bit . I gotta go . I gotta get the door . she go to the front door and open it to a very muscular young man wear a sleeveless T-shirt . this be my trainer , Chris . bill hi. Chris just nod he head . bye-bye . Bill get out . as soon as the door be close , sondra literally jump in Chris ' arm , and start giggle . sondra I do not feel like lift weight today . CHRIS okay . sondra let 's do something else . she burst laugh . through the low window , we see Bill go down the stair to the street . he stop for two second to look at the tender couple ! dale' workshop - parking - exterior day Bob 's car stop in front of a slightly dilapidate building , on a desert parking lot . the building could be a old factory reconvert by Dale into a workshop to make he furniture . a very high chimney above the building . Bill , dress in jeans and light - color shirt , get out of the car and walk toward the building . he pass a board that indicate the location of the uoffice . he knock at a door with a window and a grate and a sign that say «beware of the dog» . the dog start bark . Bill knock again . he try to look through the door window . the dog keep on bark . Bill come back the way he come toward the uoffice . he stop in front of a window and bend to try to see something inside . he knock on the window . he turn around , and we catch a quick glimpse of someone behind the window . Bill come back to the parking lot toward a pickup that two man be unload . bill hey ! be this Dale dexter 's shop here ? one of the man nod and show the main door to Bill . dale' workshop - interior day entrance of the workshop . the door open and Bill appear . he take off he sunglass , put they in the pocket of he shirt and get in . the workshop have a very high ceiling and look a bit dilapidate . on the roof of a small structure ( perhaps the quote uoffice ) sit the impressive statue of a lion who give the impression to watch Bill . Bill keep on walk and pass a spray of burn spark . someone must be use a blowtorch in the neighborhood . Bill look around he , look a bit anxious . several man be work . he approach one of they , wear a sleeveless T-shirt , and who be welding , with a protection mask cover he face . bill Excuse I . the man stand up and put down the piece he be welding . he raise he mask : it 's Dale . dale hello . do you go to the house ? bill yeah . nobody be home . I would have phone a ... Dale shut he blowtorch off . I would have phone ahead , but , uh , I do not have you phone number in we file . dale he take off he mask , then he protection glove . no problem . so , uh , do you make up you mind ? bill after Dr. niedelmeyer , do richie get another psychiatrist ? dale no . no , we move . Dale go around a huge , geometrically shape , metallic structure . richie go to school . everything be fine . bill well ... that 's the problem , Dale . I look at richie , and I do not see that everything be fine . I see a kid that 's on the brink . dale he start work on the metallic structure , but stop to look at Bill . a person , uh , get a bullet in the head . sometimes they just leave it there ' cause ... to fuck around in the brain be gonna paralyze the person . that 's richie . bill what 's the bullet ? dale whatever it be , I get he away . he have take protection glass to work . bill you want to talk about that ? dale no . I want you to stop try to tear off the scab . let the demon rest . you dig around in richie 's head , he 's gonna blow up in you face . bill you think he 's violent ? dale not with I . bill I think you be make a mistake , Dale . this be not the time to take richie out of therapy . if you do not like I , let 's get he someone else . dale Jesus Christ . one of you be the same as another . bill yeah . niedelmeyer residence - garden - exterior day Bill get out of he car . he be wear light - color pants , a shirt , and a very elegant leather jacket . he walk up a few step toward the house . he cross the garden , then reach the very impressive main door of the house . above the door , two similar face be carve in the stone . probably Doctor niedelmeyer 's face . a small panel open in the door and edith niedelmeyer 's face appear . bill Mrs. niedelmeyer ? edith yes . bill hi , I be Bill capa . I be a doctor . I track you down through the psychiatric Institute . edith how very enterprise of you . she slam the panel shut . a few second , then she open the door . bill actually , I be wonder if I could speak to Dr. niedelmeyer . edith my husband die last year . if it make you feel better , he suffer a lot . well , anyway , it make I feel better . bill I be treat a young man that be a patient ... of Dr. niedelmeyer 's when he be a child . his name be richie dexter . edith why do not you leave I alone ? bill if I could just ask you a few question . edith you get out of here before I call the police ! she angrily slam the door shut . bill just a few question . Mrs. niedelmeyer ... edith Voice over through the door . get out of here ! Bill sigh , then walk away from the door . the camera move above the door and end up on a close - up of niedelmeyer 's carve face , who seem to sneer at Bill . bob be office - meeting room - interior night night be fall on L.A. Clark , in the foreground , be count book . behind he , richie , Buck and casey be seat , casey in he favorite hand - shape armchair . sondra be stand up . clark fifty-eight . now , if I be not mistaken ... last week there be 59 book on the shelf and this week there be only 58 book on the shelf somehow . buck Clark ... what 's the ashtray situation ? sondra sit down and casey sit in another armchair . clark Three . not four , as recommend . there be three chair and five assort sofa . buck who care ? bill he just come in and be stand by the window . he be wear he glass , jeans , open shirt and a light grey jacket . he turn around to speak to the group . okay , let 's get start . buck finish a sentence the beginning of which be not understandable . ... a emotional tar baby . bill today I would like to focus on a most enlighten ... and challenging topic . sondra she be - a bit lasciviously - sprawle in she armchair . sex . bill more or less . you see , the primary romantic relationship ... in we life be often a symptom of we illness . he have seat himself in the hand - shape armchair . casey glad I wear my rubber pants . Buck snicker . bill we keep make the same neurotic choice over and over every time we choose a new mate . so ... if you have a magic wand ... if you , uh , have a wish list ... and could change you partner ... sondra , how would you make they different ? what 's wrong ? what 's miss ? sondra now ? bill you need a minute to think about it ? clark she 's totally forget she rolodex . casey snicker . sorry , sorry . sondra well , I do not have a attachment in my life right now . the last one sort of go to piece . if you enjoy sex ... a man think you be do it with everybody . bill he be jealous . he get up , walk to a cupboard , open its door and take a cup . sondra that 's right . and I be as good as gold . bill well , there 's a good chance that he be the one that be sleep around ... and project he fantasy and desire onto you . sondra this guy have a major projection , and he could not keep it in he pants . the whole group laugh . Bill smile while pour himself a coffee . sondra anyway , I do have this girlfriend . she really make I laugh . a wish list . I wish ... she be a guy . bill he come back with he cup in he hand . Fair enough . casey , what do you get for we ? casey he be play with a small statue of a monkey who look at a skull .. he wait a few second , and put the statue down before speak . well ... I meet this girl about a month ago . I have paint every inch of she in detail . she 's the best model I have ever see . completely uninhibit . do whatever I ask no matter how ... buck he smile . I will bet she do . casey that 's right , Buck . see , but this be where the problem come in . it 's what you see beneath the skin ... when you study somebody endlessly , the way a artist do . I see a transcendental beauty there ... beyond anything I could ever , ever imagine . bill how do this woman feel about you ? casey she think I be the live end because I have get talent . but , I mean , what 's talent ? kick a garbage can ... starve artist crawl out , right ? but there 's only one , unique she . and , uh , I think it 's love , you know ? and , um ... I do not know what to do about that . he be suddenly move on the verge of tear . bill do you think she love you ? casey no. no. bill do you care , casey ? casey I do not know . I do not know . buck he 's a romantic . he love the suffer . casey maybe be who I be ... I have no choice . bill very good , casey . that 's good stuff . sondra I agree . bill Buck , what do you get ? buck he jump . oh , nothing to talk about , not compare to that . bill it 's not a contest . buck he light a cigarette . hey , yard sale , you want to share the ashtray ? casey put he foot on the ashtray to prevent Buck from use it . thanks a lot . he get up . forget it . you want to share something , share the ashtray . he sit on a small armchair by a glass table with a ashtray on it . I get something in my life , something new . you know , she 's young . auburn hair , 5 '5 " , 105 . pretty as hell . I see she on weekend . he pick up the ashtray and move to sit in a more comfortable armchair . I do not think she would sleep with a man unless she be marry to he . bill he have take he glass off . anything else you would like to tell we ? buck she do not mind the gray , you know . Bill smile . she 's fragile ... you know ? it 's like she 's run through my finger . two people I love die . I never think that I could feel anything . bill good , Buck . richie . how ' bout you ? richie he be play with the statue of the monkey . I do not have , really , relationship . I have m-my brother . bill okay . you want to talk about he ? richie h- he worry a-a lot about I . and he l-love I . but l ... I wish he do not ... love I so m... so much sometimes . I wish l- I have more of a l-life . he put the statue down and get up . and I know that everyone h-here think that I be gay ... but I be - I be not . a- and I do not want to be . richie open the cupboard , take a can of pepsi and open it . bill what would you like to be ? richie I would like t-to be a w-woman . bill have you see a doctor ? richie yeah . buck so the next step be the chop . bill he cut he very curtly . thank you , Buck . anything else you would like to tell we , richie ? richie nope . bill very good . hi , Clark . what would you change about you partner ? clark he be manicure with he handkerchief . um , I think I will pass ... today . sondra Excuse I . you think you be gonna pass today ? do not you think that 's kind of a betrayal to the rest of the group ? I mean , we be all sit here share we most intimate thought ... and you be just gonna pass today ? clark well , sondra , I have my little problem ... but I do not s- see how it 's you business ... sondra you " little problem " ? clark to decide when I be gonna share in group and not . sondra ah , I see . you be smile . be that a smile ? you think this be funny ? she get up from she armchair . look at you . just look at you . look at you hair . Buck snicker . who do you think you be ? huh ? you think you be God 's gift to woman ? let I tell you something . you be nothing . nothing but a shallow , rigid ... self - protective , anal coward ! and I will tell you what you little fuck problem be ... clark he get up , look angry . oh , shut up ! shut up , shut up ! you promiscuous cunt ! and if you must know , I do have somebody in my life ! Black , emotional hole , unattractive I ! he walk nervously to the door . sondra remain stand , look a bit embarrassed . buck he snicker . you can say that again ! clark he slam furiously the door . fuck you ! fuck all of you ! casey be this what you call " treatment failure " ? Buck snicker . bill well , it 's not a total loss . he leave without count everything . he put down the file he be hold in he hand . clark residence - STREET in front of the house - exterior day a quiet little street , surround by house a building of good stand . Children in roller skate be play hockey on the pavement . child come on !... hey , right here !... hit it ! Bob 's car arrive in the street . the child move away to let it pass . while Bill be parking the car , we hear , in voice over , the beginning of the conversation between Bill and Clark . Bill be wear a light - color shirt and beige pants . clark Voice over . so pretty soon the relevant number be not enough . I have to know all the irrelevant number ... like the number of page in each deposition . clark residence - sitting room - interior day wall be white , furniture modern , but with good taste . everything be meticulously clean and tidy . Bill sit in a armchair . Clark be stand by the window . bill so you be fire . clark he take off he sunglass and get regular glass from he shirt pocket . he be wear disposable glove . yes . in effect . obsessive - compulsive . Medical leave . he put he glass on . " just please , please do not come back . " he sit down and sigh . I do apologize for my outburst in group . bill you be screwing sondra ... be not you ? clark he put he sunglass in he shirt pocket , get back up and start walk in the room . I be very fond of sondra . more than that , perhaps . sondra be ... a very warmhearted woman , but ... while talk , he spray a liquid from a can on he plant . tissue . panty hose . CD put back in the rack without case . frying pan with coagulate grease . cotton ball . cotton ball . I mean , my God , the cotton ball that woman use . unspeakable item of underwear leave hang in the shower . chew gum in the ashtray . I make a list . there be 22 item I could not take . bill it must be difficult to find someone ... to measure up to you keen sense of order . clark I find someone . this woman think I be messy . it 's perfect . she come , she go . I do not even know she 's be except for the faint smell of perfume . bill Bill sneer . Nice . and what do sondra think of this woman ? clark take a look at this . he go to a closet , from which he get a paper bag . from the bag he take out a tatter piece of clothing . sondra try to do this to my clothes ... while I be wear they ; butcher knife in hand , scream . the next day she come back , do this to my friend 's dress . I be terrify to go near the woman . freeway , then road - exterior day Cars on the freeway . among they Bob 's car . the car phone be ringing . Bill pick up the phone , while he keep on drive . he be wear sunglass . bill hello ?... hello , this be Bill capa . the voice in the phone giggly voice sounding like a child 's voice . hey , puke-face . look around . can not you see I ? I be in the red car . Bill look around he on the freeway , and see a red car on he right . you get doo- doo in you eye ... or caca on the brain , Dr. shithead capa . strange sounding giggle . bill do you mommy know you escape from the straightjacket ? the voice in the phone suck my tinkertoy , you faggot cretin ... after you suck my scalpel , Doctor . Bill put the phone down and speed the car up to avoid the red car which be still follow he . the red car catch up with he and bump into he . Bill jump up . bill goddamn it ! the red car bump into he a second time , and loose part of its radiator grill . third bump . Bill be now out of the freeway and on a road downtown . the two vehicle be zigzagge between the other car . lot of honk . without warning , Bill turn on a side street on he right , and get honk by the other car . in spite of the very dangerous drive of Bill among the other car , the red car keep on follow he . to follow Bill , the red car must take a vey sharp leave turn , and bump into a pickup truck full of kit and gear which fall on the pavement . the chase go on . the red car be dent everywhere . it catch up with Bill , overtake he , and bump violently into Bill 's car right side . bill fuck you ! the red car hit he on the right side twice in a row . fuck you ! Bill hit the red car on its leave side and remain stick to it . they move together , and Bill try to bring the red car as close to the curb as possible . get the ... you ... ohh ! get the fuck ... the red car be so close to the curb that it snatch away the open door of a park car , and then knock down the shopping caddie of a woman . fortunately , the woman be able to move away , but all she shopping item be scattered on the pavement . the two car bump again into each other and arrive into a main road . when the red car want to hit Bill 's car again , Bill stand on the brake and the red car hit a big truck carry car . the truck honk and start zigzagge in the traffic . the last car on the upper bridge of the truck get loose and fall on the road . Bill barely avoid it . another car get loose from the truck and cause a pile - up on the road . Bill zigzag out of the pile - up , and come to a crossing with a railway . a train be approach . the red car be still behind Bill . Bill brake suddenly just after he have cross the railway , then start move backwards . he hit the front of the red car , and keep on move backwards until he bring the red car on the railway itself . the train keep on honk to move the car away . hey ! you wanna die ! huh ? you wanna die ? we see the driver of the train work madly on he brake , and look to the red car with terror in he eye . just before the train reach the crossing , Bill jump he car forward and the red car quickly move backward . Bill stop a few foot after the crossing to get he breath back . we see the train move behind he . mexican bar - exterior night a mexican bar , where hector be a regular . the first shot show two hand play the harp . then we get a larger shot and we see hector and Bill talk together . Bill be carry he jacket on he arm , and hector be wear he necktie very loose . there be quite a crowd in the bar , some people dance , other drink and some be seat to eat . electric line with color bulb be hang in the tree . in the back , the orchestra keep on play . hector I tell you to stay the fuck out of it ... hey ! he kiss a pass mexican woman . ? como esta ? gracias . bill I almost kill somebody out there . I mean , I have that car wedge right on the railroad track . Christ , man . it 's a spooky feel . hector like mainline adrenalin , huh ? the rush be really something , huh ? see ? you be my kind of guy ! he take he by the shoulder . they walk out of the field , and we see kid hit a puppet hang from a tree with a bat . the puppet be dress in a cop 's costume ! hector and Bill come to the buffet table . hector he get a notebook from he pocket . you want to hear what I find out about you famous Monday group ? bill yeah , sure . can stand a little more pain . he take a plate and start help himself at the buffet . hector he take a tray and start read . a woman be serve he from the buffet . well , Clark 's wife divorced he ... after he put she in intensive care . bill what would she do ? spill some wine on the rug ? hector then sondra , she stab she father with a knife ... and a fork . she must have be have dinner . one of she husband die of unnatural cause . bill probably lose some body fluid . hector and that , that kid richie . that richie 's be bust for drug ... and casey hate he father so much ... he set the house on fire . so what do you think of that ? bill I think it 's good . they should learn to assert themselves . a very bright light , come from above , suddenly shine on the bar . hector and Bill raise they head . we hear the engine of a helicopter and a voice come from a loudspeaker . the voice hey , the house be surround . come out with you hand up and you leg spread ! hector what the hell be this ? we see the helicopter and its powerful floodlight . the voice happy birthday , hector ! hey , martinez , come on out ! we get something for you ! we get a better view of the helicopter . the word upolice be write on its fuselage . two uniform cop be stand on the right skid . one have a megaphone . voice of the cop martinez , happy birthday , man !... happy birthday ! the crowd start sing , accompany by the mexican orchestra . the crowd for he 's a jolly good fellow ! for he 's a jolly good fellow ! which nobody can deny ! which nobody can deny ! Bill and hector come in front of the crowd , and look up . for he 's a jolly good fellow ! for he 's a jolly good ... ! people yell and whistle . one of the cop stand on the right skid be a woman . she get she pants down and show she buttock to the crowd . another cop , on the other skid , have another megaphone . people scream when they see the female cop 's buttock . bill if I have know it be you birthday , I would have come by tomorrow . hector I too . the helicopter fly away . large shot on the orchestra sing . orchestra estas son las mananitas . que cantaba el rey David . in a corner of the bar , Bill and hector be eat quietly . Thunder rumble and the first drop of rain start fall . the two man get up to find a shelter . hector oy. oigan , ivengan a buscar el cake ! better get you cake . ivengan a buscar el cake ! people stop dance and run to find a shelter . a man everybody inside ! bill how come you do not mention Buck ? hector there be not anything on he . buck' residence - STREET in front of house - exterior night it 's raining . Bill drive with light on and roof close . on the side of the car , we can see the dent from the chase with the red car . Bill stop in front of a big vehicle . he switch off the car light , get out of the car , and pull the collar of he jacket up . he stop near a car park in front of Buck 's house . he go round the vehicle . there be a bullet hole in the windshield . Bill touch the bullet hole . he then walk toward the house , and stop in front of the open garage door . Inside be a red car . Bill enter the garage to have a better look at the car . when he get up after inspect the car , we see Buck stand behind he . Bill turn around . Buck have a gun in he hand . buck you catch I at a bad time . bill can we get in out of the rain ? slowly Buck start walk toward the inside of the house . Bill start walk too in front of Buck . they enter the house . buck' residence - sitting room - interior night they get inside the house , which be light only by the street light and a unique lamp above the desk . typical bachelor 's place . very messy . the furniture be simple and practical . we hear the storm rumbling in the distance . buck have a seat . Buck get into the bathroom , the door of which be wide open , and grab a towel . he dry himself and throw the towel to Bill . Bill sit down . Buck sit down on a armchair cover with a tartan rug . Bill dry he face . he look at the gun , still in Buck 's hand . bill I do not like gun . Buck shove angrily the gun between the armrest and the cushion of he seat . he lie back in he armchair which rock a little . Bill take he jacket off . a lightning flood the room with a very bright light . Buck put he hand on he face . he moan . buck oh , shit ! bill be it raining like this that night ? buck yeah . we be drivin ' ... I , my wife , my daughter . this guy come out wavin ' , " stop ! " so I slow down . my wife say , " no , not here , Buck . it 's a bad neighborhood . besides , the baby 's asleep in the back . " and I say , " bad neighborhood , nothing . " so I stop . never even make it to the other car . I could hear the shot be fire , but my eye would not open . l... another lightning . Buck put he hand on he head . oh , man ! the rain bring I around . this heavy , heavy rain . and I be on the sidewalk , and I crawl over ... and pull my way up and ... there be two lateral shot ... to the head for my wife ... and a single shot through the heart for my daughter . oh , Jesus , God ! oh , Jesus . they get , uh ... they get $ 31 . the rain nail I every time , man . bill do they ever find out who do it ? buck no . I think it be some kind of payback for something . but that 's a long story . bob' residence - garage - exterior night the rain have stop , but the ground be still wet . the garage door open slowly and Bob 's car enter the garage . the roof be still close . Bill be on the phone . MAIN police station - interior night a telephone ring in a empty office , separate by a glass partition from the corridor . the door be open and Anderson come run in , with a ready - cook dish in he hand . he pick up the phone . anderson Officer Anderson . what can I do for you ? bill voice it 's Dr. Bill capa . remember I ? low - angle shot of the office , show the high ceiling , with a vintage decoration , contrast with the modern and functional furniture . anderson oh , yeah , yeah . the Bob Moore murder case . bob' residence - inside car - exterior night the car have stop but Bill still hold the phone . bill I need to talk to you . MAIN police station - interior night same low - angle shot . anderson I hope you be a early riser . I get off at 6:00 . bob' residence - inside car - exterior night bill okay . he put the phone down , get he car key and he jacket , and leave the car . bob' residence - garden - exterior night Bill get out of the car and seem very intrigue by the fact that the keyhole - shape door be open . he shut he car door , and walk quietly toward the house . he look around he in the garden , seem more and more anxious . finally , he enter the house . bob' residence - corridor - interior night still anxious , Bill walk along the corridor . bob' residence - kitchen - interior night Bill enter the kitchen . a lot of cooking ingredient scattered on the table . a noise make Bill turn around . Rose , who be kneel behind the table , stand up . she smile when she see Bill . rose hey . she snicker . the only piece of clothing she be wear be a hotel room -maid white apron . busy day ? can I get you something ? Bill do not react at all . he look shocked . no ? okay . she cross the room to get something in a drawer , show she naked buttock . all of a sudden , she seem to remember she be naked and put the two square fireproof cloth she be hold on she buttock . oh ! I forget about that ! she laugh then come back to the stove , where she move a dish . Bill 's face still look very shocked . bill how do you get in here ? rose last time I be here , I steal the key . it be by the door . bill what about the alarm ? rose oh ! I never think about that . bill it do not go off ? rose no . um , do I make a mistake ? you have someone in the car ? bill no , goddamn it , there be not someone in the car ! people be get kill around here ! you walk around like it 's goddamn disneyland ! what if something be to happen to you ? rose she seem not to understand Bill 's anger . I just think that it would be a nice surprise , that 's all . you do not look too happy to see I . bill he wait a few second before he cool down . this be my happiness mode . I be sorry . rose she be cry . Bill come to she and take she in he arm . I be sorry . bill I be sorry . baby , I be sorry . this be a very nice surprise . he give a quick look at she naked body . she laugh . really nice . I be sorry . they kiss . rose I will never take a risk like that again . bill why do not you take the biggest risk of all and give I ... you phone number . rose she laugh and go away from he and back to she cooking . Christ , capa ! I can not have people tie up the phone line . I be try to run a business here . bob' residence - dine room - interior night Bill , with he shirt completely open , eat spaghettis in front of a light candle . Rose also eat spaghettis , still dress only in she white apron . Bill drink from a glass of white wine . Rose bite into a asparagus in a slightly erotic way . under the glass table , we can see Bill 's naked foot stroking Rose 's foot . with she other foot , Rose move Bill 's pants up . Rose slide down on she chair , so Bill can reach she foot with he hand . then Rose slide completely out of she chair and under the table . bob' residence - bathroom - interior night a toy remote- control tank be move on Rose 's naked leg . the shot get larger and we discover that Rose be in a bathtub full of foam water . bill Voice over . General patton come out of the foothills . the tank move on Rose 's pubis , then on she stomach . oh , he 's in the swamp . oh , oh , he 's in the deep abyss . the tank skid on Rose 's naked skin and do not succeed in climb on she breast . we then see she be lie on she back on Bill 's naked body , who be also lie on this back in the bathtub . ooh ! ooh ! and now ... oh , he 's have a problem . he 's up in the swiss alp , lady and gentleman . they both laugh . we see Bill 's hand hold the remote control . Fire one . Fire ... oh !... a direct hit ! the tank skid into the water and stop . rose Voice ironically disappointed . oh. bill oh , we , we tank fleet be crippled . rose yeah ? bill it 's goin ' away . rose she turn around and we guess she be grab Bill 's penis under water . how 's the submarine fleet ? bill hey , hey , hey , hey , please , please . I gotta get some sleep . rose they kiss . oh , you be chicken . bill I gotta be up ... rose you be chicken . bill I gotta be up at 6:00 in the morning . rose she turn around to kiss he . you be chicken , chicken . los angele central market - market build - exterior day track shot down a high glass building until it reach the entrance of the '' Grand Central market» . we hear Anderson and Bill in voice over . anderson nobody tell I Buck be one of you patient . bill " nobody , " like martinez ? anderson right . bill that 's the same " nobody " who do not tell I Buck be a cop . the camera be now on street level and we see Bill and Anderson crossing the street towards the main gate of the market . they pass a truck deliver fresh meat . anderson Fucking martinez . that 's a can of worm you do not want to mess with . bill what about Buck ? they enter the market . los angele central market - inside the market - interior day anderson hey , look , you gotta promise ... if I tell you what I know about this shit , it stay between I and you . and you never hear it from I , okay ? they walk in the market alleyway . Anderson stop near a stall , and start talk to a stall - holder we do not see . two , angelo . bill why ? anderson why ? two uniform cop be walk between the stall . Anderson raise he voice to they . because cop be vindictive son of bitch . right , Alex ? he throw a chicory to a cop , who catch it . alex right . anderson the cop be go away . Anderson lower he voice . Fucking asshole . I do not want to spend the rest of my career get piss on from above , okay ? bill okay . anderson he laugh nervously . martinez be nailin' Buck 's wife . bill Holy shit . anderson yeah . both this guy be in narcotic . and that guy usually stick together like shit on a shirt ... so who know how long it 's be go on . anyway , one day , it come out . in the station , they have this big fight in front of everybody . Anderson take two little wrap package from the unseen stall - holder and give one to Bill . two day later , Buck 's wife get blow away . bill he follow Anderson between the stall . Jesus Christ ! be there a investigation ? anderson of course there be a investigation . martinez be a suspect . Buck be a suspect . I mean nobody figure Buck forgive she . for a while , half the station be a suspect . bill what do you think ? anderson I think Buck and martinez have a lot of enemy on the street . this be just payback for both of them . they have come to a fishmonger stall . the fishmonger wrap a fish for Anderson . casey' loft - interior day casey be lie on a exercise bench and lift weight with a pulley and cable device . the phone ring . casey do not move . casey' voice on the answering machine hi , this be casey . can not get to the phone right now , but please leave a message . a beep , then Bill 's voice . bill be voice on the answering machine casey , it 's Bill capa . I get you message and , sure , I can make it today . be you there ? a hand appear hold a leather collar , which the hand wrap around casey 's neck . casey hey !... what ... what the hell be you do here ? bill be voice on the answering machine hello ? listen , casey , y- you sound a little upset . just hang in there , okay ? casey let I get this , huh ? no ? bill be voice on the answering machine I will be by this morning . so I will see you in 30 . casey well , you think you can do it in 30 ? he snicker while the hand tighten the collar around he neck . casey' loft - parking in front of the build - exterior day Bob 's car stop in front of the building . Bill , wear sunglass , get out of the car and walk toward a three - story , impressive but a bit dilapidate , brick building . evidently , it be a old workshop change into a artist 's loft . we can still read '' nate starkman &amp ; son» on the front of the building . Bill come to a large metallic door and press on a intercom button . no answer . he try again . he raise he head to the above window . no one . he walk a few step back to get a better view of the building . bill he yell . casey ! casey' loft - interior day casey be still lie on he exercise bench . both he hand be tie to the weight - lift device , and he mouth be gag . he groan through the gag . casey' loft - parking - exterior day bill he put he hand around he mouth to make he voice louder . casey ! he come back to the door and press the intercom button several time . he raise he eye and notice a fold fire - exit ladder . he test the strength of the fold gate pull in front of one of the door . it seem strong enough for he to climb it . he reach the ladder , which he bring down . casey' loft - roof of the build - exterior day Bill be now on the roof of the building . he jump down in a sort of yard , in which be scattered various object : plant , modern furniture and a full - size very realistic plastic sculpture of a cow . Bill remain crouch a few second , pat the cow 's snout , stand up and walk towards a glass wall locate on one side of the yard . he notice he be above casey 's workshop . he walk along the glass wall to a close window , from which smoke be come out . bill oh , Jesus Christ . Bill succeed in force the window open . a big cloud of smoke get out of it . casey ! hey ! he walk through the open window . casey ! casey' loft - interior day Bill walk on the upper gallery , cough with the smoke . he take off he sunglass . down he see flame around the mantlepiece . he get very quickly down the step to ground level . he go to the mantlepiece . what look like piece of paper be burn on the floor around the mantlepiece . he first try to put the flame out with he foot , then he take a small shovel and shovel the flame papers back into the mantlepiece . a curtain suddenly open on the glass wall above the workshop , flooding the room with bright light . Bill walk to the center of the room , and notice that painting have be lacerate . on each one , it be the face of a red-hair woman which have be take away . Bill run back to the mantlepiece , where he pick up a piece of what he first think be a piece of paper , but which be actually a piece of canvas from the painting . on the half - burn piece of canvas , the face of a woman , who be heavily make up but look slightly like Rose . he put the piece of canvas down , and notice a slimy liquid on the floor . he turn around to try to find out more about this slimy liquid . he pull a rope and the painting , hook on a horizontal cable line , start move toward he . behind the painting , hook on the same cable , come casey 's body , hang upside down . he look dead and sill have the gag on this mouth . the half - naked body be cover with graffitis . the slimy liquid on the floor be casey 's blood . bill ow ! ow ! ow ! shit ! suddenly the blood , which be grey see through Bill 's eye , turn red . a road - exterior night sondra 's car . sondra be drive . Rose be on the passenger seat , with she bonnie 's hairdo and make -up . the car radio be play a song . rose I love this song . sondra I know . honk . two thirty - year old man , in a open convertible red car . the red car passenger you girl want to go dance ? the red car driver yeah . we be go to a party . sondra hi ! hi !... Rose bend over sondra and kiss she tenderly . the red car passenger well , pardon I ! the two man look disappointed . they car speed up and go away . the two woman start laugh . Rose stand up through the open roof of the car . she wave to the pass car . she then sit down and move tenderly very close to sondra . sondra what be you do ? Rose take sondra 's hand and guide it under she skirt toward she crotch . wha ... no ! sondra burst laugh and take she hand away . Rose keep on cuddle sondra who try to concentrate on she drive . do not ! do not ! sondra's residence - bedroom - interior night Music from precede scene have go on without interruption . the two girl be dance in front of the mirror . sondra be wear a tight -fitting black dress and Rose a skirt and a short top which show she belly . song word out all night Lady do . when nobody else would . Lady do and she do it real good . once be not enough . sondra ah ! rose sondra , go ! song word tell I , Katie what would you mama say . sondra oh , I be gonna go change the music . while sondra move away to change the music , Rose go to the window . in the house across the street , she see a couple kissing . the music stop . rose sondra , come here . oh , come here . my God ! sondra she come near Rose . oh , my God ! rose this be you neighbor ! sondra they do this all the time . sondra oh , wait . watch , watch ! no ! rose she bend down under the window sill and get sondra down too . they be gonna see you ! they get up and keep on watch . sondra oh , I do not believe it ! rose oh , this be the part ! this be the part ! sondra oh , my gosh ! rose oh ! sondra believe I , they can fuck . they laugh . oh , I can not watch this anymore . I do not see anything . rose oh , sondra , go . I love this song . sondra yeah . the two girl start cuddle each other . sondra stroke Rose 's naked stomach , then she face . Close - up on the mirror , which show the fire in the mantelpiece , between the girl leg . rose sondra , through the window ! look ! look ! the camera remain on the mirror , which show the two girl climb on the bed to get a better look . sondra oh , what be they do now ? rose I can not tell . sondra be they gonna do it ? no ! we see the couple in the house across the street . she be only wear panty and she breast be naked . he be only wear he trunk . they flirt on the couch . rose my God ! it 's gonna happen right now . back to the mirror shot . the two girl , still stand up , be slapping each other buttock . Rose raise sondra 's dress . sondra ow ! rose oh , I be sorry . I be sorry . she sit on the bed and pick up a champagne glass . oh , champagne . sondra come and sit next to she . Rose give she she glass . sondra drink . sondra mmm . sondra give the glass back to Rose , who put it on a furniture . the two face come very close , and the two girl start exchange tender little kiss . then Rose move sondra 's dress down and take she own top off , show she breast . sondra seem very move by what she see . she stroke Rose 's face . they lip be get very close . we see sondra 's hand go down Rose 's back , and slip under the top of she skirt , show she buttock . we see the tattooe rise . rose she move she face away from sondra . no , no , sondra . I can not . I can not . sondra why ? it 's wonderful . rose sondra , I be a jinx . sondra no . we can cancel each other out . rose she sob a little . no . I be not who you think I be . oh , God , I be in love with somebody and it 's all fall apart . I be sorry . sondra look , the sky be not fall down . rose yes , it be . sondra no . let 's get that silly thing off you head . there . I love you brown hair . she stroke she hair . bob' residence - interior day Bill sleep on a leather couch , dress with a western - style shirt and jeans . there be a gun on the low table near he head . we hear a buzz . Bill wake up , get up and look at the security tv set . he take the remote control to change the camera . bill who be it ? after two unsuccessful picture , Rose appear on the screen . she be wear very short pants , a flower blouse knotted under she breast and a small backpack . rose's voice I be back . Bill open the gate and look through the window at Rose crossing the garden . bill here she come . wearing a backpack on she back ... make she look even young than she be . Rose enter the room , put she backpack down and fall in Bill 's arm . she fall into he arm . and they kiss . they kiss . rose oh , God . I be so glad that you be here . I do not know if you would be in . bill I do not have to be anywhere until this evening . rose yeah ? she open she blouse . she do not wear a bra and she nipple appear . so , what color be my nipple ? they both laugh . she cover and uncover she nipple . they kiss tenderly . rose oh , God . to be normal like this all the time . bill oh , God , this be better than normal . this be much better than normal . it 's just drive I crazy , that 's all . I mean , I do not really know you ... who you be ... what you do ... if you be safe , when you be come by . you have all the power . I just sit around here and wait for you . rose she cry . you do ? bill yeah . I mean , other thing happen , but ... in the " what I wait for " department , you be it . rose oh , my . time have elapse . they be now seat next to each other . Bill be bare - chest and Rose be wear one of Bill 's denim shirt . they look at a photo album . Rose put she finger on the picture and Bill tell she who it be . bill Bob 's wife . my ex-wife . rose she 's pretty . bill pretty fuck up . Rose flip the page . a picture of Bob . oh , God . I forget that he 's dead . she kiss he tenderly to comfort he . rose she flip the page . he look so young here . God , how long ago be this take ? bill ten year ago . rose really ? do you have anything more recent ? bill maybe . hold on . he get up and go to the shelf . he start look for another album . I do not know why he keep this hide back here except maybe ... because it have a picture of he wife naked , which lead I to believe that ... the relationship be not as dead as they be pretend . he sit back next to Rose , and start look at the new album . I do not know who this people be . rose she seem very worried all of a sudden . no . it 's morbid . I do not want to see anymore . let 's go outside . let 's pretend it 's Sunday . yeah ? you wanna ? Bill look at she , a bit disconcert by she unexpected reaction . bob' residence - garden - exterior day we hear the bird chirp . by the poolside , Bill be lie on he back on a mattress . he be wear sunglass , and be naked except for a white towel spread on he pelvis . Rose be lie on she stomach , head to foot with Bill . she be naked but be wear one thick woolen sock on one foot . bill one of my patient be kill last night . he be murder . rose she seem very disturb by the news . what ? bill the painter . casey . rose she have tear in she eye . be you there ? bill a little bit after . rose what do you see ? bill you do not want to know . he take off he sunglass and start get up , cover he crotch with the towel . about a half hour before group . I be gonna get a shower . you gonna be okay out here ? rose yeah . bob' residence - bathroom - interior day Bill enter the bathroom and turn the shower faucet on . then he get out of the room . bob' residence - dressing room - interior day Bill take a pair of jeans in the closet and put it on , without underwear . bob' residence - sitting room - interior day Rose have dress up . she enter the room and go directly to the shelf where the photo album be hide . she get it and start turn the page . bob' residence - upper gallery - interior day Bill come out of the dress room , and into a gallery above the sit room . he see Rose look through the album , take a picture out of the album and then put the album back where it be . he hide behind a wall for she not to see he . she be look inside a photo - lab envelope . Bill come out of he hide . bill Rose . rose she jump . oh ! oh ! she drop the envelope , pick up she backpack and run out of the room . bill Rose ! Rose ! bob' residence - garden - exterior day Rose run to the keyhole - shape door . the gate open and Rose run out . bob' residence - sitting room - interior day Bill run down the stair from the upper gallery . he be bare chest with he shirt in he hand . bob' residence - road in front of the house - exterior day Rose get out of the residence and run to she car , a small orv . she climb in and start very fast . Bill get out of the house . bill he jump into he car without open the door . Rose ! Jesus ! Bob 's car get 's out of the residence . MAIN road , then CITY street - exterior day we see Bill drive he car . he chase Rose , whom we then see in she car . tire screech with the high speed drive . Bill come closer to Rose and try to memorize she license plate number . bill 2 asb ... 185 ... the chase go on . Rose drive very recklessly , Bill too . he drive through the cross road without slow down . a man , who be seat on a low wall , have to climb on it to avoid Bill 's car , which be drive on the sidewalk . Bill stop near he . we hear the voice of a angry woman . voice of the angry woman oh ! stupid , crazy bastard ! they will give anybody a license ! bob be office - meeting room - interior night outside , night have fall and it be raining . clark he be very smartly dress , and even wear a bow tie . he count the book on the shelf . five and six be 31 . Seven , seven , that make 45 . and that will remain 45 , and every single time you count it , it will be 45 , no matter what . and then this be five , and that make 50 . and nine be 59 . now that 's odd . that 's really odd . now there 's 59 again . bill he have just come into the room . what ? clark well , last week ... there be 58 book on the bookshelf where there be always ... and I mean always , 59 book , and this week there be 59 again , so I do not ... bill he turn toward sondra . which one , sondra ? sondra she be very smartly dress too , in a white suit with black collar . she sigh . I do not read any of it . really . I feel so bad when I get it home . I could not help myself . bill he move rapidly to the shelf . which one , sondra ? sondra it ... the Van gogh . but I do not read any of it . honestly , I promise ! Bill take the book and move away from the shelf . sondra sign menacingly to Clark . clark what do I do ? Bill have seat himself , and he look through the book . sondra try to read above he shoulder . Close - up of the book . it be Bob 's diary . Close - up on one paragraph . we hear Bob 's voice read the paragraph . bob' voice I be right about the threat from the Monday group . this cycle of pain . yesterday 's victim become tomorrow 's monster . today 's the day . Buck enter the room . bill hi. Buck start close the door , but richie come in . buck hi , Bill . bill hi , Buck . Buck sit down . casey , uh ... be not gonna be join we tonight , so I think we should get start . buck that 's typical . Thunder rumble . Buck put he hand on he head . richie look at he . oh , shit ! clark Buck , be you all right ? buck it 's none of you fuck business . sondra you know , I can not stand this argue . really . clark I would like to start , if I may . I would like to apologize to the group and sondra . while he be talk , Bill keep on look through he friend 's diary . a photo be stick between two page . it be a photo of Rose naked . everything that you say last week in group be right , and that 's why I lose my temper . uh , the young lady that I mention last week ... that relationship have be terminate . no reason and no hope . she just , just call ... and tell I , and that 's it . bill he read what be write on the back of the photo . " the sociopath , lack the restraint that ... hold a normal character together , can become anything . amorality frees she to be universally perfect . a charming chameleon with a scorpion 's tail . " do any of you recognize ... recognize this woman ? he give the photo to sondra . sondra she laugh and bring the picture to she chest . oh , my God ! oh ! this be my girlfriend . this be bonnie . buck he tear the picture away from she hand . give I that ! he look at the picture and turn to she . this you bonnie ? this be you bonnie ? yeah ? sondra yeah . yeah . buck the one you have be boring the live shit out of we with ? this be the one that 's save you from yourself ? you shopping mall hag ? sondra shut up . buck the one that make you smile ? sondra shut up ! buck the one that you wish be a man ? sondra what be you get at , Buck ? buck that bonnie ? be that it ? sondra that 's right , that 's it . that 's right , that 's right . buck sondra ... this be my bonnie . sondra she burst laugh , but she have tear in she eye . you be lie . you be lie . you be lie . you be lie ! I do not believe you ! Bill look intensely at she . sondra have start sobbing . clark he tear the picture away from Buck 's hand . let I see that . buck he put he head in he hand . fuckin ' a ! clark he look at the picture . well , yes , of course . this be the woman that I have be talk about . this be my bonnie . Buck tear the picture away from he hand . goddamn it , Buck ! do not do that ! do not do that ! buck hey , hey , hey ! they be ready to fight . sondra come between they . the three of they be talk together . sondra you be lie to I ! why be you lie to I ? clark stop act like a ... like a emotional child ! buck goddamn tar baby ! sondra you be make it up ! you be make it up ! clark nobody 's make anything up ... and stop it , stop it , stop it ! during this heat verbal exchange , richie have pick the fall picture from the floor . sondra stop it ! clark quit it ! you be crumpling the picture up ! I want you to stop show off ! you be a little brat ! buck fuck it ! you have the emotion of a styrofoam cup ! we see richie put the picture away and leave hurriedly . clark you calm down , and you stop ... sondra where 's the picture ? lightn , thunder , and the picture appear close - up in a hand . it be hector 's hand , who look at they all , sneering . hector how in the name of God ... could all of you be go out with the same woman and not know ? not have a clue ? include you , Mr. psycho-fuck - analyst ? not to mention Bob Moore ... who probably take this amazing picture himself in front of he expensive painting . I be gonna call the guinness Book of World record ... because I think this woman deserve credit . and I be gonna make sure that all of you name be include ... so you can all share in the glory . bill well , you should know something about share , huh , hector ? I mean , you and Buck must have share some very tender moment ... discuss he wife . huh ? why do not you tell I the truth ? hector what truth be that ? bill why do not you tell I Buck be a cop ... not to mention a suspect in a murder case ? not to mention you , goddamn it . hector because ... I be not you patient , and I do not have to tell you shit ! bill he jump on hector . buck try to take they apart . that 's right , you do not have to tell I shit ! fuckin ' tell I anything , do you ? why will not somebody tell I some fuck truth ? buck he have succeed in take they apart . get the fuck out of here ! bill one fuckin ' thing ! can you do that , Buck ? hector you really know how to pick you woman , you know that ? bill I know you can not ... you lyin ' sack of shit ! he want to jump again on hector . Buck hold he back . you can not fuckin ' do it ! buck listen . after my wife die , I want to slaughter this cock -sucker ! sondra do not ! no more ! buck but I realize we both love she . it become a , sort of a bond between we . be not that right , hector ? be not it ? hector ! Jesus God ! I never get the chance to forgive she . so I forgive he instead . hector all right ! so much for the famous fuck Monday group ! now we have a suspect with a tattoo on she ass and no address . now the cop need you help . what about the car ? anybody around here write down the license plate number ? buck " the license plate number " ? sondra we do not even ... hector huh ? Bill look at hector , but say nothing . sondra well , I do not think to - to - to write it down . palace HOTEL - hall - interior day revolving door of the entrance of the hotel . people be come incessantly in and out . among they we see Bill come in . the follow dialogue be in voice over on the shot of the revolve door . HOTEL attendant hey , welcome back to L.A. , miss Brown . HOTEL female guest thanks . put my bag in my room . bill Dr. ashland from New York with the psychiatric convention . HOTEL attendant Dr. ashland ? in the health club . HOTEL FITNESS CENTER - interior day Larry , dress in tracksuit , be work with one of the fitness device . Bill be stand in front of he . bill I do not think she be a sociopath . larry well , then how about something simple and snappy like a multiple personality disorder ? you have fall into a trap . you be not well . she be not well . and to you , iit feel like a bond . he get up and start walk in the room . Bill follow he . bill she 's be act this thing out as if ... it 's the only way for she to have a life . larry or life . HOTEL swimming pool - interior day Larry be sit in a whirlpool . hot water be bubbling all around he . Bill be seat by the pool side . larry you really want to go on see she , do you ? bill yes , I want to see she . larry in a , a nonprofessional sense ? bill in every sense . larry I do not have you magical tuning fork . all I know be that two people be dead ... and she seem a excellent suspect . Bill , salmon swim upstream to mate and die . and so do man . bill be that what I be do ? a STREET near the MAIN police station - exterior day Anderson be walk in the street , a coffee paper cup in he hand . he be wear suit and sunglass , but also a very flashy necktie . Bill dress in open shirt and sunglass , walk toward he . bill Anderson ! I need you help with something . anderson hey , man , how ya doin ' ? they start walk together in the street . bill I be sit in a restaurant last night , and I be look out the window ... watch this woman try to back out of a space right in front of mine . anderson a beautiful woman ? bill stun . anyway , the next thing I know , she bust out the headlight on my car . anderson uh-oh . drive away , right ? bill I do not even think she know what she do . anderson but you would like to meet she ? Bill answer with a silly smile . all right , um , I will see what I can do . you get the license number ? bill he get a piece of paper out of he shirt pocket and give it to Anderson . yeah . thanks , man . all right . thanks . anderson sure . the two man split up . Anderson walk into the police office . street , then parking build in l.a . - exterior day Bob 's car , still dent all over , start , with open roof , and Bill drive . he be wear sunglass . as the car pass a crossroad , we see , come on its right , the ure car» , also dent all over . it start follow Bill . Bill park he car on a parking lot , at the bottom of a parking building . the red car climb to the roof of the building . Bill cut the ignition off , take he key and get out of the car . he start walk along the building , the red car follow he from the roof . the red car stop behind a car park on the edge of the roof , then start push the car . the car break the guardrail and fall down to the ground . Bill raise he head , see the car come down , jump away and fall flat on the ground , just avoid the fall car , which crash on two other park car . we see the front of the red car appear behind the break guardrail . Bill bang he fist on the ground , while piece of break car be fly all around he . bill he yell . damn ! build with galleries - exterior day a very picturesque building with multiple open air gallery . on one of the gallery , Anderson walk toward hector who be point a menace finger to he . hector I ought to shoot you ! anderson I come to make amend . hector so make them , loudmouth ! full shot of the building . very typical L.A. architecture , look almost like a movie set . Anderson and hector be lean against the bannister of one of the upper gallery . anderson I just speak to Bill capa . this license plate might belong to we mystery lady . Close up on Anderson and hector . Anderson give to hector the piece of paper Bill have give to he . hector read the paper . niedelmeyer residence - exterior day Bill run to the door of the house . he knock repeatedly and forcefully . bill Mrs. niedelmeyer ! it 's Dr. capa again . edith niedelmeyer open the small panel in the door . she look furious . edith you leave I alone ! get away from here ! bill I need you help , please ! edith why be you torture I like this ? bill Mrs. niedelmeyer , please ! niedelmeyer residence - interior day edith close the small panel . several heavy blow on the door , which eventually crash open and give access to Bill . the house be very heavily decorate . bill I need you to listen to I ! my best friend be kill . he be stab with a knife ... edith you get out of my house ! bill ... 38 time in the chest ! edith you - you go away ! bill he follow she through the sit room . they arrive near a bay window , behind which we can see a large swim pool . another patient be ble to death ! I think that I might be next ! edith go away ! bill I do not have anywhere else to go , Mrs. niedelmeyer ! what be you hide from I ? what be it ? edith nothing . bill why will not you tell I the truth ? edith pick up a cordless phone on a table . Bill tear the phone away from she hand . put that phone down . edith I be call the police ! bill put the phone down ! put the phone down ! edith she fall on the armchair in which Bill have push she . please ! what kind of twisted creature be you ? I have never do anything to you . bill my patient richie be involved ... edith why in God 's name be you do this horrible joke ? bill if you just help I ... edith richie dexter be dead ! he kill himself four year ago . bill why ? edith because he could not stand ... what my husband be do to he . she get up go to the window bay and open a glass door . she lean against the frame of the door . he hang himself with a belt . he be 12 . I do not know ! I mean , how could I know ? nobody know . bill what about the family ? edith he be survive by he brother , Dale . if richie dexter be alive today ... he would be 16 year old . he also have a sister , Rose . Bill stand still for a few second . he have just understand the truth . then he sigh and rush out of the house . he run near a impressive mantlepiece decorate with a fierce lion head pull its tongue out . dale' workshop - parking - exterior night Bob 's car arrive on the empty parking lot in front of Dale 's workshop . the atmosphere be even more uncomfortable at night than during the day . lightnings in the sky . there be light evenly place all along the high chimney . several window be light on the first floor of the building . Bill park the car in front of the building , get out the car and run toward the building . he enter use the door with the sign '' beware of dog» . dale' workshop - live quarter - interior night Bill get in the live quarter of the dexter . it be quite dark . in one corner , a large kitsch statue of Christ of the Sacred heart . a sink with two cabinet with glass door .. Bill push the slide door lead to the workshop . dale' workshop - workshop - interior night Bill walk between statue be work on . he bump into a small cage hang from the ceiling . he open a door which lead he into a small room cover with spiderweb . something liquid drop on he hand . it 's blood . Bill raise he head . though a gate in the ceiling , he see the cry face of richie . he get out of the small room , take a big piece of carve wood on a table , and climb the step lead to the upper part of the workshop . when he arrive in the upper gallery , he menacingly wave the piece of wood , and walk very cautiously . richie be seat with he back to he . he have blood on he T-shirt . bill richie . he get nearer and put the piece of wood down . Jesus Christ ! when he be close to richie , he see that he T-shirt be badly tear down and full of blood . he want to touch it , but richie start moan . Bill kneel near he . what do he ... what do he do to you ? richie he can hardly talk , and stammer even more than usual . w- what I ... d- deserve . y- you should not be here . get away from I . bill richie ... richie ... I have to see Rose . he take off richie 's glass . I need she . he take off richie 's wig , and Rose 's face appear . rose she have go back to Rose 's voice , and do not stammer anymore . get away from I , please ! you will make it worse ! bill where 's Dale ? rose she cry . l- I do not know , but he will be back ! L - I do not know where he be . bill he be also cry . be this you idea , to become richie ? rose no ! no ! L - it happen . it just happen . bill what ? what happen , Rose ? please . I need to know . rose when richie die ... Dale bury the body and then he say , " richie , come here . " and I tell he , I tell he , " my name be Rose ! " he slap I so hard , I could not get up . a- and he , he make I dress in this clothes ... and h-he do thing to I that make I not want to be a woman anymore . I be richie from then on . bill what happen to Rose ? rose after a while , I forget about Rose . then richie get bust . bill and you have to come to group . rose they be we world . they be we family . bill but then what ? Rose start come back ? rose no ! Rose , Rose be too scared , so bonnie come out . bonnie be first . bill oh , honey . rose help I , please ! help I . Rose move she eye down and Bill follow she eye . he discover that Rose 's hand have be nail to the carve armrest of the armchair . bill Jesus ! oh , my God ! Bill stand up . oh! Jesus Christ ! Jesus Christ ! he go to the table where he have drop the piece of wood and start look for a appropriate tool . he find a big hammer . that crazy bastard ! with the fork end of the hammer , he raise the nail . rose she cry and yell . oh , God ! Bill get the nail off . Rose can not breathe anymore . her eye be roll upwards . bill he feel that she be go away from he . Rose ! rose she go back to richie 's voice and face . she start stammer again . get away f-from I ! bill Rose , come back ! richie ! richie , leave she alone ! rose still talk like richie . I never get to be out a-anymore . bill Rose . come on . rose Rose 's head stand up : she be go back be Rose . and then I meet you and the fog ... start to lift . Bill take off the other nail . it do . it do . bill I know . come on , let 's go . he help she to stand up , and then to walk . let 's go . here we go . come on . shh. come here . they start go down to the workshop . here we go . here we go . let 's move . we hear the sound of a nail - gun , and a nail click on a piece of metal near they . rose oh ! several nail - gun shot . Nails be get stick in the various wooden object around they . dale shot from behind Dale . he hold a nail - gun and keep on shoot nail . back up ! he stick a nail in Bill 's shirt . Bill remain nail against a carve wooden panel . rose she yell and hold Bill tightly . no ! no , Dale , do not ! bill get back ! get back ! rose Dale , no ! dale Quick tongue , slow wit . deadly , Doctor . Bill try to take the nail off . the nail must have go through he flesh , because there be blood on he shirt . deadly . Dale raise he nail - gun slowly , but hector appear from behind a wall , hold a «real» gun . hector hi , Dale . you fuck daffodil . put that toy down . put it in the toolbox . now ! I get .45 caliber nail in this gun ! bill what be you do here , martinez ? hector he talk to Bill who be behind he , but without take he eye away from Dale . be not you glad I be here ? Anderson snitch you out ! that 's what happen when you try to outsmart a cop ! let that be you psych lesson for the day ! at the end of he sentence , hector slightly turn he head toward Bill . immediately Dale shoot he . hector bend down a little because of the pain , and stand back up to shoot Dale . but Dale be faster than he and nail both of he hand against the wood panel . hector he yell . go ! run ! bill go ! get over there ! get over there ! rose no ! no ! Dale keep on shoot and stick several nail in hector 's finger . hector go ! run ! run ! run ! run ! go ! Bill succeed in get the nail off he arm . he run away with Rose . we follow they through the workshop . as they reach a staircase , we hear a engine start . then a whole block of shelf fall in front of they . we see Dale in a small glass cabin , he hand on the control of a handle machine . Bill move Rose away from he ... bill let 's go ! ... just as a huge piece of furniture fall on Bill , who fall down , stick under the furniture . rose no ! get out ! Dale appear behind Bill , and wrap a leather belt around he neck . he tighten the belt . Bill suffocate . Dale pull he by the belt across the workshop . dale come on ! come on ! he put he inside a metal cage . he tie the belt on the top of the cage . Bill try , with both hand to move the belt away from he throat . bill you fuck son of a bitch ! Dale take a small electric see , switch it on and test it on the bar of the cage . spark spring up . you really fuck it up , do not ya ? get you little brother kill . dale no ! bill you let old niedelmeyer do it to he . dale no , I save he ! bill you know what be happen ... dale I do not know ! bill because it happen to you before ! dale would you goddamn shut up ? bill could have save you little brother , but he kill himself . dale he be get angry . shut up ! shut the fuck up ! bill you fail , Dale . and you make Rose become richie ! dale he calm down and smile . oh , you be smart . you be really smart . Bob Moore be smart , but I put a stop to that . bill yeah , you do . he cough . why would you kill casey , Dale ? dale why be you head - shrinker all alike , huh ? y- you can not keep you fuck hand off of we . huh ? always pokin ' and pushin ' . huh ? while talk , he keep on switch he see on and off . bill why would you do it , Dale ? dale because ... that little bitch , Rose , she start sneaking out ... play like bonnie , modeling for he night after night . Christ , Bill , he be lookin ' right through she ... gonna recognize richie in group . well , I might have miss old niedelmeyer ... but I sure as hell get Bob ... real good . - and now ... he start he see . spark spring up on the edge of the cage . I be gonna cut you into little piece and sand the skin off . bill he snicker . the inspiration of madness , Dale . dale the tyranny of normalcy , Bill . he start he see again , and slowly move it close to Bill . we hear the sound of the nail - gun and a nail get stick in Dale 's shoulder . the see stop . Dale walk back a few step to face Rose , hold the nail - gun point on he . dale richie . rose my name be ... my name be Rose . he rush on she . she shoot and stick a nail in the middle of he forehead . Dale fall down . Rose start scream . no ! no ! Bill try to get the belt off he neck . Rose raise the gun to she throat , and press the trigger . but it do not work . she try again . it still do not work . the gun must be empty . no ! Bill eventually succeed in get free , but Rose , after she have throw the gun away , start run through the workshop . no ! bill he run after she . Rose ! Rose ! come back ! Rose ! dale' workshop - chimney - exterior night Rose start climb the ladder mount on the body of the chimney . Bill follow she and yell . bill Rose ! Rose ! stop ! Rose ! rain be soaking both of they , but they keep on climb . Thunder be rumbling . a long distance shot show the whole chimney , with Rose and Bill climb on it . wait ! Rose ! rose she sob . do not ! bill for God 's sake , do not jump ! Rose ! rose she have reach the circular platform on the top of the chimney . she yell . no ! bill Rose ! stop ! bill he reach the platform . no ! no. no ! bill wait ! rose why ? bill Rose ! no ! stop , please ! Rose jump on the very narrow ring which circle the platform . just stay there ! rose it 's too late . I have go too far . I can not go back . bill if you go , I go ! I swear to God ! I swear to God . rose why would you do that ? bill please , God , just come over here . I do not want you to die . just give I you hand . take a risk ! there 's no risk in die . come on . rose oh , capa . bill come on . rose she put she hand out to Bill 's strutte hand . we hear the sound of a high gust of wind , and Rose loose she balance and start fall backward . l... no ... bill no ! rose capa ! she yell . no ! Bill jump from the platform and catch a chain hang under the platform . his momentum make he swing and he catch Rose 's arm just as she be fall from the outer ring . with he other arm he hold on the chain and they start swinging back and forth . they eventually reach the chimney ladder . Rose grab one of the rung , follow by Bill , who push she up . bill come on . they move back to the platform , and , as soon as they reach it , they hug each other very tight . Bill look at the beacon on the top of the chimney . from white , the beacon become red , which be its real color . Bill smile : he see red again . he hug Rose even more tightly . hector' voice while the camera pan away from the platfom , show the whole platform with Bill and Rose hold each other , we hear hector 's voice . hey ! listen up , you fuck daffodil ! you gonna leave I hang here all night , huh ? Bill start laugh . get I down , you goddamn cuckoos ! get I some fuck Band - aids ! Bill keep on laugh . Rose start laugh too . come on , you fuck daffodil ! get I out of here ! credit during the credit , we hear the follow song : word of the credit song you and I - move in the dark - body close but soul apart - shadow smile - secret unreveal - I need to know the way you feel - and I will give you everything I be and everything I want to be - I will put it in you hand - if you could open up to I - oh , can not we ever get beyond this wall ' Cause all I want be just once to see you in the light - but you hide behind the color of the night - ooh , ooh , ooh ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh - God save I - ooh , ooh , ooh ooh ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh ooh , ooh , ooh - everything I be - everything I be - and everything I want to be - oh , can not we ever get beyond this wall ' Cause all I want be just once - forever and again - ever and again - I be wait for you - I be stand in the night but you hide behind the color of the night - ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh , ooh - please come out from the color of the night hector' voice at the end of the credit , we hear hector 's voice again . hey ! you gonna spend the night up there ? you and little miss fender Bender ?