" coming home " draft screenplay by waldo Salt and Bob Jones J " coming home '' ext . california freeway - day a El camino race parallel to the ocean , janis joplin music blasting from the radio . int . EL camino - day '' Marine Captain bob hayne lean on he horn as he cut in and out of traffic . Bob wear a dress uniform with a black armband , he wife , sally , be in black with a veil . both be slightly tight . in they early thirty , they be know as 2 fun couple , the sonny and cher of the officer 's Club . Sally sniff , point to a red light on the dashboard . : bob goddamn fanbelt ... ext . freeway offramp - day the El camino slice through traffic toward a exit . ext . service station / SMALL grocery - day Sally come out of the grocery store with a sixpack of beer and a wad of paper towel , cross to the El camino , where Bob be finish up with the fanbelt . she give he the towel , open they both a can of beer . Bob 's face and uniform be smear with grease . bob ( glance at watch ) - shit. but shit ... : sally we have get time ... . bob Fucking funeral ... from another sound perspective , a volley of rifle shot be heard . ext . naval cemetery ~ day a military funeral be end . petty officer aim , fire . aim , fire . present , arm ! ( continued ) continued : as the bugler sound tape , we see : Bob , still smudge with grease , seat next to he mother , amanda hayne . beside he mother be grandmother hayne , senile and obli - vious to the going on . Sally stand behind Bob , and sur - round she be aging Naval . officer , all in dress uniform . a few civilian ere among the mourner . the empty sleeve of a one - armed captain be flip from he pocket by the wind and wave in the face of grandmother hayne , she do not react , continue to stare into space . a grizzle chief ' petty officer retire , with blue weathered skin , cry unashamedly . limousine driver . be gather around one of the car , listen to the news of the Tet Offensive on the radio . escort commander order , arm . the band pley " America the beautiful " while the body bearer fold the flag into a cocked - hat shape , then the chaplain present the fold flag to amanda . escort commander platoon leader , take charge . the bellow of the escort commander trip off a noisy series of shout order as the platoon leader manerv~ . phetr man . as she rise from she chair , amanda tu :n to ob :.. amanda why be you so late ? before Bob can answer , the grizzle c.p.o. throw a arm around he shoulder ... c.p.0 . ( jabbing at Bob 's greasy uniform ) look at yourself , goddamit , you know what you old man would have _ Said ? you be out of uniform , sailor . yessir , he own son or not , he would of have you ass , kid , he would of run you up a flagpole and shove it in . I love that old son-of - a-seacock . . make he proud of you , Robbie , you hear ? . Sally have be watch Bob carefully for sign of danger . she take he arm . sally why do not you ride to the airport with you mother , I will bring the car ... ( continued ) 5 continued : ( 2 ) amanda you be such a dear child . how do you ever get mix up with that roughneck ? sally leatherneck . - : amanda '' leatherneck , roughneck . Jack be such a gentleman ... ( a glance to Bob ) e+. and he always make it a point to be prompt . . bob oh , shit . amanda he never speak 2 coarse word or smoke 2 cigar in my presence . a annapolis gentleman . bob not today ... as they approach a wait limousine , the news program be turn off . amanda squeeze Sally 's hand . amanda do not let he do anything dumb , honey . you know how they be . he do not have to go , you know , the only son of a navy widow . and I still have a few connection , if it come to that . it 's up to you , now . take good care of he , he 's all I have get leave ... sally ( kiss amanda 's cheek ) I will , amanda ... have a good flight ... . Bob follow amanda into the limousine . a navy usher drive up in . in the El camino . Sally nod to he and get ext , freeway by airport - dusk the El camino leave the airport , pull onto the freeway . 4 , 7 int . EL camino - dusk Bob show the effect of spend time with he mother . Sally sit close to he . bob : I will tell you what she do , she drive I crazy ! I can not take be around she ... . sally ».» oh , I think amanda 's just old and lonely ... and she 's worried , she 's afraid you will go to nam ... she really care about you . bob bullshit , she care about herself . sally ( move closer ) well , I 'care about you . bob how much ? sally ( rub he leg ) a lot ... bob be you worried ? sally no ... you will do whatever 's best . bob i be a goddam good Marine , be not ? : . sally numero Uno . he turn and kiss she . she put a hand on the steering wheel , keep the El camino on course . . 8 int . bar - night a jukebox compete with the tv war news at one end of the bar . Bob and Sally be the only one dance -- with drunken abandon , late fifty style -- with more anger than joy . the music end and Sally guide Bob to they pooth . they sit , Bob look at they empty pitcher of beer , then rise ... ( continued ) 10 continued : bob I will get we a refill , do not go away ... Sally , out of breath , smile as Bob take the pitcher to the bar . she turn , look up at a young serviceman in ecivy , lean on the booth , drink beer from a bottle , watch tv . : sally what 's the news ? young serviceman still fight , I guess ... Bob turn from the bar to see he talk to Sally . Bob explode across the room , swing the man away from the booth and knock he across the dance floor . the man come up swinging the beer bottle . his companion ere in front of he immediately . Sally be .on she foot , clutching Bob 's arn . sally hey , if you want to rassle , big boy ... . ( nuzzle he ear ) - let 's get out of here . bob ( drunk and piss off ) that little punk ... sally c'mon , gimme the key . I will drive ... bob forget it ... she pull Bob out of the tavern . ext . marine base entrance - night a Marine m.p. sergeant snap to attention and salute as Bob drive through the gate . ext . officer ' housing - night the El camino pass row upon row of identical house , small and well - keep . Bob park , he and Sally get out . will 12 13 int . base house ~ night the interior of the house be little more than a motel , despite Sally 's effort at individuality . Sally enter first , follow by Bob . as soon as he close the door , Sally leap on he , grab Bob around the neck , try to wrestle he to the floor . he easily lift she off she foot , stumble across the room and fall with she onto the couch ... . sally : bastardt . . bob bitch ! they roll off to the floor . the grapple begin in half - earnest . Sally resist furiously , enjoy it but be on the verge of real pain and outrage . Bob , find a release for he anger , struggle to contain Sally , stop short of actually hurt she . the sexuality increase as the violence continue until Sally , exhaust and outmatch , surrender to Bob . the mock rape be over , they begin to make love . : . int . base house bedroom - night . . Sally sleep , wake up as she hear a crash from th - other room . she look around , see Bob be not * : bed , get up , slip on a robe and leave the bedroom . '' int . kitchen - night Bob have the toaster apart on the bar . he look up as - Sally appear . sally what be you do ? mo bob sorry , I wake you up , the inside fall out ... , mo . . ( look down at the toaster ) damn thing , would not pop up , think I would clean it out ... sally '' ++ now ? ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 continued : bob ( empty crumb out of toaster ) I should be there ... I be a Marine and that 's where I should be ..- sally ( sit on bar stool ) you do not have to , you know ... bob I know that -- but I can not do shit in California ... I should be in nam . sally ( pause ) ' , .. I love you . bob I know . sally ( lean forward , put arm around he ) ir you want to go , go . bob ll I know . Sally rub Bob 's neck as he start to reassemble toaster . ext . marine base - day Bob , wear olive green usmc skivvy , run past row of military equipment ; tank , truck , etc . int . base house ~ night Sally sit in the live room blankly gaze at the tv . Bob do pushup in a corner of the room . Sally turn away from the television , silently watch Bob as he . . exercise , ext . rifle range - day Bob fire a automatic rifle alongside sergeant dink mobley . Bob 's weapon jam . bob ( try to pull back bolt ) . ~»» aw , fuck ... ( continued ) 16 17 18 continued : dink stop fire , help Bob out ... . dink it 's turn into a heavy - duty war over there ... bob lo. . ( clear rifle ) hallelujah ! dink I will drink to that ... they both resume firing . int . beauty parlor - day ~ Sally sit get she hair do . she try to read a magazine , can not , put it down . int , base house - dusk Sally stand watch as Bob pack with compulsive pre~ eision , leave discard wrapping and personal oddment strewn around the room . bob you will pay the bar bill ? sally natch ... bob better make a note . sally already have . bob oh , another thing -- get that generator check , right away . sally okay ... it be hysterical in the px today . I start to order stationery with we address print on and then it dawn on I you do not have a address . I do not even have a return address . I almost bawl . like a kid , in front of everybody . ( continued ) 18 19 continued : bob they can not kick you out of here until the end of the month . Rent 's pay . and the first thing you do tonight , you call my mother . : sally . '' sure. : . bob you know she think you be the only good thing about I ... and there 's trot horse and three cousin and two teenage nephew who will tar and feather any stud that come around annoying you ... * '' sally . you be sweet . you think every mal want to seduce I . bob it only take one . better go ... he shoulder nis duffel bag and they leave the room . ext , marine base bus station - dusk Bob drive directly to the door of a small building which serve as a terminal . a usmc bus idle noistly outside . Bob and Sally get out of they car , he unload he thing . sally ( hand he small wrap package ) here ... good luck . Bob smile , take the package , start to take the ribbon ofr . bob hey , thanks . sally no , open it later ... bob okay ... well ... be sure and call amanda . sally iwill ... ( continued ) 19 20 el 10 . continued : a quick kiss , then Bob turn and head for the building . he stop by a couple in a embrace , tap dink on the '' shoulder . bob c’mon , dink ... . dink break from the clinch with he girl , VI , follow Bob onto the bus . Sally look after Bob for a beat , then turn away quickly and get into the car . she make a awkward start , a U -turn and drive away . int . base eouse kitchen ~ night Sally dial telephone . move to the refrigerator , make vodka over ice es she talk . sally hello , '' pmanda , it 's Sally . well , turn it off , I have something to tell you ... it 's about Bob , we could not let you know because of security , but ... that 's right , he 's go ... , no , he could not have call you -= no way . amanda , you be act like a child ... I will not - listen to that , you listen ... you be @runk ... I will talk to you when you be sober . Sally hang up , drain she drink and pour another . the rae ring , Sally grab 1t angrily and speak without wi ing . sally I do not want to talk to you now , amanda . ( cut off , then dial ) hl , Earl , can I talk to Cathy . int . earl and cathy delise' house - evening earl ; a slightly overweight Marine Captain , watch tv with he two son as he talk . earl I be more fun , but what can I tell you ? if you dig my wife ... ( cover mouthpiece ) it 's Sally . call she back . I be hungry . ( continued ) al 22 23 24 25 11 . continued : cathy , prepare dinner in the kitchen , ( identical to Sally 's ) come to the phone . cathy hello , Sally -o. int . base house - evening Sally at the refrigerator , add ice to she drink . sally hi , Cathy , look , I have a sensational idea for the magazine . a combat Correspondence page ~- letter from guy in nam to they wife . int . earl and catey '’s ~ evening Earl give Cathy a look . , cathy sound great . but I be really into dinner now , the kid and all ... int . base house - evening sally ( hide disappointment ) oh , I be sorry , sure , maybe I could drop in later after you get they to bed . we could have a drink and talk about it ... hey , Cathy , no sweat . make it tomorrow . Sally break the connection , dial again . the first call be busy . the second do not answer . she dial again , the first number 1s still busy . she hang up and sit stare at the television hypnotically . the phone start to ring . startle , she refuse to answer . she try to escape into the bedroom : . int . base house bedroom - evening the SOUND of the phone follow Sally . she stand in the middie of the room , for the moment totally engulf by the evidence of Bob 's absence ... discard clothing ~~ empty drawer open -- a damp towel over the tub -- a open tube of toothpaste -- naked hanger in a dark closet -- twisted sheet and pillow still mark by the imprint of sleep ... then the phone stop ringing and Sally return to the live room . 26 27 12 . int . base house live room - evening Sally close the bedroom door and take the phone off the hook . she find she drink , sit in front of the tv , try - ~ ing to follow the soundless image . she take a sip , sud - @enly aware of the burn of the alcohol . she set the drink on a table , cover she face with she hand , and begin to cry . the sobbing bulid as Sally yield to she sadness . : int . base house live room - night Sally in the chair asleep . she waken , startle by the SOUND of the doorbell . she look at herself in the mirror , straishten she heir with she finger , hide the drink behind the picture of Bob , then.turn ... . sally who 's there ? VI ( 0.s8 . ) I get a message from Bob ! Sally open the door to Viola munson , a pretty , tough , brassy kid from New Jersey . while she speak , vi size up Sally and the house . ve I be vi ... I be at the bus with dink . sally oh. right. sure . want a drink ? a beer ? vI no , they be wait . the take - off 's be delay and the boy want company . . dink ask I to tell you . I guess you phone 's be busy . sally i'took it off the hook . vr get a sixpack ? they want a sixpack and a pizza . Sally hurry to the kitchen for the beer . vi peek into the bedroom , rap on the wall , notice Sally 's hide qrink . she turn as Sally return with the beer . VI you a lush ? ( continued ) ) 27 28 continued : 13 . sally no , I be not ... VI I could be , I go through phase ... I do not know officer have to live in this kinda place ... sally they be not bad , and it 's more convenient than town ... let 's go .-. vi take a last look around the house as they leave . ext . AIR terminal - night the El camino be park behind vi 's vw van . Bob , he head on saliy 's shoulder , admire he gift from she , a wedding band . bob ( hold up hand ) look pretty damn fancy . . sally I love it ... but you 'il probably take it off when you go on liberty . bob bullshit . I will not take it off ... look , I will be able to send you whatever you need . I have get good feeling about this . I think that gook shot they wad with this tet - Offensive . it 's a mop - up operation from here on out . I aim to come back a Major , maybe a Lieutenant Colonel and buy we a little old place on the beach with '' a porsche in the garage , y'’hear ? sally wow ! Colonel and Mrs. Robert hayne ... I will have to lengthen all my dress ... bob +s. and get a girdle . sally +. and change my hair , wear it in a bun . ( continued ) 28 29 14 . continued : bob and definitely watch you language . sally for sure ... become very reserve . they both look up as the rear door of vi 's van open : un - expectedly . vi and dink , dishevel , crawl out , cross toward the terminal building ... . bob . ( watch they ) of course , if I come back as a sergeant , we could do whatever we feel . like ... sally ( hold he close ) just come back ... okay ? bob ( smile at Sally , open door ) goddam right ... ( pause ) be you go to call amanda ? sally already do . ( pause ) I could not reach she ... I will try again . bob okey ... see you , Sally reach for Bob , hug he tightly . ext . AIR terminal - night the last of the Marines be load aboard the transport . vi stand with several other wife or girlfriend of en- list man , mostly black or chicano . Sally stand slightly apart at the fence , less because of snobbery than shyness . as the plane take off , the group stand watch the light disappear , then break up and start toward the park car . vi nod . to Sally in pass . VI see you around , babe . Sally smile , watch vi pass , then suddenly take the plunge , half -run after vi . ( continued ) 15 . 29 continued : sally vi -- be that violet ? VI would you believe Viola ? sally - I want to say thanks for come to get I , Viola . . VI sure , okay ... sally coulda I buy you a drink ? vi ( get into van ) you do not have to . it 's okay . sally I wish you would let I , i. really do not want to be alone . VI where 's open ? no place be open . sally the officer ' Club ... vi ( start van , turn on radio ) do not interest I . sally I do not care where . I just do not want to go back to that house for a while . . VI the shanty might be open , but it 's a little raunchy this time of night ... Sally , on the verge of tear , try to make a funny face up at vi but she voice do not carry over the sound of loud rock from the’ radio . sally I guess that 's that . VI '' ( turn down radio ) I live a couple of mile down . wanna come over ? ( continued ) 29 30 16 . continued : ( 2 ) sally we have never be separate before , not really ... VI stay close . : ext . beach alley - night a crowded one - way street , a block or so from the sand . the van pull into the garage of a modest shingle house . circa 1929 . vi turn down the radio and yell : VI ' ( point ) . Park in that garage . ' the '' place in front 's empty . Sally park as vi flip a porch light on and go into she apartment . int . vix apartment - night vi turn on the overhead light as she enter . she cross , turn on tv , try to smooth over the unmade bed , give up as she notice how messy the rest of tne apartment be . a frame picture of dink sit on a end table , and tack the one wall be snapshot of a slim , sensitive young man with long blonde hair and a wisp of a beard , the opposite of dink . Sally enter es the tv suddenly blare ; the end of 2 prayer lead into the Star spangle Banner over patriotic image as the station sign off the air . vi turn : sharply to switch channel . vi shit ... sally do not ! vi wait , watch Sally curiously as she stand silent , she eye tear as she listen to the end of the anthem . VI okay ? sally : I be sorry , I just ~- tonight especially -- I feel almost superstitious about it . ( continued ) * y 31 17 . continued : . VI ( turn off tv ) whatever get you through the night . sally it 's the way I be raise , I guess . VI I , too ... be a beer okay ? that 's all I get . Sally nod , vi open fridge . VI do you have to stay in that place ? if he 's in nam ? sally God , no ! I can not , even if I want to . that 's officer ' quarter . when Bob go , I have to move off base . '' VI no shit -= - that 's spooky -- you be the hole in the doughnut . when the doughnut go , there 's no hole . sally I think if the Marine Corps mean you to have a wife , they would issue you one . ws vI '' yeah , spray olive green ... hey , you wanna sleep over ? take a swim in the morning ? < sally well ... VI if you can stand the mess . sally I should get home ... VI why ? sally good question . okay . ( continued ) . 18 . 31 continued : ( 2 ) VI good . sally thanks . Sally kick off she shoe and sit on the bed , notice the picture on the wall . VI that 's my kid brother . sally Nice face . VI yeeh , he get it all . he inherite the brain , the beauty , the personality , the talent . then he. get draft . he 's the only reason it hang out here . really . - sally not dink ? VI dink the kink ? well , he 's part of it . but the kid 's in the v.a. hospital . psycho ward . they send he back without a ignition . so I be stick with he , . sally I be sorry ... that must be hard on you ... VI . well , I see he every day . I work in the kitchen at the hospital . sally be he get better ? I mean ... . VI who know ? they do not ... I do not ».. listen , you can hear the ocean . the SOUND of the surf 1s soft . over it , a phantom jet take off and fade away . 32 ext . beach - morning a foggy California morning . ( continued ) 32 33 19 . continued : vi and Sally be in the surf up to they knee , both freezing , neither want to venture out any farther . sally do you do this every morning ? VI I have live here six month . dink push me.in once , this be the second time ... . . sally it 's cold . VI _ ' thate it . - sally so do I ... I would better get go soon ... VI why ? where to ? " sally Home , I guess .... VI what be you go to do there ? sally I do not know . I have get to get it over with ... and I should try to figure out something to do -- to keep I busy ... v I ( quietly ) ++. that asshole ... they remain in the surf , ' motionless as the water swirl around they leg . int . spinal cord ward , VA hospital — day the ward be divide by screen and curtain into a series of four bed cubicle , face each other across the aisle . a central PA system plays muzak to the captive audience , interrupt occasionally for hospital announcement . a barrel - chest orderly , know as pee wee , be in the pro - eess of turn over a quadriplegic in he bed . ( continued ) 33 " coming home '' - Rev. 1/3/77 20 . continued : luke ( 0.8 . ) corrine ?... corrine ?... pee wee ! pee wee be a bit irk at the interruption , turn to see luke martin , lie on he stomach on a gurney . luke be 2 red-ey , hairy - face viet nem veteran , paralyze from the waist down . pee wee - '' ( continue to work with quad ) how be you today , Mr. Martin ? . luke I stink . . pee wee I smell booze . luke I need a bath . pee wee - expecting visitor ? luke ' Jesus , man , give I a break ... pee wee I just have two hand and too many asshole to clean . luxe that 's what you be pay for ! pee wee you know , Mr , Martin , you get more money from uncle for you disability than I and my old lady make put together . luke . do not give I that bullshit ... where 's corrine ? I be fill up . pee wee how the hell would I know ? luke you do not know shit ... luke move away , propel gurney with cane , ( continued ) ~ 33 21 . continued : ( 2 ) luke corrine ! pee wee ( call after luke ) you better watch that booze , it will mess up you kidney ... luke - ( not look back ) up yours ! luke stop at the doorway , reach down , fumble as he try to remove urine bag hang from the gurney . luke ( mutter ) e+» goddamn stupid civil service bastard -- let you drow in you own piss ... corrine , where the hell be you ...? he awkwardly remove the bag from the catheter tube , hold one of the cane and the bag in the same hand , and exit the ward . int . hallway - spinal cord ward - day luke come into the hallway on the gurney , almost hit Sally as she walk by . she stumble to avoid he , knock - ~ ing the cane and the bag from he hand , urine splattering on the floor . sally oh , I be sorry , I do not see you ... Sally instinctively bend down to pick up the cane ; she hesitates when she see the bag . Sally rise , look at luke . they eye meet for en instant , share the they - barrassment . luke ( begin to sob ) oh , shit ... he cry in he own rage as he swing he remain cane , smash a cart of medication , a tray of juice . Sally , still hold the other cane , back away . luke I have have it ! i ore ) fuck have it ! more ( continued ) 2s meowne home " - Rev. '' 1/3 / tt '' 34 . ° continued : oo - luke ( cont 'd ) er hear this , all you medic and orderly and intern and aide and doctor and nurse ! where the - hell be you ? where the hell be : ' anybody ? you treat we like nobody - _ in this goddamn hospital and I be not nobody , I be fuck somebody ! _ Sally stare at luke from a safe distance with a flash of - recognition , although we do not yet understand .1t . the .. muzak be interrupt to summon Dr. lincoln to spinal cord . -=.. head nurse degroot steamroller from one end of the cor - ' , rider . corrine , the black aide , bear down on luke from . : the.other end . luke spot degroot and corrine , raise '' he cane threateningly ... : poko , luke | , now : ' you 's be come , now you be here ! ' corrine , there 's something on the | o .: floor for you . a : _ ( to degroot ) sf you come near I and rarr break you . - head} pe - corrine — : ey 7. soe ( to degroot ) I have ' bout have it with this dude . luke ( wave cane ) - you be all so goddamn slow ! '' can not :. you broad move ? come on near I , -. iwanta hit you ass ! I wanta see - ' you move ! I wanta hit somebody that '' 1 , can not even move ! selly , 's ' std17 hol aing luke 's ° cane , stop near 's the doorway ' try to remein unnotice , near two paras in wheelchair . doc dunbarton ( w.w. iz vet ) be still a handsome man with a silver mane end a pencil moustache . bozo fioretti be from ' nan , with long hair , beard and a earring . poc * damn dope fiend ... ° bozo * " ' shut. up , you old fart . oe : luke 's try to push . gurney with one cane ' toward degroot and * oo. corrine . | + . ar luke I I want out ! can you hear I ? we of ' I want out of all this shit ! as ( continued ) 34 '' coming home '' - Rev. 1/3/77 23 . continued : ( 2 ) the gurney spin around , jam against the wall . dr . lincoln enter the corridor , join by pee wee , who come out of the ward . luke look up to the doctor . luke Doctor , for Christ sake ! I could not even get my piss bag change ! I want back in a chair ! please , get I back in a chair ! pee wee move toward he . luke swing out with the cane , - put pee wee easily sidestep it and pin luke 's arm to the gurney . luke . oh shit , pee wee -- c'mon ... degroot take a nearly - empty bottle of wine from under luke 's sheet , hand it to Dr. lincoln . luke goddamit , degroot , that 's my personal property ! dr . lincoln ( survey damage ) he do all this ? degroot yes , sir . he 's be pretty wild , threaten we egain . dr . lincoln give he one CC of thorazine . put he in a private room , let he cool off . degroot yes , Doctor . lincoln leave . pee wee and degroot wheel luke away . Sally lean to bozo . sally ( hold out cane ) what should I do with this ? bozo look up at she , grin , do not say what he would like to say ... bozo - I will take it ... ( continued ) 34 35 36 '' '' coming home " - Rev. 1/3/77 continued : ( 3 ) sally who be that man ? bozo luke ... luke Martin . sally - that 's right ... luke ... : . corrine approach Sally . corrine you look for somebody , honey ? sally I come to see fleta Wilson -- - about volunteer work . corrine opoint off ) end of the hall , next building . sally ( start away ) thanks . bozo ( call after she ) do not let they put you into one of that smock . wear. something really tight . you have get a great body ... sally ( flatter ) . thanks ... I will see you ... bozo I hope so . bozo turn to watch she leave . omitted int . hospital corridor - day Sally stop in front of a door mark " volunteer - fleta Wilson - supervisor . " she look at the door for a beat , then down to the damp spot on she stock , hesitates , make a decision and knock . fleta ( 0.s. ) come in . Sally enter the office . 37 38 39 25 . int . volunteer ! office - day fleta wilson , tough , dedicated , wear a gold star , sit behind a desk , work on paperwork . Sally shut the door . sally Mrs. Wilson ? ae fleta : yes. sally I think I want to be a volunteer . I do not think , I know I want to work as a volunteer in the spinal cord Ward . . fleta sit down , please . i'1l be with you in a moment . . selly sit . fleta continue to shuffle through paperwork . int . spinal cord private room — day pea wee transfer a sedate luke from the gurney to the bed . luke 's lip attempt to snarl e protest but he eye do not open . ext . base house - late afternoon — vit van be park behind the El camino . she and Sally load the sewing machine into the van . the back of the El camino 18 pile with odd and end from the base house . sally ( as they load van ) God , I have such a weird morning . I run into this guy I go to high school with , I mean , I ram he . . he 's paralyze . his ... you know ... he bag spill all over I . . VI ( laugh ) that 's hysterical -- ' johny , how nice to see you again ! -- pow ! sally he be drunk , I could hardly recognize he , he be such a mess ... ( continued ) 39 26 . continued : VI poor bastard . do he know you ? what would he say ? sally I do not think he know who I be ... I could not remember he name , I hed - to ask . vi. ( look over to she ) you know , you pick a very tough place to start out , babe . that ward be pretty weird . sally ... even the way they look —- for - the first time in my life I talk to a man who be wear a earring ... vI not use to that type ? sally Bob would shit , he 's so all - american . voice hey , sweetheart ! ! they turn to see a convoy of young Marines roll past the house on truck , whistling and shouting at vi and Sally . sally ignore they . VI . if we ignore 'en , they will stop look ... ( shout ) which one of you mother have ball enough to come and get it ? Sally laugh as vi do a obscene bump and grind . . at : the same time , the convoy move past and Sally see the oppo - site side of the street , where neighborhood wife be gather with they child , butch -cut , wear usmc T - vi reach into the van , take two beer from a six - pack and hand one to Sally . VI be that it ? sally that 's it . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 ko al 27 . continued : ( 2 ) sally ( cont 'd ) you know , I have live in 's base house like this , face face like that , - for -~- since I leave lincoln High practically ... yeah , that 's it . vi get into the van . Sally wave to the wife across the street as she cross to the El camino . ext . beach house alley ~ dusk Sally and vi carry the last load from the van into a small house around the corner from vi 's . int , beach house - evening the room be pile with Sally 's belonging . the furniture be old and comfortable , arrange around a large rustic fireplace . other renter have add a over-size bean - bas , psychedelic light and other trendy touch . Sally be unpack file and book , sip on a beer . vi be curl up near the hearth , roll a joint . . the war news lay on tv , - silent image against a record of the Stones on stereo . VI '' I go back home once when my old lady die . there be nothing leave of I . they tore down my past to build a shopping center . * ( offer Sally a joint ) '' do you smoke ? sally Bob 's a boozer ... ( then take it ) what the hell -- why not ? -- yeah . Sally take a toke , not expertly , but aware of the tech - nique .. she hand it back to vi , carry a large high school yearbook to the hearth . sally want to see what I use to look like ? ( show vi picture ) there 's a better one of I as cheerleader -- look at that hair . - VI ( read ) ' Sally Bender . nickname sal. ( more ) no 28 . continued : VI ( cont 'd ) what one thing would she want on a desert island ? a husband . 's sally ( leaf through the page ) God , it 's embarrassing ... let 's see — here he be -- ' luke Martin . nickname , the Duke . what one thing would he want on a desert island ? a mirror . ' int . private room = night luke be partially conscious , twisted awkwardly into the bedcover , haif on he side . he frees one arm with dif - ficulty , raise he head and look around , disorient . the room be dark . he whisper toward the right . luke bozo ? there be no response , . luke find a button and ring for the nurse , struggle to turn to he leave . . luke - Virgil ? again no answer . luke lie still for a moment , then jerk the cover from he body . he fald the bottom sheet over himself lengthwise , tug carefully in a attempt to lift the dead weight of he leg and roll they over . he 's sweat with the exertion , panting , fight a over - whelming desire to sleep . suddenly , he body go off the edge of the bed . he grab onta the sheet , try to slow he fall . his head strike a bedside stand , spilling the water jug , paper cup , a note pad and a ballpoint pen . '' his leg stay on the bed , catch in the sheet , as he torso hang to the floor . the light come on . a aide , jason , enter . luke look up , wild -ey . luke . do not you touch I ! he take the ballpoint pen suddenly and place it point up between he rib , directly under he heart , support himself in a push - up position , hold the pen upright between he chest and the floor . luke ~ all I have to do be let go . I do not really give a shit . you be already kill I . ( continued ) 42 43 4 45 . 29 . continued : Jason quickly reach for luke , hold he shoulder and lift he back onto the bed . he take the pen away and straighten out the bedding . jason they never should have freed you arm , man . luke lie spend , exhaust , as Jason tuck he arm tightly under the sheet and ralse the side of the bed . inp . VA hospital corridor - morning doe dunbarton sit in he wheelchair , watch the doorway like he use to watch train as a kid , he and Sally ex - chenge a smile es she enter , start down the hallway . int . VA locker room - morning Sally finish change into a smock . she check herself in a wirror , blushes es fleta enter . fleta you look very pretty . sally iwas just ... I look okay ? pleta quite acceptable . whenever you be ready , you can report to head nurse degroot . sally ( a parting glance in : mirror ) I guess I be all set ... as Sally start to go : fleta one bit of advice , Mrs. hayne . I know it 's go to be hard for you , but just remember , do not put up with any of they bullshit . Sally look at fleta for a beat , then leave the locker roon . int . spinal cord ward - morning a early - morning poker game be in progress at one end of the ward . ( continued ) 45 continued : barney vail be a stick man in Vegas before Korea . lcewel johnson , a black para , have some mysterious importance in the " real world " outside . hiram beam wear he w.w. ii - medal on a american legion cap . virgil hunt , a black para and a ventriloquist , sit with he dummy , superslope a grin caricature of a saigon street arab . pepe fier ( a quad from nam , deal with the aid of prosthetics . superslope ( look at Virgil 's card ) heah ! you be kill I ! ( look off ) wow ! dig that round - eye chick , yank ! come on , baby , light my fire ! Sally smile as she push a cart of juice into the ward . the game be interrupt as the man react to Sally . superslope wanna fuck , round eye ? virgil superslope ! superslope ( louder ) can I kiss you ? can TI sniff ? virgil shame on you ! on Sally serve juice to the man in bed , try to politely ig - nore superslope . superslope I be hard all over , sweet ass , I 'ma bargain in this ward ! hiram ( ready to play card ) for God 's sake , Virgil , shut up ! superslope yessir , Mr. beam . right away , sir ! ( to Virgil ) hear that dummy ? you be disturbing the gentlemen ... corrine enter , wheeling cart of food . Sally cross tc she . ( continued ) 45 46 31 . continued : ( 2 ) sally ( quietly motion to poker game ) should I serve they juice ? corrine ask the Lord , honey , I just work here . when youtre through , help I feed the quad , okay ? sally ( wheel toward poker game ) .-. sure . as Sally near the table , superslope start up again . superslope you get it all , mama -san ! tit , ass -- you get it all ! virgil quiet , superslope ! ( to Sally ) matam , I apologize for my friend ... Sally weakly nod , start give player juice . virgil ( to superslope ) stop that gook stuff , man . round - eye lady be civilized , dig ? will superslope . yeah , man , they do not dig like fuck or loud - mouth or loud music , or bad smell like sweat or shit or garlic . and they hate ugly , man . so you would better look out , boy , ' cause you be the ugliest mother I ever do see ... superslope 's head turn 180 degree to watch Sally walk away , then turn back to look at hiram 's card . int . private room - morning luke lie on he back , he arm immobilize by a white hospital restrain jacket . pee wee be try to feed he but luke spit the food out of he mouth , knock the spoon out of pee wee 's hand with he head . pee wee start again patiently . the game obviously have be go on for some time . luke 's chest be a mess . ( continued ) 46 47 32 . continued : luke my arm . let I have my arm —- I ean feed myself . pee wee you better take what you can get , Mr. Martin . , luke spit out another mouthful . pee wee get up and leave , . int . spinal ward - morning Sally carry a tray to rory mayhew , a strikingly handsome young quad with a wispy beard which partially conceal the tracheotomy open in he neck . Sally hesitates , startle ' and unsure . rory 's eye be close but he lip be move silentiy . . sally Chow ... rory 's eye open and he smile a glow welcome to Sally . his eye roll , try to indicate the rubber cork on he beside stand . corrine come to the bed . corrine he be not transistorize . he 's gotta be plugge in for sound . '' corrine laugh . rory grin . Sally take the rubber cork ana push it into place . rory 's voice have a oddly hol - low rasp . : rory just say a prayer to Jesus ... have you ever think of give you life to Jesus ? sally . not really ... she be so tense by now that she spill half a spoonful of oatmeal on rory 's beard . she daub at it quickly with a kleenex . sally do not say a word . you be lucky I hit you mouth . uw 33 . 4s int . spinal ward corridor - day Sally wheel food cart past ward to row of private room . she stop at one , knock lightly . there be no answer . she 's open the door and look in ; she see luke , a mess , cover with food , eye close . sally luke ?... - ; luke ( open eye slowly ) yeah ... sally ; can I come in ? luke I do not give a shit . she go into the room . 49 int , private room — day Sally start to close door , change she mind , leave it open , sally do you know who I be ? luke nope. sally Sally hayne ... I mean , Bender , remember ? lincoln High ? luke oh , yeah ... how're you do ? sally okay ... a moment ... luke vee so ? sally I be a volunteer . luke terrific ... Sally stand ; a beat of silence , then go to sink , moisten towel . ( continued ) 34 . 4g continued : sally ( move to bed ) wow -- this be really a mess . Sally start to wipe he off . luke ( look up ) Sally Bender -- lincoln High ... yeah .... be not you a cheerleader ? sally ( smile ) sure -- for three year . luke ( look she over ) seem like you be still in shape ... . sally ( pause ) -' -. when be you ... wounded ? luke a long time ago ... sally in nem ? luke where else ? sally my husband just go there ... luke poor bastard . do not we use to call you ' bender-over !? sally * ( shocked ) what ? who say that ? . luke everybody . sally they do not . luke sure , they do . . sally they do not . what be you talk about ? ( continued ) he 50 35 . continued : ( 2 ) luke oh ~- I be just kid -- listen , Sally , can I talk you into do I a@ big favor ? sally well , sure ... I guess so . luke - how about undoing this thing ? sally luke , you know I can not do that . luke , sure , you can -- it 's easy , just a couple of snap . sally I can not . luke c'mon , Sally ~~ please . there be a moment of indecision on Sally 's part , then de- groot and pee wee , wheeling a gurney , enter . degroot what be you do ? sally well , I just think that luke be ... degroot ( move past she , interrupt ) - we will tend to Mr. Martin , Sally , you be need on the ward , Sally stendas in the doorway for a beat , watch degroot be - gin to take the restraint off luke . he look to Sally . luke you almost get yourself a gold star , Bender . , Sally exit . luke smile . int . spinal cord ward - day selly stack empty food trays onto a cart . a cheer go up . Sally turn , see luke be wheeled back into the ward by pee wee . ( continued ) 36 . continued : the voice call , " get you bath , luke ? " " Lotte improvement since you leave ! " " thing be really change , baby ! " etc . as Sally watch , luke respond in kind . he be among brother , ext . VA hospital parking lot - day vi be walk she brother , bill , across the parking lot . he wear the regulation outfit issue to psychiatric patient . he be young , tall and slender , with long blond hair and pale blue eye .. he be rapping excitedly . bill like , sis , listen , I flashed this morning , maybe I be depressed because E be get back bad karma , so I decide I be go to try for one whole day , I be gonna smile at everyone I meet . at first , most people be suspicious , like about sixty - forty negative feedback . but then it start to change . the sun get higher . I get higher because people be smile beck ... they pass Sally , stand by the EL camino , hood up . billi flash a smile which Sally return spontaneously before she seas v1 . . VI hey , Sally . my brother , Bill . : sally hi , Bill . hey , vi , do you have a jumper cable ~- my battery be dead again . vi sure . soon as I turn this nut case '' in . Doctor Ring ! vi yell across to doctor ring , Korean Chief of psychiatry . he leave a group of zombie-like veteran , start toward . Bill and vi . bill {at Ring ) I can smile hate for that incompetent asshole and say twice as much as if I be talk . Sally laugh , exchange a tolerant grin with vi. ( continued ) i 52 37 - continued : bill you two just do it . you smile at Sally , ' see what I have to put up with ? 's and she smile back at you , ' he 's harmless . 's sis , do you see what happen ? Sally and I just have a whole conversation in smile contact . . VI be you on upper ? Bill smile at Dr. Ring , then lean he hand against the wall and spread he leg like a street arrest . dr . ring ( laugh ) ' how about a game of chess , Bill ? Bill follow Dr. Ring toward the group without look back . selly and vi exchange a smile which say more than word coulé , cross back to Sally 's car . VI so you just meet my brother ... sally he seem happy enough — in a good mood . VI sure -~ he 's a miracle of modern medicine ... what 's with you hot roa ? . sally same old shit . VI ai not that the truth ... ext , patio ~ beach house ~ late afternoon vi sip on a beer as Sally read aloud a letter she have write to Bob . sally '... and as much as I care for you mother I really feel I would be happier stay in California . the place I find be small , yet it 's just perfect for I . ( more ) ( continued ) 52 ~~ 53 leg . continued : int . physical therapy room - day 38 . sally ( cont 'd ) I miss you terribly , but I have be spend a lot of time with vi , we be get along great , so you do not have to be concerned about I be alone . also the work at the hospital keep I busy and I have love it , it feel like I be do . - something worthwhile with my time . 's ‘( she turn to vi ) and then there 's a real sexy ' goodbye ! and then ' Love , Sally . 's VI : . Nice letter . : . : sally thanks . vI . but you do not tell he the house you rent be at the beach . sally I know . VI and you do not tell he you baught a new car . sally oh , my God , be you kid ? Bob have never let I make 2a decision like that , he would come unglue . he 's get enough problem where he be , I do not want to add to they ... at least he will be happy it 's a porsche , I hope ... . VI I see ... it 's still a nice letter . ( light a joint ) I get one from dink this morning . all he say be ' get you another ear today . ' poetic , huh ? close shot - of physical therapist PAT , stretch luke 's luke lie on he stomach on a therapy bench . Pat be intense , involved in he work , as he exercise muscle luke can not use on he own . ( continued ) sa aet ap lopt SE int . spinal cord ward - day luke be on he gurney talk to Sally as she make room for a addicional two ad atong one wall . _ she move trash seeele luke a Captain ? you be marry to a Captain ? . sally ( smile at reaction ) that 's right .... what be you ? luke sergeant ... - sally well , @ sergeant have a lot of responsibility . luke 7 ( sarcastic ) . ' sure ... they send I the stripe when I be on the hospital ship .... my reward ... sally |. . I do not think that 's anything to be so cynical about . luke why. be not you out on the golf course , Bender ? what the hell be you do here ? : sally ( push bed ) I guess I want to keep busy -- 7 help out if I could . I do not want to just sit around and ... luke ( interrupt ) yeah , maybe it give you something to talk about with the lady each evening -- down a couple of cognac and belch out horseshit about the good deed you do for the poor gimp ... ( continued ) nav beatae 524 CEM ee continued : Sally , take aback by luke 's derision , stand for a . moment look at he , glance around at the other 523 alin oes -. . se of a be in the ward , ibe sit un ite elge of a bed . sally ( quietly ) I do not deserve that , tuke -- . at all . luke -.. or ’maybe you be just get ready for you husband to get ship back in a bag ... luke turn away , push the gurney out the door . Sally stay on the bed for a beat , then rise , go after he . int . spinal cord corridor - day Sally catch up with luke as he move through '' the hallway . sally I want you to stop and listen to I , luke . . he keep go . Sally reach out , hold the rear of the gurney , hold he back . ile stvuggle with the cane , can not get anywhere , give up . sally 1 ( stand behind he , : hold gurney ) . I do not know what you problem be , I would not even pretend to know ... but from what L have see of you , luke , you head be screw up more than you body . I guess you " have get you reason , and maybe they ' be '' valida -- I do not know -- ( she push gurney away I just think you be a bastard for what you say .. Sally turn , start back . tule on a gurney , a sheet over hin . the sheet over the quad 's head , ( contlnged ) revised 1/18/77 38¢. 52b 52 '' continued : luke ney , Bender ! ( she stop , turn ) run this cat down to the morgue , huh ? Sally stare at he , then disappear around a corner . luke watch she go , while the quad try desperately to blow the sheet off he head . luke turn , flip the sheet back , move down the corridor . _ int . bowel and bath care - day Sally wheel a para on a gurney into a large room fill with other . gurmey . all the man be on they back . she take a number from a hook as they énter and hand it to the para . she go to the other side of the room where man have be bring out of the bath section and be wait to be dry . as she start to ary the first man , we can see that it be hard for she , that the total impact of the man 's helplessness , the scarcity of train personnel , the endless line and indignity the patien ? ~ must suffer be devastating . wf 53 55 39 . continued : PAT you know Mills , the new kid in you ward ? luke I have see he ... PAT that doctor ' put the poor guy in such anfuck downer -~ tell he to forget about wear clothes any more -- Said he would spend the rest of he life in bed . Christ , I could have have he in a chair in a month , now it will take six -- fuck doctor ... we now reveal , in the b.g. , line of man wait for turn on the sparse equipment the hospital provide . the pa - tient in line for Pat shout at luke , half angrily , half in jest : " Jesus Christ , you be not the only one here , Martin ! " " you guy get marry ? " " kiss he on the lip , martini " , etc . ext . v.a. hospital ground - day the grounds ere quiet . a tractor pull a trailer de - sign to transport gurney and wheelchair stop in front of the hydro - therapy building . Sally hop off the trail - er , the driver lower a ramp and help Sally roll denny , a elghteen - year - old quad , down to the ground . the driver wait in the tractor as Sally push the gurney into the building . int . hydro - therapy room - day we follow Sally into the room and reveal paras , quad and amputee jamme against the wall , wait for treatment in the therapy pool . the pool be also crowded . ' two therapist be in cherge , one operate the hoist which raise and lower quad , the other in trunk , work in the knee - deep water . Sally wheel denny to the end of one line , circle the pool to head for a aging man on a@ gurney who wait to be return to the ward . she slow as she near luke , in the pool with Virgil . at the side in line , be bozo , dewey , hiram and pepe . bozo be talk with a amputee from nam , gordon . . bozo it show they do not respect I , stick I in line -- they just do not give a damn ... ( continued ) 4a. 55 continued : gordon do not give I that shit , you wait in line in the fuck Army ! bozo why do not they put in another pool ? Sally stop to listen , stand in front of superslope , slouched alone and silent against the tile wall . gordon Christ , they do not have that kind of money . dewey they have it for air strike I call in ! gordon that 's the military , not the VA , Jesus ! luke some fuck budget . it 's a matter of priority ... gordon be you sure ? luke Hell yes -~ the military lay pressure down for anything they - want , but we be about as much use to they as a burn - out tank ... hiram ( angere ) that 's bullshit , Martin , you goddam whiner ! you meke I sick . luke meybe so , pop , but you be from a different war . you know , I have not be contact once by the Marines since I have be on my ass ... always faithful , horseshit ! pepe I be a draftee ~-- we be never faithfal ... gordon : I think you guy would biteh about anything . ( continued ) 56 continued : { ( 2 ) luke shit ! bozo say it , 'we be not respected ' , and that hurt , man . it hurt and it piss I off . fuck ' semper fidelis 's ! sally nmove closer ) Christ , luke ! my God , I have have ' enlough contact with the Corps to know that 's not true . luke yl . 55 then why do they turn they back on what 's go down in place like this ? sally I do not think they know ! dewey they know what they want to know . bozo they could sure ask if they could help , or if there 's anything we want . , . that would meke a difference . luke , right on , brother , anybody put a chaplain ! pepe ( withdraw from conversation ; lock into therapy pool ) you know , every time I go into '' that pool I get a hard on ... Sally turn and head for the old man 's gurney , wheel he out . the man start to rib fepe . int . spinal cord ward ~ day closeup on luke . he be move as he speak . camera pull back slowly . luke -' Sports model ... she 's beautiful wwe + be not too old either ... Young and tender , man , just what I like lot of speed , .. back in the saddle .-. hot stuff ... ( continued ) 56 57 he . continued : we see that he be transfer from he bed to a wheelchair . Pat stand nearby . luke ( settles in , excited ) Son of a bitch ! luke do a wheelie , the chair tip , Pat catch it . - : PAT hey , man , wait a few minute before you get into that kinda shit , huh ? luke grin at he and tear off through the ward . int . sally beach house ~ live room ~ night . selly and vi , stone , smoking grass , Sally sit on a chair , vi stand behind she , blow - drying Sally 's freshly wash hair into a frizzy style . VI -+» and I never know what he 's gonna do next , y'know ? one day he will not stop jabber and the next he act like he spend the night with he head in the toilet -+. I do not know , babe ... sometimes I have dream about he , like it 's old time , we be laugh and have a hell of a time -~ and then I wake up . ( step back , check Sally 's hair ) ~-. it get a old , beat - up shirt that would look great on you ... ( resume drying ) that 's when I miss dink ~- I never even realize it ... he 's a lot more to I than a roll in the sack , y'know ? I really feel lonely now -- scared 2 lot too . I just do not want he to get totale , that would probably finish I . ( step back ) well , what do you think ? Sally take a toke as she head for the bathroom mirror . wo will 43 . ext . VA hospital ground ~ day a hand - paint sign be stretch above the entrance to the veteran 's administration read JULY FOURTH handicapped olympics = public welcome . the camera follows a car as it drive through the entrance , revealing as we go ; picnic bench line up next to a " Jack - in - the - box " hamburger catering set-up , a patriotically decorate speaker 's stand , empty except for a microphone , a " good humor " ice cream truck , and a wheelchair football game that be in progress . as the car make a u-turn , we see that most all of the spectator strung along the sideline of the field be patient , many of whom watch from gurney and wheel - chair . a few of the patient 's family be present , even fewer of the hospitel staff . the car make its way back to the speaker 's stand . a couple in they sixty get out , the mean wear en american legion hat and jacket . they g0 to the trunk of the car , take out two cardboard box fill with gold plastic trophy and set they on the cand , the man check he watch , then he and he wife stroll back to watch the football game . exd . football game ~ day Virgil and superslope play announcer and color man over a loudspeaker set - up , the team ere a assortment of paras , eld and young , long -haire and short -haire , agile and clumsy . some be bedeck in outlandish counter - culture garb , other in football jersey , other in tee shirt . luke 4s play halfback on the freewheelers , a team that include bozo , pepe , dewey and other we can recognize from they ward . they be distinguished by green crepe paper wrap eround they wheelchair . superslope be holler into the microphone ... superslope . I want a field goal ! can not you moron kick a field goal ? virgil ( jabbing he ) cool it ! you be one insensitive dude , manl . superslope field goal ! field goall Sally , she hair natural and frizzy , 1s on the sideline lead cheer for luke 's team . vi be there with billi , who hold a guitar at he side and appear withdraw . the geme be raugh , each team eager to win . Pat , the physical therapist , act as referee . he 1s keep busy break up squabble , righting wheelchair and try toa keep the game from become a paraplegic gang fight . the game will be dramatize in montage fashion , 's such as : ( continued ) dialogue for virgil / superslope scene 59 ; by alia football commentary 1/20/77 superslope I want a field goal ! can not you moron kick a field goal ? virgil ( jabbing he ) cool it ! - you be one insensitive dude , man ! : . superslope field goal ! field goal ! virgil we be still work on a scoreless tie here , folk -- freewheeler 0 , chaircharger 0. superslope . ai not no runnin ' , man ! can not have scorin ' without runnin 's you need footwork , keep that enee high a 's we will see , some jukin a ' jivin ' a ' fakin ' a ' heavy endzone action ! cleer at woman ) ... - a ' speakin ' of scorin ' ~- I would like to lob 2 pass at any of you lady who dig timber ... virgil superslope : we be on the air , man ... superslope yeah .... ( see Bill run across field ) aiyeee ! crazy loony loose on the gridiron : escape from he cage ! tackle that man ! * shoot he : back to the madhouse , you maniac : . ( see Bill with Sally ) she 's mine ! stay away from she with you deprave mind ! he 's rabid , Sally -- a rabid lunatic ! virgil how about just stick to the game , huh ? superslope game ? you call this a game , dummy ? ( continued ) veirg lif sulton omye verb aieuee virgil I certainly do -- it 's more than a game to that man that be play ... superslope just rollin’ around bumpin’ each other , man ... virgil it have a , importance to they ... hey ! Nice pass : that 's a gain of twelve yard ...° superslope who care ? ( see luke onto field ) oh , look at this : a big , mean white man 's decide to play -- gonna be trouble in the turf , gut on the grass -- that man be a grumpy mothah , man ... virgil luke Martin replace Alex dowdell for the freewheeler . suberslope Martin hes be plague with a bad knee , but the trainer 's have ... virgil ( cut he off ) superslope ! ease off , huh man ? superslope --. and he be also hamper by a pulle ? .groin muscle .... can ' t be too bir cs a injury , knowin ' Martin ... virgil c'mon , can not you give the fellow a little encouragement , man ? superslope sure , baby -- sure ! ( sing ) fight on , you man in chair , playin 's football , can not climb stair . throwin ' pass , goal line stand , . never gonna make it in a marchin ' band . Ban head , crashin ' like shit , you a go , to heaven , but you chair will not fit . ole , man : virgil you be a sentimental little gook , man .. ( continued ) '' yu vrbo ou ou UT lug 3 . superslope ( see Sally lead cheer ) yi ! that mama can check I for termite any time , man ... virgil watch the game ! superslope I be watchin’ my game , man -- papa 's watchin ' mama workin’ out ! cos virgil Martin take 's the pass -- he 's in the clear ! there he go ! superslope let. he go man ... wirgl 2 no £ 9 he 's at the g0 , 45 , 40.7 hat 6 " superslope 's get : off you ass , Martin : virgil 30 , 25 , 20 ... superslope ( look at Sally ) would she marry a Buddhist , man ? virgil '' 10 , 5 , touchdown !! superslope if t could get she in my hootch , she would convert , man . virgil freewheeler 6 , chaircharger 0 ! _ superslope that tomato hes leg like a redwood , man -- leg like a redwood ... i revised 1/21/77 p.a , anncuncer's dialogue ( harris ) scene 60 -62 JULY FOURTH picnic 1/21/77 Harris be on the speaker 's stand , a table line with trophy beside he . his wife , marge , sit to the rear . harris before I announce any of we upcoming event , I just want to express my thanks to that hoy that play football -- that be a heckuva game ! you talk about you american spirit , a show of grit and determination , I see it all out there on that field this afternoon . to I , there be no better way to celebrate we Nation 's independence than through the courage of you young man . also , I would like to thank the veteran 's administration for give we this day , and for provide we with 2 schedule of non-stop competition . we will be start off with the track and field event , and any of you boy that be interested in compete , you just run 's down Pat Miller , he will sign you up . I do want to caution you all to steer clear of the javelin , discus and shot put area , keep you eye open and practice ' safety first . ' ( he turn ) . marge , do you have the program ? . ( she rise , hand it to he ) thank you . later in the day , marge will be conduct the old bingo game , you *o not want to miss that : ( read program , marge leave stand ) after the. field event , we will have the wheelchair slalom , six volt . directly follow thet , we will have the grand slalom , and that , friend , will be the big one , twelve volt ? read ) I want you all to be sure and drop by the weight lift competition , I think you will be astound at what some of this youngster can do . we will have the final come up very soon in the archery tournement , and , from what I have see , we have get a flock of Robin hoods on hand today , believe I . ( marge come up , hand he note ) aha ! Gordon dickson be challenging all comer at the ping pong table -- he will take anybody on -- one at a time --.two : at a time , it do not matter to hin , 's old gordy be a whiz with that paddle . ( continued ) iarris dialog - continued : . 2. 1/21/77 ~ harris ( look off ) it look to I like Larry schneider be whomping everybody 's butt over there in horseshoe . he take all the honors last year . darn it , I want somebody to get on over and give that fella some competition ! c'mon , you soldier , fall in around the horseshoe , give that man a run for he money : : ( read program ) we have get 4 couple of favorite in the wheelchair sprint , jimny marble and Rod mcclennan . they be the speedster all right , go like grease lighten in that chair . ( marge hand he another note ) oh , listen to this ! Jeffrey field take two out of three game from gordy at ping pong : what a upset , folk , gordy — must be slowin’ down . ( read ) oe ; in the half - mile , I just gotta think it 's a wide open field , and any of you lad that have strong arm and faith in ' you wind , why do not you go ahead and enter , you may - just come away a winner . I do have some bad news , friend -~ in spite of last minute attempt by the veteran 's ~ administration and myself , the Fire Department have say absolutely no firework . t know we have they on the schedule , and I be sorry to disappoint you , but the boy in blue know best . before we hand out the trophy for the athletic 's contest , I want to announce the winner in the v.a. Hospital 's essay Contest . the man be give the subject , ' what July . fourth means to mo , and ask to express theiz thought in essay form . well , let I tell you , I spend a few sleepless night before I could come up with a winner , they be all just first -rate , but , I finally have to settle on a doozie , by none other than Willie mason ! come on up here , Willie : darn it , you be the winner ! get on up here ! I be not go to read it ! yes sir : Willie malone 's essay on ' what July fourth means to I ' take first place and you be go to hear it straight from Willie ! willie malone' speech scene 62 - 1/20/77 willie 's " what July fourth mean to I . ' I guess the first thing I remember be when I be a kid -- my folk would take we all down to the park . the whole town would turn out . that be a little place in Eastern Oregon call Baker . it use to be a pretty busy town back then. , do a lot of gold mining and jumbering . my father be a rancher . it be not much now , the mine have close and the tree be not what they use to be , but I remember it like it be . seem like my mother spend day cooking for the picnic , and around about July - first , - my 'pa 's mind would start wanderin ' and he would not give a damn about the cattle , that get we kid pretty excited , lookin ' forward to all that food and the skyrocket and all . at the park , they would have flag flyin ' and game of chance , kissing booth and wrestle match . but let I tell you , no matter what they have there to keep I busy , that day be always too long for I . I want the sun to go down , ' cause when it get dark , th. band would pley the star spangle bes ner and the firework would start up . 1 no just lie back on the grass and watch they thing explode , and I would start thinkin ' about how brave that man be that fight in the Revolution . I would dream about that man , how they go to war for we freedom . I guess that 's when I decide to be a soldier , lie in the grass see the sky light up with that rocket , hearing that music . I enlist when I become of age , I serve in Europe in World War 11 and be involved in the . liberation of dozen of town . as I pass through they , as I see the face of the people , I realize I have fulfil my dream , I have become one of that man who have go to war for freedom . anyway , I sure wound up do what I want to , and that 's what freedom mean , and that 's what July fourth mean to I . 60 yy continued ; player scramble for fumble ball . a complete pass . crunch block between the linemen . Sally cheer . quarterback be throw for loss . superslope and Virgil , commentary . luke make a five yard gain . Pat check a fall para 's leg . Bill and vii watch . luke take a short pass and break loose for a long run and a touchdown . game finish , freewheeler win , fan come onto field , congratulate player . ex ?. foot : ball field - day vi run to hug breathless Sally . vI you be terrific ! ally be I ? I be scared to death — I think I be make a fool out of myself ... luke ( 0.s. ) hey , benderl Sally turn . luke approach , bang up and sweat . luke I see you out of the corner of my eye a few time , remind I of the old day . sally I use to be better . " luke so do i. sally I be sorry . that be dumb . luke it 's true . time take its toll . can I buy you lady a hamburger ? sally sure ... luke , this be vi ... ( continued ) 45 . 60 continued : VI . ( shake hand ) luke , the Duke , right ? luke right . Nice to meet you , vi. VI ( turn , pull Bill * ever ) luke , this be my brother Bill , he 's a inmate in L - 1 . Bill and luke exchange a soul- brother handshake . luke ' how're you do , Bill ? bill pretty good ... a little tired ... luke then let 's eat , that will help . as they move toward the Jack -in - the - box stand , we hear over a loudspeaker ... PA announcer come up , we have the wheelchair slalom , six volt . directly follow that event , we will have the grand slalom , and that , friend , will be the big one , twelve volt . 61 picnic table - afternoon Sally , vi and luke have finish eat . Bill have only have . a few french fries . the loudspeaker continue to announce various event , some can be see in the b.g. , such as archery , javelin , shot put , discus . . luke not too hungry , huh ? bill no ... luke they hit you pretty heavy with med in L - 1 , do not they ? ( continued ) Le 61 62 63 46 . continued : bill os . oh , just selzine , melereau , sperine , quaalude ... chloralhydrate too ... sometimes a little thorazine 's what you need ... luke turn , give Sally a long look ... : luke happy fourth of July ... ext . speaker' stand - dusk the man in the american leglon outfit , harris , 1s on the stand . he be address a gather of paras and quad . harris ».. and I be sure I speak for my colleague when I say this have be a eye-cpener and a real boost to my spirit . on the land , on the sea or in the air , in the end it 's go to be technological superiority that 's go to prevail . ext . VA ground — dusk a corner of the grounds . selly , vi , Bill be sit on the grass . luke be in he cheir , hold a sparkler and a joint . Harris can be heard in the distance . harris ( over loudspeaker ) «-- and when 41t come to technology , America simply can not be beat ... . the speech continue . luke pass the joint to vi and Sally , light another sparkler . Bill be awkwardly strumm on he guitar . vi put she hand on he shoulder ... VI feel like play you song for we ? J . bill I can not ... my finger ... luke '' to my ass . play you song . ( continued ) 63 47 . continued : bdll look up at luke , then . back to the guitar . bill I will try ... Bill pick at the guitar , Sally hand the joint back to luke as he light another sparkler . bill ' ( sing , have trouble , play badly ) what 1s tomorrow , what be it we . need ? '' what will it give we , a new life we can lead ? will the wind crack the limb , of a few die tree ? or will the branch unite , and bend in the breeze ? tomorrow be hope , for it be something I have not see , tomorrow be unknown , a day to live in a sunny dream ... ee . shit ! he crop he guitar to the ground and begin to.sob . vi move to he , hold she brother ... VI hey , c'mon , babe ... it be pretty good ... Hell , it be very good .. , bill I can not play -- my fuck guitar ... luke ( move to Bill ) help I out of this thing ... . luke raise up with he arm and Sally and vi ease he to the ground . luke grab Bill 's shoulder , hang on ... luke ( to Sally ) get behind I , would you ? I need some support ... Sally sit behind luke , she back to he . luke put a arm around Bill . luke okay , man ... I know it feel like shit ... you lose something you have , man ... it feel like shit ... ( continued ) 63 64 48 . continued : ( 2 ) Bill . continue to sob as luke silently hold and rock he . american legion speech continue in background . Sally turn , look at Bill and luke , then glance to vi . int . officer 's wive club - day the editorial staff of the owc hostess be consider two photo layout pin to a large bulletin board . one feature Officer - son Little League activity , the other pose condition at the VA . the overcrowd , man line up outside the carwash , wait to be dry , wall , water - mark from break window , etc . bozo , luke , Virgil and superslope , and dewey sit near the photo on display . Sally be talk . of sally . I think we would use quote from the man themselves for caption and really . do something interesting for a change . maybe it would do some good . get a few volunteer . Cathy chair the meeting . martha vickery , sixtyish , blue - dyed hair , 2a Colonel 's wife , study the picture , speak with she back to the other . martha : be that we function ? sally if anyone should be concerned with veteran . martha of course we be concerned but there be establish veteran ' channel ... ( turn now , smile ) I just want to say I respect this young man for come but -- well , '' in my experience -- most cripple do not have they courage and might even resent be hold up as object of pity ... . ( avoid they eye ) be not that so ? bozo in my experience most cripple —- especially viet nam vet -- resent be hide like skeleton in the closet and ... ( continued ) 64 65 continued : 49 . martha May I interrupt ? bozo you already have . martha there 's a certain self - pity about . some of the boy from viet nam that get my dender up . I must say . '' especially when they . start blame they own country instead of the enemy ... superslope you make it easy , blue-head . dialogue ts overlap during reaction to martha ... dewey oh Jesus ... sally I do not think that 's fair at all , Mrs. vickery ... luke ( point to the picture ) be that why we be ignore ? tell I , be that why you turn you back on the pain to write about a Little League ? martha turn to leave . luke can you tell I wny you would rather write about a fuck home run than a home where man live in they own shit ? forgotten by the asshole that put then there ! ext . officer ' club parking lot - afternoon the day be dark and cloudy . a VA car pull away , return bozo , dewey , Virgil and superslope to the hospital . they wave as they pass luke and Sally , argue as they struggle to fit luke 's wheelchair into the porsche speedster . : the top be down , luke be in the front seat , reach back ... ( continued ) 65 continued : du.. sally my God . my god. my god. luke that fat cunt deserve every bit of it -- they all do ! sally what do you expect ? go in there - dress like a bunch of pirate ... wheelchair will not fit . sally move you seat up . . luke I can not . sally it start ( push on chair ) sometimes a little diplomacy be helpful , I think we ... luke ( pull on chair , overlap she ) diplomacy ! you avoid the whole issue ! : nlook back ) be that thing go to fit ? to rain . Sally give up , hurry around to get in porsche . sally it 's good enough . luke it will not stay ! sally ( start car ) then hold onto the goddamn thing ! luke ( grasp wheelchair with one hand ) I know all along this would be a waste of time -- but fuck them , it do I good !!! we continue to hear they as Sally drive off in the rain ... ( continued ) 65 66 continued : 51 . ( 2 ) sally I do not know how I can face martha again ... my God ! : luke : hard to believe you be a ° cheerleader ... . sally one thing for sure , they 'il never mention it -- like the whole thing never happen . luke why would I ever listen to a captain 's wife -- Jesus !! the porsche disappear around a corner . the pean - int . beach house - dusk be ringing . luke , soak , sit in he wheelchair by the fire . Sally toss he a towel as she move to the telephone . sally ( into phone ) ~ hello ... Cathy , I can not talk .. no , I do not have a man here ... yes , he 's a very interesting man ... no — one 's here . I 'mon the tollet ...! you be grotesque ... chang up ) she 's outrageous . luke ' I be flatter ... sally she think you be sexy . : . luke you deny I be here . . sally you be . Sally cross into the kitchen . luke ( a moment , call . to she ) ' you miss a man ? ° ( continued ) 52 . 66 continued : Sally return , carry a tray with two chill marguerita , guacamole and . chip . sally sure . that 's my thing . that 's what I do . I make a good wife . luke ( take marguerita ) . I mean the bady . sally there 's . more to it than a slam - bam - thank - you-ma 'am ... luke there 's more to sex . sally I know ... luke : . I miss lie next to a woman 's - body . look at it . feeling . touch . get to know , you know , it 's important , what work for you . intimacy . that 's it . share intimacy . intimacies . ( pause ) : - do you always wear a brassiere ? Sally be acutely aware of luke stare at she . her shirt heng outside she slack , half - open to she navel , reveal - ~ ing she bra . they eye hold until it become embarrass - ing . then Sally reach up , a reflex , fasten one button on she shirt . luke even when you be alane , do not you ever take it off ? just to feel free ? look at yourself ? Sally rise , she back to luke , stare out to the sea as if look for a breath of fresh air . luke on a night like this , I think it 's barbarous . ritual , like woman bind they foot or wear veil or shave they head , or corset . or bustles ... Sally reach a important decision . she suddenly unhook the brassiere and knot she shirttail across she rib , sharply outline she breast , then turn and drop the brassiere on luke 's lap . ( continued ) 53 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) sally I be go to do a flash turn and { say ' to - da ! ' but I be just not -- oh , shit , I wear falsy -- so now you know . luckily Bob 's a leg man not a tit man . luke . that 's a crime against nature ... there be a long moment of silence as they look at each other , sally ( lower eye ) '' -- I have never be unfaithful to bob. luke would you believe I have principle about other men' wife ...? sally ( nod ) . this be all very confusing ... m '' 67 int . VA spinal cord corridor - night Doc dunbarton have fall esleep with he finger - onm the driver control , so he travel in a tight little circle . a hand come into frame , lift Doc 's finger and the wheel - chair stop . pull back to reveal luke and Sally move quietly past hin . luke + ever ride in one of this ? sally naver , luke hop on . Sally smile , climb onto luke 's lap but hold herself up , do not rest she weight on he . . luke . c'mon , sit down . sally . be it okay ? be luke - yeah , it 's great ! ( continued ) 67 ~~ 68 -~ 69 - 54 , continued : she relax and sit on he lap . he push the wheel and they take off down the corridor , skid to a stop in front of the ward door . quietly , luke push they open . . int . spinal cord —- night only the night light be on , the sound of sleep be heard as luke and Sally silently roll through the ward . Sally get off as luke pull into he cubicle . sally ( whisper ) thanks for the ride . : luke thanks for the dinner . she kiss he . the kiss last a second longer than it should and she straighten up . sally good night . I will see you tomorrow ... luke good night ... she wave es she leave the ward . ext . VA hospital - second -floor patio - day Sally be on 2a break , have coffee under a aluminum umbrella . fleta Wilson come up the step , cross to Sally . : pleta ( hand she telegram ) this just come ... Sally tighten , tentatively take the telegram . : fleta do you want I to stay ? sally ( slowly ) . ».. I do not think so ... do you mind ? fleta ( leave ) '' I will pe in my office . ( continued ) 69 70 55 - continued : Sally watch she go , take a sip of coffee , delay open it . int . hospital kitchen - vix office - day the office be a cage squeeze between the kitchen and the storeroom . vi be engulf in paperwork as Sally rush in . VI ( look up ) would you believe we eat a thousand ean of chicken noodle soup in June ? sally ( excited ) ' order from the front ! Bob and dink want we to grab the first plane we can for a week 's r&r in Hong Kong ! . VI oh my God , Hong Kong ? . sally ( show she telegram ) look , i have get to go to the bank , and get my hair do . VI wee a week ? : sally five day ! maybe you could check the airline . I think it 's already tomorrow there ... vI who do he think he be , anyhow ? give I order . Drop you life , come at once . yeach ... dinky dickie want a quickie ... fuck he , I can not go ... sally oh c'mon , vi. VI c'mon , vi , my ass . what be I suppose to do ? walk out on my '' job ? walk out on my brother ? I just can not do that ... ( continued ) 70 7 56 . continued : sally well , okay . I be go to miss you , y'know . so 's dink . VI ( she soften ; look up ) yeah . give he a kiss for I -- on the cheek . Sally smile , hug vi. ext . VA basketball court - day luke be teach two man , rivas and montgomery , how to shoot basket from a wheelchair . . luke you have get to use you forearm . arch the ball , up high . that 's it . you have get it . that be 2 helluva shot . luke grab the rebound and see Sally stand at the fence . luxe - hey , Bender , keep you eye on the ball} luke wheel around , attempt a hook shot , miss . luke ( move to fence ) damn -- I just make five in a row ! - sally ( with difficulty ) luke ... Bob 's on r&r ... . luke ( hesitates , withdraw ) well ... have a nice trip . - sally we be go to meet in ... luke ( interrupt as he . turn ) - like I say , have a nice trip . ( continued ) 71 72 73 th 57 . continued : luke start back to rivas and Montgomery . luke ( to rivas , as he wheel away ) . good one , rivas . that 's the way to hustle . . Sally stand at the fence for a beat , then leave . ext . hong kong ~ dusk Victoria peak overlook the city of Hong Kong . a taxi wind its way up the road , stop at a vantage point . Bob , wear a fu manchu moustache , get out , follow by dink . they be both in uniform , put they civvy on the fender of the cab and start to undress . bob ( look at vista ) look at that son of a bitch ! dink not a fuckin ' rice paddy in sight ! bob ( pull off pants , teaches for slack ) where do we start ? dink ( put on flower short - sleeve shirt ) anywhere ! 503 just give I ten second ... they both hurry to change into the civvy . int . hong kong airport - custom - day Sally in line at custom . dink stand on other side of glass wave , pantomime , " where 's vi ? " Sally pantomime " where 's Bob ? " both indicate they will meet inside the terminal . int . hong kong terminal ~ day dink carry Sally 's suitcase as they walk through terminal . : ( continued ) & th 75 76 77 58 . continued : sally you be sure there be not anything wrong ...? dink he 's get the room ... Jesus , five day , be that too much to ask from a broad you have invest two year in ? " sally I think she want a commitment from you , dink , she need a little security . dink do she say that ? sally I say that . dink who ask you ? she need security ? when I be up to my ass in stinking jungle , she need security ? they exit the terminal . ext . kong kong HOTEL - day dink drop Sally off in front of hotel . she head toward the entrance . int . HOTEL room ~ day Sally enter , the room be empty , Bob 's clothing scattered around . she hear the shower run , look around the room . a gin bottle , along with some schwepp , be on the dresser . Sally pour two drink . int . HOTEL bathroom ~ day Sally enter , pause in front of the shower , then hand Bob a grink through the shower curtain ... he take the drink and there be a beat of silence ... bob be voice ~.- be you Sally ? sally : be you Bob ? ( continued ) ad ys ? 17 78 continued : he fling the curtain open . sally a moustache ! bob my God , a lady !! they embrace . bob Jesus , it 's good to see you ... sally I know , I know ... be you okay ? I have miss you -- God , I have miss you so much ... bob I too , baby , I too ... ( he look . at she ) Christ , you look great ! hang on , I will be right out ... sally ( unbutton dress ) you hang on , I will be right in ! Bob grin as Sally get undress . int . HOTEL room - night Bob and Sally in bed . Bob roll over , reach into he bag and pull out carton of " Park Lane . . '' bob do not get uptight , . it ' 's grass , you can buy it on the street in nam . I think we might try it . I 'ma bit into weed . sally I love it ! I be practically a head ! vi turn I on . who turn you on ? I be afraid to tell you . bob ( light Park Lane ) the war turn I on . I wish vi would have come -- leave dink to jerk himself off ... ( continued ) 78 79 continued : 60 . sally I would not worry about dink ... tell I about you -~ what 's it like ? I want to know . God , there 's so much to talk about ... bob I do not know what it 's like . ti. only know what it be . tv show what it 's like . they do not know what it be ... . ( reach for drink ) why would you go to work in that hospital ? sally 's I want to . it keep I busy and I feel like I be really help ... bob that 's the goddamn dregs , you do not have to do that ... Sally turn to Bob , stroke he body , try to warm he ud ... sally c'mon , how " bout a little r&r ? bob + ++ that 's pretty good ... sally ummm ... bob be that how you sponge off the basket case ? . sally ( pull back , hurt ) Bob , Jesus ...! Bob say nothing , take another toke of the Park Lane . Sally look at he for a moment , then turn over , she back to he . int . VA psychiatric - day room - day Bill and vi sit on the edge of a ping pong table with no net . ( continued ) 79 80 61 . continued : VI do you remember wrestle around with dad on that old rug in the live room ? bill --. I do not think so . VI . you love 1t ... use to go into a tantrum when he would stop ... > bill yeah ... VI . - he be really a good guy . bill yeah ... do you wrestle too ? VI sure —- Il be a tiger ... how about when he first get you that bike ? you keep fall on you ass , he spend day run along behind you until you finally stay up ... bill ( vise ) I think I will just watch some tv ... vi watch as Bill sit with other patient . on a rattan couch in front of the tv . int . spinal cord ward - night at a side of the ward , Pat and johnson , a black therapist , be explain the use of forearm crutch to a group of paras in wheelchair . luke , bozo , dewey , Virgil / Super - — slope be among that listen . Johnson be demonstrate standard crutch . : PAT . ( demonstrate forearm crutch ) they have be around for a while ... Johnson and I want to give they a try ... ( motion to Johnson ) you see how that crutch do not allow any movement of the arm ? ( more ) ( continued ) 62 . 80 continued : . PAT ( cont 'd ) this ... ( motion to he own ) --» let you use you arm , be lighter , give you a hell of a lot more mobility . bozo shit , man , how many of we be ever go to get on we foot ? par I do not know , bozo . this crutch might just give some of you a better shot at it . check the way I can move ... during Pat 's speech , a intern , doctor woodward enter . speak to the man . dr . woodward ( to the group ) how be you this evening ? do the new arrival come in yet ? luke «+. fourteen . . woodward head toward bey fourteen . PAT ( tighten as he see Doctor ) +. what do you guy think ? be you interested ? johnson this dude be train not to volunteer , Pat ... . . ( point to dewey ) okey , dewey , we be go to try and get you off you ass ... as Johnson strap leg brace on dewey 's leg , Pat attaches forearm crutch to dewey . woodward go to the bed of the new patient , rudy , a quad . dr . woodward ( check chart ) how be you feel ? rudy ~-. Fine ... ( continued ) 80 63 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . woodward have you be inform of the extent of you injury ? rudy , yes , sir -- on the hospital ship . when I first wake up . they say I be a quad . I would never walk again ... . dr . woodward ( sit on corner of bed ) : 's good ... let 's just see haw be do , okay ? ~ as the Doctor probe around rudy 's body , Johnson work with dewey . Pat help out . johnson okay , brother , now what I want you to do be get you hip forward , get you arm out to the side — now push yourself out of that chair as high as you can -- get the feel of the mother ... dewey strain to lift he body , get a distance above the ' chair , hold himself , then slowly lower . he repeat the exercise as rudy speak to Dr. woodward ... rudy ~.. I think I have be get some feel in my leave arm , Doctor — ~- every now ane then ... dr . woodward ( stop examine , look up ) : it 's not you arm that have feel , it 's irritate nerve ending at the point of you lesion that be send phantom signal to you brain . you arm have no feel -~- they never will ... Pat be beginning to get angry , he nudge Johnson ... Pat ( quietly ) .-. be you listen to that son of a bitch ? ( continued ) yy 80 64 . continued : ( 3 ) johnson ( to dewey ) hey , baby , that 's great ! keep work ... ( to Pat ) I be try not to ... dr . woodward ++. you be go to have to know , and accept the truth , rudy , the damage you sustained be so severe ... PAT ( stand , interrupt ) what 's that , Doctor ? dr . woodward ( surn ) pardon ? . PAT you tell I what the truth be . T have not find it out yet ... dr . woodward the truth be that this man have lose the use of he limo and he hes to ' adjust . pat you act like he will never get out of bed . dr . woodward ( check chart ) this man have a high level injury , and most probably will not . Pat so you be say do not even try . . dr . woodward not if it 's go to be futile . Pat now that 's just the kind of shit I can not stand ! dr . woodward now hold on ... PAT ( more ) you hold on ! ( continued ) vy ; 80 81 82 65 . continued : ( 4 ) PAT ( cont 'd ) that man 's be in the ward less than two hour . you take a look at he chart and tell he he will never move . I say that 's horseshit ! dr . woodward who do you think you be talk to ? PAT I be feed up to here with people 12ke you , Doctor , and I be tired of deal with fuck asshole ! ( he spin around , address patient ) you guy keep the faith -~ do not - let this bastard keep you down ... Pat hurry out of the ward . Johnson look to dewey , other ... johnson keep work with that thing , all of you -- take care ... Johnson leave . the patient , luke include , be silent as they watch they therapist go . ~ Pov through coin - operate telescope - day pan shot reveal small bunker , peasant in field , Army barrack , sampan in river , mountain in distance . bob ( 0.s. ) you want it , you get it . eight hundred million people beyond that river . . dink ( 0.s. ) , I do not like be so fuckin’ close ... sally ( 0.s. ) it 's kind of weird -- give I goosebump . ext . hong kong mainland ~ china border ~ day Sally , Bob and dink look through telescope at the porder beyond the river . ( continued ) 82 83 continued : 66 . bob ( pull back from telescope ) you know , we should of go in there during Korea ~-- hit the big city -- the country would have be in chaos ... now it 's too late , the bastard always hold we back ... . dink like right now . bob Hell yes ! if they would let we go on the offensive ... shit , with what we have get we would be in hanoi in a ' month ... saliy , fee dink I do not know if we have get the troops for that kinda shit , man , half of them get fuck flower in they helmet ... ling lef out , try to change the subject ... sally to Bob ) let 's have one of you cigarettes ... bob good idea ... ( take out Park Lane ; look to border ) +.» that chinese be smart little bastard , though , they invent gunpowder . sally ( watch Bob light joint ) 's . and do not they invent paper , too ...? dink . they be force to , have so many asshole to wipe ... Bob break up es he inhale the smoke . ext . kowloon STREET ~- night dink drive Bob and Sally through a downtown area , teem - — ing with pedestrian . jamme with traffic , store and nightclub . a 67 . 84 int . kowloon nightclub - night ws a crowded bar . a chinese rock band play , chinese hostess dance and sit at table with various customer . rr dink and Sally be dance , Bob sit alone at a table . dink {as he dance ) listen , you can tell the kid I will marry she if you want to . . . - sally tell she yourself . dink you would say it better . sally > ' put it in write . dink C ’mon , Sally , give I a break , huh ? the music end , they start for the table . '' sally - : I be not go to do it , dink . ~ Sally sit with Bob , dink remain stand ... dink let 's try thet place across the street . bob ( look up ) yeah , okay ... sally Bob ... I would really like some time along , just you and I ... bob we can not leave dink . dink ( smile ) the hell you can not -— - I will catch up with you later ... dink leave , eager to be on he own . Bob and Sally sit in silence for a moment . Sally take a drink , then look ~ at Bob . ( continued ) 84 68 . continued : sally we need to be together , you know ... bob we be right now ... sally I do not mean a hour in some dive -~ - and I do not mean in bed . there 's something between we that I do not like , Bob ... I do not know if ' it 's you , or if it 's I ... bob ( drink , a long time to answer ) it 's not you ... God , it 's not you at all ... it 's just all that bullshit in nam ~- I can not get it out of my head ... ( look up to she ) maybe I be piss at you for sit back home play nurse while I be out in the boony get the shit scared out of I -- I do not know ... that sound pretty stupid ... sally : it do not sound stupid at all -- I think I would feel the same way ... bob what you can see be bad enough -- what you do not see ... shit , you can not even take a step ... they have get this homemade booby trap that shred you ankle ... it take two man to carry you back , more man and fuel for the medevac chopper to lift you out ... they want you ina godéamn basket , but alive ... then you be live proof of what happen when you be catch fuck around where you do not belong ... sally ; ( reach for he hend ) oh , Bob ... God ... Bob abruptly pull he hand away , look around at the * crowded bar ... a ( continued ) 84 85 86 69 . continued : ( 2 ) bob : let 's go find dink , huh ? Sally , startle at the sudden change in mood , rise to follow he out . int . spinal cord ward - day the ward be quiet . luke , bozo , dewey , Virgil / superslope , pepe and a few paras be go . Bill enter , circle the ward , go from bed to bed look for luke . as he be about to leave , degroot enter . bill ( startle , defensive ) - I be leave ... degroot ( note psychiatric garb ) can I help you ? bill no , no . I come to visit luke Martin , but I 've. get to leave . Bill hurry cut of the ward . int , administrative office - hallway - day six or seven wheelchair patient be in the hallway . a administrative officer , macdonald , be confront by the man ... : macdonald I be aware of you problem , and let I tell you , man , we have plenty of we own . the man react to this , shout at macdonald . luke hold up he hand to quiet they . luke goddammit , let 's try and be . reasonable . we spend hour in that ward , bitching with each other , get nowhere . all we want be to be hear . dewey + . the few good people you have work here be split , man , they can not handle it either ! - ( continued ) 86 87 88 70 . continued : macdonald if you want to present a list of specific grievance , fine . submit it through the proper channel . luke why in the hell can not we . just sit down and talk to the administrator , the doctor , the whole fuck staff ? we could let you know where we be at , how we feel ... macdonald I be afraid town meeting be not a part of VA policy , it 's out of the question . you man get it . down on paper , you cen turn it a to my office . macdonald go into he office . the man sit quietly for @ bett , then react angrily as they leave . ex® , aberdeen waterfront - hong kong '- dawn Bob and Sally run along a sidewalk past small hut , chinese shop , and moor junk . Sally be breathe hard , push herself to keep up with Bob . sally Bob -- I can not -- I be through ... bob keep go . . sally ( slow ) I can not ... bob ( slow , look back ) you can ] keep it up ! come on ! run -- run -— run ! Sally , gasp for air , do not give up , continue to run . she finally break through the pain and begin to pull even with bob. int . HOTEL room - day Sally and Bob lie on the bed . the remain of a room service meal be on a cart in the middle of the room . ( continued ) 88 continued : bob how come a nice girl like you marry a slob like I ? sally you be my kind of slob . . bob straight now -- would you of marry I if I be not a Marine ? sally what be you talk about ? bob the Marine Corps . I do not know - aif I can sweat it anymore ... sally God , that 's you , Bob . it 's you whole life ... bob maybe --. who know ? the whole fuck Corps structure be change . two -third of my outfit be black or mexican . some filipinos . / fuck it , I respect they more than the white college kid tnet be beat the draft . we be not the elite , we be not even equal anymore ... all of we gear be hand - me-down . the slope Marines get the new weapon . what they do not abandon when they run , they sell on the black market or to the VC ... . sally I wish you do not have to go back . bob well , what I have be think about , I want it to be different for we after this . I want a better kind of life . with kid ... sally I too . bob --. and a real home . I would like to go back to school . I have a fairly good mind once . TI would not want to fuck that up for we ... ( continued ) 71 . 88 89 90 72 . continued : ( 2 ) sally I be scared to lose you now ... Bob get off the bed , sit in a chair by the window . int . spinal cord ward - morning - the wheelchair patient of the ward be busily prepare to leave . stash whatever they can in they chair : jacket , sweater , radio , Virgil put the set of forearm erutch and leg brace in he chair along with superslope . there 1s a feel of euphoria as they ready themselves . dewey ( to luke ) +e -. just like go out on patrol ... luke do not remind I ... ( turn to man ) all set ? the man nod . as they group near the doorway , they get a send - off from man who remain that support they : " give ‘em hell ! " , " do not give ini " , rory 's electronic voice be beard , " I will be praying for you , luke " , '' kick they ass for I ! " etc. , etc . the antis , hiram , older vet , some young cone , elso yell : " you goddamn crybaby ! " " you will wind up in the brigi " " do not come back ! I " , etc . int . spinal cord hallway - morning as luke lead the way into the corridor , we see nurse degroot run to a utility closet . peewee , Doc dunbarton , and corrine be by the open door . degroot ( arrive at closet ) who be it ? corrine a looney from l-l ... as degroot look in , the parade of pare approach ... luke stop , look inside , see Bill curl in a corner of the closet , dead . luke ( recognize Bill ) Jesus ... ( continued ) 90 73 . continued : degroot ( cheek body ) he 's go -~ look like a o.d .... luke ( back away ) fuck ...! this fuck ... ( to paras ) let 's go goddamit ! let 's fuck go luke push himself violently down the corridor , follow by the rest of the man . other group of demonstrator join they from other ward . ext . hong kong airport - kowloon —- day Sally stane outside the terminal with dink and Bob . _ Bob prod dink with a elbow . bob . hey , sarge , would you momentarily «-. ahh , fuck off . bink 's hesitates , then reach in he pocket for a ‘envelope , hand it to Sally ... dink uh , look ... I try call the kid , she be not home -- so I put it in write . give it to she for I , huh ? sally ( take letter ) be glad to , dink ... dink smile , leave . Bob hold Sally ... sally we have say 1t 211 , I guess ... bob I guess . sally take good care , will you ? bob ( he pull back , look at she ) soe I will try ... he turn , run after dink and disappear into the airport crowd as Sally look after he . 93 74 . ext . VA hospital administration build - night the light be on in the window of the ground floor . out ~ side , a small crowd be beginning to gather along with two VA security patrol car . a sheriff 's car pull up , a deputy get out . deputy ( to VA security man ) : what the hell 's go on ? security man the goddamn paraplegic ... they be hold jeffries and macdonald inside . we will just wait them out , they can not last long ... ind , administration build - night the door at either end of the hallway be barricade with desk , macdonald and jeffries , a assistant @irector , stand in the hall , talk to luke and some other paras . macdonald I just can not see what you hope to gain by this -- it 's lunacy , pure lunacy ... luke maybe to you , not to we ... dewey wheel up with a lap pile high with telephone . dewey ( hand one to macdonald ) wanta call mama , man ? tell she you will be a little late to dinner ? ( turn to jeffries ) you -- you look like a rich dude , maybe call the Red Cross for some coffee and doughnut ? ( drop the phone , push the rest off he lap to the floor ) fuck it -- no personal calis tonight ... Virgil and superslope roll up to the two administrator . superslope cut off they head ! cut off they head ! . virgil hey , man , this 1s a peaceful demonstration ! ( continued ) 95 75 . '' '' continued : deffry and macdonald avoid superslope 's pierce eye . superslope ( to Virgil ) I know that , dummy ... ( back to jeffries and macdonald } cut off they head ! cut off they head ! gy effries and macdonald begin to get a little nervous . — XP , alley ~ sally beach house - day ei a taxi drop off Sally . she start into she house . notice vi 's van , leave she suitcase on the step and pull the . letter from she pockst as she hurry to vit . she knock ; no answer , Sally try the door ; it 1s open ; she go on in . int . vix apartment - day the apartment be 2 mess . Bill 's photograph be tear from the wall and strewn all over the floor . Sally enter , eross to vi who lie sprawle on the bed with she clothes on , asleep . Sally smooth vi 's matte hair . vi ewaken ... sally vi , it 's I -- what happen ? vi ( grogey , drunk ) gotta pee ... vi stumble into the bathroom . Sally look eround the room , straighten the bed . vi yell 0.s. : VI ( 0.s. ) stupid little motherfucker waste himself , d' you hear ? sally ( stand ) --- ball ?... vi reappear . VI Big fuck relief if you want to know ... Sally cross to vi , hold she . ( continued ) 16 . _ continued : ~ sally oh , God , vi ... I be sorry ... vI stay with I , okay ? please ... sally sure ... sure ... VI : I want to get aut of here , babe — ~ just get out of here ... ( she look at Sally ) will you wait for I ? I want to take a shower -- please wait ? sally I will be right here , vi ... go ahead , '' I will be here ... vr ( start for bathroom ) thanks , babe ... ym '' as vi leave , Sally begin to pick up the piece of the photo ... 36 ext . VA hospital administration build - day pan with corrine as she hurry down the street , carry bag of supplies toward the administration building . we see that more pelice have errive , along with a television mo ~ bile unit . a microphone be shove in front of corrine as she near the building . tv reporter be you a part of this demonstration ? corrine guess I be now ... she walk past the reporter and be stop by a security man . security man sorry , mar 'am ... corrine ~ do not give I that shit ... corrine walk right past he and bang on the front door of the building . corrine open up ! I get a sackful of enema bag ! 97 98 99 tt . int . administration build ~ day the high spirit that be present in the initial takeover have fade . the paras be subdued , some sleep in they chair , other just sit , wait . superslope be alone in he chair as Virgil work , lean against the wall , with the forearm crutch and leg brace . jeffries and macdonald sit on the floor . a gin game be break up near the front door es they react to corrine 's voice . bozo and 2 couple of other man move the desk back . bozo . , ( call to she ) . be right with you , love , just a second ! luke wheel to the door , help with the desk . the door open and the man cheer as corrine enter . luke go to the open door as corrine empty the bag on a desk . ext . VA hospital administration build - day luke appear in the doorway ... luke ( call ) send in the television crew ! the reporter and the cameramen start toward the building , be stop by security guard . : ' luke ( back into hallwey ) we will wait !... the door once again close . int . administration build - day Medical supplies , bread , fruit and carton of milk ere pass ground as corrine go from man to man , check on they need . luke talk to bozo as they push the desk back against the door . luke ( look around hallway ) I hope they can all hang on ... bozo we have get more endurance than they figure we for -- we will make it . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 78 . continued : luke yeah -~ that tv 's the key -~ the more coverage , the more people know ... bozo if they do not switch channel ... luke you mean maybe they would rather watch Lucy ... bo20 maybe ... asshole ... ext . san diego outskirt - dusk Sally 's persche turn off the freeway at the Mission Bay off - ramp . int . porsche -— dusk Sally drive , vi hold dink 's letter . VI ( sheke head ) .-- Jesus ... I just do not know how to handle a day like this ... what do I do ? Cry ? laugh ? drink ? pray ? I do not know where to start ... sally ( point off ) there 's some hotel up here - — — how about a nice quiet dinner ? : vi yeah ... okay , sound eas good as anything else ... int . VA administration build hallway ~ night : corrine play card with luke , bozo and dewey . most of the paras be asleep . the silence be break by Virgil 's shout - ing : virgil ( with forearm crutch , leg brace on , take a step ) hey ! hey !! lookit ! hey ! ( continued ) 102 103 79 . continued : superslope gaze up from the chair ; other man wake and ap - plaud as Virgil move a bit more , then teeter , lose he balance and fall . corrine hurry to he ... virgil ( on the floor ) I do it ! goddammit , I do it ! : . corrine ( bend to he ) . you keep at it , boy . I be goin ' to need some help tend to this eripple after a week or two ... Virgil be beam as corrine help he back into he chair . int , san diego HOTEL restaurant - night Sally and vi finish with dinner . vi still hold dink 's letter , v I I think I be go to say yes ... - sally ( lift weter glass toast ) . congratulation ! Mrs. mobley ... how about that ] VI gimme a short ceremony , babe , I want to get it over with ... sally what ? VI c'mon , you be the preacher ... ( turn ) waiter ! the waiter come to the table . walter yes , mar 'am ? vi stand here for a sec , okay ? ( to Sally ) this man 's stand in for dink , go ahead , marry we , you holiness ... ( continued ) 103 104 80 . continued : sally ( a beat ) uh ... vi , do you take this man to be you husband ? . VI sure thing ... sally ( to waiter ) ' and do you , dink , take this woman to be you wife ? waiter yes , mar 'am ... sally I pronounce you man and wife ... VI ( look at waiter ) that 's all . thanks a2 lot ... the waiter nod , leave . VI ( back to Sally ) Hell , that be painless -- . ( rise ) -.. now we celebrate , let 's go ... sally ( take she purse , get up I do not believe this be really heppen -- we must be drunk ... vi and Sally exit the restaurant . ext . VA hospital administration build — night | a larger crowd have congregate outside the building . '' ad - ditional VA patient have gatherec , not privy to the going ~ - on inside but shouting they support from the street .. another tv station have send a news team . a group of anti - war demonstrator hold sign and repeat a chant : " hey , hey , LBJ , how many kid do you maim today ? " additional unit of police can be see surround the building . 105 int . cocktail lounge - san diego HOTEL - night Sally and vi sit drink in the lounge . a waiter bring a bottle of champagne in a ice bucket and start to open it . sally ( to waiter ) . I be afraid there 's be some mistake ... the waiter gesture toward another table , where two well - dress man be sit , acknowledge that they send . the champagne . . '' VI ( look at man ) this be the moment of truth ... ( back to Sally ) listen , let I tell you something straight -- I never get marry before and I be sentimental . no one , not even dink , be go to keep I from have @ proper wedding night . sally - you be just a old - fashioned girl . vi very sentimental ... ( look back to man ) --- not bad . sally presentable ... vi and Sally touch they glass , turn and toast the two man . they be already rise to join the lady . 106 int . administration . build hallway - night the man be wide awake in the hallway , arouse by the sup - port from outside . luke and other be look out a win - dow near the front door . luke ( turn to other ) now 's the time -- I be go out ... dewey how do you know it 's time ? ( continued ) be .06 107 82. continued : luke ( take paper trom shirt ) because in a hour all that people might just go home and go to bed ... I be go out ... luke try to push back the desk , be help by other paras ana corrine . he ' go outside . ext . VA hospital administration build - night the crowd begin to quiet as the door open and luke ap - pear . tv newsmen and they cameramen fight they way to the doorway . luke look the situation over for a beat , then start to read from the sheet of paper . luke this letter be address to ... ( he look up ) it 's address to the Veteran administration in Washington , but we really mean it for all of you ~~ we want you to know ... nlook back to letter ) ' dear sir : conéition in this hospital , as weil as many other across the country , have become intolerable . 's the tv camera press closer . luke ' lack of adequate training for the doctor , the nurse and the administrator have have a profound negative effect on the rehabilitation process . patient morale be at a all - time low , as be ... suddenly , two security men jump up from the crowd and grab luke . other stream through the open door into the hall - way . . * luke ( reacting as they pull he back ) goddamn you ! ' security man it 's all over . cool it ! : ( continued ) y 107 108 83. continued : luke grab for one of the Security Men , lose he balance and fall from the chair , pull the man down with he . luke , from a impotent position on the ground , still at — tempt to lash out with he fist as the man restrain he . in the b.g. we can see other paras , unable to resist , be wheeled out of the building by VA security guard . the . police quickly put up a ring around the crowd to prevent violence on the outside . int . HOTEL suite ~ san diego ( mission BAY ) - night | Business chart and graph , as well as sale paraphernalia , be distribute in the suite . the door open . bruce frazier , older , aggressive , carry vi exaggeratedly across the threshold . bruce you honeymoon cottage , love . Sally and tim spence , teller , young and more reserve , laugh as they follow vi and Bruce into the sulte . the four be a bit tipsy from alcohol . Bruce put vi onto the couch , sit next to she . Tim open a bottle of champagne . sally ( look around the a '' suite ) this be bigger than ny house ... tim first class , Sally , we always go first class . vi ( in awe of suite ) what do you guy do , anyway ? bruce we be with Dow Chemical ... . VI oh , great , Dow Chemical -- ( to Tim ) I will have a little napalm on the rock . tim ( pass out champagne ) . we be into plastic , insecticide , pesticide , mainly ... VI bug killer ... ( more ) ( continued ) 108 Bay continued : VI ( cont 'd ) ( she stand , toast ) here 's to the bug killer ! May you have a long and reward life ! they all raise they glass . sally , tim , bruce , VI to the bug killer ! vi downs the champagne . Bruce riee , give she a refill as Tim and Sally sit . Bruce nuzzle vi 's ear as he pour ; she smile at he and begin to snap she finger , move she body ... VI ( push Bruce away ) have a seat for now ... Bruce sit , vi sway seductively and turn on radio . VI . ( dial , find rock music ) you guy ever be to a go - go club ? bruce ( smile ) we visit a lot of city ... vi turn she back as she slip off she dress , leave only she bikini brief ana white boot . Sally be a bit uneasy as she sip on she champagne . Bruce and Tim keep time to the tempo on various glass , bottle and tabletop . vi step onto a coffee table and go into a bored go - go num ~ ber . Tim tentatively nuzzle Sally 's ear ; she move away on the couch . vi turn stripper , pleying directly to Bruce . she slide she hand down one leg and unzip a boot , do a bump and grind , turn and take off the other . as she dance , we begin to see real pain in vi 's face . Sally sense it , can not bring herself to interrupt the dance . Bruce clap he hand and whistle as vi do a final bump , then jump from the table and disappear behind a drape as the music continue . Sally go to she ... sally ( quietly ) be you all right ? VI ( the tear start ) he have so much , Sally . goddammit , he have so much ... ( continued ) 108 109 . 85 . continued : ( 2 ) sally ( reach for she ) oh , vi ... vi move away , go to the center of the room , look at Bruce . , VI ‘( half - ery ) enough of this small talk . this be my wedding night , for christsake ... she pick up a glass of champagne , move to the bedroom door . : ( to Bruce ) okay , bug killer , it 's time . Bruce eagerly get to he foot , follow . vi into the bed - room , close the door . there be silence between Sally and Tim . she still stand by the drape , deeply effect by vi 's pain . Tim be also aware of it , sit on the couch . int . cocktail lounge - san diego HOTEL - night Sally and Tim sit at the bar , drink liqueur . tim - you be very attractive , Sally ... sally ».- thank you ... so be you , Tim ... tim I would like to spend the night with you , very much . sally ( a beat ; hard for she , take drink ) no , I can not , Tim . it 's nothing against you , I think yeu be really nice , but I want to go home alone . I be sorry , I really be . tim oh , please , do not apologize . - sally I be not apologize . I be just sorry ... ( continued ) 109 1210 1121 112 continued : Sally 's attention 1s divert by the SOUND of a tv set . luke ( v.0 . ) ( over tv ) «.. on the rehabilitation . process . patient morale be at a all - time low , as be ... she look around 's the bar , spot the tv in time to see luke fall out of he chair and fight with the security man . a announcer's voice be heard . announcer ( v.0 . ) some ' fifty veteran be involved in the take - over , other ... sally ( eye glue to the tv ) my God ... — int . spinal cord corridor - night Sally hurry into the corridor , head towerd the ward where she be stop by e security guard , mason . mason I be sorry , miss , the ward be close . sally I work here , Sally hayne . mason it 's three in the morning , miss hayne . sally ( go past he ) cf course it be . and , by the way , it 's Mrs. hayne . mason shrug as Sally enter the ward . int . spinal cord ward - night the man be asleep . Sally head for luke 's bed ; it be empty . she stand there for a beat , get a think ana go off toward the private room . near the one he be confine to earlier , she slowly open the door . int . private room - night . Sally stick she head into the room . ( continued ) 87 . 112 continued : sally ( quietly ) luke ? voice Sally ? - sally v ‘( start to enter ) oh ; luke , what ... voice this 1s bozo , luke 's next door . sally . ( stop , back out ) I be sorry , bozo ... bozo that 's okay , eny time . she close the door . 213 int . hallway ~ night Sally cross to the next private room . a sign read " no Visitors " be tack to the door . she again open the . door slowly . 114 int . private room - night the room be dark ; light leak in from the hallway . sally ( quietly ) luke ? luke ( exeited , on a high ) hey , Sally , you miss it ! it be fantastic ! the best goddamn day of my life} ! Christ , there be reporter , tv . Sally enter , close the door , turn the light on . sally ( interrupt ) - +». be you hurt ? I see on *. television ... '' ( continued ) er 114 115 88. continued : luke I be feel great ! that stupid bastard do not even have enough gut to arrest I ! you should of be there ! sally ( look around room ) where 's you chair ? luke . they take it away . they be try to lsolate I . fuck them ! Jesus , I never think it would come off so good , even people come in from the outside . we make such a fuck stink about this place , the VA be have fit ! Sally take he clothes from the closet and toss they to hin . sally shut up end put you pants on . I be go to liberate some wheel . luke ( remove gown ) Bender , you get 2 gold star ! - King sizel she start to leave the room . luke hey ! Sally stop in the doorway . luke ( motion to she bra ) what be you doin 's wear that thing again ? she smile at he , exit . ext . rear entrance - spinal cord build - night the door knab on the rear door jiggle ; the door do not budge . we hear a slide bolt be unlatched , then the door be flung open as Sally and luke make they escape . luke do a wheelie down the ramp . ( continued ) u ye 115 116 89 . continued : luke I be free} ! Sally run to keép up with hin as they both hurry toward the porsche . int . bathroom - sally beach house — dawn Water run in the tub , foam with bubble bath . Sally ' struggle with the bathroom door , reach up , try to remove the pin from the upper hinge . sally anyway , it seem to get better , I mean , at least we be able to talk some ... ( remove door , set it aside ) there , you can make it now . luke . ( move into bathroom , take off shoe ) do you like Hong Kong ? sally ( back into bathroom ) Hong Kong be unbelievable -- I 've. never see anything like it . but we relationship be a bit strain ... _ luke ( take off shirt ) I believe it -- I would believe anything that come out of nam , nunbuckle belt ) we have bigger gun , but they have whole family sit araund at night rigging booby trap . they dgo not want we there . I think they will get we out ... sally ( lean toward he ) do you want some help with you pants ? luke I be okay . why do not you just face the other way for a minute , okay ? ( continued ) 116 continued : 90 . sally '' oh , c'mon , luke . I be practically a she turn he start nurse . I know all about ... luke ( interrupt ) it 's . not so much you problem as it be mine , please ... away as luke pull off he pants . luke it 's a dumb fuck wer . we be foreigner there , Sally , . we be destroy they culture , split up they family , kill they people -- for what ? into tub . sally , you would just let the Communists take over , right ? do we just lie down and give up ? Jesus , luke . luke it should never come to that ... oops , slippery . sally ‘( start to help ) do you want ... luke ( interrupt ) no! I '11 tell you when ... * sally ( she turn . eway ) . - you sound like a idealistic seventeen -year-old . : luke you can turn around now ... ( grab edge of tub ) no balance -- I need a backrest , Roll up a towel . sally ( come to tub ) I will do it . she reach behind he , support he back . ( continued ) 116 117 continued : 91 . ( 2 ) luke I do not know . at first I try to waste every VC in sight ; I wound up offer the one we capture cigarettes and food ... I do not know — I think I be do the right thing , but I feel I be not ... some guy never do get straighten around ... sally ( soap he back with a free hand ) well ... I think a person could get " straighten around ' and still believe in what he country be do . luke I guess so , some do . not I . not now . / sally what you do at the VA , the protest , be not you fight for what you believe ? be not that a war ? in & way ? luke ( e long beat ) --. it 's that streak of John Wayne in I , sometimes I can not control it . int . beach house - live room - early morning luke sit on the beanbag chair in front of the fire . Sally sit on the floor beside he . they share a joint . . luke . «» . it get so I could not take she pity — I have to ask she not to come around . once she say , ' luke , if I could only give you my leg ...' Jesus ! I tell she , ' Mom , I do not want you goddamn leg ... ' sally | : hmmm ... my mother always want my leg ... luke ( look at she , smile ) I would say she have damn good taste ... ( continued ) 92 . 117 continued : sally sure , she have good taste , she be a lady . she do all the right thing , join the p.t.a. , chaperon the dance , cry at my wedding , she have life down to a science ... . luke that 's 'a hard way to live ... sally by the book -- I guess I follow in she footstep ... accept everything that come along with a number four smile -- there 's a different smile for every emotion , number four be the best : all - around . you use it when . you body be be wrench apart . inside . it 's great ... luke - let 's see it . Sally turn to he slowly , smile blankly at he . luke ( wince ) that 's horrible . sally ( relax ) I know -— - I be throw it out -- I be throw out the whole repertoire ... she move closer to he , lean against the beanbag . sally ( look out at the daybreak ) «+ . God , I could not tell you if it be sunrise or sunset ... luke : tire ? sally wipe out ... he reach down , touch she , softly massage she shoul - der , .. she move closer to he , put she arm around he leg and hold they tightly ... 118 119 220 93 . int . beach house - back bedroom ~— early morning the surf be heard in the distance . Sally and luke be in bed , make love . there 1s a warmth and tenderness in Sally 's love - make with luke , unlike she rough and tumble sex play with Bob . luke be intimate , caring , yet a but uncertain ... luke -.- I be not sure ... sally «+ . do not worry ... luke --. I never know ... . sally -.. you be beautiful , luke ... beautiful ... they continue to explore , caress each other ... ext . specialized auto garage - day luke be pick up a Ford Shelby fitte with hand control . . sélly , she hair frizzy and dress more casual then we heve see she , watch as luke transfer into the driver 's seat . luke you ask I what three thing shape the american character , I would say slavery , the six - shooter and the automobile ... sally where do sex come in ? luke in the back seat . int . luke's shelby ~- day luke drive , Sally look out at the ocean . luke this be great ! damn , it 's just great ! - sally ( smile , turn to he ) welcome to rush hour and traffic jam . ( continued ) 120 121 122 123 94 , continued : luke ( lean head out window , shout ) hellooc , America ! ( pull head in , turn to Sally ) they would better prepare themselves , ' cause here come luke ! int . beach house - back bedroom - day vi help Sally hang a mirror behind luke 's bed . sally he have to examine himself for bedsore , he can not feel they . they all have mirror beside they bed . vi I do not ask . int . high school auditorium - day there be scattered appleuse as a Marine Corps recruiter , in dress uniform , walk back to a seat on the stage . a gangle youth , benny , step to the microphone . benny and now , to present a different perspective , 1s luke Martin , a combat veteran of the Marine Corps . there be polite applause as luke , a peace symbol on he T-shirt , wheel to the mike . benny lower it for he . luke smile at the audience , look back to the Marine recruiter . luke ( turn to audience ) would you believe I use to look ' like that ? there be laughter from the kid . ext . high school auditorium - day luke be outside the entrance , rapping to a group of student . ( continued ) 123 124 125 95 . continued : Sally stand in the b.g. , watch . luke I be not try to tell you . what to do . I be just relate my feeling . and I want you to know that you do have a choice ! a student , ronnie , disagree with luke . . ronnie oh , yeah , leave the country or go to jail ! - luke _ that 's the last resort -- but I tell you , I would give it very serious consideration —- it 's you life , man ... ext . beach house ~ day two man , out of place in the area , stroll down the @liley and glance at Sally . she be read the mail as luke roll down a ramp that have be fitte over the front step . he stop as he see she with the letter . she look over to he ... sally it 's from Cathy . she want I to start a gossip column for the paper . ( tear letter in half ) who need that ? ( cross to luke ) how about a walk ?. luke . ( smile ) sure ... they head off down the alley . int . vix apartment - night the apartment have be fix up -- curtain , freshly paint , etc . vi , Sally and luke sit around , half - stone and giggly , eat taco and drink carta blanca . ( continued ) + 125 126 127 96 . continued : : VI ( to luke ) -+- he would call you a hippie faggot . he would hate you ... : sally dink 's definitely not you run-of - the-mill flower child , kind of rough around the edge ... VI . . yeah ... y'know , I really miss the little grunt ... luke ( raise beer ) let 's drink to dink . ~ sally ( also lift beer ) - a guy for vi. the three clink they beer can . . VI a toast to the host , not here for a beer , aefend America 's lest frontier ... ( pause ) ... if that fucker send I a ear ... Sally and luke break up as they drink thelr carta blanca . int . luke's shelby - parked - day Sally be alone in the Shelby , read . she check she watch , take a deep breath , put on a floppy hat and sunglass , take a bag from the floor end get out of the car . ext . marine base - day Sally hurry from the car to a gather of anti-war demonstrator march back and forth in front of the entrance . luke be among they , hold a sign read , '' vietnam veteran against the war . " she come to he , hand he the bag . sally here 's you lunch . ( continued ) . 127 - 128 129 97 . continued : luke good ~~ hold the sign while I eat , okay ? sally ( back away ) oh , shit , no . " luke c'mon , Bender , for Christ sake -- I can not do both ... sally . ( look around ) I have get to get back to the car ... luke on , Jesus , you mother would not even recognize you ... ( hand she the - sign ) ++ it will just be a minute ... Sally glare at luke , then pull she hat down further , take the sign , stand freeze . luke . walk around with they , you ' will blend in with the crowd . : Sally hesitates , then join the protestor as luke eat a sandwich . ext . beach house alley - late afternoon luke 's Shelby 1s park in the alley . Sally pulis she porsche into the garage , get out with a load of grocery , check the mailbox . ext . beach house porch ~ late a®ternoon luke be watch two man in business : suit walk by the house . : sally ( 0.s. ) luke ! open the door ! he wheel around , go inside . 130 131 98 . int . beach house - late afternoon luke cross to the door , open it for Sally . sally ( enter with grocery ) thanks ... | ( head toward *kitchen ) . - I get a couple of papayas , they look great ... luke follow she into the kitehen , hand she a open envelope . luke -.. a letter from Bob ... sally ( take letter ) he 's okay ! thank God ... luke I open it . he 's come home . sally be something ...? luke nothing heavy . he get shot in the foot . read it . luke look away as Sally read the letter . it be obviously terse , no more than luke have say . Sally fold it , look at luke . sally ( shudder ) I be cold . let 's build a fire . int . back bedroom ~ night Sally come into the room carry a blanket . luke be in bed . sally ' do you mind a extra blanket tonight ? luke no , it 's okay ... ( continued ) 1321 433 134 99 . continued : sally 's - be you sure ? luke I be sure . Sally spread out the blanket , adjust the bottom edge while luke straighten out the top . she get into bed , . next to luke but not touch he . they lie with they eye open , neither speak . . int . back bedroom - later ~ night luke and Sally be back to back . the blanket be muss from sleeplessness . they be both awake , unable to sleep , unable to share what they be feel . int . back bedroom - dawn early morning srey be see through the window . luke and Sally be still awake , the blanket wrinkle and half off the bed . they be motionless , luke iying on he back and Sally on she side , face away from he . after some time , luke slowly turn he head , look at she fora moment , then reach out and touch she . he move he hand along the contour of she back , she shoulder , she arm . Sally respond , turn to he . they be apart for a few moment , lightly stroking each other 's body . then luke pull she close to he , and , with a feel of urgency , they begin to make love . int . back bedroom - morning Sally awaken with the sun in she eye , disorient from lack of sleep . she turn over and sit up . luke have go . the room have be clear of all evidence of he presence except for the mirror . ext . . beach house alley ~ morning Sally , in robe , come out of the house and down the ramp . luke 's car be go . vi pass , come from the mailbox , a open letter in she hand . VI he leave early ... ( motion to letter ) dink say Bob 's come home . ( continued ) 135 136 uu . continued : sally yeah ... vI want a cup of coffee ? Sally nod , she and vi go off toward vi 's apartment . ext . AIR terminal , - day . coffins be be unload from one section of a plane , injure @ Marines come out of a forward exit . Sally stand wait for Bob . she spot he , wave , yell and run to meet he . Bob have a cane , be limping only slightly as he get off the plane . Sally grab he with a big open smile ... sally bob!it bob ( pull back , look at she ) what the hell do you do to you hair ? sally itts a natural ! how do you like 1 ? bob ( glance around , distract ) '' where 's the demonstration ? the asshole that brief we ... sally they be out at the gate , they can not get on base . . , nlead he to the porsche } what . do you think ? bob about what ? sally ( motion to car ) the speedster -~ it 's ours . Sally hand Bob the key and he grin , for a moment shaking pit the vague sense of depression which seem to preoccupy ( continued ) 137 138 139 140 102 . continued : '' bob ( as he check it out ) outstanding ! absolutely outstanding ! «.- what do we have in the bank ? sally you know I and bank statement ... they get into the car . ext . AIR terminal gate ~ day the porsche pass a small group of anti-war demonstrator . int . porsche - day Sally raise two finger in the peace sign as they pass . Bob laugh . bob would you believe I be carry a@ revolver ? some cat have grenade ... ( give peace sign ) peace on you , too , brother . ext . freeway - day Bob push the speedster to its limit as he take a cloverleaf curve up onto the freeway . int . porsche — day Sally laugh with Bob as they level out on the freeway . bob a little tail drift . sally . be drive okay for you foot ? bob . itil tell you about my foot later . I be car now ! 's he cut through traffic into the fast lane and open the gar up . saily watch curiously . ' 's 102 . 141 ext . beach house alley - day Bob pull the porsche carefully into the garage . as he get out , he look around , turn to Sally . bob be this a joke ? sally - no joke ... bob you.never tell I you be this close to the beach . sally I want it to be a surprise . - bob ( look she over , she hair , she clothes ) you be full of surprise . sally ( head for front door ) it 's the new style now -- more comfortable , too ... she lead he to the door , a bit unsure of herself and of Bob . 142 int . beach house - day the house 1s decorate with streamer and a " welcome home , bob " sign , tape to the slide glass door . vi stand wait with a tray of chill martinis . Sally open the door , stand back for Bob to see the house . - : vI welcome back , hero ! bob ( enter ) hey , vi. how you do ? VI great . how 's my husband ? she hand he a martini , kiss he . Sally enter , take a martini . bob Old dink 's do okay . whipping everybody 's ass . , . cs ( continued ) 142 . continued : 103 . sally ( put arm around Bob ) be you hungry ? bob : thirsty . powerful thirst . : VI : I make swedish meatball to ~ nibble on . they go good with drink . sally do you like the place ? . bob how 's the surf ? sally Super down by the pier . vi . tell we about you foot . : bob ( finish martini ) I be a fuck hero . I be go to get a medal -- that 's what happen to my goddem foot ... turn to vi ) how about a refill ... vi * ( head for the pitcher ) sure , I make gallon . but we still want to hear about you foot . bob well , I be run down the road on the way to the shower , nothing but a towel around my waist , with my m16 and this bandolier ... . v I ( pour he drink ) to go to the shower ? bob baby , we carry we ml6' even when we go to pee .... ( more ) ( continued ) 1k2 143 . 104 , continued : ( 2 ) bob ( cont 'd ) there I be , truck on down to the shower , plentifully fuck up on thai weed and local brew when by the grace of God I trip and fuck near shot my foot off ... VI dink coulda think of that . sally how ' do the medal fit in ? bob I be go to get decorate because the Colonel do not want the truth about fragging to come out ... VI fragging ? bob yeah , that 's kill you own officer , baby , how about that ? fuck it , where 's the head ? sally ( motion ) through the bedroom . as Bob exit , Sally and vi exchange bewilder look . Bob come back immediately . bob ( as he return ) listen , I promise to have a drink with a guy from nam at the . officer 's ciub . I will be back for dinner , okay ? Bob go out of the house , close the door on vi and Sally . ext . beach house - porch - night Sally and vi share a joint in the darkness . the tv flicker inside the house . the stone play on the stereo . they both turn as they hear hot tire and a crunch of metal . sally I think he 's home ... 144 105 . ext . beach house alley - night Bob be examine the front fender of the speedster , cave in where he hit the side of the garage . the two uniform Marines with he be laugh at he attempt to pull it straight . brick , a sergeant , be a baby - — face man with a skimpy blond moustache . dickie , a corporal , seem permanently quizzical , as though try to remember something . all three be drunk . Bob look up to see Sally and vi in the light of the car . . bob fucked up the fender ... brick ( laugh ) he say , ' it 's a fuck ambush ! ' dickie ( laugh with he ) '' booby trap the fuck garage ! ' Sally lean down to look at the fender ... - bob rey , kid , this guy be Brick and dickie , we meet on the plane . this be Sally ... and vi . Sally look up , nod ... bos you get enough ? I have to invite they -~ they be orphan ... they all think thet this be very funny . Sally rise , angry , but hold it in . : VI there 's plenty . Sally and I will not eat , that 's all . . bob she 's mobley 's girl . you know ? : brick oh , yeah ? VI you would better believe it , old buddy . brick who 's mobley ? a second car roar past the garage , the three yell and run into the alley . the car back up and park . Three more drunken Marines , 411 nco 's , climb out . ( continued ) + rr = wo y 146 a7 106 . continued : bob I do not invite they . I do not even know who they be . who be you , larkin ? this be the topper , Brick repeat it . they all be laugh . Bob put he arm around Sally . bob God 's truth , I do not invite they . you do not mind , though , they bring booze . ( turn ) do not you bring booze ? sally ( resign , turn to vi ) well , I guess we be have a party . if you get a pizza , I will make a salad . int . beach house - night Sally be make 2 salad . Bob , dickie and two other be on the perch drink and laugh . Brick have pass out in front of the fire . buddy , a very young Marine , stand watch Sally . buddy I appreciate this , mar 'am . I wish you would let I do something ... : sally start wash glass , we be run out . buddy start wash . vi arrive with the pizza . int . beach house ~ live room - later - night the music 's have stop , the dish be stack in the kitchen and the Marines have go . Sally be alone in the live room , angrily tear down the streamer from the ceiling . she throw they away , end she anger turn to deep hurt as she slowly take dow the " welcome Home " sign . near tear , she fold it up and put it into the trash . int . beach house ~ front bedroom - night Bob be in bed , he clothes scattered across the floor . ( continued ) 47 ~ 148 150 107 . continued : Sally enter . sally ( want to talk ) be you asleep ? Bob grunt , turn over . Sally dump he clothes in the hamper , sit on the side of the bed , look at Bob . she lean over to straighten the cover , stop abruptly when she see a pistol under he pillow . she draw back , feel frighten and alone . Sally rise , start to undress , unable to take she eye off of Bob . ext . bayview apartment ~ day a modest apartment building . Sally drive up , park in . front . she get out of the porsche carry luke 's mirror , enter building . ext . apartment pool area ~- day Sally walk through , khock on the door of a ground floor anertment . luke open the door . luke ( surprised ) : hey , how're you do ? ( roll beck ) c'mon in . ~ ° sally you forget you mirror ... luke yeah ... Sally , feel awkward , enter the epartment . int . luke's apartment ~ day the apartment be outfit for a para . book and notepad be pile on a desk . activist poster be on the wall . Sally set the mirror down , look around the room . - ( continued ) ~~ 108 , continued : : sally look like you have be keep busy ... luke ihave . there 's a lot go on ... how would you find I ? sally bozo ... how have you be ? luke pretty good ... very good , actually -.. I have give a couple of talk , do a fair amount of read . we be plan a big demonstration Saturday ... how about you ? how 's Bob ? . | sally okay . y'know , there 's adjustment and all ... luke yeah , I be go through the seme thing . I have not live alone in 2 long time -- but I like it , it 's a good feel ... sally yeah ... would you like some coffee or anything ? sally ( look at watch , smile ) '' you know 's how it be with schedule ... luke ( a beat ) maybe some other time ? sally ( start for door ) sure -- I will give you a call ... ( continued ) 150 ~~ 151 152 109 . continued : ( 2 ) luke I will be around ... sally ( as she leave ) okay ... see you . luke ‘( wheel to door ) right ... he watch Sally as she walk away . int . marine base commandant 's office - afternoon a informal ceremony be in progress . a Marine colonel be present medal to Bob and two other Marine officer . Sally stand to one side of the office alongside family of the other Marines . Bob 's face be tight as the Colonel i present the medal . . colonel Captain Robert harrel hayne , on order of the Commander in Chief of the armed force , it be my honor and privilege to present you ... int . officer ' club - evening a evening at the officer 's ciub . in a room in the b.g. officer ' wife sit around ea table play card . Bob be at the bar with Cathy . Earl have Sally cornere at a side of the room , earl Christ , a decoration 's like money in the bank =~ like a high nielson rating or make all ~ american . it 's money in the bank . it 's a chance ... Sally be not listen , watch bob. sally ( interrupt ) '' Excuse I , Earl . . earl sure ... ( continued ) 152 153 1190 . continued : Sally go through the crowd to Bob at the bar . he be drink a double martini as he talk to Cathy . sally ( put a hand on he shoulder ) I be ready whenever you be ... he turn , seem genuinely pleased to see she . bob yeah , good idea ... cathy ( look Sally over ) go back to the commune ? sally anywhere ... I would just like to be with Bob ... the bartender arrive with two more martinis , look at bod auestioningly . Bob take both glass and hand one to Sally , turn to the bartender . bob bring Mrs . delise another , okay ? cathy ( nudge Sally ) you would better drive ... Sally nod as they leave the club . int . porsche - night Bob drive , satay let the wind blow through she hair . bob you want to go to the raft ? sally no -- no more drink -- let 's just drive -- 4t 's a beautiful night ... bob ( look at she ) you be a beautiful woman ... 111 . ext . beach parking lot - night > the porsche 1s park . Bob and Sally climb down a bluff to the sand . barefoot , they walk for a while , then Sally turn to hin . sally have you think any more about the Corps ? bob all the time ... sally do you make up you mind ? be you go to stay , or leave , or what ? . bob I do not want to talk about ' that ... sally " ( piquea ) well , what do you want to talk about ? Bob wheel and greb she . ' they fall to the sand , en- tangle -- the boozy rough and tumble sex play they have enjoy in the past . Sally go along with he to 2 certain point ~- but now , instead of accept the pain , she express she feeling . sally stop , Bob ! goddammit , that hurt ! on impulse , Bob yank she up end slap she herd across the mouth . Sally spin backward into the sand . Bob be about to continue when he stop short , realize what he have do ... bob ( bend down ) hey ... God , I do not mean ... I be sorry ... Jesus ... Sally turn away , get up slowly , hold she mouth and brush away the sand . sally I be go home ... she head back toward the car . sob slowly follow . 155 , 156 112 . int . beach house - night rock music blare inside the house . Brick be open beer while dickle fries egg . they be now wear civvy . shad , a newcomer , be a first Lieutenant in uniform . he be heavy - eye and bald , smoke grass from a ornate pipe . the door open , Sally enter , follow by Bob . shad jump to he foot , grin widely , revealing several miss tooth . shad hey , you ever- loving - mother - fuck . fucker ! Bob embrace he .- they kiss , pound each other , then Bob turn to Sally . bob you see this miserable turd ? I love this man better than a fuck mother ! sally I be go to bed , Bob . bob sure ... Bob hug shed again . ' the camera follows Sally as she go to the front bedroon . : bob ( 0.s. ) when would you split ? shad take a hit of this thai soak in opium . I bring two kilo back ... Sally disappear as she slam the bedroom door . int . beach house -— morning Brick have pass out on a sheg rug , he head in he own dry vomit . Sally roll he over with she foot . sally get up and get out . you will be | late to school ... Brick pull himself together , grunt what might be a apo - logy , decide against try to placate Sally and stumble toward the door . Sally make a face and start to roll up the rug . 157 158 - 113 . ext . beach house alley - day the rug be drape over a clothesline . Sally be angrily hose down the beanbag , try to wash away the ugly mess of spill food and wine . vi come down the alley . VI who barf ? Brick ? Brick 's a barfer . I can spot ‘em ... ( start for garage ) lemme borrow you hammer , huh ? sally Brick 's a bore . a over - age high school clown . TI be so fuck sick of waking up in the morning to find that baby face snore up at I from under table and chair ... vi continue on into the gerage to search for the hammer . Sally turn off the hose , go into the garage . vi be look into 2 large metal locker . VI do you know what you husband be plan to do with this little arsenal here ? for the first time , obviously , saily look into the locker . she be stunne by the cache of weapon and ammo . sally Jesus ! do not you think that 's a little weird ? VI they be all on tilt , have not you figure that out ? vi exit the garage . Sally stand look tnto the locker . int . VA maximum security ward corridor — day Sally follow Dr. Ring past the tinted window of the maximum security ward . dr . ring ' frankly , I do not know whether you should be alarmed for you husband or not , Mrs. hayne . the secret cache of weapon be disturbing , I suppose , put not that uncommon , believe I . ( more ) ( continued ) 158 159 160 114 . continued : dr . ring ( cont 'd ) some of my colleague feel there be a specific past-vietnam syndrome . I do not reject the possibility . I do not know what to suggest positively . sally whatever it 4s , it 's get to be too much for I . can anything be do to ‘help ? dr . ring - I believe there be group therapy session be organize for Vietnam veteran , I be not sure . or if you husband would call I , iwill try to find time for a consultation . Beyond that , I do not know . Dr. Ring enter maximum security ward . Sally start back toward the elevetor . ext . marine base administration build - day the porsche , too up , 1s park in front of the building . Cathy come to the car , reach in window . int . porsche ~ day Sally be in passenger seat , deep in think , look up as Cathy appear . cathy ( startle to see Sally ) ohl ... hi ... . ( she reach into glove compartment ) be leave my cigarette case in here last night ... Sally be silent as Cathy look through the compartment , find the case . cathy you know , you be entitle to a roll in the hay with Earl if you be interested ... ( continued ) vy 's 160 161 162 115 . continued : sally do I win a lottery ? cathy I make it with Bob last night . turnabout 's fair play . Sally say nothing , stare at Cathy . . cathy I think he might of mention it ... sally we. no ... cathy well ... he 's pretty fuck up , be not he ? ( start to leave ) see you Thursday ... Cathy wave as she go off . Sally turn away , put she hand in the coat pocket , scoot down in the seat , wish she be invisible . ext . marine base administration build - front door - day Bob come out of the doorway , a manila envelope under he arm . he stop , look off , start away , head for the porsche . int . porsche -.day Bob climb in , he mind elsewhere , hardly aware of Sally . she look at he , start to speak , realize she be about to ery , decide to wait . Bob start the car , turn the radio too loud , flip the top down and pull away , drive too fast . Sally wipe she eye , blow she nose , glance at Bob sharply . Bob stop abruptly for a light . bob who 's luke Martin ? Sally turn down the radio to give herself time to breathe . sally the paraplegic I write you about . he rent the back room . ( continued ) 116 . continued : ~~ bob yeah , well , a friend of mine from intelligence give I this file ... seem they have have you friend under surveillance ... the light change and Bob take off again . Sally look at the envelope without open 1t , then look back . bob they have we place bugge . he give I some tape , picture and all that snait . it 's all in there . I do not . know if — you want it ? TI have not get any fuck use for it ... : sally the bastard ... that lousy '' bastard ... I suppose they play they for you ? Bob nod . his knuckle be tight on the wheel as he race to pass a trio of bearded biker . Sally wait till the roar of the motorcycle fade . she fold the envelope , try to ~ force it into . the glove compartment but cannot . sally this be kind of tronic . sut that only confuse thing now . Bob , I would like to say this , though . I and not ashamed . of anything that happen ... bob oh , Christ -- let 's not -- let 's skip the bullshit . sally I just want you to know . I be not make excuse . : bob . look , we be both grow up . at least we know the score . I feel pretty fuck shitty . sally well , sure . ~~ bob sure I do . that maggot , what kind of degenerate turd ?... but , what the fuck , I be no saint . * ( continued ) wr 162 117 . continued : ( 2 ) sally Cathy tell I . a horn blast they and a corvette start to pass . ° Bob slance over he shoulder ... bob : fuck you ! «+. pace the corvette to prevent it from pass . Sally tense uneasily . the corvette drop behind . Bob laugh . . bob '' I love this car ... sally be you finish ? I mean , end of conversation ? if you want to drop the subject for a while -- or forever -- that 's okay ... ( wait , then ) if you hate I , never want to see I again -- well , I guess that 's cool , too -- but what ? you know ? where do it stand ? what 's wrong ? &re we ever go to be able to ~ talk to each other ? Bob turn off the freeway , slow as they turn toward the beach . he shift down , drive almost too slow for safety , try to examine he own detach reaction . . bob shit , I do not know . I do not know what 's wrong . I just have not be able to make 1 % with you . it do not work , that 's all . one wheel drift off 'onto the shoulder . Sally reach for the steering wheel but Bob have already straighten the car , continue as though nothing have happen . . : bob it 's not I . what I mean be I be not impotent , I know that much . well , you know that ... ( laugh , embarrassed ) it 's something else ... sally yeah , I know ... ( regret instantly ) sorry . I do not mean that . I just feel lousy . about everything . 163 118. ext , beach house alley ~- day Bob pull up without turn into the garage . . bob I think he have a right to know about the fuck surveillance ... I should probably give he this shit . I would rather talk to he alone unless you object ... - sally I do not object ... ( get out of car ) +.» do you know where he life ? bob ( motion to envelope ) ee . they do ... Sally watch es Bob drive off . ext . luke's apartment ~ swimming pool - afternoon 16 % luke be in he wheelchair , read by the pool . '' Bob come from the front , cress and stand face luke . Bos you luke Martin ? luke that depend . bob .t be Bob hayne . . luke pull up a chaiz . I prefer ny dialogue face to face . bob ( still stand ) so do i. luke my neck get tired look up like this , Bob laugh , pull up a canve chair and sit face the pool beside luke . they both watch two girl in bikinis dive into the pool . Bob hand luke the manila envelope . bob I talk to Sally about this . ( hore ) ( continued ) 164 165 166 118 . continued : bob ( cont 'd ) : I think you have a right to know about it . they be watch the house . that be the tape and all that . I get it from Intelligence . I do not know who all be involved . I do not particularly care . I be not political much . one way or the other . but I hate the fucker for , this . luke that 's political . } bob : maybe . I do not know . luke | thanks . bob what the hell . tney watch the two girl climb out of the pool and dry themselves . Bob rise . bob well , that 's what I come to say . the rest 's up to Sally , I guess ... luke peace , brother . . bob I be for that . he walk out past the two girl . ext . bayview apartment entrance - afternoon Bob stop at a telephone booth and dial . , ' bob Sally ? hi ... how're you doin ' ? I give luke the stuff . anything you need before I come home ? , ext . front of bayview apartment - afternoon Bob start the porsche and drive away . . oe 168 169 169 170 i71 120 . ext . roadside liquor store - afternoon Bob come from the store , carry beer , start away . ext . freeway - afternoon bod overtake a pretty girl in a sport car , turn the radio up ' and pass . ext . roadside vegetable stand - late afternoon a thatched roofed ; " Fresh picked " type stand . Bob pay for salad green , return to the car . ext . beach house - garage - apternoon Bob pull the porsche into the garage , stop on a dime , get out with the grocery . . int . beach house - afternoon the party have already start . tv and stereo go strong .. Bob 's buddy play poker . Sally and vi in ' the kitchen , make spaghetti . Bob enter , go directly to the counter , set the bag down . Sally , see a stiffness in Bob , be concerned . sally be you all right ? bos I be fine . sally I want to know what happen with luke , : bob not ( take six - pack out of bag ) '' it go well . he go off to the poker game with the beer . sally it go well ? . : ( turn to vi ) that 's great -- 1t go well ... VI he ‘hes a way with word ... ( continued ) lal . 2-71 continued : ~ : Bob stand almost at attention , open each can with exact - ness and set it down with a formality in front of each player . when finish , he stand at the window , lock out . in the kitchen , Sally and vi go back to cooking the spaghetti . . , sally ( to vi quietly ) itm get so fuck sick of this ... ~ VI you wanna stay with I for a while , babe ? sally I do not know , vi ... I do not know ... ( she turn ) Bob , would you get this trash ...? Sally look around , do not see Bob ... . sally - where would he go ? vr maybe the john ... sally ( call to card player ) do you guy see where Bob go ? nobody answer . sally fuck he . I will do it myself ... ( give vi spoon ) keep stir , huh ? Sally pick up trash , go out . 172 . ext . beach house ~ afternoon Sally take trash into garage , notice the porsche be go . she empty the garbage into a can , stand alone for a moment , wrapping she arm around herself to keep warm . she look over to the locker where she see the cache , slowly open it . the cache be deplete . weapon and ammunition be miss . only a rifle and pistol remain . saily stand look in for a beat , suddenly be very frighten . ( continued ) 172 rot a 173 174 175 122 . continued : she run out of the garage , call as she run toward the house . . sally vil Val ... ext . seclude area off highway -— afternoon the porsche , top up , be park . a m16 , a .45 automatic pistol and bandolier of ammunition be laid out on the hood of the car . Bob be put on camouflage combat fatigue , a " Tiger suit . " his civilian clothing be fold neatly , put in a small bundle next to the weapon . int . beach house -- afternoon Sally be on the phone . vi stand in the kitchen , anxious , she eye on Sally . the poker game go on in the b.g. as Sally speak ... sally . ( 1 nto the phone ) it 's like a nigntmare -- I just do not know what he 's go to do ... int . luke's apartment - afternoon luke wheel to the door as he talk to Sally . luke ( lock door ) call the police , that 's all you cen do .... intercut . sally : : oh shit , luke ! TI can not call they ! luke then I will do it -- you sit tight , they will send somebody over ... luke hang up , start to redial ... luke hang up , goddammit ! sally ( still on phone ) let I know ... ( continued ) 175 176 177 179 123 . continued : luke ( interrupt ) I will -- now hang up ... luke hang up , listen for dial tone , call police . int . beach house - afternoon Sally grip the telephone receiver tightly on its cradle . vi come to she , put a arm on she shoulder . the poker player explode in laughter as a beer be spill . Sally whip around , furious ... sally get out of my house ! all of you ! they look around at she , smile . shad . aw shit , Sally , it 's only a beer ... sally . gut ! you asshole ! you stupid motherfucker , get out of my house ! now !!1 . the smile fade and the man get up to leave . ext . brush - cover hillside - late afternoon Bob , carry the m16 , the .45 in its holster and the ban - dolier over he shoulder , run toward camera . he find cover , crouch , look off . bo5' pov the vegetable stand Bob stop at earlier be across the road . a county Fire Department pickup truck pull up and park . two firemen , dress in work clothes , get out and enter the stand . ext . brush - cover hillside - late afternoon Bob check he rifle , then rise and run , zigzag style down the hill , across the street and flatten himself agéinst the side of the fire truck . '' 180 a - 181 ~ ~ ~ - 124 . int . pickup truck - late afternoon a third fireman , mitchell , who have be slouched in the seat , react to the movement and look out the window , see Bob sprint from behind the truck and into the vegetable stand . int . vegetable stand - late afternoon a beard man and a woman be the owner . the two firemen be look through the box of produce when Bob appear , wave the m16 , and shouting order in vietnamese , the four turn to Bob , do not move . bob ( in English ) in the dirt ! fireman hey , c'mon ... bob in the dirt ! Drop !! nm the firemen raise they hand , fall to the ground . Bob point the rifle at the man and woman . bob you toct on you stomach ! beard man ( terrify ) take the money , man ... take the money ... Bob step forwand , crack the man across the side of the heac with the butt of the rifle . he fall , the woman quickly drop to she stomach . bob do not fuck move ! Bob suddenly freeze as a voice be heard over a radio ... radio voice ... this be unit nineteen ... we be on State eleven a half mile south of the freeway ... as the voice continue , Bob realize it be come frem 2 walkie-talkie one of the firemen have clipped to he waist . Bob spin around , look out to the truck ... ( continued ) 181 182 183 184 185 125 . continued : radio voice there might be a holdup out here ... the man look like a soldier , have a rifle , he 's get two of we man inside ... Bob see Mitchell in the truck , speak into microphone . he fire a burst from the m16 . the radio goe silent . int . luke's apartment - late afternoon . a policeman , hustedt , hang up the phone . hustedt ( to luke ) they have find he ... luke have he wife be notify ? hustedt - she 's on she way . ext . highway adjacent to stand - dusk some police car be there , other be arrive . all be position a distance from the stand . int . vegetable stand - dusk the woman end three man ere stripped to they underwear , hand tie behind , with one length of twine looped around each of they neck , link the four together . they stand near the rear doorway as Bob light he Zippo , put it to the thatched wall . Bob , he rifle in one hand and the fireman 's walkie-talkie in the other , push he prisoner out the rear door as the stand begin to burn . ext . , highway adjacent to stand - evening two more police car arrive as the stand burn in the b.g- Sally get out of one of the squad car and a police lieu - tenant , johns , apvroach she . lt . johns ( hold walkie - talkie ) Mrs. hayne ? I be Lieutenant johns . sally be you sure it 's my husband ? ( continued } 185 186 187 126 . continued : lt . johns it 's he ... bob' voice ( over walkie- talkie ) mobley ?... jenning ?... williem ?... ext . gully - evening Bob have he rifle train on he four prisoner as he speak into the walkie-talkie . bob ( into radio ) where be you , goddamit ? make contact ! ( put radio down ) that chickenshit asshole ! ( to prisoner ) squat ! squat down ! the four squat as Sally 's voice come over the walkie - talkie . sally voice ( over radio ) . bob? bod , this be Sally ... there be no sign of recognition as Bob listen to Sally 's voice . ext . highway adjacent to stand - evening as Sally talk on the radio , luke be get out of hustedt 's patrol car in the b-g . sally ( into radio ) please , Bob ... please ... come on back ... please ... bob be . voice ( over radio ) , fuck you , baby , I be on to you ! I be on to you trick , you slope -ey cunt ! Lt. johns take radio from Sally , as luke wheel up . lo. johns ( into radio ) Captain hayne ? Captain hayne ? this be Lieutenant johns . ( continued ) 187 ) - 188 189 '' > 190 > 127 . continued : sally ( turn , see luke ) oh , luke , Jesus ... he think he 's in combat ... ext . gully ~ evening Bob listen to johns ' voice : johns ' voice ( over radio ) we have you surround -- do you understand I ? bob ( into radio ) Delta two actual -- Delta two actual -- this be North tide -- this be North tide . I need artillery support . there be heavy infiltration in my sector . ext . area adjacent to stand - evening Lt. johns turn to another officer as Bob 's voice continue . lt . johns he will not communicate ...« bob' voice ( over radio ) give.me support -- I need cover . send it in ... there be heavy infiltration ... I want artillery ... as Bob 's voice continue , Lt. johns reach for another radio . lt . johns ( into second radio ) Walker , do you have a sightline ? ext . edge of gully - evening WALKER , a police marksman , aim a rifle with a starlight scope down the gully . WALKER ( into radio ) negative -- subject be block by hostage . 191 192 193 128 . ext . area adjacent to stand - evening luke and Sally react to Walker 's voice . lt . johns ( into radio # 2 ) maintain contact ... luke let I try . let I talk to he . johns look dt luke . lt . johns ( a pause ) he 's get four hostage , he 's heavily armed -- I do not want this to get screw up . luke neither do tf. : johns hand the radio to luke . luke ( into radio ) North tide -- North tide -- this be Delta two actual . ext . gully - evening Bob listen to luke 's voice . luke's voice ( over radio ) North tide -- North tide -- I have send a patrol to locate you . Bob keep he rifle on the prisoner , speak into radio . : bob they have all fuck desert I ... I be out here alone , my man be go . where the fuck 's mobley ? ext . area adjacent to stand - evening johns , a few policeman and Sally watch as luke talk ... luke ( into radio ) he 's okay -~ take one in the arm — — go out on medivac -- ( more ) ( continued ) 193 194 195 196 129 . continued : luke ( cont 'd ) -~ the rest of you man be safe -- we want to get you out of there ... bob' voice ( over radio ) . but I get prisoner ... luke bring they in -- hq need they for interrogation -- do not harm they — I need you coordinate . what 's you position ? ext . gully :~- evening Bob speak into walkie-talkie ... : bob two , this be North tide from Ford , up two point three . right , one point six . luke's voice ( over radio ) I make we out three - quarter of a elick , up Blue line from you state pos . '' bob fuck you , Charlie !!! I have get no map -- that be bullshit , you slope fuck !!! ext . area adjacent to stand - night Sally look to luke , react to Bob 's voice . luke ( into radio ) okey , man , you be right , no more -- c'mon , brother -- I know where you be at -- ext . gully - night Bob prod the prisoner through the gully on they hand and knee . luke's voice ( over radio ) you be flash back -- we want to help , man ... 197 198 199 200 201 202 130 . ext . edge of gully - evening Walker speak into he radio . WALKER subject be under way . I have a clear sightline . ext . gully - evening luke continue to plead with Bob over the walkie-talkie as Bob push one of the prisoner . bob ( to fireman ) goddamit , movel !! : . fireman c'mon , man , we be not go to ... Bob put the rifle barrel to the man 's head . bob : one more word , motherfucker ! one more word and I will teke you fuck head off !! : a shot be fire , one of the hostage be slemm to the ground , the other pull down with he . Bob whirl , fire @ burst in the direction of the marksman , then take off down the gully . we then see ... sally and ' luke react -- luke continue to talk into radio . lt . johns give order to man . bob run through brush . various police move into position . ) 203 204 205 . 131 . marksmen FIRE at Bob . ext . freeway ~ evening Beyond the freeway , heavy with the evening rush hour . Bob break through the underbrush , look down at the traffic ... ( continue to hear luke 's plead over radio ) . '' bob ( into radio ) giant enemy convoy head south on main supply route -- it 's up to I to stop ' tem . be alone -- repeat , be alone —- giant enemy convoy head south ... then he jump , roll down the ivy - cover slope above the freeway , to land on the pavement , crouching , turn he m16 on the blind headlight of approach traffic . ext . naval cemetery - day Bob be bury without pomp . vi stend with Sally and amand2 . Earl , Cathy , Brick and dickle and several other from Bob 's outfit stand together . luke remain below on the pavement . Father Corey deliver a simple prayer . no one linger after the burial . at a limousine , amanda turn , address no one in particular ... amanda I do not plen anything formal . but you be all more than welcome to stop by the hotel for a drink , if you like ... Sally ... sally ( smile ) I do not think so ... amanda I know ... Father Corey hold the door for amanda , climb into the limousine after she . dickie , Brick and the other Marines face Sally and vi with awkward self - consciousness . dickie ~-» it be nice know you ... tne other can not think of anything to say . they stand look - ing at Bob 's grave . luke transfer into he Shelby . selly and vi walk to she van . 206 132 . ext . beach house alley ~ day the van perk . Sally and vi climb out , start toward the stair , then stop as they see luke 's ¢ar pull up outside . vi look at Sally ... VI see you . vi discreetly disappear down the alley as luke get out of he car . luke fuck this want to be alone shit ... Sally realize that she be stand stiffly , almost defen - sively , between luke and the stairway into the house . she smile and step aside . luke meve to the step , lower himself and start to climb they on nis ass . Sally fold the chetr and follow he as the camera pull slowly back to include the beach , the surf , and the ocean . - fade out . the end