commando written by Richard tuggle final April 18 , 1985 " commando " black screen . one word explode towards we with cold brutality : commando . it fade ... leave we in darkness . and we hear a grow roar ... a frightening rumble . fade in ext . suburban cul -de - sac - day 1 tight on the churn compactor of a garbage truck . the camera pull back and we see the truck , batter and olive - grey . a bored garbage man with a kerchief over he mouth hang on the back of the truck as it move along the street . int . bedroom - close on the bed - day 2 as lawson awake with a start . he 's late 30' , a little wear . he shake he wife . lawson what 's that ? wife ( barely awake ) unnn ... sound like ... ( stifling yawn ) . the garbage man . lawson on Tuesday ? wife ( yawning ) maybe they change the schedule ... lawson listen to the noise as it approach , finally throw he foot into he bedroom slipper . lawson shit . int . lawson be house - pantry 3 he run into the pantry , drag several ungainly plastic trash bag . a85 2 ext . lawson be house - day 4 the truck SOUND be closer now . we can see it at the end of the long driveway . lawson fling the green plastic bag into two batter and half - full metal can , start run down the driveway . lawson ( shout ) wait a minute , wait a minute ! end of driveway - day 5 the truck stop at the bottom of the driveway . lawson stumble he way towards it , smile . lawson I be afraid you would miss I -- reverse angle 6 cooke -- the man behind the truck -- pull a Ingram submachine gun into view . at the same moment , the cab of the garbage truck be kick open and diaz , the driver , lean out , similarly armed . cooke do not worry - we will not . and they cut lawson down , the bullet rake across he body and the can . long shot 7 lawson fall back , spread-eagled . the garbage can , pierce and leak , roll toward the camera , block we view just as cooke move close to administer a coup de grace . CUT to : int . automobile dealership - day 8 forrestal grin into the camera . forrestal you be not see nothin ' yet . cont . a85 3 8 cont. camera adjust to show we that forrestal be just now close the trunk of a big new cadillac . he 's show it to diaz , who nod and make noncommital noise as forrestal continue the hype . forrestal ( as trunk close ) hear that sound ? american workmanship . you think the japanese invent that ? bullshit we do ... sure , we lose it for a while - but we get ' it back . diaz get into the car . forrestal sure , get in ... comfy , right ? I know what you be gonna say ... it 's cloth . but take it from I - you do not want leather , it 's hot , it crack , it 's trouble . and look at the head room .. . you be not gonna have a problem ... diaz start the engine . forrestal go ahead , start it up . hear that ? that 's power - that 's performance .that 's -- Jesus Christ -- forrestal have say this last because diaz have throw the car into reverse , knock down a big display . forrestal hey ! another angle 9 diaz slam the car into forward , hit the accelerator and roar across the display room floor . the car slam into forrestal , fling he body across the hood . the car continue on , crash through the outside window and disappear down the street . CUT to : a85 4 10 ext . fishing boat - night dangle work light illuminate the night . the tuna fleet be in . 11 dock - close on bennett mid-thirty , well muscle , bennett help another worker wrestle a net of fish into a hold , then he wipe he brow and shout over the. noise . bennett that 's all for I , Les . Les nod . bennett step off the boat , cross over another boat and step onto he boat . 12 bennett' boat bennett start he boat , revs the throttle , then pull away from the other boat . the wind whip he hair as he cruise out into the night . 13 full shot the boat move away from we , then whoom , the boat explode into a fireball , send debris high into the air . ext . dock area - night 14 a man come out of the shadow on the dock and watch the explosion , the fiery light splash onto he face . it 's cooke - the " garbage man . " smash CUT to : 15 ext . mountain - day MAIN title begin ... and along with they we hear music . the camera skim over snow - cap peak , pine tree twinkle dew in the morning light . then we see it : a 80' version of a log cabin ... with crisp , clean line ... energy efficient and snug . a85 5 another angle 16 as a giant figure descend from the mountain behind the house balance a giant log on he right shoulder and carry a chain see in he leave hand . this be colonel JOHN alexander matrix . he 's in he mid-thirty ...a man of raw power and vitality ... and something else : Joy . Joy , and a sense of calm . matrix reach a shed behind the cabin . he put down the log and chain see , then pick up firewood and begin to split it with awesome single swipe of a axe . intercut : low angle - house 17 as a shadow come stealthily alongside the house and begin to slowly and cautiously advance on matrix . intercut : matrix and approaching person 18 matrix do not turn or otherwise seem to see the other person ... but he react to little thing : ext . house - series of shot and sound - day 19 - 23 A. a TWIG crack . B. a squirrel scamper away , startle . c. some pebble roll away . D. a gate respond with a faint creak while : E. the axehead reflect a dull , indistinct figure approach matrix from behind . none of the above escape matrix 's eye ... and then , at the last possible second , he whirl and confront : a85 6 new angle 24 's matrix sweep up the intruder-his eleven - year - old daughter , jenny . she laugh as he tickle she . jenny dad ... dad ... put I down . she tickle he back on he neck and rib ... he laugh , put she down . matrix I surrender , I surrender . he raise he hand , open , trust . instantly she attack again , then run like hell as he pursue she , music continue . ext . roadside ice cream stand - day 25 matrix 's blazer be park here . Father and daughter sit across from each other - she have a cone , he have a dish . he use he spoon to steal some of she flavor and jimmy ... he get away with this twice before she poke he on the nose with the cone . he wipe ice cream from he face . ext . cabin stream area - day 26 matrix and Jenny be trout fishing in a beautiful stream . a deer tentatively approach and matrix and Jenny take food from a knapsack and hold it out for the deer . the deer come closer , take the food from they , then lick they hand . dissolve to : matrix 26 - a show Jenny karate move . she try a move on he and he pretend she 's knock he over . dissolve to : matrix 26 - B give Jenny a piggyback ride over the bridge that cross the stream , as they head back to the cabin . CUT to : a85 7 int . cabin - day 27 matrix go to open the refrigerator in he cabin a stop . tape to the door be a cutout of a heart : Jenny be peek at matrix from around the corner of the kitchen . he see she , he smile , and they meet and hug . music and title end . int . house dine room - later - day 28 matrix sit at the table as Jenny serve lunch . the view through the expansive picture window be breathtaking . matrix leaf through some of Jenny 's rock ' n ' roll magazine . matrix when I be a boy and rock and roll come to East Germany , the communist say it be subversive ... ( slight smile ) . they be right ... ( bite into sandwich jenny bring he ) . what 's in this ? jenny you do not want to know . suddenly matrix get a odd look on he face ... he stand , cock he head . jenny what 's wrong ? he shush she , put he hand up to block the sun as he peer through the picture window . now Jenny -- and the audience -- can see what matrix 's keen sense have already hear - a approach aircraft . matrix be p.o.v . - helicopter 29 with U.S. Army marking , come towards the house ... then veer off for a landing . two shot 30 jenny you say you would not go away again . you say you be through -- matrix I be not go anywhere . cont . a85 8 30 cont. jenny promise ? matrix promise . the copter 31 it land . Three man get out . general franklin kirby be in the lead . he 's in he early 50' , fit , energetic -- and , as we can see -- the pilot of the craft . he 's wear rugge Army class " c's . " the two young soldier with he be harris and jackson . they wear bdu 's and carry carbine . at a look from kirby they fan out , and watch the cabin . kirby 32 kirby approach the cabin . kirby ( calling out ) John , come on out . it 's kirby . matrix ( o.s . ) I know . startle , kirby whirl to see matrix stand behind he . kirby Silent and smooth ... just like always . he smile and he and matrix come together and shake hand . matrix I better be . you teach I . he affectionately squeeze kirby 's shoulder . Jenny come out of the cabin toward the two man . kirby I need to talk to you dad , Jenny . jenny no way , Jose . matrix give she a sharp look and Jenny grudgingly go back inside . kirby and matrix begin to walk as cloud billow high above the mountaintop around they . cont . a85 revised - " com.mando " - 4/22/85 9 32 cont. kirby someone 's kill you man . matrix ( startled ) you give they new identity ... kirby there must have be a leak . lawson , forrestal ... bennett have all be hit . matrix who 's do it ? X kirby you have make enemy all over the X world , John . it could be the syrian , the South african , the Russians - or a terrorist group . ( pausing ) they be gonna find you . matrix look toward the cabin . Jenny be watch he through a window . matrix turn back to kirby and they begin walk back to the cabin . matrix we be go to make a normal X life here ... kirby you will ... I promise . I be go X into the city to coordinate with the Federal people . in the meantime , Jackson and Harris will stay with you . matrix look the two soldier over . matrix they any good ? kirby Real good ... ( pausing ) but not as good as you be . out 33 - 36 CUT to : a65 10 matrix - later 37 watch the chopper lift off and fly away . Jenny , subdued , come out of the cabin . jenny be it bad ? matrix I be not leave you ... if that 's what you mean . jenny then it can not be bad . she smile . a intense look come over matrix 's face , then -- in a blur , he sweep up Jenny in he arm just before machine gun fire blast the cabin . the volley of firing shatter the window and rip OPEN Harris ' chest , he blood splatter against the cabin . . matrix , still clutching Jenny , dive through the door into the cabin and hit the floor . Jackson catch a round in the shoulder , spin to the ground , then crawl through the door after matrix . the three of they lie on the cabin floor as the firing continue to blast away at Harris ' body , the round smacking into the side of the cabin . then the fire stop . silence . matrix ( whispering ) how bad you hit ? jackson ( whispering ) I will make it . matrix ( whispering ) I have get to get my rifle from the shed . keep a eye out , they will be come . you be downwind , the air current might tip they off . cont . a85 11 37 cont . jackson ( whispering ) downwind ?? ( look at matrix like he 's crazy ) you think I will smell they come ? matrix I do . matrix and Jenny move low to the floor toward she bedroom . matrix ( whispering ) stay out of sight , I will be right back . Jenny go into she bedroom and matrix go out the backdoor . ext . cabin - day 38 he race to the shed , unlock it , go inside to a high - tech cabinet and open it . Inside be a h&amp ; k assault rifle , two big banana clip of ammunition and a baretta js pistol . matrix pull the weapon out and ready they . CUT to : int . cabin - day 39 Jackson peer out the window , see nothing , then edge back to the floor . two hand whip a garotte around he neck and choke the struggle Jackson to death . jenny 40 hear a thump and stick she head out from under she bed to look , but see nothing . suddenly , footstep approach she bedroom door . she pull she head back under the bed just as two boot enter she bedroom . a knife be attach to one of the boot . CUT to : ext . cabin - day 41 matrix put the pistol in he waistband and slam home a clip in the rifle . he race out of the shed , rush to the cabin and open the backdoor . Jackson , garotte still around he neck , fall lifelessly through the door straight into the camera . matrix duck as Jackson glance off he and crumple to the ground . a85 12 int . cabin - day 42 matrix , h&amp ; k rifle hold ready , silently enter , then move carefully through the cabin . he peer into the de and see diaz , one of the man who kill matrix 's man , sit in a chair , look at Jenny 's qï¿½91 matrix step forward and point he rifle directly at diaz . matrix where be she ? diaz smile and put he foot up on a table . diaz mellow out , man . we can not talk business with you wave gun in people 's face . matrix put the rifle against diaz 's forehead and cock the trigger . the smile vanish from diaz 's face . diaz she 's safe , Major . whether she stay that way . be up to you . my people get some business with you ... matrix hear a noise outside , glance out the window and see two vehicle racing away from the house . diaz .and if you want you kid back , you gotta cooperate . right ? matrix wrong . matrix level the h&amp ; k and blast diaz in the chest . diaz and the chair be jerked violently backward . abrupt CUT to : ext . cabin - day 43 matrix jump out of the cabin and race to the blazer , its hood up . he check the engine . torn wire stick up , the distributor cap be disconnect and break . cont . a85 13 43 cont . he look down the mountain and see the vehicle wind along the mountain road . matrix slam the blazer 's hood ... get inside ... put he weapon on the seat ... then release the brake . then , one hand on the wheel , the other on the door frame , he begin to push the car . he steer it not towards the dirt road , but towards the shoulder where a steep incline lead downward . since the blazer be point the wrong way , matrix be push it uphill - the effort be incredible ... the vein on he neck stand out ... with a scream , he put everything he 's get into it ... and finally it begin to roll downward . matrix leap in . snap on the driver 's shoulder belt ... reach over and wrap the passenger belt around he body as well . the blazer roll over the edge . blazer - several shot 44 as it bounce wildly down the 45 degree slope . int . blazer 45 matrix fight to control the wheel . a low-hanging branch smashes the windshield . dark vehicle 46 it take another curve . camera pan up , and we see the blazer , come closer and closer by this direct route . the blazer 47 it barrel down the mountainside , out of control , smash through tree , bound off rock , drop like a stone . int . blazer 48 matrix be take a terrible beat . but he 's almost down to the road ... ahead of the black vehicle ! wide angle - winding road 49 the two vehicle narrowly miss each other - the dark car almost spin out . the blazer 50 it careen past the other car , slam into a huge boulder -- flip -- roll over and over . a8 5 14 the other vehicle 51 o.s. of this mishap , rush down the road . the wrecked blazer 52 the wreck blazer be burning , then suddenly explode . the camera hold on this , what look like matrix 's funeral pyre . then we see movement and see a bloody and injure matrix crawl away from the intense fire . he stop and look back at the destroy blazer . wider angle 53 a large group of armed soldier start to surround matrix . he stand up , cut , bleed . the lead man approach to frisk he . matrix 54 matrix elbow he in the stomach , drive he fist into the man 's Adam 's apple , pull he down , crack the man 's vertebrae , grab the dead man 's rifle and slam the butt against the face on the man close on he . the man 's jaw shatter . but three more man be immediately on matrix and they wrestle he to the ground . he force he way up again , the three man still all over he . matrix 's eye suddenly widen as he look at two boot with a attach knife , then up at the man stand in they . it 's bennett , the man we see die ! matrix ( stunned ) I think you be -- bennett reach up with a bulky pistol and point it at matrix . bennett Dead ... he fire at point-blank range . matrix be blasted backward to the ground . CUT to : a85 15 55 int . port terminal transport build - day bennett and general ernesto arius ( in guerrila fatigue ) walk through a large warehouse fill with tank , jeep and soldier carry bazookas , machine gun , mortar , etc . it look like a small army . CUT to : 56 special effect a intense white light shimmer at the camera , almost as if the light be float on water . it be so bright it hurt we eye . CUT to : 57 int . SMALL room in port terminal transport build - day matrix 's motionless body be lie on a slab of a table . his eye slowly open as he look at the same bright light . that light in on the ceiling of the small room he be lie in . matrix groggily shake he head , sit up a little and see bennett hold up the bulky gun . bennett tranquilizers . General arius approach matrix . arius remember I , Major ? matrix I remember the people you torture and kill . arius you do not understand a country like Val Verde , Major . it need a president with a iron hand . it need my hand again . matrix why tell I ? arius because you be go to return to Val Verde and kill the president you help to overthrow I . cont . a85 16 57 cont . bennett why do not you have bennett do it -- he be there with I . arius but President velasquez trust you ; after all , he make you a ( ironic smile ) ' hero of the Revolution ... ' ( smile vanish ) while Captain bennett , leave , shall we say , under a cloud ... matrix ( glance at bennett ) he enjoy the kill a little too much . bennett you train I , Major . arius ( to matrix ) you can get close to velasquez , you will kill he ... we have go to alot of trouble to find you . we fake bennett 's death so kirby would get nervous and lead we to you . and now that I have you , you will do what I tell you . matrix and if I do not ? arius look at matrix for a beat , then arius nod to bennett . bennett open a slide door to a closet and matrix see Jenny . she be gag and tie tightly to a chair . she be shaking from fear and she eye be wet with tear . matrix lunge up from the table , but he hand and foot be chain to the table and he be stop . bennett wheel Jenny out of the closet over to arius . arius begin to finger she hair . arius so pretty - there be many thing I be go to teach she . cont . a85 17 57 cont.l matrix fight at the chain like a crazy man , but he can not move . arius finger the shirt collar around she neck . arius you kill velasquez , Major , and you will get she back . you try anything else ... ( pausing ) .and I will send she to you in piece . CUT to : ext . matrix be cabin - day 58 General kirby stand in front of the cabin look at the body of Jackson , Harris and diaz . Soldiers be search around and inside the cabin . one of the Soldiers approach kirby . kirby any sign of matrix ? soldier no Sir , just that body ... ( pause ) . you think there 's more ? kirby if he 's still alive , I would expect a lot more . CUT to : ext . lax terminal - day 59 a long , silver limo pull up to a lax terminal and park . int . limo - day 60 cooke be at the wheel . matrix ( in a tropical suit ) and bennett be in the rear seat , sully and henrique on foldout seat face they . bennett ( to matrix ) sully will make sure you get on the plane and henriques will stay with you to make sure you get off . if I do not get a call from either one of they , she 's dead . cont . a85 18 60 cont. he motion and henriques open the car door and bring matrix out with he . sully follow they . ext . limo - day 61 matrix look back at bennett through the open door . matrix I will be back , bennett ... for you . bennett I will be ready . they eye each other , then sully shut the door and matrix watch the limo drive off . henriques and sully flank matrix and they enter the terminal . int . terminal - day 62 the three of they pass through the terminal . matrix look toward two police officer that be right next to they , but he remain silent . henriques , matrix and sully walk through the x-ray booth as the security guard watch , then they continue on . CUT to : boarding gate 63 they approach the board gate . sully hand henriques and matrix they ticket , then sully stuff a $ 10.00 bill in matrix 's breast pocket . sully have some beer in Val Verde , matrix , it will give everyone more time with you daughter . matrix look down at the bill , then up at sully . matrix you be a nice guy , sully , I like you ... ( pausing ) . that 's why I will kill you last . cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 29 63 cont. henriques take matrix 's arm and move he toward the gate . henrique open you mouth again and I will nail it shut . matrix look up at a wall clock . it read 6:55 . he x. and henriques board the plane as sully watch from the board area . int . plane - day 64 henriques and matrix enter the plane . a stewardess smile at they and examine they ticket . stewardess first class , seat seven a and B. they be the last passenger to be seat . they walk down the aisle , matrix take the window seat and henriques the aisle seat . a noise attract matrix 's attention and he watch the door to the entrance tunnel close . the stewardess prepare for the takeoff as the plane 's engine begin to rumble . matrix edgily look around the plane . the stewardess approach he . stewardess you must fasten you seat belt , sir. matrix look out the window and see sully look right back at he through the wait room window . matrix turn to the stewardess . matrix could I have a blanket and pillow ? stewardess sure . she take they down from the upper compartment and hand they to matrix . cont . a85 20 64 cont. the plane be beginning to move . matrix begin to arrange the blanket and pillow . as soon as the stewardess move off , matrix deliver a incredibly sudden blow to henriques ' temple . whap ! henriques ' eye roll back in he head , blood trickle out of he mouth , he body go limp and he fall against matrix . it 's happen so quickly none of the other passenger have notice it . matrix throw the blanket over henriques ' body , look around , then quickly force henriques ' neck down toward he chest . crack . matrix stand and open the overhead luggage rack . he pick up the blanket cover body and put it in the overhead rack . the 2nd stewardess come by . 2 nd stewardess Sir , can I help you with that ? matrix it 's no problem . he smile at she and she smile back . he close the luggage compartment door and turn to the stewardess . matrix how long be this flight ? 2 nd stewardess we land in Val Verde in exactly eleven hour .. she move down the aisle . matrix look down at he digital watch and press a button . insert - watch 65 11:00:00 appear on the watchface . instantly , it start count down : 10:59:59 , 10:59:58 ... matrix 66 matrix start down the aisle . cont . a85 21 66 cont . 2 nd stewardess Sir , during takeoff you must -- matrix ( covering mouth ) I be airsick ... he push by she . int . DC - 10 galley - day 67 matrix move to the service elevator , squeeze in , hit the control and start to descend . below deck 67 - a the elevator stop in the service area of the big plane . matrix get out of the elevator and look out a port . the place be move faster ! he turn and move to a door mark cargo hold . it 's lock . he pull , the door start to bend , then the lock suddenly snap . he open the door and crawl inside . CUT to : passenger area 68 the passenger sit unaware of anything unusual . luggage compartment 69 a close - up of the latch on the luggage compartment hold henriques ' body show the latch imperceptively click OPEN . CUT to : 70 ext . the plane - day the plane leave the terminal area and turn toward the runway . CUT to : int . terminal 71 sully watch plane approach the runway . CUT to : a85 22 int . pilot' cabin / control tower 72 intercut the pilot talk with the control tower to clear the plane for takeoff . CUT to : ext . plane - day 73 the plane begin to roll down the runway . CUT to : int . cargo BAY - day 74 matrix crawl through the crowded hold . without look , he start to push a box out of the way and -- dog cage 75 a doberman pinscher snarl and flash he teeth right into the camera . matrix jerk he hand away from the dog cage just as the pinscher 's tooth push between the bar . CUT to : ext . plane - day 76 the plane start to taxi down the runway . CUT to : int . plane - day 77 the luggage compartment hold henriques ' body edge open and a small corner of the blanket come out . the passenger sit unaware . CUT to : int . cargo BAY - day 78 matrix have reach the area immediately above the plane 's landing gear . the noise be deafen . he dig he hand under the lip of the gear retract equipment and lift with all he might . nothing move for a beat , he continue to strain mightily and the cowling start to move ! with a final grunt , he lift it up and push it out of the way . the ground rush beneath the airplane . matrix swing he foot into the hole . a85 23 ext . plane - day 79 the plane take off and roar into the sky , clear the marsh at the end of the runway . int . plane - day 80 matrix drop through the hole toward the move ground ! ext . plane - day 81 he drop down out of the plane twenty - five foot above the ground and splashes into the shallow water with terrific impact . the plane zoom overhead . matrix lie still , bob in the water . CUT to : int . terminal - day 82 ( j4 . sully be on the phone . sully it just take off . out 83 CUT to : 83 - a ext . runway - day matrix come out of the water and look at he watch . 84 insert - watch 10:52:52 leave . 85 matrix he look at the terminal in the distance and begin run toward it . CUT to : 86 ext . war boat - day a uniform latino pilot a speed war boat in the Pacific . bennett , stand on the rear deck , watch arius hang up the microphone on the two - way radio and then arius disappear below deck . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 24 below deck 87 Jenny be huddle in a darken cabin below . she wipe the tear from she eye . the door open , some light come in and arius enter the cabin . he move toward Jenny and look at she for a long beat . arius you father have just leave for Val Verde ; he should be back with you soon . do that make you happy ? jenny yes ... arius sit down right next to she . he run he finger along she shoulder . arius be there anything else that would make you happy ? jenny yes ... ( pausing ) watch my dad kick you ball down you throat . CUT to : ext . terminal - day 88 matrix jump into the back of a fire truck that drive by the rear of the terminal . CUT to : int . lax - day 89 sully , walk through the terminal , stop as he see a girl , cindy , talk on a pay phone . she 's a gorgeous stewardess in she late twenty . cindy ( into phone ) hi , lance , it 's I ! ( pause ) Cindy . very funny ...yes , that Cindy . they just cancel my 7:40 X to Vancouver ... cont . a85 revised - " co1inando " - 4/29/89 25 X 89 . cont sully take off he dark glass , eat she up with he eye and adjust he tie . Â€¢ cindy ( into phone ) I think since I be laid over we could ... no , laid over , lance . samantha ? who 's that ? lance ? lance ? she slam down the phone and do a slow burn . then she turn , pick up she flight bag , start to head off and find she path suddenly block by sully . sully sound like you need a date . cindy fuck off , shithead ... she push by he . sully watch she go , smile and then begin to follow she . CUT to : int . terminal - day 90 â€¢ matrix , wear a ground crewman 's jacket , be now inside the terminal . he look desperately for sully . passenger mill ahead of matrix , behind he and to the side , but there be no sully . matrix race through the crowded terminal , look up . and suddenly stop . there sully be ! sully be follow Cindy along a downstairs walkway . matrix slow down , then begin to track sully as sully follow the girl . int . airport garage - day 91 Cindy enter the parking garage and approach the passenger side of she ragtop sunbeam Alpine convertible . she unlock and open the door , leave the key in the lock , then she lower the top . the lowering of the top reveal sully face she on the other side of the car . sully ( smiling ) you know what I could give you ? Â€¢ cont . revised - " commando " - 4/29/85 26 , X 91 cont .. cindy yeah , herpes . sully 's smile disappear . he look at she , take he sunglass out of he coat pocket , nut they back on , then turn and walk off . Cindy watch he to make sure he leave . all of a sudden , a giant arm encircle she waist from behind . matrix ( whisper ) do not move . she look down at the giant arm , unable to see matrix sqatting behind she . cindy I be not move . matrix I be not go to hurt you . cindy that 's what they all say . matrix â€¢ step to the side . cindy I have to move to do that . matrix remove he arm from she waist . matrix do it . knee shaking , Cindy step aside . matrix lean into the car , grab the passenger seat , yank it out and place it on the ground at Cindy 's foot . Cindy , mouth gape open , look at the passenger seat now at she foot . i'lltr ix get in . Cindy automatically start to get in the car . cont . 0 revised - " commando " - 4/29/85 27 X 91 contrl matrix you forget you key . Â€¢ he put she car key in she hand . she crawl across where the passenger seat have be and sit in the driver 's seat . matrix sit on the floor where the passenger seat have be and close the passenger door . matrix just do what I tell you and I will let you go . cindy I have get to give karate , junitsu , judo , and kung - fu lesson to my student at seven-thirty . matrix you be not gonna make it . she start the car . sully drive by they in he porsche targa . matrix follow he . cindy I know you be go to say that . she pop the clutch too fast , the tire squeal and matrix be slammed back against the car floor . CUT to : ext . airport garage - day 92 sully drive out of the airport garage and enter the flow of traffic . after a beat , the sunbeam lurch out of the garage and begin to follow sully . int . sunbeam - day 93 in the sunbeam , matrix check he watch . it read 10:32:00 . Cindy concentrate on follow sully 's porsche up ahead . cindy do not get offended by this question , but ... ( pause ) Â€¢ be you go to kill I or something ? cont . revised - " commando " - 4/29/85 28 X 93 cont. matrix no . cindy good . CUT to : int . porsche - day 94 sully drive he porsche at medium speed along century Blvd . he go through as it start to turn red . int . sunbeam - day 94 - a Cindy ease she foot from the accelerator as she prepare to stop for the light . close shot 94 - B matrix put he foot on top of hers and push down on the accelerator . ext . sunbeam - day 94 - C the sunbeam run through the red light . Â€¢ CUT to : ext . freeway - sully - dusk 95 as dusk approach , sully drive along the freeway , occasionally glance into he rearview mirror . ext . freeway - matrix - dusk 95 - a Cindy and matrix continue in the sunbeam , keep a distance between themselves and sully . CUT to : int . sunbeam - dusk 96 Cindy be still at the wheel . outside the car , dusk be approach . cindy can I ask you what this be all about ? matrix somebody want to kill my daughter Â€¢ and I . cont . revised - " commando " - 4/29'/85 28 - a X 96 cont . cindy I do not know you daughter , but â€¢ I have know you for only ten minute and I want to kill you , too . ext . galleria - dusk 97 as dusk approach , sully drive he porsche into the galleria . Cindy pull she sunbeam in two car behind he . int . galleria parking garage - night 98 sully park he car , get out carry a briefcase , go to the glass elevator , stare at two pretty valley girl , take he dark glass off and join they in the elevator . matrix and cindy 99 matrix and Cindy be sit in she car watch sully . as soon as the elevator disappear , matrix grab Cindy 's key from the ignition and take she arm . matrix out . 1ï¿½1 cont. 0 revised - " commando " - 4/23/85 29 99 cont . she open she door , matrix slide next to her_ . and they and they exit from she car . he move she quickly toward the elevator . cindy if you be in a hurry , do not let I hold you up ... the elevator return and they get in . int . galleria - night 100 the galleria interior run around the perimeter of a three - story open vault area . in addition to the glass elevator , several tiere step and bank of escalator run up and down the level . lot of decorative banner in hot color decorate the open area . the top level be particularly active ... restaurant , bar , video parlor , movie theatre . it 's the hub of valley nightlife , lot of shopper and kid just hang out . matrix and Cindy exit from the elevator onto the top level next to the wide - open vault space . matrix immediately search with he eye for sully . she take a quick step to get away , but matrix immediately grab she arm and pull she back toward he so they be now nose to nose . he motion to the other side of the top level and we see sully walk . matrix X ( whisper , anxious ) my daughter 's be kidnap and he 's my only chance of find she ! if he see I or I lose he , they will kill she . I need you to follow he ; if I get too close , he will run . Cindy look back at matrix in shock . matrix ( plead , desperate ) please help I , you be my only X chance ! she 's get less than ten hour leave . Cindy do not know what to say . matrix , still hold she arm , shake she in desperation . cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/23/85 29 - a 100 cont . matrix ( whisper , desperate ) don't you understand !! they will X kill her !! help I !! Cindy look at matrix , glance toward sully , then look back at matrix . cindy okay , okay . X X matrix let she arm go and she rub it gingerly . cindy take it easy , all right . she continue to look at the plead matrix , then she turn and hesitantly begin walk toward sully . sully walk by a video game parlor , ogle some girl , check he watch , then head for the bar on this level . a85 30 100 cont . Cindy walk around the open space , follow sully . she glance back tentatively at matrix , then she keep go . matrix move in the other direction around the open space , all the while watch sully and Cindy . bar 101 New Wave music plays as valley gal and sharp dude dance and mingle about . sully can dig this scene -- he put he dark glass back on . he sit at a table , put the briefcase next to he leg and order a drink . a latin man wear a leisure suit , look completely out of place in a joint like this , enter the bar , and stare at a girl with purple hair . he continue into the bar , catch sully 's eye and sit down at the table with he . he reach under the table and slide the briefcase away from sully until its next to himself , then hand sully , still under the table , a bunch of passport . OPEN space 102 Cindy approach the bar , hesitates , then look back at matrix . across the open space , he nod , urging she forward . she hesitantly move forward . 103 bar Cindy enter the bar , then see a young security guard , cate , come out of the men' room . she move around a corner so matrix can not see she and she stop the guard . cindy there 's a huge guy across the way who either honestly need my help or he 's a escape mental fruitcake . take a look ... cate move into the doorway , casually glance at matrix watch the bar , then cate move out of matrix 's view . he remove the walkie-talkie from he belt and speak into it . cate bigg , you there ? 104 second level another security guard , bigg , a muscular black kid , be flirt with some valley girl and ignore the constant beeping of he walkie-talkie . cont . a85 31 104 cont . bigg . this be not no mexican shit , I be talkin' maui wowie . tire of the beeping , he pick up he walkie-talkie . bigg ( irritate ) what it be , zitface ... intercut : 105 with cate cate there 's a guy up here who may be a wacko . I do not think I can handle he alone . bigg cool down , puke breath , I will be right there . ( smile to girl ) wanna see I kick some ass ? CUT to : matrix 106 matrix be get anxious . he look at he watch . 9:28:00 . bar 107 sully be in conversation with the Latin man , unaware of what 's go on outside . Cindy sneak a look outside and see bigg and he two valley girl approach matrix . OPEN space 108 bigg confidently walk along the top level , the girl follow . he stop abruptly as he see matrix , he eye bulge and he retreat into a alcove and pull out he walkie-talkie . bigg attention all unit ! emergency on the theater level ! suspect be six -foot-two , brown hair ... ( pause ) .and be one gigantic motherfucker ?! bar 109 cate and Cindy be still out of matrix 's view . cont . 32 109 cont . cate you would better stay here , miss . he exit from the bar and move toward matrix . Cindy wait , bite she lip , wonder if she 's do the wrong thing . sully , still talk to the Latin , look up and finally notice Cindy . he move through the dancer toward she . 110 matrix matrix anxiously glance at he watch , then look up toward the bar . Cindy come out into the doorway where he can see she . she glance behind he , then helplessly look right at he . matrix , notice she glance behind he , turn around . five security guard be now approach he . 111 bar sully move toward Cindy . at the doorway . just as he be about to say something to she , he hear a commotion and glance outside . 112 matrix matrix turn from the guard to point at Cindy in the bar and he suddenly see sully approach she . 113 bar sully look out toward the commotion and suddenly see matrix . and matrix be point right at he ! sully Jesus Christ ... 114 top level sully run , bump off of Cindy , and race out onto the top level . matrix , see he run , turn back to the guard advance on he and smashes the lead guard ( bigg ) right in the face . bigg be blasted backward into the other guard , knocking two of they down . matrix see sully run and then look where 's he 's head . a phone booth . CUT to : a85 33 115 abrupt dream image - night Jenny look up as bennett stand in front of she . he raise a gun and point it at she face . CUT to : 116 int . galleria - night matrix scream . matrix no !!! he jump over the railing , leap across a open chasm , drop eight foot toward a stairway , then rush upward . sully get in the phone booth and quickly drop in a quarter . in the b.g. , matrix be racing right toward the booth ! sully try to dial as fast as he can . his face start to contort as he see matrix get closer and closer . sully 's face be wet with sweat . sully pull out he gun and fire through the windowpane at the steadily loom matrix . he miss . he will not get another chance . matrix pick up the entire phone booth , rip it from the wall and smashes it against the railing . people all over the galleria begin to scream . the Latin man dash out of the bar with he gun draw . two real Los Angeles police officer , racing up the escalator with they gun draw , see the Latin . Cindy drop to the ground as the officer aim at he . officer freeze !! the Latin shoot away at the officer , blasting one in the chest and knocking he roll and tumble backwards down the escalator . the other Officer fire away at the Latin , hit he twice . the Latin slam again the railing , the briefcase burst open . a85 34 shoot up 117 thousands of bill come rush out of the briefcase and begin drift downward . latin 118 the Latin , blood ooze out he stomach and eye drift in he head , reach over the railing to grasp futilely at the money . he reach too far . shoot up 119 the Latin drop over the third floor railing , fall right through the drift bill and crash to the floor . matrix and sully 120 matrix try to force open the break phone booth door to get at sully , but the bloody sully crawl out the other way through a break window pane , hang from the railing and drop to the stairwell below . people continue to scream and hug the floor . sully turn around and blast a shot at matrix above . it miss . he race down the stairwell , step on the huddle body . a security guard rush he and sully blast he dead . matrix , run along the third level , see sully jump off the stairwell and get into a glass elevator . it start to descend . matrix look desperately around , look at one of the giant decorative banner span the ceiling , jump onto the railing and tear loose the banner 's end . the lapd cop kneel and aim he gun at matrix and prepare to fire . Cindy be run right at the cop . cindy do not ! d! matrix jump , hang onto the banner . Cindy knock the cop 's aim away . the gun fire , miss matrix . cont . a8 5 35 120 cont . I matrix swing down to the lower level and crash right through the glass into the elevator with sully . the cop come up from the ground and look at Cindy . she look back at he uncertainly . he start to bring the gun toward she and she move quickly to a door mark " stairwell " and disappear . int . elevator - night 121 matrix and sully be both lie bloody and daze in the elevator . it descend silently , the two man lie in the break glass . int . galleria parking garage - night 122 the elevator reach the parking garage and the door open . sully crawl out and dazedly begin to trot toward he car . second behind he , matrix stumble and chase he . CUT to : ext . galleria - night 123 Cindy race out of a door and come out onto sepulveda . a cop down the block point at she . she look around desperately try to figure out what to do . CUT to : int . galleria parking garage - night 124 sully , in he corvette , burn rubber , crash through the wooden parking arm and head out onto sepulveda . matrix , in Cindy 's sunbeam , be right on sully 's heel . ext . galleria parking lot - night 125 sully shoot wildly out onto sepulveda , blasting he horn as he swerve into the wrong lane . Cindy watch he zoom by . she look down the block . now the cop be running toward she . matrix rip out onto sepulveda . Cindy race out onto the street , she hand hold up to stop he . cindy wait !!! cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/23/85 36 125 cont . matrix hit the brake , almost hit she as the car skid out of control to the side . she run toward it . matrix put the car back in gear , floor it and Cindy dive into the car as it start to race by . ext . sepulveda - night 126 matrix speed down sepulveda chase sully . int . sunbeam - night 127 Cindy , on she stomach , move herself into a sit position . she 's now sit on the floor where matrix rip out the seat . cindy X ( angry ) who in the hell be you ?? matrix do not answer . cindy ( angry ) X you steal my car , rip the seat out , then kidnap I . you make I miss my hair appointment . you beg I to help you and you daughter , which I very kindly do . you get I into a shoot - out where people be get kill and blood be spurting out all over the place ... ext . coldwater - night 128 sully come speed up coldwater Canyon . the traffic be lighter now and matrix push the sunbeam 's engine to the limit to catch he . int . sunbeam - night 129 cindy X I watch you rip a phone booth from the wall and swing from the ceiling like tarzan ... I stop the cop from kill you and then they start chase I !! matrix look at the corvette , change gear and speed the sunbeam faster . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/23/85 36 - a ext . mulholland - night 129 - a sully pull onto mulholland , then look in the mirror . matrix 's headlight be get closer . sully floors the corvette , sliding around the curve along mulholland . matrix keep pace . int . sunbeam - night 130 cindy X will you tell I what the hell 's go on ? matrix X no ... sully 's corvette disappear around a curve , matrix cut the corner tightly and suddenly a large truck come right at they ! cindy look out !! a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 37 130 cont . matrix swerve the sunbeam at the last moment , just graze by the truck , and keep go . Cindy have sly down in she seat and cover she face with she hand . she now open she finger , peek through , then lower she hand . she look at matrix . cindy how would you ever get a driver 's license ? matrix I do not ... ext . mulholland - night 131 he revs the engine , bring the car right up behind sully , and ram it against the back of sully 's corvette . bam ! they swerve around another curve . matrix bring the car up close again . sully half glance back and fire a wild shot . blam ! the windshield on the sunbeam splinter . matrix floor the car and completely smashes it into the back of sully 's car . wham ! sully 's car skid off the road , flip a couple time , then crash into the inside face of the cliff . matrix and Cindy skid off the road and crash into the X inside face of the cliff . int . sunbeam - night 131-a X matrix look over at Cindy who 's reeling from the effect of the crash . matrix you okay ? cindy I think I be dead . matrix be p.o.v. 131-b X matrix see sully try to get out of he car . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 38 ext . mulholland - night 131-c X gun in hand , sully crawl dazedly out of the destroy car . matrix approach , kick the gun out of sully 's hand and pick the gun up . matrix empty sully 's pocket and find he wallet and a motel key . he pick sully up , a ankle in each hand , so that he 's hold sully upside down . he begin walk with he . matrix where be she , sully ? sully fuck you ... matrix be approach the sunbeam as Cindy be get out . he swing sully by the heel and beat sully 's head against the fender , leave another dent in the already beat - up car . cindy that 's my car , matrix !! matrix continue to carry sully upside down . matrix I can not hear you , sully . sully fuck you !! matrix loyalty be touch , sully , but it 's not important in you life right now ... very wide angle 132 we see matrix walk right up to the edge of a steep drop along mulholland drive . he have walk out of Cindy 's sight . X Â€¢ matrix but take gravity ... he extend he arm and dangle sully upside - down over the sharp drop . the Los Angeles basin be spread out below , 180 degree of twinkle light . matrix gravity be very important in you life right now . cont . a8 5 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 39 132 cont . sully try to thrash about as the blood rush to he face start to redden it . matrix let go with he right arm . sully 's head drop a foot , matrix 's leave arm drop a little , then adjust to the new weight . sully uhhhh ... matrix I have to warn you , sully ... ( tapping it ) this be my weak arm . sully ( defiant ) you can not kill I , matrix . you X need I to find you daughter . matrix where be she ? he shake sully , move he like a fish on a line . sully I do not know , but cooke know . I could take you where I be suppose to meet he . matrix but you will not . sully why not ? matrix use he right hand to take something from he pocket and he dangle it in front of sully . it 's sully 's motel key . matrix because I already know where . fear start to show in sully 's face for the first time as he stare at the key . he try to grab at the key , X but matrix pull it out of he reach . matrix remember when I promise to kill you last , sully ? cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 39 - a 132 cont.l hope flicker in sully 's eye . sully yes , matrix ... matrix I lie . he drop a scream sully and sully crash to the rock below . matrix and cindy 132 - a Cindy be look at she sunbeam , which be smashed to shit , as matrix approach . cindy now you do not have a car ... matrix look at sully 's car , which be lie on its side . he push incredibly hard against it and it slam to the ground right side up . matrix now I do ... int . sully car - night 132-b X they get into sully 's beat - up car and matrix start the engine and put the car in gear to drive away . cindy wait a minute ... matrix look at she . cindy what would you do with sully ? matrix I ...let he go . he floors the accelerator , leave rubber and blast out of there . CUT to : a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 40 ext . arius' island - night 133 wave crash against a rocky shore . arius ' boat settles next to a dock and several latino ( in guerrilla fatigue ) secure the boat 's line . arius , bennett and Jenny exit from the boat and walk quickly down the dock . 134 ext . estate - night a large estate . a guard patrol the perimeter wall of he see figure approach and turn on a bright searchlight , outline arius , bennett and Jenny as they approach the estate . 135 int . estate - night a second guard admit they into a expensively furnish mansion , bennett go into a side room to join several soldier . arius and Jenny walk down a marble passageway , pass several lavishly decorate room . arius stop she in front of a door and unlock the door . 136 room they enter a room that have be stripped of all furnishings , the window board over . arius lock the door again , then look up and down at Jenny . she take a few hesitant step backward . he gaze at she , then step out into the hallway and close the door . suddenly , the light in the room go out , plunging Jenny into darkness . Jenny move against a wall , slide to a sit position on the floor and begin to shiver from the cold . CUT to : 136-a X ext . sully car - night matrix be drive sully 's car , Cindy sit next to he , through the street of Los Angeles . they be move rapidly . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 41 int . car - night 136-b X matrix I be sorry I get you involved in this . cindy then why will not you tell I what it 's about . matrix reach into he pocket , pull out he wallet , open it and hand it to Cindy . matrix it 's about she . Cindy look at a photo tuck into a wallet , clear plastic photo insert . insert - photo 136-c X it 's a color photo of Jenny . two shot 136-d X cindy be she the one that be kidnap ? matrix nod . matrix some people be use she to force I to do a job . if I do not get to she soon , they will kill she . cindy do you do the job ? matrix no . I know they would kill she even if I do it . the only chance she have be if I get to she before they know what I be do . Cindy look at the photo . cindy be she mother -- cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 41 - a 136-d cont . matrix she die when Jenny be bear . I be in Laos when it happen , so I come home intend to raise she . ( pausing ) but on she third birthday I be in Lebanon . when she go to grade school , I be in angola . when she have the measle , I be in Pakistan . and now she 's be kidnap because of I . cindy why be you always travel ? matrix I be on special assignment . cindy you mean like in the Army or something ? matrix or something . cindy what do you do ? matrix thing you do not want to know about . thing I sometimes wish I do not know about . he look over at Cindy , then look away . matrix that part of my life be over with . all that matter to I now be Jenny . ext . motel parking lot - night 137 X matrix drive the car into a parking lot in front of a motel and park . int . car - night 138 X matrix look out the window toward the motel . then matrix look down at he watch . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 41 -b insert - watch 139 X 05:00 remain . it change to 04:59:59 as we watch . ext . car - night 139-a X matrix get out of the car , close the door and start to move across the parking lot . he stop as he notice Cindy get out of the car , too . matrix what be you do ? cindy helping you get she back . she close the door and join he . he look at she for a beat , then they move toward the motel . ext . motel room - night 140 X they quietly and cautiously approach one of the motel room . the drape be close . Cindy stay a few foot back as matrix , gun draw , slowly ease sully 's motel key into the door lock , then quickly open the door . int . motel room - night 141 matrix , gun out in front , burst into the room . no one 's there . Cindy nervously peek she head into the room , see it 's okay , join matrix inside , close the door and lock the chain . they look around the room . sully 's suitcase be spill open on one of the bed . beer can and fast food container lay open and the bureau drawer be ajar . matrix go to the suitcase and search through it . Cindy check out the bureau drawer . matrix find nothing in the suitcase . he look under the bed , then move to the closet and look inside . it 's empty . there be a sudden loud knocking at the front door . matrix and Cindy immediately look at each other and freeze . cont . a85 revised - " commando " - 4/24/85 41 -c 141 cont. then matrix quietly move to she . matrix ( whisper , urgent ) it 's cooke . let he in ... matrix move into the bathroom and turn on the shower . Cindy tear the cover off the bed , muss up she hair and unbutton she blouse to show some cleavage . matrix and Cindy edge up to the door and matrix flatten himself aginst the wall close to the door . cont . a85 42 141 cont. he nod to Cindy and she open the door a crack so the chain be still lock the door . cooke , stand , outside , look through the crack at she . cooke ( alert ) where 's sully ? cindy he 's in the shower . cooke listen a beat to the run shower . R cooke who be you ? Cindy look he up and down , then slouches toward the crack so she breast push at she blouse . she smile . cindy room service ... cooke look back through the door at she . matrix , at the inside edge of the door , be holding_his gun , ready to fire . matrix can only see Cindy . cooke open the door . Cindy unlock the chain and open the door . cooke move out of the way . Cindy move away from the door . matrix tense , ready to attack . cooke look into the room at the rumple bed , suitcase and fast food container . the shower sound continue to echo from the bathroom . cooke cautiously enter the doorway . wham ! matrix slam the gun against the brawny cooke 's head . cooke crash back against the wall , but do not go down . he grab matrix 's gun hand by the wrist and the two of they struggle for the gun . blam ! blam ! the gun fire into the ceiling as they wrestle around the room . they break a table and crash into a chest of drawer . cont . a85 43 141 cont . I I Cindy move to help matrix . blam ! the gun fire again , shatter the lamp near Cindy , make she duck for cover . cooke slowly force the gun toward matrix 's face . the barrel get closer ... closer ... then almost point right at matrix . with a sudden surge of power , matrix lift cooke off the ground , push he toward the wall and the two of they crash right through the door into the adjoin room . 142 adjoining room a twenty - year- old couple in bed look up in shock as matrix and cooke bounce off they bed and slam against the wall . blam ! the gun fire , shatter the mirror above the young couple and they scramble to safety on the floor on the other side of the bed . matrix and cooke come off the wall and slam onto the floor , the gun come out of matrix 's hand . cooke pick it up before matrix can reach it . cooke point the gun right at matrix 's face , pull back the trigger , then smile . cooke fuck you , asshole . he pull the trigger . click . no more bullet in the bun . the blood drain from cooke 's face . matrix look at he . matrix fuck you , asshole ... he blast cooke in the jaw and cooke go backward through the break door and fall to the floor . 143 original room matrix race back through the break door , start toward cooke , then stop cold . cooke have fall on the break , sharp table leg and the leg go into he back and come out of he chest . cont . a85 44 143 cont . matrix bend down to the barely alive cooke . matrix where be she , cooke ? cooke look blankly back at he . matrix cooke ... cooke !! cooke 's eye go cold and still . he 's dead . Cindy approach and swallow as she look down at he body , the stake come out of he chest . matrix start empty cooke 's pocket . there 's a wallet contain only cash . matrix toss it to the floor . he bring out a lighter and a package of cigarettes , examine the lighter , then toss both object to the floor . he pull out two key on a key chain . they be car key . matrix leap to he foot . matrix come on ! ext . motel parking lot - night 144 matrix and Cindy exit from the room and go out to the parking lot . matrix look at the six car park there , then he break a key off the chain and hand it to Cindy . matrix ( urgent ) try the trunk . they split up . matrix try the car door key into a pontiac . it will not open . Cindy go to the trunk of a Honda . it will not open . matrix race to a Ford . the door will not open . Cindy race to a cadillac . she open the trunk ! matrix race over to she and look into the trunk . it 's empty . he use the door key and open the cadillac 's door . int . cadillac - night 145 matrix look desperately around the inside of the cadillac . nothing . he open the glove compartment and look inside . nothing . cont . a85 45 145 cont . he start to come out of the car , then suddenly stop . he see the edge of a piece of paper protrude from the pocket along the inside of the car door . he pull the paper out and look at it . insert - paper 146 it 's a invoice from " coastal fuel , 110 hermosa St. , Long Beach , California , 90802 " to " patria enterprise , 50 redonda St. , San pedro , California , 90733 . " ext . cadillac - night 147 matrix come out of the car with the invoice and Cindy look at it . matrix make any sense to you ? cindy coastal be a fuel depot that supplies plane . matrix for who -- the airline ? cindy no , usually smaller , private aircraft . matrix you sure ? cindy I be get my pilot 's license . coastal be where my instructor get he fuel . matrix there 's a lot of warehouse around redondo Street . arius must be keep a plane there . matrix close the car door and pocket the invoice . matrix let 's go . CUT to : a85 46 148 int . warehouse - night thirty guerilla soldier be work in the same warehouse that arius and bennett have walk through earlier . truck , tank , jeep , bazookas , machine gun , mortar , etc. be spread around the darken room . 149 ext . warehouse - night matrix remove a ground level , wire mesh grille from the warehouse 's outside wall , then he crawl through and Cindy replace the grille . int . warehouse - night 150 matrix crawl along the warehouse floor in the darken room . he go under a jeep , then pause to survey the room . 151 matrix be p.o.v. the soldier move weapon , metal container and wooden crate from the truck to the jeep . a soldier 's foot walk right in front of matrix , the soldier unload a crate onto the jeep above matrix , then the foot move away . 152 matrix matrix crawl away from the jeep , move low through the shadow , go into a corridor and see a door ajar . 153 matrix be p.o.v. a soldier , vega , be look at some chart on a table . 154 corridor matrix push open the door slightly to see into the rest of the room . as the door move , it creak on its hinge . 155 room vega look up from the chart and see the door be open more then it be . he pause , then start walk toward the door . 156 corridor matrix start to move away from the door , then stop . he hear footstep and conversation approach the other end of the corridor . he 's trap ! a85 47 room 157 vega be two foot away from the inside of the door . corridor 158 matrix desperately grab the door handle and push the door forward . room 159 matrix slam he fist into vega 's stomach , then quickly move into the room , put a choke hold around vega with he leave arm , then carefully close the door with he right . as soon as the door close , the footstep and conversation pass right by the door outside in the corridor . matrix pull vega toward the back of the room , smashes he Adam 's apple , open a closet , , drop the dead vega inside , then close the door . he move to the door lead outside the warehouse , open it and Cindy enter . they begin to whisper . matrix I see all the equipment , but there 's no plane . cindy what about you daughter ? matrix shake he head . matrix arius and bennett be not here . she 's wherever they be . matrix look at Cindy in desperation for a beat , then they begin to look around the room . the room be design as the aircraft control room . there be aerial chart on the table and the wall . there be photo of several military plane and a civilian amphibious plane . there be copy of weather report situate around the room and there be a vhf radio . a85 48 160 coordinate matrix note a set of military map coordinate pencile onto the side of a chart . they read , 8734-5245 ; 8142-5938 ; 7565-5474 . a " scale line " be draw under the coordinate . 161 matrix he study the coordinate , then pick up a draft compass and pen . he put three dot , which correspond to the three set of coordinate onto a coast chart of Southern California . 162 cindy Cindy be study the photo of the aircraft . 163 chart matrix set the width of the leg of the draft compass , then put the point of one of the compass leg onto one of the three dot and draw a circle . 164 matrix and cindy footstep and conversation approach the door . matrix stop draw and freeze . Cindy look toward the door . the footstep reach the door , then continue right by it . 165 matrix matrix use the compass to draw a second circle . 166 chart closeup of the pen as it finish a third circle , the three circle now intersect right over a small island 200 mile west of Los Angeles . 167 matrix and cindy matrix look at the island , then show the chart to Cindy . matrix something 's go on out there . Cindy look at the chart , then back at the photo of the aircraft on the wall . cont . a85 49 167 cont . cindy one of this plane 's a amphibian . maybe they be use it to fly there . matrix come over and look at the photo of the amphibian . cindy let I see that invoice . matrix take it out of he pocket , show it to she and she study it . insert - invoice 168 she see , " 250 gallon of type 4 aircraft fuel . " two shot 169 matrix and Cindy glance at each other as footstep go by outside . they continue to whisper . cindy type four fuel be amphibian and two hundred fifty gallon be what it would take to fly that plane to the island and back . matrix but it 's not here . I see everything they have get . Cindy glance at the invoice , then look up at matrix . cindy it be refuele at pump station thirty - two , Pacific pier . that 's San pedro . matrix how long 's it take to fly out to the island ? cont . a85 50 169 cont . cindy about two hour . matrix look at he watch . insert - watch 170 the watch read 02:56:15 and count down . corridor 171 two soldier , roberto and Juan , come down the corridor they pass the room matrix be in , then Roberto stop . roberto momento ... he come back right toward matrix 's door . he turn the door handle . room 172 he go into the room ! matrix and Cindy be flat against the wall , hide behind the door , inch from Roberto . roberto vega ? he look around for a beat , then turn and leave the room , close the door . CUT to : ext . warehouse - night 173 matrix ( carry the chart ) and Cindy move away from the warehouse and approach sully 's car . cindy be we go to the plane ? matrix not yet . she look bewilderedly at he . cindy where be we go ? matrix Shopping . CUT to : a85 51 ext . car - night 174 matrix and Cindy be in sully 's car speed along a street . int . car - night 175 matrix be drive , he face hard . Cindy glance over at he . CUT to : ext . gun and survival equipment store - night 176 matrix and Cindy slowly drive by the front of a " gun and survival equipment " store . it be heavily barricade with a thick steel grille . they pass some street construction equipment ( steamroller , caterpillar , forklift , flash warning sign , etc. ) , and drive to the rear of the store . there 's a heavy concrete wall with no window . cindy how do you get in ? matrix jerk the car into reverse and race the car backwards around another building until the car be o. s. CUT to : int . gun and survival equipment store - night 177 the camera be in the store shoot out through the steel grille . we hear a rumbling noise and then we see it . matrix be atop a steamroller that be rolling right at the camera . the steamroller crash into the front of the store and the glass shatter inward and the steel grille buckle and crack apart under the roller . matrix jump off the steamroller as the alarm start to clang . he take a shopping cart ( like in safeway ) and start work the aisle . cont . a85 52 177 cont . along the first aisle , he grab a snorkel , mask and flipper and toss they into the cart , then grab a deflate and compress rubber raft and paddle and toss they in , too . he take the cart and shove it down the aisle , the cart come to a roll crash among the debris at the front of the store . Cindy take the cart and quickly roll it out of the store . matrix move to the next aisle , take another shopping cart and move down the aisle . he grab o.d. fatigue pants , a assault - extraction survival vest , a camouflage sweater , black survival boot , and combat knife . he give the cart a shove and it roll crazily down the aisle into the debris . Cindy quickly roll the cart outside . matrix move to the counter and start feverisl - rly move he hand along the underside look for something . matrix come on , come on ... he suddenly feel the hide button and press it . behind he , a wall contain innocuous sport equipment slide to the side , revealing a hide room . matrix push a cart into the room . the store alarm continue to clang . hidden room 178 this room be load with every kind of illegal weapon imaginable . it 's a awesome sight . matrix garb a israeli Desert Eagle ( monster 44 automatic handgun ) , a 'mm . submachine gun , a 12 gauge assault shotgun with fold stock , a steyr 223 assault rifle , a law rocket launcher , grenade , dynamite and fuse , bandolier with ammo and load everything into the cart . a85 53 store 179 he wheel the cart out of the hide room , move down the aisle with it , then carefully push it so it roll by itself the rest of the way to Cindy . matrix get the car . Cindy catch the cart , glance inside and she eye bulge . she wheel the cart away . hidden room 180 matrix reenter the hide room , see if he 's miss anything , be satisfied and leave the room . store 181 matrix pass by the counter and suddenly a cop come out from behind the aisle with he shotgun point right at matrix 's head . he cock the trigger . cop freeze !! matrix quickly look toward the other direction to flee . a second cop be at the end of the other aisle with he shotgun also point at matrix 's head . he cock the trigger . trapped ! CUT to : ext . paddy wagon - night 182 the police paddy wagon drive through the night . int . paddy wagon - night 183 matrix be stand in the back of the paddy wagon , he face up against the small , wire mesh " window " that lead to the front seat where the two cop that arrest he , daryl and fred , be sit . matrix ( urgent ) if you will call kirby , he will tell you !! a8s 54 cop 184 daryl look over at Fred and roll he eye . Fred , who 's drive , smile . back of wagon 185 matrix give up , lean exhaustedly against the paddy wagon wall , and look at he watch . insert - watch 186 the watch read 02:23:02 and count . matrix 187 matrix look hopelessly at he watch . ext . STREET - night 188 the paddy wagon pull up to a red light . to the side , Cindy enter the frame and drive the car up next to the wagon . the two cop glance over at she . Cindy smile and wink at they . int . wagon - night 189 daryl glance over at Fred . daryl hooker , not bad ... the light turn green and Fred drive the wagon through the light . the wagon pull ahead and daryl look into the outside , right rearview mirror . ext . STREET - medium shot of cindy - night 190 her car remain stationary at the light . she be stand next to the car wave to daryl . int . wagon - night 191 daryl look over at Fred . daryl I think she want to give we something . daryl look back toward the rearview mirror . a85 55 ext . STREET - night 192 a close shot of Cindy show she now with the law rocket launcher on she shoulder point at the paddy wagon . she pull the trigger . boom !! a rocket shoot out of the rear of the launcher and completely destroy a bus stop kiosk . cindy uh-oh ... int . wagon - night 193 daryl be stare incredulously into the rearview mirror . matrix 194 matrix , listen to the continue explosion , react . ext . STREET - night 195 Cindy now have the launcher point correctly , and fire at the back tire of the wagon . boom !! the road underneath the back of the wagon explode and the back of the wagon be knocked upward and the wagon crash to its side and skid along the road . the wagon slow and stop , the smoke clear and we see a giant hole along the back and bottom of the wagon . matrix dazedly exit from the wagon , Cindy screech up in the car , matrix dive in the back and she race away . int . wagon - night 196 daryl and Fred , daze but unhurt be try to get out of the wagon . int . car - night 197 Cindy and matrix be speed off into the night . matrix where would you learn to do that ? cindy High ' School . CUT to : a65 56 ext . arius ' estate - night 198 two heavily armed guard patrol the perimeter wall of arius ' estate . int . arius ' estate - night 199 arius and bennett be in the live room surround by ten guerrilla . they be look at a map of Val Verde . insert - map 199 - a the border of the country have arrow draw at different area show where the guerrilla will enter the country . favoring arius and bennett 200 arius how soon do matrix arrive in Val Verde ? bennett glance at he watch . bennett just over two hour . arius let I know as soon as he land . ( pausing ) you think he 's go to give we any problem ? bennett he will do anything we tell he as long as he think he will get he daughter back . arius ' I wonder if he know he 's never go to get she back . arius and bennett look at each other . room 201 Jenny move to the door of she darken room and try the door handle . cont . a85 57 201 cont . it 's tightly lock . she move to a window and pull at the board over it . they do not move . she sit back down on the floor and begin to shiver . CUT to : 202 ext . car - night Cindy and matrix be in the car drive near the water in San pedro . 203 int . car - night Cindy be at the wheel , matrix in the passenger seat . Cindy approach a red light . matrix do not stop . she drive through the light , take a sharp leave and begin drive on a street along the water . 204 there p.o.v. a police car , light flashing , turn onto the street up ahead , and begin racing directly toward they . 205 matrix and cindy Cindy glance at matrix ; he 's watch the police car . the police car get closer and closer to they as they continue to watch , then the police speed right past they , and fade away behind they . Cindy exhales she breath and glance at matrix . he watch as the police disappear , then he turn and stare straight ahead . CUT to : ext . pier - night 206 tight on a old , beat - up grauman Goose seaplane , then we pull back to reveal Cindy and matrix park near it . cont . a85 58 206 cont . they be at a desert pier in San pedro . matrix look at a light shack nearby . L ' CUT to : int . shack - night 207 a guerrilla guard be in the small shack read a aircraft manual . his foot be on the edge of the desk and he casually push he chair to tilt backwards . matrix silently enter the shack and look around . the guard 's back be to matrix . guard and matrix 208 the guard be tilting he chair back and forth ; matrix be stand right behind he . the guard tilt he chair backward , matrix circle he forearm around the man' neck and slam he backward out of frame to the floor . with he leave hand , matrix take a ring of key off of the wall . CUT to : ext . grauman goose - night 209 Cindy , the inflatable raft at she foot , be wait at the plane as matrix , carry two duffel bag of equipment , approach she . she take the key ring from he , open the door of the plane and matrix begin to load the duffel bag inside . int . grauman goose - night 210 Cindy sit in the pilot 's seat and stare at the control as matrix get in the passenger seat . matrix what 's wrong ? cindy this be not a plane ... it 's a canoe with wing . matrix start paddle . cant . a85 59 210 cont. she play with some control and a engine start to turn over . she try the other engine . it cough and die . she try the engine again . it start to turn over , then cough and die again . matrix come on , you piece of shit ! he slam he hand onto the control panel . ext . plane - night 211 the engine start up ! int cockpit - night 212 matrix Works every time ... Cindy revs the engine and start to move the plane . ext . dock area - night 213 a second guerrilla guard be racing he jeep toward the plane . he fire with a pistol . ext . plane - night 214 blam ! blam ! bullet blast hole into the side of the plane . int . cockpit - night - 215 blam ! blam ! bullet smash into the cockpit near matrix and Cindy . matrix lift he submachine gun and fire it . boom boom boom boom boom boom ! ext . dock area - night 216 the guard get 4 bullet blasting into he chest , the jeep go out of control and the jeep and guard go off the dock and crash into the water . a8 5 60 int . cockpit - plane 217 Cindy be racing the amphibian across the water . they get closer ... closer ... closer to a group of boat moor in the water . just before they crash into they , Cindy pull the seaplane up . ext . plane - night 218 the pontoon on the seaplane just clear the mast on the boat ! int . cockpit - night 218- a matrix , look shake for the first time , glance over at Cindy . matrix you know what you be do ? cindy sort of ... matrix swallow a little , bit , then turn to look out the window . they be on they way ! CUT to : ext . gun and survival equipment store - night 219 Police car with flash light surround the front of the gun and survival equipment store . Police officer look at the steamroller and the smashed front of the store . General kirby move away from the police and approach a noncom driver wait by a government sedan . driver matrix ? kirby nod . kirby call the Federal Building . have they monitor every police , aviation and marine channel in the area . driver what be you expect ? kirby World War III . CUT to : a85 T I int . gpi , : " , a goose - night I :. Cindy and matrix be in the cockpit , the light frog , the control panel softly spilling onto they face . the SOUND be the drone of the engine . matrix why would you decide to get a pilot 's license ? cindy my father be a Air Force pilot . that 's why I becarle a stewardess . but after a while , I get tired of serve food ' and drink . I want to fly the plane myself . ( pausing ) I guess what I have really want all along be to be just like h:r :. she look at ma - !x. suddenly the rad , c crackle '--. radio voice attention , unidentified aircraft . CUT tr- , : int . coast guafo-l cutter - night 222 a radar intercept officer ( with headset and lip mke ) be look over the shoulder of a radar operator at a radar scanner . intercept officer this be the Coast Guard cutter ' mcrgenthal . ' you be for lyinc_ over the San miguel Naval gunnery Range . this be a restrict area . CUT to : cindy they shoot the shit out of this area all the time . the flight out of lax avoid it like the plague . matrix can you get under the radar ? cindy not marine radar , but if we get close enough to the water , the high seas effect might camouflage we . matrix try it ... Cindy dive the seaplane downward . Cindy continue to pilot the seaplane just above the water . she reach down to the back of she knee , feel it and grimace . matrix lean over , move she hand and look at what cause she to crimace . a nasty look cut be start to bleed . t': atrix when would you get that ? he reach into one of he duffel bag and pull out bandage and gauze . cindy the car crash . matrix wipe she cut and put the banda :7e dressinc over matrix that remind I of what I be buy you as soon as we get back . cindy what ? she expertly wrap the gauze around she leg and tie it . matrix a new car . cindy with a cassette deck ? matrix with a cassette deck ... she smile . Cindy , watch the fireballs and smoke in the distance , pick up she radio mike . cindy ( urgent ) Coast Guard , this be whiskey , xray , four , four , eight . emergency priority message for General Frederick kirby ... commando !-! say again : commando ! code red at 38 degree nine minute north ; 119 degree 4 minute west . Cindy lower the mike and hit the the throttle , move the seaplane along the coast closer to the bathe CUT to ext . grassy plateau - day 288 Three guerrillas jump into a jeep to get to the action matrix 289 matrix , lie hide nearby , pull a pin on a grenade and begin to count jeep 290 the guerrilla start to pull away in the jeep as matrix 's grenade suddenly land in the back of the jeep . boom ! the jeep explode transport truck 291 twelve guerrilla climb into the back of a transport truck and the truck â‚¬ uic .ly get underway . matrix and truck 292 matrix run in front of a pair of large gate that lead to the estate . qwduction note : this gate be at 5500 palo Verde drive ) , matrix quickly study the gate . cont .. E ext . estate -- day ?- S in the rear _rkina area near the k?tc^&gt;en , N ; - m - : ix go u ; sone y ouutsice sâ€žec then climb onto the - c .. the Rose Garden be a long be 4 a_ncle with runerou , : 's self - containe , multi-eha_ e_ th_c}c hedoe i- . the d ie o'f the garden . arius be behind a hedge at one end or the garden and matrix be behind a hedge abo , : t sixty _ for eet away at the other end of the garden . there be al sc a labyrinth of hedge between , the two man . matf : ix 3 9 matrix watch the bullet blast thro â €¢.:ch the hecce near he . he crawl to the side , the. rise up a :: fire the automatic handgun at the he , :ce where he see arius . boom boom boom boom ! aril be 330 arius watch the bullet blast throuc the hedge near he . he start crawl to the size and then crawl , follow the hedge , towar6 matrix . he and matrix be like cat and mouse . matrix 331 matrix be crawl , follow a hedge , toward arius . he care up to the dear : guerrilla with the flame thry ; wer , that matrix k.: ile in the Rose Garden earlier , then matrix crawl around he . arius peer over the to of a hedge . aril ' f.o.v. 3 - , he see what look l iue movement in a hedge . ar I be S arm rise , fire he submachine gun at the movement , then quickly lower himself to the g. rc he hear somerr : m line . m a trix chhhh ... they be die sound . arius cautiously rise , gun point at the hedge he shot at . the hit arius and he scream . he run a lave some light bush , ump to the pat_c below , then fall down about eight foot away from a fountain and pool of water . he crawl slowly toward the water , stretch he hand out , then . burn to death , he outstretch hand only six inch away from the fountain . 85 int . estate - day 341 with the automatic handgun in he hand , matrix enter the estate . garden room 342 he move silently through the garden room , look at the dead body lie around the courtyard and front hall . dine room 343 he cautiously edge along the dining room . kitchen 344 he enter the kitchen , then stop cold . he look at what 's face he . bennett , hold Jenny , have the switchblade pressed against she throat . matrix point he handgun right at bennett . bennett pull Jenny close against he chest and face , shield himself . bennett ( maniacal ) go ahead , matrix , shoot !! matrix hesitates , then lower he gun . Jenny struggle in bennett 's grip . jenny ( scream ) dad !! bennett ( craze , to matrix ) get out of here !! matrix do not move . bennett grab Jenny 's hair and pull she head back , expose she throat even more . he presses the tip of the sharp stiletto against she Adam 's apple . bennett ( to matrix ) get out or i'll CUT her fucking throat !! matrix hesitates a short beat , then he move back toward the dining room . a65 86 dine room 345 matrix come back into the dining room , lean against a wall , then put he hand down to he wound . the red spotch be larger and wetter than before . ext . estate front parking area - day 346 bennett , with Jenny drape over he neck and shoulder like a towel , race out of the front of the estate toward a jeep park in the front parking area . ( note : the rear parking area could also be use . ) int . dine room - day 347 matrix hear sound of a jeep start outside and he race into the front hall . ext . estate front parking area - day 348 matrix race outside into the front parking area and see bennett drive Jenny away in the jeep . matrix race into the parking area after they . CUT to : ( production note : the secen from here on be to be shot in palo verde . ) ext . grassy plateau - day 349 matrix race through the gate he blow up earlier , pass the shell of the blow up transport truck , leave the road and run over grassy knoll and sand dune . jeep 350 up ahead in the distance , bennett race the jeep toward the dock . close on matrix 351 matrix 's wound be bleed badly and he begin to struggle to run for the first time . matrix be p.o.v. 352 bennett , now drag Jenny along , have leave the jeep and be run along the dock . they stop at arius ' war boat , bennett cut the mooring with he knife , then he force Jenny into the boat . a85 87 dock 353 matrix near the dock as bennett try to start the engine . the engine start to kick over , then stop . matrix race onto the foot of the dock . bennett desperately try the engine again . they start ! matrix race toward the end of the dock . war boat 354 bennett edge the war boat away from the dock , then blast the engine and race the boat away ... dock 355 . just as matrix reach the end of the dock . matrix be p.o.v. 356 matrix watch the boat race away with Jenny . close on matrix 357 matrix have lose she . bennett 's get she ... wider favoring matrix 358 suddenly , he hear a noise and he look to the side . seaplane 359 Cindy be racing she seaplane toward the dock ! dock 360 Cindy slow the seaplane as she pass the dock and matrix grab onto a ladder . seaplane 361 with matrix hang onto the ladder , Cindy blast the throttle and race after bennett 's boat . matrix 362 as the seaplane start to go faster , matrix hold onto the ladder and look at bennett 's boat up ahead . a85 88 matrix be p.o.v. 363 bennett 's boat be about forty yard ahead of the seaplane . int . seaplane - day 364 Cindy push the throttle faster . she watch as the seaplane start to slowly overtake the boat . ext . seaplane - day 365 the seaplane be skimming and skipping over the water . matrix 366 the wind and spray slap against matrix as he watch the seaplane close the gap on the boat . he climb from the ladder onto the wing of the plane , the propeller only about five foot away from he . he crawl along the wing of the plane , the wind whipping at he . int . seaplane - day 367 Cindy glance out toward matrix on the wing , then she grip the control firmly to try to lessen the plane 's bounce . ext . ocean - day 368 the seaplane close to about fifteen yard from the boat . ext . bennett' boat - day 369 bennett look behind he and see the seaplane coming after he . try to steer with one hand , bennett turn toward the seaplane as the boat bounce and fire wildly at matrix on the wing . slam ? blam ! ext .'seaplane - day 370 the bullet whistle by matrix . he continue crawl along the wing until he reach the very end . he pull he gun from he holster and aim it toward the boat . matrix be p.o.v. 371 matrix try to aim the gun through the sight , but the bounce of the seaplane , the bounce of the boat , and Jenny 's nearness to bennett make a shot too risky . a85 89 matrix 372 matrix lower he gun . int . seaplane - day 373 Cindy push the throttle even faster . ext . ocean - day 374 the seaplane start to pull even with bennett 's boat . ext . bennett' boat - day 375 bennett look to the side and see Cindy in the cockpit almost even with he . start to panic , he fire wildly as he try to steer the bounce boat . blam ! blam ! blam '. ext . seaplane -- day 376 a buttet blast into the seaplane body and a second bullet blast into just underneath the cockpit side window . int . seaplane - day 377 the third bullet shatter the cockpit window and explode into the cockpit near Cindy 's head . Cindy do not flinch a bit , and edge the seaplane ahead of the boat . ext . boat -- day 378 Cindy have position the seaplane so that the wing matrix be on be directly over the boat . bennett see the underside of the wing above and fire into the bottom of it , hope to hit matrix . slam ! slam ! ext . wing - day 379 bullet hole rip through the wing inch from matrix 's head . ext . boat - day 380 matrix dive off the wing right into the boat directly on top of bennett !! they crash into Jenny and hit the floor of the boat . a85 90 380 cont . matrix grab bennett 's gun hand and they wrestle for the gun . blam ! a shot blast into the fuel tank at the stern of the boat . whoom ! there 's a small explosion and the rear of the boat erupt in flame . Jenny dive toward the front of the boat for cover . the steering wheel , unattend , shift wildly back and forth . ext . ocean - day 381 the boat be bounce crazily toward a desert rocky beach . insert - sign 382 a large sign on the beach read " danger - U.S. coast guard gunnery range . " ext . ocean - day 383 Cindy , in the seaplane , watch as both the seaplane and burn boat speed right toward the increasingly looming beach up ahead . at the last minute , Cindy swerve the seaplane to the right , away from the beach . ext . boat - day 384 the burn boat continue to race directly at the rapidly approaching rocky beach ! matrix savagely twist bennett 's wrist hand that hold the gun . bennett aaahhh ! 1 he drop the gun on the floor of the boat . the boat be just about to hit the beach ! matrix smashes bennett 's face with he fist , knocking he down onto the floor near Jenny . cont . a85 91 ,384 cont . the burning boat narrowly miss the rock and slam into the beach ! bennett and Jenny be thrown across the floor and slam into the inside wall of the boat . ext . beach - day 385 matrix , stand , , be thrown out of the boat , fly through the air and slam into a spongy patch of sand . CUT to : ext . U.S. coast guard patrol ship - day 386 a captain on the bridge of a Coast Guard patrol ship look toward the ship 's large gun . captain commence target practice ... the gun begin to fire they salvo . CUT to : ext . beach - day 387 matrix groggily gather himself on the sand . he hear the sound of income round and boom ! boom ! boom ! boom ! artillery shell explode on the beach . ext . boat - day 388 bennett grab Jenny and hustle she out of the boat , hide behind the front outside hull of the boat . ext . beach - day 389 matrix run to the opposite side of the boat , and crouch down on the sand , then draw he automatic handgun from its holster . boom ! boom ! some more artillery shell explode , kick up sand not too far away . bennett , he knife against Jenny , be on one side of the boat . matrix , hold he gun , be on the other side of the boat . cont . a85 92 389 cont . matrix ( shout ) this do not involve she , bennett . it 's just between you ... and I . a artillery shell explode near bennett and Jenny . closeup - bennett 390 a closeup of bennett show he reacting disorientedly to the SOUND , smoke and flash of the explosion . abrupt CUT to : quick flashback 391 bennett and matrix have they face press to the dirt as a mortar shell explode near they head . bennett get up , wildly look around , then maniacally fire he submachine gun , killing three young child run scared across a Val Verde field . matrix rise and smashes he rifle butt into bennett 's face . CUT back to : ext . beach - day 392 bennett 's craze mind return to the present . matrix let she go , bennett and I will give you a chance to twist that knife into I . the stern of the boat continue to burn as bennett consider what matrix say . matrix just what I think , bennett , you be still a yellow chicken -shit . bennett 's eye fill with hate . more shell explode nearby . bennett ( scream ) throw the gun away , matrix !! cont . a8 5 93 392 cont . matrix toss the gun away down the beach . bennett violently push Jenny into the wet sand along the edge of the water . matrix 393 matrix take he knife out of he wrist sheath and meet bennett on the sand in front of the boat . matrix and bennett 394 matrix and bennett begin to circle each other . bennett you be dead ... he feint the knife toward matrix . bennett .and so be she . jenny 395 Jenny watch the fight in horror . matrix and bennett 396 bennett jab with he knife and slashes matrix , cause a bloody cut . bennett jab again . this time matrix parry the jab , and slashes bennett , cause a bloody cut on he . they circle each other again , feinting jab at each other . boom ! boom ! two more shell explode and kick up sand nearby . CUT to : int . kirby' copter - day ( traveling ) 397 a lieutenant pilot a copter as General kirby , sit next to he , speak into a radio mike . they be fly along the coast of the island , another Army helicopter behind they . they hear the sound of the explosion . kirby ( into mike ) stop that shelling now ! a85 94 ext . beach - day 398 bennet stab at matrix and matrix grab he wrist . with he free hand , matrix stab at bennett and bennett grab matrix 's wrist . they be lock hand in hand , stare death into each other 's eye . jenny 399 Jenny , watch the fight , notice matrix 's gun on the beach near she and hesitates to pick it up . matrix and bennett 400 suddenly matrix fall backward to the ground , pull bennett with he and flip bennett over he hard to the sand . matrix jump up quickly to finish bennett . bennett quickly throws sand in matrix 's eye . matrix , blind , stumble badly . bennett immediately grab matrix 's knife hand around the wrist , then sink he own knife into matrix 's side . matrix aaahhh ! matrix 's eye go glassy , then he drop he knife . bennett let matrix 's wrist go , look at matrix 's glassy eye for a beat , then he pull he knife out of matrix 's side . matrix stagger for a beat , then stumble a few step and drop to one knee against the front outside hull of the boat . bennett slowly approach matrix from behind , casually feel the blade of he knife . he look at matrix 's wide , unprotect back and bennett smile . bennett pull the knife back with he arm , prepare to plunge it into matrix 's back . close on matrix 401 out of bennett 's sight , matrix slip the knife out of he boot and grip the knife . a85 95 matrix and bennett 402 bennett fuck you , asshole ... he plunge the knife down toward matrix 's back . matrix move like lightning to the side . the knife miss he and get stuck in the hull of the boat . matrix turn toward bennett . matrix ( shaking he head ) no ... bennett try desperately to get he knife unstuck from the boat hull , but he can not . fear flood he eye . matrix move close to bennett . matrix fuck you , asshole ... he drive he knife into bennett 's throat so hard the knife go through bennett 's neck and come out the other side . still hold the knife , matrix then drive the knife into the hull of the boat . the knife stick into the hull , hold bennett 's neck there like a thumbtack hold a note on a bulletin board . boom ? suddenly there be another , larger explosion in the fiery back of the boat and the whole boat explode into flame , leave bennett lose in the fireball . matrix and jenny 403 matrix limp away from the flame , Jenny rush into he arm and he hold she close . she 's cry . she show he she be hold he gun . jenny I want to shoot ... but I could not , I just could not . matrix look at she . cont . a85 96 403 cont . matrix you know something ? I be glad you could not . he take the gun from she and toss it past the burn boat into the ocean . matrix be p.o.v. 404 he see two Army helicopter approach from the air and Cindy bring she seaplane to the beach . ext . beach 405 matrix lie down , he head in Jenny 's lap , and try to still he bleed . the two copter land . kirby get out of one and two medical corpsman with a stretcher get out of the other . the corpsman bring the stretcher to matrix and gently ease he onto it . they start to carry he as Jenny walk alongside . kirby I just see what 's leave of arius ' estate ... you be the best I have ever know , John ... I have save a place for you if you want to join up with I again . matrix notice as Cindy join Jenny stand next to he . matrix look at the two of they , then up at kirby . matrix this be the last one ... the corpsman carry matrix into the copter and Jenny join he inside . kirby and Cindy watch he from outside the chopper . kirby what about you identity ... do not you need two more ? matrix no ... cont . a85 97 405 cont . icirb y ( confuse ) why not ? matrix look at Cindy . matrix two might not be enough ... the chopper wing have start and the chopper be prepare to liftoff . matrix and Cindy be look at each other . the chopper start to liftoff . Cindy suddenly run to the chopper and jump in the door as it lift off . matrix put he arm around she , then he look back toward kirby . matrix hold up three finger and smile . ext . ocean - day 406 kirby wave good - bye as the chopper rise high above the beach and fly out over the ocean . fade out the end