dave barry complete guide to guy written by Jeff arch from the book by Dave Barry February 2nd , 2004 fade in : ext . miami - ocean ave , south beach - day blaze sun . music everywhere . everybody 's live la vida . leopold ( v.0 . ) and we be good to go . two men come out of the beacon HOTEL . loud Hawaiian shirt , walk a Chihuahua . they pause ; take in the scene on Ocean . adjust they earpiece . leopold ( v.0 . ) proceed to first checkpoint and hold . they thread they way to the corner ... across the street .. .onto the promenade . under fat shady palm tree , to a clearing -- CUT to : ext . the roof of the beacon HOTEL - continuous agent stearn have a rifle with a kick - ass scope . agent leopold watch through binocular ; talk through a collar mike . leopold okay sit tight . company 's come . through binoculars now , as two deadly men approach like barracudas . a third guy , behind they , the kingpin they be protect . then as treetop block the view -- leopold shit. hang on . Leopold scan , look for they . search , until he find -- leopold whoa -- the Hawaiian shirt guy hear that . the see the barracudas , get nearer ; steal a look at the roof ... CUT to : Pov from rooftop - through binoculars - a fantastic blonde rinse off at a outdoor shower . bead of spray skip off she like diamond in the sunlight . 2 . stearn oh , mama . she bend , twist ; water stream down every delicious curve . leopold she sure be take she time ... stearn she must be really salty ... leopold ( shake he head ) it 's not just the salt . she 's get sunscreen on . then the sand get on that , and it stick ... ( then still watch ) Hell , one time I be in Hawaii ? and this three model -- stearn wait a minute . ( look at he ) Hawaii . leopold -- shit ! he whip the binoculars back : but all that 's leave be the Chihuahua . then , walk into the spot -- dave hi , I be Dave Barry . have something like this ever happen to you ? ( bend down to pet the chihuahua ) because if you be a guy - or if you know someone who be - then what you have just see should look pretty familiar . he pick up the Chihuahua , start walk with it . dave scientist call this condition " lust induced Brain freeze . " it affect million of guy , every day , in all walk of life -- cause anything from a mild embarrassment , to a international incident . he stop . find leopold and stearn and several other agent point gun at he . 3. leopold Hand over the dog . dave hey . I do not even know it be a dog . they take it from he ; rush it away . Dave turn to camera . dave notice I do not say it 's a condition that affect man every day -- only guy . and that subtle but important difference be one of the thing this movie be about . CUT to : int . live room - night a husband and he wife . he have suitcase by the front door . wife you will never get away with this . I will sue you down to you last penny . husband good luck - I transfer everything we own into private account , where you can not touch it . in fact , as of now , you be break . wife but ... why ? husband I have fall in love with another woman . a young woman . prettier , with no cellulite . actually , I think you would like she . wife you bastard . the image freeze . Dave walk into the room . dave now clearly , this woman be deal with a man . ( more ) 4. dave ( cont 'd ) whereas guy be not capable of do anything like what you just see . guy be more like this : CUT to : int . a bar / restaurant - night a different husband sit across from he wife . above and behind she be a tv with Sports Center on . wife I just want you to know , I have think about this a lot . guy husband mm. wife and I have talk it over with everyone I know . guy husband ( nods ) good . she look down ; stir she soda . wife so there 's nothing leave to do now , but leave you , forever , and only see you from across a shiny conference table with bloodthirsty lawyer all around it . guy husband ( a beat ; turn to she ) -- okay . wife " okay ? " that 's all you have to say ? ( then watch he ) well then I guess this be it . she push back from the table , start off . guy husband wait a minute . ( then ) this can not be happen ... the word she 's wait for . she turn , relieved . guy husband ( to the tv ) how can you dq that ? how can you trade lupenza ? ( then to the bartender ) what 's the matter with this people ? bartender beat I . I see this on the eight o'clock . guy husband he 's the backbone of the whole team ! they be piker without lupenza ! wife I will see you in court . guy husband -- I gotta call lenny . he take out he cell phone . she level a look . wife maybe you should call you lawyer too . guy husband if he could hit left-handed pitching , I would . ( then ) lenny . pick up -- the yankee get lupenza ! the image freeze . CUT to : ext . a front porch - day two old people on a glider . lenore talk directly to camera . albert be absorb with some device that we can not see . lenore well when I meet he , I do not know so much . about guy , or man or what have you -- we just do not talk about such thing then . in fact , I do not see he naked until quite well into we marriage . when be it Albert ? 6 . albert a year ago . by accident . lenore anyway . I think I be marrying a man , but do not know that in he heart , he be a guy . dave ( o.s. ) when do you first suspect ? lenore not long after the wedding . but it do not bother I . I just do not know how to recognize the sign . but we have learn to live with it . have not we , Albert ? ( then after a beat ) Albert . albert it 's twelve hundred and thirty - one mile from this spot right here , to Cleveland . lenore what do that have to do with anything ? he hold up the device - handheld gps . albert six hundred fifty - one from Atlanta . lenore who care how far we be from Atlanta ? albert you have a cousin there . lenore Albert . there 's a person here ask we question . there 's a film crew here . he look up at the camera , as if just notice someone there . then hold up the gps -- albert you . where do you live . dave ( o.s. ) here in Miami . albert what part . lenore bury she head . CUT to : ext . miami beach - day Dave walk down a crowded street . colorful day life . dave like a lot of big city , Miami be know for its sizeable population of guy . so we come here to take the city 's pulse on the subject . CUT to : int . a secretary's office cubicle - day a young , pretty , single secretary . secretary let I put it this way . everyone I ever date be a male . I mean they be all man . but only some of they be guy . you know ? dave ( o.s. ) I see . secretary ( think about it ) -- the guy be funnier . but the man be more responsible . you could almost half - believe they when they tell you something sometimes . dave ( o.s. ) so , if you be to meet someone that be funny and responsible ... secretary that would be a woman . CUT to : ext . equestrian estate - stable - day a 20 - ish horse groomer talk to the camera while she comb out a mane . 8. horse groomer well guy , they be sort of like you older brother . and man be like you dad . dave ( o.s. ) in what way ? horse groomer you older brother do not have to grow up . you dad come that way . CUT to : ext . barn - day Dave walk out of the barn towards camera . dave so now you have some background on basic guy attribute . but before we move on , let 's look at one more scene and see where you stand -- CUT to : title card : " roger and elaine " int . elaine's live room - day elaine work at a window desk . roger watch NFL on fox . JOHN madden ( on tv ) -- now that 's the kind of middle linebacker you like to see . he 's get the mud all over he , he 's get the bleed knuckle , he 's get the clump of grass all jamme in he helmet -- elaine Roger ? roger ( to the tv ) oh man you gotta show that again shepause ; chew she pen ... elaine Roger ... I think I really love you . ( more ) 9 elaine ( cont 'd ) ( look over there ) but I can not bear the uncertainty anymore , of where this relationship be go . Roger turn ... elaine I be not ask whether you want to get marry . only whether you believe that we have some kind of a future together . that you , and I - have a future . JOHN madden now this be just what you want in a playoff game . you get snow , you get mud , you get a lead that keep change , you get two great team that just hate each other to the bone and would rather die than give up ... Roger look ... then take the remote and turn off the tv - wave Elaine over , who cuddle into he . roger I have be think too , Elaine . and for the first time in my life , I be feel like I might really be close to a last commitment . I have not say anything up until now because it 's always be important to I that I not mislead you . but yes , Elaine . I want to think that we dq have a future . and with a little more time , I think I could be sure . elaine oh , Roger ... he smile . stroke she hair and pull she in even closer . they share a long deep sigh together , as the picture freeze and dave walk in . dave if this be how you respond , you be not a guy . you may not even exist . ( then take the remote ) on the other hand ... 10 . roger and elaine digitally rewind back to there earlier position . dave restart the action as elaine be saying -- elaine I be not ask whether you want to get marry . only whether you believe that we have some kind of a future together . that you , and I - have a future . ( then look at he ) Roger ? roger ( engross in game ) what . freeze on she look , and -- dave ( to camera ) if that be you ... you be a guy . CUT to : int . a dressing room - night sheryl crow talk to the camera before go onstage . the muffle sound of the warmup band o.s. sheryl crow well there be always guy at my show - right from the beginning . I mean you start out play beer hall , right ? so when you have beer , you have guy . and it sorta just grow from there . but I be okay with it . they do not cause much trouble . dave ( o.s. ) and what about man . sheryl crow Men cause trouble . ( then ) but that 's okay too . I get half my song from that . dave ( o.s. ) so it all work out . 11 . sheryl crow Long as they buy the record ... CUT to : int . miami public library - day Dave walk along the stack in the anthropology section . dave so where do this all start ? many expert now think they know where man come from , but what about guy ? where do they come from ? he stop , peel off a thick book full of science thing . dave to answer this question accurately , we might have to look something up . so instead we will travel back to prehistoric sub -saharan Africa , and get there just in time for the Dawn of guy . CUT to : title card : " the dawn of guy " CUT to : ext . prehistoric africa - moonlight the endless expanse . a cluster of cave . SOUND efx of all kind of nasty shit out there . skitter over rock . slither through the grasses . bigger predator , circle ... a rooster cock he head back and crow out . CUT to : tnt . one of the cave primate roger open one eye ... sees primate elaine , primate kide and primate in - law . hairy grunt thing , all sleep in a protective clump ... 12 . he roll over , back to sleep . but the rooster crow again ... CUT to : the rooster , cooking on a OPEN FIRE CUT to : ext . the cave - morning primate roger come out . a sleepy nod at primate gene and other primate , as they take up large jagged rock slab lean against they cave and start off . in a few million year they will be leave suburban driveway this way . ext . trail from cave area - cave in b.g . - morning primate roger and primate gene have join primate lenny and primate phil . all carry they slab of jag rock . primate roger grunt grunt grunt grunt grunt ! ( subtitle ) 0 -- and that 's why wildebeest be so mean . primate gene grunt grunt ! 0 ha ha ! primate lenny grunt grunt grunt ! 0 that 's really funny ! primate phil grunt ...0 I do not get it ... the other three look at he . ext . the cave area - day primate women work in stoop - over position , try to pound root and tend fire while baby primate crawl all over they . they hear the primate guy ' laughter trail off . they trade look ; something seem to pass between they ... ext . hunting ground - day primate Roger , gene , lenny and phil get to the grounds and see primate pete and louie already there . this two do not have the rock slab though . 13 primate roger grunt grunt ? 0 whassup ? primate pete grunt grunt grunt . 0 nothing . we have be hunt . primate gene grunt grunt ? 0 where be you jag rock slab ? primate louie grunt ? ❑ slab ? ( look at primate pete ) grunt grunt grunt ? ❑ who need slab ? primate Pete laugh with he ; then hold up a round rock , about the size of a grapefruit . primate Roger and primate gene trade look with primate lenny and primate phil . grunting / subtitles continue . first four primate ooooohhhh . ooooohhhh . primate roger where would you get that ? primate pete primate Discount manny . he just get they in . primate roger mind if I have a look ? primate pete be my guest . he hand it over . primate Roger lay down he jag rock slab to check it out . his buddy gather round . primate gene how do you kill a animal with that ? primate louie you throw it . 14 . primate lenny you mean you do not chase the old one until they get tired and then hit they with the jag rock slab ? primate pete ( shake he head ) you can stand in one place all day . and when they go by , you just let loose . he show a throw motion . the first four look intrigue . primate louie you can carry more than one - and if you be throw uphill , it roll back down if you miss . it 's so much easier with this . primate gene -- I be stick with mine . ( then off they look ) we have be use this jag slab forever . and you know why ? because they work . and anyway , kill they be only half of it -- how be you gonna skin a wildebeest with that ? they look at primate Pete : yeah , how ? but he 's there . primate pete we get the woman to do it . they look among themselves . they like it . but then . primate roger how ? primate pete -- I be work on it . CUT to : ext . the cave area - sunset the primate women be still , pound root and tend fire and deal with climb primate kide . they hear shout o.s. ; gather and go to the ridge where they see Pov from ridge -- the primate guy be come back , without they jag slab and without any animal . but they be have great fun : 15 . run in primitive pattern , and throw one of the rock back and forth and chase whoever have it . it look like the beginning of rugby , or Australian rule football , in term of all they need now be beer . the primate women watch . and trade look . once more , something seem to pass between they ... CUT to : int . primate cave - night primate Roger and primate Elaine try to keep it down for the primate kid ' sake . primate elaine ( grunt , subtitle ) please do not tell I you get rid of you jag rock slab . primate roger but this be great ! primate elaine but you do not kill anything . primate roger nobody 's go with jag slab anymore . primate elaine but the kid be hungry . primate roger what about you pound root ? primate elaine pound root be a side dish . they need balance in they diet . ( then off he look ) and another thing - suppose you do start bring animal home use this -- who 's go to skin and clean they ? he look at she - the SOUND of tomorrow's rooster crowing as CUT to : ext . the cave - morning primate Roger come out of the cave , with he rock . he give it such a look . 16 . then look up at the sky he hurl it , up as high as he can ... and the camera follows the rock , up , up , in slow motion , peaking , then starting its descent back to earth -- only now it's not a rock but a window -- CUT to : int . roger and elaine's live room - night -- which roger be hold , across from elaine on the couch . elaine five hundred dollar ? roger it can hold a thousand address . elaine so can my address book . roger can you address book pick up you em-ail ? elaine no but my computer can . roger well this can do both . elaine for five hundred dollar it should give I a manicure , Roger ! it should drive I home from work at night ! how could you spend that kind of money without discuss it first ? on Roger 's look ... the picture freeze . Dave walk in . dave there 's a whole list of thing a guy be suppose to discuss first . unfortunately , he never know what they be until he 's already not discuss they . ( more ) 17 . dave ( cont 'd ) to a girl it 's a pain in the butt . but to a guy - some thing just come naturally ... CUT to : ext . the prow of a ship - day shroud in fog . explorer roger scan the horizon through a spyglass . next to he be long - suffer explorer elaine . explorer elaine well do you ask ? explorer roger this be a shortcut . explorer Elaine shake she head . Dave enter . dave there 's a very simple reason why guy do not ask for direction . it 's because they know that if they do , someone else - most likely visigoth - will come and steal they woman . camera pan to the side rail , where a cluster of hungry visigoth nod , slobbering , confirm this . explorer elaine I just want to get to Colonial America . CUT to : title card : " guy in colonial america " ext . boston harbor - night a bunch of guy dress as Indians be throw barrel into the water . a colonial reporter interview colonial roger . colonial reporter -- and this be you way of express the public outrage over the high - hand anti-democratic action of the british government in general and King George III in specific ? colonial roger ( look a little nervous ) uh , yeah . 18 . colonial reporter might I ask , sir , whose idea be this ? colonial roger ( point ) guy over there . colonial reporter the one drink coffee ? colonial roger that 's he . his name 's starbuck . he say to get rid of all the tea . colonial reporter ( nods ; then ) I see . one more question . be not that Greek fraternity letter paint on you chest ? the guy look ; greek letter in greasepaint . colonial roger I do not do that . ( then as the reporter wait ) do not tell anyone . CUT to : ext . miami - outdoor cafe - day four miami girl , ethnically cross-section . lila . mia . sidra . karla E. lila well that 's pretty much how it be right now , right ? they do not grow up . or , they grow up , but they do not change . mia ( nods ) you want to know how to spot a guy , there 's you first clue : look for a otherwise man who do not grow up . sidra no they grow up all right -- but only just enough - you know ? ( more ) 19 . sidra ( cont 'd ) like they will meet the absolute minimum requirement of be a man , but that 's it . the rest of the time they be fourth -grader . walk fourth - grader . karla E more like drive fourth grader . sidra with credit card . lila and a phone . mia and give they ten minute on they own ? or put they in with other guy ? now you have go nuclear . karla E please . CUT to : ext . burger king - day the lot be fill with 60' and 70' car . Dave get out of a chevy vega ; have mutton - chop sideburn , talk to camera . dave in learn to understand guy today , it 's important to remember that this same guy , only yesterday , be just kid . CUT to : int . burger king - day a table of 8 year old boy : punch , eat , climb all over each other . one poor luckless dad with they . burger king dad stop punch ! burger king kid we be not punch ! burger king dad you be too punch - now stop ! we do not come here to punch ! 20 . they stop ; look at he as if he 's crazy . then one of they notice roger at 8 look o.s. burger king kid hey Roger 's get a girlfriend . roger at 8 I do not ! burger king kid then what be you look at ! roger at 8 nothing ! and they start punch again . the dad look up - so weary ... dave ( at counter ) here we can see where even at a early age , guy behavior be already well develop along complex pattern that social scientist have call , " jerk . " while girl at the same age be refer to by the same social scientist , as " human being . " angle on a table full of girl - including elaine at age 8 they be all chat nicely , pass out napkin and ketchup packet make sure everyone have what they need . while the mother that bring they quietly read a novel . dave see ? human . he walk past with he takeout order . as elaine at 8 notice Roger , blush , take all this punishment because of she . burger king dad ( as Dave exit ) will you please stop punch ! CUT to : int . noted pediatrician office - day Dave sit across from a british guy with a subtitle say , " noted pediatrician . " he have a laser pointer and a powerpoint presentation . 21 . dave where be we in the area of guy violence , Doctor . scientific expert well first , one must understand the inherent difference in DNA and cell structure as relate to man and woman . ( clicking slide ) for example , all woman have a gene that make they have the need for meaningful conversation . likewise , all man have a gene in they that we scientist believe be directly related to violence . dave and what can be do about that . scientific expert well , some of my esteem colleague be quite keen on the idea of tamper with the DNA itself - a idea with which I heartily disagree . the bastard ... dave then what would you recommend . scientific expert I ? well they can start by spread out the funding a little bit . let a few other scientist wet they beak . I mean what 's the point of reward the same tired old hack , year after year -- dave I mean about guy violence . scientific expert oh -- ( then shifting back ) well nothing , really . I mean , what can you do . short of lobotomize they , anyway . no I suppose we will just have to continue to channel they aggression into socially acceptable outlet . like professional wrestle , or the space program . dave I see . can I ask you a question ? 22 . scientific expert certainly . dave where would you get that laser pointer . scientific expert it 's mine . CUT to : ext . toy world warehouse planet - day Dave stand in front of the entrance . dave a lot of work have be do in the field of child 's toy and how they unconsciously reinforce gender role . Studies have find that over ninety - three per cent of this work be do by researcher who do not have child of they own . but to test the theory anyway , we be here at toy World warehouse Planet . CUT to : int . toy world warehouse planet - day Dave shepherd new father gene up to the customer help counter . dave hi ! my friend here be look for toy for he son that be gender neutral , environmentally sound , and culturally unbiase ! sale guy here it be . he bring up a box with a picture of a spin top on it . new father gene what 's it do ? sale guy it 's recyclable . 23 . new father gene where be the truck and gun . CUT to : ext . toy world parking lot - day New Father gene meet up with new mother kelly at the car . she come from grocery world ; he help load up the bag ... new mother kelly what 's this ? new father gene ( look , see the toy store BOX ) oh I get that for benjy . new mother kelly you be suppose to get a rattle . new father gene all the rattles be recall . new mother kelly so you buy a tank . new father gene wait will you see what this can do , baby . benjy 's gonna love it . new mother kelly oh yeah ? can he shake it ? will it rattle ? new father gene rattle ? this thing will bring down a bookshelf ! she look at he . he will be return the thing within second . camera pan to Dave , who shrug . CUT to : ext . detroit - ed' auto shop - day a rundown place with junked car out front . ed 's a intense little guy in a Tigers ' hat and a couple major tattoo . ed well I be into firework . I like to take them apart , you know . and study them . see what make them tick . 24 . he show Dave a box with assorted firework inside . ed I just get this from Ohio . I do not think they be as good as the one I get from Tennessee . not as loud , you know ? dave well no , if loud be you -- ed if you want to hear loud - listen to this . he go over to a different box , take out what look like a stick of dynamite . get ready to light it ; turn to camera . ed you may want to step back a couple hundred yard . CUT to : int . dave' car - traveling - day as Ed 's Auto shop recede in the background - with a loud explosion accompany - dave so when we see guy like Ed , and he firework - or guy shoot marine flare into innocent pumpkin , or building catapult that will throw a buick - we should not condemn they . we should not assume this be just pointless juvenile activity . instead we should be convinced they be , and move on to guy in the workplace . CUT to : ext . CITY STREET - philadelphia - day a philadelphia girl stand outside a cheesesteak place . philadelphia girl guy at work ? or guy do work . ( more ) 25 . philadelphia girl ( cont 'd ) I mean unless you want to talk about fax or email they stupid joke back and forth . sick joke . CUT to : ext . wall STREET - day Dave and a seasoned broker eat hot dog from a corner cart . broker ten , fifteen year ago ? a guy would call you up with some joke he just hear . so you wanna pass it on , it 's by phone . one person at a time . then a while later , some guy call you up with the same exact joke . then when group fax come in , it really sped thing up . next thing you know there 's like ten fax on you machine , from place you never even hear of . place around the world , I be say . dave and how long would that take . broker a run of the mill , ' guy walk into a bar ' joke , that would take about .a. week to come back to you . the topical one , you mass murder and tragic accident and the like , they be naturally gonna have a lot more heat on they and they will circulate a lot quick . I mean no one 's gonna sit on a princess diana joke until three week after the crash . no one i know , anyway . ( then chewing ) now there 's the internet -- and what use to take a week will take like second . I be tell you it 's get harder and harder to keep up . dave a lot of people do not understand the attention and the kind of importance this joke have . broker who . ( more ) 26 . broker ( cont 'd ) ( then ) oh you mean woman ? well , you know - what 's the importance of have fifteen pair of shoe ? dave no one know that . CUT to : title card : " roger and elaine " int . elaine's car - day Roger be slump across the back seat ; mess - up clothes and in obvious pain . Elaine drive ; talk to camera . elaine so I get this call at work . ( then to Roger back there ) you want to tell this ? roger its just a sprain . elaine ( shake she head ) I get on the phone and they say he 's okay - but maybe I should come down to the paper and get he . do he look okay ? roger it 's a sprain . it just look worse . elaine not the way I hear it . CUT to : tnt . newspaper build - earlier that day Roger 's at he desk ; can not help but hear patrick , tom and gene talk nearby . patrick he 's how old ? tom High school . a sophomore . 27 . gene Big deal . I could run the forty that fast . tom you and who - the flash ? this kid set a national record . gene yeah ? what nation . back to : tnt . elaine's car - continuing elaine ( to roger ) tell I something . if the article be about a poem there would not be a argument - would there . roger why would there be a article about a poem . elaine I be just say . I do not see the four of you fight over who can write the better sonnet . roger so ? elaine so no one get hurt write sonnet . roger ( off she look ; then ) it 's a sprain . back to : int . the newspaper build - day Roger listen more agitate as the argument mount . gene when do you last run the forty ? patrick hey . I could beat you in the forty run backwards . 28 . tom you could not even beat you butt run backwards . roger ( from he desk ) will you guy cut it out ? they stop . look at he . roger the kid in the story 's in high school . you be not . you be suppose to be adult and you be brag about who can beat who in a stupid footrace . tom no one 's brag . patrick gene 's just say he can run the forty in under six second . roger hey . I can do it in under six second . freeze the picture , on they expression . bring up " chariot of FIRE " music dissolve t0 : ext . CITY park - day the four guy crouch in they start stance . a secretary stand at the end of a mark - off course with a stopwatch and a whistle . she blow the whistle . they be off . slow motion with music all four guy explode off the line . Patrick get five stride and go down . Tom get two more and fall , howling in pain . then gene and Roger , neck and neck for at least three more stride until Roger hear a " pop , " that echoes over the music , and go toppling down . as gene finish alone - grip he side in awful pain but pump he fist in victory . 29 . music fade as dissolve to : int . elaine's apartment - night Elaine come in ; Roger , limping and lean heavily on she . elaine I do not know why I listen to you . you need to see a doctor . roger it 's a sprain , Elaine . elaine Roger you can not walk . roger it will work itself out . she give he a look . Parks he long enough to close the door behind he . without she support , he drop to the floor . she turn to the camera . elaine why will not they go to the doctor ? CUT to : int . doctor' office - day british , white coat , stethoscope . doctor here 's why . he hold up a rubber glove . dangle it harmlessly . doctor I do not care who they be . if they think there 's even a chance they doctor will use one of this - and they always assume there be - they will not come in . ( more ) 30 . doctor ( cont 'd ) ( put it away , shake he head ) if there 's anything out there that would bring they in ... it have not be invent yet . CUT to : title card : " the fantasy guy medical clinic " ext . fantasy guy medical clinic - day it say so on the sign . another sign , like a international road sign , have a graphic of a hand in a rubber glove with a red line through it . there be also sport team banner . CUT to : int . exam room - day the doctor check a guy chart . there 's a tv with espn on in the exam room . guy doctor what seem to be the problem ? guy patient well the main thing be , I keep cough up blood . and I get this really severe chest pain , and double vision sometimes . and every night at sunset , little worm come burrow out of my skin . guy doctor it 's just a sprain . guy patient that 's what I think . CUT to : title card : " guy feeling " int . miami - outdoor cafe - day Karla E , Mia , lila and sidra again , with Dave . dave a lot have be say about how guy do not share they feeling . 31 karla E you mean they have they ? mia or they have they and do not acknowledge they . lila or they do not think that other have they . sidra or they just do not think . dave ( as they agree on that ) -- be it possible that they do have feeling , they do acknowledge they and they do know other have they - but they just do not express it the same way ? four blank face look at he . then . karla E Sports . they have feeling about sport . lila and they underwear . ( poll they ) you ever try and throw out they underwear ? mia once . I nearly lose my life . sidra they act like it 's so sacred . I have see pair of brief with hole in they larger than the leg hole . ( as the other nod ) I try to throw a pair out once ? and sneak it past he ? he go out into the garbage and find they . he say he could not trust I after that . karla E tell I what that 's all about . sidra I do not even want to think about it . 32 . dave ( off they reaction ) so you agree then , that guy at least have feeling . mia they just waste they . that 's all . CUT to : ext . suburban townhouse - night roger and elaine get out of Roger 's car . Elaine have a armload of magazine . elaine now remember . gene 's dad be real sick . Kelly say he do not talk about it . so see if you can draw he out . roger he already do talk about it . elaine oh ? what do he say ? roger he say he dad be real sick . she give he a look . get to the door . roger what be that ? elaine Kelly 's boss be turn forty . roger so you be give she magazine ? elaine ( a look ; then ) just see if you can get he to talk . CUT to : int . den - night there 's a game on . gene sort of stare . Roger have a shoebox on he lap ; go through gene 's sega cartridge . 33. roger galaxian . Far out ... gene ( while Roger keep looking ) can you believe the yankee get lupenza . roger they get everybody . gene I know . they suck . roger I know . silence . Roger pull out two cartridge , compare they . gene I get to level 24 of arkanoid . roger ( turn ) -- you be kid . gene shake he head . he 's not . this be big . roger you have see the evil presence ? ( then off he look ) what 's it look like ? gene shrug ; even the best of friend . Roger understand . camera pan to Dave . dave believe it or not , lady - that be share . ( then nod to kitchen ) and believe it or not , guy - so be this -- CUT to : int . kitchen - night Elaine and Kelly with magazine and write pad . elaine well I do not know . how do you think she feel about get older ? 34 kelly I do not know ... I know how I feel . how do you feel about it ? elaine how do anybody feel . kelly ( nods ) so you think she will want a smaller gather ? elaine well if we go that way , we know who to invite . kelly but then who do we not invite . elaine exactly . and how be they go to feel about that . kelly so maybe we should make it a slightly larger gather . elaine -- depend on the food , I guess . I mean , if we go with a larger gather ... kelly exactly . elaine ( find the right magazine ) I see something earlier in here about low - fat hor d'oeuvre . kelly oh - I have see that one too . they open to the article , scan it . elaine hmm . kelly hmm . 35 . elaine you think what I be think ? kelly that if we have low fat hor d'oeuvre she will think we notice she 's gain weight ? elaine exactly . kelly ( consider that ) maybe just blow it out , you know ? I mean it 's a party . go with the high fat . elaine think she will not think we have notice the weight gain . kelly unless she think that 's insensitive . you know , that we have not notice ... elaine hmm ... they close the magazine , look through the other when : kelly how about medium fat hor d'oeuvre ? elaine and we could cut they into smaller piece ? kelly ( then ) she could think we be be cheap . elaine and how would she feel about that ... CUT to : int . the den - same Roger and gene watch a porsche commercial without the sound . gene that one have the gps . with the screen that have map of everything ? 36 . roger what about with the convertible . gene it 's optional on the convertible . unless you get the turbo , then it 's standard . roger phil wonkerman get the turbo . gene no shit ... phil get a porsche ? roger Said it be he birthday present to himself . gene ( impressed ; then ) when be he birthday . roger beat I . probably around the same time when he get the car . gene no shit ... ( then ) maybe we should get he something . roger ( look at he ) he just get a porsche . gene right . they look at the tv again . then , from the kitchen doorway : elaine Roger ? they turn . Elaine give Roger a look . picture freeze as : 37 . dave Roger meet Elaine at a company event . CUT to : ext . a HOTEL pool - day people with nametags mingle with drink and appetizer . Dave come away from the hot buffet table with a great haul . dave -- they discover they have something in common right away . he point to roger and elaine , over by a tiki-torch . elaine you be kid ! that be you ? at the Burger King ? roger I be in fourth grade . elaine I be too ! but my God , you remember that ? dave ( off Roger 's nod ) she love that he remember that . CUT to : int . a bowling alley - night a glow - BOWL night ; neon and black light and music . dave ( hand out shoe ) a few night later , he ask she out . he point over to the lane where they be bowl . dave they have a good time , and so he ask she again . and then before too long they be see each other regularly , and not see anyone else . ( more ) 38 . dave ( cont 'd ) ( then ) of course , Elaine be the only one who know that ... CUT to : ext . restaurant - parking lot - night Roger open Elaine 's door for she , then go around . she linger , watch he before she get in . roger what . elaine nothing ... she smile ; get in . Roger pause . camera pan to dave . dave Roger have no idea that this be a define moment for she . Roger get in . fuzzy but not sure why . CUT to : int . roger be car - night Roger drive . Elaine look out ahead . Long stretch of road and no one on it . she turn ; look at he . elaine do you realize that , as of tonight , we have be see each other for exactly six month ? camera hold on she . she wait . elaine's inner voice gee ... I wonder if it bother he that I say that . maybe he think I be try to push he into some kind of obligation that he do not want , or be not sure of . maybe he 's be feel confine enough by we relationship as it be ... camera pan to roger . roger' inner voice six month ... 39 camera pan to elaine . elaine's inner voice he 's worried . ( then think about it ) well hey - you know ? I be not so sure I want this kind of a relationship either . sometimes I wish I have a little more space , so I would have time to think about whether I really want we to keep go this way . I mean , where be we go ? be we just go to keep see each other at this level of intimacy ? be we head toward marriage ? toward child ? toward a lifetime together ? be I ready for that level of commitment ? do I really even know this person ? camera pan to roger . roger' inner voice so that mean it be ... let 's see ... February when we start go out , which be right after I have the car at the dealer 's , which mean ... lemme check the odometer ... ( he look down at it ) whoa ! I be way overdue for a oil change here . camera pan to elaine . a oval image of her appear in the top corner of the screen ; they watch he together . elaine's inner voice he 's upset . I can see it on he face . elaine's oval image you know , maybe you be read this completely wrong - and he want more from the relationship . elaine's inner voice ( consider it ) more intimacy ... more commitment ... ( and then ) -- and maybe what 's happen , be he 's sense my reservation ? 40 elaine's oval image well do not bet the farm on it . but -- elaine's inner voice -- and that 's why he 's so reluctant to say anything about he own feeling - he 's afraid of be reject ... camera pan to roger . roger' inner voice and I be gonna have they look at the transmission again . I do not care what that moron say , it 's still not shifting right . and they better not try to blame it on the cold weather this time . what cold weather ? it 's eighty - seven degree out , and this thing be shifting like a goddam garbage truck , and I pay that incompetent lowlife bastard six hundred dollar . camera pan to elaine . elaine's inner voice -- he 's angry . and I do not blame he . I would be angry too . God , I feel so guilty , put he through this , but I can not help the way I feel . I be just not sure . elaine's oval image ( to elaine ) you know what you problem be ? you be too idealistic . you be wait for some knight to come riding up on he white horse , when you be sit next to a perfectly good person , a person you enjoy be with , a person you truly do care about , a person who seem to truly care about you . a person who be in pain because of this self - center , schoolgirl fantasy that you insist on cling to . camera pan to roger . his oval image appear ; at the local bar with a beer in front of he and pool table in b.g. roger' inner voice they will probably say it 's only a ninety day warranty . that 's exactly what they be gonna say , the scumball . 41 roger' oval image let them say what they want . you do not have to listen . elaine Roger ? roger' inner voice you know you be right . they want a warranty ? I will give they a goddam warranty . I will take they lousy warranty and stick it right up they -- elaine Roger . roger ( startled ) -- what ? elaine please do not torture yourself like this . maybe I should never have ... ( breaking down ) oh God , I feel so ... roger ( look over , alarmed ) what -- she struggle to keep control . her oval image disapprove . elaine I be such a fool . I mean I know there 's no knight . I really know that . it 's silly . there 's no knight , and there 's no horse . roger there 's no horse ? he look up ; he oval image shrug ; get up off the stool . elaine you think I be a fool , do not you ? roger ( reacting to the oval roger ) -- no ! he look over at she ; not sure who he respond to ... but it appear he say the right thing anyway . 42 . elaine it 's just .. . well I need ... time , I think . I think I need some time . Roger look up at he oval image : go . he look at Elaine . roger -- time . yes . elaine ( move , touch he hand ) oh Roger , do you really feel that way ? roger what way ? elaine about time . do you feel that way about time ? Roger look confuse . his oval image be off play pool now . he turn to Elaine ; do he best to look decisive . roger oh. well . yes . yes I do , feel that way . about time . elaine ( melt ) thank you , Roger . roger -- thank you . they smile . look forward . he look a little nervous . she look serene ... CUT to : ext . elaine's apartment build - night Roger drive away . Elaine go into she building . already dial she cell phone ... 43. blaine come on , Kelly -- pick up . CUT to : int . roger' apartment - night . while Roger and he oval image watch a obscure foreign soccer game . share a giganto bag of dorito . roger hey , ref - look alive . that guy be offside . roger' oval image they suck . roger who , the albanian or the moroccan . roger' oval image they both suck . roger I know . he eat some more dorito . but then suddenly - he pause . roger I think I miss something back there . roger' oval image wait for the replay . roger ( shake he head ) no I mean in the car . roger' oval image can not help you . I be shoot pool . Roger look up at he oval image . it shrug . CUT to : ext . a juice bar - day Elaine huddle with Kelly . kelly .and you say ' there 's no knight . ' 44 . elaine ( nods ) - and no horse . kelly do you say ' no knight and no horse , ' or ' no horse and no knight ? ' she look at Elaine .. this be crucial . elaine I say ' no knight . ' and then I say ' no horse . ' ( then ) I know he agree to the knight . kelly but maybe not the horse . Elaine rack she brain ; just can not say for sure . kelly it 's probably not important ... ( then watch she ) this be really it for you . be not it . elaine ( look at she ; nod ) really it . kelly ( glad for she ) do he know it ? Elaine look up ; she have no idea . CUT to : ext . local hoop court - day Roger and gene get ready for some 1 on 1 . Roger pass to gene ... roger check . . who pass it right back . gene check . 45 . Roger take the ball , dribble , almost start but do not . gene look at he . roger listen . gene what . roger ( a beat ; then ) -- Elaine and i. gene Elaine and you what . roger ( a beat ; then he shrug ) we sort of have this -- thing . he look at gene . conveys the full impact of this . then -- roger do she ever mention own a horse ? gene who . roger Elaine . she ever talk about horse ? like , to Kelly or something ? gene not that I know of . why ? Roger think .. . then shake it off . throw the ball to gene . roger what 's the score . gene we have not start yet . they start to play . camera find dave , on a nearby bench . dave Roger 's in love . CUT to : int . recording studio - day sheryl crow take a break in the mixing booth . 46 . sheryl crow I can sympathize with you friend , man . I have see a lot of guy go there . dave do you have any advice for a guy in love ? sheryl crow I do not know - most of my song be about guy out of love . dave I see . sheryl crow Cause you know , a guy in love - a guy who 's where you friend 's at , anyway - they do not know where they be . they be like a ant , stand on a truck tire . they do not know how they get there - all they know be that 's not where they be a minute ago . but then they sort of get vaguely okay with it , you know ? they start hangin ' out there , they be feelin ' pretty good . ( then ) until the thing start move . dave what happen then . sheryl crow well then they get crush . Dave gulp . she shrug . sheryl crow rock and roll , my friend . life in the city . CUT to : int . two old people on a couch - day old man November 8 , 1960 . the day John Kennedy beat Nixon and win the White House . that be the day I meet she . his wife turn , look at he funny . 47 old man it be close the whole way - it be neck and neck by God . but then old Kennedy senior ride on in on that big old pile of money of he , and fix the result in Illinois . and that make all the difference . happiest day of my life , just about . she watch he . the man be hopeless . old man I be walk away from a newspaper stand , with my head bury in the final edition . and I look up , and there she be . ( he look over at he wife ) you be wear a yellow sun dress and there be a smudge of makeup just over you leave eye . he smile at she . get a thin smile back . old man what . old lady that be not I . old man of course it be you . what be you talk about ? old lady it be you first wife . old man nonsense . old lady ( to camera ) we meet in Sacramento . eight and a half year ago . old man do not believe she . old lady I have never own a yellow sun dress in my life . and even if I do , I would not be wear it in November . 48 . old man ( off she look ) -- the point be , in 1960 a irish Catholic could be elect president of this fine country , as long as he father be a filthy rich rum-runner with connection to the mafia ! and when Nixon do get elect , he have to quit ! his wife shake she head . CUT to : int . kelly live room - day Kelly and gene on the sofa . kelly well we do not know each other . I mean , of course we do not - we have not meet yet . but we be both invite to the same party , by different people who we only know marginally - only the party get cancel , and I guess that 's how marginal we be , because no one tell we . so we come in different car and find ourselves at the same front door - with no one home . ( then take he hand ) so gene ask I out to eat . gene I be hungry . kelly you be in love . ( then off he look ) you tell I you love I , that first night ! gene I say I love mashed potato . kelly you be eat mashed potato . you say you love I . you say because you name be gene and mine be Kelly , that that just prove it . we be mean to be together . 49 . gene ( off she look ; then to camera ) -- do this have to go in the movie ? CUT to : ext . gene and kelly place - day Dave walk out , talk to the camera . dave contrary to what many woman believe , it 's fairly easy to develop a long term , stable , intimate and mutually fulfil relationship with a guy . as long as this be the guy : quick shot of a labrador retriever -- panting , friendly . dave with human guy , it 's extremely difficult . this be because guy do not really grasp what woman mean by the term ' relationship . ' CUT to : ext . jersey shore - day a jersey girl on break at a snack hut . jersey girl what I do not get be how they can be a fully grow adult male and not be able to make a commitment to a woman who love he like no one else - and yet the same person , at age seven , could make a unbreakable lifelong commitment to the San Francisco Giants , who do not even know he and who never will . ( shake she head ) I just do not get it . CUT to : ext . seattle - e-cafe - day a seattle girl outside the cafe . 50 . seattle girl they be never " ready . " if you ask I , guy be in a permanent state of nonreadiness . that 's where they live . if guy be turkey breast , you could put one in a 350 degree oven on the fourth of July and they still would not be ready in time for Thanksgiving . CUT to : ext . chicago - rare book store - day the owner arrange title on a display outside she store . chicago girl the thing be , you should not even think about marrying they until you really know they . but you can not really know they until you marry they . ( then after a beat ) that 's the thing . CUT to : title card : " guy fidelity " ext . manhattan - day a Manhattan girl give a world - weary look . manhattan girl one : a guy will have sex with anything . two : a guy will do anything to have sex . there 's you guy Fidelity . move on . CUT to : title card : " guy pride " int . roger and elaine's married house - day Elaine and Roger be inside , look at the front door . elaine what do you mean , it 's ' suppose to be that way . ' it 's stick . 51 roger it 's basic physics , Elaine . Wood expands . and then , later , it contract . elaine but we can not get out . roger which also mean other people can not get in . that 's part of the design - it discourage burglar . elaine ( look at he ) the same way the toaster be design to discourage carbohydrate consumption by burst into flame ? roger that be a outdoor toaster . it be clearly not design for indoor situation . the picture freeze . dave step in front , talk to camera . dave I think it 's obvious here , that Roger have absolutely no idea what he 's talk about . but guy pride force he to keep act like he do know , for reason I believe we have cover in a earlier scene . he nod he head over to the corner , where the camera pan to see huddle visigoth , waiting . then back to roger and elaine as the picture unfreeze . elaine okay . so now we have a break water heater and a stick front door . ( control herself ; then ) I think it 's time to call Steve . elaine's image freeze . Roger turn to the camera . 52 . roger " Steve . " CUT to : ext . cul do sac - day - slow motion - heavenly music steve leave someone 's house , head for he super- outfit truck . haloed in golden sunlight . strong , capable , equip for every situation . women look out from kitchen and bedroom and live room window , from front step and yard and garden , just to see whose house Steve be leave . the woman look all dreamy the way they would in a really corny musical . dave ( watch ; to camera ) as far as woman be concerned , God do not really rest on the seventh day . on the seventh day , God create Steve . as the woman all sigh ... CUT to : int . roger and elaine's house - day Elaine stand at the basement door . clanging down there . elaine Roger ? do you find anything ? intercut with roger in the basement he 's in ankle deep water . poke a flashlight into some of the corner where the overhead bulb do not reach . roger good news , honey ! the basement 's level . elaine how can you tell ? roger because I know a well build floor when I see one ! we be right to buy this house . everything work just the way it should ! 53. elaine except there 's no hot water . roger ( aim the flashlight ) sweetheart , do not you remember ? the power company talk about this . elaine how about call Steve . roger ( hate this ) we will call " Steve , " when we have a real problem . okay ? ( then more to himself ) a mouse get the hiccup , you do not have to call Steve every time . elaine ( hear he whang something down there ) but Roger you be such a good copy editor . you do not have to be a good repairman too ! honest ! roger okay I think I find it . elaine the problem ? roger the water heater . Elaine lean she head against the door jam . CUT to : ext . roger and elaine's house - day Elaine sit on the step , look blank . Kelly be with she . there be loud noise from the basement . elaine I do not know why he do this . he do not know what he 's do down there ... kelly it will be all right . 54 . elaine ( off a loud clang ) it 's not like some break part be just go to be stand there , wave a flag that say " help I . " or there will be a octopus on the compressor , and then he could say , " look ! there 's a octopus on the compressor ! " ( then ) of course , how would he know it be the compressor ... kelly trust I , it will all work out . after a while , there 's no more harm they can do . Roger come around from the side door . slosh foot . hold a drip part . roger I just need to go to the hardware store . hi Kelly . Kelly smile , wave . then as Roger sloshes past , to the car . elaine and what be it about the hardware store ? all they do in there be buy a bunch of tool that they do not know how to use -- and no matter what the problem be , all they will end up do be whack at it with a hammer until it break even more . kelly and then they cover it all up with duct tape and then come out and say it 's suppose to work that way . elaine ( solidarity nod ) then we have to call Steve . and they get offended . CUT to : int . hardware store - day Roger wait at the counter . talk to camera . 55 . roger let I tell you something . if I have a dollar for every time I hear " Steve 's " name , I could hire somebody better than Steve , just to shake thing up . get she one of this old semi-retire guy - someone from the pre-steroid day , with the hairy shoulder , and the butt crack . they will not be so quick to call he every ten minute . the clerk come back . hand over a 53 - piece tool set . clerk remember . keep this away from anything magnetic . roger ( wink ) get it . he take the tool kit from the clerk and drop it . the clerk watch Roger chase down all the part : what a dolt . CUT to : ext . parking lot - day Roger put the tool set in he trunk ... then stop . roger the thing be - I miss out . ( turn to camera ) it 's like everyone else be there the day they teach all this stuff . how to look inside acar . or a furnace . or a rocketship . but the guy like Steve , youknow . they be bear know allthis - and now they be laugh . ( more ) 56 . roger ( cont 'd ) they all go down to the competent guy ' tavern and compare note . CUT to : ext . competent guy ' tavern - day van and pickup truck just like Steve 's be park outside . a steve lookalike get out and go in , greeting another steve also arrive . laughter pour out from inside . CUT to : ext . roger and elaine's house - day Steve ring the bell . Elaine try open the door . elaine ( on other side ) I be sorry - the door 's stick . steve I can fix that . he check it out , tap it in one place and open the door . Elaine step aside , enchant -- -- as Roger drive up and see this . and the pain in he heart be something we can feel . CUT to : int . roger and elaine's basement - day power 's back on . Steve pull the cover off the hvac assembly . Roger be sorting through the 53 - piece tool set he buy and have no idea what to do with . steve if you have get a minute , sir . I would like to show you something . roger ( hold up tool kit ) should I bring this ? steve that will not be -- ( then as all the part fall out ) -- necessary . 57 roger ( look down ) the latch break . steve I can fix that . Roger put the tool kit down . join Steve . steve there 's you problem right there . ( point ) you get calcification in you pullet - beam header grommet . roger I be afraid of that . Steve look at he . one of that sideways look . steve what you gotta do be jack up you laminate bolt and remove the calcification on the stress point . roger ( while Steve take some measurement ) of course when he say " you , " he do not mean " I . " I do not have jack . I do not have winch . and Steve have get like fifty kind of each , right on he truck . if society collapse , the steve of the world will be live in nice sturdy shelter that they build with they own hand , eat food that they grow or catch . and I will be get shred to death by wolverine . steve here we go . he reach down . pull out a fuse assembly , hold it up . 58 . steve here we go . back in business in no time . CUT to : ext . roger and elaine's house - day Steve be pack up he truck . Roger be about to go back inside when : kid dad , look ! look what Steve make I ! a work battleship make entirely out of Coke can ! Roger look . it be a work battleship make from Coke can . kid this be so neat ! thanks , Steve ! the kid run off . Roger look at Elaine . roger do we have a kid ? elaine Steve get he from the truck . CUT to : int . steve's truck - traveling - day Dave ride up front with Steve . talk to camera . dave just because Steve can fix thing , do not mean he 's shallow and do not have any concern . all guy have concern . deep concern . steve ( look over ) you like sportstalk ? Mike the moose ? dave Hell yeah . Steve give he a look . turn on the radio . 59 . caller I be just sayin ' that owner better never run into I . because God help them , man . mike the moose -- and we will pick up on that and more , right after the news . caller I mean it , man . CUT to : int . radio station - wgrg - am sportstalk - day mike the moose flip a switch ; turn to Dave . mike the moose Three month ago , the marlin trade a guy name rufino lupenza to the yankee , for some minor league player and cash . I grant you it be a rotten trade . I grant you the yankee seem to have this , this knack for make brilliant deal year after year . but three month ? ( pop in a tape ) the marlin be over it . the yankee be over it . the player and they family be over it -- but just check this out . caller ( on tape ) the guy be a workhorse ! he fill in wherever he be need and he never get hurt ! and when he get hurt , he play hurt . mike the moose ( on tape ) you know I get a post card from he here at the station . he say they be all do fine : lucita 's get the kid in they new school already and they all seem happy . she even find a ecuadorean grocery she like . caller grocery -- the guy bat 340 , from both side . ( more ) 60 . caller ( cont 'd ) his on - base percentage be in the '' , with a rocket arm on defense and a awareness of the field like nobody 's business . and they trade he for minor leaguer ? for untest , greenhorn punk who can barely even -- mike the moose ( pause the tape ) that guy 's pretty normal . he cue forward , play . a guy caller , fight tear . mike the moose ( on radio ) you just have to move on , Stan . caller . I try to - I be try . but I just can not make sense of this ... Mike the moose stop the tape . mike the moose this be guy you would not see cry even at a funeral . guy who can not bring themselves to hug they own child . and they be beside themselves . ( shake he head ) and all over a meaningless trade ... dave meaningless ? Mike the moose look at he . CUT to : int . roger and elaine's house - night Roger and gene be watch the knick / heat game . Big bag of dorito between they . tv announcer . seventy - seven per cent from the line during the regular season , and a red-hot eighty - three per cent during the playoff . roger stop say that ! 61 . tv announcer sidekick -- and in the fourth quarter of the playoff , that number be even higher -- gene stop say that ! tv announcer so they really pick the wrong guy to foul , at this crucial point in such a crucial game . roger and gene stop say that ! tv announcer he dribble . he set -- he dribble again ... Roger and gene lean forward . roger come on come on come on comeoncomeon -- gene miss the shot miss the shot miss the shot come on and miss the shot -- tv announcer -- and the knick call time out . they lean back in they seat ; breathe some relief . CUT to : int . kitchen - continuous Elaine and Kelly be address invitation by hand . Dave sit on the counter , listen in . elaine they do not know the player . the player do not know they - yet they idolize this people . they follow they from team to team -- and they know more about this team than they know about they own family . they might not even know if they have family . kelly not during the playoff anyway . 62 . elaine ( amen to that ; then ) and what get I be , they think - they really think - that whether a team win or lose or not depend on how much they personally care about they . like if they do not care , the team can not win . dave but that 's true . they look over - see he on the counter . elaine what 's true . dave it 's true that the level of concern a guy show for he team can affect the outcome of the game . ( then off they look ) I mean not just one guy - but lot of guy . all the guy who care about the team combine , if they really care , can make a difference on the scoreboard . elaine that 's crazy . kelly who be he ? dave ( hop off the counter ) -- follow I . CUT to : int . the den - continuous Roger and gene and the game be frozen in place . Dave stand in the doorway with Elaine and Kelly . dave for the first time ever , through the use of highly advanced technology , we will be able to see the actual concern Ray emanate from the mind of Roger and gene , in they attempt to affect the outcome of this upcoming - and totally critical - foul shot . 63. the picture change as though a filter have be slip over the lens . then we begin to see the actual ray emanate from Roger 's and gene 's forehead and travel into the screen . the ray be color blue . dave this concern Ray go straight into the television screen where they join the combine concern Ray of all the other guy fan watch this game right now . CUT to : a map of the UNITED states where all the city represent major market light up and form arc , like airline flight route , connect red or blue concern ray from each city , and send they to miami . dave ( in front of map ) then the ray be transmit to the actual arena itself , all arrive at the same moment regardless of any geographic or time zone difference . CUT to : ext . a arena - night Dave report as blue and red concern ray materialize from the sky and descend on the arena , cover the roof . dave and it be here , at the arena , where the combine concern Ray from both team ' fan will be measure - not just for quantity , but for quality . because this - as every guy must believe - be what win ball game . back to roger and gene at the tv Dave step away and the picture UN - freeze . tv announcer he set ... he take the shot ... it 's up -- roger -- come on come on come on --- 64 . gene miss the shot miss the shot miss the shot -- on tv - the ball , in midair -- blue and red concern ray appear and converge on it , in a mighty struggle for domination tv announcer -- and he miss ! he miss ! it bounce off the rim and Miami win the game ! what a comeback ! a field day for the heat ! Roger and gene leap up and scream . High fives , victory dance . Dave look at Elaine and Kelly - who look at each other ... elaine let 's get back to that invitation . kelly I be with you . they turn , go back to the kitchen . the celebration go on . CUT to : title card : " the public rest room problem " int . miami INTERNATIONAL airport - day Dave walk down a terminal corridor among hurry passengers . dave if there 's one thing woman do not know about when it come to guy , it 's the public rest room problem . and we be here to clear that up right now . he stop outside a men' rest room , which be currently close for maintenance . dave this room be a private hell for a countless number of guy -- yet the woman in they life be completely in the dark about it . ( more ) 65 . dave ( cont 'd ) but before we go inside , let 's talk with a lead social scientist , so that what we be about to show you sound a little more official . CUT to : int . red carpet club - day Dave be at the honor bar with the same british guy . the word " lead Social scientist " appear under he this time . leading social scientist one have to understand that the act of empty one 's bladder go deep to the very root of masculinity . it be a important territorial statement that male be genetically program to carry out . dave I see . leading social scientist in fact , many of my colleague believe the reason that dog howl at the moon be because they can not go up there and urinate on it -- which be not , however , a theory which I embrace . but guess who get all the grant money every year . the bastard ... he stare off into space . a bitter man . dave um ... you be say ? leading social scientist I do not want this job . twenty year , in the social science ? and what be everybody else do -- they be get laid . they be go to bed with woman . and what have I be do -- apply for match grant . and not get they . ( more ) 66 . leading social scientist ( cont 'd ) apply for any grant at all - and not get that either . meanwhile all the " cool dude " be laugh ! CUT to : ext . " the cool dude who get the big grant " tavern - day Honda accord fill the lot . two more drive up and a scientist get out of each . they hail each other and go in together . as they pull open the door , laughter spill out from inside . leading social scientist ( v.0 . ) the bastard ... CUT to : title card : " the public rest room problem " ext . a video production truck - day there be a satellite dish on top . Dave be with JOHN madden . dave with I now be the great John madden -- legendary coach of football 's oakland raider and veteran network analyst for CBS Sports and now the Fox Sports Network . John , thanks for come by today . JOHN madden happy to be here Dave . dave John , you hear what we lead expert say about this particular anxiety that guy have regard bathroom in general and public one in particular . any thought ? JOHN madden well he 's exactly right , Dave . I mean the guy be a little loopy but he hit the nail on the head . dave so a airport bathroom present a specific kind of challenge . 67 . JOHN madden the worst kind , Dave , and in a lotta way . because a guy 's main goal be to get in and outta there without have to deal in any other way with any other guy - and in a airport bathroom especially , with the turnover rate they have get , he 's up against some pretty mean odd . dave could not agree more , John . let 's go inside -- CUT to : int . video truck - day - continuous technician wear headsets . Dave and John sit by a bank of monitor . there 's a telestrator for John . JOHN madden okay . now this angle here , we be outside the bathroom and the maintenance guy 's just about to open it up . we see the area outside the men' room , with " close for maintenance " sign in english and spanish . a janitor start remove the sign as a business traveler head over . dave here 's we first candidate now -- intercut with : int . men' room - continuous - on monitor , with telestrator John diagram the action , mark up the screen like a football play while the action unfold . JOHN madden okay now the leadoff guy , he 's gonna come in , he 's gonna see the open field and he 's gonna swing wide right to grab a spot against the wall . he 's get one flank cover this way and for now he 's feelin ' pretty good -- and of course by doin ' that , he 's also settin ' the tone for everything that happen after . r• . 68. dave what 's the main thing we be look for , John . what do each individual guy feel he need to get out of this . JOHN madden well the crucial thing here , be makin ' sure there 's no eye contact . I mean none - zero . this guy will look up , they will look down , they will look straight ahead -- but a guy would rather have you poke both he eye out with burn hot fire tong , Dave , than to give the next guy over a reason to think you might be lookin ' at he in a public bathroom . for reason that oughtta be pretty darn obvious . dave obvious indeed . now here come guy number two -- the second guy come in ; John diagram the call . JOHN madden now guy number two , what he 's gonna do be , he 's gonna come in , see the first guy in position along the wall and right away he 's gonna line up wide on the opposite side . this be a best case scenario here , something both this guy can appreciate . plus they have open up the middle for the third guy -- the third guy come in . John diagram he path to the middle urinal . the guy go there . dave what about eye contact in this situation . JOHN madden well you be still not likely to encounter any , but again if you do , that 's what that buffer zone on either side of he 's for . and all three of them be feelin ' pretty lucky to have it , I can tell you that . dave okay . now if thing stay like this ... 69 . JOHN madden if thing stay like this , you be fine - and if this be some small commuter airport , y'know late at night or somethin' , then this guy could possibly even be home free . but we be talkin' Miami International here , this be the big time , we be talk about 747' , DC - 10' , the big jumbo jet dumpin ' off three - four hundred people at a clip . so everybody 's gonna be next to somebody , which be the last thing any of this guy want . you be in a critical mass situation , and this be where a lotta mistake get make . dave which bring we to guy number four . here he come -- JOHN madden -- and there he go ... guy # 4 spin around and leave . John and Dave watch ; then . dave now one thing that I know we be go to get ask , John , especially from woman , be whether , as guy , we be aware of how utterly stupid this kind of behavior really be . JOHN madden well I think we know , Dave . do not you think we know ? dave I think we do . JOHN madden ( nods ) have to be stupid not to . CUT to : title card : " the public restroom problem " 70 . dave ( v.o. ) we do that . CUT to : title card : " guy at midlife " ext . university of miami - day Dave walk the campus . thread through gorgeous college girl who do not know he 's there . dave if there 's anything that cause more anguish in a guy than sport anguish , and public restroom anguish , and hardware store anguish , it 's the day that he realize that somehow he life be half over now , and no matter what he try to tell himself , he 's not young anymore and he 's never go to be young again . ( then he stop ) and as any guy will tell you - it suck . CUT to : int . a elevator - day a guy in a suit , alone in here . faint elevator music play . elevator guy I get use to have the Beatles and Stones call ' classic rock . ' then I hear elvis costello on a oldy station . I figure , okay - who care - at least it 's on somewhere . but then I hear " London Calling , " on muzak . by the clash . on muzak . ( shrug ) but what the hell . I be in a suit and I go around all day explain people ' 401 k plan to they . and sting 's do commercial for jaguar . he shake he head ; it 's hopeless . CUT to : int . shopping mall barber shop - day the barber talk while cut Dave 's hair . 71 . barber the way I see it , it 's like menopause , right ? except man get it different . it do not show , y'see ? the cramp do not come , the hot and cold flash , and you do not have you magazine and drug store fill with helpful stuff to do about it . but something come , and it hit every guy who 's live whether he like it or not . whether he know it or not . guy can lose he bleepin ' mind if he do not watch out . he get a mirror to show Dave the back . give he time to get philosophical . barber but you know ? maybe it 's for the better . maybe whoever design all this , be afraid to let the man in on what be gonna be happen . like if we know , we would bail or something . you know , ahead of time . CUT to : int . a bar - day the bartender wipe the bar down in front of Dave . bartender I be just tell you what I see . every lousy day . a guy will come in and sit down , right where you be . he loosen up a little and then it come . the road not take . unexamine choice . a unfulfilled life . and other guy , they will come in and do not say a word . the one who just stare at the mirror . dave that sound pretty bleak . bartender ( shrug ; then ) I think it go back to the old time . ancient time , you know ? when nobody be expect to live past forty . you get to forty ? you die . ( more ) 72 . bartender ( cont 'd ) but now that man be not do that , there 's a lot more shit up ahead , and none of it look good so they go freak out and make a mess of thing -- they will quit they job or walk out on they marriage or make some other idiot grandstand move . none of they be happy and every single one of they wish he do something else with he life and can not figure out how it get this way . every single one of they . CUT to : int . lawyer' office - day a hotshot lawyer be dictating a memo to he secretary . lawyer . therefore please be advise that in reference to the aforementioned subject matter , as per the original agreement date 7 March two thousand , -- his Secretary stop write . wait . lawyer ...7 March two thousand ... secretary um . you say that already . lawyer ( shake he head ) I start here on the 7th of March . Fifteen year ago ... secretary oh. well - happy anni-- lawyer what the hell be I do . why do I even think this would be a good idea -- to work my ass off every single day of my life ? so I could come in here and dictate letter like this ? secretary they be not all like this . you do a lot of good ... 73 lawyer and what do it get I -- a twin - turbo convertible that I do not even get to drive , because I be always travel and rent shitbox car in other city where all I do be take client out to lunch and tell they how to negotiate they golden parachute ? you ever sit in the driver 's seat of one of that renta car ? secretary well my husband usually do the -- lawyer brand new car , not even two thousand mile on they , and already they drive like camel . the seat 's get no cushion leave already , and you be lucky if you do not need a chiropractor after twenty minute in one . what do people do in that thing ? secretary maybe I could get you something . you want something ? lawyer yeah . I want something . I want the number of that hang -glide place out on Route 33 . secretary you want to go hang glide ? lawyer I want to teach hang glide . secretary I be sorry . I do not know you do that . lawyer I do not do that . I want to do that . I have always want to do that , and lot of other thing too -- only I be stick do this all day long . and I do not even know what this be half the time , just that I have to spend every waking hour do it . so you tell I -- where the hell do hang glide fit into that . 74 . secretary um. Saturday ? lawyer give I a break . secretary ( as he start to leave ) where be you go ? lawyer I should have do this a long time ago . secretary what about the letter ? lawyer put in the usual bullshit . nobody 's gonna read it anyway . he 's go . she sit there . CUT to : ext . johnny lake' hang glide CENTER - day johnny lake lift a titanium frame up onto the back of a pickup . part of it catch on the lift gate and he swear , kick it . about to really lay into it when the lawyer drive up in he twin turbo convertible and get out . lawyer hi! johnny lake sorry . we be close . lawyer ( stunne ; watch he ) -- it 's two thirty in the afternoon . johnny lake hey . I do not make the rule . lawyer be not you the owner ? johnny lake you be right . I do make the rule . we be close . 75 . lawyer ( see he mean it ) look , there have to -- I really want to learn this -- I just quit my job to learn this . johnny lake be my guest - learn it . he kick the frame again , walk off . the lawyer watch . lawyer how can you do this ? this be the perfect job ! johnny lake yeah right . driving around in a rusted worthless pickup truck that 's about to be repossess anyway , while a guy like you , my own age , be go around in a porsche carrera . lawyer but you get to fly . johnny lake no , you get to fly . I get to hoof this shit up and down this godforsake hilltop listen to stockbroker brag about get lap dance from college coed , and charge the whole thing through the company expense account -- while I can not even deduct my blood pressure medication . that 's what I get to do . he kick a rock in the road , which almost feel good enough so he kick another one -- but this one be bury in the dirt like a iceberg and do not budge -- johnny lake ahh , shit ! -- and he fall down hobbling on one knee instead . CUT to : int . orthopedic surgeon' office - day johnny Lake wait on the examine table , hold ice against he leg . the lawyer sit on the extra chair read exotic island magazine . 76 . he hold up a photo : a guy in a hammock , in paradise . lawyer look at this . johnny lake you get that right . the lawyer shake he head ; flip the page . johnny lake hey . ( then on lawyer 's look ; he shrug ) you do not think he 's gonna ... lawyer what . johnny lake you know . have to use the -- lawyer Glove ? ( then off he look ) you hurt you knee . he already take the x-ray . johnny lake what if something 's break . lawyer well he 's not go in that way . you do not do a rectal to set a guy 's leg . still the guy look doubtful . the orthopedic surgeon - british , familiar - come in , with a fresh X - ray . orthopedic surgeon well you have do quite a number on yourself . want to see ? johnny lake why should I . I would not know what the hell I be look at . you be the one who go to medical school . orthopedic surgeon do not remind I . ( then on they look ) what . you think I like this ? ( more ) 77 orthopedic surgeon ( cont 'd ) the medical profession ? owe my life to the insurance cartel while the rest of the world think I be so stinking rich ? lawyer well .. .are not you ? orthopedic surgeon of course iam - I be a orthopedic surgeon ! ijust do not like people assumingit ! ( thenashis beeper goesoff ) and this -- I be so sick of this bloody thing I can not even tell you ! because every time it go off it mean I have to stop do one thing I do not want to be do , and start do another thing I do not want to be do . you call that a life ? they look at he . do not know what to say . orthopedic surgeon -- let I show you something . ( put down the x-ray , go to a drawer ) I have be work on this during my free time . not like I get any . he get a accordion - style envelope ; take out a ream of typed page . hand it over to johnny Lake . johnny lake what be it ? orthopedic surgeon what be it ? it 's a screenplay ! this will blow the lid off the orthopedic surgery industry ! look - look here -- ( take it back ; flip through ) -- no wait , this part 's better . no -- here ! here you go . read this and tell I if you do not -- 78 . he look up . they be go . CUT to : ext . " guy who wish they have different job " tavern - day the lot be fill with Ford fiestas . the lawyer and johnny Lake drive up . when they pull the door open there 's whining from inside ... then the bartender from before come out , storm past they and throw he rag down hard as he get the hell out of there and away from that shit job . as Dave walk into frame , start over to he car . dave okay ! well it look like it 's time to talk about sex . CUT to : title card : " the public restroom problem " dave ( v.0 . ) will you knock it off ? CUT to : ext . shopping mall parking lot - day Dave get out of he car and walk towards the mall . dave for the sake of any young viewer who might still be pay attention , during this next segment we will be use certain euphemism to describe a natural and wonderful thing that happen among grownup - grownup besides you parent , that be . CUT to : int . mall bookstore - magazine aisle - day Dave walk along all the cosmo' , redbook , etc . dave probably the fastest grow sector of the U.S. economy be the sector that conduct survey ask woman ( more ) dave ( cont 'd ) what be wrong with man . and in all that survey , there be one main area that show up constantly at the top of the chart . ( he stop , pull a magazine ) -- euphemism . CUT to : int . victoria's secret - day Dave walk up the aisle fill with delectable thing . dave when I say " euphemism , " I of course be not suggest that guy do not have they . guy have plenty of euphemism . most guy have more euphemism in a single day - and here I be think of a day that occur in the summer between ninth and tenth grade - than some woman have in a lifetime - or longer , in the case of certain math teacher . CUT to : ext . natural history museum - day Dave walk outside , past a line of schoolkid off a bus . dave it all go back to a time , million of year ago , when primitive male often have to complete they part of the equation quickly and right away stand ready to fight off attacker . CUT to : int . natural history museum - day - continuous Dave walk past glass - in display of caveman life . dave today , however , woman want euphemism too -- and this ability in male be no longer as prize as it once be . ( more ) 80 . dave ( cont 'd ) in fact , when modern woman describe the quality they be look for in the ideal man , the phrase " a real fast shooter " be usually pretty far down the list . ( then stopping ) naturally , it fall to guy to do something about this . so , naturally - they do . CUT to : ext . a ski cabin - night Dave stand outside while Kelly and gene come back from walk they dog . in a hurry . dave one technique for hold back the inevitable , be when the guy - just when he be about to have he euphemism - will hurl himself violently into a iron bed railing , and raise a lump on he head the size of a golf ball . CUT to : int . the ski cabin - continuous they come in the room , shed clothes . he lift she , carry she to the bed -- with nothing but pillow against the wall . he stop , panicked ... gene there 's nothing there ! CUT to : ext . the cabin - continuous Dave watch the light go off . turn back to the camera . dave in case where there be not any iron railing , a good backup technique can be find right on the end of the cold wet nose of the trust family dog . camera pan to the window where we hear : 81 . kelly yes ...yes ... gene .yesyesy ... yesyesy ... kelly . just hold on ...yes ... gene .yesyesyesyesyeee00000wwww !!! camera pan back to Dave . dave there be also mental technique -- CUT to : int . roger and elaine's bedroom - night Roger and Elaine be under the sheet . some good early moaning .. .as Dave come in , hold a mike , interview style . dave one of the most time honore and reliable mental delay style , be the Baseball method -- ( tap Roger 's shoulder ) -- how 's it go , champ . Roger poke he head out of the blanket ; stay active from the neck down . roger oh - yeah hi . ( acknowledges camera ; then to Dave ) well , the baseball thing . I mean a while ago I be into that - big time . you know , fool around with different lineup , mixing up the bat order - like think about what would happen if you take you cleanup guy and make he eighth or something -- just something stupid like that , you know ? stuff you would never really do . dave and that do the trick . 82. roger oh hell yeah . I mean I could go all night - literally all night - just shuffle my pitching staff around , or think about who I might try and sign at the winter meeting . hang on -- he go under the blanket ; pay more attention to Elaine ... then come back . roger the thing be , it get stale . and I find after a while I be not enjoy sex or baseball that much . and you do not want to mess with that stuff . dave ( can't disagree ) so what do you do instead ? roger math problem . dave really ? ( off he nod ) you mean like if a train leave Chicago at one o'clock and another train leave Denver at two o'clock and they be go at different speed ? roger ( shake he head ) I can not do train one . I always end up imagine this beautiful girl on the train - and it make thing even worse . Elaine stop . pop she head out . elaine what beautiful girl . roger -- you , Elaine . the girl on the train be always you . elaine oh , Roger ... 83. Roger give Dave a close call look ... then go back to work . CUT to : int . roger and elaine's kitchen - night Dave help himself , make a sandwich . dave as you can see , a lot of guy be make a tremendous effort here - and yet , accord to certain standard they be still , basically , lame as hell on almost every single count . the reason for this be simple : woman set the standard . ( take a bite ) and not just bedroom standard -- all standard . because woman invent standard . remember the Dawn of guy ? CUT to : ext . prehistoric cul do sac - day Long shadow . primate women be still at it , pound root and deal with primate kide . CUT to : int . primate roger and elaine's cave - day primate Elaine , pick up around the cave . she stumble on something gross ... finally have have it . primate elaine ( subtitled ) that 's it . CUT to : ext . outside the cave - day - later primate Elaine address the other . all subtitles . primate elaine I have be think . we need some standard around here . primate kelly what be standard ? 84 . primate blonde woman what be ' think ? ' the other turn , look at she . look back at primate blaine . primate elaine standards be like rule . thing they will have to do . and thing they will have to stop do . primate kelly how about " no leave you dirty smelly loincloth wherever you feel like it , and expect I to do something about it ? " can that be a standard ? primate elaine that can be one of the first . primate blonde woman how about " no gnaw on a fish head during sex ? " primate elaine there be all kind of thing we can get they to do . primate lucy how ? they be stronger than we be . primate kelly they smell stronger maybe . primate blonde woman ( off they laughter ) I like the smell . primate lucy of the man , or the rotten fish ? primate kelly there 's a difference ? more laugh ; then they turn back to primate Elaine . primate kelly but how will we make they go along ? most of they can not even remember which cave to come home to every night . how be they go to remember rule ? 85 . primate elaine we will give they a look . primate lucy a look ? primate elaine a special look . a ' certain look . ' primate kelly but we look at they every day . and they still do whatever they want . primate elaine ( as the other agree ) I have be work on this . watch . she turn to primate blonde woman , who be hold a gourd . on the look , the blonde drop the gourd . primate elaine see ? and she be not even do anything . agreement and " wow " go all around . primate elaine now who 's with I . CUT to : various shot , quick cut of the primate women try to get the " look " right . eventually , even primate blonde woman get it . . . although at one point she scare herself and drop the gourd again . CUT to : ext . trail back to the cave - dusk the primate guy come back lug animal part . each now have he own rock , instead of the giant jag slab . primate gene what be you do later . primate roger I do not know . probably just stare at the fire . 86 . primate gene a bunch of we be go over to primate blonde woman 's cave to see what she do with that gourd . want to come ? primate roger -- can not . primate Elaine 's ancestor be still here . primate gene bummer . primate roger tell I about it . ( then ) they be so Ice Age ... CUT to : int . primate roger and primate elaine's cave - night primate Roger watch primate Elaine examine he new rock . her primate mom and dad hover on the edge of the discussion . primate elaine I do not get it . what be wrong with the other one . primate roger this one 's better . it 's a upgrade . primate elaine's father what do he say it be call ? primate roger a 'upgrade . ' a improvement on a previous design . primate elaine's mother what ? what would he say ? primate elaine's father ( to he wife ) a upgrade . a grade . primate roger ( to primate Elaine ) the guy say there be new one come out that will make even this one look primitive . they be get lighter and rounder every epoch . 87 primate elaine's father what guy . primate roger primate Discount manny . primate elaine's father ( mutter ) Boy he must have see this one come ... primate elaine dad . ( then to primate Roger ) I just want to know what the difference be between this one and the one you have . you be so excited about it when you get it , and now you have get rid of it -- and the only difference I can see be where this one have this marking paint on . she hold it up ; something like baseball seam go around . primate roger that make it so it travel better . primate elaine paint on ? ( off he look ) -- what would it cost you . primate roger nothing . a couple wildebeeste steak and handful of seed of some kind . primate elaine's father I tell you . ( then to he wife ) do I say he be a bum ? primate roger who 's a bum . be you call I a bum ? primate elaine's mother no one 's call anyone a bum . primate elaine's father I be just visit . you do what you want . 88. primate roger oh yeah ? who do you think kill you dinner tonight ? primate elaine look . just take it back . please . primate roger but I can not do that ! all sale be final ! primate elaine you can explain it to he . tell he he can keep the steak , but we want the seed back . primate elaine's mother ( to primate Roger ) I do not mean to meddle . but you should listen to you wife . primate elaine's father that 's meddle ! that 's meddle ! ( then to primate Roger ) -- but in this case she 's right . primate elaine ( to she parent ) look will you both stop ? ( then to primate Roger ) just take this back . all right ? primate roger this be totally unreasonable ! ( then ) oh I get it . do not tell I -- it 's you time in the moon cycle again -- he stop cold . stun by she certain look . History 's first in slow motion , from several angle , the way they do it when building explode in much bigger movie . primate roger -- I will take it back . she smile . freeze image . CUT to : ext . miami , bayside complex - day Dave stroll among the shopper , tourist etc . he have the rock with he ; toss it unconsciously like a baseball . 89 . dave this be basically where we stand today . the only difference be , we have way more standard . ( give the rock to a kid pass by ) there be social standard , about be sensitive - remember anniversary , listen during conversation , not eat soup with you hand , or sit around in you underwear when company 's over . CUT to : int . department store - day Dave go up the escalator ; walk through the kind of ' Home styling ' section where no other guy would go . everything he talk about be on display in some form . dave -- and there be thousand of standard for domestic life , involve even more totally un - guy concept -- like curtain , bedspread , napkin , special hanger , little soap shape like fruit , and decorative box that hold tissue that already come in a box . while guy , leave on they own in the wild , will develop lifestyle that do not involve any of this thing . CUT to : int . college guy apartment - day college roger and college gene stand in they doorway . there be one window , a lot of dust and nothing else . college gene I know just what this place need . college roger ( nods ) hockey stick . they turn around to go buy hockey stick . CUT to : 90 . int . the same apartment - some month later a rabbit on a lawn chair drink beer out of a ashtray . College Roger and College gene play indoor death hockey ; slamm into wall , scatter newspaper and pizza box - as they image freeze . dave of course , even by the most basic standard , this two be live like savage . but they honestly do not know this -- because guy , in they natural state , be not any more aware of domestic standard than a trout would be aware of the stock market . and this cause woman a lot of concern . CUT to : ext . seattle - e-cafe - day seattle girl take laundry . to he he clean clothes be ready when he 's ready to go get they . and they can dry the rest of the way in the drawer . but they do not dry the rest of the way in the drawer , they sit there in damp musty unfold ball and he do not even mind , and I can not figure that out . what be the matter with fold something ? what be the matter with wait for it to be dry ? CUT to : int . dave' current bedroom - day Dave unload a laundry basket on the bed . start fold the clean clothes and make pile . dave Laundry 's a big issue - and a deep and puzzle mystery to guy . my own wife Michelle , for instance , be a accomplish sportswriter and mother of a extremely young child , yet she be still able to maintain a vigorous clothes - clean regimen border on the super-human . and I be not allow near the stuff . 91 . michelle ( come in with more clothes ) he 's right . she dump out the clothes , see what he 's do and take over , do it better . Dave pick up a random blouse , show a label with lot of printing on it . dave this be clearly secret code , that woman intuitively understand but cannot adequately explain -- just like how a lot of guy understand the infield fly rule , without be able to explain that . michelle I can explain the infield fly rule . dave because you be special , sweetheart . CUT to : title card : " guy bashing " ext . outdoor cafe - day Dave anchor a semi circle with sidra , Mia , Karla E and lila . they take turn focus group style . sidra sometimes I think they be just like tapeworm . you know ? I mean tapeworm be just tapeworm - that 's all they be , and all they will ever be . they be just this repulsive little parasitic beast and nobody expect anything different from they - because people know that 's they nature . and it 's the same way with guy - although a tapeworm 's more likely to help clean out the garage . lila ( nods ) they have to be the biggest and they have to be the best . and they can never back down from a challenge . ever . 92 karla E they sleep with you sister and wonder what 's wrong with that . mia they will make a game out of anything . a contest out of anything . give they a grain of sand and they will figure out some game with it . lila and they will argue over the rule . karla E ( off they agreement ) they leave they dirty dish everywhere . I can not believe the place I will find some crust over cereal bowl with yuckola blob of God know what in they . and the thing be , from he point of view ? they really do get clean by magic ! because I can not take see they sit there , so I clean they . sidra ( to Karla E ) I just get he to wash my car when that stuff happen . karla E sweetheart he could wash my car with he tongue and it still would not make up for where I find that dish sometimes . dave ( while they commiserate ) so now that we have hear you thought . the frustration , the exasperation ... the obvious question come to mind : why go through it ? why have guy in you life at all ? they look at he . mia -- you mean as a choice ? you mean like a mature adult choice to have a guy in you life ? in spite of everything ? 93 sidra like try to borrow money from you , after you have break up , so he can buy something for he new girlfriend ? and wonder what the problem be with that ? I mean like really not know ? Dave look at she . they all do . until -- lila I will tell you why . there be no good reason , that 's why . the other turn , look she way . lila -- I mean do not get I wrong . they really can be fun . you know , like a big stupid dog can be fun . I mean not everything have to be so serious in life . you want to be able to do more with someone than just read book review together - which be something a guy would never do anyway . ( then as the other listen closer ) but what a guy will do ? be at eleven o'clock at night he will show up at you door and bring cheese steak . and he do not care that you look all rumply and dreadful from not expect anyone . he might not even remember that you be a vegetarian and do not eat cheese steak -- but that do not really matter either . because the point be he want one , and he can not come out and say it but he do not want to eat it alone . mia and you be the person he think of . lila ( off she look ; nod ) I can not tell you what that feel like , when they do that . ( a beat ; and then ) I swear , if they know how adorable they be sometimes , they would be dangerous . I mean -- more dangerous . the other Girls think about that . consider ... 94 . sidra -- bullshit . they be tapeworm . the rest of they agree and all high - five she . Dave lean back from the fray , turn to the camera . dave I think it 's time for the conclusion now . CUT to : title card : " the conclusion " ext . johnny lake' hang glide CENTER - day a sign say " under new management . " Dave be on top of the hill , in a rig that the ex-lawyer be fasten he into . dave well now you know where thing stand . you have learn a little bit about guy , and the critical role they have play in the past and in modern society today . and for better or worse , they be here with we to stay -- so the best thing you can do about it , be continue to learn about they - by come to see this movie lot and lot of time , and bring more and more of you friend back every time you do . because the more people that understand guy , the better for everyone . and the more people that -- ( as the lawyer launch he ) -- whoaaaaaaaalii off he go . . . right out of frame , and -- fade to black . music and end credit begin , as -- CUT to : a picture of roger and elaine , in roger' car subtitle : Roger now own a 104 - piece tool set , and he have successfully attempt to change he first switchplate . a picture of elaine with her head against the basement door 95 . subtitle : Elaine have a open line of credit with Steve . a picture of gene and kelly , at a dance CLASS subtitle : gene and Kelly win the Fred and Ginger Award in three straight ballroom competition . gene be right ; they belong together . a picture of sheryl crow , in concert subtitle : sheryl crow give a concert in Central Park for half a million people a while back . we be not there , but we have it on CD . a picture of richard M. nixon waving goodbye subtitle : Richard M. Nixon be finally elect President in 1968 . he hold that position until August , 1974 , when he resign in disgrace . a picture of agent leopold and stearn subtitle : agent Leopold and agent stearn be fire by the FBI for gross incompetence . they now work in network television . a picture of the british guy who played every expert subtitle : this man be not really a expert . if you see he , do not listen to any of he opinion . a picture of a ballplayer , with he face blurred out subtitle : rufino lupenza be a imaginary ballplayer , create by the filmmaker to prove a point . however , if he do exist , and if he be any good , the yankee probably would get he . and that would suck . a picture of JOHN madden on a tv screen . which then come alive -- JOHN madden now this be the kinda end credit you like to see . you get the final update thing goin ' , where you find out how all the character you have be watchin ' be gonna turn out . you get good music , a lively kinda feel , and maybe most of all , the movie itself be not too long -- he react now , look down at the tail credit as they start speed up . 96 . JOHN madden -- that 's how you know it 's a real movie , in my book . that 's how you know it 's not some boring kinda art piece make by this torture head case kid fresh outta film school -- you be not gonna come outta this theater talkin ' about symbolism , or the use of darkness and light or any kinda mumbo-jumbo like that -- you come out of this movie and you be laughin' . and that 's what I like in a movie - a movie that 's funny but it do not take forever , you know ? you still get some time to do something ' after , maybe go get something ' to eat , y'know ? because the guy behind the thing know enough not to drag on and on and -- CUT to : title card : " the end " as the music fade .. .and it 's quiet . a good quiet ... dave ( v.0 . ) hey what do you know ? we get through the whole entire thing without say " booger . " fade out : the end