con AIR by _ Scott rosenberg 5/9/96 White 8/15/96 White s/16/96 Blue 8/19/96 Blue 6/26/96 yellow 8/27/96 yellow 6/27/96 Green 8/28/96 Green 6/29/96 White 9/4196 goldenrod tnis6 bluc 9 isi6 buff t6 pink : 9 si96 salmon tn26 yellow . 9/2196 cherry int Green onti96 Tan tinie goldenrod 9/23/96 - tran salmon 10/1/96 ivory 7/23/96 cherry 10/8/96 White 8/2/96 Tan 10/11/96 Blue 10/23/96 pink 10/2496 yellow oo 10/25/96 = Green property of : Jerry bruckheimer film 500 S. buena vista St. , animation 1 - B burbank , CA 91521 4 ) " tne degree cr civilization in a society can be judge by observe its prisoner ... * e- fyoder dostoyevsky " ... and this bird you will not chain ... " -~- lynyrd skynyrd ala bla c1la fade in : the ranger coat of arm we move across the badge , take in the lion , with its front paw raise ; the shield with its tomahawk and powderhorn ; the scroll with " ranger lead the Way . " and we hear , 0.s. : chief officer Army ranger have a proud history ... since the Revolutionary War in 1756 , ranger have be lead the way in every major confrontation in which the US have be involved ... Te down , come off the coat-of - arm , we find ourselves n int . U.S. ranger discharge ceremony - day below the coat-of -arm , the chief officer stand before a group of rangers - clear -ey man , square - shoulder with resolve ... chief officer ( cont . ) and you man be a credit to this fine heritage and I be sorry to see you go ... but you have serve you time well and display the intestinal fortitude require to fight on to the Ranger objective and complete the mission , never leave a fall comrade behind , regardless of the odd or the enemy . we move across the group of ranger ... settle on one - cameron poe , he chest full of medal ... and CUT to : ext . alabama port - dusk we sweep across this port-side sprawl , pass over the work oil refineries - huge , steel derrick suck at the ground ; tower burn-stacks emit burst of flame ... we take it out over the estuary , flying across the water at last settling on a lone tugboat as it chuff toward the shore ... and stand alone on the bow be cameron poe , still in uniform and black beret , duffel at he foot ... still we hear the c.o. ala * ee eee ee ee ++ b1ia * eee eee ee * c1a * 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 2 . dia 1a 1b chief officer ( 0.s. ) I thank - you . America thanks you ... good luck in wherever you may go ... bin remember : ranger lead the jay ! poe look off at the approach port town ... ext . pier night fall as the tug dock ... poe hump he duffel and walk the gangplank to dry ground ... ext . party boat - establishing up on its mooring , this old pleasure boat have be convert into a saloon ... int . party boat fairly crowded . longshoremen type mostly . one waitress - tricia poe , 25 , deliver a round of beer to a table of fisherman ... she go back to the service bar ... another waitress be there ... tricia look at she watch ... waitress when 's he suppose to be here ? tricia poe any minute now ... which be not soon enough -- waitress you get it bad , girl -- tricia poe you have no idea ... ( to the bartender ) five shot of Wild Turkey , Dale -- she rest on the bar , clearly exhaust ... again , she look to the front door ... this time , she 's reward ... poe have enter ... he scan the room for he wife ... see she ... he let the duffel bag fall . approach . stop a foot from she . they regard one another in silence . poe hello , hummingbird -- they fall into each other arm ... kiss passionately ... then he drop to he knee -- he 's face she belly ... poe how 's my baby -- ? 1b * eee ee * + eee + 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 3 . he put he ear to she stomach . she smile , touch he hair , as he listen ... he pretend to hear all sort of thing ... of tricia poe she 's doin 's fine -- after listen , nodd -- poe uh-huh ... right ... you be kid I ... tricia poe sweetie -- ? poe shhh , can not you see I be in the middle of something here ... ? ( listen again ) they play three encore ? outside , thunder boom ... crack of lightning ... and the front door open ... and in walk billy joe , smoke , and ronnie , three of the greasiest turd ever to be shat on humanity . drunk and boil ... we waitress friend see they : waitress shit ... om they stomp to the bar ... the crowd part for they , keep a distance ... billy Joe see poe and tricia . he walk over .. billy joe tricia poe - why not you join we for one , darlin’ ? , tricia poe no thanks -- smoke and ronnie come up behind billy jo -- ronnie who 's huckleberry ? billy joe I be just gonna ask the same question ... poe you know this fella , honey ? tricia poe they be regular -- +e +e eee tee + 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 4.° smoke ( super-drunk ) that 's right . we be regular -- ! regular hound -dog ! smoke and ronnie chortle ... nothing from poe ... he stare at the man ... only billy Joe remain lucid ; wick ; taunting : billy joe I tell you what , soldier boy : go buy we nice fella a round ... he toss some ball - up bill at poe ... they hit he in the face and fall ... billy joe ( cont . ) ++. and when you get back we will talk about you lettin’ we play some night - baseball with you bitch-kitty ... poe stare stonily at the man . tricia poe cameron . we do not need trouble . ( poe do not move ) — come on , daddy . let ' 's dance . poe , very reluctantly , agree . they dance off . we trio of miscreant watch they go ... on the dance floor cue the appropriate power ballad ... poe and tricia hold each other , move to the music . he 's still come down from the confrontation . she 's just relieved she stop it when she do ... close on - billy Joe , smoke , ronnie . as they watch poe and tricia dance . they drunken eye crawl all over tricia 's body ; she lip ; she hair ... poe and tricia continue they dance : tricia poe for a second there , you be that guy again ... poe I know . tricia poe that guy be not suppose to come around anymore . poe I know . he will not . + + eee * * hee + * 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 5 . of 1c thru 1d look into he eye , she smile ... they kiss ... dance ... * ae in the music ... but they sweet moment be interrupt * yo * billy joe * we be cuttin’ in -- 7 * indeed , the three thug stand | there . . - the bar go quiet ... everyone 's watch .. * poe * this be a special occasion , fella . * and I be gonna spend it dancin’ with * my wife ... * billy joe * you be not nothin’ , soldier - boy ... * just another jarhead ridin 's the 7 taxpayer 's dick ... * smoke * Nice hat , huckleberry -- * billy joe * and it piss I off - you gettin 's * the only decent piece of patch in 7 the county ... Z * billy Joe reach for tricia , who pull she arm away ... poe * be close to lose it ... tricia see this ... * tricia poe * no ... cameron ... no ... * billy joe * well , that dog do not hunt -- 7 again , he move for tricia ... poe clock billy Joe 's * hand ... on tricia 's arm ... brush up against she belly ... * close on poe 's face ... almost transformed ... there 's a rage * in the cage . that 's it . game over . poe grab billy Joe . * lift he and hurl he across the room ... billy Joe land * ona table , collapse it ... * smoke and ronnie charge , swinging , connect , bloody poe. but poe whirl , hit smoke with a flurry of punch , knock he unconscious . a stun left-right send ronnie down ... but billy Joe be back . with a table leg . he swing it at 7 poe , hit he once ... but poe dodge the second swing . * poe level a combination of punch , crumble billy Joe ... 7 the three man lie groan on the ground . poe , bloody , - stagger off toward the door , support by tricia ... * 1ce * omitted thru * 1d * 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 6. ( '' 1e 2a thru 2d 3a ext . party boat - night pour down rain ... the burn-stack flare above ... poe and tricia move for they car ... poe 's face screw - up in agony . he whip ee billy Joe , jet - blade gleam , have slashed poe 's back . billy joe let 's go , huckleberry . shock I . poe kick the knife from billy Joe 's hand . billy Joe stand there , defenseless now . blood trickle from poe 's face . he look inhuman . everything slow down now . but , in dizzying slo -mo , poe punch billy Joe in the rib , break three , double he over . billy Joe be out ... tricia cry for he to stop ... poe do not . the rain hammer down in sheet ... the burn - stack erupt ... the derrick ka-chung .... and poe drive he fist into he nose . billy joe' nose - bone pike he brain . billy Joe collapse ... poe snap out of he fury . catch he breath . a bolt of light as the saloon door open and ronnie lurch out ... he go to billy Joe . billy Joe 's eye be wide open . ronnie feel billy 's carotid artery . ronnie you kill he ! you fucking kill he ! ronnie scream . tricia sob . poe look at she , as the rain beat down , and the burn-stack explode above , and siren wail in the distance ... CUT to : omitted int . county jail poe sit on a cot . a public defender , crusty , unshaven , possibly drunk , sit opposite . public defender admit the fact and enter a plea bargain . be you drunk ? poe no. public defender do you have a history of violence ? poe I have have scrape before , sir , but this man come at I with a knife . 1e * eet ae * teen * 2a * thru * 2d * 3a 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 7. public defender the other two say you disarm he , then beat he to death . co poe they be lie . I will not plead guilty . public defender you could get ten year . you admit to it , you will get four , serve maybe a year . be not you have a baby ? would not you like to see it grow up ... ? the Public defender pull a whiskey flask from he breast pocket , es a slug and offer it to poe . poe just stare at he and -- 4x int . alabama county courtroom - morning 4a poe and the Public defender sit before the judge . judge cameron poe , you have plead guilty to manslaughter in the first degree . tricia poe watch nervously from the gallery . judge ( cont . ) it be the order of this court that you be remand to a federal penitentiary where you shall remain incarcerate for a term not less than .... ( beat ) ... seven to ten year . tricia , stunne , bury she face in she hand . poe stare straight ahead . do not flinch , and -- begin credit sequence * over a series of elliptical , stylistically - different ( black * and white ? ) image take we through poe 's time -serve ... * 4b 1 ) poe , walk along the cat-walke tier ... discordant 4bt prison noise everywhere ... * 4c 2 ) in he cell ... write a letter ... look at photo of ace tricia ... * 4d 3 ) look at baby picture ... we should watch he daughter 4d * grow in a series of photo ... * 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 8 . ' ia 4e 4f 4G 4 ) poe open a care package from he wife ... it contain a letter , photo , a few race - car magazine . and four spectacular pink snowball cupcake ... poe set to read the letter and gobble the pink snowballs ... while outside he cell , another con ( baby - o ) mop the tier floor ... he mop by poe 's cell ... stare at poe , as poe devour the pink snowballs ... poe , oblivious to baby-o , continue to eat and read ... at last , feel eye upon he , he look up ... see baby -o ... baby - o 's gaze rest solely on the single remain snowball . poe look at baby -o ... look at the snowball ... and with a gesture of supreme human kindness that only that lock - down can appreciate , poe hand baby-o the snowball through the bar ... baby-o bite into the cake and we die be cast ... 5 ) continue we photograph motif ... only now , picture of tricia and poe 's daughter be join by picture of poe and baby - 0 ... Friends ... 6 ) poe lie awake in he cell ... there 's a bizarre , distant roar ... alarm blare ... cell door OPEN ... poe step to the door to investigate -- -- when a torrent of inmate flood the corridor . they carry pipe and make-shift weapon ... one con take a pipe-sw at he ... poe be hurl back into he cell ... out cold ... the inmate charge past ... a molotov cocktail be toss into he cell ... flame roar through he cell ... in the corridor the inmate charge on ... one figure fight against the tide ... move back towards poe 's cell ... baby -o ... poe come to , forehead bloody ... his cell be a fiery inferno now ... he struggle to stand , but he cannot ... he collapse ... as the flame come closer ... and in this moment , he believe he might just die this way ... when , at once , a arm be thrust through the sheet of flame ... poe reach up ... grab baby - o 's hand ... and baby -o pull he up and out to safety , just as the entire cell be engulf in flame ... the hazy heat - wave dance and swirl and take we through a feverish dissolve to : close on poe - end credit ... int . san quentin - poe 's cell - day close on - a letter . written in crayon . in a child 's scrawl ... and we hear a man reading : +e ee Fe ee fe + s* 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 8a . poe ( 0.s . ) '' my daddy be come home on July 14 . my birthday be July 14 . I '' go to see my daddy for the first time ever on July 14 . I can not wait for July 14 . " wider ~- cameron poe , now 34 , read the letter to baby -0 , who be now poe 's cellmate ... baby -o have a packet of yellow happy face sticker , which he 's slapping all over every naked surface of the cell ... super : 8 year later . poe ( cont . ) ai not that just the cutest little thing you ever have hear ... ? baby-o make I all oogly inside , man , I swear -- poe scowl at he and fold up the letter and place it into he banker 's BOX and remove photo of classic car ( '59 dodge , ' 70 chevelle ss 396 , etc. ) from the mirror . a photo of tricia . then a photo of a little girl , about 7 , with blonde spit curl . poe lift a sorry - look stuffed rabbit from a bag . baby-o what 's this ? poe so I should not see my little girl , on she birthday , empty-hand . baby-o it 's a fuckin’ bunny ! : poe it 's all they have at the canteen . it be either this or a tube of toothpaste and two pack of pall mall . baby-o now that 's a present -- ! poe i‘1l remember that on you birthday poe pick up a letter from the table . baby - o sit . feel ‘his arm . ete eee + * * eee ee eee ee oe * 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 cc baby-o man , I get that clammy feel ... niggers better be givin ' I my shot before we get on any old plane ... ( be : poe 's letter ) can I see it one last time ' fore you pack it ? . boe maybe . maybe not . baby-o c’mon , son -- poe okay . you hand clean -- ? baby-o wipe he hand on he shirt ... baby-o hand clean -- ! poe hand the paper to baby-o , who read : baby-o " know all Men by this present : it have be make to appear to the United States parole Commission that cameron poe be eligible to be parole ... " damn ! it 's all good . poe you will get you date someday , baby -o ... and when you do ... you 'il come over for some barbecue ... baby-o for real ... ? poe for real ... poe grab the letter . pack it and the bunny in he box and slam down the lid . turn to baby-o , who be change he shirt - we should note the raw and ropelike burn scar snake up baby - o 's arm ... poe I want you to know , odell , no shit - if not for you ... baby-o now , do not be gettin’ all weepy on I now , son ... ya will go get we some of that good life . that will be thanks enough ... eee eee ee + £ 4 8 * * tee ee 9/17/96 - rev . tan3 : 8c. 7a 7b poe be momentarily overwhelm by the reality of he freedom poe I be goin 's home , son -- baby-o yes , you be , son -- baby-o slap a happy face sticker on the side of poe 's box . poe and baby-o stand before the cell door , banker 's box in hand . it clang open . a prison guard appear to escort they off . poe step out . look back . poe eight year . good bye , good night . ext . interstate highway - day a maximum security bus case in chain -link and plexiglass be escort by helicopter , motorcycle and police car . chief dever ( v.0 . ) gentlemen : the marshal service annually fly 155,000 prisoner around the country for transfer , legal hearing and medical exam .... int . airplane hangar - quick shot Dark and moody ... close up detail of the outside of a airplane ... a C - 123k , to be exact ... : 7a 7b ' aay 6/29/96 - rev . white2 9 . chief dever ( 0.s. ) as you know , today 's flight be a special one . we be populate Louisiana 's feltham penitentiary , the newest super - max facility in the system ... 7c int . c- 123k - quick shot detail of the interior of the plane : cage door , lock , lever , shackle on seat ... chief dever ( 0.s. ) design to warehouse the worst of the worst . this man be lifer , some on death row . pure predator , each and every one of they . we follow the maximum security convey through the town and visually juxtapose it with -- 7d jqint , . airport hangar - c-123k light fall across the plane , widen ... as the hangar door open ... 7e '' ext . airport hangar the marshal 's service logo split as the door be open ... and the c-123k be drag out onto the tarmac ... 8 ext . CITY STREET - day -- a minimum security school bus , contain poe and baby - 0 , escort by a single squad car . 8a int . minimum security school bus - day poe , baby -0 , and 10 other short-term prisoner sit in prison genim . they wear handcuff , waist - chain , leg irons . the bus pass a park . poe watch child play . a guard , bishop , late 30' , walk the aisle . Bishop be feminine , but not to be fuck with . baby-o hey , lady -- bishop Lady be a dog in a Walt Disney movie . my name be Bishop . Guard Bishop to you . eee I gotta get my shot ' fore I get on that fuckin’ plane kea Bishop . more 7 eee ee 7d te BA 6/29/96 - rev . white2 10 . baby-o ( cont have ) Excuse my language ... I miss it last night and I be a two - shot man . bishop you insulin 's on board . we will give it to you in - flight . I '11 see to it personally . omit ( 8b ) 8c int . marshal' service office - corridor ( '' 40 close on a pair of birkenstock ... squeak , squeak , squeak down the corridor ... we tilt up - to reveal marshal vince larkin ... ++. as he hurry down the corridor ... chief dever in the ten year we have be operate we have never have a breach of security . you man be why . it 's a point of pride . so today let 's exemplify we three operative word : int . oakland airport - U.S. marshal 's hangar - day two dozen guard , marshal , correctional officer , sip coffee and listen to chief skip dever , 5us . larkin arrive into the hangar , just in time to mouth dever 's follow word -- chief dever ( cont . ) firm. Fair . and vigilant . the meeting , over , break in the b.g. larkin we be down to seven offload in carson City . all the rest be sheeted to feltham . chief dever good . now let 's deal with the d.e.a. boy . dever walk . larkin trail . another marshal - a girl , ginny , early 20 , cute as a button - meet larkin , hand he a stack of file . a few drop in they haste . they pick they up . ginny that 's all of ‘em . you ready ? 8 bt ec eee 10 6/29/96 - rev . white2 12 il . larkin I be ready . * ginny unh-uh . * she fix he tie . ginny ( cont . ) now you be ready -- dever call back from the tarmac . chief dever let 's go , Vince -- ! larkin hustle after dever . Ginny watch he go ... ginny ( to herself ) you be welcome ... no problem ... tonight ? dinner ... ? sure ... how ' bout chinese ? ext . U.S. marshal 's office / hangar - day 12 larkin and dever walk to the front step . a fully - restore ' 64 corvette convertible pull up , its vanity plate read , " azz kikr . " chief dever you know this guy ? he 's one of * the bigger creep in the history * of we species . * duncan malloy , 42 , U.S. drug enforcement administration , at the wheel in racing glove and wrap -around shade . chief dever ( cont . ) Duncan ! good to see you ! ( look at car ) she sure be beautiful -- eee malloy beautiful ? sunset be beautiful . newborn baby be beautiful . this , this be fuck spectacular -- eeeee chief dever Duncan , this be Vince larkin . he 's oversee the transpo . Vince , Duncan malloy , dea . larkin good to meet you , it will be good * to work with you on this . * CC 's 7/12/96 - rev . yellow2 12 . 13 malloy ignore he ... feeling rubber into the U.S. marshal parking lot . he take out a tarpaulin , and begin cover the car . larkin and dever exchange a look . int . minimum security prison bus - day 13 poe 's bus continue . Guard Bishop walk the aisle . consult she clipboard . bishop cameron poe ? poe that 's right . bishop you know you be still under federal auspices ' till carson City . it 's full restraint ' till you be process and release at you original prison , understand ? poe yes , mar ‘am ... as long as I make ict home on time it make no nevermind ... it 's my daughter 's birthday ... bishop congratulation -- poe and then some . I get lock - down three month before she be bear ... she be not never see I ... bishop why not ? poe first impression be last one ... no way be she gonna meet she daddy in a prison visit room surround by homemade cookie and love-starved murderer ... no way ... and he take the photo of casey out of he pocket ... show it to Bishop ... Bishop study it ... hand it back ... bishop what you get there cameron poe be a walk , talk reason to rehabilitate . 7 poe I know thac , mar ’am . and the wife be not bad neither ... he smile ... she wink ... and walk the line ... eee ee eeee on aeeeen mv > 7/12/96 - rev . yellow2 lan 13a ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day 13a rno the maximum security convoy move through gate into a secure area on the outermost tarmac . Department of prison guard wait with shotgun . a marshal walk out with shackle over he shoulder ... i ( ox co 6/29/96 - rev . white2 13 . ( 44 17a ) 178 7c ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day 14 the c-23k transport aircraft ... fire up ... it taxi over to the high security area on the outermost tarmac . Guards unload the prisoner 's banker 's box from a van and stow they in the C - 123k 's tail . other Guards load a rack of 12-gauge shotguns into the c-123k 's belly . * omit ( 17 ) : = ext . c-123k 17a the rear hatch slowly lower . int . U.S. marshal SERVICES - lobby - day 178 larkin enter with dever , malloy , and a fourth man , d.e.a . agent william sim . chief dever everybody know each other ? larkin ( extend hand to sim ) Vince larkin . sim ( shake with larkin ) special agent sim , d.e.a. good to meetcha , larkin . larkin hand sim a photo of a handsome latin man , 26 . larkin this be you man . Francisco cindino . Son of eduardo cindino . * the prime mover of narcotic in the world . 7 ext . U.S. marshal SERVICES - surveillance van 17 '' malloy : that kid 's a potential fountain of information about the family business . look at he . Nice college boy , right ? well , we have interrogate he for month and he give up nothing . this be we last chance before the f.b.1i . : get he and over my dead body be that asshole get the glory . tee eenne larkin , dever , malloy , and sim enter surveillance van . 17d '' int . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 14 . surveillance van larkin we be pick cindino up in carson City . from then until the plane hit Louisiana you have get two hour to get he to talk . we get you a seat right next to he . and e's know to be somewhat garrulous in the company of thief . malloy tape a small microrecorder to sim ' stomach and pulis he shirt over it . malloy garrulous ? what the fuck be '' garrulous ? " larkin that would be loquacious . verbose . effusive . ( malloy stare , blank ) how about " chatty . " malloy ( to dever ) what 's with fuckin’ dictionary - boy , here ? larkin thesaurus - boy , I think , be what you be ... chief dever Vince ... Vince and malloy share a icy glare . larkin offer a sheepish grin ... malloy turn to sim ... malloy you get you gun ? sim pull up he right pant leg , revealing a handgun in a ankle holster . chief dever whoa , whoa , wait a minute . larkin we have get rule , gentleman . malloy so do we . we agent go armed ... chief dever alright , let 's get this jurisdictional thing out on the table right now . this be a U.S. ( more ) 17d * 6/29/96 - rev . white2 as . chief dever ( cont no ) erect plane and we be in charge of o. to larkin no one carry on this flight , guy . I get a small arsenal in the belly and a pistol in the cockpit lockbox . other than that , we keep the plane like a prison . no weapon allow in the main cabin , period . malloy my man be not get on that plane without he gun . larkin then you man be not get on that plane -- malloy stare at they ... enrage ... then : and sim hand malloy okay ... give it to they , Willie -- the gun to larkin . chief dever ( to malloy , be : sim ) have this man be brief in prison behavioral trait ? sim what 's there to know ? larkin ten , twenty year lock up in federal institution change a person ... heighten they instinct . malloy give I a break . chief dever listen to he , Duncan . larkin ( to sim ) avoid eye contact . in the pen it 's consider a invasion of space ... a sign of aggression . it will give you away in a second . eee 28 the ee +. es eotenee 6/29/96 - rev . white2 16 . 18 19 19a sim I all be fine . ( look at the video monitor ) Jesus Christ , what be that ? the video monitor - the maximum security convoy make its way around the c-123k . larkin we tell you today 's flight would be special . larkin point and everyone watch the monitor -- ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day as the follow three prisoner step from they van - we should note the add security attendant to they ... gun up , extra restraint , etc . the first of the three disembark . this be billy bedlam . Guard falzon , huge , granite - jaw , frisk billy . billy bedlam move I , baby . int . surveillance van - day we see billy bedlam on a video monitor . larkin read from he file . larkin that 's William bedford , a.k.a. billy bedlam . malloy the mass murderer ? larkin the same . caught he wife in bed with another man . Left she alone then drive four town over to he wife 's family 's house . kill she parent , she brother and sister . even she dog . ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day billy , like all the con , have a hospital - bracelet around he wrist ... the bracelet be mark with a bar code ... another guard run a electronic gun over the bar code ... it blip and billy be allow to pass -- billy be lead , duck - walk in leg iron , to the C - 123k 's open hatch . + see ee * 18 19 19a 6/29/96 - rev . white2 17 . 20 21 22 ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day 20 a black convict , diamond dog , late 30 , disembark . shave head ; African continent tattooed on throat ; hand duct - tape over tennis ball , inhibit grab . Guard falzon frisk diamond Dog . falzon diamond Dog Jones . whoo-hoo ! this be like the scumbag all - star team . diamond dog you do not miss you water till you well run dry , my friend . int . surveillance van - day 21 on the video monitor - diamond Dog smile , revealing a diamond STAR in he leave incisor . larkin Nathan Jones a.k.a. " diamond Dog . " * former general of the Black guerrilla . blew up a meeting of the National rifle Association . Said they represent the " basest negativity of the white race . " use to brag that he 's " kill more man than cancer ... " ( guard frisk diamond Dog ) wrote a book in prison . " reflection in a diamond Eye . " the new york time call it a '' wake - up call for the black community ... " ( off malloey 's look ) they be talk to denzel for the movie . ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day 22 another con have disembarked - late 30 , shave head , a * smiler . his name be cyrus grissom , a.k.a . " Cyrus the virus . " sim * ( get increasingly * nervous ) * who 's this fuck guy ? 7 larkin * his name be Cyrus Grissom , a.k.a. * Cyrus the virus . * cyrus the virus hello , hooray . C co 6/29/96 - rev . white2 18 . 23 int . surveillance van - day the man watch ... sim be become more and more uneasy with each con ... larkin this one 's do it all ... kidnap , robbery , murder , extortion . thirty - nine year old , twenty - five of they spend in we institution . he 's get serious juice inside the system ... own the vine . larkin notice sim 's flop-sweat ... larkin Inside he 's earn two degree , kill 11 fellow inmate , incite three riot , and escape twice . I have say he 's a true product of the system . malloy what do you mean by that ? " he 's a product of the system ? " what the fuck do that mean ? you be not one of that sociology major who think we be responsible for breeding this asshole ? larkin if we be not , then who be ? malloy ever hear of genetics ? how about a extra y chromosome ? they should just fly the fuckin’ plane into the side of a mountain . do mankind a favor . larkin do not think that have not be discuss . chief dever knock it off guy . if you wanna put a agent on my plane , fine . anything happen , it 's on you ead . 26 ext . oakland airport tarmac - secure area - day poe 's minimum security bus pull into the secure area . poe and baby - o get off . poe look at the c-123k . Guard Bishop and the other Guards escort poe , baby - 0 , etc. , to the frisk point . Guard falzon pat poe down . falzon pulis poe 's photo of he daughter from poe 's pocket . 23 26 * aoteee ee eeeee * ee eee ee . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 be . : falzon no personal item . poe it 's my daughter . falzon ( pocket the photo ) I do not care if it 's the weep srt of Christ , you know the rule . poe get in falzon 's face , nose - to-nose . Bishop walk by , check off number on she clipboard . bishop easy , boy . there 's enough root beer for everyone . 26a int . surveillance van - day on the monitor - poe and falzon argue heatedly . malloy ( be : poe ) who 's that ? larkin flip page , come to poe 's photo . larkin cameron poe . he 's nobody ... 27 int . c-123k poe step on board the plane and we see for the first time the complex lattice work of bar and wire , mesh and plexi . four steel single -man cage spread throughout . Guard falzon hit a button at the front galley . a light on the cage go from red to GREEN . other guard throw lever ; the cage door slide open mechanically . poe walk to the rear and sit across the aisle from a weasely , snipe- face man , early 30 . pinball pinball parker . armed robber . arsonist . dope fiend . Hell of a nice guy . 28 j$ int . surveillance van - day the van door open . 26a 27 28 6/29/96 - rev . white2 20 . fee sea pe 29 chief dever no one know you classification , agent sim , not even my guard . so keep you wheel on the ground ... sim let 's do it . sim and larkin get out of the van . * malloy tell I , skip : be the U.S. marshal service in the habit of employ annoying wise - ass bookworm creep ? chief dever larkin 's one of the best we have get , dunean -- malloy yeah , well I would still like to crush he larynx with my boot . chief dever charm . malloy see sim on the video monitor ... see he be lead to the plane ... he hop out of the van ... larkin walk past the c-123k guard as they continue the * prep ... he slap some back , low fives ... * larkin * good flight , guy . * guard * thanks , Vince . * larkin pass Bishop . * larkin * how 's the golf game , Bishop ? * bishop * they be still make the ball too * small . * larkin * good flight , Sally . * bishop * see ya , Vince . * int . c- 123k - day 29 three cage hold Cyrus the virus , diamond Dog , and billy bedlam . the fourth cage be empty . falzon hit the button and the cage - light go back to red . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 21 . 295 a 293 falzon , move down the aisle , finish he inventory . he absently stick he pen in he breast pocket . Bishop grab to bishop unh unh . everything 's a weapon . falzon shit. right . falzon take the pen back and clip it to a special chain around he neck and slide it under he shirt . ext . tarmac - c-123k 29 a sim 's bar-code bracelet be read ... another guard move to frisk he ... malloy appear ... malloy I get he -- and malloy frisk sim ... and when he get down to sim 's left ankle , there 's a lump ... and malloy look up ... and wink ... int . c-123 k 298 pinball parker sit next to a sinewy native american ... pinball what 's up , cochise -- ? the indian merely stare ahead , stone -face ... pinball ( cont . ) okay , okay , do not go gettin’ all wound knee on I and shit ... a Guard lead agent sim onto the plane . he take a seat . poe look at billy bedlam in he cage ... billy snarl : billy bedlam you eyeballin’ I , punk -- ? poe I be just admire you cage . fit you real good -- baby-o call to the medic , chamber . baby - o I need my shot . chamber you will get it when we be airborne . cc 8/19/96 - rev . blue3 22. baby-o ( mumble ) this fucker will not be happy till I go into a deep , dark tropical coma . Guard falzon walk the aisle . falzon well , well ! we get out and out celebrity in here . we get a combine 11 hard copy appearance , two current affayr . and one genuine geraldo interviewee . ( diamond Dog bow ) but I gotta tellya - I be not impressed ... so let 's get this straight , gentleman . we get rule : one , keep you hand in you lap ; 2 ) keep the decibel level down ; 3 ) you spit , you bite , you scream - you will get the " treatment " ... as if on cue , a skinhead hock a looey at falzon -- skinhead con fuck you , pig -- falzon wipe the spit off he face ... smile ... to another guard : falzon gag and bag this Nazi muffin -- the guard slap duct tape and mesh netting over the skinhead con 's face ... falzon move on down the line ... falzon ( cont ’d ) this rule will be enforce . if not , I will be gargle testicles . understood ? cyrus the virus look at a mexican convict seat in front of he cage : johnny 23 , cover in pachuco tattoo . the follow be Spanish with sub-titles : cyrus the virus be you a notorious criminal , friend ? johnny 23 fuck , yeah . you do not know of I ? I be call " johnny 23 . " cyrus the virus you be johnny 23 ? of course I know you . you be clubbed - in with the mex mafia . serve seven life sentence for rape . 23 count of rape ... +e eee eee ee * + weet 8/19/96 - rev . blue3 22a. anti and johnny 23 show he right fore - arm for Cyrus 's inspection : for there be 23 heart tattooed there ... johnny 23 one for each of my 23 lady ... he leer at Guard Bishop as she walk by . johnny 23 ( cont ’d ) ( grin , in English ) if they know the truth , I have be call " johnny 600 . " cyrus the virus do not have quite the same ring ... but I despise rapist ... ( more ) 6/29/96 - rev . white2 23 . cg 30 ec 31 32b of cyrus the virus ( cont have ) for I they be somewhere between cockroach , and the white stuff that accumulate at the corner of you mouth when you be real thirsty ... ( suddenly grin ) but with you I '11 make a exception . ( to falzon , who walk by , imperious ) what 's the in - flight movie today , falzon ? falzon it 's a good one , Cyrus . it 's call , '' I will never make Love to a woman on the Beach again . " and it 's precede by the award - win short : " no more Steak for I ever . " cyrus the virus funny fucker , be not you ? ext . c-123k the hatch slowly raise . the plane taxi to the runway . int . U.S. marshal SERVICES - lobby - day larkin , through a window , watch the plane take off . Ginny join he ... she look very uneasy ... ginny I hope this go smoothly -- larkin please , Ginny . this be a well - oile machine . only thing to worry about be stale peanut and a little turbulence . Ginny walk off look dubious . larkin ( he look out the window : nervous now ) I hope this go smoothly -- int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day poe and baby-o settle in for the flight . in he cage - cyrus the virus have begin to pick at a callus on he left hand . 30 31 32b * ( eee eee een eee eee 6/29/96 - rev . white2 24 . 32¢ falzon walk by . Cyrus stop he callus pick . falzon move on to diamond Dog , get in he face . falzon what ' 's the word this day , 0.g .? ( diamond Dog fix he with that icy glare ) do not tell I : you find Allah in the joint , right ? diamond dog we be all yoke to the same chariot , my friend . down the aisle - Bishop walk by poe . bishop how you do , poe ? poe Fine . you get a first name , Guard Bishop ? bishop no , it 's just Bishop . like Prince . or cher . you know : madonna -- poe it work for you -- bishop it 's Sally ... poe Sally Bishop . sound like a astronaut . or a schoolteacher . bishop there 's a little of both in this gig , poe , lemme tell ya . in he cage - cyrus the virus continue pick at he callus . he stop whenever a Guard walk by . in he cage - diamond dog be also picking at a callus at the palm of he hand . cyrus nod to pinball . ext . c- 123k - day 32 '' the plane lift -off ... we can see the skyscraper of a city in the b.g. the plane ascend ... 9/4/96 - rev . goldenrod3 25 . 33 cc int . c-123k ~ MAIN cabin - day pinball check the vicinity for guard ... none nearby ... he stick he hand in he mouth . fish for a piece of dental floss tie to he back molar . he tug on the floss , pull it from he mouth . six inch , then a foot . poe watch , puzzle ... johnny 23 have also catch this ... the indian stare straight ahead ... pinball pull up from he stomach a blob of wax and eject it into he hand . he break it apart ... break the wax , revealing a pinky - size squirt tube and a wooden blue-tipped match . in he cage - cyrus the virus have complete he callus - pick . there , embed in the skin beneath he ring finger , be the tip of a pin . a few more pick . the haft of the pin be out . Cyrus pluck the pin from he palm . he begin to shim he handcuff lock . in he cage - diamond dog have pick he callus open , revealing , likewise , a pin . he also begin to shim ... in moment , both man be free of they cuff . pinball turn to poe ... make the " sssh " gesture ... grin ... he turn to the indian ... and squirt he seat with liquid from the tube ... the indian turn , face impassive ... pinball smile at he ... pinball hi , there -- 33 i 7/12/96 - rev . yellow2 26 . ge > baby -o watch as , the medic , chamber , waik over , carry a syringe and a kit contain several ampule of insulin . chamber okay , leave arm . i baby - o ( smile with relief ) : about fuck time . { Chambers swab he arm , readying the shot ... find a vein . . pinball strike the blue-tipped match with he thumb ... and toss it onto the indian 's seat ... foom ! Chambers look up , pull the syringe away , have not give baby -o he shot -- the indian be on fire ... pinball scream ... the guard run down here ... pinball get to he foot ... the guard spray the indian with a fire extinguisher ... pinball scream hysterically through this whole sequence -- pinball yo , he did some spontaneous combustion shit , man ! this man be crazy ! he 's a witch doctor ! he‘s a_ crazy witch doctor ! I ain‘t sittin 's next to no crazy witch doctor - [ 1tl -- all the while make he way to the cage lever ... he throw the first one ... we see the cage - lock - light go from red to GREEN . a klaxon sound ; the cabin light shut off ; emergency light on the side of the cabin illuminate . Bishop whirl , slam pinball against the wall with she nightstick , but it 's too late -- -- diamond Dog 's cage open . diamond Dog charge out , face chamber . he bury the hasp of one cuff into Chambers 's throat . Chambers scream and flail . diamond Dog lift Chambers bodily ; chamber 's leg whip across the aisle . Chambers 's boot its a guard in the face and slam against the wall , hit the back hatch release button . the back hatch begin to lower . wind whip through the cabin . chamber 's insulin ampule fall , some shatter . Guards converge on diamond Dog , diving atop he . he buck like a bronco . 7/12/96 - rev . yellow2 diamond Dog and the struggle Guards stomp the unbroken insulin ampule . poe be up in he seat , slightly amaze at this turn of event . i | i i 1 26a . 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 27 . baby -o look at the crush ampule in horror . baby-o get the fuck off my insulin ! falzon grab a taser from the galley and fire several jolt into diamond Dog , who go down writhe . in he cage - cyrus pound on the cage door . pinball , fend off Bishop , lunge for the second lever and yank it . Cyrus 's cage door slide OPEN . a guard turn . Cyrus bolt out and cold cock the guard . Cyrus bolt for the cockpit . a single guard remain between Cyrus and the cockpit . Cyrus , use the cuff as brass knuck , hit the guard . the guard drop . the guard at the rear see the trouble up front . Bishop and falzon bolt for the front of the plane . but diamond Dog and pinball drop into the aisle , block they way . Cyrus rip open the cockpit door . 37a int . c- 123k - cockpit - day ... just as the co- Pilot rip OPEN the lockbox beneath he seat and pull out the only gun on board ... the co- Pilot fire wildly at Cyrus , who dive out of the way , as bullet -- 37aa int . MAIN cabin -- stream the main cabin ... two con be center - punch with smoking hole and go down dead ... 37ab int . cockpit Cyrus whip he length of waist - chain at the co-pilot , smear the man 's feature with the blunt steel ... the co-pilot fall against the instrument panel ... the plane jerk ... Cyrus retrieve he gun ... aim it at the daze co-pilot ... blam ! he shoot the co-pilot ... 7 Cyrus turn ... in time to see the pilot 's hand move under the dash , hit the emergency button ... cyrus the virus say there be a disturbance but everything 's under control . do it or I will kill you . 37a * +e ee 37aa * 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 28 . 37b 38 pilot the hell you will . without I there 's no one to fly the plane . cyrus the virus I never think that far ahead . ae Cyrus pull back the hammer . the Pilot grab the radio . pilot uhh , carson City ....? int . the back of the plane 37b Bishop continue to struggle with pinball , falzon with diamond Dog . cyrus exit the cockpit with the gun . he aim down the fuselage and fire . the bullet strike the blaring klaxon . Bishop , pinball , falzon , diamond Dog , etc. freeze . all eye focus on Cyrus . cyrus the virus this be you captain speak . welcome to con Air ... ( point to falzon ) the key , falzon . fhold up unlock cuff ) the key for this . the con roar with approval ... poe look at baby -o ... it 's all bad ... poe Christ in a cartoon -- int . oakland airport - AIR traffic control - day 38 a crowded room . console and meteorological indicator . crackle radio communication between tower and plane . Ginny 's on the radio . a red silent alarm be flashing . larkin enter hurriedly , alarmed . larkin what the hell happen ? Ginny 's on the radio to carson City . ginny Roger that , carson City . ( click off radio ) calm down , Vince . ( more ) 9/4/96 - rev . goldenrod3 29 . ( 39 ginny ( cont have ) just a little ruckus and the pilot hit the alarm . he just check in ; everything 's fine . transponder be confirm . ( the silent alarm stop flash ) see , there 's you baby -- Ginny point to a blip on the radar screen , brighter and larger than other aircraft : Flight 377 . larkin her cargo 's ugly . but she constitution be strong . thank God . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day the back hatch be close . Cyrus walk up to Bishop ... cyrus the virus what be the number in carson City ? how many on , how many off ? what be they -- ? falzon ( study manifest ) six off , ten on ... Cyrus pluck the manifest from falzon 's hand ... give it to pinball ... cyrus the virus find the six -- : pinball move down the aisle and begin freeing some man , but skip some , check they name off on the manifest . 7 con hey ! get this thing off I ! what the fuck you do ? pinball you will see in a minute . pinball arrive at poe. unlock he . 39 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 30 . co baby-0 , release , squat in the aisle pick through the break insulin ampule . Cyrus walk up to billy bedlam 's cage . rarr cyrus see teor ol et you out , you gonna play nice , billy ? i i billy bedlam you kiddin’ ? you boy be my heroes -- Cyrus nod to diamond Dog , who throw the lever . billy step out extremely pleased . at the back of the plane - the release convict , use they now - empty cuff , lock Bishop , falzon , and the other guard to the cage 's exterior chain - link . sim , still in chain , blink the perspiration out of he eye and mutter to poe : sim this be crazy -- johnny 23 , unchain , rub he wrist and look at Bishop . he point to a spot on he forearm ... johnny 23 i_ get a space here ... get you name all over it ... she stare at he ... disgust , yet oddly unafraid ... bishop well that 's good news ... and johnny move for she ... touches she ... only to be violently twisted around and smashed into the wall of the plane . by poe . poe I can not allow that -- and johnny move for he ... johnny 23 you know what I be , man -- ? 7 poe Ugly all day ... and slam ! poe put he down . hard . johnny groan on the ground . and billy and some of the other be there ... poe ( cont . ) this be not happen . not here . not now . 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 but it 's a mob . bleak . and they be all around he . it look but then Cyrus break through ... johnny nod ... poe ... diamond cyrus the virus okay , everyone relax ... nlook at poe ) he 's right ... not here ... not now ... ( lead johnny 23 over to a window ) can you fly , johnny ? johnny 23 no -- cyrus the virus remember that when you look at she . because if you dick go outta you pants ... you go outta this plane ... Cyrus pat he cheek ... johnny glower at Dog approach Cyrus ... diamond dog the pilot want to know what 's next . cyrus the virus he be to land at carson City airport as schedule . billy bedlam carson City ? the law be down there . you lose you mind ? cyrus the virus accord to my last psych evaluation , yes . sit down . diamond Dog , if you will -- the convict exchange glance . diamond Dog face they . diamond dog you think you be free . you be not . I will say this once . listen carefully : agent sim eye pinball as he move through the aisle , unlock other convict 's ankle restraint . poe see sim , with a hide key , unlock himself ... diamond dog twenty U.S. marshal armed with shotgun be wait for we at the next stop . ( more ) 31 . 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 32 . co diamond dog ( cont have ) if you do exactly what we tell you , the rest of we life will be a vacation in a non-extradition country . Sandy beach , umbrella drink , and dirty naked girl . a pay vacation . billy bedlam a pay vacation ? who 's do the pay ? diamond Dog look to Cyrus -- cyrus the virus we employer . ( smile ) Francisco cindino . as sim react to this news -- cyrus the virus ( to pinball ) who 's suppose to get off at carson City ? pinball point to the three unreleased convict . pinball this three . and ... ( read the manifesto ) ... dalton , hernandez and Jackson ... cyrus the virus and where be dalton , hernandez and Jackson -- ? pinball I be on it -- 7 and he go to find the three con ... sim then reach for he own ankle , momentarily revealing the seacamp pistol secrete there ... poe see it ... sim look up ... to see poe stare at he ... sim no ... poe easy , boss -- and sim draw the seacamp ... aiming it dead at poe ... sim everyone freeze -- ! everyone whirl towards he , startle ... ee eet £ ree ee 8/28/96 - greens 33 . of pinball who the fuck be you -- ? sim grab pinball - gun into he ear ... sim the d.e.a. be who the fuck I be -- pinball sorry I ask -- sim ( to Cyrus ) Drop the weapon -- ! poe easy , boss -- cyrus the virus ( calm ; to sim ) I x11 be with you in a moment -- Cyrus grab Guard Bishop and jam the gun in she temple ... cyrus the virus ( cont . } now ... you be say ... ? sim ( smile ) you figure I for a guy who give a shit about that guard ... ? I say I be d.e.a . know what that mean ? pinball yeah - that you more of crook than anyone up here -- Cyrus walk up the aisle . Bishop before he . toward sim . poe squarely between the two point gun ... cyrus the virus now what the heck be a dea agent do on this flight ? wo not they £ly you boy commercial -- ? sim do not move ! i'11 do you man here -- 8/28/96 - greens of cyrus the virus next time you be select a human shield you have be better off not choose a two - bit negro crackhead . pinball oh , this be just great ... Bishop , from beneath Cyrus 's grasp , stare at sim with fierce , unblink eye ... bishop shoot he ... do not hesitate ... cyrus the virus quiet , sweetheart ... poe I think you better drop the gun , cowboy ... before someone else get kill -- sim swivel towards poe , shaky gun in he face ... sim stay back -- ! poe okay , partner ... I be nothin’ but back ... but you gotta see this be something you can not control -- sim I can not control it ? movement behind sim ... a con be there ... creep up on he ... sim whirl - blows the con away ... sim ( cont . ) how 's that for control ? 7 poe stay cool , man ... you be in , what we use to call , a " untenable situation . " cyrus the virus very impressive display ... 34 . * * eee + 8/28/96 - greens 34a . a sim would you just shut the fuck up ??? poe if you give I that gun , I will see to it you walk away alive ... sim stare at poe , incredulous ... and maybe lower the gun a bit ... sim give you the gun ... give you the fuckin ! -- blam ! but it be Cyrus that fire first ... poe no -- ! sim fall onto pinball , a hole in he forehead ... pinball recover the gun ... Cyrus toss Bishop away . he walk up to poe ... cyrus the virus what 's you name , convict ? poe poe -- cyrus the virus dandy work , poe ... truly dandy ... and Cyrus walk off ... leave a horrify poe ... he regards sim 's corpse ... to Bishop : poe you arright ? Bishop nod ... the rest of the convict crowd forward , look at sim 's corpse ... poe take a seat by baby -o ... baby-o Nice job , son ... not only do you mot save that dude 's life ... now you be best friend with the bad guy ...! a shake pinball walk up to Cyrus ... pinball I get good news and bad news ... * eee ee 8/28/96 - greens co 34b . cyrus the virus what 's the good news ? pinball I find dalton , hernandez , and Jackson -- cyrus the virus and the bad news -- ? pinball lead he over to the three dead con ( two kill by the co-pilot , one by sim ) ... pinball Cyrus the virus - say hello to dalton , hernandez and Jackson ... Cyrus nod ... sigh ... thinks ... pinball hey , Cyrus , you , uh , you do not really mean what you say about that " two - bit negro crackhead " stuff do you ? cyrus the virus do not be so sensitive , pinball ... pinball cos when you shot he , the bullet go right by my shit ... pinball mime the bullet trajectory past he face ... Cyrus look at cyrus the virus ( to the con ) carson City 's expect six man . and they will get what they expect . I need three volunteer ... billy bedlam . billy bedlam do not look at I , pal . I be lookin’ at eight successive life term . I am_ not get off this fuck plane . 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 35 . co a old convict , kelly , raise he hand . kelly me. I will go . I be in since 1952 . I be too old and too tired to try a new lifestyle . cyrus the virus each man go he own way . ( point to the front of the plane ) get to the front . Kelly walk to the front of the c-123k . poe watch bishop in she cell . johnny 23 be ogling she . baby-o let 's go , son -- poe what about she -- ? baby-o my insulin 's trash . if I do not get some in the next two hour they be gonna be sendin’ flower to my momma . no offense , lady -- bishop I can take care of myself ... poe yeah , I can see that ... you nre do a swell job of it so far ... baby -o raise he hand . baby-o right here , man ... we two ... Cyrus walk over ... cyrus the virus very good ... like I say , friend , each man go he own way . go to the front ... poe and baby -o get to they foot ... poe look back to Bishop poe I 'il get help -- Bishop nod ... poe and baby-o head for the rear ... when pinball approach Cyrus ... show he the manifesto ... cyrus the virus one moment , gentleman -- poe and baby-o stop ... +t the eee he * + ¢+ '' ee oee of * * eet * 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 eh 36 . cyrus the virus pinball here have inform I that the man they be expect be white ... which place you shit out of luck ... baby-o c’mon , man -- cyrus the virus I can not imagine this to be the first time the color of you skin have put you at a severe disadvantage ... sit back down ... ( to poe ) you may continue ... Cyrus walk off ... baby-o that 's it . I be go . I be dead in three hour . poe ( whisper back ) maybe . maybe not . I '11 get off , scream bloody murder . this plane 's 1l never leave carson City ... poe walk to the front of the c-123k . eo pinball we need one more volunteer .... cyrus the virus nobody else ? '' ( nobody come forward ) get the pilot . after we land - get he in a prison uniform ... billy bedlam the pilot ? then who 's gonna fly the fuckin’ plane -- ? cyrus the virus relax , billy ... welcome to the Machine ... 40 ext . OPEN skie - the c-123k in flight - day over carson City , the plane bank low and begin its descent toward the municipal airport . 40a int . c- 123k - cockpit Cyrus enter the cockpit ... the Pilot turn to he ... 40 40 a ee ee ee eee ee * ee eee ee * * ~ +e eee * * 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 37 . a cr 41 44 pilot carson City tower be report a helluva sandstorm down there ... cyrus the virus perfect . ext . carson CITY airport - day 41 amidst a major sandstorm , two b.o.p. ( Bureau of prison ) buse wait . b.o.p. guard stand ready with shotgun . int . oakland - U.S. marshal service office - day 44 larkin sit at he desk play with a nylon cuff device . Ginny enter . ginny the plane 's in final approach to carson City . larkin right on time . larkin toss down the cord - cuff restraint , grab he coat , head for the door . larkin goin 's over to vacaville to arrange for tomorrow . wanna come ? ginny Nah . paperwork . any weekend plan ? larkin the usual . a freeze pizza , a 12 - pack of Rolling rock , and Channel 7 's show all five planet of the ape movie . I do not know if I have ever tell you this , Ginny , but I be kookie for roddy mcdowell . ginny ( study larkin ) I have get news for you , Vince : there 's more to life than the smooth and efficient transfer of Federal prisoner . larkin yes , there be , Ginny ... but nothing quite as dependable ... larkin walk off , whistling . Ginny pick up larkin 's cord - cuff restraint . sigh . ee 8/22/96 - rev . pink3 38 . 44a 4s 47 48 ext . c- 123k - day the c-123k descend through cloud cover . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day in the rear - convict drag the dead body to the back of the plane . at the cage - falzon and the other guard remain shackle to the cage 's mesh wire in they underwear . ext . ' carson CITY airport - day the c-123k touch down . hydraulic brake clench . landing tire grip asphalt . int . c- 123k - front of MAIN cabin - day the pilot , the three convict sheeted for carson City , the old convict - Kelly , and poe stand by the exit door . Cyrus turn to they . cyrus the virus in two hour you will reach the nevada Pen . and just to make sure you keep you mouth shut during the trip ... he nod to pinball . pinball begin prepare the first man in line ( the pilot and Kelly ) . give they " the treatment " . the gag and bag . cyrus the virus not that I do not trust you , boy ... but let 's be square with each other : you be criminal -- ! they bar-code bracelet be rip off and the three dead convict 's bracelet be place on they wrist . the rip plastic be then sealed with a taser - blast . diamond Dog and billy bedlam come aside Cyrus . they speak sotto , but poe can hear they : diamond dog what about the rest of the guard ? cyrus the virus be patient . they have not cease to . be useful yet . yet ... diamond Dog smile . poe , have hear this , turn and look at bishop . pinball appear before poe with duct -tape and panty -hose . 44a * 45 47 48* eee ft re eee * 9/12/96 - rev . cherry3 7 39 . poe continue look at Bishop . ( ~~ johnny 23 walk up to poe . not owner : johnny 23 I will fuck she . and then I will fuck you . and then I will fuck you family . and then I will fuck you friend . poe okay . but for now just fuck yourself -- : pinball yo . White boy . ( poe turn to he ) you turn . } pinball begin stretch the tape over poe 's mouth . poe , in tight close - up , continue look at baby-o and Bishop , wrack with indecision . he can not leave . not now . he rip the tape from he mouth . poe I want to stay on -- eo pinball what -- ? poe I want to stay on -- pinball , shit ... Cyrus . ( Cyrus approach ) we get we a mind - changer -- Cyrus regards poe , who shift uncomfortably . ' cyrus the virus why do you want to stay -- ? poe I get 15 year leave , and I know I would just hate myself if I blow my one shot at some dirty , naked freak and umbrella drink ... cyrus the virus 15 year ... yet just a moment ago you could not wait to get off -- Cay eee ee ae 9/12/96 - rev . cherry3 pe ht ener waren oe a Cyrus eyeball 39a . poe I know ... fear of freedom , I guess ... that 's all behind I now . he closely : cyrus the virus what do you say you name be again ? pob cameron poe . pinball I know that name -- diamond dog you nre cameron poe ? poe that 's right ... clock the change in poe ... his voice , manner , inflection ... he 's play the bad-ass ... ~~. 8/27/96 - rev . yellow3 40 . pinball I know that name -- fe diamond dog ' you kill the giant -- poe that 's right -- billy bedlam the who ? diamond dog the giant ... wallace Walker ... a big , bad brother ... and you put he down on the tile ... bare -hande , so they say .. poe they say right -- pinball I know I know that name -- cyrus the virus now why have you go and do that -- ? poe pose for maximum effect ... poe co he take my strawberry jello . and I '' like strawberry jello . a pause . Cyrus look poe up and down . he smile . and start laugh . the other join in . cyrus the virus you like strawberry jello . I like you . stick around . you and you friend grab one of the guard and put that dead cop 's prison- issue on he . Cyrus walk off . poe hustle down the aisle , grab baby -o . baby-o what the fuck you do ? poe stay . they be gag everybody for the bus ride to the pen . they arrive at sim 's body . Bishop and falzon be chain six foot away . poe begin pull the shoe and pants off sim 's corpse . 9/9/96 - rev . salmon3 co poe ( cont ’d ) it 'il be hour before the fed discover what happen . by then this plane will be three state away and you will be dead . and so will she ... bishop poe ... poe you have any idea what 'il happen to you ? bishop think about you family . you little girl ... poe iam . because what good would I be to little girl if I leave you to get dishonor and die on this plane ... ? he smile at she . Bishop shake she head . baby-o what good you gonna be if you be dead ... ? you start think like you be still a Ranger , we be all in trouble ... you a convict now , son ... you be not that guy anymore . poe smile , shrug ... he walk over to falzon and pluck he daughter 's photo from falzon 's pocket ... poe toss falzon sim 's pants ... poe told you I have get that back ... ( toss he sim 's pants ) now put that on . I just save you life . baby-o okay , soldier Boy . you get another move ? poe unbutton sim 's shirt , revealing sim 's cassette recorder , set to record , its capstan spin . 40a . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 41 . co 48a 49 50 poe smile at baby-o and Bishop ... poe maybe . maybe not ... poe look leave and right . no one 's watch he . he yank the recorder from sim 's chest , hit " rewind , " and slip it in he own pocket . omit : aba * ext . carson CITY airport - day 4s a fuel truck with a elevate boom for overwe refueling drive up to the c-123k . the fuel jockey connect the hose to the C - 123k 's fueling socket . the re-fueling begin . the rear stair ramp descend . a guard step down from the c-123k into the sandstorm . it be Cyrus the virus , U.S.M.S. baseball cap over he long hair , blue jumpsuit and black jack boot , he face obscure by a bandanna and shade . he be follow by billy bedlam and johnny 23 , also dress like guard .. starkey Heard you have a problem up there . cyrus the virus yeah , have to bag ’em and gag ‘em . Rough crew . shitter and spitter . the prisoner ( include falzon and the bag and gag guard and flight crew ) file down the rear ramp stair . the b.o.p , guard begin to off - load they bus . first off be a convict name swamp thing . he give a know nod to Cyrus the virus , who shake he down . int .. c- 123k - day 50 pinball and the other con , watch from the plane , hold they collective breath . falzon be the next to deplane . poe grab he roughly , shove he up against the wall . poe my daughter 's picture ! where 's my daughter 's picture , you shit -eatin’ peckerhead ? 6/29/96 - rev . white2 42 . s1 53 falzon , bound and gag , can not say dick ; poe shove the cassette recorder into falzon 's shirt and hit " play . " falzon 's eye go wide . poe shove he out of the c-123k . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day Si falzon come down the air-stair . the tape recorder be playing , obscure by the c-123k 's engine and the howling wind and sand . falzon 's bar-code wrist band be read and accept by a guard with a code -gun ... poe watch from the plane . falzon be hold with the other " prisoner , " as -- johnny 23 , by the bus , await the next carson City prisoner . a six -foot-six , mohawk ex-footballer name conrad , 31 . conrad hold up he cuffed hand . conrad my favorite fantasy ? killing every guard in the system , then fuck ‘em . or do I have that backwards ? johnny 23 shove he forward ... int . c- 123k - day 52 conrad board the C -123k , see pinball , at first confuse . he look around the plane and finally comprehend . he howl . pinball stifles he . conrad out of the fire and into the freebird . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day 53 stepping from the b.o.p. bus be a skinny latin boy , in hairnet and eye-liner , high cheekbone and full lip , between gender , he hormone shot just start to take hold . they call she sally can ’t dance . johnny 23 be not too crazy about shaking she down . sally can ’t dance hello , baby - you can be the rise of my Spanish harlem -- johnny 23 get the fuck on the plane , joto -- sally can't dance classy ... very , very classy -- 6/29/96 - rev . white2 43 . 54 55 int . c- 123k - cockpit - day 54 swamp thing get behind the control , climb into the shoulder harness . pinball finish change into a guard uniform . he put on goggle , a bandana , and slide the pen-clip around he neck . swamp thing unscrew a small radio - like device from the control panel . he attaches this device to a ordinary volt battery . he hand the device / battery to pinball . swamp thing go get ‘ei , son . pinball exit the cockpit . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day 55 the last new con be load onto the c-123k . falzon , truss up , be lose he shit . pinball deplane , dress like a guard , bandana over face . he walk to the other side of the airport . off the bus step francisco cindino , 26 . he give Cyrus a barely - discernible wink as he be frisk . Cyrus turn to the b.o.p. official . cyrus the virus be that it ? the b.o.p. official study he manifesto . starkey one more . cyrus the virus who ? starkey ( point ) late addition . a high security prison van enter the tarmac from a access road . it pull up next to the plane . two heavily - armed deputy step from the van . the side door open . two more deputy step out . a sole prisoner van step off . he be early 30 , thin , pale , frail - look . his name be garland greene . he wear full restraint . two guard administer to he : he 's get the tennis ball / tape / pantyhose treatment . 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 44 . 56 57 asta starkey garland greene . cyrus the virus this will be interesting . garland greene be lead onto the c-123k . ext . across the airport - SMALL hangar - day s56 a sign on the hangar read : uncle bob 's grand canyon tour . outside the hangar be a six - seat turbo - prop with uncle Bob 's picture paint on the side . uncle bob , in Hawaiian shirt and pith helmet , help a family of three fill out form , as uncle Bob 's assistant load and strap they luggage onto the plane 's wing . uncle Bob scream over the shriek wind ... uncle bob don ’t worry ' bout this little bit of weather ... it 's no problem ... only goe up about fifty feet ! the Assistant walk off . pinball walk out of the sandstorm , drop the radio-like device in the luggage hold , and walk off , unseen . ext . back at the c-123k 57 the " prisoner " ( short-timer and con Air Guards ) be now be lead onto they bus . Cyrus watch , edgier now . he walk up to the fuel truck . cyrus the virus what 's take so long ? we be ona tight schedule here -- fuel jockey ' nother ten minute or so . int . prison cell - vacaville prison - day as7a * two guard - garner and renfro - inventory a recently vacate cell ... as garner go over the cell , renfro make notation on a clipboard ... guard garner ... loose shelf screw ... right corner of mirror bent ... weapon - sharpen mark on North wall ... what 's this -- he have find a crumble section of concrete in the lower wall ... he get on he knee ... pushes at the concrete ... ** eee ee + 10/1/96 co s7a 58 - rev . ivory1 44h . it 's soft ... garner begin to break it away ... guard renfro maybe we get something here -- Guard renfro join garner on he knee ... they chip at more of the wall ... the hole widen ... they begin haul stuff out - papers , book , file ... int . vacaville prison - central lock - up - day the heart of the prison . bank of monitor offer inmate surveillance . a elaborate intercom system allow inter-facility communication . a supervisor sit before the system , switch from cellblock to cellblock , tier to tier . larkin be here in Central , signing out inmate file . the " sign " stack be now two foot high . he look at the monitor ... just as -- close on - one monitor - outside the cell with garner and renfro in the cell ... garner come out , hold the supervisor hit the intercom ... supervisor what be it -- ? guard renfro we find a hide place ... larkin watch ... as Guard garner unfurl a roll - up sheet of vellum paper with airplane specs print on it ... larkin who 's cell be that -- ? supervisor Grissom . Cyrus Grissom . you know : the virus -- larkin hit the door on the run ... the supervisor look after he ... int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day garland greene be take to a seat by the terrify guard joe , chain beside he ... poe , baby -o , and the other con watch in awe . * s7a * 58 eee * 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 45-45a . cc 59 60 baby-o Jesus , Mary , George and ringo . that 's garland greene , man . poe garland greene ? the marietta mangler ? baby - o yup ... that skinny little man butcher 30 people up and down the eastern seaboard . they say the way he kill make the Manson family look like the partridge family ... poe well , he 's on the right flight -- ext . carson CITY airport - baggage - day 59 pinball see a female baggage handler load she truck . he walk up to she in full - flirt mode . pinball hi , there . int . b.o.p. bus - day 60 falzon and the other C - 123 k guard , duct -tape , immobilize , sit there . they begin to thrash about . the b.o.p. Guards , take this for insubordination , begin beat the guard with they billy club . the guard persist , garbling yell under the duct tape . the b.o.p. boy pummel they harder . falzon take a billy to the brain . he slump . the disturbance stop . all be quiet . except for a voice . cyrus the virus {v.o. tape recorder ) you 'il sh .... shoot I dead ? you sw .... swear ? bishop ( v.o. tape recorder ) take the shot , do it , do not fuck hesitate .... the b.o.p. Guards whirl around , confuse . 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 46 . of 60a 60 B 61 cyrus the virus ( v.o. tape recorder ) quiet , sweetheart . a guard move to the bus’ rear , look for the voice . it 's come from falzon . but he mouth be tape up . and he 's out cold ! sim ( v.o. tape recorder ) one more step ... I swear to Jesus Christ if you take one more step .... the guard tear open falzon 's shirt , revealing sim 's tape recorder . omitted 60a * int . vacaville - upper cell tier - cyrus grissom' cell 60b larkin on the floor ... Hand poke into the hide place gouge in the wall ... he begin to remove contraband : a book entitle " volatile chemical compound " ( or whatever ) . larkin oh , boy . he remove another book - a manual : " c-123k service manual . '' larkin , expression darken , flip through the c-123k manual . we see the C - 123k 's plan and specification . he pluck out another paper - the passenger flight manifesto . larkin ( cont . ) you have gotta be kid I .... ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day 61 diamond dog Cyrus . Cyrus turn ; look in the direction diamond Dog point . across the tarmac - the b.o.p. bus have stop . Cyrus and diamond Dog exchange a worried look . * * 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 48 . b.o.p. chief ae ( v.o. , over radio ) that 's up to you , just do it . starkey , rattle , think . 64c int . vacaville - cyrus ' cell - day 64c larkin still arm -deep in the hole ... a pile of letter , a tin BOX ... guard garner this 's one be outta the envelope . Guard garner hand larkin a letter printed on formal letterheaded stationery . larkin bogota .... Columbia ? look like from a law firm . anybody here read Spanish ? Guards garner and renfro stare back blankly . 65 ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day 65 -_ Cyrus be watch the refueling truck , willing it to pump faster . starkey walk up to he . cyrus the virus hi , there . starkey almost ready ? cyrus the virus wo not be long now . starkey be terrify and try to hide it . he dry swallow . blink . his eye tick to the right . Cyrus follow starkey 's eye . the two airport security van be approach . starkey go for he gun . Cyrus draw first . he shoot starkey in the head ... the fuel jockey , ear protector on , view obstruct by the wing , do not even notice ... 66 int . c- 123k - day 66 poe and con react to the gunfire . 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 49 . 66a os 66b ih 67 fr 68 ext . carson CITY airport - baggage - day pinball , still flirt with the female baggage handler . pinball .-. and on Sunday I take the orphan kid for ride in my Ferrari ... ( hearing the shot ) shit ! pinball sprint for the c-123k . int . vacaville - cyrus ' cell - day they continue to sort through the stuff ... Guard garner come upon a anomaly : guard garner check this out -- he show it to the other ... its the fame depiction of " the last Supper " in all its solemn splendor ... only with one small difference : the eye of most of the apostle have be poked out ... guard renfro creepy -- larkin stare at the painting ... he then go to the bogota colombia law firm letter . it dawns on he . he put two and two together , literally , lay the last Supper with the punch - out eye over the Spanish letter . single , distinct letter appear in the vacant eye-hole . larkin unpocket a pen and notepad ; uncap the pen with he tooth ; start recording letter on the pad . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day Cyrus , diamond Dog , and billy gallop for the rear stair ramp . they scramble up and onto the plane . the hatch close . the Airport Security van bear down on the c-123k . pinball sprint for he life after the c-123k . pinball hey , c’mon , wait , wait , c’mon !! int . c- 123k - day Cyrus scream down the aisle . 66a 66b * 67 68 ** eee + 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 49a . cf 69 70 cyrus the virus let 's go ! int . c- 123k - cockpit - day 69 swamp thing fire up the engine . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day 70 the plane lurch forward , knock the fuel jockey from the fuel hose boom . the fuel hose pull taut in its socket , then snap . the c-123k taxi off . 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 50 . ec 70r 71 72 int . vacaville - cyrus 's cell - day larkin 's hand flash across the page , copying each letter reveal through the punch-hole . it look like this : m ce ... larkin I ... he keep recording letter : I etc larkin stare at the letter , confuse ... larkin I etc ... ( beat ) I etc . ? guard renfro yeah , '' I etc . " he 's a skitzo -- int . carson CITY airport - control tower - day the traffic control crew be go about its normal business . one notice the c-123k beginning to taxi . a.t.c , # 1 what 's this asshole , do ? a.t.c . # 2 he 's move onto the runway . we get plane comin 's in on that runway ! the flight control crew go nut . everyone jump to they radio at once , warning income flight . int . c- 123k - cockpit - day swamp thing at the control . the Air traffic Control supervisor come over the radio frantically : a.t.c . ( 0.s. ) be you out of you mind ? we 've got three plane line up , coming in - ! swamp thing ( into radio ) no one on this aircraft give a fly fuck ! haw , haw ! get it ? Flying fuck . thank you , thank you , here all week ... 70 a 71 72 eee of + 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 $ 1 . of 72k int . vacaville - cyrus 's cell - day 73 74 75 75 B larkin write out : larkin I etc arson it and he write the last letter in the last eye ... " y " larkin ( cont . ) I etc. arson it y -- larkin play with the word a bit more ... until he soon create : " meet carson City . " he stare at it in horror . larkin stay here . ( bolt from the cell ) and do not touch anything ... ! int . carson CITY airport - control tower - day the traffic controller stare at they monitor aghast . a.t.c . get I the U.S. marshal 's Office . int . vacaville - upper cell tier - day larkin storm out of Cyrus 's cell with the decode message and the c-123 k plan , down the tier . he begin to jog and ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day -- pinball , run after the c-123k full -speed . it move onto the runway , engine winding up . the Airport Security van stop . airport security officer get out , into they fire stance . pinball , still chase the plane ... he 's close to reach it ... but before we see if he do we int . vacaville - day Guard garner pick up the tin box . it have a old ~ fashioned picture of a airplane on the lid . garner I be curious . you curious ? renfro you hear he , garner . do not fuck with that . 72a 73 74 75 75 B ++ eee 10/1/96 - rev . ivory1 s1a . 75c 75d garner open the tin box . we see , for one split second , a chemical incendiary device , and -- int . vacaville - day 75c the cell behind larkin ( still jogging ) , blows out across the tier , flame lick the ceiling . larkin recoil , look back in horror . he run back ... through the smoke and rubble ... he come to the blow - out cell . hold on larkin 's face ... as he look at the carnage ... a ring . larkin take he cell phone from he pocket ... hold it up to he ear . larkin hello , skip ... ( beat ) I know ... ext . carson CITY airfield - day 75d the c-123 k lift off . 7/1/96 on 76 77 78 79h - rev . bluez 52 . int . c- 123k - cockpit - day swamp thing turn to Cyrus . swamp thing shine sweet freedom .... the plane lift into the air . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day con hold they collective breath as the plane accelerate . poe silently curse . ext . carson CITY airport - tarmac - day the Airport Security Guards stand , mouth agape , as the €-123 k disappear into the sky . int . oakland airport - U.S. marshal SERVICES - dever 's office - day larkin , dever storm down the corridor , Ginny follow , try to keep up ... chief dever that plane be carry a thousand year to feltham . larkin be nice if they could just stay up there forever , would not it ? chief dever my God , vince , we get the ' 27 yankee of murderer and psychopath on that plane . they round a corner , xun into malloy . malloy what the fuck happen ? chief dever Duncan -- malloy m agent ? what happen to 's -- beat ... chief dever they kill he , Duncan -- malloy be aghast ... momentarily bewilder ... he lean back heavily against the wall ... 76 77 78 t9a * * eee the be * et _ 747 /96 - rev . pink2 52a . a malloy six year ago , William sim come to I . he say he want to be a soldier in the war against drug ... and now .. malloy look up ... he see the ier of he misery : larkin ... malloy ( cont 'd ) what kind of half - ass , jerk - off keystone cop operation be you run here -- ? chief dever Duncan -- malloy you get my man kill , you little shit -- ! larkin he bring a gun on -board ... chief dever Vince -- malloy a damn right he do ! t£ we would know how you run thing I would have have he bring on a uzi -- ! larkin no one carry on this flight ... no one ... no weapon be allow in the secure perimeter of the aircraft ... in do so , he compromise the safety of my man ... malloy you man ? you man be incompetent ... they get take over by a bunch of thug in chain and cage ... chief dever okay , fella ... this be not get we anywhere -- malloy tell I the plan . you have a back - up plan , do not you -- ? larkin I be work on it . this situation : have never be contemplate . what ( it they do be impossible . 8/27/96 - rev . yellow3 53 . malloy well you have better start contemplate because this be a of situation that need to get unfucked . right now -- 82 int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day Cyrus and diamond greet cindino . cyrus the virus welcome , Francisco ... cindino not exactly the most skillful execution , Mr. Grissom . cyrus the virus certainly not . something ... happen ... cindino I suggest you determine what that " something " be ... and cindino turn away from they . diamond Dog begin to move towards cindino . but Cyrus put a hand on he chest to hold he back . of poe be with Bishop ... bishop you really kill a man for he jello ? poe no ... I be not say jello be not involved ... but he come after I in the yard ... with a shiv ... it be self - defense ... but they move I to quentin ... Far , far from home ... 82 om 9/12/96 - rev . cherry3 54 . Bishop nod ... poe look to the rear where -- -- Cyrus and diamond Dog be with garland greene . diamond dog what be we suppose to do with he ? cyrus the virus well , i° x11 tell you one thing : this be no way to treat a national treasure . ( remove garland 's head restraint ) Love you work , old boy . Cyrus wink and walk up front . : Guard Joe stare at garland , genuinely spook . garland offer he a bloodless smile . billy walk up to poe . poe what ? billy bedlam hey , peace , bro . bygone and shit . you be in the q , right ? poe yeah -- billy bedlam and you be a lifer , I hear you say ? poe that 's right -- billy bedlam 's I , too . diamond Dog walk past they . diamond dog pinball ? where the fuck you at , boy ? after he 's go -- billy bedlam lifer be all confine to North block , be not they ? poe I guess -- 6/29/96 - rev . white2 55 . 83 billy bedlam you remember that big bull name of Victor loma ? warden fire he on account he be gettin’ regular head from a nigger fuckboy call lulu ? can not recall he . billy bedlam it be a big deal on D - block . maybe you be not really from d- block baby-o maybe you should shut the fuck up , ou eteroid-swallowin’ - swastika - wearin 's - hee - haw - watchin’ motherfucker . cos you startin’ to get on my nerve , man . poe walk up the aisle . billy watch he narrowly . int . c- 123k - cockpit - day 83 Cyrus the virus , Francisco cindino , and swamp thing , confer . diamond Dog enter cockpit . diamond dog pinball do not make it . cyrus the virus too bad . I like pinball . cindino we have lose the element of surprise ! cyrus the virus calm down , Francisco . I have get contingency upon contingency . that 's why you father choose I . poe enter the cockpit . diamond dog what the fuck do you want ? poe if I be in this I want to know the plan . Cyrus stare at poe . the radio interrupt they : larkin ( 0.s. ) cyrus. Cyrus Grissom . you copy ? Cyrus stare at the radio , think . click it on . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 56 . 84 cyrus the virus identify yourself . int . oakland airport - control CENTER - day larkin and malloy . larkin United States marshal Vince larkin and Duncan malloy of the d.e.a. larkin / cyrus - intercut as necessary cyrus the virus hello , agent malloy . sorry about you associate . there really be nothing sadder than the sight of a grow man pissing himself . malloy listen here , grissom , you puny fucking animal , when I get through with you , you'll be begging ' em for the electric chair ! Cyrus do not respond . there be total silence . larkin and malloy both stare at the radio . cyrus the virus I do not think I like he . if he speak again , this conversation be terminate . larkin ( jump in ) okay ... okay ... he 's not go to talk again . cyrus the virus Fine , I will speak to you . here be the rule : I get one question , you get one question . larkin agreed . what 's you question , Cyrus ? cyrus the virus ( stare at poe ) in carson City you bull be on to we . how ? malloy ( jump in ) one of the guard have a ... alu immediately cover the microphone and push malloy ck . 84 ** eee ete e fee h eee ee fee e + 6/29/96 - rev . white2 87 . cyrus the virus one of the guard have a what ? Cyrus scrutinize poe throughout this exchange . poe betray nothing . larkin a ... a heart attack . one of the guard fake a heart attack and we have to remove he restraint . poe relax a little . cyrus the virus and you question ? larkin where you go in that plane ? cyrus the virus we be go to disneyland . larkin you be lie Cyrus . cyrus the virus so be you , Vince . : 85 int . oakland airport - traffic control CENTER - day click . larkin turn to Ginny . larkin brief the f.a.a . get ‘em to issue a order direct all air traffic from the entire Southwest . let 's find out how many gang affiliation we have get on board and who belong to what . I want to know everything . if a guy 's get hayfever or partial to Montgomery clift movie - I want to know ... ginny you get it , Vince . larkin they refuele in carson City ... so the next possible landing be within a 102 minute flight- time radius of carson City ... malloy why -- ? ee tee * 85 9/4/96 - rev . goldenrod3 58 . of larkin at each stop we fill the plane with only enough fuel to take it to its next destination ... as a... ( hate say it ) +». security measure ... malloy look at he , disgust ... it 's not even worth a ig ... they move to a radar screen . we see we familiar blip . AIR traffic control they be head southeast toward Arizona ! malloy grab a phone , stare at larkin he punch number . malloy I want a chopper . make that a few of ‘em . I want ‘em armed . and they get to be able to keep up with that plane . I do not care if it 's Air Force , National Guard , whatever . malloy slam down the phone , still stare at larkin . 86 int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day ; diamond Dog move down the aisle . poe be in he face . diamond dog what 's on you brain , giant - killer ? poe I be just wonder what a black militant be do take order from a white boy on a power trip -- diamond dog means to a end , my friend . means to a end . I be carry a life sentence . if Cyrus the virus have figure a way out , I can play house nigger till we get to where we be go ... poe then what happen -- ? diamond dog darkness fall ... as the Day of the Dog begin -- he walk off , grin . poe sit back down by baby -o . 86 * + ee eee fe a + * 9/4/96 - rev . goldenrod3 cf 87 thru 88 89h omitted baby-o what be that about ? poe oh , nothing . except they somehow manage to get every freak and ghoul in the universe on this plane . and then somehow manage to let they take it over . and then somehow manage to stick we right in the middle . int . oakland airport - briefing room - day 59 . 87 thru 88 89a larkin , dever , malloy , Ginny , and several U.S. marshal sit around a table . larkin pass out several file . larkin here 's he jacket . cameron poe. U.S. Army Ranger , highly decorate . sure , he do some hell raise when he be young , but nothing serious ... ' 7/1/96 - rev . blue2 of 60 . malloy bxplain to I why any of this matter . larkin fact one : you have get a planeful of thief , rapist and killer , and this guy poe , in on a involuntary manslaughter beef , non -gang affiliate , hitching a ride home . fact two : poe have a chance to get off the plane but do not . fact three : we ad , falzon , say a convict name cameron poe plant sim 's tape-recorder on he . the conclusion : I think we have a ally . malloy ally ? that be the single great blice of speculative horseshit I have ever hear . larkin ah , agent malloy , and therein lie its beauty . the groovy thing about speculation be that , well , it 's purely speculative ! malloy he 's a criminal , a murderer . larkin read the file , he get in a drunken brawl defend he wife , and kill a man . it could have happen to any of we -- include you and I . malloy speak for yourself , larkin . I '' not one of that animal . larkin animal ? when do they become that ? tee eee eet ee ee fe pee ee. a ee ee ee ee | 9/1/96 = rev . blue2 oe 61 . malloy when they stop give a damn about the law , about civilization . larkin " the degree of civilization in a society can be judge by observe its prisoner . " fyodor dostoevsky sit that after visit a Russian ail . malloy " puck you . " Cyrus Grissom say that after B tting a bullet into my agent 's head . okay ? chief dever guy , guy , the only issue here be aoe that plane be gonna be bring lown . malloy ( look at the other ) shoot it out of the sky . larkin when do this become the d.e.a. 's jurisdiction ? malloy the second a d.e.a. agent be murder . I be authorize to bring agent sim 's killer to justice use , and I quote , " all necessary mean . " larkin . that do not include shoot the plane down . malloy maybe it do , maybe it do not . larkin ( look at dever ) you be not actually entertaining this , skip . you be not serious . chief dever this be a drastic situation , Vince . tee tee e £ 6 Fe ree fee hhh rhee rhe kes E + .7/7/96 - rev . pink2 ~ 92 larkin my man be up there . malloy every one of ‘em 's bi eda no-hostage clause . ey know the score . larkin the score ? who be you to decide the value of a man 's life ? larkin and malloy stare at each other . we hear the whup whup whup of helicopter blade malloy about time . larkin ; what 's that ? what the hell 's go on , skip ? chief dever attack chopper , Vince . we be go after ‘em . int . marshal service corridor - day larkin follow malloy and dever .. larkin skip , this be a bad idea ... this man be not to be trust ... his agent be kill , he want revenge ... malloy , without look at larkin , continue to walk ... malloy and he 's gonna get it ... larkin ( to dever ) do you hear this -- ? larkin see malloy be get away ... larkin get right into he face , non-stop : larkin you know you nre go to kill six innocent people there ... I tell ou what - I 'il give you Sally ishop 's apteue oanone number , because a a few word at she funeral ... malloy not now , larkin -- ter you blow they out of the fuck sky , maybe you can say 92* eenenw '' ee ean eenmeeee on 717/96 92a - rev . pink2 63 . larkin you know you and Cyrus be a lot alike . you both like the soft white belly of the kill ... malloy I say : not now ... larkin you both get the taste . you and Cyrus both . he dream about it from he cell , you dream about it in you corvette ... look at you - you have get a hard - on right now just think about it ... malloy whirl on larkin , grab fistful of he collar and shove he up against the wall ... malloy you little fuckin’ bastard , I '11 kill y-- larkin hold up he hand ... slight smile ... larkin but only in the line of duty , right , malloy ? malloy stare at larkin for a beat ... lip curl ... Point , larkin ... malloy release he ... glance to the chopper - a four-man huey and two two - man cobras ... malloy smile ... malloy time to bring the noise ... Point , malloy ... he kick open the door ... and he 's out ... ext . oakland airport - tarmac - day they walk to the chopper ... larkin in dever 's ear ... larkin Sir , this man be in a irresponsible frame of mind and -- malloy puck off , marshal larkin - you work be do ... malloy and dever get into the huey . larkin make a move to get in ... malloy ( cont 'd ) not enough room here -- larkin ( to dever ) Sir -- eveeeee the fee ee 92a * 63a . -'9/96 - rev . pink2 fan chief dever go back to you office and do not worry , Vince . no one here 's gonna do anything foolish ... the chopper lift off . larkin watch they go ... 93 int . c- 123k - cockpit Cyrus show poe a sectional aeronautical chart for the California / nevada border . aeee . 93 7/21/96 - rev . salmon2 64 . cyrus the virus lerner Airport , poe , in the Middle of nowhere . we rendezvous spot . ' forty -nine minute as the crow fly from anything resembling authority . nget on the p.a ) gentlemen : we will , in some 5 hour time , be over the shore of Mexico . but first we will change aircraft . thank - you and have a nice day . poe walk from the cockpit ... very troubled indeed ... swamp thing see a- light on he panel glow amber . 94a int . c-123k cyrus the virus what 's we e.t.a. swamp thing ? swamp thing at 228 mile per hour , ' bout ....71 minute . 7 fhit the switch under the amber light ) Problem be we be not doin 's 228 mile per hour . we be doin’ 205 . we be agin 's . ( qleok at Cyrus ) the landing gear be not up . we be gonna be late . cindino that be unacceptable ... cyrus the virus ( to diamond Dog ) check it out -- diamond dog what do I know about landing gear ? cyrus the virus lear -- 54a poe walk by Bishop 's cage ... poe how doin’ in there , sall Bing ? : : bishop live out all my fantasy , poe ... you get a family ? 7/1/36 - rev . blue2 65 . of bishop I get a cat . I have a husband . but he do not like the cat . something have to give . poe must have be a tough choice ... bishop not really ... in five year , the cat never once get drunk and embarrassed I front of friend ... and in six year , the husband never once purre when I touch he ... so it be not a tough choice at all ... poe take a seat by baby -0 , who do not look too hot . baby-o get the chuck , poe . the chuck -horror comin’ on hard . poe hold tight . : billy bedlam stomp back to they ... billy bedlam we will tango , poe . poe now what 's the problem , billy ? billy bedlam I do not trust you . I do not like you face . we will tango . billy walk off . garland greene ( o.5 . ) he 's a font of misplace rage . poe turn and look at garland greene . poe Excuse I ? : greene blink . there 's something shy , nerdy about he . garland greene name you cliche . mother hold he too much . or not enough . last pick at kickball . late-night-sneaky-uncle . whatever . ( more ) * een eee 7/1/96 - rev . blue2 65a . en garland greene ( cont have ) . now he 's so angry , moment of * devity actually cause he pain . . give he headache . happiness , for * that gentleman , hurt ... e greene shrug , smile crookedly . poe and baby -o gulp . . 94b ext . nevada penitentiary - waiting room - day 943 sitting there be tricia por , 8 year older , with casey , 7 , poe 's daughter ... both wear pretty homecome dress and eben : 2 a " welcome home , daddy ! " sign be be earefully craft with crayon and cardboard ... a bureau of prison officer enter ... he say something to the desk officer ... the desk Officer gesture to tricia ... the b.o.p. officer approach ... b.o.p. official grant Mrs. poe -- ? tricia poe that 's right -- b.o.p. official grant my name 's grant ... Bureau of prison ... there 's be a slight problem on you husband 's flight -- close on tricia - as she react to this ... b.o.p. official grant and you presence have be request ... in oakland ... 95 int . c- 123k - pront of cabin - day 95 diamond en the hatch to the front floor hatch . he hearse the . ous noise and the blast of wind and there 's no way he 's go down there ... he look up ... poe be nearby : diamond dog poe -- ! poe yeah -- ? 6/29/96 - rev . white2 66 . 96 diamond dog Cyrus want you to check out the * landing gear -- poe look into the churn abyss of the underfloor ... poe well , that 's a good piece of luck ... int . c- 123k - lower storage / wheel BAY - day 96 * poe , with diamond Dog behind he , move through the narrow compartment lead underfloor . they walk through the aft freight compartment , pass the stack of banker 's box . diamond dog what do you know , they get all we shit down here . poe look at the box . his box , with baby -o 's yellow happy face sticker , smile at he . they come to a hatch at the end of the freight compartment . poe open it to -- the wheel BAY . the landing gear door be partially OPEN . the vibration of the increase drag shake the compartment . the wind whip about . poe get on hand and knee and crawl to the center wheel * bay . he slide open the hatch . he recoil . crushed between the leg strut and the brake assembly -- -- be pinball , squash , he face freeze in death , he body prevent the landing gear from fully retract . poe juda Priest ... diamond dog god-damn ! so that 's what happen oe +. that be not no good ife ... diamond Dog look below they ... the cloud be thick ... diamond dog cut he loose ... poe what ? diamond dog cut he loose ... he 's slowin’ we down ! diamond Dog turn back the way they come . ao ) 7/21/96 - rev . salmon2 67 . 97 98 99a diamond deg exit . poe look at the poor , contort face of pinball . he then look into the cloud ... only , as they pass , they reveal something else below : a CITY ... he notice something . hanging around pinball 's neck in its special clip~chain a sharpib ic marker . omit ( 97 ) 97 int . c-123k ~ lower storage / wheel BAY 98 poe , kneel , reach down to pinball , finish write the follow on pinball 's t-shirt : to vince larkin . U.S. : marshal service . go lerner airfield . rendbzvous . * poe grab pinball 's arm and leg , which be pretzel around the strut . he triea to unpretzel they , but rigor mortis prevent . the appendage have harden . diamond dog ( o.s . ) you do , man ? poe look aft . diamond Dog be return . por shit ..... poe switch to sit position , he leg dangle out of the wheel bay . he kick at pinhall ' 's corpse . again and again . pinball will not budge . with one final kick , pinball suddenly detach and fall away . poe 's momentum carry he out of the wheel bay , he foot lodging in the landing gear apparatus . fx shot - start on c.u. of poe , camera seemingly fall with pinball 200 foot below the aircraft , end with a wide shot of the plane pass overhead above we . poe hang upside down outside the C - 123k , he body buffete by wind , slamm against the aircraft 's belly . poe try to pull himself up . he can not . diamond appear above poe . he reach down and grasp poe 's ankle ann lift he back into the plane . ext . downtown , fresno - day 99 a intersection . a volvo station wagon pull out of a carwash into traffic behind a farmer 's livestock trailer . int . volvo station wagon car - day 99 a a _mid-50s couple inside , a granny in the back . a glot of birdshit spatter the windshield . 7/21/96 - rev . salmon2 68 . on i 100 101 pe 102 man see that ? see ? every time I get she wax , I be not ten foot from the carwash , then pow - birdshit . woman it 's suppose to be good luck . wwomp ! pinball 's corpse crash onto the car 's hood . the volvo run into the rear of the livestock trailer . omitted 100 * int . qakland U.S.M.S. officb - larkin 's office 101 larkin enter . sitting there be tricia poe , 8 year older , with casey , 7 , poe 's daughter . larkin Vince larkin . tricia poe tricia poe . larkin and this must be casey . hello , casey . casey hello , Vince larkin . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin 102 diamond Dog enter from the lower deck bulkhead wear wraparound shade . billy bedlam where would you get the rim , man ? diamond dog we p-prop 's in the tail . billy bedlam , ( look at poe ) no kiddin 's ... * 10/24/96 - rev . yellow 69 . fot on 103 sally can‘t dance hey , that be my shade . diamond dog not any more , sister . sally can‘t dance men. billy bedlam walk to the rear bulkhead . descend . poe watch billy narrowly . int . oakland U.S.M.S. office - larkin 's office larkin and tricia and two cup of coffee . casey be coloring at larkin 's desk . larkin so . how be you ? she give he a look ... right . you th pe a ght . fou think you be goin : to see you husband today and - then ... right ... ' tricia poe what exactly be go to happen ? well , tha why I b : ey le that 's rought you down’here ... I think cameron may have have a opportunity to get off the plane ... I be try to figure out why he might have stay on ... tricia poe you and I both . larkin you know , it 's not uncommon for parolee to actually fear they release date ... a certain degree of institutionalization set in . there 's a fear of come home ; a fear of live on the outside again . tricia poe that 's not cameron . if you read he letter , hear he voice on the hone ... today be the day that ept he go for every one of this last eight year . ~— larkin nod . casey color . 103 * ee eee '' geen ee enone eaee # 6 seneee 10/24/96 - rev . yellow4 104 tricia poe ( cont . ) I wean , look -- ( and she gather casey in she arm ) if you have this little girl wait for you , Mr. larkin ... would not you want to get honie ? larkin there have have to be a real good reason to keep I on that plane ... tricia poe that 's the thing about cameron ... I be sure there be one ... beat . larkin walk over to see what , casey have color . it 's a airplane , of course . tricia poe ( cont . ) but do I a favor , Vince larkin : if you do see he . if you do talk to he . tell he to do whatever it be he have to do and come back to we . tell he we need he . larkin look at she . nod . Ginny stick she head in : ginny vince ? line 1 . 7 larkin ( pick up phone ) hello ? ext . downtown fresno - day a sheriff on a cell phone . surround pinball 's corpse atop the volvo 's hood . sheriff Vince larkin ? marshal service ? eat larkin this be he . 70 . in the b.g. we can see a crowd 104 neeeeee ee i. 10/24/96 - rev . yellow4 70a . sheriff this be ned grasso , I be a sheriff ( on here in fresno . we get a problem with a corpse that fall out of the sky and I do not think he 's a astronaut . larkin what 's this get to do with I ? sheriff the thing about this corpse ? it 's get you name write all over it . larkin stare at the phone receiver and -- 105 int . oakland U.S.M.S. office - day 105 larkin race in , Ginny follow . go to a map . larkin the last transponder i.d. be here . Northern Arizona . but the body land here , in fresno . and lerner airfield 's in death Valley . ( realize ) they turn around . they be comi : back this way . they be yone ming this way ! fou ( Ginny hand he a '' headset ) get I Chief dever . 6/29/96 - rev . white2 71 . 106 int . malloy / dever 's huey - in flight 106 dever ride with malloy . the c.b. beep . chief dever Vince ? larkin ( 0.s. ) ( over radio ) turn around ! the plane 's go to lerner airfield ! it 's a small strip in death Valley ! malloy death Valley ? horseshit . we be tailing they transponder tag into Arizona . larkin listen to I : a body fall from the sky . it have a note on it ... they pilot turn back to they ... pilot we get ‘em vectore at 12 - 0 - clock and thirty mile . chief dever Vince . please , son . we be right on they tail -- larkin just listen ! it be to I ! the note on the body be to I ! dever and malloy share a look . malloy be loving it ... 106a int . oakland U.S.M.S. office - day 106a * larkin race out the door . ginny Vince ? 107 int . oakland U.S.M.S. office - hangar - day 107 * larkin hurry up to the transportation officer . larkin I need a plane or a chopper . transport officer co you and I both . I be all out . 7/12/96 - rev . yellow2 72 . larkin I need to get to lerner airfield ... ( he look at he watch ; add it up ) ... in forty minute . transport officer forty minute ? it 's only about 70 mile ... you get a fast car ? you can drive it ... 107a ext . marshal SERVICES 107a larkin explode from the front , map in hand ... he run to he car ... the most break -down , cancer-ridd Pinto ever to crawi from the dearborn assembly line ... he look at he watch ... larkin shit ... when something catch he eye ... he smile ... 107b omitted 1073b * 107c ext . U.S. marshal SERVICES hangar - day 107 '' Ginny run out of the building ... in time to see vanity aon plate " azz kikr " peel out of the motor pool . : ginny oh , boy . 107d ext . road between oakland and lerner airfield - day 107d larkin 's ( malloy 's ) corvette roar down a two - lane road at 100 m.p-h. , pass sporadic car like they be stand still . 107e int . larkin 's ( malloy ' 's ) corvette - day 1o7e larkin 's on the cell - phone , wear malloy 's leather drive glove and shade . larkin that 's right , State trooper , sheriff , National Guard , whatever you people have . but no contact should be make . a secure perimeter should be set - up two mile from the airfield and you should await my ... he switch the phone from leave to right ear . he drop it . he look down , fishing for the phone . when he look up -- 9/4/96 - rev . goldenrod3 73 . a 1l07f 108 -- he 's in the wrong lane and a recreation vehicle be head straight for he . larkin throw the wheel -- ext . road between oakland and lerner airfield - day 107f the corvette swerve into the correct lane , miss the recreation vehicle by three inch . the corvette spin out of control . it slide into a 360 turn , then again and again . Three complete revolution . finally it lurch to a stop . larkin speed off again ... int . c- 123k - lower storage / wheel BAY - day 108 billy bedlam forage through the con 's banker 's box . not far from he forage hand be the yellow happy face sticker affix to poe 's box . 109 omitted 109 * 110 int . c- 123k - cockpit - day 110 Cyrus , cindino , swamp thing , and diamond Dog . cindino do not they have a way of tracking this plane ? swamp thing it 's call a transponder . every plane 's get one . cyrus the virus ( ingenuous ) gosh , swamp , where 's we transponder ? 6/29/96 - rev . white2 7 . 2111 113 114 2115 cindino look at the gape hole in the instrument panel where the transponder be . Cyrus smile wide , and -- int . malloy / dever 's huey - in - flight - day 111 the pilot turn back to malloy and dever . pilot we be second away from establish visual contact . int . uncle bob' prop plane - in-flight 113 the c-123k transponder blink in the rear luggage hold of uncle 's Bob 's prop plane , where pinball stow it . uncle Bob be fly over the Grand Canyon 's North rim and talk over the p.a. to he customer - the family of three . uncle bob below to the leave youl . see the vertical redwall cliff , where the water have dissolve intense cavern and cave out of pure limestone and dolomite formation . suddenly the fleet of huey and cobra chopper appear in front of they , storming the sky , gun for they . uncle Bob and the family scream . int . malloy / dever 's huey 114 malloy and dever look at each other . : malloy what the fuck be that ? dever , in horrible realization , get on he radio . chief dever get I Vince larkin . int . c- 123k - lower storage BAY 215 billy bedlam have find poe 's banker 's box . he 's read the parole letter . billy look up . poe be there . billy grin . poe see he pink bunny on the floor . nose to the grime . poe put the bunny back in the box ... jo 6/29/96 - rev . white2 75 . 2116 117 120 222 billy bedlam I know you be not no lifer . and lo and behold , you a fuckin’ parolee ... you be turn turtle on we this whole time , have not you ? poe I say : put the bunny back in the box . billy swing . poe take it on the shoulder . he send a fist into billy 's face . the brawl be on . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin - day 116 garland greene , in the rear tail bulkhead , can hear the sound of scuffle from down below . he reach over and close the hatch . int . lower storage BAY 117 poe and billy pummel each other . poe connect with a roundhouse . billy spit out a tooth . smile . billy bedlam now I be annoyed . billy charge , swinging . poe grab billy 's shirt and use he momentum to propel he up and over poe . billy fly toward the tail -- flunch ! he be impale on the dagger- like strut . billy bedlam hang there . die . poe regards he ... a poe why cou : not you put the bunny back in the box ? poe pick up he parole letter , fold it and stick it in he pocket . he stuff the bunny in the banker 's box . ext . skie 120 the c-123k descend through 18,000 foot . int . c- 123k - rear 121 baby-o doze . poe come down the aisle . sit next to garland greene . '' 10/11/96 - rev . blue : 76 ; { garland greene two go down . one come up . run ( poe say nothing ) you do not have to tell I . I be sure you have you reason . most murder be crime of necessity rather than desire . but the great one : dahmer , gacy , Bundy , do it because ... it excited they . poe they be insane . garland greene now you be into semantics ... " insane ? " what if I tell you " insane " be work 50 hour a week in some office for 50 year , at the end of which you be tell to piss off ... ending up ina retirement village , hope to die before suffer the indignity of no longer be able to make it to the toilet on time . what if I tol you that be " insane . " : poe murdering thirty people , semantics or not , be insane ... cr garland greene one girl - I drive through three state wear she head as a hat . poe stare at he . blink . beat ... poe feel free not to share everything with I . 124 ext . lerner airfield '- day 124 a tiny strip for weekend aviator and the rare commercial prop , set in a belt of rugge land . a few hangar , a small control tower , a old plane boneyard . a lone cessna be on the horizon . al24a int . c-123k : al24a * poe sit , await the landing ... Cyrus the virus sit down * next to he ... : . cyrus the virus this be some kind of situation we : on find ourselves in , be not it ? eee 10/11/96 - rev . blue4 76a . poe yes , sir -- cyrus the virus yes , gir ! my , be not we polite ? . __ poe someone once call I a " sissy " for bein’ polite ... you know what I tell he ? there 's a " man " in manners , 80 why do not you get some ? Cyrus titter ... cyrus the virus " there 's a ' man 's in manners . " that 's a good one ... he look out the window , voice deaden ... cyrus the virus ( cont . ) when I hear they be building feltham , I know they would send I there ... lock - down 24 -7 ... I also know I no never see it ... I amno . longer willing to live just for the privilege of breathe . do you understand that ? poe of course -- cyrus the virus this have be year in the make , cameron . and nothing will stop it . poe it 's a thing of beauty , Cyrus -- ison 'try to kill everything prison try to eve : no that 's evil inside a man , cameron ... that 's its sole purpose ... sometimes , though , it work the other way ... and everything good inside die ... poe I have see it happen . cyrus the virus I have not have a good think in year , cameron ... not a one ... until today ... poe today ... ee * eetee + ** eed ae etee#eeee 2 ene * eet eeee *. + " 10/11/96 - rev . blue4 763 . 124a 124b 125 cyrus the virus * today ... yes ... because today , one * way or the other , we will be free . * poe look at he ... beat ... . * cyrus the virus ( cont . ) i but tell I : what do you want , . * cameron poe -- ? * . poe * what do I want -- ? : * beat ... poe look at 8 ... measure he ... should he * tell he the truth ? ly not ? : '' poe ( cont . ) * I just want a cold beer , my little * girl speedin’ by on she Big * wheel ... I be change the oil on a * ‘70 chevelle ss 356 , with four on * the floor , 3:31 positraction and a * pair of hedman hedder come in a * close second to my daughter 's * giggle for the sweetest sound * there be ... * »* Cyrus nod , study he ... cyrus the virus * but that 's not gonna happen . so * let 's get back to do what we do * bo well -- kill , maim and * make people miserable ... * ext . larkine convertible corvette - day : 124a drive through the plane boneyard on the outskirt of the airfield " village . " he park in a wooden shed . get out and look around . the place be desert . larkin walk toward the control tower . omit 124b int . c- 123k - cockpit 125 they descend through the cloud ceiling . the tiny lerner landing strip lie below . swamp thing speak into the p.a. swamp thing all right , you down peckerwood . crank the knuckle and hit the crystal . we be touch down . | | of 8/2/96 ~ rev . tan2 : ie 77 . 126 126a 127 127a 128a 130 int . c- 123k - MAIN compartment 126 the con buckle in . hail mary be mumble . int . cessna - cockpit - day 126a the pilot , ted , be call the lerner Tower . ted the pilot hey , lerner Tower , what give , I need a response , over .... ecrew it , I be come in anyway . but there be no response and CUT to : bxt . control towbr - day 127 larkin come up the exterior stair . int . control tower - day : 127a larkin enter . he look around . the room be desert . larkin hey . anybody home ? he see a dirty magazine on the console , then something else . drop of red liquid . he dab he finger in it , smell it . it be blood . larkin , alarmed , whirl around the room . he pull he gun ... approach a closet . open it . the traffic controller lie within , he throat cut . larkin , repulse , slam the door . a sudden roar . larkin look out the window . the c-123k roar dangerously past the window . larkin recoil . grab the c.b. radio . the wire have be CUT . larkin look out ... see the corvette park by the shed ... larkin dash out . ext . skib over lerner airfield - day 128a in the distance , the C -123k bank to line up its approach . int . c- 123k - cockpit 129 swamp thing c lete he '' in Range " check . the c-123k shoot its approach . landing gear lower . int . the cessna - cockpit - day 130 taxi down the runway , ted the pilot , look up in shock , as he see the c-123k come in right at he ! io 8/2/96 -- rev . tan2 133 134a ' 134 aa ' 134 ab 134 ac | 134b 134c 134d 134e ' be 134f int . c-123k poe and the con hold on tight . bxt . c+123k / int . cockpit - the landing the c-123 k come in too hot . 's it 's head on a crash course with the cegsna but swamp thing be not back off this game of chicken . int . the cessna - cockpit - day Ted the pilot , with nowhere to go , at the last second , swerve out of the path of the C - 123k , its inch away from the C -123k 's massive es . the cessna skid off the runway , into the dirt . ( to be re-written ) ext . c-123k / int . cockpit - the landing 78. 133 134a 134 aa * 134 ab the c-123 k still move way too fast . the end of the runway rapidly approach . ie engine whine as they decelerate . the c-123 k crash through a wooden fence at runway 's end onto a dirt road . the leave wing scrape a barb wire fence , the right wing scrape the airfield building , knock out light , etc . ext . wooden shed - day larkin run into the shed and shut the door . int . wooden shed - day larkin , hearing the C -123k , climb up wooden carton and open a roof hatch . ext . wooden shed - day larkin stick he head out and duck as -- ' the wing of the C -123 k nearly decapitate he ; instead it rip off the roof hatch . int . wooden shed - day larkin fall heavily to the floor of the shed . bxt . €- 123k skid toward twin bunkers on either side of the dirt road which will sheer off the C - 123k 's wing so -- int . c- 123k - cockpit -- swamp thing jerk the control stick , jana -- for 134ac 134b 134¢ 134d 1348 234f see * 9/12/96 - rev . cherry3 79 . pe 1346 134h 135 136 bxt . lsrner airfield - dirt road beyond runway - day -- the c-123k skid off the dirt road toward a propane tank protect by a chain link fence . it smashes through a line of crash barrel and skid toward the fence , its nose hit it , stretch it to the break point . the plane slowly stop inches from the propane tank . the fence bracket burst ; the fence fall harmlessly on the propane tank . the c-123k 's nose sink deeply into three feet of muddy muck . ext . lerner airfield - edge of runway - day Ted the pilot unsnap he harness . drop to the dirt . he approach the c-123k . omit int . c-123k diamond Dog open the cage , release the guard ... Bishop make to get out ... but Cyrus be there ... cyrus the virus not so fast ... we do not need any distraction ... lock she up , Nathan ... diamond Dog push she into the cage and lock the door ... he gesture to garland greene ... diamond dog what about this one --? Cyrus regards greene ... Cyrus and diamond Dog do a double - take - for sit next to greene , the guard , Joe , be ‘dead ... eye stare lifelessly into the beyond ... they look at greene , who shrug , almost - bashful ... then : + cyrus the virus spring he -- diamond dog you sure --? cyrus the virus spring he --! 134g 134h 135 136 eee some 9/12/96 - rev . cherry3 t9a , } 137 ext . c-123k 137 Cyrus , cindino , johnny 23 , garland and diamond Dog and the other convict exit the C - 123k . lerner airfield . I be so glad to be here . ( glare ) where 's the plane , Francisco ? ' I cyrus the virus 4 to cindino pace , nervous ... on 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 ; 60 . - cindino I do not know . have patience . Cyrus get right into he face ... 7 cyrus the virus patience ? last poy , that tell I to . shave patience " rne he down and bag he ash . cindino Cyrus , it will be here -- * Ted , the Pilot , walk up , enraged . ted the pilot rey , what the hell do you boy think yer do ...? Jesus Christ . _* Ted , the Pilot 's , eye move from the " con Air " symbol to the disembark con . his jaw drop . he turn and run off into the desert , never look back . cyrus the virus ( to johnny 23 ) co hope he like galt . muchacho . get up on that tower and have a look-see ... let 's go get some fire * power . ' ( stop , turn to 7 cindino} * you come with I . : johnny 23 jog off to the tower . garland wander off . * swamp thing check out the plane as ... Sally can not dance 7 pass a front of he ... '' el * sally can ’t dance very glamorous . this place be 7 exrfect for I . Nice landing . i ery smooth ... swamp thing laugh at she , but Sally sashays away ... as he - cross toward the front of the plane . * 137aa int . lerner airfield - wooden shed - day 137aa * through the wall slat , larkin watch the con disembark . 138 ( int . c- 123k - day 138 poe attempt to lift baby -o ... baby - o0 be in a bad way ... por C ’mon , we be get off ... baby-o I ... can not ... a 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 81 . poe c'mon ... bishop PA li think you should move poe I be get he off this plane -- bishop he should not be move ... he 's too far along ... he could go into anaphylactic shock ... baby-o she 's right , cam . you go -- pob I be not leave without you -- baby-o laugh weakly ... baby-o here we go : Ranger boy ... " I can not leave a fall comrade ... * bla-bla-bla . poe yeah , well ... baby-o go , poe ... time to fight , fuck or hit the fence ... I suggest hit the fence ... bishop he 's right ... go ... poe look at she ... then back at baby - 0 ... tear stand in baby - 0 's glaze eye ... Bishop nod ... por I do not think so ... baby-o {to Bishop ) poe can not play below he game ... he 's just a decent motherfucker , and cry 28 he might , he just can not be nothin’ else . s8he 's hip to this concept ... o~ 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : 82 . a pob here 's how it 's gonna play : I be gonna get you a needle ... there 's tta be a first Aid kit around ere ... and then you will fix and then you will be healthy and then we will crawl stylishly outta here ... baby-o whatever you say , poe ... do what you gotta do ... 7 poe just hang on and do not die on I . they bang fist . poe walk past Bishop . i'll be back for you toot 138a omit 138a * 139 int . lerner airfield - tower - day 139 co johnny 23 enter and look around . * 139aa bxt . lerner airfield ~ day 139aa * : conrad and a few other con come across a small ... gas station 140 «6omit 140 + 140a ext . c-123k : 140a * es and walk around to the side of the plane . he at the rear of the C - 123k - the guard be on they knee . diamond Dog draw the sig sauer from he waistband and level it at a guard 's head . . poe what be you do ? diamond dog what do it look like I be do ? we gotta put ‘em dow -- poe of you can not do that -- diamond dog tell I why . make it convincing . cos I be wait a long time for this ... 8/2/96 - rbv . tan2 : 83. poe they be hostage . we need ‘em ... and diamond Dog level the gun at poe 's head ... diamond dog what the fuck do you care ? poe I do not . we just need ‘em ... diamond Dog study poe ... then : diamond dog I do not understand you ... I watch you ... but I do not understand you ... who be you ? poe stare at he ... at he gun ... and diamond Dog blink fhe queat from he eye ... and maybe he 's lose it a @ ... diamond dog ( cont 'd ) nothing 's ever just black and white . but from where I be stand -- it should all be black ... and he cock the hanmer ... poe hey. man -- I can not think of a thing I would like better than to put a bullet in the brain - base of every one of this fucker . he kick at a guard , send the man to the dirt ... we can eee enae poe hate do this but he 's get to play the part ... angle - Cyrus the virus , by the plane ... he see this -- poe ( cont 'd ) but the plain fact of the matter be ++ how well you know this cindino ? I mean , I do not know he that well tyeself -- just what I read . like how he fire-bombed that Prime Minister 's yacht -- with two of he own cousin on board ... diamond dog what 's you point ? por man who would kill he own cousin ... would he sweat kill some hire gun once they would serve he purpose ...? ' ron ~ will , crore cie np rrs np on he 2 a '' 7/23/96 - rev . -. cherry 2 83a . on ' poe ( cont 'd ) ' + but the plain fact of the matter be -- how well you know this cindino ? I mean , I do not know he that well '' myself -- just what I read . like how he fireé-bombed that Prime Minister ' 's yacht -- with two of he own cousin on board ... . ' diamond dog - mhat 's you point ? poe man who would kill he own cousin ... why would he sweat kill some xed gun once they would serve he purpose ...? diamond Dog and poe trade eyebalis ... it look like poe 's bluff be not work ... then : cyrus the virus what exactly be occur here ? neh not mote et i : diamond dog 4 '' -( never take he eye 'a from poe ) i giant - killer do not want I to bury : the bull -- . cyrus the virus really --? ! ; diamond dog 7 really ... Cyrus regards poe ... then : cyrus the virus now , I can beni igre ease . here want to to eee but what I be struggle with , cameron , be : why you 't ? pob Cyrus , this be you barbecue , and boy , it 's be beautiful -- it really have . first class in every way ... wonderfully organize ... a - etreamline machine . and well ... I be proud to be a part of it , boss . now , iwas just tellin’ mr... Dog over here , that if it be my barbecue , which it be not , nor should it be -- do not get I wrong -- I would wait for that ol 's pumbo jet in the sky before I start ling we only leverage . . { more ) a ) eeeeteee eo # 4 £ 8 # 8 eee Fe £e fee ee £ E eeten eee tte eet ee eee IM £ ) '' 7/23/96 - rev , —- cherry 2 : 835 . ' and Dog get all opet ft poineti : ets uppity , gun and shit ' and . weil , how I 3 ; think that 's sloppy . - and I know as '' ell .as you that be where the mar start to break down ... dog . do not you wanna get laid ? I ~do ! just askin’ ya will to think ~about it ... . be a hi or re ste crete tea er ee Le 2 ing ean dea ear ke ae dr er ee es 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : a 4. a diamond Dog and poe trade eyeball ... it look like poe 's bluff be not work ... then : cyrus the virus what exactly be occur here ? diamond dog ( mever take he eye from poe ) giant - killer do not want I to bury the bull -- cyrus the virus really --? diamond dog really ... Cyrus regards poe ... then : cyrus the virus now , I can understand why Nathan here to kill the guard ... but what I be struggle with , cameron , be : why you *t ? pob Cyrus , this be you barbecue , and boy , it 's be beautiful -- it really have , first class in every way ... wonderfully organize ... a streamline machine . and well ... I be proud to be a part of it , boss . now , I be just tellin’ Mr ... Dog over here , that if it be my barbecue , which it be not , nor should it be ~- do not get I wrong --- I would wait for that ol 's gumbo jet in the sky before I start jilin we only leverage . and Dog ets all uppity , to 8 a gait and , te nbw tt that 's sloppy . and I know as well as you £ eloppy be where the machine start to break down ... dog . do not you wanna get laid ? I ' dot ' just askin’ ya will to think about it ... 7 diamond dog fuck this -- and diamond Dog walk over to a guard and put the gun to he head ... cyrus the virus put the gun down , Nathan ... diamond dog Cyrus -- 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 ; : es. 1408b cyrus the virus ( ook at cindino in -g - ) have Zhang ed . we be to plan B . we need a refuelin truck and a tractor . right oe poe 's right ... we need the hostage . diamond dog what the fuck for ? ext . ubrner airfisld - by the C - 123k - day shovel digging in , slinging dirt . con and guard be shoveling out the C - 22 poe , digging , look at Cyrus . poe my da teach I that many hand = make reas work . '' cyrus the virus you know what my daddy teach I ?.... nothin 's , poe oh , a self - educate man . cyrus the virus {to Viking ) Viking , about time to go get a tractor . yeah . poe I will go get the fuel truck . cyrus the virus sure poe . you be turn out to be a most useful mammal . a a Viking jog off toward separate airfield building . cindino begin walk off . Cyrus throw a shovel to cindino . cindino you expect I to ... ? cyrus the virus dig . cindino , glaring at Cyrus , take the shovel and begin to gig . he fervously look across the airfield at a store ot cover with a tarpaulin . ee ee ee een t 6/2/96 - rev . tan2 7 86 . w_ , 2400 C 141 aa ' 142 143 143aa int . lerner airfield - wooden shed - day 140 cce larkin watch poe and viking move across the airfield . * larkin leave . ext . lerner - trailer park beyond airfield - day 14@iaa * garland greene arrive at the outskirt of a trailer park . there be a abandon , crack , empty swim pool . garland greene walk up to it . a little girl be play on the cement floor of the pool . she look up , unafraid . garland greene poe bi . * little girl hello . what 's you name ? garland greene garland . little girl hello , garland . want to play ? garland greene e sure . * greene nod shyly , eye lidd , a smile spread . ext . lerner airfibld - near storage depot - day 142 poe and Viking run up the eae Viking climb onto a . tractor . he spot the fuel truck by a storage depot ... 7 viking 7 * hey , pixie . .. there 's the fuel * truck ... go get it ! 7 poe head for the storage depot . Viking run off for the 7 tractor . : e ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 143 cindino , very nervous now , watch poe 's movement next to the storage depot . int . c-123k 143aa ty ... save for the quiverin - 0 ... and the can gord bish op. +. = baby '' be bibhop be I aeuoo look on the bright 2 d not have a date for New Year 's anyave . oe - 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 7 87 . 143a 144 al44a 144a 145 145a baby-o all the time , all the time you think about the way you be gonna 9 ° out ... I gotta ya , Guard pishop , this be never one of Bishop look at he ... no shit ... int . airport - MAIN build Sally can not dance have find a suitcase . she begin pull a out several dress from the open suitcase . she hold purple one up . omit ext . lerner - fuel truck - day poe go to the fuel truck . but instead of drive it out , he unspool the hose , stick the end on the ground . he begin pump the precious fuel , which gurgle down and out . poe enter the storage depot . int . lerner - storage depot - day poe open the tent flap , slide inside . he stop , search a desk top some box . poe be smashed across the back of he head with a handgun and be yank back into the lear jet area . ext . lbrner - by the C - 123k - day Viking pull up on a old farm tractor . bxt . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 8 wamp thing attaches a length of cable to the C - 123k 's nose hook , then begin run the cable to the back of the old swamp thing where 's that fuel truck at ? Cyrus scan the airfield , look for poe ... cyrus the virus where indeed ? conrad come around the corner , push a shopping cart iaden with booze , a boom box , CD , dirty mag , etc . 145 145a * oo 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : 88. 146 147 conrad check it out . we get the whole single - malt family here . not bad for bumfuck ... Cyrus take a box of cheroot from the cart ... take one out ... light it ... continue to scan the horizon for poe ... the convict and guard keep digging . ' the crater around * the C - 123k 's wheel assembly be large now . the wheel be expose and almost ready to move . : ext . lerner - trailer park - day 146 garland greene and the little girl . garland greene sit with the little girl . he hold the boy doll , she the girl little girl it 's nice to see you , Bob . would you like to come over for dinner ? ( garland do not respond ) I think you want to play --? garland greene I ... do . little girl well you have to make Bob talk . look ( demonstrate with " Bob " doll ; bob-voice : ) I no love to come over for dinner , Jan . what be we have ? ( jan-voice ) burger . burger and bean . ( bob-voice ) I love burger and bean ... {to greene ) bee ? greene nod ... take Bob back ... garland greene fm eae to come over for dinner , little girl Jan -- 1 garland greene Jan . I would love to come over for dinner , Jan . what be we have ? int . lerner - storage depot - day 147 at alll men hold poe at gunpoint , hand on top of he je 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 7 89 . om 147a 1473 147¢ '' '' 147d por oh , I get it : Cyrus be wait for a ' plane that 's already here ... you be gonna take cindino and leave the rest to rot ... poe look each man in the eye ... poise to strike ... cindino 's man # 2 xaise he gun ... poe ( cont ’d ) you fire that pistol , twenty iss - off prisoner nre gonna hear poe smile . but then cindino 's man # 2 pull a silencer from he breast pocket . begins screwing it on the barrel . bxt . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 147a cindino climb out of the hole , still nervously watch the storage depot . int . lerner - storage depot - day 147b the silence pistol be place against poe 's head . suddenly : larkin freeze -- ! all three man turn . to see a sweat -streak , slightly panicked ' vince larkin gun raise ... larkin ( cont . ) just fuh -reeze -- | poe , with alarming speed , smashes he elbow into the first man , grab the go from the second man , strike he across the face , and t! roundhouse kick the third man ... cindino 's men lie unconscious . poe have the silence pistol . larkin and poe have they weapon aim at one ' another . int . lear jet - day 147 '' the pilot walk from the lear 's bathroom to the cockpit . through the cockpit windshield he see the unconscious man on the depot floor , and poe and larkin to the side . the pilot duck to the cockpit floor , hide . int . lerner - storage depot - day 247d poe and larkin , weapon raise ... of 6/2/96 - rev . tan2 for ~ ( ~ 1472 omit 90 . larkin you be cameron poe ... poe that 's right . larkin I be larkin . poe hello larkin . : larkin you send I that message . on the body . poe where be the troops ? larkin they '11 be here ... poe they will be here ? larkin can I lower this ? poe go ahead -- you gonna lower yours ? poe probably not -- larkin poe -- poe so : . boss -- but there 's only two man I trust . one be I , the other one be not you . larkin hough I could help you get off znee plane , keep the plane take off and keep everyone from killiag everyone else . '' eee¢e eente 1478 * y? 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : 91. 147f int . lerner - storage depot - day they still have they gun raise ... larkin gesture to the ear ... ' larkin what 's this do here ? poe ' look like cindino be run a drag on everyone ... larkin if you can not trust a South american grugiord , who can you trust -- ? poe stare at he ... larkin ( cont ‘d ) that 's a joke -- poe thanks for tell it to I . beat ... larkin blink the sweat from he eye ... I be 3 1 in hi '' just try to lighten the load ie $ poe I gotta get back to the plane ... - larkin I need you help , man . ; poe funny , that 's why I call for you =- poe turn to go ... larkin you be a free man , poe ... what the fuck be you do ? poe I can not trade a friend 's life for wy own , larkin ... that 's all ... larkin you have get a friend on board . I have a feel about you , poe ... I read you file ... always in the wrong place at the wrong time ... Hell , if you take the bus home today instead of the plane , you would not of wound up in the middle of this mess -- 147f e¢ ese # 8 '' one ee eee eteeetanr co cc 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 92 . poe yeah , well ... and if the dog have not stop to shit , he might have catch the rabbit ... larkin so true . beat ... and poe turn to go ... poe Goodbye marshal larkin . poe 's almost go ... larkin 's in a panic ... suddenly , quickly : larkin nod ... larkin I speak to you wife ... poe in person ? larkin in person . and you little girl ... poe you see casey ? poe look like he want to take a knee ... poe ( cont ‘d ) tell I -- larkin she 's amazing . truly amazing . and she can not wait to see you ... : beat ... poe choose he word carefully ... beat ... por listen , larkin , if this thing go bad -- I be afraid my daughter will mever understand what I be try : to do here ... if you talk to wife again -- tell she ... tell she she 's ummingbird ... but I could not leave a fall man behind . you will do that for I will not you , larkin ...? sure I will mii brin ao . be you gonna for I -- ? : 7 poe stare at he ... Long beat ... then : ' eeee oe ¢¢ @ * * e#e¢@eeeeeee '' ete '' 7/19/96 - rbv . goldenrod2 92a. greene / little girl ( sing ) " he 's get you and I , brother , in his hand / he 's get you and I , sister , in his / he 's get you and I , brother , in his hand / he 's get the whole world in his hand . " garland hear the roar of engine . he turn and see the armed convoy approach the airfield . eeaeeene 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 poe what do you think I be gonna do , marshal kin ? I be gonna save the fuck day -- poe turn and walk out . 147g ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day Cyrus and the rest of the con continue to dig the C -123 k out of the dirt . ext . lernbr - control tower - day on the towbr lookout , johnny 23 shout : johnny 23 we got company ! ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day Cyrus turn and look . ext . lerner - day ten mile away , come down the long tongue of road be a convoy of vehicle . 150 omitted 148 149 149 a eo orn 250a 150b oo 7 asoc ext . next to gas station - day poe see the approach convoy . ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day the tractor be strain to pull out the c-123k . Cyrus gaze at the approach swirl of dust that be the convoy . he go to diamond Dog ... cyrus the virus how long you figure , Nathan ? diamond Dog study the horizon ... . diamond dog ten , eleven minute top ... Cyrus shout to the con ... cyrus the virus okay , gentleman , we have ten minute till the cavalry arrive ... let 's get she out ... now ! int . storage depot - day larkin be drag cindino 's man into a storage bulkhead . 93. eeen '' 1476 * 148 149 149a * 1s0 * 1s0a * 1505b * '' e of eene 150c * 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : 94. 151 ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 151 the c-123k be be pull back onto the road by the con and the tractor . 152 ext . road to lerner airfield - day 152 the armed convoy ( trooper , National guardsman , County sheriff , local police , etc. ) move towards the airport . 153 ext . lerner - trailer park - day 153 garland greene and the little girl continue they play ... little girl you come in that big plane . it wake I . garland greene I be sorry . little girl be you sick ? garland greene why do you ask ? little girl you look sick . garland greene I be very sick . c little girl do you take medicine ? : garland greene there be no medicine for what I have beat . garland greene look like he 's come unglue . little girl want to sing ? garland greene sing ? little girl do you know * he 's get the Whole World in his hand ? " garland greene yes . I do . a 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 154 155 a 155b little girl ( sing ) be 's get the whole world in his hand / he 's get the whole world in his hand / he 's get the whole world in his hand ... ( to greene ) c’mon ... " he 's get the whole world in his hand . " after some hesitation garland greene join in : greene / little girl ( sing ) * he 's get you and I , brother , in his hand / he 's get you and I sister , in his ds / he 's get you and I , brother , in his hand / he 's get the whole world in his hand . " garland hear the roar of engine . he turn and see the armed convoy approach the airfield . int . lerner - gas station - day poe enter hurriedly and in rummage through the gas station / general store , open : cabinet , throw : ing thing aside , search . he find a little emergency sreety T. open it . there 's nothing in it of use to baby-o. ext . ( C - 123k - day the con be still tug the c-123 k out of dirt . cyrus the virus where 's cindino ? ( look around ) where the fuck be cindino ? diamond dog I be not see ‘em ... ext . lerner - across airfield from C - 123k - day cindino be hurry toward the storage depot , which he enter . ext . lerner - behind the storage depot - day larkin be look across the airfield and Cyrus and the con , and beyond that , at the oncoming larkin Christ , they ' 1l be slaughter ... 154 155 * 1ssa 155b 1 156 a156 156a 156b > ) 156 '' 156D 1565 is6f ' 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 of os rh 96 . int . lerner - storage depot - day 156 cindino race across the storage depot and bolt up the stair into the lear jet . get moveil ete . . int . lear ubt - cabin - day . , a156 * cindino see he pilot cower in the cockpit . * ( in Spanish ) eee : get we out of here . now ! * the pilot fire up the lear jet 's engine . ext . lerner - behind the storage depot - day 156a the thrust of the lear jet engine blast through the tarpaulin , knock larkin to the ground . ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 156b Cyrus , diamond . '' thing , everybody , react to the sound of the lear 's engine | 2 '' ; they whirl around and look across the airfield in shock as -- * cyrus the virus 7 ( sarcastically ) , we plane . ext . lerner - storage depot - day 156c the lear jet explode through the barrel wall of the storage depot and begin to taxi . int . cindino 's lear jet - cockpit - day 156D cindino sit with the pilot , steering for the runway . be , the other convict , and the C -123 k be visible t th the windshield . ext . lerner - airfield behind oil barrel - day 156e larkin , sprinting parallel to the lear jet behind the stack of oil barrel , head toward a crane . omitt 1s6f * co '' asec 1568 as6 z ce co a1s6 g 156 156k = 156l U 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 . 97 . bxt . lerner - crane - day 1566 larkin reach the cri operator' cad . ' ane and scramble into the crane the lear jet pass , nearly abreast of the crane . larkin lunge for the crane boom ulic release lever and pull it . '' the crane boom fall like a guillotine . as the lear jet pass the crane -- ~- the crane boom fall across the lear jet 's rear fuselage , cut the thin aluminum ribbing in half like a knife through butter . the front halp of the lear jet , separate from the rear , roll / dragqge on its front wheel , careen toward the airfield station . int . ubrner - gas station - day 1568 poe , inside , see the front half of the lear jet roaring straight at he . ext . lerner - gas station - day i561 the lear jet 's nose plow over the gas station pump and into the front facade of the station . gasoline spew up from the tank , shower down on the cut - in- lear jet . ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day a1s63 * Cyrus and diamond Dog run for the lear . the rest of the a con make to follow . Cyrus whirl on they : 7 : cyrus the virus * stay here ! get this plane ready to bad roll . I need focus -- ! 7 be and diamond Dog move to the lear ... * omit 1s6j * ext . lerner - in front of gas station - day 156k cindino and the pilot be strapped in the damage lear , which have come to a stop ina 1l of gasoline . cindino elbow - smashes the windshield ... and suddenly freeze . cyrus stand there , glaring at they . * bxt . lerner - next to the crane - day 156l * diamond Dog walk past and look into the crane , but no one be there . et for 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 . 98. of 156l 156 m . 156n 156p ext . lerner - behind the crane - day 156l * larkin crouch behind the crane . he see a rusty old * truck with a snowplow . ext . lerner - in front of gas station - day 156 m Cyrus walk to edge of the pool of gasoline ... " gyrus the virus look like you and I have different opinion about this getaway , Francisco . cindino I ....2 can explain .... Cyrus puff on he cheroot . cindino look at it . look at the gasoline . look up at Cyrus in terror . cy ? cindino ( cont . ) Cyrus flick the cheroot ... . cyrus the virus -- anora ... : it ignites a stream of gasoline . the flame race to the root at cindino 's plane . cindino , he pilot , the lear * let , and the lerner Gas Station ignite a huge ball of flame . int . lerner - gas station - day isén poe be blow out the other side of the ges station by the blast . poe 's gun be blow away in the blast . poe roll to @ stop underneath a truck . : omit ( 1560 ) * ext . lerner - gas station - underneath truck - day 156p * poe , underneath the ' truck , look to he side . a old man lie there , cower : old man do not kill I ! poe do not worry ... listen : I need a syringe . old man a syringe ? aw , no . the drug will endya , son ... : por there 's gotta be a first Aid kit a here somewhere -- 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 7 99 . 156q i56r old man just killy a ... worse ' 'o booze -- poe I appreciate that , but -- old man there 's a first Aid Station over there .. behind the propane tank ... por thank you ... dust stay here and do not worry ... old man easy for you to say . you do not gotta take a piss ... poe stare at the old man ... then roll out from under the truck and creep to the rear of the gas station . ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day 156q * Cyrus . lane have not yet be pull into * position cane ow cake oft , 7 cyrus the virus * ( to swamp thing ) * how long before she 's ready to fly ? * swamp thing * I need another ten minute to get t she ready for take - off . * Cyrus turn to the approach convoy : * cyrus the virus * ten minute . that 's a problem . : * smash CUT to the c-123k' belly compartment as it be blow i56r * open by a gun blast ... * there 's a small arsenal of shotguns , pistol , tear gas 7 canister , and shell box . diamond Dog begin hand out 7 to con ... when something in the compartment catch 7 5 eye . diamond dog * cyrus -- ! * Cyrus walk over ... to see - inside the compartment - the * dead billy bedlam . 7 cyrus the virus 7 the plot thicken ... * but there 's no time for speculation ... Cyrus snap into * patton-mode. at * dd 157 158 158a 159 159a a ) 259b ‘1s59 BA be '' 159 '' 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : s99a . cyrus the virus ye ire tch the rose everyone fou -- watc ard ... else ... to that beneyard . .. ambush position . and grab some of that propane tank . let 's give ‘em everything we have get . eee eeee : 7 157 omitted thru 158 * ext . lerner - day is8a * come down the long tongue of road be a convoy of * ' vbhicle . ; ext . lerner - boneyard - day 1s9 * con lay down SMALL propane tank and turn the release valve on . Cyrus look around . ext . lbrner - boneyard - day 159a the lawmen move into the boneyard , cautiously approach the c-123k in the distance . ext . c-123k 159b swamp thing continue to pull the c-123k into position . * conrad etand over the guard . no one see johnny 23 skulk * by , climb up the ramp . int . c-123k 159 BA johnny 23 have enter ... he see baby -o ... see Bishop ... Big smile ... he move for Bishop ... baby - o scream ... but of course he can not move ... baby-o what the fuck be you do , johnny ? do not you do it , man ... do not you do it -- ! johnny arrive at Bishop 's cage ... smile ... tries the door ... it 's lock . bishop sorry , johnny , I can not come out and play . johnny look for a way to break the lock ... ext . lerner - behind the huge propane tank - day assc poe creep up to the first aid station behind the propane it ank . he smashes open the lock with a shovel and rummages the supplies . he find a syringe . smile . 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 : 998 . 159d 1s9e 159 F 159fa 159g ext . lerner - boneyard - day 1s9d above the boneyard , and the convict be in ambush position , gun train down on the lawmen . diamond Dog take a tear gas gun . the lawmen creep into the boneyard . the lead lawman stop . he smell something . he look at he foot , notice a vagubly perceptible mist . he sniff the air . he notice a hissing SOUND . he look down at -- the propane tank with they valve on " release , " spew propane gas across the boneyard , where it sit in a low lanket , heavier than atmosphere . gas !!! = the lawmen turn and sprint back . ext . lerner - above boneyard - day 159e diamond Dog fire a tear gas round into a propane tank and -- . bxt . lerner - boneyard - day 1s9f -- the propane tank , one by one , blow sky high . Cyrus and he man open fire on the retreating lawmen . a devastating fusillade , which kill and wound several . startle , outgun , the lawmen get cover and return fire . int . c-123k 1s59fa johnny have find a crow bar ... he start hammer at the lock ... we / they can hear the rxplosion from outside : ; jornny 23 mood music -- baby-o don't you do it , man ... i'll fucking kill you --! don 't you -- johnny wedge the bar into the lock ... yank on it .. ext . lerner - behind the propane tank - day 159g poe , try to sprint for the plane , be catch in the crossfire between convict and 's lawmen . he run through the crossfire ... a 8/2/96 - rev . tan2 7 99c. rno '' s9ga 159ga 159 gb isscc 159gd 159ge bxt . lerner - by the C - 123k - day a1s9ga * the c-123k have be pull back near the road . swamp thing unhook the cable from the tractor ... int . c-123k 159ga johnny 23 have get the cage door open ... he enter ... Bishop kick in the face ... . johnny 23 hot - blooded , just the way I like baby-o johnny -- | as johnny move on top of she , Bishop use the moment to cuff he hand to the door with she handcuffs ... johnny 23 that 's okay , baby -- I be not Planning on use my hand -- and he move for she ... ext . ( c-123k 159 gb poe make it to the plane ... he 's on he way to the rie when he see : the cable lie on the ground , where it have be hook up to the tractor ... ext . lerner - boneyard - day 159g6c the convict continue fire on the lawmen . Cyrus see a convict take a bullet and go down ... he turn and see the * C -123 k be in a position to go . * cyrus the virus ( to the con in the . boneyard ) * get back to the plane ! * swamp thing race back to the c-123k ... * bxt . c-123k . 159 gd poe grab the cable ... he run some twenty yard . attach it to a cement pylon .... he turn - to see swamp thing head back for the plane under a torrent of gunfire ... int . c-123k 159 GE dohnny 23 and Bishop continue to battle ... johnny 23 finally e's grab she around the throat ... he 's get she down ... and he 's on top ... she 's lose consciousness ... he leer : 8/2/96 - bev . tan2 . 99 . a 159 gf ro 159 gg go to sl baby hen you wak oo slee - wi ou wake up I will bee * gohmky 2a . " * a hand reach in and grab johnny 's hair ... yanking he back and up against the cage ... it be poe ... and he smashes johnny 's face repeatedly against the cage , knock he unconscious ... johnny sag , hand still cuffed to the cage ... {to Bishop ) a oo 5. you all right -- ? bishop better now -- poe move down the aisle to baby - o0 . he hold up the syringe . baby -o beam , take the syringe -- baby-o you be buckin’ for sainthood , cameron poe ... no shit ... poe just take it and let 's go -- ext . lerner 159 gf Cyrus and the con be now back - pedale for the c-123k ... int . c-123k 159 gg swamp thing climb aboard , pass baby -0 , who 's fix ... and clock the knock - out johnny 23 , look at Bishop ... yn 7/17/96 - rbv . green2 100 . 259gh 159h 1591 1597 159 k bishop he 's have a big day -- swamp thing continue on to the can it and start the prop engine ... ao til bxt . boneyard 1s9gh * militia men be fire ... one man look over he rifle-scope ... confused ... for he see -- -- Sally can not dance run in she stewardess uniform back to the plane ... omitted ext . lerner - the truck with snowplow the snowplow burst through the boneyard rubble , larkin behind the wheel . it barrel down the road into the middle of the fire-fight . larkin raise the plow on the truck , use it as a shield . ext . lerner - by the C - 123k - day Cyrus move for the plane ... to conrad : cyrus the virus get they back on the plane -- ! conrad corrais the guard back on the plane ... follow the survive convict . the plane pull forward , taxiing now . diamond Dog hang back , provide cover for the rest of the con , riddling the boneyard with bullet , as the other con climb on the c-123k ... the plane slowly taxi down the runway ... diamond Dog motice the cable move ... see it be hook to the pylon ... see that it i5 tightening ... a look of horror sweep he face ... diamond dog what the fu -- ? still fire , diamon@ Dog run for the pylon ... int . c-123k poe see diamond Dog run for the pylon ... oh , shit ... baby -o be inject himself . baby-o abhhh . 1598 1s9r 1593 eeen 68 ee 159k * 7/17/96 - rev . green2 100a , 4 159 ka 159 KB ; ; '' * J asoxe 159l 159 m 160 ext . tarmac 1s9ka * diamond deg be gun for the pylon ... a few more inch of * slack be tere in the cable . ae che last possible second , * he unhook the cable from the pylon and it swing free , ' snake along the ground ... * int . c-123k 159 KB * poe see that diamond Dog have unhook the cable ... . poe e shit ... * poe move for baby-o ... = : pob ( cont ’d ) * let 's go , odell -- * baby-o * I just gotta -- * poe 7 now -- ! * poe help baby -o to he foot ... Bishop be behind he ... they ' move for the rear hatch ... * ext . tarmac 159kc * diamond Dog run full - sprint for the speed C - 123k , * bullet stitching the ground around he . he scramble onto ied the plane . 7 bxt . lerner ~- runway - day 159l larkin 's truck move parallel to the taxiing C - 123k . * convict fire back from the plane . e the cable attach to the C - 123k 's nose hook be now * drag behind the C - 123k , whipping violently back and forth across the runway . larkin try to outrum the c-123k . * int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin 1 s9m * poe and baby-o and Bishop move for the rear of the move * plane . . ext . lerner - runway - day 160 the c-123 k roar down the runway . larkin ' 's truck run * parallel . 7/17/96 - rev . green2 1008 . 161 162 163 164 164a 165 166 167 168 168a 1688 the cable attach to the c-123k whip across the wooden shed where larkin hide malloy 's corvette . the steel cable hit the ' vette 's chrome bumper and rap whap whap whap whap around it . omitted 161 ext . runway 162 the c-123k continue down the runway , pull : the cable taut and suddenly -- a the corvette be rip from the wooden shed . Wood fly like kindling . the c-123 k start pull the corvette down the runway !!! omitted 163 int . c- 123k - cockpit 164 swamp thing open the throttles to full power and ease off the brake . he wrench back on the control colum . ext . lerner - runway 164a " eee outrace the C -123k . he pull over . look ao omitted 165 bxt . skie over lerner airfield - day 7 166 -- the c-123k jerk up and into the AIR , pull the i corvette with it . the c-123k begin its climb , but the corvette 's weight drag the plane into a steep bank . int . c-123k 167 poe and baby -o make it to the rear hatch ... ..- in time to see all that ground some 100 foot below * they ... omit ( 168- 170 ) 168 ext . malloy and dever 's huby helicopter 168a " approach ... * int . malloy / dever ' huey helicopter - day 168b '' malloy and dever icok down at the action beneath they . * they see larkin and descend toward he . * 7/17/96 - rev . green2 on rd chief dever good Lord , Duncan ... be not that you car ? 168c int . c-123k close on pork - back in the shit . 168d ext . lerner - tarmac - day malloy and dever ' huey touch down . 171 +#=ext . skie over lerner - day the corvette , trail the C - 123k , hit the control tower , snap off the cable . the corvette plummet to the airfield . a [ acta 100cc . een 166c * 168d * 171 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 101 2 172 173 174 183 183aa 183a 185 186 ext . malloy' corvette - day 172 crash to the ground upside down . not far from malloy and dever ... malloy turn a furious look at larkin ... what can larkin do but shrug ? . angle the sky : the c-123 k be go , go , go . 173 omitted 174 ext . skie over lerner - day 183 the c-123k soar into the freedom of the sky . int . c- 123k - day 183a0 a garland greene sit on the plane , the boy doll , bob , clench in one hand . ext . trailer park - day 183a the Little girl be stand at the edge of the park , the jan doll wave good - bye to the plane . little girl good-bye , Bob . come again soon . ext . lerner airfield - day 185 * larkin race for one of the cobras . malloy where do you think you be go ? larkin I be gonna get she down . my way . malloy the hell you be . larkin jump into the cobra . the pilot be gator . larkin let 's go . larkin 's cobra lift off . malloy get in the second cobra . it lift off after larkin 's cobra . int . c- 123k - day 186 a grim cargo : convict be wounded , there 's blood all over the floor . poe check on Bishop . 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 ao 1 187 ( 187a on 101a . poe how you doin 's ? bishop still breathin’ . poe go to baby - o 's side . poe how you feel , man ? baby-o okay . poe look at he . no sweat , no chill , all better . int . c- 123k - cockpit 187 * swamp thing look grim . swamp thing we lose a engine back there . diamond dog what do that mean exactly ? * cyrus the virus it mean : let 's not lose another . int . c-123k 187a * Sally can not dance and conrad be break out the goods . Sally dispense the booze , chip . carton of cigarettes be pass . everyone light up . Cyrus enter the cabin from the cockpit , pass johnny 23 , still cuffed to the cage ... he tsk ... cyrus the virus you hate to see that : a perfectly good rapo humiliate ... he leave johnny cuffed ... johnny strain at he bond ... johnny 23 cimon , man -- ! Cyrus face the convict ... convict ( in unison ) what be we doin 's now ? , etc . conrad I can understand you puttin’ cindino down like that , but now iet the fuck be we suppose to jo ? ** teen 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 pia cyrus the virus it 's call plan B. plan B isa strip in La cartoza , Mexico - inhabit by some heroin dealer friend of mine . where the wine run like water . and the woman nip at you heel like newborn pup ... the con yell with approval . conrad have pop a disc into the boom box . the open chord of lynyrd 's skynyrd 's " sweet Home Alabama " crank . conrad , Sally can not dance and a few other boogie down . ( " sweet Home Alabama / where the sky be so blue / sweet Home Alabama / Lord I be come home to you ... ) diamond Dog be talk quietly to Cyrus . show he something ... Cyrus look most agitate ... they look at the con . 188 omitted a189 189 ext . skie over nevada - day 102 . eee eae * * 188 * als9 * the two cobras , malloy in one , larkin the other , scream over * the desert . we see the c-123k two mile ahead through the windshield ... intercut - larkin and malloy ’‘s cobras ... int . malloy' pilot we have establish visual contact . two mile and approach -- malloy let 's take ‘em out , larkin -- : larkin not yet . malloy not yet ? what be we wait for ? let 's take they fuck ass out right now ... larkin that be my plane . that be my man . my responsibility . they " fuckin 's ass " will not be " take out " until I feel there be no other recourse . you understand , agent malloy ? you with I ? or you need it draw in crayon like usual ? c-123k " sweet Home Alabama " continue to play on the boombox . garland greene turn to poe . * * 189 * 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 103. ec garland greene define '' irony . " bunch of idiot dance in a plane to a song make famous by a band that die in a plane crash . the music stop . Cyrus be by the boom box , have shut it off , hold the sig sauer . he walk the aisle , count off on he finger ... cyrus the virus someone alert the authority in carson City ; and then someone tell they about the lerner rendezvous ; someone : even kill poor billy bedlam ... could this all be a coincidence ? perhaps . but then someone go and hook a chain to the tail of the plane . so I ask you ? what be go on ? and I will answer you . we have a traitor . a traitor in we midst ... Cyrus walk over to Bishop ... cyrus the virus ( cont . ) how to flush the traitor ... ? how to suck out the poison ... ? how to lance the boil ... ? ( beat ) I need to know right now that everyone aboard be on my team . whoever here be on the side of the law be go to have a problem with what I do next ... ( place the gun to Bishop 's head ) one ... poe watch , terrify ... cyrus the virus ( cont . ) two ... Bishop be sweat , look at poe ... baby - o see poe about to move . cyrus the virus ( cont . ) Three ... Cyrus begin to squeeze the trigger ... baby-o wait ... ! it be I . everyone , startle , whirl toward baby -o . poe can not believe this . Cyrus approach baby-o . eee eee eee eee * ee * ia 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 loa . cyrus the virus you -- ? baby-o yeah , motherfucker ... I ... cyrus the virus you ... you who have be near- death the entire trip -- baby-o that 's right ... clever , huh , bitch ? cyrus the virus perhaps . if have a bullet in you chest be clever -- Cyrus raise the gun to baby - o 's chest . poe no -- ! blam ! baby -o take one in the gut ... poe move for he friend ... baby - o 's hit bad ... baby-o how do I look -- ? poe what the hell be you think , son ? baby-o I just get tired a you hoggin’ all the heroic -- poe attempt to dress the wound ... and he / we hear 0.s. ina high , sweet , schoolgirl mimic : cyrus the virus ( 0.s. ) " my daddy be come home on July 14 . my birthday be July 14 . I be go to see my daddy for the first time ever on . July 14 ... " poe look up ... to see Cyrus , stand at the front of the plane ... holding casey 's crayon-scrawled letter ... cyrus the virus ( cont . ) " I can not wait for July 14 ... " and Cyrus raise the stuff pink bunny ... and stick a gun in its ear ... cyrus the virus ( cont . ) make a move and the bunny get it ... he chuckle ... and hook the bunny to he belt ... +* +e eee +e 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 eo 189a 189b 189c 189d 105 . cyrus the virus ( cont . ) a poison ... a cancer ... through the rear hatch - the cobra rise behind the c-123k . Cyrus , startle whirl from poe to the cobra . he raise he gun and fire , bullet plunk into the cobra 's windshield . int . larkin 's cobra gator send a burst of gunfire into the c-123k . int . c- 123k - rear - day Cyrus and the other con dive out of the way . the cabin . seat explode . int . larkin 's cobra - day larkin what be you do ? gator he be shootin’ at we . larkin follow my order , okay , man ? gator Roger . the cobra swerve in behind the c-123k . int . c-123k poe hold baby-o , who be get scared ... baby - o I be gettin’ a bad feelin’ , son ... I be feel like I be not suppose to make it ... poe I can not allow that , son . you be gonna make it just fine ... baby - o all I can think about be like there be not no God ; that he do not exist . nbegin to sob ) and that scare I , son . cos I think I be gonna die ... poe look to Bishop in she cage . to garland greene , who grin . poe rise . about to detonate . 189a 189b bullet rake 189c 189d * +e eet eee eee eee e ee 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 106 . on 195 of 196,196A 196b 196c baby-o * where you goin 's ? 7 poe 7 I be go to show you God exist ... * poe start to move down the plane ... diamond Dog block he ial way ... * diamond dog * you gotta problem , bitch - boy ? _ smash ! diamond Dog suck floor . 7 . * int . malloy 's chopper 195 * the c-123k 's 's coordinate be track by the cobra 's digital computer and display on twin cathode - ray tube . angle - the cockpit canopy . head up display . a cross-hair 196 show the point of aim for the cobra 's 30 mm cannon chain gun . malloy time to be a man , larkin . strap a hog on and let 's start fuck . FIRE ! malloy 's cobra fire into the c-123k ... omitted 196,196A int . c-123k 196b * the interior be strafe ... everyone dive for cover ... poe race down the aisle , gunfire surround he ... he slam the rear mesh door separate the front two - third of the fuselage from the rear of the plane ... int . larkin ’'s cobra 196c larkin can not believe it ... larkin malloy , you sonuvabitch , cease FIRE ! cease -goddamn -fire right -goddamn now ! malloy 's cobra position for second attack . larkin get in he way . gator what ? 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 107 . ee larkin om get in he way . he will not shoot at we . gator you sure about that ? larkin no . do it . gator look at larkin . do it . 196D ext . skie - day 196D larkin 's cobra dive between the c-123k and malloy 's cobra . 196e int . malloy 's cobra - day 196e malloy that stupid bastard . malloy 's cobra try to maneuver around larkin 's cobra . gator do not give he a alley . pilot I get no move . ( 498 omitted 197,198 * 199 int . c-123k 199 * poe make he way down the center- aisle of the plane , * pummel anything in he way . conrad , Viking , the other con , fall by the wayside . poe race through the middle mesh door and slam it shut , * locking it . poe sprint for the cockpit ... 200 int . c- 123k - cockpit day 200 swamp thing be pull she leave and right ... the cockpit * door open ... poe enter ... stick the gun in swamp thing 's ear ... swamp thing what the hell you do in here , fat nut ? poe I '' the new captain -- : * 201 int . malloy' cobra 201 * pas : malloy * switch to missile -- * 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 ia a202 of b202 c202 d202 the pilot look at he ... malloy ( cont . ) do it -- int . c- 123k - cockpit poe stand behind swamp thing , gun to the pilot 's ear ... suddenly , over the radio come : larkin ( v.o. ) Cyrus ! Cyrus Grissom ! hi , there ! Cyrus . do not do I like that , pal . how be you ? poe grab the radio mike ... poe do not fire -- ! malloy ( v.0o . ) who be this ? larkin ( v.0o . ) identify yourself ... poe this be cameron poe ... int . larkin 's cobra larkin offer we the briefest of smile at this moment of — redemption ... larkin yes ... int . malloy 's cobra malloy offer we the briefest of discomfort ... malloy Christ ... poe ( v.0 . ) hold you fire . I be bring the plane down ... int . larkin 's cobra - day larkin scream over the radio : larkin malloy ! listen to he ! goddamn it , he’s a friend not a enemy ! c’mon , poe. c’mon , baby ... 108 . a202* * % hee * * d202* * hee ' 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 109 . e202 f202 g202 h202 1202 int . c- 123k - rear of cabin e202 Cyrus and the other inmate unload round after round at the lock on the steel mesh door ... int . malloy 's cobra f202 malloy 's pilot achieve " lock - on " in he central aiming dot . pilot I have target lock sir . ( no response ) I repeat , the target be lock . ( no response ) Sir ... ? we be not over civilian population . now be the time ... larkin malloy , don't you do it ! don ’t you do it !!! malloy be freeze with indecision ... then : malloy hold fire ... pilot Sir -- ? malloy you hear I ... hold fire ... int . larkin 's cobra g202 larkin be visibly relieved ... int . c- 123k - rear of cabin h202 Cyrus shoot through the lock on the rear mesh door . he race to the middle mesh door . it be lock . in a rage , he open fire on the lock ... int . c- 123k - cockpit 1202 the altimeter drop below 8,000 foot . swamp thing we be fuck . we just lose the second engine . poe land this thing ... swamp thing that 's what I be do . only the word be " crash . " * * + teeeee to * 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 { - j202 k202 ext . skie - day the c-123k descend lower and lower . a thousand foot off the ground now . the cobras still in escort . int . c-123k Cyrus shoot through the second mesh door . poe exit the cockpit and hit the electronic cage buzzer . freeing Bishop and the guard , who immediately go to seat and strap in . Cyrus storm for the cockpit . poe meet he head - on ... cyrus the virus say good - night , giant -killer ... blam ! blam ! bullet tattoo the area around Cyrus the virus . he dive for cover . 110 . 3202 k202 Bishop have recover the airweight . its barrel smoke . poe look at Bishop . Bishop nod . poe head for the cockpit . 202 omitted 203 int . larkin 's cobra larkin and gator watch the crippled craft ... larkin can he make it to the airport ... gator no way ... where they gonna land that thing ? larkin how do you feel about the blackjack table ? 202 * 203 larkin gesture ahead . the low ceiling of cloud cover give way to -- the las vega CITY light 204 omitted gator ' Holy shit ... a204 int . cockpit poe enter ... in time to see the glow of Vegas light ... poe wonderful -- 204 * a204 * 9/5/96 - rev . buff3 ( om 205 a206 b206 206 int . malloy 's cobra malloy watch the c-123k plummet . malloy should have shot it down over the open desert , larkin . now the civilian casualty will be enormous . int . larkin 's cobra larkin be on the radio ... larkin ++. Police car , fire engine , emergency service vehicle , ambulance ... Hell , if you get a cub scout troop that know cpr , get ‘em down there ... I be not sure where - but there will be a big , break plane mark the spot -- ! int . c- 123k - cockpit Cyrus enter the cockpit ... drag poe out ... the two go at it ... ext . nevada desert - C -123k - sunset the c-123k soar under 500 foot , narrowly miss a water tower , a condo complex , and a radio antennae . pedestrian stop , look up , point in astonishment . 207 omitted 207a 207b int . c-123k poe and Cyrus the virus still in the clinch . cyrus the virus I ' 1l kill you . poe since we be all about to go crash into Las Vegas , you will forgive I if you threat lack weight . int . c- 123k - MAIN cabin the con be terrify . Bishop , bruise and bloody , cross herself . garland greene be sit , sing , oblivious to everything go on around he . 110a . 205 a206 * eee eee ee of will N ° a * +e 206 207 * 207a 207b 9/23/96 - rev . grey1 110b . of 207c 207d 208 garland greene " he 's get the wind and the rain in 7 his hand / he 's get the little bitty baby in his hand / he 's get everybody here in his hand / he 's get the whole world in his hand . " ext . skie over las vega . 207 '' the c-123 k fly over vega world and the sahara " wet & wild " water park . over the riviera . down to 12 foot . the fuselage vibrate violently . the plane plow through high tension telephone wire . it bounce three time on Las Vegas boulevard , its wing clipping a dozen park car . it roar down the strip past the stardust , the desert inn , and treasure island . its wing sheer off . it break up in section . it come to a stop in the sparkling porte cochere of the mirage HOTEL . int . c-123k 207d * poe and Cyrus continue to go at it ... cyrus the virus you ruin everything , poe ... everything ... but I will get out of this ... and I will come -a-call . and I promise you : the very last thing little casey poe smell , as she take she last gasp , will be my stinking breath ..: Cyrus sneer ... poe slug he ... off they go ... ext . c-123k . 208 squad car and army truck set up a secure perimeter . crowd assemble . tv crews arrive , ambulance , prison official , national guard . FIRE truck pump gallon of foamy flame retardant at the plane . from a hole in the fuselage , Sally can not dance appear . look at the lagoon and palm tree of the mirage facade . : eee tee ee of * 10/8/96 - rev . white4 111 . 209 210 211 sally can't dance we make it ! we make it to cindino 's island ! int . c-123k con remain strapped to seat . the seat scattered about the crumpled fuselage . Survivors , daze and bloody , extricate themselves from they seat belt . ext . police barricade the cobras land . larkin and malloy explode from they . int . c-123k poe get shakily to he foot , bleed from he head . he walk through the smoke- shroud fuselage , come upon baby -o on the ground . dying ... baby-o how my doin’ , son ? poe . you be do fine , son ... we gotta get you a doctor ... ( yell ) in here ! get a doctor in here ! no response ... baby-o it 's cool ... my still comin’ over for that barbecue -- ? poe of course you be ... baby-o for real ? poe for real ... ( yell ) I need a doctor - ! baby-o you do good , ranger-man ... you certainly do good -- and a pair of emt come in with a gurney ... they move baby -o onto the gurney ... poe hold he hand ... 209 210 211+ t + +e eee * * * ee ee ** 10/8/96 - rev . white4 ii2 . ce 212 baby-o tell I about that barbecue again , son ... poe why , we be gonna do red hot baby back . with hominy grit . Black -ey peas . Pinto bean . Ice tea . beer so cold you eye 'il water ... and they take he off the plane ... ext . c-123k Sally can not dance be lead out of the plane by armed policemen ... he see a reporter nearby ... sally can ’t dance the name be salvatore candoza ... but they call I " Sally can not dance ... " I ' 1l be write a book about this ... I / 1l be do the talk show ... phil , Oprah , gosh , I all do Jerry springer ... that 's salvatore candoza ... they call I " Sally can not dance . " and he walk straight into a barrage of reporter ... bulb flash ... Sally be in heaven ... poe move on , with baby-o on the stretcher and the emt ... the traffic be snarl and boil . police , firefighter , emt crews , on - looker , PRESS , national guardsmen , day gambler . a pair of cop front he ... cop you hold it right there now -- poe stop ... raise he hand ... but Bishop be there ... bishop steady , officer . that 's a citizen , there ... let he help he friend to the ambulance ... and the cop reluctantly desist ... and they wheel baby-o to a wait ambulance ... ee tee eee 212 eee et * 10/8/96 - rev . white4 112a . of 212a 212b fer 212€ poe * ( to Bishop ) * thank you -- * omitted 212a * int . fuselage - second section 2128 Vince larkin search the dark and smoky interior . larkin where 's Grissom ? he pass two paramedics in front of a cage ... hanging from * the cage , by its cuff , we can see johnny 23 's arm -- heart 7 tattoo and all -- dangle down , below frame ... * the paramedics look down , as if they be look at johnny 's * body , splay - out on the floor ... * paramedic * you better take ‘em away -- * and we see the paramedic uncuff johnny ... and he walk away * with just the arm -- it have be tear off during the * crash ... eeewww ! * ext . las vega - crash site - day 212c * poe and Bishop place baby -o onto the ambulance ... * poe * I '11 check you out at the hospital , 7 son ... you be gonna be fine -- * once the gurney be load on : * bishop * what be you go to do now ? * poe be scan the crowd , the cop , search ... have they * catch Cyrus yet -- ? he turn to Bishop ... * poe 7 I start this day with a birthday 7 party to get to ... and that 's what * I be gonna get to ... laf bishop * poe , I have like to thank - you for ... * my life ... * poe 7 you be quite welcome , Sally * Bishop ... wear it well ... * 10/25/96 - rev . green4 1128 . : they smile for a beat ..: ce bishop but poe , next time ? take the train ... poe do not have time to respond ... for he have notice that one FIRE truck be leaving the scene ! it clobber two car on its way out ... larkin fight the crowd . ' the mirages 's man-made volcano erupt between poe and larkin . both man watch the flee fire truck . flame , steam , lava obscure larkin 's vision . a firefighter be throw from the vehicle . we see now that the FIRE truck be drive by swamp thing . and diamond Dog swing off the high hand rail . and Cyrus the virus don a fireman 's helmet ... larkin no ... no ... no ... 213 ' int . the FIRE truck - swamp thing hit the Federal sire system , which wail . 214 ' ext . las vega strip the truck thunder down Las Vegas boulevard destroy everything in its path . . ext . crash site larkin run to a row of State trooper electra glide motorcycle ... only someone have beat he to it : poe. por how be you -- before larkin can respond , poe speed ofp .. larkin jump on a bike ... follow ... the electra glide chase the fire truck through crowded street ... swerve to avoid the wreckage the truck leave in ite thunder wake ... swamp thing notice the bike behind he ...- he crank the wheel leave ... 7 --- and the fire truck plip a nearby stretched limo ... the limo block poe 's way ... poe and larking turn onto a pedestrian walkway 213 214 *¢ # 8 £ 98 = 10/25/96 - rev . greens : 113. - pedestrian flee in all direction ... poe ride ... under the yh canopy , the walkway 's light show flash animated cain ; .-.- as the fire truck fly past ...~ and the bike roar off the walkway in pursuit ... the fire truck jump up on a sidewalk ... crushes a bench ... year around a corner ... excoriate a trio of flash xlieg light ... : : poe and larkin follow on the sidewalk ... they be join by three state troopers riding electra glide . all pursue the fire truck . on the truck - diamond Dog see the glide close on they . he exit frame ... : the bike be catch up ... Cyrus go to the water cannon at the end of the ladder . diamond Dog climb to the fire truck 's pump control panel and begin firing at the bike with a pistol ... | Cyrus hit the combination nozzle and a waterjet ( 1250 gallon per minute , 150 pound per square inch ) be launch . poe see it come ... he swerve out of the way ... the waterjet smashes one State trooper off he motorcycle . turn he hose on the second trooper ... the cop fly ... the bike topple into a speed skid ... poe and larkin pull in together ... the third trooper slot in behind they ... a blast of water knocka the third cop off he mount ... diamond Dog continue to fire at they ... you strapped ? larkin _ ' what ? poe strapped ? - carry ? - pack ? you get a fuckin’ gun conya , man ? warkin oh. yeah ! ( ounholster he gun ) - now what ? eee 9e 888 , * os ee '' * eee 10/25/96 + rev . greens / 114 . poe shoot that fuck ! larkin aim at Cyrus and fire . the shot ring out eround Cyrus . miss wildly . but enough to make Cyrus kill the hose and retreat back onto the fire truck . poe hit the nitro and he 's pull right behind the fire tru poe flick the wick and leap off the bike , grab onto the extend ladder ...- the bike keep go ... head straight for diamond Dog ... : bang ! the bike hit the back of the fire truck ... it fly dn the air ... diamond Dog scream as -- ka -boom ! the bike and the Dog go up in a oily explosion ... Cyrus be throw back by the blast ... poe fight to hand on to the ladder ... Cyrus see he ... Cyrus climb onto the ladder , carry a halaghan tool ... larkin , ride on ... catch up to the fire truck ... he pull up alongside it ... leans over ... grab on to the side ... larkin 's glide skip off the highway , riderless poe be nearly shake off the ladder ... he swing himself on top of it ... look up -- -- to see Cyrus , wing the halaghan at hi : ae poe roll out of ' the way , dodging the lethal tool ... larkin have grab a axe ... he swing it into the roof of the cab . swamp thing be startle , as the axe cleave through the swamp thing the fuck be you do -- ? neon oe on of of 10/25/96 - rev . greeng 115 . and larkin have a length of pre - connected hose ... he shove the hose into the bole in the roof ... larkin jump down to the control panel ... turn the water valve . ia blast of water pummel swamp thing in the cab ... cyrus and poe continue they battle ... Cyrus swing ' the hhalaghan at poe . poe dodge ... kick at Cyrus .. Cyrus fall backwards ... and poe rip @ pair of handcuff from Cyrus 's guard uniform ... he slap one cuff around Cyrus 's free hand , the other around a rung op the ladder ... larkin dive for the pedestal , on the revolve turntable , and work the lever . a high - pierce squeal of hydraulics , the aerial ladder , poe and Cyrus upon it , begin to rise ... swamp thing struggle with the wheel , as the cab fill with water ... cyrus and poe as the ladder rise ... go vertical ... poe and Cyrus cling to it ... pull a gun ... ' poe grab for it ... the two le . claw at each other 's face with they free hanis and poe come up with a pair of handcuff from Cyrus 's guard uniform ... and he slap one cuff around Cyrus 's free hand . ale and the other around a rung of the ladder ... and Cyrus have control of the gun ... he stick it in poe 's face ... and it could be over ... until : - larkin poe ! poe look to larkin , who Pointe ahead ... poe start down the ladder ... cyru6 start after he . but he can not . he 's be cuffed to the rung . . poe =o - look like I find a cure for the : . virus -- ae ene ae oon 10/25/96 - rev . greens 116 . 224 and he gesture ahead ... and then Cyrus see what this be all about ... for up ahead , rapidly approach -- a crosswalk stretch over the street ... a neon sign read * jackpot " emblazon over a neon roulette wheel ... - and while the fire truck will clear it , the ladder will not . Cyrus the virus scream . and poe leap from the ladder down to larkin on the pedestal . the fire truck sail under the crosswalk ... the ladder smashes into it ... a huge explosion of glass and metal and Cyrus be a smear ... as the force on the aerial rip OPEN the FIRE truck . a thousand gallon of water erupt ... poe and larkin hang on for dear life . the fire truck and crosswalk and aerial ladder and water tank merge into a single salient be . ene 10/23/96 - rev . pink4 117 . 225 ext . crash site - later 2254 ( rescue vehicle ... Police ... we know the drill . Chief e dever walk through the tumult in something of a daze ... malloy go up to where larkin be have he head bandage . malloy you okay ? larkin look at he for a beat ... nod ... * larkin * yeah ... * malloy * good ... * malloy turn to go ... larkin call after he ... * larkin have hey , Duncan -- ! * malloy turn back ... ; * larkin 7 * this be yours -- * and he toss something to malloy ... malloy catch it ... 2 co it 's he car keys ... malloy look at they , bounce they in * he hand ... then : * _ malloy * ah , I be gettin’ too old for that * freakin’ car anyways ... * ae he toss they into a nearby trash -can ... and walk * off ... * poe * walk through the chaos ... when he see : * a police van pull up . out step Ginny , and with she be tricia poe and casey . poe see he family . he swallow . he walk toward they ... he be carry the pink bunny . like poe , the bunny * be filthy , bloody and tear ... poe walk to he wife and daughter . there 's a awkward * tension . tricia poe helio , cameron . on poe hello , tricia . " 10/23/96 - rev . pink4 , 118 . tricia poe you have not change . 7 poe maybe , maybe not ... poe look at casey ... unsure ... nervous ... poe I have get a present for you , casey . co without accept it , casey bury she face in tricia 's thigh ... poe immediately pull it back . he try to beautify the bloody , greasy , one - eye bunny with he shirt . tricia poe casey , you take you daddy 's present . poe . no no no ... it 's okay , honey ... casey sense she father 's discomfort . still cling to tricia 's leg : casey I get a picture ... a picture of you ... poe of t get a picture of you , too ... beat ... casey reach out and slowly , shyly take the bunny . and then , throws her arm around her daddy . poe happy birthday , darlin’ . tricia throw she arm around both of they . the dam break . larkin watch the embrace . a embrace for the age ... larkin c’mon , Ginny -- 226 ext . the c-123k wreckage 226 larkin and Ginny walk past the debris . ginny stale peanut and a little turbulence , huh , Vince ? larkin ha-ha-ha . 10/23/96 - rev . pink4 o- 227 they walk . he look at she . . larkin plan for the weekend , Ginny ? ginny I dunno . Channel 7 's do a planet of the ape festival . and I nve get a thing for charlton heston . larkin yeah , Chuck 's a good-look man . they smile at each other . : as they pass the plane , a cop have find the bob-doll ... hi ten ful of funny '' to be on a planeful of : hard - ass : be not it ? 7 the cop hand it to larkin . the doll have a id bracelet around its neck ... larkin look at the bracelet ... it say " garland greene . * larkin garland . larkin begin to search , to scan the swell crowd . ginny Vince ? and quietly , amidst the tumult , the fire engine and squad car , the ambulance and emergency crew , the search cop , the dead , the wounded , the gun , smoke and twisted metal , we -- a pair of dice bounce off a rail linéd with ribbed rubber . int . casino pack . the table three deep . the one - armed bandit clang and jangle . we settle on -- a crap table oes with gambler . a stickman , a boxman and two dealer wor ] tc . chip of all color be throw , shift , place , remove , all over the layout , with alarming speed . number be place . odd lay . 118a , 227 evspess go - key . fane 119 . the stickman use he wooden stick to gather the dice and push they down the length of the layout . oe stickman ( New shooter comin’ out ! New shooter comin’ out ! do the new shooter feel lucky ? do he -- ? we follow the dice ... as they be pick up ... by a small shy man in a bad suit ... with a sheepish ’smile . it be garland greene . garland greene yes ... yes , I do . - voice hold up ... I be in . a hand lay down a hundred dollar bet . we follow the arm up to Vince larkin , who smile at garland ... garland greene pause , troubled . he then throw the dice , which travel the distance of the table and bounce off the padded end wall . fading slowly to black -- the crowd cheer off he roll . the_end