conan reshoot page ( begin page 104 ) Sean Hood - 11/19/10 int . womb - day in darkness , the solitary sound of a heartbeat , resounding like a drum over the distant sound of war , steel against steel , the crack of bootleather on bone . narrator ( v.o. ) between the year when the ocean drank atlantis , and the rise of the son of aryas , there be a age undream of ... tilt down to the immaculate crown of a unborn baby , eye close , float at peace within the warm glow of the womb . narrator ( v.o . ) it be a age of war . and of all hyboria , none know war like the cimmerian ... ssskktttch ! a flash of steel as a blade pierce the womb , not a inch from the child . as the sword be pull free we move with it , out into the madness of battle . ext . cimmeria —- battlefield - day a vanir warrior withdraw the stain blade from fialla , a wild - mane cimmerian warrior - woman , many month pregnant . from atop a mountain of the dead , corin , rallying he cimmerian warrior against the vanir , spot fialla fall . corin race across the battlefield , the forest on FIRE around he , cut through that in he way . the battlefield be litter with dead vanir ; by the look of it they have be fight over this land for year . fialla clutches she belly , look up at she attacker , she other hand reach through mud for she lose weapon . her attacker advance . she drive the blade up into the gap in he armor . he howl in agony , raise he sword to finish she off when - he 's cleave from helmet to sternum , a geyser of blood and bonechip . corin draw back he blade and kneel beside he fall wife . fialla look down at she bare belly , a visible impression of the baby against she flesh . she try to speak , cough up blood . fialla take you child . corin do not speak , love . fialla you have never be able to still my tongue , and you will not on this day . fialla grit she bloodstain tooth , draw a dagger from she pelt . fialla I will see my child before I die . fialla never take she eye off corin , never scream as corin perform the horrific task . the sound of war fade away , no more steel , no more scream ... just the sound of a child crying . fialla kiss she newborn , he first taste not of mother 's milk , but of she blood . fialla see that there will be more to he life than fire and blood . no kissing or hugging for this two . corin and fialla share a warrior 's handgrasp , touch forehead to bloody forehead . corin name you child ... ext . cimmeria - burial ground - night the air be wild with burn ember from funeral pyre . corin stand with he newborn son . fialla ( 0.s. ) his name be conan . corin raise young conan skyward against the pyre ablaze . a baptism by fire . title : conan ext . cimmerian village - credit sequence - day SMALL boot race through fresh snow . a boy , 11 sprint through the village . we do not see he face , just he scrawny frame , black unkempt hair hang in tangles . the boy cut through the village center around a large hut , leaping over a sit cimmerian elder and a ring of girl craft a ceremonial drum . the elder look scandalize . no time to apologize . the boy continue he run , weaving around cimmerian warrior sparring with sword and spear , ducking under a large slain elk be prepped for the spit . the village be prepare for a celebration . ext . cimmerian village - training ground - day the boy clear the village , a haven nestle in heavy forest , surround by roll hill and ashen sky . ahead ... corin , older , limping from a war injury , stand before a line of eager cimmerian boy , 12 - 15 . a ring of cimmerian elder watch this solemn ceremony begin . as if hand out the eucharist , corin walk down the line of boy , place in each one 's mouth a small , blue raven 's egg . the boy hold the fragile orb delicately between they lip . corin when a cimmerian feel thirst , it be the thirst for blood . when he feel cold , it be the cold edge of steel . ( beat ) but , the courage of a cimmerian be tempere . he neither fear death , nor rush foolishly to meet it . ( beat ) so , to be a cimmerian warrior , you must have cun and balance as well as strength and speed . suddenly , the boy blunder up and take a spot at the end of the line . he struggle to catch he breath . corin ( surprise ) conan ? only now do we see conan 's face . at age 11 , the boy have a pre - adolescent scrawniness , lack the swagger or the size of the other boy . they eye he dubiously . corin I give you chore , boy . conan finish , father . corin study he son 's dark intensity , and then he nod curtly . he place the last egg in conan 's mouth . corin the first to circle the hill and return , the egg unbroken , earn the right to train with the warrior . a moment as corin look over he son . corin by crom , what be you wait for ? and off they run , a brutal footrace . they struggle to knock each other down , to trip each other in the river , to break the egg the other carry in they mouth . ext . cimmerian forest - day they race along a path towards the hill . a tall boy kick another , whose egg burst as he chin hit the dirt . then the tall Boy swing for conan 's mouth . conan duck , stumble , and nearly fall . but the egg remain unbroken . the bigger boy take the lead , but conan gain on they by cut off the trail , hopping over rock and log . ext . cimmeria - muddy forest - day conan take the lead , with two larger boy right behind he , all bound over root with remarkable balance . they glide through the harsh wilderness like young wolf , careful no false step should break they fragile cargo . but suddenly , around they , there be movement in the tree . conan spot bare feet leaping among the branch , tracking they . he slow , realize what this mean . the other boy , even the biggest , stop dead , turn and flee , rush back toward the village . but conan stand he ground . whoosh ! a bola arc through the foliage . it snag conan 's foot , drop he face first into the mud . conan try to stand , tangle in the snare . he wipe mud from he eye , find he 's surround by 3 pict scout , savage decorate in tribal warpaint , armed with dual handax , the rotting head of they enemy sling at they waist . the pict make no move , discuss they catch in they native tongue . conan watch , mouth hold shut , struggle with the bola , he expression dark and canny . the pict leader draw a curve skinning knife , snatch a fist full of conan 's hair . he laugh to he fellow scout . he do not notice that conan have slip free of the bola , or that the weight end be already rise in a wide arc . conan shatter the leader 's skull . with startling speed , conan grab the dead pict 's axe and with a bloodthirsty shriek , leap towards the two remain warrior ... ext . cimmerian village - training ground - day as corin and the elder wait for the boy to return . warrior ( 0.c. ) corin ! pict on the trail ! the cimmerian warrior we see sparring earlier rush up with all the frighten boy we see flee from the pict scout . all except conan . corin where ? corin suddenly turn , and everyone follow he eye , look up the path , but instead of the enemy , they see ... conan , cover in blood . he walk past the stunne cimmerian boy , past the dumfounded elder , right up to he father . he clutches the severe head of the slain pict by they hair . he spit out the break shell of the egg , and speak . conan I be ready to fight . corin study the boy , gravely . all stand in awe . then corin nod to the warrior who rush out onto the trail . corin search the hill . int . cimmerian village - corin 's forge - night corin enter and watch he boy wave a short sword through the air , lose in fantasy of battle . corin look troubled . corin reach out and grasp the hilt , try to take the weapon away . for a moment the outrage boy will not let go . but it only last a moment . come to he sense , conan relinquish the blade and go back to work . corin remember that you fight not just for yourself . there be secret hide here that have the power to change the course of history , and someday they will be you responsibility to protect . corin open a well hidden door in the floor and place the sword back in a cache of weapon , armor and sacred object . conan work the bellow of a complex forge , the wall adorn with arm and armor . he look bored and impatient , stare into the fire , flame reflected in he eye . corin come . it 's time you learn to forge a blade . corin lead conan to they anvil , offer conan the master smithing hammer . conan do not take it . conan crom make I to wield sword , not to hammer they . corin crom have shape you , as he shape we all , to he own cold end . int . cimmerian village - various - smithing montage over the course of many week , corin teach conan the art of blacksmithing . day and night pass as , - ore be carte in from the hill , back - breaking work . - bellow roar as the ore be superheate to liquid metal , pour into a mold from a elaborate pulley system . - the forging of the blade , hot iron pour into a mold . - corin examine conan 's sword . conan be proud of he work . corin what be most important when forging a blade , fire or ice ? conan ( obviously ) Fire . corin stare . silence . conan sense he 's make a mistake . conan Ice ? corin continue to stare . conan look baffle . corin be you certain ? conan nod , uncertain . corin sigh , shake he head , and then strike the anvil with the sword . the blade shatter . conan stare at he own reflection catch in the shard of break metal . corin let 's begin again . - relentless hammer work , corin and conan pound the metal together , backlit by the forge . spark fly . corin ( 0.s. ) this sword we make will be yours one day . but before you wield it , you must understand it . - the blade be heat until it glow . corin a sword must bend or it will break . - the blade be quenched . steam rise from the cool tub . corin ( 0.s. ) it must be tempere ... - conan watch corin etch the pommel of the cimmerian greatsword . a work of art . corin Fire and ice . together . this be the mystery of steel . ext . cimmerian village - frozen river - day conan and corin spar atop a ice sheet over a shallow river . for he age , conan be quite the warrior , and he show it . but , he father , the master warrior , wield the new greatsword , easily deflect he every blow . it 's like nothing conan have ever face before . corin you be still all fire , boy . frustrate , conan just swing harder , struggle for balance as he foot slip and slide on the ice . corin no. slow down . find you foot . corin sidestep a clumsy thrust , knock conan off he foot , spread crack across the ice . corin ( shaking he head ) enough . but conan be not finish . what he lack in skill he deliver in ferocity , slashing and charge . but , with two flow stroke corin knock the boy back . corin enough . corin plunge he greatsword into the crack ice sheet , like Arthur return the sword to the stone . in a explosion of sudden anger and frustration , conan charge he father with he sword . corin calmly pull back he blade stick in the ice sheet . corin 's blade work like a lever , crack the ice further . and just as conan reach he . crack ! the ice split . conan drop into the shallow river . corin glare . conan pull himself out of the frigid water to see he father sheathing the blade he want so badly . corin ( with disappointment ) you be not ready for this sword . humiliate , conan turn and bolt towards the hill . corin watch he go , then walk somberly to the village . however , as the wind pick up , he sniff as if sense something in the air . perhaps a come storm . ext . cimmeria - hilltop - day conan , hair still soak , race past snow cover pine , slashing limb , cause a rain of shattered ice crystal . conan sit at the hilltop look out over the slope and sombre hill of cimmeria . a long beat as he brood . a sudden gust of icy wind . conan sense something . he listen . something in the distance crack like a whip , and panicked bird race across the sky . Far below , he see a line of dark rider gallop ominously towards the tiny village . a rumble like thunder . then , from the south , a swarm of light arrow rise brightly against the ashen sky , arc slowly and fall on the thatched rooftop , set they aflame . conan gawk , stunne . and then he run ... ext . cimmeria - muddy forrest - day as conan race home , mounted turanian , scout for the invade army , ride towards he , hoof kick up powder . he duck into the cover of the forest . the rider spur on they horse and pass by . conan stay low , take he shortcut through the wilderness . ext . cimmeria - wilderness - day conan bushwhack he way back to the village . as he get closer , the forest darken , thick with black smoke . he slide down a snowbank , racing across the small river run from he village , waist deep before he realize ... the river run red with blood . 10 ext . cimmerian village - outskirt - day conan burst through the treeline out into a open field . ahead , he village be in flame . cimmerian warrior , both man and woman form defensive line . and behind he ... aquilonian brigade come charging - bandit knight who fight with polished shield and short sword . conan 's shortcut have place he smack in the middle of the invasion . he sprint for the village as the mount rider converge all around he . conan swerve to avoid be trample . on foot , this man would be twice he size . on horseback , they be armored juggernauts tower over he . and then , he see the most terrible sight of all . a rider emerge from a cloud of black smoke , a angel of death wear green leather armor and bear a shield mark with the acheronian seal . this be the brigand - leader khalar zym . ext . cimmerian village - corin 's forge - day lead a band of strong cimmerian warrior , corin drive the first wave of aquilonian back . the old master swordsman take down two attacker himself . but more and more keep come . ext . cimmerian village - day as conan enter the village , he see four tribe assault he people from different direction . kush spearmen , muscle warrior wear the bone of slaughter victim , assault the cimmerian from the flank . turanian raider swarm the opposite flank . the aquilonian knight have cross the moat , push the defend cimmerian back . brythunian archer , amazon augment for range combat , pepper the village with arrow . thunk ! thunk ! thunk ! the arrow stick into cimmerian shield . conan keep run . 11 as the boy pass a unsuspecting aquilonian , he grab the warrior , spin he into the path of the arrow . the aquilonian get skewer , conan snatch he shortsword . slam ! conan be knock down by a kush warrior . conan spin to avoid a spear attack , drive he blade into the warrior 's gut . the spearman crumble . and conan spring back to he foot . ext . cimmerian village - near the forge - continuous the air thick with smoke , the snow rich with blood . so many cimmerian have fall . it 's a massacre . and still the invader come , unmerciful and relentless . conan sprint to the forge , one of the few building not burn , but the open door reveal it be full of enemy . look through the crack between wall board , conan see he father surround by the leader of each enemy tribe . int . cimmerian village - corin 's forge - conan 's Pov - day it 's difficult to hear what be be say . one by one , conan scan the face of each tribal leader . akhoun , a turanian , four hundred pound of corpulent flesh , not so much armored as wrap in chain . cherin , the brythunian , look statuesque and impose . lucius , the aquilonian leader , corpulent and vain , who roll and crack he neck in a distinctive manner . he hold the leash of a growl wolfhound . ukafa , a kush chieftain wield a enormous mace line with sharpen bone and rusted metal . remo , a crippled hunchback , and with he a acolyte bare the invader 's standard , a death mask make of shard of bone . and lastly , khalar Zym himself , a exile prince from the land of nemedia ; khalar may look like a brigand , but he speak as eloquently as a prince . khalar zym there be no shame in kneel before I . all this fighter have surrender , leave they land and swear they allegiance to I . ( more ) 12 khalar zym ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) they have do so because they know I will one day be a god . corin stare calmly in khalar 's face , but conan see , as corin turn , that he father 's shoulder have be pierce with a arrow , and he back be wet with blood . corin one day , the other clan of cimmeria will gather for vengeance . then , god or not , you shall fall . khalar roll he eye . he hear this all the time . then he indicate the strange mask of bone . khalar zym there be one piece miss from this mask . give it to I now ... or die , and I will find it myself . corin just smile defiantly . corin I prefer death . lucius step up , raise he short sword to behead he . and then , conan burst in like a wild animal . whoosh ! a blade slashes lucius 's nose clear off . he tumble backward , grab for he severe nose , fail to snatch it before the wolfhound devour it . then conan pounce , blade thrust at khalar . but khalar be too fast . he deflect the blade , though the strike carry such ferocity that khalar be knock back , the sword graze he ear , drawing blood . ukafa and remo seize conan . corin lunge to defend he son but he be clubbed down by akhoun . khalar catch he own blood in he palm , shocked , but impressed . he smile . khalar zym be that you son ? I like he . minute later akhoun bind corin to the forge , a fiery vat of molten steel suspend precariously above he . 13 khalar poke a support chain and the vat wobble . a tiny glob of molten metal spill from the brim and fall on corin 's shoulder , burn and bubbling through he flesh like acid . but the gritty cimmerian do not cry out in pain . khalar zym such a waste . think of the power I could have share with you . corin cimmerian have no use for sorcery . conan be pin to the floor by the strong chieftain , ukafa . lucius press blood soak rag to he ruin face . remo and cherin ransack the forge , turn it inside out . remo the bone shard be not here . khalar zym you just do not know how to look . stepping eerily from the shadow where she have be lurking all along , be khalar 's daughter , marique , 13 . her face be uncanny ; with no eyebrow and a hairline high above she forehead , she look both regal and serpentine . khalar zym you son have courage , but my daughter have talent as well . ( beat ) where be it , marique ? khalar 's lieutenant be clearly unnerve by the little girl . she dangle she long finger along the ransacke arm and armor , as if she have some sixth sense in she fingertip . khalar zym the cimmerian do not pray . they have no priest or preacher . close she eye she sniff , as if catch a intrigue scent , and she feel along the wall like a blind girl explore the face of a lover . khalar zym this be what matter to they . this be they church . it will be here ... her witch - eye flash magically , marique discover the hide door in the floor . she open it . 14 conan see he father clench he tooth and wince . the boy try to squirm out of ukafa 's grip but be hold fast . marique 's spidery finger probe the weapon in the secret cache . she gasp suddenly and smile . from the cache , she pull out a lump of ore , bring it close to she face to sniff it and to probe it with she tongue . then she cross the forge and place the ore in the furnace . all watch as the ore heat and rapidly lose its shape . a shard of bone rise to the surface . the girl reach in , and with two budd black nail , point as needle , she pick out bone fragment . sharp as sin and white as death , it mysteriously cool before they eye . khalar zym you mother would be proud . the man stand back in deference as she cross and hand over the shard to she father . khalar look at it with a kind of religious awe . his eye water . his hand actually tremble as he grasp it . but then he steel himself . khalar zym Gather the man . burn everything . lucius move to impale conan . khalar zym wait . not he . not yet . lucius not yet ? he CUT off my nose ! khalar 's other henchmen toss torch against the far wall . the forge catch aflame . khalar lock eye with corin . khalar zym how do I punish you cimmerian ? you fear not death , nor pain , nor insult to honor . marique whisper in she father 's ear , make he smile . khalar hack at a support chain . the vat of superheated metal begin to tip toward corin . 15 conan snatch the stabilize chain , grimace as the link , heat from the fire , sizzle into the flesh of he palm . khalar zym something worse than death . watch you son die because he love you . khalar exit , he man follow . marique , the last to go . she linger at corin 's greatsword , awed by the craftsmanship . she run she finger perversely over the edge , slice she fingertip . the sting seem to please she . smiling sadistically , she steal the blade and go . conan be incense , but helpless : if he let go of the chain , he father will die in a shower of molten metal . ext . cimmerian village - corin 's forge - day flame sweep over the wall and rooftop , swiftly become a raging inferno . ext . cimmerian village - day khalar Zym stand , surround by he victorious army , and he be join by he daughter . remo hand he the mask of acheron , a jigsaw puzzle of many bone fragment , arrange in a white mask of death . with bate breath , khalar insert the recover shard into the mask . it fit perfectly . the mask be complete . khalar raise the mask of acheron . his mercenary army cheer . khalar zym we be halfway there , marique . now we must find the pureblood , and then , you mother will return . int . cimmerian village - corin 's forge - day conan struggle to keep the vat of molten ore from tipping . if he let go , he father die . if he do not let go , the spread flame will kill they both . corin conan , you can not save I . 16 conan struggle with the chain , he hand smolder . a droplet of molten steel fall from the vat , searing he cheek but he do not loosen he grip . corin let go of the chain , boy . conan 's lose ground , he heel slide through the dirt . he will not look corin in the eye . conan I be not afraid to die . corin nor i. but , I watch you mother die so you could live . but conan will not let go . he will never let go . and corin know this , watch the fire spread around they , blister the skin of conan 's back . corin conan ... look at I . the boy look in he father 's eye . corin she want more for you , in this life , than fire and blood . ( beat ) I love you , son . corin use the last of he strength to pull the chain from conan 's hand . the vat of ore spill down , a torrent of metal enveloping conan 's father . ext . cimmerian village - forge - day conan crawl from the runoff through the snow toward the freeze river . he plunge he hand into the water . as he pull he hand free , he look at he palm . the chain have be brand into he flesh . ext . cimmerian village - day conan stumble back into the village . the body of everyone he know , litter the ground . in a grim echo of the scene of he birth , all the building be aflame . his blue eye be wide with the shock of innocence lose . 17 look down , he see a cimmerian sword sink , point first , into the snow . he grab the hilt and drag it like a stick . the boy walk on , in shock , and a linger turanian raider looting a corpse , look up and see he approach . sense a easy kill , the turanian spring towards the boy , but conan snap out of he trance and cut he down . then the boy run wildly forward , howling with rage . with he wiry , adolescent arm , he raise the blade in the AIR . match CUT to : ext . zingaran coastline - day the same sword raised high in the AIR , but the arm that hold it be massive , muscle , and scar . conan , the fully grow icon we all recognize , charge down a hill on horseback , lead a crew of Zingaran pirate . artus , a dash captain of Zingaran pirate , ride alongside he , unleash a lusty battle cry . around they a dozen boulder roll downhill like tumbleweed . it 's a wild frenzy of energy , motion and aggression . down below a slave caravan roll across break earth . slavegirls , naked save for they loincloth and the chain that bind they , sit pack in cage wagon , shelter from the midday sun . the male slave walk alongside the wagon , they foot blister , skin black , and flesh lean from hard labor . a rumble like a earthquake . the head slaver look up , confuse as the ground itself seem to be hurling toward he - boom ! a boulder crush the slaver , crash into the caravan , send the horse into a frenzy , spilling loot across the road . boom ! boom ! more boulder tear through wagon and shatter cart of food . then the Zingaran pirate swarm , wave they steel . most of the slaver take one look at they attacker and flee , abandon they caravan . artus howl with laughter . artus come back and fight ! you pink - belly , stub-cock , goat lover ! 18 conan gallop alongside a cage wagon , past spellbound slave girl gape at the sight of he . he swat a slaver off he mount send he head first into the sand . the Zingaran pirate ride in circle , whooping , scream , and beat they chest . the few remain slaver give up , and ride away in panic and terror ... «+. all except one . the large slaver , the wild man , he simian arm , hairy back , ratty beard and blacken tooth . with a ferocious shriek , the Wild man charge at conan and artus . the two man study he curiously as he gallop . artus be you go to take this one ? conan no , you go ahead . the Wild man ride closer , raise he deadly spear . artus I have the troglodyte last week . conan be you sure ? artus I insist . at the last possible second , conan calmly duck a frenzied spear thrust to he face , and lop off the slaver 's head . as the decapitate body ride on , the severe head twirl in the air like a soccer ball and land in the sand . thunk ! conan scowl at he sword . artus mime he swing . artus I think you pull leave . conan ( shaking he head ) the blade be warpe . both pirate and slave erupt in cheer . int . zingaran coastline - later artus and he pirate loot the caravan of anything and everything of value and load it onto raft and rowboat . anchore at bay be they pirate ship , the hornet . 19 conan cut the slave free . conan go . you be all free . the slave look frighten and bewilder . two buxom slave girl step forward . slave girl # 1 but ... but you have take all the food , all the weapon . ( beat ) where would you have we go ? it 's wilderness and unbroken coast in every direction . conan look over the slave . he 's right ; no food , no weapon , the man wear loincloth , the woman wear even less . conan you be right ... ( think ) the woman will come with we . int . messantia - alehouse - night slave girl gone wild . they dangle from hang lantern , dance on table top , and pour ale into mug for the randy pirate crew . the air be thick with smoke . two woman , paint and naked , writhe on artus 's lap . one be a waif , petite and pert , who feed he date . keerrrack ! a portly goon 's wrist break as artus beat he in a arm wrestle match . the pirate jeer at the goon 's dangle arm as he stumble away from the table . conan arrive , mug of ale in hand , and laugh in mock - challenge , take the goon 's place . now artus and conan arm wrestle , and the two muscle hulk battle to a tie . slave girl and pirate cheer they on . then conan cheat , hurl ale in artus 's face , and as he friend flinch , conan drive he arm to the table . conan laugh in triumph , until artus slug he in the face . artus roar with laughter as he friend shake off the blow . conan I still win . 20 slave girl # 1 chug she ale , the foam gush over she chin and dribble off she breast , where conan happily lap it up . another slave girl # 2 run she finger admiringly over he muscle . slave girl # 2 you be as strong as crom himself ! artus stand from the table and speak to all ... artus when I first meet he , he be no bigger than you . just a scrawny little rat pick pocket in Zamora . slave girl # 2 ( slinking into conan ) be it true ? the girl listen in rapt attention , and slave girl writhes like a showgirl . artus but even so , it be he who steal the elephant 's heart and slew the sorcerer yara . the girl squeal in delighted disbelief . slave girl # 2 ( impressed ) that be you ? conan who 's next ?! there be no taker for the empty seat across from conan . suddenly a wily thief , ela shan , duck into the alehouse , glance over he shoulder as if pursue . this rogue in a eye patch try to lose himself in the raucous crowd . see only one empty seat , ela shan cut through the drink and fornication , and sit across from conan . conan drop he elbow to the table , hand open , offer the challenge . the skeptical crowd react with wild laughter . ela shan swallow , hide he face and put he own arm on the table , accept the match with trepidation . as the arm wrestle begin , conan ham it up for the crowd , grunt and huffing as if he opponent be hercules . 21 conan allow ela to push he arm closer and closer to the table , but then use only he index finger , he push back to center . the slave girl root and cheer ! the anxious thief look to the entrance and see ... the CITY guard , three heavyweight in armor , scan the crowd . the Captain of the Guard , a corpulent man in a strange mask that cover he nose , point directly at the thief . conan squint through haze at the Captain , catch only glimpsis through the mob . he 's familiar : the distinctive way he roll he neck . the mask that cover he nose . but after dispatch he man , the Captain of the Guard step into a wait chariot and be go . conan 's face go dark - the same grim intensity we see in the boy . could it be the same man ? conan look down at the manacle clamp to ela shan 's wrist . conan smile , grip the thief harder , even as ela try to pry free and run . the guard get closer and closer . ela shan they 'il be happy to take we both to prison , if you do not let go ! conan smile and nod . just as the surly Guards reach they ... crunch ! conan slam he head back , break Guard # 1 ''s nose , send he stumbling backwards . the crowd be shocked . artus look up in confusion . conan burst up from the table as Guard # 2 charge . conan lift up a wooden bench and slam it across Guard # 2 's face , send he reeling . Guard # 3 point the tip he sword at conan . Guards # 1 and # 2 draw sword too . conan just raise he hand in surrender . artus shoot conan a look : what the hell be you do ? conan shake he head : do not interfere . artus raise a arm to keep any of the pirate from step in . Guard # 1 nab ela shan as he try to slip away unnotice . conan allow himself to be cuffed . 22 ext . prison - quarry - day emaciate inmate , many shackle together , work in a small quarry . they turn to watch the City Guards enter , lead a shackle conan and ela shan into the yard . ela look at conan , who seem relaxed and determine . ela shan never have I see one so calm as he be lead to the gallow . int . prison - guard room - night in a chamber fill with instrument of torture , a prisoner , skeletal and suffer , sit chain to the wall . by stark contrast , the bailiff sit at a table , calmly eat a '' civilized '' dinner of wine and pheasant . the bailiff throw a bone at the foot of the prisoner , and giggle as the starve man grasp for it , just out of reach . conan , still shackle , stand before the bailiff . conan where be the captain ? bailiff aha , so the hill ape can speak . the captain be currently ... occupy . from down a corridor , we hear scream of pain . the bailiff cackle impishly . bailiff but do not worry . everyone get they chance . the bailiff try to taunt the barbarian by dangle a pheasant drumbstick just out of reach . it 's a mistake . conan twist he bound hand around the bailiff 's arm . he twist the chain hard , break bone . then deliver a primal headbutt , knock the bailiff to the ground . conan place he boot to the bailiff 's throat . conan where be the Captain of the Guard ? 23 bailiff his door be seal from within , and he will only open it for I ! int . prison - captain chamber - night the captain of the guard sit before a table of knife and hook . he work a nasty set of clamp onto ela shan 's wrist . a fat guard watch , vaguely bored . then come a heavy knock at the door . fat guard yes ? another knock . the guard , frustrated , retrieve he key , slide open a small eyehole . the bailiff stare back at he . the Guard open the door , find conan hold the bailiff 's head . the Guard barely have time to blink before conan gut he . the Captain turn around , the mask hide he face . but there 's no mistake he now . it 's lucius , the disfigure aquilonian conan last meet as a boy . lucius reach for he blade . conan be faster , grab it , drive it through lucius 's foot into the wood floor below , pin he in place . lucius guard ! int . prison - area outside captain 's chamber - continuous five armed guard rush in , weapon draw . conan do not hesitate . he fling the table through the threshold , send knife and hook into armed Guard # 1 . armed Guard # 2 leap over the table . conan grab he midair and slam he down onto the blade . ela shan watch in awe . the other guard rush forward at once . conan slam Guard # 3 face down into a coal firepot . then , conan spin and sever Guard # 4 's arm at the elbow . finally , Guard # 5 pin conan to the wall , choke he with the shaft of he poleaxe . conan struggle for breath , turn a deep shade of purple . 24 conan reach for he blade . he do not need it . the soldier drop , stab from behind by ela shan . conan catch he breath , steady himself with the wall . ela shan northerner , behind you . conan spin just in time to block lucius 's dagger attack . he lift lucius off the ground by he throat . conan you remember I ? lucius what ? who be you ? conan the one who give you you pretty face . conan rip off lucius 's prosthetic , revealing he disfigure face , a gaping black hole where he nose use to be . and now lucius do remember , eye grow wide with horror . conan grab lucius by the empty cavity and pull he over to the torture rig . int . prison - captain cell - later ela shan tighten the clamp on lucius . he shriek . his prosthetic mask hang awkwardly on he beat face . a flag with the seal of acheron hang on the wall . conan where be the man who kill my father ? lucius you seek khalar Zym ? conan Zym ? no . my people be slain by a common bandit , not a king . lucius he be a bandit then , but now , a legend - a shadow lord , nowhere to be find , yet everywhere at once . unimpress , conan pick up a executioner 's axe . 25 conan well , then , I have no use for you . lucius wait . wait . I can help . i’1l tell you what I know . just give you word , give I you word you will not kill I . conan think about this . a moment , then he slam down the axe , nearly cut off lucius 's hand . conan speak . I will not kill you . lucius you know of the turanian desert , and the forbidden forest ? conan nothing there but dead man and the animal who pick they bone . lucius and yet khalar lead he legion through the waste as we speak . conan not good enough . raising the axe again . lucius wait please . the waste be large , yes , but when he return to he stronghold at khor kalba , it will be by way of the shahpur ravine . conan look to the thief . ela shan that 's a fine place for a ambush . conan what do he want in the Red waste ? luciius he and he witch daughter be search for a girl . conan search the wasteland for a woman ? be you send I into a trap ? 26 lucius no ! I have no reason to lie . he 's mad , obsessed with acheronian sorcery . I have no loyalty to he . conan just stare at lucius . lucius eye the axe uncomfortably . lucius I have upheld my part of the deal , northerner . conan rip a small key from lucius 's key . in one motion he tilt back lucius 's head , stuff the key down he throat . a second later , conan pour ale into he mouth . lucius can not help but swallow the key . lucius by mitra , what be you do ? conan toast to we deal . ext . prison - quarry - night conan kick lucius through the gate into the quarry . the emaciate inmate stare on in confusion . conan the key to you shackle sit in the captain 's gut . lucius look from conan to the inmate . lucius you give you word . you swore you’d spare my life . conan I say I would not kill you . and I will not . but they will ... lucius barbarian ! conan leave lucius to the inmate , he shriek turn to horrific gargle . the thief move to catch up with he . ela shan northerner ... 27 conan do not slow . the cloying thief sprint to catch up . ela shan I be ela shan . perhaps you have hear that there be no lock I can not break or vault I can not enter . conan shake he head . ela shan if you be ever foolish enough to pursue this man to khor khalba , come see I in argalon so I can talk you out of it . but conan just walk on . ela shan ask anyone you meet there for ela shan ! ext . hornet - OPEN sea - dusk the Pirates unfurl the sail and set out to sea . int . hornet - below deck - dusk conan place a sword fresh from the fire against he tear flesh , cauterize the wound . artus inspect conan 's new injury . he laugh heartily and take a swig straight from a bottle . artus they 'il be rioting in messantia for day thanks to you ! artus hand he the bottle but conan do not take it . artus what ? conan I learn the name of the man who kill my father and take he sword . khalar Zym . artus be stunne by this information . it 's as if conan tell he he father be kill by the devil himself . artus Zym ?! do you know who that be ? 28 conan ( shrugging ) I be tell he be dangerous . artus I be tell he be the angel of death . conan ( unimpress ) I leave tonight to pursue he in shahpur . artus we can sail as far as the bay near the shahpur outpost . conan and then you wait for I there . artus wait ? ha ! I be not you serve may . I will go with you . conan not this time , my friend . it be something I must do alone . artus nod in sober silence . conan be lose in he own dark thought . ext . shahpur coastline - edge of red waste - day conan embark on he journey , riding he horse , slowly but relentlessly away from the sea into the unforgive dune . behind he be the pirate ship , wait in the bay . around he , wave of heat rise from the sand , cause he image to ripple as if on the surface of water . dissolve to : int . hidden monastery - fassir 's chamber — day we dissolve to ripple in a actual pool of water , and the reflect face of a beautiful woman , upside down , for she be sit on the opposite side . tamara ( 0.c . ) what be it you see , master ? 29 reveal fassir , 70' , elder monk , stare into the pool , and inhale deeply from a ornamental hookah . he read the ripple on the water like a seer read tea leave . fassir it be unclear . I see a journey . I see a man crossing the sand . kneel opposite be tamara , 20 , a monastery student . the line of she robe body flawless . her eye sharp and bright . she wear a distinctive necklace with a jewele amulet . tamara a knight ? fassir a warrior . a half circle of young female student , in similar robe and necklace , kneel with tamara around the old man as if before a guru , and shoot furtive glance back and forth . fassir you path will merge . he will take you home , to you birthplace ... but the trance seem to lift , and fassir stop himself from talk , as if he have say too much . the master continue to gaze into the pool with a uneasy expression . tamara be that all you see ? fassir ( shaking he head ) that be all . continue you exercise . fassir seem disturb by the read , but he close he eye , retreat within himself , and will not say more . sense class be over , the girl hop to they foot and scamper to the exit . tamara be surround by friend who attempt to cheer she up . tamara why would I be in the master 's vision ? female student # 1 oh , everyone know you be he favorite . 30 female student # 2 ( teasing she ) perhaps this warrior will be noble and pure , sweeping you off you foot and onto he dark steed . tamara ( roll she eye ) perhaps the master have too much of that pipe . on fassir his eye open and he look away from the pool , think . ext . forbidden forrest - shahpur ravine - day a single dot on the horizon , a rider wrap in a scarf to protect against the sun . it 's conan . he reach the end of the desert , and through the jag shahpur ravine , enter a ominous forest thick with gnarled tree and jag rock . ext . red forest - day a eerie fog blanket the rock and tree . shapes move like dark creature in murky water , rise and emerge as figure on horseback in stark silhouette . a cloak figure lead they forward , and ukafa appear behind she ... ukafa to what curse land have you lead we now ? the cloak figure remove she hood , revealing ... marique the pureblood be close . I can taste she in the air . marique have grow up and become a powerful , intense and perverse young witch . we recognize she by she miss eyebrow and hairline , as she sniff the air . around she belt be the familiar hilt of corin 's broadsword . she grasp and stroke the handle with perverse excitement . behind she , a impose figure ride forward . the fog obscure he face but he voice be unmistakable . 31 khalar zym ( 0.c . ) the mist they summon have hide they well , marique . marique not well enough , father ... i/ E. the forbidden forest - tunnel - day marique ride on ahead , lead the way like a bloodhound . behind she through the mist , the very earth seem to rise up in a wave . it be a army of Black rider . she take they to a cliff wall , and a hidden tunnel . ext . hidden monastery - balcony - day fassir walk out onto a balcony that overlook the monastery grounds , its plaza , and the north gate . quiet and austere . below he , he female student exercise with balance staff , move in well - practice form and routine . on the grounds , monk prepare ritual and tend to flock . on tamara - fassir 's Pov she stand out from she peer - more balanced , more focus , and more radiant . on fassir he watch with a expression of sadness and concern . then fassir be distract by a rumble . ripples dance across the reflect pool . his student look around , curious . the rumble get louder , monk look around in confusion . a line of black rider charge into the monastery , lead by marique , like a hound lead the hunt . the monk and they sheep scatter . one freeze , watch in disbelief as the horseman trample he . tamara gawk in horror as more invader pour into the monastery square and impale flee monk on throwing spear . several Black rider carry standard mark with the image of the acheronian seal . behind they trail a War carriage draw by four horse . fassir flee the balcony . 43a 32 ext . hidden monastery - various - day 43a warrior monk fire arrow from rooftop and raise balcony . one monk take out a rider with a arrow to the neck . the riderless horse barrel through a nearby market stand . a brigade of monk , man and woman , charge from a monastery building . this warrior wear no armor , battle with balanced staff , use a shaolin-inspire fight style . tamara fight shoulder to shoulder with the other . a warrior monk leap onto the back of one of the attacker 's horse , crush the rider 's skull with he staff . but even as the warrior monk engage the horseman , ukafa and he retinue of spearmen pour into the monastery grounds , surround they . cherin and a line of archer return fire at the monk on the rooftop , and several monk be hit . then more wave of Black rider wash in , each better armed and more intimidating than the last . this be no rag troupe of bandit . this be a army , vast and indomitable . then , for a moment , nun and monk alike be freeze in awe . tamara look out to see , come out of the tunnel ... ... the man of war , a gargantuan siege ship retrofitted as a movable fortress , glide across the ground as if upon a ocean , borne on the back of twenty four elephant . stand at its bow , magnificent and terrible , in the black armor of a future emperor , be khalar Zym . ext . hidden monastery - plaza - day tamara fight through the madness of battle , search desperately for someone . all around she , the warrior monk struggle to hold off the invader . they do not stand a chance . tamara ( to the monk ) we must protect the master ! she get no answer . the marketplace have become a kill field . monk be be slaughter leave and right . agile and quick , tamara be one of the few fighter to survive and retreat . 33 atop the pantheon step spearmen execute the male monk , kick they lifeless body down the marble step . a carpet of the dead stretch from the step to the reflect pool . on khalar zym he direct he army from the bow of he land ship , and observe the genocide with triumph and satisfaction . on marique she move down the line of bound and capture female monk , who kneel and bow they head . she remove a glove , revealing she fingernails , a series of stygian needle sewn into she fingertip . marque examine each girl by pierce she skin with a needle , remove a drop , and then lick the needle 's edge to taste it . with each girl , she shake she head . next , ukafa , follow along behind she , lift he spear and skewer the one she just test ; the girl 's limp corpse drop onto the hard marble floor . with each girl it 's the same : marique test the blood , shake she head , and turn to the next as ukafa execute . marique which one of you be the pureblood ? the one who point she out will be spare . student # 1 , look up , confuse ; she lip be defiantly shut . marique do not bother to test she and just nod to ukafa who plunge he spear in she back . impatient , marique march down the line , until she see female student # 2 at the end . her dress and jewelry make she stand out . she look regal . marique stare at she , and she eye seem to sparkle . marique ( triumphant ) you . you be the one . female Student # 2 be too terrify and confuse to speak . marique grab the student by the hair , yank back she head , and bury a long needle deep into the girl 's neck . 34 as she scream , marique withdraw the syringe with a drop of she blood . marique place it to she tongue , and taste it . ukafa and other kush warrior wait for the result with bate breath . eager . hopeful . then marique spit , both disgust and frustrated . marique not pure . with offhand brutality and the speed of a strike snake , marique sink two finger - needle into her victim' eye . the girl fall forward , dead before she face hit the marble , and marique walk past the end of the line . ext . hidden monastery - atrium - day tamara rush for the atrium , but stumble . she scramble to she foot to see a War carriage cut she off , circle wildly and then bear down upon she , a bloodthirsty aquilonian warrior at the rein . tamara raise she staff to defend herself as the carriage barrel forward , threaten to run she down . someone grab her arm and tug she out of the way at the last moment ... it be fassir . a monk 's arrow pierce the aquilonian driver 's chest . five other monk protector , all on horseback , ride up alongside the War carriage , take control of the horse . fassir get into the carriage . tamara no ! I will defend we home ! fassir for the sake of you people you must leave this place and go to the monk in hyrkania . it be you duty . do not hesitate and do not waver . tamara step up to get inside the carriage . tamara I do not want to leave you here . 35 fassir do you trust I , tamara ? tamara with my life . with everything I ... the master touch she cheek , he eye clear and unblink . fassir then ask no more question , and do as I say . ext . hidden monastery - plaza - on remo - intercut as remo finish off the wounded and die , he look out towards the western gate and see ... western gate - remo 's Pov fassir firmly push tamara inside the carriage and shut the door . a monk take the driver 's seat and whip the horse . on remo he wave to he horse Warrior . remo let none escape ! ext . hidden monastery - tunnel - day the War carriage flee through the gate with 6 monk rider , three in front and three behind . they go through the cave system , a series of intertwine rabbit hole light by shaft of light . ext . hidden monastery - gate - day remo and a dozen horse Warrior charge into the tunnel , pursue the monk rider and the capture war carriage . ext . forbidden forest - day tamara and she escort ride out from the tunnel out into the forbidden forest . they continue out into the foggy forest . 36 ext . hidden monastery - day atop the pantheon step , fassir stand , beat and bruise . behind khalar a acolyte hold the acheronian mask as a battle standard . fassir look up at this acheronian artifact with horror - like a german pacifist view a swastika . khalar zym you know who I have come for . why suffer over it ? fassir none of the ancient blood line remain . you search be in vain . khalar zym if that be true , why have you monk hide here for a thousand year ? fassir we live here in peace . we have no rich . we do not make war . we value life . khalar 's expression go dark . khalar zym you value life ? have you forget what happen in the forest of ophir ? khalar move closer . ext . ophir forrest clearing - night - flashback a woman dress in black flee through dark wood . around she dog bark and torch glow . she run in a wild panic . when she finally burst into a clear , a angry mob emerge from the tree to surround she . khalar zym ( v.o. ) do not all the nation of hyboria hunt a woman down like a animal ? maliva , a mysteriously beautiful young woman , with wick eye like she daughter 's , be lash to a wooden vitruvian wheel , she hand and foot tie to a central cross . 37 khalar zym ( v.o. ) be not both my daughter and I force to watch as maliva , my innocent wife , be lash to the wheel and set aflame ? the wheel burn . maliva wail in suffer . the fire consume she body , burn she luminous white skin coal black . bound in chain and force to watch , they face blank with shock , be khalar and the child marique . we hold on khalar 's face and ... match dissolve : ext . hidden monastery - day close on the older khalar Zym , perhaps the most cold blooded man in hyboria , who cannot stop he voice from break . khalar zym it be death you value , and so you must suffer and kneel to I , like all the rest . ( compose himself ) it be I who seek the power to give life . I have travel to the four corner of hyboria for it . fassir the monk here have no part in she death . khalar wave he off . khalar zym where be the one I seek ? fassir stare blankly into space , lip close tight . khalar 's eye narrow . he nod to marique . she trace a needle under fassir 's cheek , slow , like a lover 's caress . marique oh , he will tell I he secret , as have all other before he . but just as she dip she needle in a vial of oily liquid and prepare to pierce he flesh ... the old man look up , he eye suddenly flash defiantly . 38 fassir you vain pursuit for the secret of acheron be a lust for power not a love of life . you '' innocent '' wife seek to enslave all of hyboria with she sorcery , and so she deserve to burn . ( beat ) you will never rule , and maliva will never rise again . khalar stare at he blankly , and then explode with rage . he smashes fassir 's face against the marble step , again and again and again . the round up monk watch in horror as khalar , finish , toss fassir 's limp body down the step . horse warrior ( 0.s. ) m-m-my lord ... one of remo 's horse rider approach . he look very nervous to be bear bad news . horse warrior I have be send to tell you that a ... a... a woman have escape to the South . but , remo himself along with he man be in pursuit . khalar nod slowly . marique grit she tooth . the horse warrior cringe , expect he hand to be cut off . but khalar smile , satisfied . khalar zym she must be the one . remo will surely capture she . ext . forbidden forrest - day the War carriage and the six monk rider follow the twist trade route , surround on both side by steep rock and tree . the man 's face be chap and white with dust . above they - rocky ledge conan crouch on a rocky ledge , and spot the carriage advance across the path , plume of dust in its wake . he unwrap a delicately engrave instrument shape like a long slender bone . it 's only when he look through it that we realize that it be a ancient lens . 39 through the lens —- conan 's Pov on the side of the carriage he see emblazon , the acheronian seal . on the carriage meanwhile , the monk rider see that they be be pursue . 12 horse warrior emerge from the cloud of dust behind they . Three of the monk rider fall back to defend the rear . rocky ledge conan wait until the carriage be about to pass underneath he , run along the ledge to match the carriage 's speed ... ... and jump ! on the carriage conan land on the roof of the carriage with a thud . monk # 1 , the driver , look back in shock , as conan plunge he fist through the wooden roof , and tear it OPEN . however , when conan look inside , instead of khalar , he find tamara stare back at he in confusion . she slug he in the jaw . conan grab she wrist ... conan where be he ? with she other hand she shoot a dagger towards he neck . conan grab that wrist too , narrowly avoid the point . this girl 's get spunk . conan where be khalar ? tamara who be khalar ? monk # 1 , the driver , turn to face conan , but ... ppfftt ! a arrow hit monk # 1 directly in the chest . he reel backwards . conan spot the affix oil - sack on the arrow , fuse burn ... the oil sack burst into flame , liquefy monk # 1 , and he fall burn from the carriage and be trample . 40 conan look behind he and see horse warrior # 1 lower he bow and charge directly towards the carriage . tamara poke she head out of the top of the carriage just in time to see conan thrust he sword and skewer horse warrior # 1 as he attempt to jump aboard . on conan he leap from the carriage onto horse warrior # 1 's horse . on tamara as the carriage teeter out of control , tamara crawl out of the hole to the exterior front seat and take the rein . on the horse warrior remo and he horse warrior close in on monk rider # 3 , # 4 , and # 5 guard the rear . this monk spread out to avoid be surround by remo 's man . horse warrior # 9 swing a bolo and hurl it at monk Rider # 3 . it coil around he neck like a snake . he fall , he head crushed by a horse 's hoof . on conan he look back and we linger on he face as he recognize the man lead the attack on the carriage and the monk rider . it 's remo ! conan 's expression become steely . on tamara she look back to see that ... horse warrior # 2 stand on the back of he horse and hurl a spear . monk Rider # 4 be hit in the back and take down . on conan he see horse warrior # 2 raise a spear again , aim for the carriage horse , but this time conan charge , swinging he sword and chopping warrior # 2 ''s leg out from under he . on tamara she lock eye with the mysterious man who be , to she bewilderment , fight on she side . who be he ? then she look back to see horse warrior # 9 gain on she . suddenly , the rider leap on the carriage rooftop . 4l tamara reach down and pound the latch hold the back cabin . once unhook the carriage pull free and spiral into piece , take horse warrior # 9 down with it . now tamara stand on the front axle , and the four horse pull the remain of the carriage like a chariot . on conan he observe the mysterious girl 's startling tenacity , and he lock eye with she again . who be she ? on remo as horse warrior # 3 prep another explosive arrow and aim it at tamara . remo stop he . remo no more arrow ! you will hit the woman ! remo engage with monk rider # 5 , shredd the poor man 's face with a brutal spike shield . on tamara tamara grab the chariot whip , lash at horse warrior # 3 . the whip tangles the front leg of he horse , trip the animal , and plant he into the dirt . tamara crack the whip again , snagging horse warrior # 4 by the neck . the two then struggle for control of the whip , ina fierce tug of war . tamara toss the whip handle through the spoke of she own wheel . the whip tangles , violently snap the rider 's neck , yanking he from he horse , and drag horse warrior # 4 through the dirt behind she . horse warrior # 5 move to flank tamara , riding closer . as he reach out for she - crunch ! the warrior be slam from the side , catch completely off -guard , a T bone collision with another horse . on conan horse warrior # 6 leap onto conan 's horse , face he , strike he with he blade shield . conan struggle to fend off the assault - one hand on the rein , the other block the warrior 's attack . 42 conan backhand the warrior from he horse . the agile warrior flip underneath the stallion , climb up the other side , still try to wedge he shield into conan 's rib . on tamara remo leap from he horse onto the carriage . reacting quickly , tamara leap onto the carriage 's lead horse . as remo clamber after tamara , she veer the horse directly for a jag formation of rock . conan , still riding behind the remain of the carriage , watch tamara head directly toward the rock . tamara jump the horse clear over the rock . the landing be tough . tamara lose she grip , fall from the horse . remo , cling to the chariot , look up just as the vehicle smashes against the rock , flipping end over end . remo roll off the aerial wreck ... .-- but instead of break he neck , remo hit the ground roll , leaping back onto a different horse . the last of the escort , monk Rider # 6 , duck as the carriage soar right over he head , crashing on horse warrior # 7 . conan , riding behind tamara , watch a splintered wooden wheel break free from the wreck and spin like a frisbee right at he . he grab agile horse warrior # 6 , lift he up and - smash ! the wooden wheel break most of the warrior 's face . conan spur on he horse , close the gap . a pair of warrior spin in they saddle , riding backwards so they can lob throwing spear at conan . he use the recover spike shield to protect against the spear attack . as he near , he lob the shield like a blade disc , trip one of the warrior 's horse . remo ride alongside tamara 's horse . but where be tamara ? he get closer , stare in confusion at the empty saddle . tamara rise up from the opposite side of the saddle , kick remo square in the jaw , nearly knock he from he horse . tamara have a brief moment to enjoy she victory . there 's nothing but open trail and a clear ahead of she . then , conan snatch tamara right off her horse . tamara try to keep hold of she rein , struggle against he . 43 ext . forbidden forest - clearing - continuous ahead , the forest trail open into a clear . in the sand sit the rotting remain of a ancient siege equipment , include a spike trap attach by a long chain . remo launch a brutal bola at conan 's steed . it twist around the horse 's leg , trip the animal , send conan and tamara skid into the dirt . conan rise , wipe mud from he face , look up to see remo and the 3 survive horse Warrior . they encircle the barbarian , weapon readied . remo step aside , northerner . the woman be property of khalar Zym . conan look over tamara , bloody and bruise but unbroken . conan she be my property now . tamara rise and look at conan . you property ? conan stare the warrior down . remo remove he helmet . remo you have no claim to she ! conan no . but I have a claim to you . remo spur on he horse , charging conan . at the last moment he rear up the animal , kick out its hoof . remo ( mock ) and what '' claim '' be that ? conan death . what happen next happen quickly . conan swipe he broadsword with such force that he knock the armored warhorse over . as the beast collapse , conan lunge for remo . but , remo 's too quick , diving back , roll from the saddle . 44 horse warrior # 10 and # 11 attack together . conan dodge they and rip away horse warrior # 10 's weapon . without slow , conan lodge the weapon into horse warrior # 11 's chest . the armored horse scatter in all direction . then in one continue motion , conan rip horse warrior # 10 from he saddle and crush he skull . tamara dart for the loose horse but skid to a halt as remo leap atop it from behind , take it from she . warrior # 12 , the last of remo 's dozen , charge conan , but , conan grab the chain , draw it teach , and trip the horse . warrior # 12 be flip through the air ... .+. and he be impale on the spike trap . on conan and tamara tamara stumble and fall to she knee but scramble back behind conan , put he between she and remo , who pull up on he rein . remo look from one body to another , three man be butcher in a matter of second . remo impossible ... who be you ? conan raise up he broadsword . conan when you fight a cimmerian , even a boy , you best kill he . remo be baffle - what be he talk about ? remo I ... kill hundred of cimmerian . conan yes . a entire village . but I do not burn in my father 's forge . recognition wash over remo 's face , and then terror . conan if you run from I , I will tear apart the mountain to find you . I will follow you to Hell ! the little coward turn and gallop away . 45 conan rush up to tamara , grab she and lift she up onto the back of the same horse they be riding before . tamara what be we do ? conan snatch up remo 's own spike shield . then he himself mount the beleaguere steed . together , they gallop after remo , with tamara clutching conan around he waist . ext . red waste - edge of the forest - continuous here the forest give way to desert - the Red waste that we see conan crossing earlier . conan catch up to remo . as he get close , conan hurl the shield at he like a saw -blade frisbee ... ext . red waste - ancient shipwreck - continuous .+. the shield hit remo square in the back . the force of the blow throw remo off he horse , through the air , straight into the shipwreck . remo slam into the hull and crumple , unconscious . conan pull up on the rein and dismount . stun and exhaust , tamara fall from the horse to the sand . she look up to see ... Black hair hang in he face , blue eye burn like flame , blood-splatter skin glisten like burnish brass , conan stand above she like some primitive demigod . tamara my master tell I I would meet you . he have vision that we path would merge . conan study she as if she be bark mad . conan you be the one that khalar Zym seek ? tamara I know nothing about it . 46 conan ( doubtful ) that be he man chase you . tamara they attack we monastery . conan just turn away to examine remo . he 's still breathe , but he be out cold . tamara so ... will you escort I to hyrkania ? conan stare off into the desert in the direction of the forest and the ravine . conan we will wait for khalar . tamara we ? there be no '' we . '' I will go to hyrkania as my master instruct . conan bristle at be contradict . conan I say we will wait . tamara bristle at be contradict . tamara I say I will go to hyrkania . she stand up , arm cross and march away from he petulantly into the forest . again , conan eye she as if she must be a rave lunatic . ext . red waste - campfire - night tamara 's wrist and ankle be bound together and she be tie to the anchor like a dog leash to a post . remo remain unconscious where he fall , but he be bound . conan slap he but he do not awaken . tamara be he dead ? conan not yet . 47 tamara what be you go to do with he ? conan I will wait for he to awaken . I want to look he in the eye when I kill he . the relentless trauma of the day finally overwhelm she . tamara you you be no knight . you be not ... noble . ( outrage ) this ... all of this ... be ... barbaric . conan ( deadpan ) yes , I be a barbarian . the '' civilized man '' be the one chase you . conan sit beside she in silence . desert toad cook over the fire on stick . conan take one and hand she the other . tamara take a tentative , dainty nibble of she frog 's crispy leg . it revolt she . conan do you have a name ? tamara my name tamara amaliat jorvi karushan . conan just grunt and bite the head off he toad . tamara wait for a response , but get none . tamara and yours be ..? conan conan . tamara conan ? that 's it ? conan how many name do I need ? tamara sigh and try a more direct tact . 48 tamara why do you save I ... only to tie I up ? conan khalar be a hard man to find . as long as I possess you , he must come to I . tamara possess ? I be not you property . I be not you '' possession . '' ( gritting she tooth ) or be it 's you plan to force yourself upon I ? because if it be - hardly . conan close he eye , utterly exhaust . conan go to sleep . tamara and I take order from no man . I be a monk of the order of shahpur and my people have never - abruptly , conan stuff a gag into tamaram mouth . enrage , tamara glare silently at the back of he head . ext . the forbidden forest - night khalar Zym ride by the man of War with marique . int . man of war - khalar zym' cabin - night khalar stand as marique , behind he , remove he armor . as she unbuckle every metal plate and interlock ring , she linger over he body , relishing the well wear ritual . marique no word from remo and he scout ? khalar zym by dawn , remo will bring she here . he have never disappointed I . int . man of war - zym 's cabin — continuous marique strip off she father 's breast plate . 49 marique so , the prize be near father . at last you will have not only the mask but also the blood to fill it . khalar run he finger over the mask of acheron as if be he wife 's face . it seem to send shiver of euphoria down he neck . marique 's eye narrow . khalar zym ah , how you mother yearn for the sorcery of acheron . imagine what secret she will bring back from the realm of dead . imagine how indomitable I will become with she back at my side . marique kneel down to remove the plate on khalar 's leg . marique yes , and we shall have greatness , but ... if the girl be lose , or the ritual fail . khalar zym it will not fail . marique but even if it do ... khalar eye flash with anger . khalar zym it will not ! maliva will return . still kneel before he like a supplicant , marique take she father 's imperial hand ... marique my power be grow , father . I have my mother 's blood flow through I . I could uncover the secret of acheron , as she do . ( beat ) I could make they all kneel before you , just as I do now . she gently kiss she father 's hand . khalar stare down at he daughter , study she gravely and yank he hand away . khalar zym yes marique , you be like you mother in so many way . ( more ) 50 khalar zym ( cont 'd ) ( point ) but you be ... not she . her father coldly turn and exit . marique 's impenetrable expression melt . for a brief moment , she be devastate . ext . red waste - ancient shipwreck - dawn the sun be just rise over the sand . conan pull the gag from tamara 's mouth and give he thirsty captive water from a flask . conan the truth this time . why do khalar want you ? tamara how many time must I say it ? I be only a simple monk . I be of no value to a warlord . but then a weak voice come from the nearby column . remo ( 0.c . ) she 's lie . tamara and conan look over to the feeble , but now fully conscious , remo . conan walk over to remo and grab he by the throat . remo speak in a rasp . remo it 's she blood . her blood be special . she 's last of the bloodline of acheron . conan raise he sword to run he through ... tamara wait . do not kill he yet . ( to remo ) you be mistaken . the bloodline end a thousand year ago ... remo ( spitting ) you lie ... whore . tamara ( deadpan ) you can kill he now . 51 tamara turn in a huff , she leg free but she wrist still bound together ... remo ( whisper ) no , please . for she I can get you a king 's ransom ! it be true ! khalar have be search for a pureblood descendant for twenty year . «+. but tamara lurk , listen nearby . conan what make you sure that she be the one he be look for ? remo all the other be dead . she be the one who run away . conan think this over . conan we will wait for khalar . remo he will not come this way through the ravine . he will travel through the flatland . I can show you ... ext . red waste - column desert - day the landscape be litter with break column and the remain of war fight long ago , include a catapult . tamara and remo watch as conan scan the desert with he spyglass . through the spyglass the man of war move over the flatland . remo you see ? I speak the truth . if you want , he will give you weight in gold for this woman . I will arrange everything . I will deliver the message ... conan yes . you will . on the catapult —- later 52 reveal that remo be gag and tied to the boulder . ext . red waste - day the man of war move through the flatland on the back of the elephant . suddenly , the catapult rock slam into its side , burst the hull like a torpedo . int . man of war - zym 's cabin - intercut the boulder crash through the ceiling , rip through khalar 's prize possession . a explosion of splinter wood . moment later along with score of he man , khalar Zym look over the ruin boat . tied to the massive boulder , be remo . from remo 's mouth , marique pull out a ball of fabric in which be wrap tamara 's necklace . on the fabric be word write in blood . khalar zym what do it say ? marique '' I have the woman . the shahpur outpost at noon . come alone . '' she sniff the fabric deeply and lick the necklace to taste it . her father wait anxiously . she turn to he , and nod . marique it 's she . ext . red waste - column desert - day conan cut tamara free , and walk to he horse , which be look much healthier . conan come . tamara why should I ? so you can hand I over to that murderer ? conan not if I kill he first . 53 tamara stand and take a big step back . conan ignore the question and pick up the rope again . tamara keep back away . tamara barbarian , be you head make of stone ? do you really think he 'il come by himself ? conan I have a plan . tamara but even if you kill he , what then ? I have see he massive army . do you think they will just let we ... walk away ? conan it do not matter what happen to we as long as he die by my hand . tamara so you be willing to give up both my life and yours ... for what ? conan must I gag you again ? tamara be back up against a column , but as conan raise the rope to tie she ... ..- quick as a cat she hand dart out and grab the knife on he belt . she crouch like a warrior , hold the blade with remarkable skill . conan stare , eye blaze , and she stare back defiantly . ext . shahpur outpost - day from afar the crumble stone structure seem abandon and lifeless . vulture circle overhead . ext . shahpur outpost - courtyard - day the shahpur outpost be once a work fortress , and rickety scaffold , ladder and platform remain . on the ground sit load dock , old farm and construction equipment . 54 conan stand and wait . any who approach the fortress can be see . he look to the wall , to the entrance , to nearby hill . he see no one . he continue to wait . wind rattles the plank and kick up dust . behind he tamara stand bound to a post like a prisoner . her lip move as if in silent prayer . conan look down at he hand . with he index finger he trace the old scar on he palm leave by the heat chain . then he close he eye and breathes . this be the moment he have be wait for he adult life . conan pace . each footstep crunch loudly in the sand . his sword rattles in its sheath . amplify in the quiet . he look at tamara again and she back at he , she eye fierce and inscrutable . they hear footfalls of a approach horse . conan turn to face the entrance . every sense on high alert . Riding in slowly on a magnificent white warhorse , resplendent and regal , be khalar Zym . conan stand motionless , only he eye move to track the warlord as he trot casually to a crumble platform opposite he across the courtyard . khalar dismount . the warlord stand atop the ramp , statuesque ; the sun gleam off he gild armor , and he shimmer like a god . conan , rag and primitive , paint in dust and dry blood , stare back at he . khalar do indeed seem to be alone . khalar take a moment to look over at tamara . his expression betray nothing but curiosity and vague amusement . then he look back at conan , eye narrow . khalar zym you be bold , northerner . I admire valor , even in the foolish . khalar toss a canvas bag down into the courtyard , gold coin spilling across the sand . khalar zym you reward . conan I do not want you gold . 55 a long moment . khalar study conan . finally , khalar zym what then do you want ? conan draw he sword . conan you head . conan jump down and stride towards he foe . khalar Zym nod and sigh , as if already bored with this . khalar zym yes . yes . of course . ( aside ) kill he ... on marique peer out from the shadow high atop the outpost wall near the entrance , marique lip move in silent incantation . her finger fondle the hilt of corin 's sword . the courtyard the ground between conan and khalar ripple ... and explode . three stygian sand warrior burst from the dust , cover in brand glyph and armed with blade gauntlet . conan swing he sword , but the stygian dive through the sand as if it be water , and burst up from behind he . they circle the barbarian , like hyenas assault a bear . stygian # 1 launch a blade skyhook , but conan dive out of the way , roll back to he foot . stygian # 2 catch the skyhook with he gauntlet , and quickly hurl it , spin back toward conan , slice open he side . the stygian toss the skyhook back and forth , trapping conan in the center like some murderous circus act . on khalar between he and tamara , the Sand Warrior assault conan . so , he calmly but purposefully walk around the perimeter of the outpost towards the bound and helpless woman . 56 on conan he rip off a plank from the load ramp . as the skyhook fly at he he swing out the plank , catch the skyhook , its jag tip pierce deep through the wooden plank . and he hurl the entire plank , end over end , splitting stygian # 1 with the makeshift axe . stygian # 1 do not bleed ; he fall apart , return to mud and raw earth . conan toss stygian # 2 off he back at the parapet wall . the warrior flip in mid-air , rebound back at conan . this time , conan catch he with he broadsword , and stygian # 2 burst in a explosion of dirt , leave only he weapon to clatter to earth . stygian # 3 leap up from the sand behind he ... on tamara as khalar get closer and closer , tamara stay perfectly still ... right to the point that he reach out to grab her . on conan he whip he sword and the tip catch he attacker , slice stygian # 3 . his right arm and leg dissolve a shower of dirt , he bow and quiver fall to the ground ... on khalar khalar move to cut the rope bind tamara 's hand , but in one swift motion , she reveal the knife hidden behind her back and try to drive it into khalar 's neck . she be never really bound at all . khalar jump back , narrowly avoid the point , and instinctively draw he sword . but he hesitates , not want to harm he prize . tamara conan ! khalar turn to see the northerner bolt towards he . conan run , woman ! flee ! ext . shahpur outpost - continuous conan and khalar meet in a loud clash and spark of steel . 57 conan and khalar do battle . conan unleash furious strike after furious strike , and it 's all khalar can do to block they . conan be fast , skilled , and incredibly strong . on tamara do as she be tell , she flee towards the exit . but reach up from the sand , stygian warrior # 3 reach out with he remain arm and grab her foot . tamara fall to the ground , turn over , and hack at he with she dagger ... on conan and khalar khalar be shocked to face such a worthy opponent . khalar parry and jump back out of reach of conan 's long , dangerous blade . khalar circle he foe , size he up . khalar zym who be you ? conan I be the boy you leave behind , hold a chain , to watch he father die . recognition wash over khalar 's face . a unexpected up - swipe of conan 's sword clip khalar 's helmet , knock he to the ground . khalar zym cimmerian ... khalar be vulnerable . with a feral cry conan leap to impale he , but khalar be too quick . he roll , avoid the fall sword , and spring to he foot . khalar zym there , that be you chance . you will not get another . ( beat ) would not you father be ashamed ? now conan unleash all he rage , rush khalar ... on tamara she drive she blade into stygian warrior # 3's face , and it pop like a balloon fill with dust . 58 on conan and khalar conan 's blow become wild and reckless , and khalar handle they easily , revealing that khalar too be a warrior of breathtaking skill . well aim counter strike push conan back . more and more , khalar take advantage of he opponent 's loss of composure . with nowhere to go , conan be force up a load ramp . ext . shahpur outpost - courtyard - on marique - continuous marique ready a double - blade dagger , dip its point in black poison . she raise it up , and prepare to throw ... on conan he hear the whistle of the knife and dodge it , but the razor sharp missile nick he thigh . then conan raise he sword just in time to block khalar 's heavy blow , the weapon glance off he blade . conan 's Pov sound become warpe , and khalar seem to move in slow motion , spin and twirling he weapon . conan 's own arm be heavy . he struggle to focus he eye . on khalar now khalar dodge conan 's clumsy , off - balance blow , and dazzle he groggy opponent with a three - part attack end in a slice to conan 's side . then khalar deliver a kick to conan 's chest , knock he back onto the stack of rotting barrel . khalar leap onto the barrel , loom over conan , weapon ready for the kill . thunk ! a arrow land inch away from khalar 's skull and pierce a rotting barrel . see it 's a burning oil bag , khalar dive away . a ball of flame drive he to the ground . on tamara she let fly another arrow from the stygian 's quiver . 59 on khalar he roll away and the arrow just miss he . boom ! a rotting cart explode into flame . khalar scramble back further . on conan tamara rush to the barbarian as he struggle to he foot , the world spin around he . some noxious substance bubbles poisonously along the cut to he neck . on the entrance suddenly khalar 's warrior , lead by marique , swarm the entrance and the crumble wall . khalar rush towards they from one direction . marique and a horde rush toward they from the other ... ... tamara slide under conan 's arm , grab conan 's wrist and pull it up so that the sword be at her throat . khalar Zym stop dead in he track , hold up he hand and call out to he warrior . khalar zym stop ! she must not be harme . tamara and conan back away ... towards the wall . conan be lose a lot of blood very fast . now the outpost be teaming with khalar 's fierce warrior , block every conceivable exit . khalar zym there be only one way out of the fortress . you be trap . give she to I , and I 'il let you live . tamara ( low , to conan ) be this you plan ? this be a very , very bad plan . gather all he remain strength and focus , conan grab tamara , and rush backwards away from the exit . the soldier swarm after they , racing around the outpost to the leave , storming across the outpost from the right . and , khalar bare down on they with sword raise . conan and tamara keep go scramble up scaffold to the top of the rear outpost wall . 60 atop the wall tamara stop at the edge - a vertiginous drop to cliff and a raging sea . tamara there 's nowhere to go ...!!! conan but down . shock all who watch , conan and tamara leap off the wall out into OPEN AIR beside a waterfall , plummete down toward the harbor below . ext . villayet coast - shahpur outpost - moment later khalar look down in shock . marique join she father , but avoid he accuse stare . his tone be low but dismissive , as if she be some annoying insect . khalar zym you sorcery have fail I ... and you weakness sicken I . marique back away from he shocked and wounded by he word . khalar continue to stare out to sea , and then ... marique ( 0.c . ) my weakness ? it be I who find she . my '' weakness ?!! " khalar turn and look off screen , and what he see make he heart skip beat and he lung strain for air . all the warrior suddenly freeze , look up ... reveal marique she dangle the mask of acheron over the side of the wall . marique watch my sorcery shatter the mask and scatter the piece in the sea . watch I tear the eye from you soldier and set the wall aflame . ( beat ) and then , and then will you dare call I weak ?! for a long beat , both be motionless , the mask hang precariously between she nimble finger . 61 but then she father smile , charming as the biblical serpent , and he slowly walk towards she . khalar zym forgive I for scolding you . we be so close to everything we have spend we life pursue . he reach out and touch she cheek , and she anger cool . he gently take the mask away . once again she bow she head . khalar zym I want you to use all you unique and valuable gift ... to find she again . dissolve to : ext . ocean - day the hornet sail over water sparkling in the sunlight . int . hornet - below deck - night close on rippling water under candle light . a white rag be dip in a basin of clear water . it run up and down bronze skin , wash away the soil and blood . close on conan - FEVER dream conan slip in and out of consciousness and fever dream . a forge burn brightly with FIRE . he 's bath in sweat . conan ( 0.c . ) my skin burn . tamara 's face appear , go in and out of focus , hover over he like a ghost , and the forge flame die down . her voice be soothing and maternal . tamara do not speak . you be poison and you wound be inflame . it 's give you fever . rag press , cool and wet , to he cheek . hissss ! a sword be quench in icy water , steam rise around he flesh . tamara 's hand cleanse he wound and wrap they in bandage . still hallucinate , conan flinch and growl in pain . tamara cradle he head and lift he up . 62 tamara hush . hush now . drink this . cool water gush from a flask over he chapped lip , and conan fall back asleep ... int . hornet - below deck - day as tamara wash he , she can not help be take by both the raw physical beauty of he ripple flesh and the astounding physical punishment he 's endure . she examine he palm , the ten year old scar from grip the red-hot chain . as she touch he scar , conan grab her . she gasp . he 's disorient , still a bit delirious . conan where be I ? tamara you be with friend . though I be surprised to find you have any . he release she , and wince . his wound and internal injury cause he great pain , he struggle to he foot . tamara do not get up . you have lose too much blood . you stitches will burst ! conan crom ! enough of you ceaseless prattle . he fall to one knee , clutches he side , and rise again . tamara where do you think you be go ? conan to find khalar , and cleave he skull to the tooth . tamara sigh , exhaust from too little sleep . her rag monk 's gown be tear , bloody , and filthy . tamara well , he be not on the boat . lie back down . you need to rest . conan I be well enough . 63 tamara you can barely stand ! you think you be go to kill he now ? conan yes . if I do not have you to carry on my back ! tamara if it be not for I you have be dead . conan have no comeback . he exit gruffly to the galley . int . hornet - galley - night artus and conan sit alone at a table drink mead . conan I have he , artus . I have he . artus the god be cruel . conan blast the god . this be not they do . it be I who fail . artus be the tale they tell true ? do he have fiery red eye and a hide of golden scale ? conan he be just a man . artus then it be he who fail . in fact , you may be the only man in hyboria to fight khalar Zym and live . conan spread a map out on the table before they . conan I must go ashore to find he . be we near the coast ? artus place shark 's teeth on the map : on for khalar 's position at shahpur and one for the boat sailing close to the coastline . artu yes . we leave he at shahpur , here . you must catch he along the costal road here ... 64 with a third tooth , artus mark the hide cove mark by a fall colossus . artus ..-- before he reach khor kalba , because neither god nor demon can touch he once he be behind he fortress wall . he mark khor kalba with the tiny skull of a monkey . conan he will not go home without the woman . after I go , you must take she someplace safe . artus laugh , playfully mock he friend . artus what favor do this beauty shower upon you to win such gratitude ? conan she save my life . for that she have my loyalty . artus then she have mine as well . ext . hornet - MAIN deck - dusk at the bow of the boat , he sword gleam with the set sun , conan practice he move and strike . despite he injury he be relentless in he discipline . tamara climb on deck . she now dress like a harem girl , she skin barely cover in the silken drape , and she do not look happy about it . artus approach she from the helm . they watch conan from afar . his movement have grim beauty . tamara a charming man , you friend . artus ( shrugging ) most man be bear to mother 's milk . but he first taste be of he mother 's blood . he be battle bear . tamara so all he can do be kill ? 65 artus oh no . he have the heart of a king . the loyalty of a bloodhound . ( beat ) barbarian may be warrior , but they do not sacrifice they child or enslave they ally like the priest and prince of the '' civilized '' world . ( beat ) as for he manners ... conan ( 0.c . ) you look like a harlot ! conan lurch past they , eying she clothes with disapproval . tamara stare right back at he , match fire with fire . tamara yes , apparently I be the only woman you have ever meet who be not one ! the stare - off continue between the hulk and the pixie . all the other pirate watch , curious to see what will happen . surprisingly , it be conan who blink first . conan ( to artus ) give she leather and armor . ( to all ) she handle a knife better than any of you drunken cutthroat ! conan limp to the helm , clutching he side and cursing as he go . artus smile at he friend 's outburst . artus I think he like you . int . hornet - galley - night conan sit alone , finally relax . he light a pipe , breathes out a plume of smoke , then close he eye . appear in leather and armor , tamara make both a sexy and steely warrior . she march up to he and kick he boot . tamara we have to talk . his look say , '' please crom , kill I now . '' tamara I must go to hyrkania , as my master instruct . conan artus will take you . I must go ashore alone and hunt khalar . tamara so , you be not use I as bait ? conan no . conan offer she the pipe , insist . she take it and sit down beside he . tamara why do khalar slaughter you village ? conan for a sliver of bone that fit into a mask . tamara the mask of acheron ? conan what do you know about it ?. tamara smoke , inexpertly , and cough . tamara I only know the storey I hear as a girl . 3000 year ago in the empire of acheron , necromancer discover powerful magic and enslave almost all of hyboria . it be they mask . she look at the water shimmering in the bucket just as fassir gaze in he pool ... int . khor kalba - skull cave - tamara 's vision tamara 's face dissolves to a vision of the mask of acheron . the abstract image look like shadow on rippling water . tamara ( v.o. ) they craft it from the bone of king , and sacrifice they daughter to they baleful god . 67 we see hazy , murky image of a lithe body be strapped to a vitruvian wheel before a sacrificial pit . the acheronian wizard , hold the mask , raise a sacrificial sword , and slice he own flesh at he chest . he fill the mask with he own blood , and the bone shard writhe like tentacles . tamara ( v.o. ) then the barbarian tribe rise up and shattered the mask . we see dreamy abstract image of battle ; the mask be shatter into dozen of sharp sliver of bone . tamara the sliver be indestructible . so , each tribe hid a piece , scatter they across the land . int . hornet - below deck - night - back to scene back on tamara 's face , she vision become more intense . conan what do the mask do ? tamara resurrection . it raise the soul of the unspeakably evil . like fassir , tamara 's face twist in horror at the vision in the shimmer water ... ext . bald mountain - night tamara ( v.o. ) the spirit and demon they summon give they power no mortal man should hold . the vision swell into a panoramic view of thousand of slave drive over fiery rock and crimson water . it 's like a vision of Hell by Hieronymus bosch . int . hornet - below deck - night - back to scene horrify , tamara snap out of she trance , but she be groggy . her eye flutter open and shut . 68 conan what ? tamara I ... I be not sure if I see a vision of the past or of the future . tamara struggle to focus , but she be nodd off . conan what do you see ? tamara kingdom in ruin . a ocean of blood . a ... apocalypse ... tamara pass out from pipeweed . conan gently take she in he arm and put she gently down on the bed of straw . thump . he hear something brush the hull of the ship . it 's very soft , but it still trouble he ... int . hornet - galley the Pirates , artus among they , lie asleep on bench , some on the floor . none of they hear another dull thump . ext . hornet - MAIN deck - night the sea be dead calm , like a sheet of black marble . the main deck be eerily quiet and still . conan walk up above deck . he hear a soft thump again . he cross the deck , and look over the side of the boat . there he see a empty raft and a rowboat in the water , tie to the side of the ship , gently brush the hull . alarm , conan look up to see ... at the helm the boatswain lie dead , he throat cut , in a pool of blood . conan artus !! at the bow a dozen of khalar 's warrior , kush spearmen and turanian raider , swarm over the rail like ant from small boat below . they rush across the deck , weapon raise ... 69 unarm , conan turn and turn back , grab a hammer and slam the iron shell of a alarm bell ... int . hornet - galley - intercut clang ! artus 's eye snap open . he jump to he foot and rush out . the other pirate be groggy and slow to awaken . int . hornet - below deck - night clang ! tamara be startle awake . she stand up from the bed of straw , but suddenly ... ukafa grab her and cover she mouth . as she kick and buck , he drag she through the claustrophobic corridor . ukafa be still . tamara sink she tooth into ukafa 's hand . ukafa squeal in pain and raise he ugly fist to club she . crash ! conan burst through the wall behind ukafa , fist right through wood , grab ukafa from behind . tamara break free as conan shoulder he way through the break plank . ukafa I remember that eye ... ukafa try use he spear , but there be not space to maneuver . conan grab the shaft and wrestle for control . they both buck and thrash , two giant smashing one another into the wall of the hold , like bull in a pen . tamara jump back , pull a dagger from she boot , grip the tip , and raise it up to throw ... but as the two man careen and spin , slamm back and forth , she can not get a clear shot . she wait for she opportunity . knife raise high . completely still . ext . hornet - stern - night artus rush on deck ... thunk ! pirate # 1 be strike dead . a spear pierce he chest and impale he to the mast . artus draw he sword just as the defend pirate # 2 be CUT down by khalar 's warrior . 70 artus be completely overwhelm ... drive back by the horde advance across the deck towards the galley . int . hornet - below deck - night conan knock the spear from ukafa 's hand , and it stick butt first into the splinter wall . this give the kush warrior time to land a fist to conan 's jaw , knock he backwards . they fight now with fist and shard of break wood . neither able to gain the advantage . then conan kick ukafa and send he flail to the floor . ukafa spring to he foot , hand reach out for he spear ... thunk ! tamara 's throw knife pin he hand to the wall , slice off one of he finger . ukafa scream ! then conan grab ukafa by the collar , and with all he brute strength , lift the fat assassin up ... conan how many cimmerian die at the point of that spear ? ..- and throws ukafa onto he own spear , impale he through the heart and kill he instantly . ext . hornet - MAIN deck - night only artus and a few other pirate defend against the onslaught , fight valiantly , take on three and four invader each , but there be too many opponent to handle . Marauders slash through sail and rope , press forward . attacker to they right and leave , artus and he man be drive back against the entrance to the galley . cherin lead khalar 's warrior , bloodthirsty and energize , on the verge of a complete massacre ... int . hornet - galley - night some primal edge to conan 's voice rally panicked man to action ... conan grab you steel , dog ! spill some blood before you greet you ancestor in Hell ! 71 ext . hornet - MAIN deck - night just as artus and he defender be about to be overwhelm and cut down , the tide turn ... on conan conan now be time for the feast of sword ! leap out from below deck , fly athletically through space , conan sweep he long blade in a wide arc . the sharp point find the throat of a hapless warrior , send a fountain of blood over the head of the attacker . the man be dead before he corpse hit the floor . the pirate attack ! burst from below deck , pirate assault khalar 's Warrior with battle axe , force they backwards to the rail . on artus he hack , slice , and unleash a fierce battle cry . on cherin she direct warrior away from the central battle . cherin find the girl . cherin advance towards the galley when a arrow hit the warrior queen between the eye . she drop to the deck in a lifeless thud ! tamara stand across deck , bow in hand . tamara you find I . on conan despite he injury conan fight like a god of war . slice right , and hack leave , take down several warrior at a time , and completely shatter the enemy 's morale . on tamara now she fight alongside conan and the pirate , spin a elegant dagger in each hand . 72 her martial art training be on full display as she parry , dodge and spin to cut down one warrior and another , until she blade reach ... conan 's face . she stop the knife thrust inch from he nose . conan shoot she a look . tamara sorry ! on artus he swing on a jib , knock a pair of khalar 's Warrior off the ship . he drive he sword through another attacker up to the hilt , then use the impale attacker as a human shield . artus conan . conan turn and toss a attacker towards he friend , impale the second warrior upon the blade . wide on the deck it 's a complete rout . that few of khalar 's warrior who be not cut down leap over the rail in retreat . sea battle with khalar 's warship - omitted ext . hornet - MAIN deck - night the battle be over . conan raise he bloody sword in triumph ! tamara and conan gaze at each other , burn with battle lust and the joy of victory . they share a warrior 's handshake . ext . ocean - dawn as the sun rise , the hornet sail over calm water . ext . hornet - MAIN deck - dawn the pirate celebrate they victory drink from mug and flask in rowdy celebration . conan look around for tamara but he do not see she ... int . hornet —- below deck - dawn in a quiet corner , tamara set up a simple altar with a candle , a bowl , and rune scratch into the wood . 73 she have stripped off she armor , and wear she clean monk 's robe - so tear it barely cover she bare flesh underneath . she kneel before it and pray in a whisper . tamara mitra , help overcome whatever sin I may carry in my blood . show I my purpose , and help I find peace . conan watch she from the shadow nearby . he be spellbound , perhaps for the first time , by she extraordinary beauty . tamara with you gentle wisdom , bless this man who protect I , and lift he burden of pain , as you do mine . sense a presence in the room , tamara look up ... for a moment they eye lock . the bare skin on she thigh and shoulder be luminous in the candle light . his bright blue eye be , for once , soft with empathy . but then he look away , respectfully , turn and exit . dissolve to : ext . hornet - day the pirate work to repair the boat . Fresh plank line the deck like the scar of heal wound . ext . villayet coastline - wide - day the tiny pirate ship sit at the ancient dock . Beyond it be a rocky shore cover in spectacular , crumble ruin . ext . hornet - day conan stand near artus at the helm , as pirate repair the wheel . he and artus share a warrior 's handshake . artus May you find what you seek , conan . on tamara she watch conan gather he weapon and gear on the dock . artus join she at the rail of the ship . 74 artus we repair be almost complete . tamara thank you , artus . I hope one day to pay you all handsomely for you trouble . artus what do pirate care for gold ? artus notice how she look at he friend as he walk towards the cliff . artus pull out a piece of fold parchment . artus it seem we friend have forget he map of the shoreline . I think you should take it to he ... and say goodbye . without hesitation , tamara take the map , quickly disembark and chase after conan . artus we sail at dawn ... do not be late ! he watch as tamara catch up and hand conan the map . as he see the two exchange word and continue walk together , artus smile to himself . ext . villayet coastline - day conan and tamara climb the rock up from the shoreline , tamara catch up with he . together they look up at the ruin of some once grand culture , long forget . tamara they too , whoever they be , once seek to rule the earth and sea . the fog part revealing the fall remain of a ancient colossus statue , body crumble and break . tamara gaze up at the fall giant . tamara ( be : the colossus ) do you ever wonder if we action serve some plan - some purpose spun by the god ? or like he , be we all just doom to chaos and ruin ? conan speak without irony or affectation . 75 conan I know not , and I care not . I live , I love , I slay ... I be content . tamara stare at he - raw , unrefine , true to himself . abruptly , like a damn burst , she lunge forward and kiss he . each grab fistful of the other 's hair . int . villayet coastline —- colossus head - dusk a gush of rough ardor and tender caress . conan and tamara buck and writhe in a slip-slide display of the most gorgeous naked flesh to fill a movie screen . the wave of nail - rake , back - arching , breast-heave ecstacy , rise ... froth ... and crash upon the sand . on conan and tamara - later - night tamara lie in conan 's arm by a small fire . she trace she finger tip over the long scar across he bare flesh , like road or river on a map . but when run she finger tip over the scar that split he eyebrow , he flinch , pull away the touch , the strange intimacy of it be more than he can bear . but see the sympathy in she eye , he relax , allow she to brush she lip gently against he brow . then she kiss he eyelid and the scar along he cheek . finally , and perhaps most intimately of all , she take he hand , bring it to she mouth and kiss the scar on he palm . his eye sparkle . he be soothed . he kiss she forehead . her head on he shoulder , they stare up through the eye of colossus at a sliver of the moon , which glimmer like a reflection in a iris . int . villayet coastline —- colossus head —- dawn tamara , fully dress , gaze down at the sleep barbarian . without waking he , she kiss he cheek . tamara ( whisper ) Goodbye . 76 ext . villayet coastline - forest - day leave the ruin behind she , tamara walk alone through the wood back to shore , towards the row boat . lose in the afterglow , she do not notice the dark , blurry form of a figure stalking she from the tree . sssssst ! tamara flinch as if stung by a bee . she reach to the back of she neck and find stick there ... a dart in the shape of a bug - similar to the dart that strike conan at the outpost . she yank it out and fling it away . panic . tamara look around she and glimpsis a movement all around on the path . her head spin with venom . she bolt , racing back towards the colossus head , stumbling , gasp for air , the tree melting and rippling around she . tamara conan ... many pursuer rush upon she . she glimpsis a shield with a acheronian seal . a rider appear on the path . and another . as a dark rider lurch towards she tamara react instinctively , throwing her knife . the rider be hit , and the horse spook and bolt ... ... then tamara fall . dizzy . nauseated . the world a blur . she thrashes as cruel hand pin down she arm . the last thing she see before pass out be the needle - nail on marique 's fingertip , dangle over she face like a spider . int . villayet coastline - colossus head - day conan 's eye snap open at the sound of the muffle roll of gallop horse . ext . villayet coastline - forest - day conan crouch and find the stygian needle , discard on the ground . around he be footprint and horse track . conan 's blue eye glow , fierce and iridescent in the fade light . he grit he tooth and snap the needle in half . 77 conan stand and walk to the place where the rider fall when he be hit by tamara 's knife . there be a heavy imprint in the mud and a pool of blood . a shape move through the brush . conan whip around to see ... «+. the rider 's abandon horse , fully armored , with the seal of acheron emblazon on the metal plate . conan 's eye widen in horror . ext . wilderness - wind and rain - night a ashen sky hang over a ancient trail . Riding the horse now stripped of its armor , conan track west across a cold and rocky wilderness . a bitter wind blow in he face , and even the horse look weary and defeat . conan 's burden have never be great . ext . khor kalba - throne room - dusk massive iron door like invert fang swing slowly open . into the room come khalar 's triumphant daughter , marique . behind she four acolyte lead tamara in chain . she be still unsteady and sick from the effect of the poison . tamara scan the long room , fill with ominous statue , mosaic and artifact of the age of acheron . she see khalar sit upon a gigantic throne cut into the stone wall . as they approach the throne , marique take tamara by the hair and force she to kneel . khalar step forward , gaze down at he helpless captive , and lift tamara 's chin so that she look up into he eye . khalar zym hello , my elusive one . tamara ( desperate ) you have make a mistake . I be not the one you be look for . khalar nod to marique ... a black needle sink in tamara 's neck and she flinch as if bitten . marique withdraw it and put it to she tongue . 78 marique she be the pure blood descendant of the necromancer of acheron . tamara close she eye and hold back tear , all hope lose . khalar smile . khalar zym we begin the ritual at once . marique no ... tomorrow night . when the moon be dark and eager to be reborn , and the tide ebb , leave the ruin dry . khalar zym you have make I proud , my daughter . he touch she cheek , and marique 's face glow . the door boom shut . ext . argalon - outskirt - dusk conan ride to a hilltop with a wide view , and he gaze down upon argalon , a city near the coast with dome building . ext . den of blade - various - night various shot of conan move past dilapidate stand . loiter thug and cutthroat trade weapon , poison and contraband . we see he approach several wily thug who shake they head . finally a skinny street urchin point to ... a rotting door bear the mark of seven blade . conan open it and enter . int . den of blade - night the de of blade be a hookah bar - dark , smoke - fill , and ominously quiet . it function as a thief guild , and it be densely pack with shiny steal object like a bazaar . as conan cross from the door , dozen of treacherous eye mark he from the shadow . there be belly dancer and woman writhe with snake . 79 conan approach a fat man , who stand and pour colorful drink onto a silver three - level serve tray . conan I be look for a thief . fat man argalon be a city of thief . conan clutches he by the fold of he neck , the tray fall to the ground and the drink spill across the floor . conan I be look for a thief name ela shan . the fat man just cackle . barman who be you to ask , barbarian ? suddenly from every shadow and every corner , a dozen ugly , treacherous thieve of all shape and size , weapon draw , stand and leap forward to surround conan . conan crouch and clutches the hilt of he sword ... ela shan stand down , fool ! the bandit step forward . it be ela shan himself . he step into the light to show off elaborate armor instead of prison chain ; ela shan laugh and wave off he man . ela shan ( cont 'd ) fast as yezud , he will gut you like fish . I owe this man my life . conan relax , sheath he sword , and eye the thief . conan well , ela shan , you will have you chance to repay it . ela shan 's smile fade . at a corner table - later conan and ela shan sit and drink . ela shan look anxious , try to talk he out of it . ela shan it be not for I to criticize a great man such as yourself but ... this be madness . do not go in . just wait for he to come out ! conan a woman be inside . elan rub he temple . a woman ? ela shan she must be a pretty one . break into khalar Zym 's fortress be like reach under a sleep dragon to steal she egg . ( beat ) it can not be do . conan it must be ... and quickly . ela shan ( scoffing ) quickly ? no one have do it ina thousand year ! conan there must be a way . you owe I this . ela shan ( shaking he head ) well , below the flood spire be the tunnel of lock . conan do not you say there be no lock you can not break ? ela shan spit , silently cursing he word . ela shan I be without doubt the only thief alive who could get you through it . conan then that be the way . ela shan it be the way to '' the dweller '' that guard the fortress depth ... or so the rumor say . 80 81 conan and what be the dweller ? ela shan throw up he hand , and smile . ela shan certain death . int . khor kalba —- throne room - day along the wall be primitive but macabre image of genocide and slavery - fire and blood . artifact of acheron display as if this be some sinister museum . a ceremonial tub - various shot still weaken and hazy , as if drugge , tamara sit in 's ceremonial tub . acolyte scrub and cleanse she body , comb and arrange she hair , clip she nail . as she rise up from the water , they swath she in red towel with all the formality of a religious ceremony , drying she naked skin as if polish white marble . as the acolyte anoint tamara 's bare flesh with oil , marique watch over the preparation , darkly . later marique groom the groggy tamara before a full length mirror of dark polished obsidian . tamara be wear maliva 's distinctive dress , she jewelry and dark makeup . marique my mother wear this gown on she wedding day . it flatter you . tamara I be not you mother . marique no but you will be . she run a finger - needle up tamara 's chest to she neck , and whisper sadistically . marique ( cont 'd ) imagine you body be a vessel and you soul be the water that fill it . when you blood seed the mask , my father will empty you . 82 as marique speak , she take a long , sinuous glass vase and pour the water out on the stone floor . as marique continue , she refill the vase with red wine . marique and my mother 's soul will rise to fill up you toe , you leg , up into you breast , neck and lip ... she lean in close , lip practically press against tamara 's cheek . marique «+. until my mother turn you pretty blue eye pitch black . tamara I would rather die . khalar zym ( 0.c . ) oh yes , you will ... at that moment , khalar enter , continue for marique . khalar zym ... and you death shall herald a New Age of acheron . the spirit I raise will melt flesh from the bone of king . my wife and I will cast all rival into ocean of blood . marique press the point of the needle hard against tamara 's skin , almost but not quite break the surface . marique and what of I , father ? khalar freeze , see the deadly nail at tamara 's throat . khalar zym what of ...? remove you nail . marique stare at she father with eerie intensity . marique why ? so that I can be cast aside ... into a ocean of blood ? nobody move , but then khalar approach he daughter . 83 khalar zym so that you may reign as we princess and heir . he touch she cheek and she melt , all she rage rush out of she like water . she remove the nail , and hug he around the waist . in the obsidian mirror it frame a strange triangle : two woman and khalar between they . only tamara can see that khalar 's expression be treacherous , even as he voice be silky and smooth . khalar zym smile , my cruel angel . tonight we will be a family once again . and look away from the mirror , only tamara can see that marique 's expression be equally cold and bitter , even as she voice be sweet and obedient . marique yes , my dear father . yes . ext . khor kalba - outskirt - dusk khor kalba be the flood ruin of jag stone tower that have stand against the sea for thousand of year . indeed the wall and fortification make it look impregnable . ext . khor kalba - flooded ruins - night conan and ela shan scramble over rock along treacherous cliff and pound surf . the find a round rock with a metal face plate and rune etched around the edge . ela shan slip slender hook and point dowel into the face plate and open it , but he hand be shaking badly . Inside be a ornate lock mechanism . ela shan please . I beg you one last time . do not do this . let we turn back . conan shake he head . Silent but firm . 84 as ela pick at the mechanism there be a cascade of click and clanks swell into a deafen rattle as somewhere massive tumbler spin . the noise become frighteningly loud ... ... and then with a SNAP , the lock turn . the stone slide open in halve revealing stair down to the flood sewer . int . khor kalba - throne room - night the acolyte bind tamara to the vitruvian wheel . each wrist and ankle be bound with manacle and long chain to the spoke . she be spread eagle . carry corin 's greatsword , marique approach tamara . marique do you know I meet you barbarian when he be a boy ? I take this sword from he . she run she lip perversely over its hilt . marique I be tell that cimmerian steel be sharper and harder than any other , and that when it cut , the pain be close to pleasure . she hold the edge against tamara 's bare skin on she chest . marique I know it will please you . int . tunnel of lock - curving tunnel - night ela shan pop the lock to another spiral gate lead they into a curving sewer tunnel . the water be waist high , and roiling as if something large be move below . they torch flicker , give off more smoke than light . there be deep ominous rumble from above and below . the surface of the water ripple , as if teeming with fish . ela stop and grab conan 's arm . ela shan something move in the water . as ela turn we see that cling to the other side of he face and neck be a black , throbbing Mass the size of a lobster . 85 ela see conan 's expression . the thief squeal in horror , tear the leach off he face , and throw it away . the water be alive with the slimy creature . conan rip a giant leech off he own arm and yank another off ela 's back . ela find another squirming on he belly . ela 's scream still echoing in the chamber , they hurry , sloshing towards the next gate . ext . khor kalba - ruins - night a procession move slowly from the central tower , towards the Skull cave . khalar lead they in he resplendent armor . then come marique lead twelve Guards . two acolyte chant in a long forget language and strike gong etched with the seal of acheron . it be as ominous as a funeral march . ceremonial and grim . behind they , another four acolyte bear tamara on the vetruvian wheel , like a corpse upon a stretcher . surround the procession be a legion of khalar 's soldier . int . tunnel of lock - blood gate - night ela and conan trudge through a long , narrow sewer . ela be shaking badly , and he look a bit lose . above they be hole in the rock where runoff water gurgle into the chamber . they reach a dead end . Far above they be a clang and rumble , as if some giant valve be turn and a torrent of water unleash . ela shan we should not have come this way . liquid burst from the runoff hole and gush into the chamber - hundred of gallon of deep red . conan and ela retreat through the fountain of blood . the liquid become thicker ... ... and the two be hit with chunks of human bone , severe arm , severe leg , and ground gore - a ghastly soup of human flesh shower down upon they ! they flee , out of the dead end tunnel , as human head bob in the water like buoy . conan drive he shoulder into a gate , break the rusty bar and slamm it open . 86 int . khor kalba - tunnel under the pit - continuous ela shan reignite a stashed torch . there be no more gate to be see . a triumphant smile beam on ela shan 's face . ela shan that be the last gate . I tell you I could get you in safely ! a great rumbling pass , the sound of something enormous move underneath they in the depth . ela 's smile fade . whoosh ! conan and ela be dragge under the water , whipped down and away in less than a second . int . khor kalba - under the pit - night conan be yank through deep , murky water . he 's just a flail shape in the darkness . he lash out with he blade , hack at something that have wrap around he foot like a snake . it release he . ela shan be not as lucky . he be drag pass conan , towards some massive throbbing shape with undulating arm , but conan grab ela by the collar and yank he free . conan drag ela towards the glow of the surface . int . khor kalba - the dweller pit - night ela and conan burst to the surface of a circular pool . both of they gasp for breath . the danger seem to have pass . they scramble to the edge , and as they climb out they look up into the gigantic space around they , take it all in . the pool be surround by the curving step and tall column of a massive amphitheater . the air be thick with steam . above they , cage hang from pulley attach to a iron grid . chain strung through the pulley hang like vine . Inside the cage be virgin , adolescent in nothing but loincloth . one cage near the water be fill with the same blood and remain that be shower upon they below . akhoun ( 0.c. ) you ! 87 conan look across the pit to see the last of khalar 's henchmen who be present in corin 's forge . akhoun the giant villain hold chain attach to pulley high above he on the iron grid . this allow he to raise and lower cage like a puppet master . conan another feast for my sword . there be a ominous rumble , and the surface bubbles . akhoun let loose a long peal of laughter . akhoun no ! another feast for my pet ! then a tentacle burst from the water , blocking conan 's path , thick as a tree trunk , line with bony spur . the tentacle curl and snap like the tail of a scorpion . conan defend himself with swipe of he sword send jet of the creature 's blood , black as ink , across the water . ela squeal , swim away , and climb up into the empty cage . he slam the door shut , try to shut the tentacle out . the tip of a tentacle coil around conan 's arm , but he drive he sword into its base . from somewhere deep in the pool come a agonize rumble and a squeal of pain . the tentacle retract . but then two enraged tentacles whip out of the water , replace the first , attack the barbarian , and drive he backwards . a third tentacle shoot out of the water and probe the cage where ela be hide . ela kick at it in desperation . a massive undulate shape rise just under the surface of the pool . it be enormous and grotesque , with a ugly mouth rimmed with tooth the size of saber : the dweller . conan avoid the mouth and stab at a tentacle , but then Three pit guard enter and stalk conan around the edge of the pool , walk over iron rail on its surface . pit guard # 1 be immediately snatch by a tentacle that wrap around he neck and yank he high up into the air and down into its hungry mouth . Red blood fill the pool , mixing with black . 88 pit guard # 2 and pit guard # 3 attack conan together , but conan slay # 3 , right under ela shan 's hang cage . conan eye akhoun and lure pit Guard # 2 closer to he . just as pit Guard # 2 reach he , conan leap away ... crash ! akhoun drop ela shan 's cage , miss conan , and crush pit Guard # 2 instead . conan rush at akhoun and the two clash . conan allow akhoun to land several ugly blow , but as he do so , conan wrap the hang chain around the villain 's neck . as ela shan 's cage be pulled underwater by several strong tentacles , akhoun be lift up by he neck , hang by he own chain . twenty khor kalba warrior rush into the amphitheater , and surround the pool , block the floor level exit . conan swim to ela 's sink cage , but ela be already under the surface - the cage drag towards the dweller 's mouth . above conan , tentacles wrap around the dangle akhoun . then a massive single eye rise up out of the water like a glisten , oily dome . stand up on the sink cage , conan leap , raise the sword like a stake , and drive it into the dweller 's eye ... with a low roar and a high whistle the dweller 's massive arm crash upon the surface and sink into the depth . as akhoun and he chain be drag down with the dweller , conan , who be cling to ella 's cage , be pull up ... «+. to a mid-level above the grid , where conan help ela escape through the damaged bar . int . khor kalba - tunnel above the pit - night conan rush out of a exit from the mid-level of the pit , and he drag the hapless thief along with he . ext . khor kalba - night conan pull himself up out of a crack in the khor kalba ruin . then he pull the exhaust ela shan up beside he . High up , he get a view of the entire fortress . 89 conan 's Pov the procession ride out over the peninsula towards the Skull cave . they be escort by the legion of khalar 's soldier . ext . khor kalba — skull cave - entrance - night khalar lead a procession on horseback into the ancient acheronian site . marique and two acolyte ride closely behind . tamara , bound tightly to the vitruvian wheel , be carry by four acolyte as if it be some nightmarish funeral march . behind they the twelve cave Guards and another twelve Warrior from the legion , bring up the rear . before they be a massive excavation Site , with scaffold , cart and crude tool . bit and piece of purple , acheronian ruin sprout out of the cave floor like the bone of some massive fossil . on the high cave ceiling be opening - the '' eye '' of the skull that we see from the outside . the bulk of the legion of warrior wait outside the cave . int . skull cave - MAIN chamber - continuous two acolyte blow ram 's horn in steady rhythm , like a primitive siren . they reach a central platform , on which be more scaffold and long chain hang from pulley . in front of all this be a sacrificial pit . outer ring along the edge be a outer ring where cave Guards and Warrior take up position . on the platform four of the acolyte carry the ancient vitruvian wheel to the platform . the other two hold ceremonial torch . with the pulley and chain , the wheel be hoist and position so that two long pin on its outer rim fit into two stone post on the platform . this allow the entire wheel to tip forward and backwards . 90 ext . khor kalba —- coastline cliff - night conan climb and jump over jag rock toward the skull cave . never have he look more determine . terrify and gasp for breath , ella can barely keep up with he . int . skull cave - altar - night the acolyte chant , some low and guttural , some high and shrill - a eerie , pagan cacophony . marique hand khalar corin 's greatsword . marique as a victorious barbarian sword once shattered the mask , a vanquish barbarian sword shall revive it . khalar take the cimmerian blade , impressed by its balance and craftsmanship . he be pleased . marique bear the mask of acheron on a ritual tray . ext . skull cave - night - intercut grasp tangle vine and root , conan and ela shan drag themselves up and over the rain-slick rock , arrive above one of the two massive hole in the cave ceiling . below , they see the whole , perverse spectacle , with tamara at the center of it all , bound to the wheel . ella gawk and swallow ; he tremble like a wet gerbil . conan you debt be pay . go. ela shan I humbly respect you decision . int . skull cave - altar platform - night two acolyte tilt the wheel forward so that tamara face down . khalar raise corin 's greatsword . khalar zym by lusty derketo and serpent-headed set , by dagon and nergal , I seed the mask with its master 's blood . 91 every movement in this ritual seem well - practice and choreograph , as if each gesture have symbolic meaning . khalar cut tamara just below she collarbone . she scream ! blood flow from the wound . marique hold the mask beneath she on a sacred ritual tray . on tamara tamara gasp in horror . she watch helplessly as blood run down she body into the mask , seed it . cave entrance - on conan SNAP ! cave Guard # 1 's head be turn and he neck be break . conan drop the body quietly . conan move swiftly , silently and almost invisibly along the side of the cave . the platform - on the mask fertilize by the blood , the mask of acheron come alive . the shard of bone swell and squirm like the arm of the dweller . on khalar and marique they exchange a look of eager anticipation . they have both wait a long time for this moment . with the sword in one hand , khalar raise the mask with the other , high above he head before the pit . khalar zym ancient one , who burn beneath we , unspeakable be thy name , behold and despair , you new master . with both excitement and trepidation , khalar place the mask on he face . it fuse with he flesh , the tentacles pierce he forehead , cheek and neck . he and the mask become one . on the pit a eerie glow paint its rim , a low rumble shake the cave , as if something in the depth be awaken . on khalar the excruciate pain of the pierce shard give way to exhilaration as the mask 's power flow through he . 92 on tamara she can not watch . she turn she head , chin to shoulder . but from she high vantage point , she can see ... conan - tamara 's Pov intent and unstoppable , conan climb up the rock from behind the altar . he quietly cut cave Guard # 2 's throat . then , he look up and see tamara staring down at he . he be dismay to see she awash in she own blood . on tamara its all she can do to keep from call out to he . she shake she head ... go back ! on conan but he do not stop . he come closer and closer , listen to khalar 's incantation to he dead wife . the pit khalar zym ( cont ’d ) maliva , my queen , hear my call ... but khalar be interupted ... behind the wheel - on conan bolt from he hide place , conan leap and swing he sword in a mighty arc . at the last second , khalar duck , and raise corin 's sword to block he ... conan 's sword glance the edge of the mask , chipping it , cause bright spark and a resounding clang as the metal hit bone . reeling , khalar fall backwards to the ground . as the mask be hit , the pit rumble with energy , cause tremor across the excavation site . the platform crack and the stone post hold the wheel crumble . conan be knock off he foot . dozen of Warrior and Guards rush to the altar be swallow into the tremble , crumble pit. 93 inside the pit the man tumble helplessly into a fiery abyss . on the platform the scaffolding collapse , crush cave Guard # 3 and # 4 under its weight , and dangle long chain into the pit . on the platform the wheel fall from its chassis , with tamara still attach to it . it tip forward and drop into the pit . inside the pit after fall ten foot into the shaft , the wheel get stuck as its two pin catch on the wall . on tamara - under the wheel bound to the wheel , tamara scream and pull at the chain . Wide eye , tamara gawk down into a yawn abyss . the side of the pit open up into a wide crevice fill with purple - tinged , acheronian ruins . below that be a fiery , bottomless vortex . skull cave - above the pit - on conan conan hop to he foot , look down to see tamara on the wheel , and he jump down ... inside the pit - on the wheel conan land on the wheel with startling balance . he reach down and break one of the manacle with the hilt of he sword . tamara 's wrist pull free . skull cave - above the pit - on khalar he scramble to he foot , look into the pit , and see conan break tamara 's leg free . he call out to marique . khalar zym do not let she escape ! then , corin 's sword in hand , he jump down ... 94 inside the pit - on the wheel khalar land on the wheel and nearly slip and fall . the wheel teeter right and leave under he foot like a see-saw . skull cave - on marique pull out a dagger , marique rush away from the platform to a outcropping of ruin , lead down ... on tamara - under the wheel she hang upside down like a acrobat as the man fight above she . she pull she other wrist away from the wheel , but it be still bound to a long , loose chain . she climb off , scramble down the ravine wall to ... int . ruins of acheron - balcony - intercut tamara claw desperately at the side of the rocky crevice , and slide to the Stone balcony . around she be the bizarre acheronian ruin - a entire subterranean city . stairway extend in all direction , some sideways or upside down , all lead through a maze of archway and column . below she , flame magma flow through the ruin in canal and pour into the vortex . tamara do not see the dark figure rush towards she from behind out of the maze . she stare up at the man fight . she have no weapon , and no way to climb back up to help . conan ( from above ) find a way out ! reluctantly , tamara rush away into the maze , drag the long chain with she . int . inside the pit - on the wheel - intercut khalar and conan clash . every thrust and parry of they weapon cause the wheel to tip precipitously in one direction and then another . when khalar attack , conan shift he weight on the wheel , make the mask warlord stumble to regain he foot . 95 int . ruins of acheron - the maze - intercut tamara run over stairway , under archway , and around column , but the labyrinth be disorient , and she do not see the dark figure rush towards she from behind ... marique grab tamara , but she resist capture . tamara throw she elbow into marique 's gut , drive the witch backwards . she slam she fist against marique 's jaw , snap marique 's head to one side . frustrate , marique step back and brandish she dagger . marique kneel down ! tamara do not kneel . she twirl the long chain still attach to she wrist and face off with the witch . marique raise the dagger , and tamara swing the chain ... ... wrap it around marique 's wrist , and yank the dagger out of marique 's hand . the blade clatter away . marique lunge for tamara , she needle - finger extend , and grab tamara by the hair . int . the pit - khalar and conan - intercut khalar lunge and miss , slip on the wheel , and he mask writhes in frustration . conan you have you chance khalar , and you will not get another . ( beat ) wo not you dead queen be ashamed ? with a explosion of fury , khalar lunge at conan ... and khalar lose he balance . khalar slip , stumble and kick the pin stick in the side of the ravine . the pin snap off ! as the pin in the wheel break free , the '' floor '' fall out from beneath they foot . the wheel fall , bounce off the crevice wall . conan and khalar fall , scramble desperately to the side of the ravine , into plume of dust . 96 int . ruins of acheron - the vortex below - continuous the wheel crash off the balcony , flip and plummet , , and then disappear into the vortex . it 's only by watch the wheel fall that we get a sense for just how breathtakingly deep the abyss really be . int . ruins of acheron - balcony - continous conan and khalar tumble down to the balcony . panther -like , conan land on he foot . by contrast khalar land hard on the stone floor , and he stumble . conan swing and khalar duck the blade ... crack ! the tip of conan 's sword clip the mask , and once again , when the mask be hit , tremor shake the ruin . khalar fall to the edge of the balcony . as when he fall at the shahpur outpost , he be vulnerable . but just as conan raise he sword and be about to spring across the balcony to where khalar have fall ... .-. conan hear tamara scream ! lock eye with khalar , conan hesitates - another chance for vengeance hang on he decision . the villain smile . then conan dart into the maze to save the woman he love . int . acheronian ruins - on tamara and marique - cont . as the woman fight , more tremor shake the ruin . lava bubbles and spill over ancient timber , which burst into high flame . marique drive she knee against tamara 's chest pin she to the ground . but , tamara still will not submit . tamara how will it feel when you father cast you aside ? marique flash with anger and threaten tamara with she long needle finger , hold they above tamara 's face . 97 tamara you be nothing to he . he only care for she . marique hiss , enraged beyond all reason , but as she plunge five finger - needle towards tamara 's eye ... marique find she thrust blocked , and she needle SNAP against the flat end of a hard cimmerian blade ! conan whip the sharp blade back , and he slice off mariquen finger ! marique scream and clutches she mutilate hand . she 's delirious with fury . tamara grit she tooth ... tamara burn like you mother , witch . tamara kick marique into the burn timber below ... on marique - as she fall she flail and claw at the air , and she be impale on a jag , burn timber . her skin burst into flame . on khalar he enter the maze , and just as he once watch maliva , he watch marique as she be consume by the fire . int . ruins of acheron - the maze - night darting in one direction and then another , tamara and conan flee deeper into the labyrinth . there be more rumble from below and pillar tip and crash around they . they narrowly avoid get crush . int . ruins of acheron - the maze - continous conan double back and try a different direction , around the perimeter but he be CUT off by khalar . tamara rush back behind conan , and the two magnificent warrior clash . it be the most spectacular fight we have see in the film . conan swing he blade with all he father 's balance and skill . 98 but , empower by the mask and with room to maneuver , khalar fight with phenomenal strength . as he wield corin 's greatsword , khalar 's shear speed and dexterity be breathtaking . he seem invincible , and conan now look overmatch . he 's drive back ... «+ . or perhaps lead he opponent forward as ... ... another rumble shake the ruin and another archway crumble and fall . conan leap away just in time , but khalar be seemingly bury in rubble . int . ruins of acheron - ancient bridge conan and tamara flee out onto a thin wooden bridge that span the crevice , and below it be the fiery vortex . the bridge be make of flat rotting panel , suspend by ancient chain and propped up by crack girder . conan cross quickly to the other side , but behind he , as tamara run to the center of the bridge , she stumble , the panel crack and splinter beneath she foot ... ... and she fall through . conan ( gasp ) tamara . the chain trail after she into the hole ... on tamara tamara plummet ... ... and then she be yanked to a full stop . she dangle under the bridge by she manacle wrist . on conan he clutches the end of the chain and he be nearly pull into the hole himself ... ... but he stop she fall . and then , the barbarian look up to see , emerge out of cloud of dust and fall rubble ... 99 khalar zym arm raise , he step out upon the bridge and call out the final verse , complete the ritual . khalar zym beside I none be equal , beneath I all must submit , before I all rival will be sacrifice !! ( beat ) maliva , I summon you here ! on the ruins as if respond to he word , they rattle and hum . on the bridge a fierce wind rise from the depth . around they million of glow ember stream up in swarm and float slowly down like fiery confetti . under the bridge - on tamara her eye flicker to pitch black , but as she scream and shake she head in defiance , they flicker back to blue . int . ruins of acheron - ancient bridge - continuous the whole bridge sway and buckle under they weight . khalar stride towards conan in triumph . khalar once again , the little cimmerian boy be catch hold a chain . tamara Drop I ! conan look back from tamara beneath he to khalar across from he . with one hand on the chain and the other hold he sword he can neither fight nor pull she up . on tamara wave of heat sizzle she skin . the hem of she clothing be start to light aflame . tamara 's eye flicker black . tamara let go of I , conan ! 100 on conan and khalar khalar zym no . kneel to I , and she will live . tamara his witch possess I ! I can not fight she ... drop the chain ! khalar 's voice be as silky and convincing as a serpent . khalar zym and let another die in you place like you father ? conan can not strike . he can not let go . his fully extend arm shake from the torque and strain . he can not win ... and so , conan kneel . khalar smile , know full well the barbarian would never let go of the chain . on tamara eye jet black , maliva have overcome she . around she black ash and glowing ember swirl and undulate like a swarm of insect . scald wind whip she hair . she crawl up the chain towards conan ... on conan and khalar conan drive he sword point - first into the wooden panel . but just as khalar step forward to take the chain ... khalar zym I warn he that I would one day be a god . conan and my father warn you ... conan calmly pull back he blade stick in the panel . just like corin 's blade in the ice , it work like a lever , cracking the wood under khalar 's feet . khalar fall through , extend he arm to clutch the splintering wood at he side to keep from fall through to the abyss . he fumble corin 's sword . slow motion : corin 's sword shoot into the air , tumble and spin , until ... 101 .»+- conan grab the hilt ! conan God or not ... conan swing corin 's sword once , and shatter khalar 's mask . conan ++. you will fall . and swing twice , back the other way and behead he ! close on khalar 's head - following it as it fall mouth still gnash and eye still roll in shock and rage , khalar 's head tumble into the vortex . as each shard of the mask fall into the vortex ... on tamara - intercut as conan pull tamara up , maliva 's spirit dissipate . her eye turn back to blue . conan scoops she up to she foot . she lose a lot of blood , but she be still alive . as conan be about to kiss she ... the vortex rumble . the bridge buckle and shake . great fissure appear in the ruin . boulder fall from above . int . acheronian ruins - various level - night the ancient city collapse and the fissure open wide and split the ravine . staircase , column and archway fall into the abyss . int . skull cave - the platform - night as tamara and conan escape out of the same outcropping of pillar that marique enter earlier , the platform be consume . the ravine close . the pit be shut . the entire cave be collapse around they . ext . skull cave - night conan and tamara rush out of the cave . the Skull face of the cave implode in a final dramatic quake . the Warrior from khalar 's legion , that who be not swallow and bury in the rubble , scatter and flee . 102 the acheronian ruin be bury . on the rocky shore there be two abandon horse from the procession . the sun rise over the water . moment later - at the shoreline both mount on the horse , tamara look to conan . tamara and now ? conan extend he father 's sword and watch the sunlight gleam across the steel . conan we think of life . the dead be dead , and what have pass be do . conan , black -haire , sullen -ey , he father 's sword in hand , lead she towards a fiery sunrise and a darken sea . fade to black 103 alternate ending : ext . cave - dawn conan carry tamara - bloody , pale and weak - out of the cave . he put she limp body down on the sand . blood run from she mouth . her body shiver in pain conan what be it ? conan see the wound that marique give she in the fight . tamara poison . conan realize she be die , and he look stricken . with the last of she strength she smile and whisper to he . tamara ( cont ’d ) grieve not my death , conan . think of life . she rise up with bloody lip and like he mother , fialla , kiss he so that he can taste she blood . tamara die in conan 's arm . ext . beach - day conan cary tamara like a groom carry he bride through a threshold , but he carry she not to the wedding bed ... ... but to a small funeral pyre of beachwood . conan lay tamara 's body atop it . conan light the pyre . flame glimmer in he eye . the air fill with ember . conan step away . as the fire burn behind he , he father 's sword in hand , conan walk alone towards a darken sea . 104 reshoot ext . pitch black —- night narrator between the year when the ocean drank atlantis and the rise of the son of aryas ... the sky shimmer with a cascade of star . narrator ... there be a Age undream of , when shine kingdom lay spread across the world like blue mantle beneath the star . we tilt down past the milky way to ... ext . acheronian temple - continuous a wide shot [ matte painting ] of acheron , the dark landscape and colossal edifice build into cliff by the sea . narrator first come the dark empire of acheron , where cruel necromancer seek secret of resurrection . { as shot ] a priest raise the mask of acheron . narrator they craft a mask from the bone of king ... { as shot ] a pureblood daughter be bound to the wheel . narrator ... and sacrifice they daughter to baleful god . close on the mask . the victim 's flesh be CUT , she blood flow onto the mask . [ this will mirror the climax ] { as shot ] the priest lower the mask and put it on he face . narrator the mask summon spirit of unspeakable evil , give they power no mortal man should hold . eh F fh HH * +e fh * + % + % * * + ok 105 close on the wheel - the girl 's face the girl scream , as black ember swirl around she , and she face become possessed by some loathsome demon . [ this will mirror tamara 's possession by maliva in the climax . ] narrator soon river run red with blood , and city burst in flame . acheron enslave the civilized world . image of apocalypse a landscape boil with explosion of fire and wave of blood . scene of warfare barbarian horde swarm acheron . a fierce battle rage . narrator only the barbarian tribe be leave to rise up against they . close on the mask cleave by a barbarian sword . narrator the mask be shattered .. and acheron fall . close on the shard as they be separate , divide , and hide among the tribe . narrator each tribe keep a single shard , so that no man might attempt to join they back together , and drive the world again into madness and ruin . the final shard hide in a golden BOX [ the one we will reshoot in corin 's forge . ] narrator the piece remain hide , scattered across the land for three thousand year . int . womb - day darkness again , and silence . then , the sound of a heartbeat hear from the womb . + % + ok * + % * + * hf + ok 106 narrator so rise the hyborian Age , both bleak and brutal , ... tilt down to the immaculate crown of a unborn baby , eye close , float at peace within the warm glow of the womb . narrator ( v.o. ) .+.. and so come a child bear of battle . ssskktttch ! a flash of steel as a blade pierce the womb , not a inch from the child . as the sword be pull free we move with it , out into the madness of battle . young conan / adult conan transition ext . cimmerian village - dusk [ as shot ] look down , young conan see a cimmerian sword . howling with rage he raise the blade in the air . camera boom up with the sword ... fade out . ( optional narration ] narrator for twelve long year conan , son of corin , wander the rag edge of the world . ( beat ) but , the nameless man who kill he father remain in shadow . young conan / adult conan transition - version two ext . zingaran coastline - day very close on skeleton half - submerge in desert sand . camera drift over old , rusted chain and massive shackle as the wind blow sand and ash over the slave 's bone . narrator cimmerian do not pine for the hereafter . ( more ) * + HH HH 107 narrator ( cont 'd ) they god be crom , who rule over a sunless place of everlast mist , the land of the dead . a mighty hand dig into the sand past skull and bone , and lift dust into the wind . the dust fall through he finger like sand in a hourglass . narrator conan leave cimmeria and wander the edge of the world , slay , thieve , survive , storming the high wall of venarium and prowling the dark seas among pirate . camera move around the strong , scar arm revealing the face of the mature conan . on bent knee , conan look into the dust as if he can see something through it . he rise , brush sand from he hand and look at he palm . close on he palm we see the burn scar from the hot chain he once hold to support he father in the forge . his hand ball into a fist . narrator but the nameless man who scar he hand remain in shadow . ext . zingaran coastline - day { we begin with the '' Zingaran slave colony '' matte , and shot of the slave be whipped and abuse by they master ] conan entrance shot : { if this be a commercial , this would be we product shot ] we pan up the edge of a broad sword , over the massive fist that grip the hilt , over the powerful muscle of the arm to the chisele chest , and we pull back to reveal the adult conan , stare down at the slaver from atop a horse . artus enter frame and look up at the barbarian . artus conan , I be tell the man you seek be not here . why attack ? * * +e + % eh of * + % 108 conan no man should live in chain . conan raise he sword high in the air , give the signal to the other pirate . we cut to the exist shot of conan with sword raise and messantia in the background [ ... and the rock begin to roll . ] int . messantia - alehouse - night conan squint through haze at the captain , catch only glimpsis through the mob . he 's familiar : the distinctive way he roll he neck . the mask that cover he nose . [ as shot ] a hush fall over the rowdy crowd . slave girl ( 0.c . ) ( gasp ) the captain of the guard ! { then after ela and conan fight the surly guard ] conan offer he wrist in surrender . as the guard hesitates to shackle he ... conan take I to you captain , or die where you stand . sand warrior ext . shahpur outpost - day from afar the crumble stone structure seem abandon and lifeless . a wisp of smoke rise from behind the wall . ext . shahpur outpost - courtyard - day { as shot ] the shahpur outpost be once a work fortress , and rickety scaffold , ladder and platform remain . on the ground sit load dock , old farm and construction equipment . a few torch burn on the wall . conan stand and wait . behind he tamara stand bound to a post like a prisoner . eh of + % 109 conan study he surroundings . he look right and see ... one of several torch , burn . conan look leave and see ... pool of tar leak from barrel . '' + . [ then at the end of the fight sequence ] on tamara she hide behind fall debris , and she watch ... khalar and conan [ as shot ] khalar deliver a kick to conan 's chest , and he spin in slow motion and fall hard to the ground . khalar move toward conan . khalar be ready for the kill . on conan poison and weak , conan lock eye with tamara , and nods ... on tamara she dash from she hide place , grab the burning torch , and toss it to he ... on conan he catch it and hurl the torch at the pool of oily tar . on the barrel the tar ignite and flame rush towards the barrel ! on conan and tamara tamara help conan to he foot . conan run! as they bolt ... wider on the outpost [ as shot ] kaboom !!! the barrel explode into flame . khalar dive for cover . on conan and tamara [ as shot ] conan and tamara scramble up scaffold to the top of the rear outpost wall . atop the wall [ as shot ] tamara stop at the edge - a vertiginous drop to cliff and a raging sea . tamara hesitates ... on artus - in the boat artus by mitra ... jump ! wide on the cliff [ as shot ] conan and tamara leap off the wall , plummete down toward the harbor below . on conan and tamara they land in the ocean water and sink ... on the ocean surface like a life guard , tamara clutches a semi-conscious conan and drag he across the ocean towards the boat . climax on the bridge int . ruins of acheron - ancient bridge conan and tamara flee out onto a thin wooden bridge that span the crevice , and below it be the fiery vortex . the bridge be make of flat rotting panel , suspend by ancient chain and propped up by crack girder . khalar zym ( 0.c. ) barbarian ! as they hesitate , turn back at the sound of khalar 's voice , the panel splinter beneath tamara 's foot ... ... and she fall through . the chain trail after she into the hole ... on tamara tamara plummet ... on conan «+. conan lunge for the chain . on tamara ... she be yanked to a full stop . she dangle under the bridge by she manacle wrist . she look down in terror at the yawn abyss . on conan he clutches the end of the chain and he be nearly pull into the hole himself ... .-. but with he free hand he drive corin 's sword into the wood , anchore himself . it take all he strength to hold on . but then , the barbarian look up to see , emerge out of cloud of dust and fall rubble ... khalar zym arm raise , he step out upon the bridge and call out the final verse , complete the ritual . khalar zym maliva , I summon you here ! on the ruins as if respond to he word , the ruin rattle and hum . on the bridge a fierce wind rise from the depth . around they million of glow ember stream up in swarm and float slowly down like fiery confetti . under the bridge - on tamara her eye flicker and roll back as maliva 's spirit wash over she . but she resist . she scream and shake she head in defiance . her eye return to normal . int . ruins of acheron - ancient bridge - continuous khalar stride towards conan in triumph . khalar once again , the little cimmerian boy be catch hold a chain . * conan look down to ... tamara ..- dangle beneath he like a spider on a thread . her body convulse and twitches as she struggle against the demonic spirit take hold of she . it 's get worse . tamara his witch possess I ! on conan and khalar calmly , khalar stand over conan . khalar zym Boy , there be no shame in kneel before I . with one hand on the chain and the other hold he sword conan can neither fight nor pull she up . khalar place he hand on conan 's hand the grip the chain . on tamara wave of heat sizzle she skin . the hem of she clothing be start to light aflame . tamara 's eye roll back , and she face change shape as maliva flow through she . tamara I can not fight she . Drop the chain ! on conan and khalar khalar 's voice be as silky and convincing as a serpent . khalar zym and let another die in you place like you father ? tamara let go , conan ! Drop I and kill he ! conan can not strike . he can not let go . his fully extend arm shake from the torque and strain . he can not win ... khalar smile , know full well conan would never let go . on tamara eye blank , she hairline recede to reveal the witch long forehead , maliva have overcome she . she hiss in delight . 113 around she black ash and glowing ember swirl and undulate like a swarm of insect . scald wind whip she hair . she crawl up the chain towards conan ... on conan and khalar conan drive he sword point - first into the wooden panel . but just as khalar step forward to take the chain ... khalar zym I warn he that I would one day be a god . conan and my father warn you ... conan pull back he blade stick in the panel . just like corin 's blade in the ice , it work like a lever , cracking the wood under khalar 's feet . conan God or not ... khalar lose he balance , extend he arm at he side to keep from fall through to the abyss . conan ++. you will fall . conan swing corin 's sword and shatter the mask . the bridge buckle and break . khalar fall . close on khalar - following he as he fall mouth still gnash and arm still thrashing in shock and rage , khalar tumble into the vortex . on the mask as the shard of the mask fall into the vortex ... on tamara ...- maliva 's spirit dissipate . the spell be break . tamara 's face become normal . on conan use both hand he draw the chain up . on tamara - intercut as conan pull , tamara reach up to he ... on conan conan grab she hand and scoops she up through the hole . she groggy and disorient , but she be still alive . as he hold she in he arm , they eye lock . just as it seem as if conan be about to kiss she ... the vortex rumble . the bridge buckle and shake . great fissure appear in the ruin . boulder fall from above . wide on the bridge conan and tamara race off the bridge . maze of pillar conan and tamara flee as ruin collapse . int . acheronian ruins - various level - night the ancient city crumble and the fissure open wide . staircase , column and archway fall into the abyss . ext . skull cave - dawn conan and tamara ride along the shore away from the cave . behind they the Skull face of the cave collapse and implode in a final dramatic quake and thunderous boom . ext . shoreline - dawn wide on the beach as they continue to ride across the sand . dissolve to : ext . hyrkania - day conan slow the horse to a stop . tamara dismount . in the distance be a monastery surround by lush field and idyllic wood . tamara so , my master be right , conan . you do take I home . she take he hand and kiss it , but then she step back . she look up at he , sullen and strong . tamara now go ... and seek life . I be content . with a touch of sadness , tamara watch conan ride off . ext . rocky bluff - day - final shot version # 1 we iconic hero 's exit shot : as the narration begin conan ride up the bluff towards we until he fill frame . for a moment he pause , iconic , mythic , and bold . he hold he father 's sword by the hilt . narrator hither come conan the cimmerian , he father 's sword in hand ... then as the narration continue we pull back . as we move farther and farther away , conan get 's smaller and smaller , until the hero be obscure by swirl mist , and he fade away like a ghost . narrator .+.a thief , a slayer , a son bear of battle , to tread the shadow - guard tomb and ride the battle - ravage earth where he would one day rise as King . ext . corin 's forge - day - final shot version # 2 now all that remain of the cimmerian village be a circle of stone hearths , crumble chimney , and rusted metal scrap . we pan over the remain of the forge to the stone mold , where corin 's sword be pore . it still have the shape of a blade . conan approach the stone mold and hearth as if it be a tombstone , run he finger over the edge . close on the stone on the stone conan place a single , unbroken raven 's egg . + % ee on conan - [ with optional narration ] narrator hither come conan the cimmerian , he father 's sword in hand ... conan crouch on the grounds , hold he father 's sword , wave and thrust and spare , just as he do as a boy . as the sun set behind he and the blade flash , conan look larger than life - a mythic and timeless icon . narrator .+.a thief , a slayer , a son bear of battle , to tread the shadow - guard tomb and ride the battle - ravage earth where he would one day rise as King . we pull back and pan up as he raise the sword to the sky . +e eh ff *