conan the barbarian written by Thomas Dean donnelly &amp ; joshua oppenheimer base on the writings of Robert E. Howard October 7 , 2009 over black : in the darkness , we hear the solitary sound of a heartbeat , resounding like a drum . narrator ( v.o ) in between the year when the ocean drank atlantis and the rise of the son of aryas , there be a age undream of , when shine kingdom lay spread across the world like blue mantle under the star . hither come conan , the cimmerian : a thief , a slayer , a king bear of battle . muffled sound , as if underwater , echo : clanging sword , the guttural cry of combat . unborn baby eye close , float at peace within red glow of the womb . suddenly , a flash of steel , as a sword pierce the womb , its tip not a inch from the baby 's head . as the sword be rip out , light stream in from outside , we travel with it , into the din of battle . ext . cimmeria - muddy field - day a blonde-haire , armored aesir raider withdraw the bloody sword from the stomach of islene , a wild - mane cimmerian beauty , many month pregnant , now clutching she bloody stomach . across a muddy battlefield , the air a maelstrom of fall snowflake and ember from tree aflame , the powerfully build corin rally he fellow cimmerian , until he spot islene . corin islene !!! wield a broadsword , rune etched into its surface , corin cut a bloody path through he enemy , he eye never leave islene . the aesir stand over islene laugh as she claw at the earth behind she , try to pull herself away . aesir now , now little whore . do I get you or you little one ? 2 . islene 's hand reach back once again -- and it find a fall warrior 's sword . in one fluid motion she swing the sword around she body and drive it into the gap in the aesir 's armor -- at he groin . islene I would ask you the same . the aesir howl in agony , raise he sword to deliver the kill blow -- when another sword pierce he chest . the aesir fall , revealing corin stand behind he . corin throw aside he horn helmet , and fall to he knee beside islene , check she wound . when he pull he hand back they be coat in blood . they eye meet . torment . loss . they both know . she pull a knife from the fold of she pelt , put it in he hand . islene ( cont 'd ) take you child . corin I cannot . islene look to she naked belly . the baby inside press against its womb , a visible impression on she flesh . islene there be no time , husband . I would see my child 's face . islene 's eye flutter as she struggle . corin lower the knife . islene 's eye lock with corin 's as he put the knife to use . never once do she scream . a moment later , corin lift the cry , blood - cover boy up through the fall snowflake to islene 's lap . islene ( cont 'd ) a boy . he will be strong . a warrior with no equal . corin do not speak , love . islene you have never be able to still my tongue , and you will not this day . he will be wild , corin . you must temper he . she share one kiss with she child , its first taste not of mother 's milk , but of she blood . 3. islene ( cont 'd ) ( fading ) conan . his--name--is--conan. conan the boy' eye be as deep and blue as the Eastern Sea . title card : conan CUT to : ext . cimmerian village - day a small cimmerian village lie in a heavily forest valley , a redoubt from the icy mountain surround it . round wooden hut surround a stone - line pit , where young cimmerian boy , age 12 - 15 stand . pollen drift through the air , give it a ethereal haze . at the center of the pit uran , a elder cimmerian warrior speak . uran a cimmerian warrior be like any other man . a cimmerian warrior feel hunger . he feel cold . like other man he may lie and cheat . ( stare the boy down ) but when a cimmerian warrior hunger , he hunger only for the blood of he enemy . when he feel cold , it be the cold steel of he sword . when he lie , he lie in wait for he enemy . and when he cheat , he cheat death itself ! uran stop at the end of the line , where a boy stand a good two head smaller than the rest . he be no more than eight , but he face be as stoic , drive . uran ( cont 'd ) conan ! you be too young to be here . withdraw . conan , determine , do not move a inch . the largest teen menacingly step up to the smaller boy . largest teen he say leave , motherless whelp . 4. the hulk teen go to shove conan , but conan pull he arm towards he , lash out with he other hand , punch the teen in the throat . the large boy go down hard , hand and knee , gasp for air . a smatter of laugh erupt from the boy , quickly silence by uran 's stare . uran hand out river stone to each boy , end with conan . the boy know what to do : they put the large stone in they mouth . uran in the black crag in the high pass stand a wooden training sword . the one who claim it , with stone still in he mouth , will have earn the right to train with the warrior . the boy look at each other , size up the competition . uran ( cont 'd ) well ? what be you wait for ?! and off they run . they knock each other down , punch the other 's stomach , each try to force the other to expel they stone . one or two succeed . most of the remain boy run for the trail that wind high into the mountain . but a few head right for the sheer cliff face . conan follow the one head to the cliff . cliff face and when the cimmerian boy climb , it be a sight to behold . they find crack we can barely see and scale the smooth rock face as though it be a ladder . the hulk teen reach for the same handhold as conan , try to knock he off . conan swing with one hand and find another path . in moment he be ahead . ext . forest - day conan be in the lead as he crest the cliff top , the bigger boy right behind he . they race through the forest , head uphill -- when conan spot movement ahead . he pause -- 5 . and the large teen elbow past conan , into the lead . the boy run two pace more and suddenly fly off he foot , a axe lodge squarely in he forehead . all the boy stop . out of the dense forest come four pictish savage cover with fearsome war paint and armed with dual hand axe , the rotting head of they enemy be sling at they waist . the boy spit out the rock in they mouth and yell . they turn and run in the opposite direction . only conan do not move , even as another boy pull at he . cimmerian boy conan ! run! but conan simply pull the axe from he large boy 's skull . he turn to face the pict , he eye burn . the pict laugh and charge conan . CUT to : later corin arrive with uran and other armed cimmerian warrior . they get a brief glimpse of a single pict , escape in the other direction . one of the cimmerian take off in pursuit . corin desperately search for he son . corin conan ? conan ?! conan step forward from out of a thicket , he body cover in pict blood . Three pict lie massacre , the body hack to piece . corin ( cont 'd ) what have you do , boy ? conan walk past the other stunne cimmerian , up to he father . conan spit out the bloody stone from he mouth . conan they kill one . I kill three . I be a warrior now . uran and the other cimmerian man exchange worried glance . look at the carve up body of the pict , they be aghast . conan look confuse . why be not they happy ? 6 . corin a warrior ? what you have do a jackal would do . never a warrior . conan they would have do the same -- corin as I say , jackal . ( to uran ) he be not ready . I will forge he myself . CUT to : training montage : conan be test under corin 's watchful eye : - forced to sleep in the snow , while he father keep warm inside . - a heavy boulder on he shoulder blade while he balance on wet river rock . - climb a cliff face , he bare hand leave blood behind on the jag rock . int . cimmerian forge - day flame reflect in the blue eye of conan as he work the bellow of the forge . spark buzz like angry firefly as he stoke the blaze . corin sharpen a sword , perfect it . conan can not take he eye off it , step away from the bellow . corin stoke you fire , boy . conan slam the bellow close , anger rise . conan " stoke you fire , chop you wood . " I have sleep where wolf dare not . I have balanced a thousand river stone . when will you teach I the sword ? corin stare he son in the eye . judge . 7. corin think you be ready ? then tell I : what be a sword 's purpose ? conan to slay one enemy . corin no . that be what it do . its purpose be why you use it . he toss conan two lump of ore . corin ( cont 'd ) tell I , which make the best sword ? conan take the two lump , testing they . he hand he father back one . corin ( cont 'd ) the stronger ore , eh ? then we shall make a sword of it , and tomorrow you will show I what brute strength yield . CUT to : ext . field - dusk with a set sun silhouett the two , conan attack corin . conan attack with fury . corin defend with grace . until the boy overextend and corin slashes down a counterattack that shatter conan' sword . corin simply turn and walk away , leave conan to puzzle what happen . corin lower he sword and walk away , leave conan to puzzle what happen . int . corin' forge - night conan work the bellow , put he back into it . corin place both ore in the furnace where they begin to melt . conan why do it break ? 8. corin because it have no life . CUT to : spark fly as corin pound on the glow edge of the sword with hammer . corin nod at conan , who sprinkle the glow blade with ash . corin ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the strongest blade be not make of the hardest steel , boy . the hardest ore be what a man will die for . it be strong and unyield . it neither cower nor concede . but without the softer ore , it can be shattered like glass . CUT to : steam rise as corin lower the blade into a freezing slack tub , only to place it right back into the flame . corin ( cont 'd ) the softer ore be what a man life for . it be flexible and last . it survive , even against the great of foe . but too much of the soft ore , the blade will not cut deep enough when it must . CUT to : corin fashion the blade 's hilt , engrave the guard and pommel . it be a work of art . corin ( cont 'd ) a sword must be tempere , the two ore united through fire and ice . through its suffer the sword come to hold both life and death . corin hand conan the sword . corin ( cont 'd ) now tell I , what be this sword 's purpose ? conan furrow he brow , try to puzzle the answer . he can not . corin 's disappointment show . he take the sword from conan 's hand . corin ( cont 'd ) this one be not ready yet . 9 . blood rush to conan 's face but he say nothing . he rush out . ext . mountain lake - day frustrate , conan slashes through a field of reed , cut everything within reach of he , expend he rage . behind he something move in the forest . we catch just a glimpse of the pict , the same one that escape conan in the earlier scene . conan 's instinct cause he to spin around -- but then there 's nothing there . int . cimmerian scout post - day built into the side of a huge tree , fifty foot up , this wooden structure house two cimmerian sentries . a bird cry in the wood , cause one of the sentries to investigate . thwick ! he suddenly stand up straight , unmove . the one still sit in the structure notice . cimmerian sentry see something ? the stand sentry fall backwards , revealing a arrow pierce he right eye . shock , the remain sentry reach for the warning horn mount on the wall . but as he reach for it , he shadow become three dimensional , morphing into a shadow scout a thin , feral humanoid , body cover in tattoo , from the deep jungle of Zingara . the scout lash out with he black sword and cut straight across the sentry 's throat . this shadow scout 's name be remo . ext . scout post - day remo exit and stare down at cheren , a blind archer clad in lamellar armor and a conical sedge hat . cheren have a arrow notched and ready , but somehow he know not to fire . cheren lower he bow and let out a bird whistle -- 10 . and the forest come alive . the force be a odd combination ; massive kushite tribesmen , dark -skin savage from the savannah of kush , and a legion of aquilonian mercenary , heavily armored knight draw from the city of aquilonia . they leader , respectively , be the six foot - five kushite chief ukafa , gold - toothe , he body paint for battle , and the handsome , silver - armored aquilonian lucius . ukafa that 's the last of they guard tower . lucius all this sneaking around for a lowly tribe of barbarian . khalar singh ( o.s. ) this lowly tribe of barbarian have bury every warrior ever to set foot on this land , lucius . khalar singh , a warlord atop a black horse , ride through the fog-shroude tree . he bear a nomadic visage , with tan skin and almond - shape eye . while he voice be calm , he eye burn with malice . lucius that be only because they have never face my legion . khalar regards lucius with amusement . khalar singh then show we . but should you fail , remember the plan . lucius scowl as he deliver a bow to khalar Singh . ext . cimmerian village - day corin walk out of the forge , look around for conan . various other cimmerian go about the daily routine , but conan be nowhere to be see . corin conan ? 11 . corin look to the ridge above the village , notice a thick fog creep in . the fog curl and eddyy , something be out there . suddenly , lucius and he legion of silver - armored warrior burst out of the fog , attack with speed and strength . but the cimmerian be hardly catch flat foote . in second they be armed , and they counter the charge with a furious charge of they own . slam ! sword and bone collide as the two enemy front smash into each other . and the battle devolve into one - on- one -- where the barbarian have the upper hand . uran and corin lead the main push of battle - frenzied barbarian as they swing they huge broadsword , extend they reach advantage over the aquilonian 's short weapon . and quickly , the aquilonian 's number be cut in half . corin square off against lucius himself . lucius be sweat . worried . it be not suppose to be this hard . lucius retreat ! as a unit , the aquilonian race back into the wood . in second , the cimmerian give chase in wild pursuit . corin wait ! hold you ground ! but it 's too late , nearly half the cimmerian warrior be go on the chase . ext . cliff face - day lucius and the aquilonian race up to a sheer cliff face . nowhere leave to run . they turn to see the cimmerian gather in front of they . uran death be in the air , invader . can you taste it ? lucius ( smile ) indeed . I savor it . uran notice something be wrong . his eye go skyward . atop the cliff stand cheren and a dozen more of he blind archer , bow at the ready with flaming arrow . 12 . they let the arrow fly , streaking ball of flame head right for the cimmerian . but they do not hit they . they hit the tree trunk beside they . and for a moment , the cimmerian look relieved , until they notice small bag of a black substance tie to the arrow . the flame lick at the substance -- kaboom ! the forest erupt into flame as the cimmerian warrior be burn alive . ext . mountain lake - day conan spin , start by the sound of the explosion . he see flame rise above the treetop beyond . he race back home . ext . cimmerian village - day corin see the flame in the distance as well . suddenly , ukafa and he kushite warrior erupt out of the forest . armed with fearsome barb spear they charge the remain cimmerian , savage against savage . but the kushite be not alone . from behind the cimmerian come , akhun , a massive four hundred pound of flesh , wear loop of chain like armor , lead he turbane turanian horsemen into the village . the cimmerian women arm themselves , but the horseman attack with nine tailed whip pull they sword from they hand and drag they to the ground . the horseman quickly gather up the woman while ukafa and he man keep the cimmerian warrior all too occupy . conan conan rush through a river , now tinged red with blood , and reach the far end of the village . hut burn , woman be chain , only a handful of cimmerian still stand . lucius and he aquilonian mercenary be help the spearmen slay the wounded . conan grab a fall sword and rush for the nearest aquilonian and run he through . a zingaran spot he and rush he with he spear . conan ready himself for the charge -- 13 . when the Zingaran lose he head , lopped off by corin 's blade . conan Father ! corin come . corin , sport a deep gash to he abdomen , pull a reluctant conan from the battle , back toward the forge . int . forge - day the flame of the forge still burn as corin push conan into the room . he bolt the door behind he . conan do we need more weapon ? corin drop he sword , then struggle to lift a heavy grate in the dirt floor . beneath it a trough of cool water lead under the hut and away from the village . corin go . there be a hunt lodge in the North pass with provision . conan no ! I will fight ! corin grab conan by he tunic , pull he up to he face . corin 's eye be half - craze . corin this fight be over , but yours have just begin . you want to be a warrior of the tribe , conan - - now you must be its last . conan Father , I be not afraid to die . corin good . make you death have purpose . boom . something slam at the door . it do not budge . again , boom . a shadow appear under the door , slide into the forge , and materializing into the form of remo . remo quickly slide away the bolt . 14 . in rush enter lucius and ukafa . corin and conan face they attacker , fight in close quarter . lucius rush at conan , only for conan to duck under he attack and -- throw he in the fiery forge . lucius scream in agony , rise up to reveal half of he formerly handsome face burn to a crisp . corin fight ukafa to a standstill , until remo emerge from the shadow behind he and drive a short sword into he back . corin fall to he knee . conan no ! lucius deliver a massive backhand , send conan fly backwards -- and demolosh one of the Forge 's main support beam . half of the forge come crash down on top of conan , pin he bleed form to the ground , just a few foot from he fall father . enrage , lucius turn he anger to corin , raise he sword to deliver the kill blow . khalar singh ( o.s. ) I say I want a word with he . lucius stay he hand as khalar Singh step into the forge . beside he stand the pict who escape from conan earlier , grin from ear to ear . khalar Singh hand he a bag of gold . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) as promise . pict ( strange dialect - subtitled ) they head . you promise I they head . khalar singh all you wish , once we be go . the pict nod and head off , draw he knife . khalar Singh stare down at corin , size he up . corin lift up into a sit position , back to the forge . 15 . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) I take no pleasure in this day , barbarian . you people be fierce warrior , deserve of every story tell of they . but now you must choose the story for yourself . I be khalar Singh . my army be handpick from the best hyboria . my second , ukafa , and he kushite horde . remo and he shadow scout from the jungle of Zingara . and countless other . they all have a day like this one . they all choose a way forward . into the forge walk cherin and akhun . the lieutenant stand behind corin , eyeing corin with malice . corin catch a glimpse of conan , bury but stare back at he , unable to move . corin quickly turn away , careful not to give he son away . corin what be it you want ? khalar singh I seek neither gold nor steel , but flesh and blood . the last of a royal line that go back three thousand year . corin laugh . corin royalty in cimmeria ? never . each man be free here . khalar singh but I seek a woman . khalar look outside the door of the forge . the cimmerian woman be be herde by the slaver . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) a queen in hide . Point she out and you will spare the life of you own . perhaps even you wife ? corin my wife be kill , long ago , by swine such as you . khalar nod , understanding . 16 . khalar singh then we storey begin in the same place , cimmerian . I too lose my wife to marauder . how many man , in how many land have suffer so ? the only answer be power , strength unfetter , the kind of which can unite all hyboria under a single crown . that be the legacy I seek . will you join I ? it 's a powerful , convincing speech . but corin hold he tongue , unmove . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) very well . then death will be you story . you man will die . and you woman too , when I be do with they . none will survive to carry you name forth , and over time , even you enemy will forget you ever be . you will be wipe from the page of history . ( to he man ) take you blood , but leave the kill . one by one , the lieutenant beat and stab corin , take pleasure in he pain . conan struggle , try to move , to yell , to do anything other than lie there . but a huge timber lie upon he back , pin he to the ground . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) fariq ! come ! enter the wreck forge be fariq , the six year old son to khalar Singh . he stare at corin 's bleed form with the dispassion of a sociopath . khalar pick up the sword corin and conan have forge together , the one corin take away . he admire it , then hand it to he son . he keep a hand on it as it be too heavy for he son to lift alone . he instruct he son as if teach he multiplication . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) before you lie we enemy . his tribe wait for he in the beyond . what would you do ? 17 . fariq I would cut out he eye , father , so that he will not find they . so he will wander the afterlife forever . khalar smile . khalar singh show I you strength , fariq . without it , you will never rule . with it , you will never be forget . fariq drive the sword into corin be eye . corin do not make a sound . once fariq have rip out corin 's eye , khalar run corin through . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) you have you desire . death have find you . corin spit out he last word , also mean for conan . corin soon -- it come for you . conan' Pov conan glimpsis around the face of khalar and he man , each image sear into he memory as if ablaze . khalar singh burn this place . it no longer exist . CUT to : ext . cimmerian village - day the forge be light afire from a half dozen torch , throw onto its roof and inside its window . khalar and the other watch as the building roar into flame . int . forge - day smoke fill the air . conan struggle , still unable to move . he cough , die . but then the fire collapse more of the forge , and the fall beam shatter the one that pin conan to the ground . 18 . slowly , painfully , conan drag himself into the cool trough that run beneath the hut . fade to black . ext . cimmerian village - day conan exit the forge only to see the entire village burn . the body of everyone he have ever know litter the landscape . nothing stir . until he hear a strange chopping SOUND . the pict conan spot the pict , who be decapitate a dead cimmerian warrior , add to the collection of head at he tattooe waist . the pict do not notice as conan slip up behind he , then run he through . as the wide - eye pict die , conan take the sword and cut a notch into he arm . dissolve to : notched arm where there be once a single notch , there be now five such notches , on a much broad arm that struggle to pin another powerful look arm . int . bar - messantia - night a raucous bar on the argossean waterfront . out the window we see a port line with shemish galley and junk from kush . the bar be fill with the hearty sailor and merchant of that ship , and that who desire to part they from they hard - earn money ; Zamoran thief , hyborean mercenary and brythunian whore . most of they watch the arm wrestle match take place at the back of the bar . a pair of CITY guard , short sword sheathed at they side , enter the bar and be immediately summon over by the harry barkeep . barkeep he 's back there . the barkeep motion to the arm wrestler . 19 . CITY guard # 1 what 's this one do ? barkeep what 's he do ?! what have not he do ? he 's bedd six of my whore and finish off three cask of mead -- and he have not pay so much as a silver piece for it . CITY guard # 1 so have you man deal with he . barkeep I do . behind the bar , six man each hold down two hulking men yelling in agony as they horribly break arm be snap back into place . CITY guard # 2 sound like a real problem . too bad we have other place to be right now . the barkeep shake he head , know the routine . he slip a pair of silver piece into the soldier 's hand . barkeep just get that behemoth out of here . the two City Guards make they way to the back of the bar . his back to they , the drunken man they be after struggle to pin he opponent , cobras beneath each of they wrist , ready to strike at the loser . a pair of voluptuous whore watch , caress the drunken man 's sinewy back . the drunken man yell in fury as he slam the other man' hand down upon the cobra , which immediately bite its prey . as the soldier arrive , the drunken victor throw he tankard of ale at the barkeep , who 's now back behind the bar . drunken man piss -water ! you will serve my friend and I you best , barman , or you will taste steel ! CITY guard # 1 time to leave , northerner . the drunken man turn as the City Guard put a hand on he shoulder . 20 . conan the gangly fifteen year old boy have grow into a powerfully build man , broad - shoulder with sun brown skin line with battle scar . only the pierce blue eye and square cut black mane remain from the boy we last see . conan stand to he full height , loom over the smaller City Guards , who instinctively take a step back . conan no , my small friend . it 's time to die . now -- conan sway . the room spin . he fall on he face . conan ( cont 'd ) who 's first -- CUT to : ext . STREET - night conan , unconscious , be drag down the street by the two City Guards . CITY guard # 1 ( struggling ) by the god , he 's as heavy as a horse . CITY guard # 2 even a dead horse smell better than this . ext . prison yard - night the City Guards drag conan into a broad prison yard . many of the inmate be shackle together , hack with pick at the rock wall on they work detail . that in no condition to break rock be leave in they own filth to rot . some be even dead already , the rat gnaw at the remain . int . prison guardhouse - night the two City Guards drag conan into the guardhouse , where a lieutenant sit eat he dinner . the Lieutenant do not even bother to look up from he meal . 21 . lieutenant what 's the charge ? CITY guard # 2 Public drunkenness . another damn hill ape who can not handle he liquor . lieutenant be that so , boy ? how do you plead ? conan yawn in response . one of the City Guards slap conan , hard , across the face . conan slowly open he eye . conan where 's the Captain of the Guard ? scream of pain come from down the hall , past a lock door . lieutenant in the cell , interrogate a prisoner . and you will get the same if you do not answer . you be accuse of public drunkenness . how do you plead ? conan in truth , I have be guilty of much . jewel steal from the crown of king , man 's head split in battle for the price of a night 's drink . but through that I have searched and wait and hunt my prey . suddenly conan shift upright , look more sober than he do a moment ago . conan ( cont 'd ) but drink ? have not have a drop all night . the guard hold conan up by he arm , suddenly find that arm wrap around they head . twist , twist . SNAP . SNAP . he break both they neck in a instant . the Lieutenant be horrify . he go for he sword . conan bat it out of he hand , slamm he head against the back wall . conan ( cont 'd ) the key to the cell . 22 . lieutenant I do not have it . there 's a guard inside the door . only he can open it . conan pick up the Lieutenant 's sword . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) you can not kill I ! he will only open the door for I ! a flash of steel as conan deliver a blow . CUT to : int . cell - night a guard sit on a stool next to a heavy metal door . behind he , the captain of the guard beat a chain one - eyed prisoner to a pulpy mess . there 's a knock at the door . guard # 1 what be it ? muffled voice ( o.s. ) need to see the Captain . the Guard exhales , frustrated . he stand up , get he key out . he stop . open the small eyehole to see into the other room . the Lieutenant stare back at he . guard # 1 Fine , fine . he open the door -- only to see conan stand there , hold the decapitate head of the Lieutenant . the shocked Guard go for he sword . conan swing the Lieutenant 's head , smash it into the Guard 's jaw and put he down for the count . that 's when the Captain of the Guard turn around . and we recognize he ! he 's lucius , the disfigure aquilionian who be one of khalar Singh 's lieutenant . lucius Men ! 23 . from around a corner come five more Guards , draw they weapon . lucius draw he as well . lucius ( cont 'd ) you have make a huge mistake , ape . you will never make it out of this place . conan I come for you , lucius . lucius nod to the guard , who advance on conan . lucius you talk as though you know I , ape . conan I do . and I be no ape . I be cimmerian . as recognition cross lucius ' face , conan spring into action . he kick the table at the man , send the knife and other torture implement fly right into the first guard . the second guard try leaping over the fall table . conan just grab he in midair and throw he even faster into the iron band of the prisoner cell . lucius lunge at conan , conan step in on he , grab he sword hand . in a show of strength , he twist lucius ' own sword until point down at the floor , then thrust it through lucius ' foot and deep into the wood floor below . lucius bellows in pain , pin to the spot . the next three Guards rush forward , force conan to deal with three weapon attack at once . the first to strike swing a mace and chain that wrap around conan 's sword and he try to yank it free from conan 's grip . instead , conan pull he in a wide circle , send he fly into a wall - mount torch . the guard burn like dry kindling . the second to strike hit conan on he sword hand , carve a deep gash and cause he to drop he sword . conan turn to face he , eye fill with rage . the guard 's face go pale . conan head butt he with all he might and the guard go down , bleed from mouth , nose and ear . 24 . however , the last Guard be upon conan before he can react . the powerful soldier use the shaft of he poleax to lift conan off he foot and back against the far wall , pin by the neck . conan struggle to breathe , the polearm shaft drive he throat into the wall . the thickness of the cimmerian 's neck give he time to reach into he bracer , pull out a hide knife which he bury into the guardsman 's eye . CUT to : lucius scream in pain as conan pour water on the burn guard , and lift the table back onto its leg . then he pull the sword out of the floor , a thick plume of blood rise out of lucius ' now liberated foot . conan take lucius ' face and smashes it against the table . lucius look , aghast , as conan take he injure hand and place it over the torch flame , searing the wound close . the cimmerian never even bat a eye . lucius what do you want ? who be you ? conan turn he face to the burnt side . conan I be the one who make you pretty . lucius impossible ! you be dead ! conan show lucius the five scar run down he forearm . conan no . I be death . and I come a long way for you . conan lift the sword . lucius wait !! wait !! ( conan pause ) I can tell you where the rest be . conan where ? lucius the end of the earth . you kill I , and you will never find they . 25 . conan who be you offer ? lucius who do you think ? all of they . ukafa , remo , cheren , akhun -- and khalar Singh himself . but you have to swear you will not kill I . conan think about it . conan you have my word . you tell I where I will find khalar Singh , and I will not kill you . conan let lucius go . lucius hobble to he chair . lucius he be in a city call on the edge of the Eastern Sea . on the edge of hyboria . khor khalba . conan look he in he eye , size he up . he like what he see . in a flash , conan grab lucius ' head again , yanking it back , expose he throat . lucius ( cont 'd ) you give you word ! conan rip a SMALL key from a large key . he drop it in lucius ' throat . the big man choke instantly . a second later , conan pour ale from a flagon down he throat as well . lucius swallow the key , gasp for breath as conan release he . lucius ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! conan toast , to we deal . conan swing he sword and cut the one eyed prisoner from the wall . conan ( cont 'd ) go . you be free . one - Eye look at he wrist and ankle , still hobble by shackle . one -eyed prisoner I will not get far like this . 26 . conan hand he a fall guardsman 's sword . conan the key to you shackle sit in the Captain 's gut . happy hunt . the one - eyed prisoner grin with malice . as he close in on the terrify lucius , conan head for the door . lucius barbarian ! I have you word ! you say you would spare my life ! conan no . I say I would not kill you . we hear lucius scream of pain as conan walk out into the night , cut another notch into he arm . CUT to : ext . desert sandstorm - day khalar singh look older . worn . he squint as he stare into a howling sandstorm . ukafa trudge through the deep sand to reach he . the sandstorm be so blind we do not see he until he be less than five foot away . ukafa khalar Singh , we have lose half we cavalry legion , and still fariq press on ! we must turn back ! khalar singh he say the Queen be here . ukafa he lead we in circle . he know nothing of lead a army -- khalar singh take care , ukafa . you hold a special place in my kingdom , but blood you be not . ukafa my apology , khalar Singh . I be simply concerned for you army . 27 . khalar singh and I would gladly sacrifice every last man to get my hand on the Queen . and in that respect , fariq have my confidence . he know more of the legend of acheron than anyone . suddenly , two form race at they from the blind sand . remo and fariq . no longer a child , fariq be now a man in he twenty , but he be hardly the strong warrior he father be . his frame be slight , he eye beady . fariq Father , they be here ! the hide oasis , just as it be write . khalar Singh look to remo for confirmation . the misshapen and shadowy remo nod . ext . cave tunnel - day remo and fariq lead khalar and ukafa into a natural tunnel carve out of rock . Inside , the sandstorm no longer rage . and on the other side of the tunnel -- ext . oasis - continuous a protect rock oasis , heavy vegetation crawl up the encircle cliff wall , herd of sheep graze on field of grass . at its far end , beyond a deep blue pond , lie a Greek - influence monastery and several tile - roof , mud-brick house . and move between the pool be men and women go about they simple chore . they wear long flow white linen robe and turban . the air and sand be perfectly still within the perimeter of the oasis . but beyond it , the sandstorm rage all around , sand hurl violently hundred of foot into the air , swirl around the oasis as though it be the eye of some mystical hurricane , protect by a unseen force . a row of robe young women kneel in front of one of the reflect pool , quietly read from prayer book and softly strike they right breast with a leave hand wrap in thorns . one girl , ilira , mischievously tap the shoulder of the girl next to she with she thorn . the girl , tamara , squeal in pain , angry she prayer be interrupt . 28 . ilira be the fun-love dilettante of the relationship . tamara the studious good girl . tamara stop it ! I be try to pray ! ilira I be bored . tamara then hit yourself . tamara hit ilira back with she thorn . ilira squeal , then hit a grin tamara back . tamara grab she , but as they tussle -- fassir ( o.s. ) be that how one show penitence ? both girl instantly stop as fassir appear behind they . fassir be a elder monk and leader of the monastery . he shake he head , both out of fondness and disappointment . fassir ( cont 'd ) I expect more from a queen . ilira I be sorry , fassir . I just tire of say the same prayer every day . fassir then you should be able to translate it from its original acheronian . ilira 's face scrunches , unsure . tamara step in to help ilira save face . tamara of course she can . she even teach it to I . " never again . " fassir go on . tamara never again will we stand by as darkness consume the world . never again will innocent suffer for other ' power . never again will the Queen suffer so acheron may rise . 29 . fassir very good , tamara . you must have teach she very well indeed , ilira . a smile on fassir 's face confirm he know the truth . suddenly , the monastery 's bell ring out . a moment later , a temple explode in flame . pour out from the swirl sand come khalar Singh 's army . cheren and he archer stand atop khalar 's man of war a massive siege engine atop which cheren and he archer fire flaming arrow . the arrow arc down and explode as they impact the tile roof . sitting at the high point of the man of War , khalar Singh like what he see . chaos the monk scatter in every direction , but wherever they turn , more troops burst out of the swirl sand . a small handful of armed monk display acrobatic martial art prowess as they battle with khalar 's heavily armed force , but they be vastly outnumber . fassir grab tamara . fassir ( cont 'd ) the Queen must not be capture . take she out the North Gate . quickly ! tamara grab ilira and pull she through the flame battleground . Zingaran warrior cut down the monk while turanian horseman concentrate on the woman . ilira we can not leave they . tamara if you be catch , everything we live for be lose ! whip ! a whip encircle ilira 's waist . a massive turanian pull she to he . tamara grab the whip , pull ilira the other way . but she be no match for the huge slaver . he yank on the whip pull both of they to he -- 30 . only then do he notice tamara 's unsheathed knife which she plunge into he throat . she frees ilira and they run . int . NORTH passage - continuous a thin alleyway at the rear of the monastery , lead away from the din of battle , towards a rear gate of the oasis . tamara and ilira run for the gate , only for the shadow of the alleyway to move and shift -- remo and three of he shadow scout . they advance on the woman , draw dark shortsword . remo no sword . khalar need they alive . tamara good to know . tamara lunge for the nearest shadow scout with she knife , but when she strike , she hit nothing but shadow . it reform behind she and grab she . another grab ilira . tamara launch she body into the air , execute a backflip that put she behind the shadow scout . a quick knife strike and he go down . and with one continuous motion , she vault over the shadow scout hold tamara , cut he throat as well . remo and the remain scout give chase , blend in and out of shadow . but each time they strike , tamara defend ilira . they near the far end of the alleyway , the North gate loom ahead with the desert beyond . remo blend into another shadow -- ext . man of war - continuous remo materialize out of a shadow atop the man of War , next to cheren , the archer . remo the north gate . destroy it . cheren and the other archer turn they fire to the gate at the end of the passage . they fire a volley of fiery arrow . 31 . int . NORTH gate - continuous tamara and ilira run for the whirling sand just ahead -- when the flame arrow land before they . ilira hesitates . tamara run ! ilira we will die ! tamara we will die if we stay ! she lock eye with ilira , who nod . together they run right for the arrow . but at the last minute , ilira falter . she fall to the ground . tamara turn to see ilira lie in the gateway a moment too late . the arrow explode cause a cave in that close the gateway . ext . sandstorm - continuous tamara fall to the sand as the gate collapse behind she . she look back , only to see that ilira do not make it . tamara no !!! ext . man of war - continuous khalar Singh stare at the cloud of destruction at the north tunnel . there , one form hurry into the swirl sandstorm . khalar singh who be guard that gate ? remo it be I , Lord . 32 . khalar singh take four legion . hunt she . before I hunt you . CUT to : ext . desert - day tamara stumble through a stretch of barren wasteland , the plume of the oasis ' sandstorm now off in the distance behind she . the sun mercilessly beat down upon she face , she lip be already chap . she fall to she knee , unable to go on . she look up , as the heat stream off the desert floor , create a swirl mirage . through which the silhouette of a rider appear , follow by other . slaver caravan the horse -drawn cart of the caravan be line with iron bar , and behind the bar be a bevy of young woman , mostly look worse for wear . the head slaver ride ahead , and walk up to the heap of white cloth that be tamara . tamara Water -- please -- he lift she barely conscious head , eyeing she feature , a greasy paw examine she body . he smile . head slaver the god be good . ( to the other slaver ) chain this one in my cage . she will be the prize of the auction in khor kalba . CUT to : ext . oasis - night the man of War dominate the center of the oasis , its torch illuminate the scene before it . akhun and the turanian hold chain connect to the twenty woman monk , kneel , with they wrist chain to they neck collar . in front of they kneel fassir , beat and bloody . 33. khalar Singh , fariq , and ukafa step down from the man of War . fariq carry with he a large iron box with ornate carving on it . khalar singh all this year search the end of the earth . and here you be . just a two day ride from khor kalba . I can scarcely believe it . fassir ( in acheronian , to monk ) say nothing . khalar singh ( in acheronian ) yes . say nothing . maybe he do not know who we be . maybe he 's not look for the Queen . several of the woman look up at he , shocked . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) that 's right , my brethren , you have be lie to all you life . told you must hide yourselves , tell you be alone . I want you to look at I , and see I for what I be . a brother . a friend . I have come not to hurt you , but liberate you . fassir you come for you own dark purpose , to raise acheron . khalar singh yes . I come to resurrect the great empire hyboria have ever know . fassir a empire of evil , soak in blood sacrifice and the blackest of magic . khalar Singh become infuriate , eye blaze . khalar singh have you hide from the world so long that you cannot to see ? blood , magic , death : it be everywhere . acheron be no different than any other kingdom , but for its glory . ( more ) 34 . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) and in place of that glory , you offer shame ? I know shame , but that be before I be show my true lineage . khalar draw closer to the woman , look they each in the eye . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) when I be but a child , raider destroy my village , cut we father to ribbon , and burn we woman as sacrifice to foreign god . that few who survive , we run for we life , chase into cave at the edge of the Eastern Sea , leave with nothing to live for . but then we discover it . acheron . the temple that spawn a empire . we learn that we be not break goat - herder on a desolate coastline . we be the son and daughter of king . ( stare in ilira 's eye ) and queen . he motion to fariq , who bring the iron box forward . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) for thirty year I have searched for you . in that time I build both a army and empire , but they be nothing compare to what we can create together . we can raise acheron again . never again will we hide like rat . never again will we watch as we love one be slaughter . I call forth the Queen . stand and join I , and this day will have a joyous end . no one move . fassir you would have all the world suffer , as you have suffer . we will die before we help you . khalar singh yes . you will . he nod to he son . he pace in front of the female monk , the box in front of they . 35 . fariq the cave beneath khor khalba contain all manner of creature , many -- alter -- by century of blood magic . but one , in particular , have develop a special connection to the blood . a thirst . it be say that only the Queen of acheron itself can resist its embrace . he stop , one woman away from ilira . fariq ( cont 'd ) so what say you ? will you be the lucky one , or will you tell I who be ? a tear fall down she face , but she stay silent . there 's the sound of slithering as fariq open the box . she stare down inside the box -- and scream . CUT to : tamara she awaken to the scream of a whipped slave girl . ext . desert - day tamara 's eye be meet by a dozen other , slave of every color , chain together with she in a cage wagon . the slave trader swing he whip twice more , hit the cower woman in the cage . slave trader wake up , slag ! smile ! a new owner approach ! tamara make eye contact with the slave Trader . tamara let I go . I promise you will be reward . the Trader just laugh , leer at she . slave trader and I would sample that reward , fair one , but you wear white . ( more ) 36 . slave trader ( cont 'd ) tell I , have the star align and deliver a virgin slave into my care ? he eye she lasciviously . tamara turn away and do not answer . slave trader ( cont 'd ) no matter . I will know soon enough . ( turn away ) good day , sir ! a lone rider in a desolate land . the perfect customer for what I sell . conan ride out of the sun , he massive form silhouett by the bright desert sky . he stare at the slave wagon . shemish woman please , master ! you gold can free I from this hole ! I can bring you pleasure -- the slave Trader immediately whip she , incense . slave trader silence whore ! the slaver go to whip she again , but before the blow can fall , conan grab he arm . the slave Trader look furious , but conan 's size hold he back . conan khor kalba . which way ? slave trader this be the road to khor kalba . ahead . past the great Wall . the slaver nod to the east and conan release he arm . the slaver continue whipping the slave . conan just ride on - - not he problem . but as conan pass tamara , for a brief moment they eye meet . something about she . conan stare a moment , then spur he horse on . just then , the ground around they rumble . horse rear , the woman scream . conan turn and look up . his eye go wide . enormous boulder 37 . come thunder down the hill on all side . the slaver see they a moment to late . slam . several of the horse and cart be smashed by the roll boulder . conan kick he horse , try to outrace the boulder . but when the wagon next to he be hit , its axle spear he horse in its side , and conan go down . piss , he draw he sword . the slavers scramble around the break wagon , in chaos . only a pair of wagon still stand . one of they hold tamara . conan use you whip on the horse ' leg ! the slavers be confuse . then they notice turanian horsemen racing down the hill , behind the boulder . as the rider bear down upon the slaver , the slavers do as they be tell , entangle the leg of the first wave of horse , throw they rider . more than a few rider SNAP they neck as they be drive into the desert floor . the remainder fight hand to hand , and be cut down by either conan 's blade or the slaver ' tulwar . but they victory be short live -- as a second wave of rider come thunder towards they , before the slavers can re-establish they perimeter . the rider start cut the slaver down where they stand . conan conan lodge he sword in a still - roll boulder . as it roll , it pull he up on top of it . from this height , conan launch himself down at the horseman below . wham ! he knock a rider off he horse , conan landing square in the saddle . he kick the horse straight at the other rider . they do not see he come until it 's too late . he cut they down where they sit . the last remain caravan driver whip he horse team , try to pull he wagon out of the fight . conan spin to see a flash of steel and the rider 's neck plume in blood as he 's decapitate . 38 . which be strange since the cavalry be nowhere near the wagon . remo the explanation come as the shadow behind the driver morph into remo , the spindly shadow scout . he take the rein , stop the wagon . conan spot he , recognition in he eye . conan ( cont 'd ) you ! there 's a scream . conan turn to see the other two shadow scout already hack they way through the slave on one of the cage wagon . a shadow scout get to tamara , only to have she fight back . tamara kick the first scout in the face , slamm he head into the bar . however , the second one club she unconscious from behind . conan leap from he horse , launching he body at remo . remo dive and roll away . small and misshapen , he be nonetheless very fast . conan strike again . again remo dodge out of the way . the shadow scout draw sword , but remo wave they off , speak in the break language of a savage . remo the girl ! bring she to khalar ! conan launch a all out attack . remo leap over he sword and vault conan , landing on he back . he draw he sword , prepare to cut conan 's throat -- when conan hurl he body backwards , into one of the huge roll boulder . the impact crush remo and he lose he grip . conan spin to strike again , only to see remo melt into the shadow of the boulder . conan turn he attention towards the other two shadow scout as they drag the unconscious tamara away . 39 . conan mount one of the cavalry horse and gallop towards the scout . they see he come and let go of tamara . they melt away into her shadow and disappear . CUT to : tamara daze , she struggle to she foot . conan appear beside she , he dagger out . tamara gasp in fear but conan only reach out and break the lock on she chain . conan who be you ? tamara I be nobody . he cut the bond on she foot . tamara rise up , the battle scene reveal to she . Dead body of the slavers and turanian horseman lie sprawle in every direction . tamara take in the gruesome sight , shocked . conan many die to capture nobody . ( motion to he horse ) get up . tamara and if I do not wish to ride with you ? ext . desert - day conan ride he horse , tamara trail on foot , wrist tethere to conan 's saddle by a long rope . tamara look exhaust . they reach a gallery of break column , spire of fossilize coral that jut out of the desert . tamara stop ! I want water . conan just keep riding . conan perhaps the slaver take you order . I do not . 40 . tamara I never know man could be so cruel . now I wonder if the world be fill with animal such as you . conan you speak of animal as if they be less than man . but animal do not stab they brother in the back or steal they mother 's only possession . and they never lie . tamara I have not lie . conan get off he horse , unty tamara and give she a water sack . tamara greedily drink down the water . conan very well . give I you name . tamara I be tamara Amelia karushan . and you ? conan I be conan . tamara conan ? that 's it ? conan what more name do I need ? conan then grab tamara around she waist , put she atop he horse . he then mount behind she , they body close . conan 's mouth be only inch from she ear as he speak . conan ( cont 'd ) there be only one truth I need from you , tamara Amelia karushan . why do khalar Singh want you ? tamara look away , but do not respond . conan ( cont 'd ) then let 's hope it 's for you cooking . ext . campfire - night a campfire amidst several large boulder , a line of windmills on the horizon . 41 . tamara struggle to manage a cooking pot over a blaze . conan come over and smell the pot ; he face scrunches from the odor . conan try to poison I ? tamara step back and get down on she knee , she hand clasped . conan ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? tamara before we eat , I must pray . conan crom ! what would you pray for ? that a bone may not get stick in you throat ? no word nor god will give you one more moment than fate allow you . tamara then you have no faith . and I be sorry for you . conan I need no pity . tamara but you do . you live in a world that be harsh and short . where fate be unyield and hope be a cruel joke . I live in a world with a purpose that guide I , where faith sustain I . suddenly , conan kick dirt past tamara , onto the FIRE . the fire go out , plunging everything into darkness . tamara ( cont 'd ) why do you -- suddenly , there 's the sound of fighting . grunting , blow be interchanged , then a loud SNAP as bone be broken . a moment later , the flame of the fire be stoke up again , revealing conan stand over the groan remo . the other two shadow scout be dead . tamara instinctively jump back . 42 . conan do not worry . his back be break . he will not be slinking away this time . as tamara gape at remo , conan simply pull the cooking pot off the fire . conan ( cont 'd ) now , let 's eat . tamara but -- what about he ?! remo groans in pain . conan I enjoy a little music with my meal . dissolve to : aerial shot - Pov - soaring across steep valley and up jag peak we race into steep and unforgive mountain . Far off , we hear a pair of thunderous boom , almost like the sound of a heartbeat . thump , thump . cresting over a set of peak , a gorge be reveal below , and beneath it -- ext . acheron - night - moving a city carve out of the purple granite of a mountainous gorge . hundre - foot tower rise up , they pinnacle craft to depict angry , GOD - like face . as we pass one of the face , again we hear the sound of a thunderous heartbeat , now closer . thump , thump . we glide down past hundred foot high pillar of flame , towards the grow sound of scream and wailing . the street of acheron be line with thousand of slave , young and old , chain together , toil under the lash of they cruel master , the acheronian warrior tower over the slave , the warrior be a fearsome sight . they armor , craft from the bone of they defeat enemy , rise to a mask which cover much of they feature . 43. only the red irise of they eye peer through . that and they pitch black skin . the slave hobble down the main boulevard , they naked foot splash in stream of blood which flow from the acheronian pyramid up ahead loom a colossal pyramid , surround in a semi- circle by five massive statue . as we grow closer the grotesque surface of the pyramid become clearer , one hewn from crack bone and empty socket . the thunderous heartbeat seem all around we now . thump , thump . the three hundred foot high edifice be make entirely of thousand of human skull . many of the skull still drip with blood , pour down from the pyramid 's crest , where stand a black throne image of snake gorging themselves on hapless victim be carve in bas relief into the throne 's surface . stand before the throne , surround by black robed priest be a man and woman , mere shadow in the silhouette of torch . the head priest and he acolyte approach with two crowns . one be make of gold , the other of iron . the gold crown go on the head of the man . for the woman , the Iron crown be place on she head . and suddenly , thump , thump . iron spike shoot out of the iron crown piercing the woman' forehead , her scream echoes throughout the CITY . blood stream down the woman 's face as she turn toward the torchlight . it be tamara . CUT to : ext . campfire - night tamara leap up , startle . her face be cover in sweat , she eye as terrify as the victim from she dream . nearby we hear scream of another type . remo . 44 . ext . OPEN field - night muffled scream . we pull out of remo 's wide mouth , stuff with cloth , try to bellow in uncontrollable agony . a hand come in and pull out the cloth . it 's conan . remo please ! mercy ! conan you be more fit to inflict torture than to endure it . you life be not nail to you spine as my people be . we pull out , revealing that remo arm be spread -eagle , attach to rope pull teach by oppose tree limb . conan nudge he with the point of he sword . remo scream in agony , then speak in he savage , break dialect . remo stop ! stop ! I know how make you rich ! Rich ! you hear name khalar Singh ? you have what he want . the girl , yes ? khalar give you anything for she . more ! conan why would he ? remo pause , not want to answer . conan put the blade back to remo 's neck . remo she could be the one . conan one what ? remo the one . the Queen . conan 's mind race , remember khalar 's word from long ago . conan a queen in hide . remo yes ! yes ! I send to find she . bring she . he wait for I now , at great Wall . he pay you anything . more ! 45 . conan so I should ransom she to you master ? not exactly loyal -- but still , a good idea . conan pull out a sheet of handwritten paper from remo 's tunic . conan ( cont 'd ) you will help I deliver it . ext . great wall - night torchlight dot the height of a fifty - foot high stone wall , erect between giant rock formation , a impassable barrier that run countless mile . the wreckage of old siege equipment dot the hillside before the wall . ext . catapult - night a aging catapult look down upon the wall below . slowly , it begin to turn . conan push the catapult until it aim towards the great Wall . we hear muffled scream , and find remo tie to a boulder cradle in the catapult . conan pull the gag out of remo 's mouth . remo please ! please ! I help you ! I do anything you wish ! conan stuff a parchment in he mouth . he take out he sword and cut another notch into he arm . conan good. die. he then cut the rope and whoosh ! the catapult fire toss remo and the rock he 's tie to high into the night sky . ext . great wall - night boom ! patrol soldier be crush beneath the massive rock as it reduce a section of wall to rubble . CUT to : 46 . khalar stare down at remo 's break body . ukafa and fariq stand beside he . khalar singh he bring a message ? ukafa hand he the bloody parchment . khalar read it . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) gold , for the girl . a ransom , for I to deliver in person . ukafa I will find they -- and come back with they head . fariq you let the girl escape once , ukafa . what make you think you can do better now ? ukafa I do what ? fariq I find the monastery . it be my understanding that you be in charge of its capture -- ukafa 's anger grow . khalar singh enough ! we will take no chance . we will pay this thief what he want , and more . ext . bridge to nowhere - night conan return from the nearby hill , carry a pair of rabbit he 's hunt and skinned . he look around , surprised not to find tamara . he hear a yelp from nearby and walk to a dirt path beyond the clear . tamara she 's tie up and gag and she 's worm she way this far , muddy and scraping herself all along the way . she let out a frustrated grunt as conan simply pick she back up and carry she back to the outcropping . 47 . he pull the gag from she mouth and drop a skinned rabbit at she foot . conan here . eat . tamara squirm away from the carcass , disgust . tamara could not you at least cook it first ? conan Fire draw attention . conan tear into he rabbit , chew on the raw meat . tamara do it bother you , blood on you hand ? conan the only blood on this hand I claim with my own sword . tamara what do that mean ? conan clean hand mean nothing . king and queen claim more life than I will ever meet , and not a drop be spill in they presence . tamara what be you talk about ? I have do no harm to you . I have do no harm to anyone . conan confront she , enraged . conan you lie . you be the very reason my people be dead . tamara be you mad ? I never meet you people . conan but khalar Singh have . he destroy my people , look for you . suddenly tamara understand . 48 . tamara the one who come for we ? his name be khalar Singh ? conan you know this . tamara we do not know who seek we , only that we be seek . conan you hide from he . and while you do , other die in you place . tamara if we do not hide , countless more would have be kill ! you do not know what purpose he have for we queen . conan and I do not care , for he will not live to see it bear fruit ! tamara be shocked . tamara wait -- you seek to kill this khalar ? we have the same aim . he take my queen to khor kalba . I have swear a oath to protect she . I can help you . conan enough lie . conan put the gag back in she mouth and bind she hand . ext . rock ridge - night conan watch the great Wall silently , absently play with a dagger in he hand as he gauge the many guardpost along the wall . the archer . the barrel of oil . the cavalry . he feel eye upon he and look down at tamara , still bound and gag , she eye burn hole in he forehead . conan pull out she gag . conan you will keep quiet . 49 . tamara what use be talk ? you will not believe a word I speak . I only want to know this -- how will you kill khalar ? you be too big to play the assassin . conan you will be the lure that will draw I close . then I will scale the wall and cut he down where he stand . tamara and the archer and cavalry ? they will be napping ? conan they will not be a problem . tamara think about it . tamara no . not good enough . conan be shocked by she brazen response . conan do I ask ? tamara should you fail , I will be leave without a weapon , helpless in my enemy hand . let I help , conan . conan respond by put the gag back in she mouth . conan I will not fail . but still tamara glare at he -- and we can see the hint of conan 's resolve bend . dissolve to : ext . great wall - day khalar Singh stand atop the wall , await conan . fariq draw close . fariq let I take care of this thief , father . he 's beneath you notice . 50 . khalar singh he kill remo , likely he cavalry legion as well . whatever he be , he be more than a mere thief . then , off in the distance , at the far edge of the desert clear , two figure step out from amongst the boulder . conan and tamara conan hold a squirming , but bound tamara . conan be still ! conan thrust tamara in khalar 's direction . conan ( cont 'd ) ( yell to khalar ) I have what you want ! where 's my gold ?! khalar khalar reach down and lift a heavy sack of gold coin . khalar singh ( yelling back ) triple you price . come and claim it . gate of the wall - moment later the gate open and khalar stride out into the clear . conan and tamara stand a hundred foot ahead . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) send she to I . conan send the gold . khalar Singh throw the gold sack . it land halfway between they . he send tamara ahead , she mouth gag . but the moment tamara reach the gold -- from out underneath the sand , four horsemen rise up out of the desert floor . they each bear weight net and spike lance , and they surround conan . 51 . the first rider gallop towards conan who simply lops off the horse front legs . as the beast collapse , conan crush the rider 's skull with he broadsword . the next two rider attack together , but conan dodge they net and rip away one of they spear , only to lodge it into the other rider 's chest . he dive at and tackle the first rider , toppling he , along with he horse . he snap the second rider 's neck . the last rider come at conan , who horizontally slashes right through the horse's neck and then the rider' neck . both human and animal head tumble to the desert floor . all four rider be dead , in a matter of second . khalar smile . he 's get tamara by the neck . khalar singh you be fast . but be you fast enough ? conan 's eye go to the top of the wall , where cheren and he archer prepare to fire . conan rush forward as the flame arrow stream toward he . explosion rip through the air where conan be , throw up a huge dust cloud . conan burst out of the dust cloud , lung in a attack . but khalar Singh be not there . he have withdraw inside the gate . baring he tooth , conan run at the wall itself . cheren and the archer let loose another volley at conan , who evade and strike away the fall arrow with he sword . explosion fill the air , but none of they scorch conan as he reach the great wall conan hit the base of the wall at full stride , like a mountain lion . reaching out , he launch himself up , take half the vertical of the wall in a single leap . digging he hand into the seam of the wooden beam , he stop only to vault up again , take the forty foot wall in two upward bound . 52 . wall walk conan leap upon wall walk , the passageway atop the great Wall . fariq tries to hide he surprise . even as he draw he sword , conan take out the four soldier in he way . fariq you should have run , while you could . conan look at the sword . it strike a chord in he . it be the sword he father forged ! enrage , conan charge the slight fariq . fariq partially parry the attack . he 's obviously well - train , but he 's no match for conan . the tip of conan ' blade cut a large gash in fariq 's cheek . khalar singh fariq ! khalar Singh arrive , grab he son by he collar and fling he away from the barbarian . fariq struggle to stand , try in vain to hide he embarrassment . conan and khalar Singh size each other up on the narrow wall walk . conan I be wonder what it would take for you to stop cower . khalar singh I be not cower . I be study . you be quite gift with a sword , but it 's not from schooling . you speed and power make up for a lack of -- finesse . I have see such fight before -- cimmerian . enrage , conan charge khalar Singh . he swing down on khalar Singh 's head , only when the sword reach it , it find nothing but air . khalar be fast . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) cimmerian it be . now it make sense . you come for blood , not gold . 53. conan respond by lung in , swinging he broadsword in a broad arc , with all he might . even in the small space , khalar 's lateral speed be dizzying . he sidestep conan 's attack and backhand conan 's face with the flat of he tulwar . conan 's resolve waver momentarily , know khalar could have just as easily slice he throat . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) you people barely afforded I a challenge . you be little more than beast . conan come at khalar with twice as much fury , smash entire post as he hack at the warlord , who simply evade the attack . down the wall walk they move , conan attack while khalar seem complacent enough just to defend . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) you have come a long way , barbarian , only to fail . khalar duck conan 's last wild swing and gashes conan twice , both deeply in he midsection . khalar then kick conan , send the cimmerian slamm onto the rock parapet . crunch . conan land directly on he back , he sword clatter away from he . khalar 's man back away into a circle . conan struggle to get on all four . khalar kick conan in he shattered chest , lift conan off the ground with he might . he follow up with a devastating punch to conan 's face , one which land like a piledriver . crunch . conan can only bleed as khalar loom over he . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) so much for vengeance . ( to he soldier ) get I oil -- and a torch . Soldiers quickly bring over a bucket of oil and a light torch . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) be that really the best you could do ? be that as far as you could think ahead ? just rush in and kill I ? 54 . behind khalar Singh , conan spot tamara be bring up , she hand bound . her eye show a intense fear , but resolve as well . tamara ' hand between the bond she slip down a blade . it 's conan be dagger . she quickly cut she bond . with all the attention focus on conan , no one be quick enough to stop she as grab the torch from the soldier , lighting the arrow in cheren' quiver . cheren spin around , see the flame reach he pitch arrow . cheren no !! but it 's far too late . tamara hit the floor , beside conan . boom . explosion the blast send part of cheren fly in every direction . ukafa , fariq , and the wall guard be flatten by the concussion . khalar Singh , who be stand closer to the explosion , be thrown against the wall ! khalar singh the warlord slowly rise , he head pound from the explosion . he look up . the entire parapet be on fire . he grit he tooth and climb the wall . atop the wall a thick wall of flame rage before khalar . conan and tamara be go . he look over the far side of the wall , where two figure on horseback ride off into the distance , tamara hold conan atop the horse . ukafa and fariq rise and see what khalar Singh see . khalar singh ukafa , you will take half we force North , to the Sea . I will take the rest South . fariq what of I , father ? 55 . khalar singh you will return to khor kalba . you will feed the woman to the beast until you find we Queen . fariq I will not . I will track the barbarian with you -- enrage , khalar Singh grab he by the back of he head , pull he in close . khalar singh you think I care what you wish ?! you want to play warrior ? it be not in you . one day you will be king , but warlord , never . fariq I can . let I prove it to you ! khalar singh you will not risk you life again . you be my line , my successor . you will not throw away all that I have work for . a smile creep up on ukafa 's face , watch fariq 's embarrassment . he withdraw hastily , all eye on he . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) ( without look at ukafa ) if I find you smile before you bring I the girl , I will take every tooth I see . ukafa bury the smile as khalar turn to the wall of flame leave in conan 's wake . CUT to : int . corin' forge - night the flame become the blaze of the forge . corin ( o.s. ) more wood boy ! we must test the steel with we fire . conan , a young boy again , kneel beside the woodpile , pull out log -- 56 . but when he hand they to he father , he notice he father be cover with sword wound , cut and bleed . corin ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ? the fire be die . conan turn back to the wood pile . instead of wood , the pile be full of the body of that he recently kill : lucius , remo , etc . the young conan struggle to push the first body onto the forge . still the fire diminish . conan turn and there be no more wood . and no more body . conan it 's not enough . I have fail you father . corin it will never be enough , conan . conan I do not understand -- he spin . behind he tamara stand , a look of sadness on she face . corin through suffer , you will learn you purpose , boy . and you have not begin to suffer yet . int . room - night conan 's eye pop open . he inhale sharply , grip by the dream . the room be dark , surround by thick drapery . conan lie on a straw bed with white sheet , soak through with he sweat . he look to he wound , all bandage . he rise - - a bit too fast because he fall back to he bed . tamara I would not move so fast . I bound you wound as best I could , but I be no healer . conan look over to discover tamara sit nearby . 57 . conan where be I ? tamara on the wasp . you tell I where it laid , just before you pass out . though I can not say as I feel much safer here . conan 's response be to rise again , he face contort in pain . tamara ( cont 'd ) do not embarrass I with thanks , I only save you life . conan you be -- adequate . conan pull aside one of the thick drapery that surround he bed . behind it lie a staircase , which he ascend . ext . zingaran galley - night conan step out onto the deck of a sixty - foot djunk , travel quickly down a wide and powerful river . artus look what we have here . a hill ape in over he head . conan spin to see the rough , brightly dress Zamoran pirate artus leaping down from the quarterdeck , he sword out . the other zamoran pirate draw near as well . tamara see the scene , suddenly uncomfortable . conan I be just wonder what that smell be . ( sniff near artus ) now I know . artus we take no stowaways . only pay passenger . you have best be laden with gold . conan if it 's metal you seek , perhaps you would settle for steel . 58 . in a flash conan 's sword lunge forward . clang . it meet artus 's , sparking as they collide . artus laugh . conan ( cont 'd ) still fast artus . artus fast , deadly , charming , rakishly handsome . ( to the pirate ) all hail conan ! pirate all hail conan ! artus slap he hand on conan 's back and conan wince in pain . artus sorry , friend . look like you have have a rough road . conan it will not get easier . khalar Singh life . he will be come for I and the girl . artus good . we be scrapping for a fight this day . conan this one may be more than you wish . I need you to get I close to khor kalba . artus rub he beard . artus Rest up . we will get you there . conan withdraw to he room . int . room - night conan collapse on the bed as tamara follow he inside . tamara we go to khor kalba ? conan I do . 59 . conan put a brawny arm over he tired eye . tamara no . we do . conan just leave I to sleep . but tamara do not leave , force conan to respond . conan ( cont 'd ) you would risk you life for royalty ? why ? tamara pause , realize she must trust conan to gain he help . tamara because she represent freedom , not just ours but all hyboria 's . what do you know of acheron ? conan a tall tale . meant to scare child . tamara it be no fable . it 's my people 's history . acheron be a empire that swallow all of hyboria , lead by the King and he legion of demon warrior . unstoppable . insatiable . Immortal . but still it have one weakness . for the true power of acheron laid not with its King , but the Queen . every twenty year , a new queen from the royal line would be coronate with a crown of iron . Spikes would pierce she , slowly drain she precious blood , and through she suffer acheron would remain invincible . until one of my ancestor , a acheronian himself , put a stop to this tyranny . he and other spirite the new Queen away , hide she from the empire and all that who would raise it again . conan what care I for queen and empire ? conan turn to head back to he bed . tamara grab he , incense . 60 . tamara do not you hear I ? this evil face we all . all of civilization will fall if the army of acheron be raise again . conan I hear . only I would happily put all of you " civilization " to the torch myself . tamara but -- you owe I a debt , you thankless oaf ! conan my only debt be to my people . and it still lie unpaid . ext . man of war - night the enormous siege vessel lie before a burn port CITY . a sailor , cry , grovel on he knee before khalar and he man . sailor it be a pirate ship . they leave as soon as the girl and the large one board . khalar singh which way do they sail ? sailor North . khalar be surprised . khalar singh be you certain ? sailor yes , please , I be tell you the truth ! khalar nod to one of he man , who slit the sailor 's throat . khalar turn to he falconer , with the huge bird of prey on he arm . 61 . khalar singh send word to ukafa . they come to he by sea . the falconer nod and head off . khalar look to he soldier . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) find I a warship . CUT to : ext . galley - night the ship sail like a ghost over black water , the star light up impossibly bright . artus find tamara sit near the bow . he hand she a steaming bowl of food . artus try not to taste it go down would be my advice . tamara you have know conan long ? artus we sail with he for a while . I would like to say I know the man . tamara he be a riddle to I . artus aye , he 's that too . tamara we have the same goal . why will he not trust I ? artus why would he ? he 's a stranger in every land he trod . a man with no home , no people , none but the company of ghost . and he bear the weight of they death every moment of every day . tamara that be no way to live . 62 . artus he do not live . I have see in he great mirth , only to watch it smother by great melancholy . he owe a blood debt , and he can entertain no other joy , no other cause , until it be fulfil . tamara and yet you call he friend , and risk death to help he . artus let I tell you something of conan . he will never lie . he will never break a trust , once give . and he will never , ever give up . tamara he 's a stubborn ass . artus laugh . artus he be that , lass . he be that . CUT to : int . dungeon - the pit - night akhun and he turanian slaver lead the female monk into a large circular chamber , light by many torch . before they lie a pit , dark and forebode , with a bamboo grid place atop it . fariq enter , a aide hold the iron box he use earlier . fariq have a bandage on he face where conan strike he , and he look even more angry and malevolent than before . fariq here we stand again . will the queen reveal herself , or must another innocent suffer ? fariq walk past the row of woman , each recoil . he slap one . then another , he rage only building . fariq ( cont 'd ) my father , he tire of you charade . he grow impatient . but I have no such haste . I enjoy watch you squirm . 63. fariq pass ilira , slow he pace . he close in on the youngest female monk , a true innocent with terrify eye . fariq ( cont 'd ) perhaps you would like to see the end you sister face back at the monastery ? fariq slowly open the box before she . acheronian BOX in the darkness of the box slither a grotesque tentacle . the tentacle be severe , but still alive , thirst for blood . terrify as she be , the young monk say nothing . fariq close the box . fariq ( cont 'd ) no ? you fear be not enough yet ? let 's try harder . fariq nod to the slaver , who unchain she from the rest . fariq ( cont 'd ) I have read all there be to know of mighty acheron . why would true acheronian protect a traitor to they own ? you once hold the entire world in you grasp , now you hide and cower like pitiful mouse . he push the girl . she fall to the grid , the sound echoing down into the pit . a inhuman growl emit from the darkness . something come . the girl look below . fariq ( cont 'd ) and mouse be mean to be swallow whole . suddenly , a massive tentacle , ten time the size of the one in the box , come hurtle up through the grid . it grab the young monk , its barb rip into she , drag she into the darkness below . her scream echo . fariq ( cont 'd ) what be in the box could only drink from you one at a time . but the beast of acheron , it will claim four of you this night . ( more ) 64 . fariq ( cont 'd ) who will spare the rest and tell I which of you be the queen ? not a single woman move , resolve . ilira catch herself , but also stay silent . she look up to see fariq stare at she . cu - ilira' eye her pupil widen in fear as fariq 's cold stare bore into she . female voice ( o.s. ) I be here , swine . fariq turn -- only it be another female monk that glare at he . female monk I be the one you seek . fariq smile . fariq at last . some bravery . but of course , you would not expect I to take you word , would you ? as the fariq reach for she -- CUT to : int . galley - room - night tamara awaken with a scream , she body rest against the curve hull of the ship . tamara no !!! tamara look around with a panicked look , until she realize where she be . conan ( o.s. ) I hope I awoke with less clamor . they role reverse , now it be tamara 's turn to see conan sit nearby , drink from a flask of mead . tamara you be drink ? you be near death this time yesterday . 65 . conan be there a better reason to drink ? tamara actually manage to laugh . tamara do you think -- I could try some of that ? I be curious of its taste . conan you have never taste mead ? tamara shrug , embarrassed . conan hand she flask . she take a deep swallow , some spilling out over she cheek . but she do not cough , and smile brightly afterwards . tamara it 's good . conan reach for the flask , but tamara ignore he , take another swig . it quickly loosen she tongue . tamara ( cont 'd ) let I ask you something . once you have kill khalar and claim you vengeance , then what ? you will be free from you ghost . what of you future , conan ? conan I have no future . it die with my people , as I should have . tamara so you life be penance ? for what , for live ? and when you too die , what do you believe happen then ? conan just shrug , take back the mead . conan nothing . tamara , she tongue loosen by drink , laugh . tamara nothing ? I could not live without some kind of belief in the world after this . conan I believe in the cold of steel , the warmth of flesh . all else be fairy tale . 66 . tamara perhaps . but I still die with faith in my heart , belief in something great than one 's self . what will you die with ? conan purpose . I die with purpose . dissolve to : ext . zingaran galley - morning tamara step out onto the deck , grab she pound head . her first hangover . she hear a thumping sound , follow by another , and walk towards the side of the deck . tamara look overboard , to the water below . tamara's Pov the river be filled with body ! bloat , they float in blood red water as fly buzz around they . one of they hit the hull of the boat . thump . tamara blink , unsure if the vision be real -- but then she 's join by other pirate who gape at the body below . pirate 1 to station ! to station ! tamara turn and up ahead spy -- black warship the larger warship cut through the water , manned by a legion of rower . on the deck of the warship , ukafa and he spearmen stand . the sailor get the most out of the billow black sail . the ship gain fast . the galley conan exit he room , see the danger . artus appear at he side . artus what do you think ? they have we outnumber , but we might beat they speed . 67 . conan that be what they wish . they drive we to another force , approach from the south . artus then we fight ? conan no . we give they what they think they want . ( to the Pirates ) about ship ! now ! the pirate leap into action , tack and turn the galley with great speed and efficiency . the warship ukafa smile , he gold tooth shine . the ship 's captain stand beside he . captain they be turn to run . ukafa good . we only need stay close . the galley be turn around now , flee . archer from the warship fire arrow that barely reach the galley . the Pirates dodge the few that land on deck . tamara reach conan and artus . she 's worried to say the least . artus and now ? conan let we show they why she be call the wasp . artus smile . he be hope conan would say that . tamara why be she call the wasp ? artus open astern ! load the stinger ! the Pirates rush to the back of the ship . 68 . the black warship the Captain stare ahead , confuse . captain they be do -- something . sure enough , the stern of the ship begin to part , revealing - a massive crossbow mounted with a barb harpoon , fifteen foot long . conan Fire ! they fire the weapon . the harpoon race for the bow of the warship , a thick rope trail it . it smashes into the wood , rip through it like it be paper . conan ( cont 'd ) rip she apart ! the Pirates grab the heavy rope and run , pull the rope , and the harpoon back towards the wasp . as it 's pull out , the barb of the harpoon rip a wider hole in the warship . warship the Captain and crew be in a panic . Men rush to patch the gape hole in the hull . sailor we be take on water ! captain hard to port ! ukafa no . let they fire again ! captain we will sink . ukafa gut the captain with he spear . ukafa so be it . ( to he spearmen ) get below . be ready . galley 69 . the pirate load the harpoon in the crossbow device a second time . conan Fire ! it fire , smash again into the wooden hull of the warship . warship - inside the harpoon lodge deep inside the hull -- where ukafa and he spearmen wait . ukafa now ! they rush forward and grab onto the harpoon . galley artus bring she back ! again , the pirate pull the harpoon back out . it fall into the water as they pull on the rope tie to it . they do not notice ukafa and he dozen spearmen clasp the very same rope as its pull toward the galley . artus look at the warship . it 's founder and sink quickly . artus ( cont 'd ) she 's dead in the water ! a cheer go up among the pirate -- and then one pirate take a spear through the chest . all eye turn to the side of the wasp , where ukafa and he man climb aboard . conan 's eye alight with fury . conan good . I be grow weary with boredom . conan motion to a pair of pirate . conan ( cont 'd ) hide she below . battle 70 . the spearmen rush to the attack . the pirate spring to the defense of the ship , counter the spearmen with cutlass and dagger . ukafa marshal he man as a fierce battle rage . ukafa find the girl ! the spearmen quickly make they way to the interior of the galley , throw the dead body of the pirate overboard . conan conan grab the nearby jib , swing over , and plant both foot in the face of one of the spearmen , knock he over the side . artus the sea captain prove dangerous in he own right , grab the head of one of the spearmen and violently pull it down to the gunwale of the ship , impale the spearman 's eye on a handspike . ukafa the massive warrior show incredible speed as well , dodging one cutlass attack only to turn the weapon upon another pirate . conan the cimmerian cut through a spearman , he gaze focus on ukafa . ukafa stare right back as he run through a pair of pirate . finally , the two warrior stand only foot apart . the two warrior eye each other with satisfaction . ukafa 's frightening , sharpen gold tooth shine as he smile . ukafa ( cont 'd ) we be each the last of we tribe , cimmerian . your die this day . conan respond by lung forward , swinging he sword in a broad arc . ukafa be just as quick , step back and allow he spear to block the swing . ukafa whirl the war spear in great circle , force conan to parry , step back beyond the spear 's reach . the two powerful warrior trade blow back and forth , neither able to gain the advantage . 71 . ukafa ( cont 'd ) you head will top my spear today , but know khalar 's pig son will soon share you fate . ukafa try to spear conan through the chest , and conan decide to drop he sword , grab the spear as it pass by he . conan then pull on the spear , throw ukafa off he balance , towards conan . conan then kick the warrior in the chest , hurtle ukafa backwards . now conan turn the spear on its master . ukafa , unarm , be force to backpedal as conan thrust the spear at he . a pair of close miss leave ukafa with gashes on he chest and arm , but he manage to knock the spear from conan 's hand . the battle go to hand - to-hand . it 's primal , each of they cover in blood . ukafa bear hug conan , then resort to use he tooth to bite into conan 's shoulder . conan yell in pain , but ukafa 's head and knock he back . conan fall to the stern of the ship , he back against the harpoon crossbow . ukafa shake off the head butt , and see he spear nearby . he pick it up . ukafa ( cont 'd ) now finally , you die . he raise up to hurl the spear through conan , only to see conan man the harpoon , now turned to face ukafa . the crossbow fire and the harpoon punch a massive hole through ukafa , its momentum throw he off the galley , into the sea beyond . tamara she hide inside a small compartment of the ship . she hear footstep walk past , then return . a arm suddenly reach in and grab she . as she 's pull out , tamara scream right in conan 's face . he do not even flinch . conan time to go . 72 . ext . galley - night the battle end , the pirate toss the dead spearmen into the sea and prepare to make sail again . meanwhile , conan lash he sword to he back , stand by the gunwale with tamara and artus , a SMALL dinghy wait below . artus I could get you closer . another half day along the coast -- conan I need you head west , to draw off we pursuer . I will find another path to khor kalba . artus so be it . Swift wind at you back . ext . dinghy - day conan row away from the galley with powerful stroke . tamara so you be take I with you to khor kalba . conan I never say that . but I will not leave a virgin onboard a pirate ship , alone . tamara I -- but -- who say I be a virgin ? conan just shake he head as a parting fog reveal a large colossus head , the fall remain of a enormous statue , lie agape on the shoreline . int . colossus head - dusk conan pull off he jerkin , revealing a torso rippling with muscle . conan we will rest here until morning . 73. tamara will I awake alone ? do you intend to leave I ? conan I would do you a kindness . khor kalba will bring only death . tamara please , conan . artus tell I of how you lose you tribe . I too have to watch as my people be take from I . conan ignore she , gather wood for a fire . tamara ( cont 'd ) all I ask be that you let I travel with you . I too have a purpose . I must get to the queen . I would rather you kill I here , than fail she again . conan continue collect , infuriate tamara . tamara ( cont 'd ) I be wrong about you . you be no fearless warrior . you heart be close to all but fear -- and hate . conan draw flint , start the fire . only once he task be complete do he answer tamara . conan we leave at dawn . I will not break stride for you . not once . I will get you into khor kalba . Beyond that I have my purpose , and you yours . tamara offer a thankful nod , she anger subside . tamara Nice fire . do it mean you ' will actually cook the meat this time ? CUT to : ext . khalar singh's warship - dusk khalar look at the destruction of ukafa 's warship , the body fill the water . khalar spot ukafa 's dead body float there , harpoon still lodge in he chest . 74 . the ship 's captain approach . captain the pirate ship sail to the west . even under full sail it will be no easy task to overtake she . just then , a falcon approach . the falconer retrieve it , a parchment tie to its talon . he pass it on to khalar Singh . khalar Singh read it , a smile creep upon he face . khalar singh fariq have do well . ( to the Captain ) head east , back to khor kalba . captain but we chase point the other way . khalar singh the chase be over . they come to I now . ext . forest - late day tamara watch conan from a distance . he silently stalk prey with nothing more than a knife . a boar its ear listen intently , aware . suddenly , it bolt . conan be just as quick , racing through the forest on a intercept course with the great beast . he leap over a fall log , throw he dagger with a sweep of he arm . the boar go down , the blade through its jugular . conan walk up to the struggle beast , show no satisfaction as he mercifully snap its neck . int . colossus head - night the great haunch of the beast roast over the fire . conan turn the meat . behind he , tamara approach . she have clean herself up , she white robe translucent in light of the fire , she wet hair glisten . 75 . conan can not help but notice she supple skin , she curve . he stop chew . tamara notice . embarrass , she turn so that he can only see she side . conan return to he food . tamara what be the woman of you tribe like , conan ? conan they fight beside the man . tamara so they be equal . and you mother ? conan she die in battle , even as I be bear . tamara so you never know she . it be the same with I . I have always know be a mother be somehow not my fate . but -- tamara falter , unsure . but conan 's quiet ease she . tamara ( cont 'd ) you say earlier khor kalba will bring only death . be you try to scare I , or do you really believe we end lie there ? conan I do not lie . tamara nod , have hear as much about conan . she turn back to face he , no longer hide she body . tamara then we do not have much time . you mother perish too young , but at least she die have know the touch of one who care . tamara step closer to conan . tamara ( cont 'd ) so -- do you care , conan ? conan rise to she , he broad form loom over she slight build . 76 . but conan show surprising gentleness as he remove she robe and pull she naked body into he , they mouth meeting in a desperate kiss . love scene conan lie atop tamara by the fire , they sinewy limb intertwined , finger lock together . he thrust into she , cause she face to contort in pleasure and pain . the fire grow brighter as tamara roll on top , undulate as they pace quicken . tamara cry out in ecstasy . aftermath tamara stare into the fire , she body wrap around conan' . she gently caress the notched scar cut into he arm . tamara ( cont 'd ) I have only ever hear you speak of what you would die for , conan . what would you live for ? conan , he eye close , keep they shut . conan do you ever tire of talk ? let I rest , woman . tamara reach down between conan 's leg . his eye open . tamara I think that may work . conan growl and pull himself atop tamara . look down at she face , she hair loose and wild , she 's beautiful in the soft glow of the firelight . tamara ( cont 'd ) I see you clearly now , finally , after all this time . ( she kiss he deeply ) I would be that which you live for , conan , if you would have I . you may have faith in nothing , conan -- but I have faith in you . conan lower himself back down upon she . dissolve to : 77 . ext . mountain ridge - day conan power he way to the top of a high ridge , spot down in the vista below : khor kalba surrounded on three side by the coastline , the stone fortress of khalar Singh rest on a plateau , overlook a bustling , tent city below . conan spot a long caravan of pack camel work they way towards town , drive by desert trader from shem . conan we will slip in , along with that trader . but you will need a change of clothes , that monk ' robe will draw attention . tamara look down at she loose-fitting robe . tamara what will I wear ? ext . khor khalba - entrance - day the caravan ride up to the wall entrance to the city , guard by khalar 's troops . blend in amongst the other , conan now wear the elaborate head scarf and clothes of shemish trader , obscure all but he eye . tamara tamara be dress like a shemish serve girl , she taut body barely cover by silken draping . she glare at conan , miserable . tamara I do not understand why I could not be dress as you be . I look like a whore . conan and what better disguise for a monk ? conan tug on the rope for the camel to move faster . the camel brays and rear . conan yank harder and the camel fly forward , its eye wide . conan meet its eye . 78 . conan ( cont 'd ) do not test I , beast . tamara be there not a live thing you can be at peace with ? they ride into the city , past the troops . ext . khor khalba CITY - entrance - day conan and tamara walk through the town 's teeming market , a otherworldly bazaar replete with animal sacrifice , veile face and not a hint of morality . stranger a figure , he form hide beneath a cloak , spot conan and tamara as they enter , and begin to follow they . wooden platform the city end at the sheer cliff wall at the bottom of the plateau . there stand a wooden platform that be lower by a massive winch , unload a cavalry regiment and then raise back up to the fortress above . conan it 's probably only way into khalar 's fortress . I be sure it be heavily guard at all time , day and night . tamara so we must try to scale the cliff . conan and dodge arrow as we do so ? conan motion up to the winch . stand beside it be a half dozen of the four-arm archer . conan ( cont 'd ) during the day , we would easily be spot on the climb . and it would be useless to even attempt at night . no , we must find another way . stranger' Pov as conan continue around the base of the mesa , the figure follow conan be join by two other . 79 . alleyway conan and tamara reach a less crowded area of the village when a voice ring out behind they . voice ( o.s. ) halt . conan spin , sword at the ready . from out of the shadow come a pair of men , they beady eye fix on tamara . conan thiefe . you will regret find I . voice ( o.s. ) I think not . from out of the shadow step the one - eyed thief , the same one who conan save from lucius ' beating . he smile at conan , lift a key from a rope around he neck one eyed thief it take longer than you think to cut this out of lucius ' stomach . after all that work , I figure I would keep it -- for old time ' sake . int . thieve ' tavern - afternoon a rundown hall , build beneath the city . wooden support hold up the building of the entire city block overhead . and within the hall , a gather of thieve and rogue . they be a flinty collection , many of they miss finger or even hand , evidence of khalar 's cruel justice . they eat and drink , share tale and tip , wenches and serving women they cautious eye follow the cimmerian outsider . the one eyed thief take they to a open table , and immediately three of the serve woman descend upon conan , caress he . tamara watch this , jaw drop , and manage a cough , even as a serving girl deliver mead to the table . conan just smile as he enjoy the silky body of the nubile woman , they breast practically frame he face . 80 . conan what ? do you wish to join in ? CUT to : conan clean mead from he face , scowling at tamara , as the one - eyed thief use the tabletop to explain the fortress . one eyed thief -- so you be right about the platform . you will be long dead before you make it top . same with scale the cliff . there 's no know way to break into the fortress . conan so that 's it ? one eyed thief I do not say that . I just say there 's no know way in -- because no one have ever try to . but break out -- that 's another story . it 's not much easier , but it 's possible . the one eyed thief offer the same gap-tooth grin . one eyed thief ( cont 'd ) you just need to find someone crazy enough to show you the way . int . sewer - night tamara be the last to follow conan , the one eyed thief and the three thieve from before down a short ladder . below lie a darken catacomb , light only by they torch . one eyed thief this catacomb run underneath the entire city , even to the cistern that drain out from the fortress dungeon . tamara 's foot drop into knee high water . she immediately grab she nose . tamara catacomb ? you mean sewer . one eyed thief piss and shit be the last thing you need to worry about down here . 81 . tamara eye the muddy water , nothing visible beneath its murky surface . int . other sewer - night the group wade through the water , single file . conan notice hieroglyphics and carving on the wall of the catacomb . massive creature of the sea , dark sorcery , ritual sacrifice . conan what be it ? tamara a warning . this catacomb be connect to the sea . it say that the beast of acheron protect its secret . conan not from I . conan press on , into the darkness . int . cistern - night the catacomb widen out to a giant circular cistern , its wall rise up high into the darkness . as the torch bring light to the space , we see hundred of dead , rotting body . as conan and tamara walk forward , the one eyed thief and the other stop at the entrance . one eyed thief sorry , friend . we stop here . we have hear too much about what lie within to go any further . conan simply nod and the thief depart . conan raise he torch , illuminate the near wall . tamara where now ? conan around . up. conan head off one direction , leave tamara to navigate the other half . her torch illuminate the grizzly path ahead . she inhale deeply and take she first step . conan 82. follow the slick wall , he pass many dead body , but only one catch he eye . he stop before it . dead warrior nothing more than a skeleton , pick clean by the rat . but he still bear he leather armor , and a horn helmet that resemble he father 's own . conan take the helmet and place it on he head . it fit perfectly . tamara tamara be gingerly make she way through the knee high sewage water and the dead body submerge within . tamara oh !!! tamara leap up , swinging the torch down towards the water . conan , nearby , unsheathes he sword . conan what ? tamara something touch I . something slimy . conan walk over , the torchlight revealing something on tamara 's leg . it 's a slug , which he flick off . conan crom ! stop waste time . but when conan step forward , something roil the water right before he . he spot a huge tentacle just before its submerges back into the water . conan ( cont 'd ) crom indeed . then tamara scream as another tentacle rise up from the water , wrapping around she waist . tamara grab hold of the wall as the tentacle try to pull she underwater . conan immediately slashes the tentacle , pull tamara away . the squirming decapitate tentacle squirt black blood everywhere , the knee high water seem to come alive with roiling intensity . conan spin , find a circular stone staircase tile into the far cistern wall . 83. conan ( cont 'd ) let 's go . ext . circular stairway - cistern as they work they way up the circular stairwell , towards a thin shaft of firelight up ahead . int . dungeon - night carve out of solid black rock , both side of the broad corridor be occasionally punctuate by thick steel door , lead to prison cell . conan and tamara emerge from a sewer drain , push they way to the floor of the hallway . the heavy darkness press in on conan 's torch like a sentient , animate thing . the floor of the corridor be line with dead body , in vary state of decay . there be bucket , fill with entrail and fece , upend . tamara put she hand over she mouth . conan continue down the hallway . he and tamara begin to hear the sound of eerie chanting . tamara what be that ? up ahead , the torch - line dungeon plunge into darkness as the torch end . conan hold up he own torch , struggle to peer into the black void . conan nothing good . conan take a step forward when suddenly a powerful wind blow out he torch . a moment later , there 's the sound of a gate whistling down and crashing into the ground . in the darkness , come a deep , earthy chuckle . voice ( o.s. ) welcome . a host of oil light suddenly come up , revealing that the gate that close behind they be actually just a door to a vast cage build around a massive pit . 84 . int . the pit - night the same pit where fariq sacrifice the female monk , only now , a half dozen combatant stand on the grid above the void . hanging high above the pit , in basket , lie other prisoner , include tamara 's fellow female monk . several of they yell out tamara 's name as they see she . and watch everything , from a amphitheater above the cage , be the massive akhun and several of he slaver . akhun which ever one of you slave get I the girl , life . the combatant all close in on conan and tamara , each take a different plank way to get to they . conan ( to tamara ) stay behind I . tamara step behind conan , who block the other ' path to she . conan ( cont 'd ) who die first ? the first two combatant attack as one , the first wield a short sword , the other a pike . the pikeman thrust first , conan deftly step aside , then pull the pike , send the wielder off balance and into the abyss . the prisoner with the short sword do not fare much better , as conan evade he swipe and decapitate he with a single blow . tamara tamara see that the prisoner basket be suspend by the top half of the metallic cage . she begin scale the cage , she eye set upon the imprison monk . conan Three more combatant step in to replace the fall duo . conan ready himself as the first one step up , only to have the combatant suddenly grab by a enormous tentacle , much like the one conan cut through earlier . tentacled monster 85 . up from the darkness of the pit come a gargantuan monster ; a gigantic octopus-like behemoth , with multiple tentacles that feed a pulsing black orifice line with razor sharp tooth . the creature reach out and grab another scream combatant , lowering he to its mouth and devour he in its gnash maw . the creature reach for conan , who duck underneath the tentacle , the slice it off . he immediately turn back to check on tamara -- and he discover she 's not there . he look up to see tamara scale the cage , now nearly fifty foot directly above he . conan ( cont 'd ) crom ! akhun the massive warrior spot tamara get close to the prisoner basket and motion to he two jailer . akhun get she ! tamara she 's reach the base of the chain support one of the basket when she spot the two jailer close in , climb towards she from either side . conan spot tamara overhead , conan try to keep beneath she , evade the swarm tentacles while balance on the rickety plank . tamara she 's scale down the basket support chain when the first jailer reach out to grab she . she react by gashing he eye , and as he instinctively grab they , he fall toward the pit . conan conan barely dive out of the way as the fall jailer smashes through the plank he be on , force conan to jump to another . just then another combatant come swinging for the cimmerian , force he to defend while still not balanced . 86 . tamara the next jailer grab she , pull she off the cage . he struggle to pull towards a nearby exit hatch when she bite he ear off . the jailer drop tamara , who scream as she fall . conan conan spot tamara plunging towards he . in one swift move , he slashes he opponent , duck underneath a writhe tentacle , and reach out to grab tamara by the arm as she fall . his shoulder nearly pop out , but he manage to hold onto tamara . tamara she swing above the chasm , the gnash tooth of the monster below she . only a single splintering plank hold she and conan aloft . conan with a grunt , he swing tamara and throw she to safety , at the edge of the pit . but as he get to he foot , he spot the massive akhun enter the arena . akhun the giant warrior grin as he board the same plank as conan . he thrust he thunderous leg down , cause the plank to bend and warp . conan struggle to balance on the undulate plank , but he training in cimmeria serve he well . akhun smile and step closer , again thrust down with he leg . conan 's balance be throw , but there 's no other plank close enough for he to jump to . akhun ( cont 'd ) you will make a nice meal . akhun step down on the plank one last time , but this time conan use the momentum to springboard up into AIR . conan soar into the air , he cat- like reflex keep he focus as he land right before the stunne akhun . with one great slash of he blade , conan eviscerate akhun . 87 . akhun 's innard drop out of he belly as he fall into the abyss , only to be snap up by the massive beast . CUT to : int . arena of the pit - later conan lower down the last of the basket . tamara use a sword to smash open the lock , freeing the prisoner inside . tamara share hug of joy with the other monk of she flock . the woman look wear , but unbroken . tamara where be ilira ? female monk she be take away by fariq . tamara then I be too late . one of the stronger look woman , a elder monk , step forward . elder monk no . she be just take this morning . it 's not yet midnight , and khalar still must bring she to the cave of acheron . tamara nod and the woman begin to arm themselves . conan shake he head at the rag-tag group . conan you be go to fight khalar 's troops ? just you ? the elder monk grab and nearby pike and twirl it expertly about she body , clearly well verse in it use . tamara cimmerian be not the only woman who know how to fight . and to kill . tamara look at the other monk . tamara ( cont 'd ) we duty be to keep the queen safe . we fail . but if khalar bring she to acheron , it will rise again -- and all we people ' sacrifice be for nothing . ( more ) 88. tamara ( cont 'd ) so if the queen be not free by the stroke of midnight -- she must be already dead . the other monk nod and they start to head off . tamara be the last to head off , she eye burn into conan' . conan you want my help again . tamara no . you keep you word , I will keep mine . I pray you fulfill you debt . tamara kiss conan 's cheek one last time and head off . int . catacomb - night the monk travel in single file , the elder monk lead the way . suddenly , she stop , motion to a entranceway ahead . elder monk ( whispering ) Guard . tamara ( whispering ) do not kill he . we need to find out which way ilira be take . the elder monk nod and slip up ahead . we hear a smash . int . catacomb entranceway - night the stunne guard lie before the assemble monk . tamara glare down at he . tamara tell we where the last girl be take . the Guard just laugh at they through bloody tooth . conan ( o.s. ) let I ask . the Guard 's face drop as conan step out from the darkness . tamara you debt -- 89 . conan will be where you queen be . tamara smile . she know it be a half truth . int . fortress - throne room - night as conan and the monk enter , the throne room be empty , scattered light barely illuminate the expansive chamber . ilira sit on the throne , crown on she slump head . tamara run over to she . tamara ilira ! she raise ilira 's head , only to discover lifeless eye . tamara cradle she best friend 's face . tamara ( cont 'd ) she 's dead . it 's over . voice ( o.s. ) not yet . before the monk can react , arrow streak out from the darkness , kill they all . only conan be quick enough to dodge he arrow by diving aside . when he come up , khalar have tamara , he sword at she neck . several archer stand behind he , at the ready . khalar singh it 's only begin . because that one be not the heir to acheron . khalar smile down at tamara . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) she be . slowly , what he 's say dawns on she . tamara no . it can not be -- khalar singh secretive , the traitor of acheron . it be not easy , but fariq finally wrung honesty from the girl . that poor innocent be force to live a lie , even as the truth be keep from the queen herself . ( more ) 90 . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) ( to conan ) and you do the rest , barbarian . my thanks for deliver the Queen to I . tamara no ! suddenly , a trap door open beneath conan and drop down in the darkness , landing with a heavy thud . int . forge - night conan awaken to the familiar sound of a hot blade sizzling as it hit the cool vat . but this be no dream of he father 's forge -- as he look up to see fariq hold a sword , its tip still red hot , the flame of the fortress 's forge behind he . conan 's thrust forward , only to find he armed chain around a heavy mortar and stone pillar . fariq stroke he newly acquire scar . fariq at last you awaken , cimmerian . it 's be hour you have make I wait for my fun . conan say nothing , but he eye scan the room , take in everything . fariq ( cont 'd ) you make I lose face in front of my father . that be not wise . but what should I expect from a cimmerian ? conan a swift end ! conan strain at the chain , rip the skin beneath he shackle -- but a thin wisp of mortar come loose from the pillar . fariq hardly . but that be a difference between you and I . a swift end would be a mercy I do not intend to grant . no , you must suffer for you transgression . ( more ) 91 . fariq ( cont 'd ) you must beg for you suffer to end . just as you people do . he wave the glow sword tip in front of conan 's face . conan you lie . I be there . my father never uttere a sound . fariq laugh , amused . fariq you be there ? what be you do , warrior ? watch you father die , without say a sound ? take you eye will be justice indeed , coward . fariq push the hot tip of the sword against conan 's skin . conan 's face redden with pain , but he do not utter a sound . but as conan pull on he chain -- more mortar fall . as fariq turn back to place the sword in the forge , conan notice one of the brick the chain be fastened to be loose . conan I see my father die . slain by one who can only kill man already on they knee . fariq turn , he eye blaze . he glance over at the two guard by the door , who try not to listen . fariq I have kill many in battle , cur . conan really ? then why do you father not let you face I before , when I have sword in hand . he think you unequal to the task . fariq respond by push the red hot blade against conan 's chest . conan just yell back at he . conan ( cont 'd ) coward ! prove you strength ! again , fariq push the hot blade against conan 's skin . conan ( cont 'd ) take my eye , coward -- if you can . 92 . fariq yell and thrust the tip of the sword at conan 's head . conan lift he manacle , force the blade up into the brick hold he chain . then conan pull on the chain with all he might , loosen the heavy brick , which fall to the ground . in one powerful movement , conan begin swinging the chain with the mortar block on the end , a homemade ball and chain . the two Guards come forward , sword draw , only to meet with a crunching blow by conan 's weapon . both they head get cave in . fariq rush conan , get in too close for conan 's wide swing . conan simply meet fariq 's sword with the heavy chain , then encircle fariq 's neck with the steel bond . fariq choke , fall to the ground , gasp for air . but conan do not kill he -- yet . the forge a vat of molten steel bubbles in a cauldron within the forge . conan use tong to lift the cauldron out . fariq conan kick he onto he back . fariq 's last vision be that of conan , tipping the cauldron , the hot iron descend toward he eye . fariq scream . conan reach down and pick up fariq 's sword . the sword conan' father made for he . ext . sea peninsula - night by torchlight , khalar Singh lead he black - armored personal guard , two dozen man strong , across a rocky peninsula , jutting out into the sea . on the back of khalar 's horse , bound , ride the helpless tamara . as they round a large rock spire they spy a fearsome and awe inspiring sight . a massive skull , seemingly a natural rock formation , rise over the peninsula . as they ride closer , we can make out one more detail -- the mouth of the skull be actually a massive door , at least sixty foot high , and seemingly make up of jag bone . it have the appearance of tooth , complete the skull illusion . 93. int . acheron cave - night it take the full complement of soldier to open the enormous door . khalar Singh ride in . moonlight from the huge eye of the skull illuminate terrifying face in the darkness . face of demonic warrior statue . at they foot lie the decaye bone of human skeleton , too numerous to count . tamara this be no empire , only a graveyard . khalar singh you see only with you eye . khalar nod to he man . two guardsman take they torch and light other torch set in the wall . it set off a chain reaction . as far as the eye can see torch ignite revealing the true scope of this place . a enormous cave , the wall line with monumental column that frame countless bas relief carving of demonic origin . and at the far of the cave , a altar sit beneath a raise throne , surround by a sacrificial pool . the pool be empty . khalar turn to he guard . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) Close the gate and stay here . send my son to I when he arrive . ( motion to two of they ) you two , come with I . the altar khalar dismount at the sacrificial altar , carve of out of purple - shade rock . around its edge be deep channel , for the blood of its victim . and on its four corner -- shackle of bone . khalar singh the acheronian have a wonderful sense of balance , do not you think ? for one to ascend to royalty , another must fall . with the flick of a wrist , khalar cut tamara 's bond . 94 . tamara head butt he , struggle to escape , but khalar absorb the blow effortlessly . he throw tamara upon the altar , he two guard shackle she in place . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) for a hundred generation the king of acheron be crown , and the queen be sacrifice . khalar snap he finger and two guardsman bring a ornately carve BOX made of bone , lay it before the altar . like a chinese puzzle box , khalar manipulate the carving of skull , sacrifice , and creature until the box unlatches . and from the box he lift two item . a crown of gold and a crown of iron . the crown of gold be magnificent , ornately detailed gold that glow in the firelight . but the crown of iron be terrifying . huge rough spike extend from it in every direction . it look more like a weapon than a crown . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) what a day for you . this morning you be a handmaiden . tonight , you be a queen give birth to a empire . CUT to : ext . cave entrance - night bloodie and weary , conan approach the Skull rock . he have nothing more than he sword , he loincloth and a small burlap sack tie to he hip . he stumble , fall to he knee . his wound have take a grave toll . still he stand and press on . he push on the door . they do not budge in the least . he put he shoulder to the door -- he every muscle strain to they utmost . again -- no movement . conan back away , take stock of the surroundings . he climb up the side of the rock . int . acheron cave - night khalar Singh chant in acheronian . ancient , harsh word , as he lift the two crown overhead , offer they to the statue of dark god all around . 95 . tamara stop . you do not know what you be about to do . khalar singh but I do . for thirty year I have dream of this day . the day we people rise from the ash . khalar Singh continue he chant and place the gold crown upon he head . as he do so , the light from the moon reflect off the crown , bathing the sacrificial pool in a unnatural glow . thump -thump . a deep and forebode sound echoe throughout the cave , shaking everything like a earthquake . it sound like the heartbeat of a giant . khalar next place the iron crown around tamara 's head . she thrashes and struggle but to no avail . once the crown be around she head -- thump - thump ! the spike around the iron crown grow short as the spike drive themselves into her head . she scream in agony . blood drip from beneath the crown , flow into channel around the edge of the altar . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) it begin . you give birth to a empire . ext . the side of the skull - night conan climb -- muscle strain -- slip -- hang on by one hand -- and climb again . thump -thump . the statuary shake , indeed the whole earth do . conan nearly slip , but keep he grip . conan crom . he reach the eye of the skull . reverse angle with the moon over he shoulder , conan stare down at the unholy sight before he . we pull back revealing tamara , she blood drain from she body . 96 . int . acheron cave - continuous tamara , she face pale from blood loss , begin to pray in pain whisper . khalar singh it 's good that you pray . god will be here soon . tamara struggle to speak , she body wrack with pain . tamara he will -- be---here--sooner . khalar singh who ? conan ( o.s. ) I ! khalar turn to see the outline of conan , frame by the moonlight , look down at khalar from atop of one the warrior statue . a thick vine dangle nearby , conan 's route down from the cave roof above . conan then leap down to the skeleton cover floor before the altar . it be a kill floor . the two guardsman leap for he , but conan dispatch they with a pair of strike . both fall down dead . conan meet tamara 's eye , a look of determination , assurance . he start toward the altar . khalar singh I will say this for you , barbarian . you be hard to kill . conan let she go . khalar singh you have face I before and lose . what do you think have change now ? conan my purpose . conan lunge for khalar , they sword meeting with a flash of spark . they fight to a brief standstill when --- thump , thump . the altar 97 . tamara writhes in pain as the spike drive deeper into she head . more blood pour forth . the blood in the channel speed up and find the channel lead down to the sacrificial pool . conan make another movement toward the altar , but khalar nimbly block he path . khalar singh you be strong , cimmerian , but we both know you be not my equal . conan take the burlap sack wrap at he hip pull it off . conan once you use my father to teach you son a lesson about strength . now let I teach you . conan toss out what be inside . it fall to the ground , roll to khalar Singh 's foot . fariq' head khalar look down at the ground -- at the head of he beloved son , he eye go , replace by molten metal . khalar tremble in shock and rage . khalar singh no . khalar reach for the severe head , give conan a brief window to rush to tamara 's side . conan try to lift she off the altar , but the bone shackle still pin she down . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) cimmerian !!! enrage , khalar charge conan throw all he skill and force into a all - out attack . conan simply sidestep it , then shatter the bone shackle hold one of tamara 's wrist . before he can shatter the other , khalar charge again . khalar swing , conan spin , he blade catch khalar 's just inch from he face . conan throw khalar off he , knock the warlord back ten foot . khalar 's attack be feral , uncontrolled . he 's lose he balance . spin and strike blindly , conan smashes the second shackle on she wrist . he continue he motion , bring he sword around to meet khalar 's next strike . 98 . now khalar look like the enraged amateur , and conan the more polished warrior . they battle take they away from the altar . with she hand free , tamara struggle to pull the spike out and remove the crown . the killing floor conan repel another khalar attack , this time strike khalar 's chest and draw blood . the guardsman arrive from the other side of the cave , draw they sword . khalar wave they off , he fury aim at the cimmerian . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) the Queen . shackle she ! the altar in agony , tamara pull one of the spike out , then another . she push with all she might , lift the crown of iron off she bloody head -- when the guardsman charge she , pin she down , and force the crown back on . thump , thump ! the crown spike imb themselves even deeper as tamara scream . the blood now fill the channel of the altar . we follow the trail of blood , down the side of the altar , in a spiral channel around the leg , and in a wide circle around the altar until reach the channel 's end -- the first drop of tamara's blood touch the sacrificial pool . it boil instantly , multiply itself exponentially , bubbling forth and fill the entire pool . and all hell break loose . a massive earthquake jolt the entire cave . the killing floor as khalar Singh and conan battle , the ground beneath they on the wide cave floor crack and splinter . thump -thump ! the earthquake intensify and the entire floor of the cave give way , tumble into a incredible abyss . conan and khalar alike grab onto the only rock they can reach to prevent they from fall further . 99 . conan end up against one of the wall on the side of the cave . khalar cling to the rock on the edge of the sacred pool . they body be illuminate by a fiery glow . they look below , search for the source of the glow . acheron another two hundred foot deep lie the golden spire city of ancient acheron . the cave be but a forechamber , the slight taste of the true glory and horror of acheron . and as they stare down into the ancient city , the shadow there move . be it a trick of the light ? no . whatever the dark form be , they be come this way , climb the tallest demonic spire and leaping impossibly far to climb up after conan and khalar Singh . khalar gaze down at the city with wide eye . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) Beyond my dream -- the altar tamara , she body 's blood nearly drain , be still shackle to the altar , which now teeter over the edge of chasm , poise to fall into the fiery depth . tamara conan !!! conan on the other side of the abyss , conan spot she and scale the cave wall , up to a tiere plateau . he move quickly , try to get to tamara . khalar singh khalar watch , entrance , as the first of the creature rise out of the pit . they climb the wall like insect , cling to the wall , they head swiveling like a praying mantis . acheronian warrior the look like the statue above -- a hybrid -- part human , part demon . they skin be a perfect black , armor carve of black bone , face once human but now demonic with blood red eye and gnash tooth . 100 . they advance on khalar Singh , who be furthest down now that conan climb upward towards tamara . khalar singh ( in acheronian ) I be khalar Singh , King of acheron . I command you to kneel ! and this demonic horde advance right for he , they razor sharp tooth bare . unsure , khalar grip he tulwar tight . the demonic creature draw close , and they -- kneel . they climb out of the abyss and immediately lower they head before khalar Singh . out of the corner of he eye , khalar spot conan , draw near . khalar singh ( cont 'd ) ( in acheronian ) show he the might of the army of acheron ! but they do not rush to follow the order . they stir . one of they with more ornate bone armor than the rest look over at khalar 's guardsman . acheronian commander ( in acheronian ) first , we feed . its voice be somewhere between a whisper and a hiss . khalar singh Fine . take you fill . I will kill he myself . conan conan be on a intercept course with tamara , leaping across chasm from statue to statue . just below he , the first wave of acheronian Warrior reach the khalar 's remain guardsman . khalar' guardsmen khalar 's guardsman , who have be watch the event with mouth agape , realize the danger too late . the horde of acheronian Warrior leap on they and a massive battle ensue between the demonic warrior and the soldier . conan his climb be dizzying , reminiscent of he youth scale the cliff of cimmeria . 101 . khalar intercept conan just below the altar , he tulwar at the ready . conan you story end here . the two warrior square off , fight even as they cling to the statue . acheronian warrior the demon warrior not only slay khalar 's guardsman , but rip they still live body apart , dousing themselves in the blood of they victim . it be a violent ritual , both bacchantic and gruesome . khalar launch himself at conan , he tulwar sparking off the stone statuary . conan leap to another statue , parry the blow . khalar overextend himself , and conan 's sword just barely miss he throat . khalar pull back , try to settle himself . conan 's eye narrow , he know what khalar be do . conan ( cont 'd ) like a woman , fariq cry and begge I to spare he . khalar roar in rage , launching a all - out offensive . conan back up slowly , wait for he moment . and it come quickly . conan duck below the tulwar and cut khalar across the stomach . khalar lose he balance and fall , one hand grab a protrude statue arm , dangle over the abyss . conan raise he sword to finish the job . tamara ( o.s. ) conan !!! conan glance down . the acheronian Commander drank he fill , and now move to the altar itself , he claw stroking tamara 's body . with one touch , the shackle open . he and the acheronian Warrior drag she pale body toward the abyss . khalar grin up at he through bloody tooth . 102 . khalar singh they take she to a place you can never follow . who will you fail , cimmerian ? you father or you woman ? conan leap down to the altar . the acheronian Warrior attack . stand atop the altar , conan cut down all comer , cut he way through the enemy , work he way to tamara . conan tamara !! they leap on conan , impossibly fast . they stab he . they cut he . but he do not stop . even wounded , he throw they into the abyss . and he reach tamara , just before the Commander drag she below . he grab she arm . the Commander grab she other arm , bare he shark - like tooth . blam ! conan punch he in the mouth with he free hand and the Commander fall into the abyss . the bloody conan pull tamara up into he arm . only for tamara to scream . tamara conan ! conan spin just in time as khalar strike . khalar 's tulwar narrowly miss , and conan counter . his father 's sword run khalar Singh through . khalar 's body fall into the abyss . but the acheronian Warrior surround they . thousands climb out of the abyss , tooth bare , close in on the wounded conan . tamara , badly weaken herself , grab conan . tamara ( cont 'd ) conan , you know what you must do . kill I . conan no . tamara it be the only way to end this . my death give other life . conan I cannot . 103 . tamara you must . you parent both understand that purpose . now it be yours . live , conan . a tear fall from tamara 's face . the demonic warrior prepare to strike . conan drive he sword into tamara 's heart . the crown spike retract and it fall from she head , tumble into the abyss . boom ! a seismic explosion shake everything , a unearthly gust of wind pull the acheronian Warrior back down into the abyss . acheronian cave the cave begin to fall , massive section of the roof drop in to decimate the pyramid and the city below . altar conan pull tamara 's body away , even as the world descend into dust and debris . ext . cave entrance - night khalar 's horse stand near the entrance . conan put tamara 's body carefully atop the horse , then mount it himself . he position she in front of he , he arm encircle she . conan give she lifeless body one last kiss , she blood stain he lip red , as he mother 's do as a child . ext . high plateau - dawn a blaze sun threaten to explode over the nearby mountain . conan hold a single torch in he hand . his look be hard . grim . we pull back to reveal a funeral pyre , tamara 's body atop it . conan place the torch to the pyre . it quickly spread . we move in , closer and closer upon conan 's ice blue eye , a blaze fire erupting in they . a fire that will never be extinguish . tamara ( o.s. ) live , conan . live . fade to black .