concussion by Peter landesman base on a true story 10 11 12 cherry page 1.21.15 1. OPEN on extended title , a CUT assembly of home movie and tv footage : 1 ) rhinelander High , Wisconsin . 1970 . rockwellian americana : football cheerleader , full stand in tribal green & white , convoy of yellow bus . then -- 2 ) a teenage mike webster play for the hodag . biggest thing on the field , a unstoppable machine . now -- 3 ) Mike have break he arm , hold up he cast , big smile , proud warrior . then -- 4 ) Mike be 22 , wear Pittsburgh steeler practice uni , first day in camp . alone against the mountainous man , a haze . infamous '' nutcracker '' drill - percussive hit like car head - on , gun -shot . coaches scream : '' who 's a man ?! who 's tough ?! who 's gonna hit somebody ! ? '' 5 ) webster - now 27 , thicker , less joyful - win ABC Wide World of Sports 's '' strongest man in football '' contest . then -- 6 ) footage of the interior game . steeler vs. somebody . webster versus . the World . Men as big as wall , and when webster hit he , shovel - size hand clap he ear-hole . lightn bolt through he body , face in paralytic shock , and now -- 7 ) webster shower in post - game confetti win he fourth Super bowl ring . shoulder - press the Vince lombardi championship trophy . his countenance primal . now -- 8 ) back to that hit : webster 's helmet knock off , leave arm briefly hang numb . somebody 's scream , '' that 's it ! now that 's how you gotta hit he ! '' and now -- 9 ) a suddenly old - look webster rough it through the '' nutcracker '' . this time steamrolled by a new young steeler 's bad -ass , bearded , mountain -size . then -- 10 ) the hit again . webster get up slow . through he haze , hear : '' that 's it ! kill the head the body will die ! kill the head the body will die ! now run it again ! '' now we find -- 11 ) webster after a game , older , wander off the field . now - webster ( over ) ( intone ) this Hall of Fame class of player be a tremendous group . tremendous people . not perfect people -- 12 ) webster be 45 but look 60 . deliver he Hall of Fame speech in canton , oh -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 13 14 cherry page 1.21.15 2. webster ( cont 'd ) not people who be pretentious or whatever . Real people . and that 's what the game of football be about . and more manic , rambling scree . the game he love . the owner and coaches . cut to crowd - family , player - embarrassed , want this to end . then it do . titles end . Music end . we cut to black , and -- man singing ( pre - lap ) ( debarge 's ' I like it ’) I have be thinkin' / ' bout you for quite a while / you be on my mind everyday and every night / my every think be you , the thing you do / seem so satisfy to I / I must confess it , girl -- ( voice big , melodic if not great , continue as we come up to --) ext . pittsburgh - establishing - daybreak the rust - belt wake . Iron bridge like spoke of a wheel . wrecked fallow mill , reclaim by nature . the massive brand - new ground ufo that be heinz field , where the steeler play . the converge three river aflame all the way to the picket fence of Allegheny Mountains beyond . title : september , 2002 man singing ( over ) ooh ... and I like it / you send chill up my spine every time / I take a look at you / ooh ... and I like it -- ( now we go into - - ) int . / ext . bennet 's car ( moving ) / pittsburgh a blue mercede e320 sedan and find bennet omalu , 35 , shamelessly and sweetly sing . bennet I like the way you comb you hair / and I like that stylish clothes you wear / it 's just the little thing you do / that show how much you really care -- ( sing he way through - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 15 16 cherry page 1.21.15 3. the Hill ( ramshackle ghetto ) . then shadyside ( leafy wealth ) . then the Strip ( industrial hipsterville ) -- bennet ( cont ’d ) like when I be all alone with you you know exactly what to do -- over a span of iron into a downtown of metal and glass -- bennet ( cont 'd ) ooh ... and I like it / you send chill up my spine every time / I take a look at you / ooh ... and I like it / ooh ... and I like it -- ( and - - ) ext . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh bennet pull up beside he car 's silver twin . same make and model . in the shadow of a victorian stone monolith chalk by steel - mill soot . itself in the shadow of a cloverleaf of hum freeway . and bennet get out . and we see -- he 's incongruously - exquisitely - dress . tailore suit . crisp shirt . expensive tie ( presidential knot ) . down a ramp into a gape basement , recede down a dark tunnel , we -- hear - in pre - lap - people singing ( badly ) '' happy birthday , happy birthday to you - - " int . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - morning four technician celebrate a heavyset man 's 50th . cupcake scrawle , '' happy birthday Joe ! " balloon bouquet , a candle . the break room . with a window let out on the slab . where a shitbox tv play wheel of fortune . we be in the Pov of someone watch . the figure come into focus in f.g. , quarantine , isolate -- it 's bennet . stand - in scrub now . watch the other 's lip move , laugh . now grab portable CD player , and back to -- bennet ( pause at the party ) Gracie , may we begin , please ? ( and turn into - - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 17 cherry page 1.21.15 4. int . autopsy chamber - morning soaring tile chapel - like chamber , floor slope toward drain . Three steel slab with fresh corpse in various state of disrepair , four more in bag against the wall . while in the b.g. , dr . cyril wecht , 60' , in scrub , step back from a slab to let a tech finish up . bennet and wecht meet in the middle of the room -- bennet good morning , cyril -- as wecht pat bennet on the shoulder , move to table to fill out form . bennet check the clipboard -- bennet ( cont 'd ) ( check the clipboard ) Rachel Green first , please . gracie - early 20' , blue ribbon ( match she uniform ) twisted through she hair - go to what be a pretty woman , like she , early 2us . still dress for last night 's party . gracie full or partial , Dr. omalu ? bennet review the girl 's file . Police report . holding up she driver 's license . root around in she purse . in b.g. , prepping he own table , be daniel sullivan , 50 . Chief pathology supervisor . bald , dark pouch under he eye . steeler stuff under lab gear . countenance of a ill - humor butcher . sullivan open-shut o.d. -suicide . full room today . we need to cycle they through . bennet , move slow , ignore he , over the girl 's face , as if listen . bennet I need you help , Rachel . we be in this together . tell I what happen to you . and a hand on the body 's forehead , another over the heart . he open she eye . stare into they . connection . sullivan oh here we go . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 4a . wecht Danny , c’mon . let he do this thing . I hire he for a reason . ( to bennet ) I need to talk to you . come see I in my office when you be do -- bennet full autopsy . we will need the tissue dissection station . Sullivan stop . glare from he table . as a trainee tech , 25 , roll a trolley over . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 5 . bennet ( cont 'd ) that 's not mine -- Gracie fetch a different trolley . brand new knife still in plastic . scalpel . the instrument longer , more delicate . gracie ( sidebar the trainee ) Dr. omalu use different stuff . he make less of a mess -- as bennet set the volume on he CD player -- bennet let 's undress she , please . and feel the fabric of she shirt . the quality . the pattern . tech # 1 ( measure head to heel ) sixty-six - and -a-three -eighth . bennet let 's please wash the body . and as the trainee reach for a brillo pad , Gracie hand bennet a sponge . and he start carefully swabbing the body himself . pat it dry . lovingly . as if dabbing a baby . gracie ( to the trainee ) he like to do it himself . ( as - - ) bennet put on head phone . through he ear , and ours , come the open strain to teddy pendergrass 's '' Love tko '' . teddy pendergrass ( over ) bennet lookin ' back over my year / I bone see , please -- guess , I have shedd some tear / told myself time and time again / this time I be gonna win - - jump to : bennet hand Gracie a organ . we be framing high on he , shoulder , elbow . we know but do not need to see -- teddy pendergrass ( over ) gracie think I would better let it liver nine-hundred fifty - two go / look like another love gram . t.k.0 . -- jump to : he hand she another . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 6. teddy pendergrass ( over ) bennet takin ' the bump and the small tissue container . bruise / of all the thing of freeze I a liver sample , a two - time loser -- please , Gracie . and lift for the bone see . jump to : bennet reach toward the head . cradle a orb off to Gracie as if a fresh loaf of bread . bennet ( cont 'd ) ( Gracie take dictation - -) possible causal relationship between early head trauma and self - medication lead to narcotic abuse and overdose -- sullivan ( from across room ) you be not she shrink , bennet -- bennet if I know how she live , I x11 know why she die . angle on a window let out on the chamber . wecht stand there watch , shirt and tie , cinching the knot , turn for the stair , as -- teddy pendergrass ( over ) just tryin ' to hold on , faith be go / it 's just another sad song -- jump to : Gracie 's smock splash with fluid and blood . ( so be everyone else 's ) . bennet 's pristine . until some small fleck spray land , and -- he immediately slip off he plastic smock . Gracie - know he - slip a fresh one on . teddy pendergrass ( over ) ( cont 'd ) takin ' the bump and the bruise / of all the thing of a two - time loser / see I try to hold on , my faith -- now silence . body reassemble . bennet 's finger rest on the girl 's hand . feeling for spiritual pulse . on bennet 's face , peace . as Gracie zip up the body bag . and Sullivan glare -- bennet careful , Daniel . one day I might be rush through you autopsy . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 18 19 cherry page 1.21.15 7. bennet ( cont 'd ) ( and throw the use knife into ' hazardous waste 's --) omit int . wecht 's office - allegheny county coroner - day sit across from cyril wecht , Chief Medical examiner . 60' , celebrity pathologist : array of picture with elvis 's body ; jon benet ramsey 's file ; at the JFK assassination hearing . both in suit and tie . wecht 's eat a bagel . pull a bottle of johnny Walker from he drawer and pour a couple . wecht you know the reason you be not back in Nigeria ? bennet wecht ( cont 'd ) I remind you of you . only less handsome . wecht motion to bennet 's collar . something there . bennet brushes it off . and we realize : they be in identical suit . except - wecht point - to bennet 's chest pocket -- wecht ( cont ’d ) I do not have any . what the hell be they for , anyway ? just fill up with schmutz - — ( nod at autopsy chamber ) what the hell 's go on in there ? bennet I be do my work . I be fine . wecht you be not fine . Danny hate you gut . I have never see anything like it . ( pause ) you take too much time , bennet . bennet the dead be my patient . I treat they with respect . wecht treat they however you want , but do you have to talk to they ? maybe just talk to they in you head while you be - you know - work -- ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 8. wecht ( cont 'd ) ( bennet 's give nothing ) and we talk about the knife . you be still throw they away . they be expensive . this be Pittsburgh . we be a public agency . bennet would you want I to cut open you mother with the knife I use on a serial killer ? wecht do not tempt I . I have probably request it . wecht sigh . bennet 's not wrong . but still -- wecht ( cont ’d ) Danny may look like a butcher , smoke three pack a day , but he 's one of life 's unpleasant necessity . you will probably do he goddamn autopsy soon -- bennet that 's what I tell he . wecht I know you do . he tell I . why be you antagonize he ? ( and look at he ) you need a girlfriend . you have to touch someone alive once in a while . live woman be a pain in the ass . but occasionally they be amazing . ( --) so maybe just a little less of a artist ? be yourself , just play the game a little , okay ? ( as he slide across a thick file - -) bennet ( can not do it --) I have exam next week . wecht death row case . the guy 's be railroad . a thousand dollar for you . bennet look at he . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 20 21 cherry page 1.21.15 9 . bennet how do you become a professional expert witness ? wecht it 's not a profession , it 's a hobby . you and I have job , right ? so instead of watch baseball - or play bridge with my wife - I do this . besides , by the time you ball be hang as low as mine , you better be expert in something . bennet you be the best , cyril . wecht well , if you do not piss everyone off , you be go to be better . and bennet lean into crime scene photo , police and forensics report . Young woman rip and bloody . int . bennet 's office - county coroner - night bennet in he shitbox storage closet re-fitted as a office . ( we clock the high -school quality microscope he 's be give . the crappy ancient computer . all he frame degree stack on the floor ; no room to hang even one ) he root in he pocket for a small rusty crucifix , set it on he desk , and settles in amidst box of file . crime scene photo . bear down into the paper with he machine - like focus . then stop . close the file . get up , reach for he coat -- now , over this , in pre - lap , we start to hear the infinity thud of contempo-dance , and we cut to -- int . static ( dance club ) - pittsburgh , PA - night 8,000 sq. fot of throbbing university jock , yuppy , model wannabe . celo light strobing to kylie minogue . camera find bennet flush to a speaker , grip a Heineken . fastidiously dress even here , press jeans , buttone polo . good with rhythm , willing the bass and music to wash through . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 22 23 24 cherry page 1.21.15 10 . but a man apart in every way : he 's black , but no one else here be . do not notice , do not care . just groove solo to the mathematics of the music . his eye close , and -- we mute and go in there . his head . where there 's nothing but limbic throb . and disconnect . and so peace . his face placid . happy . hold a long beat , then -- it’s 3 am and we have go ravey electronica . bennet 's move liquid . more of that peace . hold on he in he solo bliss , then cut to -- int . bennet 's condo - night / pre-dawn eye focused like camera on the crime scene photo from the death row case . spread across a kitchen table . back to reveal bennet , there , still in club clothes . the note he take calligraphy - neat . bachelor pad sparse . microscope on the table . Forest of text book . square and align , like he -- closet . shirt and suit precision - hangere by color . a row of tie pre-knotted . shoe line up like soldier . now -- back to bennet . at he computer . which we see have a Pope John Paul ii screen-saver . Pope 's watch he . watch over -- bennet 's searing focus . and then -- and bennet be finally asleep atop he bed . then -- int . reception - law firm - day pale marble . White leather appointment . a sprawling view of Pittsburgh . the antisepsis of influence and success . we find bennet alone amidst the furniture . briefcase on he lap . jump to same a hour later . bennet have not move . one of the partner - mr. crockett - stick he head in . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 11 . crockett ( ignore bennet ) you sure Dr. bennet have not come through ? he be suppose to be here a hour ago . bennet I be Dr. bennet omalu . crockett Doctor bennet ? omalu ? ( bennet stand , and --) receptionist I be so sorry , Mr. crockett . I think he be here for the clerk job . 25 int . conference room - law firm - day partner lead bennet to a conference room . huge table cover in file and laptop . a half - dozen attorney huddle wait . scarborough ( look up , confuse ) where 's cyril ? crockett this be Dr. bennet omalu . bennet I work for Dr. wecht. ( after a pause , you gotta be kid I --) scarborough we guy 's gonna be put to death in thirty day , and we be suppose to get the hail Mary expert witness , and cyril send we this ? no offense . bennet ( a smile , none take ) you client do not do it . scarborough we know that . bennet you may know . but I can prove it . ( and we cut , and --) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 26 27 28 cherry page 1.21.15 12 . ext . industrial river bank - day wide of a weed - strewn empty lot . a king - cab chevy pick - up in the lee of abandon construction . side window blow , replace with garbage bag . as a harley bike enter frame crossing to the pick - up , cut to - a_rear-view mirror . in they , eye , slightly mad , try to recognize they own reflection . they fill the screen , then we widen to -- int . chevy pick - up truck - day mike webster , 50 but look 70 . unwash . Hair stringy . granular thickness everywhere , forehead barnacle with scar . finger mangle in a permanent curl , as if grip a ball . surrounded by soile clothes and ding - Dong wrapper . crucifix dangle from the mirror . pile of line yellow paper . cover edge to edge in scrawl . a equally massive man dismount the bike : 6'8 '' , 320 lb : justin strzelczyk ( strel - zik ) , 36 . heavy - bearded , plaid shirt , overall . a giant hippie . strzelczyk webby , hey man , love you dig ! ( no response ) webby , it 's jugger ! ( then ) Mike . it 's Justin . ( webster turn he big head , no recognition ) I will just sit with you a minute ? and slip behind the wheel . smell like ass . on the passenger seat : container of ammonia ; super-glue . webster ( awaken to where he be ) where be this ? strzelczyk this be Ohio . off some freeway . webster Ohio 's get the best truck stop . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 13. strzelczyk but this be not even that . this be -- I do not know what this be . strzelczyk pick at the yellow paper . start to read . then. reaches for webster 's knee . strzelczyk ( cont ’d ) my brother . be look for you . Pam say I might find you here . ( which tap webster into momentary focus ) webster jugger . strzelczyk we be all worried about you . and take a wad of toilet tissue dip in ammonia , put it to he face . eye flare -- '' do not do that '' -- '' keeps I awake ! do not want to fall asleep ! '' -- strzelczyk grab for the wad -- '' what the -- Mike ! '' -- two tree-trunk arm shovel - hand slap at it -- webster do not wanna fall asleep do not wanna fall asleep can not fall asleep -- a glimpse of the mess of webster 's mouth : tooth glue back in , gum bloody . strzelczyk you gotta let I take you back . ( webster can not remember ) you call a audible , Mike . you take off . ( pause ; then ) I hear you sell you Super bowl ring . you ring , man . webster non-responsive . then get out of the truck . agitate . can not get the word out . strzelczyk get out he side , come around . right up into webster -- strzelczyk ( cont ’d ) Pam be you wife . garrett , you boy - webster ( announcer voice ) -- be so ugly when he be bear he momma carry he around upside down for a week , think he only have one eye ! '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 14 . laugh line . but no one laugh . strzelczyk ( squeeze webster 's hand ) Mike . my knee be shot . I retire . I be do . I just want you to know . ( then ; afraid ) what happen when Mike webster fall asleep ? webster he remember . strzelczyk I be start to forget thing , webby . I be hearing myself say this stupid crap to my kid . I almost push keana into a wall , man . I never touch a girl like that . webster look at he . then get back into the truck -- webster do not give up , son ! ( strzelczyk leave a roll of hundred , walk ) finish the game and we will all be winner ! ( strzelczyk get on he bike and --) a28 ext . strzelczyk home - pittsburgh suburb - dusk Big rangy house of a pro athlete . strzelczyk play guitar on he porch , some mournful melody . Soft voice incongruous with he giantness . flanke by he son , 9 , daughter , 6 . car pull up . wife , keana -- 30 , thin , angular face , the opposite of strzelczyk -- cross to he with grocery . keana strzelczyk he really sell he ring ? ( he stop play - -) strzelczyk that be not webby . webby 's go . I do not know who that be . ( and back to --) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 29 30 31 cherry page 1.21.15 15 . int . chevy pick - up truck - day the plastic bag tape to the window breathe in and out like a bellow . webster fail at sleep . stretch across the trash . then fetal . now sit up . everything hurt . the mosquito rage . can not find stillness . he grip he head . sear hot pain . he reach for a taser . charge it . the prong jack up . a loud crack , like a gunshot . prime and ready . he 's sweaty . desperate for sleep now . pushes down he pants . thigh flesh already burnt . charre in place . bring the taser to he own meat -- do not even flinch -- triggers -- crack ! -- blue flash . and webster 's bulk be rag - dolled onto the floor of the truck , and we cut to black -- over black , in pre - lap -- rap rap rap -- the crack of metal on window glass , then -- int . / ext . chevy pick - up / parking lot - hospital - morning webster - hideously unclean , mouth a cesspool - wake in a entirely different location . forehead - down into the steering wheel . Security Guard , 60 , knock at he window . he open -- security guard Mike webster , right ? Iron Mike ? webster be not entirely sure . of that , or how he get here . look up to see he 's park in front of medical office . the guard thrust he electric bill at he . security guard ( cont ’d ) can you sign this ? my wife 's gonna . freak . out . some part of webster remember what to do . he scribbles something . then -- int . operating room - day tight on a surgeon peer through magnifier into the sheeted window into a open skull . finger probe , snip , suture with the precision of a watch repair . the brain a live breathe seeping organism . now surgeon 's do . and slip down he mask , and we have meet dr . julian baile , 46 . a nurse - '' Dr. baile '' - whisper in he ear , and -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 32 cherry page 1.21.15 16 . int . office of chairman , dept of neurosurgery - continuous baile - still in scrub - follow he assistant to he door . Louisiana Methodist . wrapped tight . Big gold watch . steeler superbowl ring on he hand . Office drape in family , God and football : bible ; frame photo of southern - belle wife , five kide ; baile as college linebacker ; shelf full of helmet : steeler , Cardinals . everything else be steeler : frame photo of lynn swann mid - air . other of baile on game - time sideline . with the lombardi Trophy . under the same post - game confetti as webster . to find webster pace in he manic shamble -- webster what do I do I be freakin overwhelm -- baile webster ( cont 'd ) we be go to get you some ritalin . help . what be you take ? baile webster ( cont 'd ) what about dexedrine ? the superglue . prozac ? klonopin ? still take all that ? baile call Pam . tell she we find he . tell she he 's worse . webster baile ( cont 'd ) you -- you be my doctor -- team doctor , Mike . I be everybody 's doctor . webster punch the side of he head . Bangs he fist against he prodigious chest . webster fix it ! in here ! in here ! I be die in here ! baile 's Assistant be in with a load syringe -- '' haldol 50 cc 's '' -- webster sweaty -- wave he arm . baile inject . as the giant body pour into a chair -- baile assistant what be I miss ? tumor ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 33 cherry int page 1.21.15 17 . baile his scan be normal -- ( and as he stare at webster , stump - - ) - court room - pittsburgh - day the gallery stand room only . the accuse , thomas kimble 40 , hulkish in he orange jumpsuit . crockett ( to the court ) the state have ask , after a lengthy trial , a death sentence , and two appeal , why would we learn something new about this case from you ? ( then ) Dr. omalu . do you have a medical degree ? bennet yes . from the University of Nigeria , in enugu , Nigeria . ( and then ) I do my residency at the Columbia University Medical School in New York . I have master degree in Public Health and epidemiology . in addition , I be a certified physician executive , and a specialist in emergency medicine . and I be of course board certified in Forensic pathology , clinical pathology and anatomic pathology . my specialty be neuro - pathology , the examination of the brain -- crockett about to move in -- bennet ( cont ’d ) so sorry -- ( not do ) and I be complete my mba at Carnegie Mellon University . crockett while work as a Medical examiner at the Allegheny County coroner ? bennet yes. ( and ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 18 . bennet ( cont 'd ) and , oh yes , before I arrive in America , a master in Theory of Music from the Royal School of Music in London . ( big easy smile incongruous to where he sit , then ) to answer you question , my specialty be the science of death . I think more about why people die than I do about the way people live . ( room quiet , awestruck ) I very carefully re-studie the interview with the defendant , Mr. kimble . and of course the autopsy report on the victim , who be kill quite brutally with bare hand . reaches for a stack of blow - up photo . top photo : hand shred , bone-crush . grey with death . bennet ( cont ’d ) hand of the decease . Broken nail . blood under the nail . bite mark . contusion . the hand of a woman who fight wildly for she life - and lose . now a set of male hand . splash in blood . crockett be this hand not Mr. kimble 's ? bennet they be indeed Mr. kimble 's . crockett do not that suggest that the state have the right man ? bennet I think so . until I hear hour two -hundre seventeen of Mr. kimble 's police interview . he be speak quietly , and off-mic , but I clearly hear he say - ( read from note ) '' I do not like blood . when I be a kid I have a tooth pull and I would not stop bleed . my parent would not let I play outside somtime - - " '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 19 . and we reverse on the prosecutor . on the cusp of realization -- bennet ( cont 'd ) I see no reference to this in any trial transcript . I get curious . crockett what about ? bennet hand . bennet hold up the victim 's hand alongside kimble 's hand . bennet ( cont ’d ) Mr. kimble 's hand have the victim 's blood on they . but no bruise , or bite , or scratch . I start to wonder if this two pair of hand could have be in the same fight . ( --) so my mind go somewhere new . if Mr. kimble 's family have a history of hemophilia . his father say no , and medical record support that . but there be a strain of hemophilia -- hemophilia a -- that be not hereditary , and almost unheard of , so never test for . I could not think of any other explanation . I order the test . ( and ) Mr. kimble test positive for hemophilia a . prosecutor again . the humiliation upon he . bennet ( cont ’d ) if he hand be the murder weapon , he would have ble profusely for a long period of time . he might have even ble to death . ( and now ) Mr. kimble 's hand may have touch the victim , to aid she , as he claim , but there be no scenario in which they kill she . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 20 . bennet ( cont 'd ) there be no question in my mind that if the state of Pennsylvania execute Thomas kimble , it will kill a innocent man . 34 int . bennet 's condo - night bennet on the phone . after a long pause -- bennet do you hear what I tell you ? ( a silence , then - ) bennetas father / phone ( over ) ( simply ) have you finish you schooling ? heavy nigerian . weary , perhaps with the time difference . bennet I will have the mba complete soon . bennet 's father / phone ( over ) and what be you go to do with all you degree ? bennet collect knowledge . I need knowledge . to run my clinic . bennet 's father / phone ( over ) you clinic again ( ? ) ( tired of this already ) a clinic require a physician . bennet I be a physician , papa . bennetas father / phone you bury the dead . bennet I help family understand why people die . I help the live and the dead . ( a long silence ) I be very good at what I do , papa . there be a art to what I do . ( even to himself he sound plaintive , and hate it ) and now a long pause . bennet can hear he father 's breathe . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 35 36 cherry page 1.21.15 21 . bennet 's father / phone ( over ) it be time to leave the classroom , leave the book . join the world of the live . with a wife , child . bennet onyemalukwube omalu : it be time to grow up and do something -- ( and the SOUND of a phone be bang down --) and we eye follow bennet 's to the wall . where portrait of he parent hang . his father impose ; a chieftain 's kaftan . his mother wrap in loud blaze color . bennet carefully fold a clipping from the Pittsburgh Post - gazette : '' save from execution '' , and a photo of himself . slip it into a envelope : '' Chief John Donatus omalu , 90 secondary School Road , enugwus - ukwu , Nigeria '' . seal it . mr . scott ( pre - lap ) -- and you have dominion over all . in you hand be power and might -- ext . ST . benedict 's - pittsburgh - day - establishing sturdy brick cathedral . massive crucify black saint broadcasting from the belltower . mr . scott ( pre - lap ) -- it be yours to give greatness and strength to all -- int . ST . benedict 's - pittsburgh - day Saturday mass . Black and immigrant congregation of 200 . one by one stand in pews , offer prayer of gratitude . mr . scott -- we God , we give you thanks and we praise the majesty of you name . female congregant I thank you , Lord , with all my heart ; in the presence of the angel to you I sing . I praise you name for you mercy and faithfulness -- bennet stop . turn toward that clarion female voice . African lilt . beautiful girl . delicate profile . bennet stare , then -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 37 cherry page 1.21.15 22 . his turn . he do not speak he prayer , he sing it in that big melodic heartbreaking voice -- bennet on the day I cry out , you answer ; you strengthen my spirit . all the king of earth will praise you , Lord , when they hear the word of you mouth . though I walk in the midst of danger , you guard my life when my enemy rage . ( as the congregation clap , feed off he energy --) ext . ST . benedict 's - pittsburgh - day service let out . congregant approach bennet , shake he hand , want to be near . pastor and church secretary hunt for -- father D ’amico bennet ! a moment ? we notice - but bennet would not - two steeler lapel pin on he frock : '' 10 - Stewart '' & '' 92 - Harrison '' . mrs . scott we have a new member , a young lady from kenya . she come to we a few week ago . she need we help . bennet of course . how much do you need ? father D ’amico she need shelter , bennet , until we find she something permanent . bennet Father . I be study , I work long hour . my book be everywhere -- mrs . scott what about that studio you sub-let ? be not that open now --? point out the girl with the clarion voice . prema mutiso , 24 . bennet who be she ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a37 38 cherry page 1.21.15 23. father D ’amico she 's a nice girl , from nairobi , go to a british school . and she want to work . we be let she tidy up around the church . ( bennet silent , so - - ) we be ask you , because we know she will be safe and care for . I feel God in you , bennet -- mrs . scott you know how this congregation look up to you . ( as bennet take she in --) Lovely , be not she ? ( yes she be , and we find they --) ext . ST . benedict / ext . bennet 's condo walk from the church to bennet 's - separate by a parking lot . a strip of generic faux - americana row-houses . bennet , stride fast , slightly in front -- int . bennet 's condo - day bennet show prema in . all she have in that small bag . they stand together in he little kitchen . her nearness like a electrical pulse . he be awkward . she be less so . her first act be to unpack she bible . we take she in : no makeup , she be simple , clear , gorgeous . bennet what kind of music do you like ? prema I do not know . bennet how be you for money ? ( no reply ) need be not weak . need be need . I know where you be -- ( and hand she some money - which she at first refuse ) for anything you might need . clothes . ( she give he a look ) you be here now . you have to be a better version of yourself . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 23a . bennet ( cont 'd ) if you do not know what that be , pick something and fake it . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 39 cherry page 1.21.15 24 . she take the money . he show she to a autonomous efficiency within , '' usually sublet this out -- '' . show she a door . hand she a key -- bennet ( cont 'd ) there 's a lock on you door . no one can get in . you have you own bathroom -- ( and hand she a key ) she 's not move . she 's look at he crisp suit , shoe . with a look of bemusement . prema what do you pick - to fake ? bennet a older bald white man . prema ( bemuse - - ) why a older bald white man ? bennet ( and get the joke . but still - ) he be the best at what he do . he be brilliant at what he do . that be why . ( she 's turn , start to go , stop , then - - ) prema I be a register nurse . at the aga Khan Hospital , in nairobi . ( now prema take the key and leave , and --) int . furnace / industrial ruins - day webster barefoot , shirtless , awash in sweat . Manic pull - up off the piping of a fallow iron blaster . aircraft - carrier size mountain of steel . his biceps and shoulder jack . now cradling a crack pipe . lift and snatching it overhead , ropy muscle teach , palm it chest level . clean - and -jerk . then crash the log down . and stare . paralytic . and now -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 40 4l 42 cherry page 1.21.15 25 . int . chevy pick - up truck - later webster sweat in a haze of pain . pile of note to self have grow . enough of whatever this be and reach for the taser . pant already off . eyeing the crucifix dangle -- the head charge -- crack ! -- he cook he thigh . blasted against the window . rag-dolls to the floor . spasm . then all slow . all of he . every molecule of he exhales . and we cut to black . and hear a light switch click on , and we be - omit int . bennet 's condo - same bennet find prema in he kitchen , '' oh , you be in here '' , and a declutter home . Chaos of book systemize by subject . he move around she awkwardly . she more comfortable than he . Breakfast await . local fare from '' back there '' . chapati . ugali . he stop . because -- the microscope have be move . from table to counter . and the tv on . unclear to he how much he like any of this . he eat read a business school text . stealing glance at prema as she move around the table , tidy . he be about to stop she , or suggest , stop himself , as -- we push past he to tv news footage : webster 's truck . tv broadcast ( over ) in recent year the dauntless webster have abandon he family , slip into financial chaos and homelessness , -- then the tv cut to a highlight reel of webster in he football prime , guard the quarterback like a secret service agent . and bennet grab the remote , shut it off -- bennet look , I do not really watch tv . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 43 cherry page 1.21.15 26 . prema then why do you have one ? bennet one have a tv in this country . ( then ) I do not usually eat breakfast . prema one eat breakfast in this country . ( and clasp she hand in prayer ) dear God thank you for the gift you have so graciously bestow upon I -- bennet , stunne , watch this , then close he hand in prayer , as - - — prema ( cont 'd ) please help we to continue to be deservant of we blessing . ext . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - morning the lot jamme with truck and van , satellite dish . Dozen reporter and cameramen . bennet 's mercede find a spot on the edge of the media circus . clueless , he head down the ramp to the basement off - load area . where he find Sullivan and Annie arrive . Sullivan wear he '' webster / 52 '' steeler jersey . Gracie 's wear steeler gold&black strung ribbon through she hair today . in webster 's honor . as they converge -- bennet who 's Mike webster ? ( Sullivan pause , disbelief , then - -) sullivan greatest center to ever play the game . a true warrior . bennet what 's a center ? gracie the big guy in the middle . they tumble inside -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 27 . sullivan my kid play because of that guy . he wear webster 's number . bennet 's eye go to Sullivan 's jersey . to the red-white - blue - star -stripe logo of the NFL . Sullivan follow he gaze . bennet I be very sorry . I just do not know who he be . sullivan ( realize ) you do not know football . at all . bennet I do not need to know football . now clock Gracie 's ribbon . sullivan I freakin can not believe it 's you . now wecht arrive , join they . bennet I be put on the schedule for today . I be on the schedule every weekend . wecht ( dad break up the kid ) c'mon , c’mon - - ( and then they 's be -- ) 44 int . allegheny county coroner bennet , wecht , Sullivan , Gracie and the other huddle , grim , around the slab . wecht I be go to have to give a statement . sullivan let 's just do the external . we be tight on bennet . he 's in he bubble , read through the emt report , medical record . Quick probe . General appearance . fingernail . scorch thigh - bennet he be tasering himself . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 28 . sullivan the whole town be out of work . he give we hope when there be no hope , ya know ? bennet can see inside the mess of he mouth from here . bennet full autopsy , please . sullivan hey c’mon there 's no need . to cut this man 's body . bennet I can not figure out what go wrong . sullivan he die . be what go wrong . bennet look at he tooth . he be pull they out and supergluing they back in . why do a apparently wealthy favorite son of this city become self - mutilate and homeless at 50 ? cardiac arrest may be how he die , but not why . a beat . they be all think . wecht pull bennet aside . wecht what he 's say be there be time when life ask you to leave thing alone , and time when you can not . bennet do you think he have want I to leave thing alone ? ( meaning webster ) for a moment maybe even wecht be not sure . wecht no , I do not . I never leave anything alone . that 's why people hate I . just do not screw it up . ( and leave , and as bennet turn to the room - - ) bennet let 's prepare the body , please . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 28a . 45 int . autopsy chamber - day bennet - teddy in he / we ear - at the dissection table . jump cut - the unpeel . the wash . the crevass , the face . ritual beyond respectful . almost tender . then -- teddy pendergrass ( over ) ( " if you do not know I by now '' ) all the thing that we have be through / you should understand I like I understand you -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 29 . now stop . Music stop . bennet stare down at webster . bennet ( quiet , intimate ) Mike , you need to help I . I know there 's something wrong . help I tell the world what happen to you . I can not do it alone . sullivan ( from he desk , over paperwork ) heart . attack . bennet perform the y-incision . bennet bone see please . bennet ( cont 'd ) teddy pendergrass ( over ) heart weight 327g . mitral I be not gonna do nothing to valve 10.4 cm ; aortic valve break up we happy home / do not 7.1 cm ; pulmonary - get so excited -- handing organ to Gracie one by one -- tech # 1 teddy pendergrass ( cont 'd ) right kidney 143g ... leave if you do not know I by kidney 158g - - now / you will never never never know I -- jump to : bennet at the dissection table . peer down , confuse . turn what he 's hold upside down and on its side then over again . hold it to the light . dictating -- bennet regular fold of gray matter . no mush . no obvious contusion . no shrinkage or erosion from Alzheimer 's s-- gracie what 's wrong ? bennet hold up the ct again for I , please . he 's compare what 's in he hand with the picture . Gracie hold up the mri beside the ct . bennet ( cont 'd ) how old be this ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 29a . gracie six month . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 30 . bennet set the brain down . stare at it . bennet this should be a mess . it look completely normal . gracie ( paging into the record ) record say severe head aches , double vision . voice . ( bennet look at she ) in he head . ( -- ) not see any document concussion . he do complain of dizziness . bennet how often ? gracie once . ( --) in eighteen year of professional football . bennet take the file himself . scan to the signature , team doctor : '' Dr. Joseph P. maroon . '' sullivan sign the certificate . sew he up . bennet let 's fix the brain . sullivan you know we do not have the budget for that . Gracie glance at Sullivan . he 's stand up . 10 staff have accumulate . wecht reappear , but stay in b.g .. bennet people do not go mad for no reason . I be go to keep look . sullivan no ! ( and bennet look at hima moment , and --) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 30a . bennet sullivan ( cont 'd ) Danny , you be out of line -- you do not speak to I like that . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 31 . bennet sullivan ( cont 'd ) and I be the pathologist on this be not you laboratory ! duty ! the pathologist of record ! bennet sullivan ( cont 'd ) my hand on this body . if I and you be wrong . be wrong JI be wrong . bennet not you . I -- ( loud ; big ; no one 's hear he voice raise before ) fix ! that ! brain ! sullivan I nil make sure they be not go to pay for it . bennet I will write my order for the test I want . a long tense beat . bennet look for wecht . wecht be go . he 's alone with Sullivan . then -- sullivan you be go to pay for they yourself . bennet please proceed , Gracie , thank you . ( and as he exit , slip off he smock ) and proceed up the stair --— bennet ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ; prayerful ; he do that ) he be a child of God , like you . you be here because other people fight you battle for you . and you be still here . ( and enter - - ) int . wecht 's office - allegheny county coroner bennet stand in front of wecht 's desk . wecht , in a suit now , do up a tie , read bennet 's test order . ( we get a glimpse at the list : tau -- beta - amyloid -- tdp - 43 protein -- ubiquitin -- alpha-synuclein -- silver stain -) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . + eh + % cherry page 1.21.15 31a. wecht in forty year , I have never request a panel of test like this . what be you look for ? bennet there be not a case , in a book or in life , where a man that healthy , go that crazy that young , with no visible abnormality of the brain . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 47 48 cherry page 1.21.15 32. bennet ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I do not know . what I be look for . wecht I can tell . it 's go to cost you a fortune . ( then , relenting ) if you have to play hero , just make sure we both come out okay . and there it be . bennet 's on he own . and -- int . bennet 's condo - day prema at the tv . she have new clothes . jeans , t-shirt . american . she 's watch a special on webster 's career . narration of hand - to-hand combat under a elegiac score . study all this . webster . football . America . ( domestic touch have appear . pillow on the couch . Flowers for the table . ) prema cross to the refrigerator . actual food in there now . reaches for a tupperware . peel the lid , and -- Inside , a bisect half brain . Gray , sinewy . float in a pool of formalin . label say '' Michael Lewis webster '' . she glance to the tv , to a tight of webster 's face . Black helmet . '' 52 '' . fierce eye behind the cage . daughter ( pre - lap ) Mom , dad 's sit outside again . int . / ext . strzelczyk home - pittsburgh suburb - day keana tidy she daughter 's bathroom . pause by a window . see strzelczyk sit in the rain , in the yard . keana strzelczyk Justin you weirdo . you keep do that -- she head down . stop by the front door . post-it on the wall : '' the people be evil . God speak to I . he say we have to get to higher ground - - '' son ( come up behind she ) daddy make this picture for I -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 49 50 a51 cherry page 1.21.15 33. and hand keana a stack of crayon drawing . Dark forest . chaotic sky . inspire , but apocalyptic . what the fuck ? and -- she head out there . we stay long , from the doorway , as keana head toward she husband . receding in frame until she get to he . they daughter step into view , watch , as - — - she reach he , and we do not hear what she say , it can not have be much . then he massive arm lift toward she . stop . he turn he head toward she . the look on he face . what he scream . she stumble back , what she 's see , slip drop like she 's be shot , and as she scramble away from he , we cut to -- int . autopsy chamber - allegheny county coroner - night bennet at a dissection table , meticulous , measure . alone with a half dozen body wait to be dissemble and solve . clock say 1 am . in he ear phone -- donnie mcclurkin / CD ( over ) ( '' we fall down '' ) for a saint be just a sinner who fall down / but we could not stay there / and get up -- suddenly , bennet shut off the music . turn to listen , as if to someone speak -- the body be dermal shell . open eye vacant . bennet I apologize . and slip the cover over the microscope . graveyard shift tech wave he down . graveyard tech you get something today . Left it on you desk . omit int . CITY bus ( moving ) - night prema sit bundle in hat and scarf . one of three passenger leave ( one of they asleep ) . near the end of the line . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 51 52 cherry page 1.21. 15 ext . street around bennet 's condo - night 34 . bennet 's car turn a corner as he Pov see prema step off the bus across the street . he pull over , open the passenger side door . ( a lab / slide tray in the seat ; he pick it up , make room . ) bennet ( call out to she ) hi . it 's very late -- prema I have a shift now . at a home . change old people . feed they . ( and as she shrug , it 's she work - ) bennet let I take you home . ( and she spot the tray of slide on he lap --) prema what 's that ? bennet Mike webster . ( and now we find --) int . bennet 's condo - 30 min later bennet stand over the kitchen table . over the microscope . the webster tray before he . amidst he medical journal and book . he 's still in he coat . tapping the book back into place . look back to -- prema . sitting on the floor , who have turn on the tv and be watch football clip on espn . bennet , moderately annoyed , still not use to another live body in he space . bennet do you need I to get you a tv for you room ? prema no , this one will be fine . the book and journal -- bennet you be read this ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . + eh % cherry page 1.21.15 34a . she nod , uh huh . nonpluss . she have one of they on she lap . occasionally glance at football . this confuse he . bennet ( cont 'd ) prema . what be you do ? prema I be study . but what she 's really do be wait . and give he space . she feel he anxiety . ( she feel everything about he . ) his anxiety be she anxiety . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 35 . now bennet open the sleeve of slide . stare at the they . focus . prema ( cont 'd ) ( nervous herself ) what do Iron Mike say ? bennet I do not know . prema I can not tell what you be more afraid of . what you will find , or what you will not . bennet look at she . understand . he turn to the microscope . wipe a slide on he sleeve . load it . peer . go still -- his finger calibrate the foci like pianist 's finger , like delicate multi-jointed spider leg . but he 's not see much . wipe another . load it . not get anything he get up . stands , think . sit , wipe , load another . this one particular slide . we find prema study bennet now . she 's turn off the tv . she 's wait , as -- we be tight on bennet 's hand . they be now grip the dissection table . he have see something . another slide . another . back to the first . he stand . sit . bennet oh my god . ( half stand now ) oh my god what be this ? what the hell be this ? ( then ) this be the brain of a 85 - year old . prema Iron Mike be 50 . please , can I see ? bennet ( load a different slide and step aside - -) this be what you brain look like -- ( she put she face to the microscope and see - - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 35a . a white snowy field . push in closer : shape appear . cell , neuron . faint , clean , pristine . like snowflake . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 53 cherry page 1.21.15 36 . bennet ( cont ’d ) this be Mike webster . ( load the other , and --) we see ugly reddish - brown splotches bleed across the pristine snow - field , drown the snowflake alive . bennet ( cont 'd ) that brown stuff be tau . it 's a protein that move in clump call neurofibrillary tangles . the tangles strangle the neuron from inside out . ( how to explain ) think of it like pour wet concrete down kitchen pipe . that 's what it do in the brain . choke it . prema what do that do ? bennet it turn you into someone else . someone you do not know . ( -- ) I have never see a brain like this in a man this young . I have never hear of a brain this damage in any man . bennet go to the fridge . pull the container of brain . a half loaf leave . as he cut a thin slice -- prema what be you do ? bennet test it again . I have to be sure . I have to be completely sure -- and now start a extended fast -moving sequence of cut and dissolves , start in -- bennet 's condo - accelerate time with bennet bent over book and journal which grow and change . bennet do not move , as '' bennet '' return with another box . then two more . book and journal multiply . '' multiple traumatic cerebral hemorrhages , 1924 '' -- '' observation on the pathology of insidious dementia follow head injury , 1959 '' -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 36a . the sun sink . the moon move across the sky . the sun rise . bennet still do not move , stare at page . now look up to -- CHRIS berman 's voice ( over ) ( play- by - play growl ) okay , you turn , Tom Jackson ! ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 54 55 cherry page 1.21.15 37 . CHRIS berman' voice ( over ) ( cont 'd ) who 's gonna get jacked up tonight ?! ( and now we 're watching --) espn monday night football pre -game bennet before he tv : host CHRIS berman and he chorus of three retire player . berman point to former bronco linebacker tom jackson . tom jackson well , somebody 's go to get jack up tonight ! ( and now we push through tv and we be 4 - walling - - ) the animated intro to the segment : '' espn 's jacked up ! ... bring to you by Texas Instruments '' . now we be -- inside qualcomm stadium , san diego tom jackson ( over ) Rams - charger . quarterback Mark bulger be go to deliver the ball to tony Fisher -- Rams 's receiver look back for the ball , be totally decimate by a forearm shiver to the head . the crowd go nut -- tom jackson ( over ) ( cont 'd ) donnie Edwards just level he --! and the head in slo - mo seem to break off at the neck . tom jackson ( over ) ( cont 'd ) all the announcers ( over ) ( call - - ) ( -- response ) tony Fisher get -- jacked ! up ! ( and - - ) ( now back to - - ) bennet 's condo . prema 's Pov of bennet at the microscope slide stack in grouping : beta - a4 amyloid peptide ; CD - 68 ; gfap ; luxol - fast Blue ; tau . bennet load slide after slide -- coach 's voice ( pre - lap ) ( scream ! ) only way to get that player 's hand off you be grab he by the throat and squeeze - choke he till shit run down he leg ! ( and now cut to a -- ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 56 57 58 59 60 cherry page 1.21.15 38 . college -level practice football field tight on a pair of player . the bigger of the two stabbing jabbing ramming he palm into the throat of the other , grip , release , grip , release , over and over until the other go down and lie break . now we -- bennet slip into we extreme f.g. , take this in , then turn , and the field morph and we -- find bennet on the periphery of a local high school field watch fifty 14 - year old do wind -sprint . joyful . they be ribbing each other . boy . then . whistle blow . and every player unleash on someone anyone to hit / spear with the crown of they helmet . crack ! crack ! crack ! like gunshot echoing from all corner . now -- back in bennet 's live room - tighter on the tv bennet watch tape of a pro training camp . lumber lineman run laterally to stretch a play . linebacker spear helmet into face , to crack jaw and neck . and back to -- bennet at the local high school field it 's be 60 second . the kid still randomly head -ramming . a few of they here and there staggering off . now back to -- the library that be now bennet 's condo every surface stack with book , journal . '' traumatic cerebral hemorrhage . neurology and psychiatry , 1929 . '' bennet 's midnight - to-dawn session intercut with prema watch NFL game . steeler , raider , dolphin . crack ! bennet glance only at the SOUND of helmet crash . prema study the game , the strategy . the quarterback scramble for they life , slip from the clutches of pursuer , launching pass that float impossibly into the hand of full - sprint receiver 50 yard away . prema ( to bennet somewhere else in the condo ) oh wow -- ( new fan ; as she 's clear the table ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 61 cherry page 1.21.15 39 . prema ( cont 'd ) you should watch this , bennet . ( as he lift he head to - ) big power running back ( nd college ) spin slide to daylight outrun a entire defense as if they be stand still . prema ( cont 'd ) it 's actually really beautiful ! bennet ! of crisp sunny day and long shadow and end - zone glory . Victory dance . cheerleader . spectacle . of big man wrestle in the mud , reach down to pull up comrade . of stand boil with ecstasy . there 's all that too . and we be back in love with the game -- prema ( cont 'd ) Tommy maddox be the most underrate quarterback in the League ! ( because she 's watch ) the tv , where the steeler be win a Wild Card playoff game against the Browns 36 - 33 . '' no time out , they have no time out leave ! '' and prema be hook . while bennet , inside he head , go -- bennet 's Pov / what he's seeing a animation of the deceleration of a football head . helmet collide with a knee . head halt abruptly . but the brain , float in fluid , keep go , smash into the inner skull , as a rubber ball might when smashed by a racquet . and we animated head - 4 - wall - morph in bennet 's Pov into the armored and cage head of Mike webster . he 's bent over . the other 20 player vanish , and it 's just he and bradshaw . Endless repetition . hut-snap . hut-snap . it 's a kind of clinic . this be how it 's do . the two of they a single organism , and bam ! and now -- it 's game time , and the field be full , the stand be full , and webster be nut - crack between two defensive linemen . and there 's webster 's rubber - ball brain bo - boing off the skull , skull off helmet , helmet off other helmet . and we reverse and we be look at -- bennet . study the tv . where there 's now -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 62 63 64 cherry page 1.21.15 40 . tv footage of veteran stadium , philadelphia eagle punter alone in backfield , about to kick . two jaguar special team back full - sprint from pincher angle -- tom jackson ( over ) now I really love this one . jorge cordova and Brian -- the back arrive same time . helmet into chest and throat . punter , crush , stiffen , as if taser , drop - — tom jackson ( over ) ( cont 'd ) all the announcers ( over ) and dirk Johnson -- got ! jacked ! up ! ( then back to --) bennet at the high school football field it 's be 90 second . bennet be simply walk away as the turf be like a battlefield of the exhaust . this whole sequence stop now . we slow . we be -- int . autopsy chamber - night clock say 4am . we be dollying slow through the autopsy chamber . silhouettes of fresh body on the slab . Light spill out of the lab . we follow it to bennet at a significantly bigger microscope than he have . rubbing the back of he neck . prema have put a couple chair together and be asleep under a blanket , between bennet and the corpse . keeping guard . against everything . her really astounding beauty . now tilt up to bennet stand over she . really see she for the first time . prema stir . eye open huge dark almond right up into bennet 's face . he be clear-head , suddenly . as if she 's hear something . her eye shift to a cadaver . its perfect stillness . bennet that be not who they be . ( then ; he expression ) I think I find a disease no one have ever see . not once . not ever . prema be not that good ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 65 cherry page 1.21.15 41 . bennet it 's a terrible disease . prema so what do you do ? ( so what do one do in this country when one discover a terrible disease . ) bennet I have to be sure . ( but then - -) o.s. , the SOUND of a door open . footstep approach . the fluorescent light bounce on in the autopsy chamber . revealing the row of dead face , and -- sullivan who 's back there ? ( bennet come out ) what be you do ? bennet work . sullivan you be not on the schedule . bennet I be use personal time . I need the microscope . sullivan in here be county time . prema appear . Sullivan leer . her clothes . her unkempt hair . he spot the blanket on the chair . sullivan ( cont ’d ) you bang prostitute in here , omalu ? bennet take three big step toward Sullivan . fist clench . prema - '' do not '' - slide between they , shove bennet back . as Sullivan walk away -- sullivan ( cont ’d ) they deport you weirdo for sick shit like that . and now we rise up to -- omit '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 66 67 68 69 70 71 cherry page 1.21.15 42. omit soaring giant black ST . benedict atop St. benedict 's . arm spread out over Pittsburgh . now across the river to -- ext . presbyterian university hospital - univ of pittsburgh - day - establishing - aerial bird ’s-eye Pov of the sprawling 10 - story complex . abutte Pitt 's coliseum - like football stadium . the dual - chamber heart of the sprawling city of higher learn . int . elevator - presbyterian university hospital - day bennet cradle the box . int . hallway - presbyterian university hospital bennet walk a endless hallway with a hundred door , where -- dr . ron hamilton - 49 , academic , cropped beard - be watch he approach from he office doorway - '' Chairman , neuropathology Program , univ. of Pittsburgh Medical School '' - hamilton what do you bring I ? bennet I need you to look at this cold . ( as they go into - - ) int . neuropathology lab - presbyterian university hospital and lead bennet into he office , digging out the slide . bennet step to the window , look down on massive heinz field . hamilton bennet . relax . I can hear you breathe . ( another look , then - -) Hamilton slowly lift he head . pause . hamilton ( cont 'd ) this be a really really terrible brain . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 72 73 cherry page 1.21.15 43. and we slam to -- int . hallway - presbyterian university hospital Office of '' Dr. Steven dekosky , Chairman , dept of neurology '' . out stride dekosky , a fit 55 . piss - off to be interrupt . and back to -- int . hamilton' office - presbyterian university hospital - pittsburgh - day hamilton ever meet the great man before ? ( bennet shake , no ) tough . one of the top brain guy in the world . expect two minute top . dekosky blow in . give Hamilton a '' this better be good '' look . dekosky that he ? ( Hamilton nod ) so you be we prize graduate . and cross straight to the microscope . great focus , long moment of this . then -- it 's very obvious . and he face they . in the presence of something monumental and know it . hamilton tell he . bennet that be Mike webster . the Pittsburgh steeler -- dekosky ( get to the point ) I know who Mike webster be . hamilton Steve . he be fifty . ( and that 's the point and -) dekosky look to the window , mentally shuffle through he decade of study , toil , research . the ten of thousand of hour . then reach for the phone -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 44 , dekosky ( into phone ) cancel the rest of my morning -- ( hang up ; then ) you have my attention . Hamilton nod , go. bennet dive bird hit the sea at 200 mph , generate 1,000 g-force at impact . each peck of a woodpecker produce a g-force of a thousand . 12,000 peck a day , 85 - million time over they lifetime . Big - horn sheep -- ( dekosky give Hamilton a impatient look ) hamilton bennet - — bennet all this animal have shock absorber build into they body . the woodpecker 's tongue come out the back of the mouth through the nostril and go around the top of its head . basically , it 's one big safety belt for the brain . ( then ) human ? not one piece of we anatomy protect we from that kind of collision . a human be will get concuss at 80 gas . the average head - to-head contact on a football field ? 120 ge . God do not intend for we to play football . hamilton let 's keep God out of this . and bennet go to a white board and draw the s’s / o 's coach 's diagram of football squad . offense . Defense . the back . the quarterback . and circle the center -- hamilton ( cont ’d ) bennet what 's the ' s’? the steeler . hamilton dekosky the ' o 's - - ? the nother 's . obviously . bennet the other , yes . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 45 . dekosky do you even watch football ? bennet not at all -- ( back to the board ) but I study Mike webster 's position . the one int he middle . the most violent on the field . the slap and the choke , the head as a weapon on every play of every game , of every practice . from the time he be a boy , then a college man , through a professional career . the thousand and thousand of hit that be not concussion . now circle the wide-outs , run back and safeties -- bennet ( cont ’d ) but this ? they be the fastest . bennet ( cont 'd ) they speed multiply by the speed of the man who hit they , and the trajectory at which they hit they , the g-force create - the same as get hit on the head with a sledgehammer -- hamilton slow down . the brain . get to the brain part -- bennet ( distinctly not slow ) Mike webster play eighteen year of professional football . 90 - thousand blow to the head during just he professional career , by my calculation . ( and now - - ) all this trigger a cascade series of neurological event that unleash killer protein upon Mike webster 's brain . the tangles invade and then strangling he mind from the inside out . leave he unrecognizable , even to himself . and before you ask I why it 's not the same as boxer -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 46 . dekosky bennet ( cont 'd ) dementia pugilistica -- why it be not the same be that when a boxer receive this kind of blow , it be once in a very long while . because he go down and he often do not get up , and the fight be over . it be not over and over and over every day of every week , week in week out , practice or game . bennet ( cont 'd ) I do not know the game . I have never play the game . but I be convinced play football kill he . ( and ) and there have to be other . dekosky how can you know that ? bennet common sense . but they be dead . or lose . like Mike webster be lose . dekosky I be not interested in common sense . the only thing that interest I be science , and science be know . bennet I know from this man 's record they doctor think they have early Alzheimer 's . which be statistically impossible . because it be not Alzheimer 's . it 's this . dekosky sit . dekosky Holy Christ . hamilton Steve . it 's a billion - dollar find . dekosky I do not like it . actually , I hate it . but as a scientist I can not deny it . bennet we need to tell they . now . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . + HH hhh HH cherry page 1.21.15 47 . hamilton the NFL ? what , like call they ? bennet yes . dekosky this be one case . bennet Men be die . right now . someone be get divorced . right now . someone be argue . right now . dekosky bennet . the only way people be take you seriously be if you publish . peer review . respected medical journal . hamilton we will coauthor , we name with yours . bennet with all due respect , under normal circumstance , I understand there be a correct way , but -- dekosky slow . down. bennet . ( then ) I will back you up , but we do this the right way . okay , a breath , get it -- hamilton and name this . you be go to have to give this a name . omit int . bennet 's condo - that night as bennet slip past prema 's little efficiency , the door open . prema step out . New dress . flower in she hair . bennet ( awkward ) I think you be asleep . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 76 77 cherry page 1.21.15 48. prema how could I sleep ? do they agree ? what it be ? he 's overwhelm . can only nod , yes , they understand . bennet prema ( cont 'd ) they be go to publish they ? with you ? with I . bennet prema ( cont 'd ) a medical journal -- with you ? and touch he arm . so happy for he she can cry . ( and maybe she do , a little . ) prema ( cont 'd ) that 's so great . congratulation -- bennet you be go somewhere ? prema yes , with you . to celebrate . and under a pre - lap throb of dance music , take in the full breadth of this woman , perhaps for the first time , then -- int . static ( dance club ) - night crowd , loud , sexy . bennet and prema awkward by the speaker in the strobing light . bennet can not connect to the music . do not really know what to do with she there . prema you do not dance , do you ? ( he shake , no , then - -) she 's drag he onto the floor . circle he , gorgeous fluid dancer and be all about bring he to life . she be so contagious bennet slowly forget all the thing that keep he from do more than listen . until it 's the other way around , and he 's put it out , and move . then they be back in - int . hallway - bennet 's condo - night they be pass she door on the way to he . they stop . he 's unsure . she 's not . he say , '' goodnight '' . she reach , get he hand , pull he in . and on she toe , kiss he cheek . and that linger . and then he 's take she face in he hand and bring it to he . and she 's push he into he room . then it 's -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a77 cherry page 1.21. 15 ext . allegheny county coroner - morning 49 , bennet park he mercede . a second one slide next to he . identical except in color . this one silver . wecht get out . like the suit , the car be the same . wecht carry two coffee , two brown bag . then -- wecht ( hand bennet a coffee , a bag , and as they walk around to the front - -) it 's weird to bring woman into a morgue at night . bennet she 's a friend . wecht you do not have friend . bennet I have a friend now . wecht Sullivan make a formal complaint against you with the county . bennet I be work on webster . wecht I know . I take care of it . what 's webster cost you , anyway ? bennet twenty -thousand dollar . ( then ) I save . everything . wecht how unamerican . ( then , after a beat ) apparently it 's be worth it . ron Hamilton call . chronic traumatic encephalopathy . have a nice ring to it . why do not you tell I ? bennet I be not go around you . I need someone with fresh eye . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 49a , bennet ( cont 'd ) someone who do not want it to be true or not true . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 50 . wecht I do not like it . but it be the right thing to do . this may come as a surprise , but I will never be the one you have to worry about . so what 's next ? bennet publish . dekosky want to coauthor . wecht dekosky , and --? bennet cyril wecht . wecht I be proud of you , kid . ( compare the two car ) should have get the silver . Blue show the dirt . ( and head in ) int . sport bar - pittsburgh - day the face be look at camera . watch the tv behind we . nowhere to move . nothing else to see or hear . we find bennet & prema in that crowd . hot wing and nacho . ( prema have bring along two or three friend from church . ) and we be watch they watch , and board the ride . and it 's loud and really fuck joyful . the game be a drug , a good healthy one , and we be rollercoast triumph and defeat and individual act of heroism . what be absolutely and undeniably great about this game . and -- bennet - this moment - be just one of they . Riding the ride . but one of they . a american . he 's touch and be touch . High -five and be high - five . and then camera tweak past they -- to a face deep in the crowd : Mike webster , lean against the bar , watch he old team . and bennet be remind . of everything . now cut to another screen show the steeler game -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 79 cherry page 1.21.15 50a . int . strzelczyk home - pittsburgh suburb - day where , in a single tracking shot , we pass keana and the kid watch in they man 's '' # 73 '' steeler jersey . camera pulling out of the live room , game and kid recede , as we push -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 51 . into the bedroom . where we find strzelczyk . heavier , dishevel . lip move in mute dialog . eye clock he guitar . grab it , wield it like a baseball bat . camera follows behind he downstairs , back into the live room -- keana strzelczyk Justin , what the hell be you do ? be you serious ? Justin stop ! what be wrong with you what the hell be wrong with you ! -- do -- not -- touch -- they ! strzelczyk I be get message . evil one . talk talk talk ! keana strzelczyk be you freakin serious right now ?! now explosion of wood and glass as he smashes the guitar into the wall . keana strzelczyk ( cont ’d ) ( weep now ; terrify ) oh my god baby what be they say , baby , please tell I what the voice be say -- strzelczyk kill you ! ( and now - - ) keana strzelczyk get out get out get the hell out !!! strzelczyk I do not know what I be do ! I do not know what 's happen to I !? strzelczyk 's look straight into he little boy 's stricken face . terrify by the terror in he kid . the part of he that know drag the other part of he out . keana strzelczyk ( cuddle the kid ) baby shh I need you to call 911 right now for I baby and tell they that daddy be in pain and to come here right away baby , shh , it 's go to be okay -- and bolt out the door after strzelczyk -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 80 81 a81 cherry page 1.21.15 52 . son ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) my daddy 's Justin strzelczyk the football player , what be happening please hurry up ! and now pre-lapping siren -- engine gun -- police scanner tone , urgent ... now we be -- int . strzelczyk’s truck eye in the rear-view . in conversation with someone inside he face . '' webby , what do we do ? '' hanging from the mirror : two pair of baby shoe . his eye see that , calm . now . a moment of repose . search the mirror . there you be . he 's cry . he know what he need to do . hand grip the wheel sure as ever . CUT to black . horn wail -- broadcast / tv ( pre - lap ) - this be live footage of the aftermath of a horrific head - on collision on the New York thruway - ( and up to -- ) pixilate tv footage of the NY state thruway spraye with a vast smoldering debris field the two truck mere pile of powder . body bag in the grass . broadcast / tv ( over ) - kdka have learn that one of the driver be retire Pittsburgh steeler offensive star Justin strzelczyk , who lead police on a forty - mile high - speed pursuit - ( fade out as - - ) pull back to reveal Julian baile watch this on he kitchen tv , and we cut to and find -- ext . football field ( univ of louisville ) - day bennet stand in the rain / snow , watch the university team finish up practice . a mud bowl . burpy . windsprint . everyone 's filthy . Pigs in shit . look fun . end whistle , one player break away . stampede at we . bennet start to laugh . this be amobi okoye , 19 and enormous : 6'2”/300 . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 53 . okoye bennet !? nwokem kedu ? bennet ( big laughter ) you giant american baby ! you look like a giant american dirty baby ! kedu ka mma-mma gi meah ? bennet ( cont ’d ) okoye o noh to nke ifeoma ? eeah . maalu to oge obuna icho ibia , anom mia , oge obuna . and big laughter . in he native tongue , and with he cousin , he be more the man of where he come from . bigger . bennet ( I and the giant - -) they send we both to America . to see which one survive . the David and the goliath ! ( and he hand say who be who , and then - - ) okoye you be just a professional student ! do you have time for any other thing ? bennet superman ! now amobi realize how far bennet 's come . confused . okoye what be you do here , my cousin ? do somebody die ? b81 int . diner - louisville - night bennet and amobi . coffee. untouch . the glee have go . bennet have tell he . okoye what be the chance ? bennet for you position ? they be good . okoye you be not even sure of this thing . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 54 . bennet you will forget you own name . amobi okoye . can you imagine not know that ? okoye who imagine that ? bennet you be part of I . I watch you be bear . I be ask you . stop . okoye I step on the field I always know I can be hurt . more than hurt -- ( and snap he finger . like that . ) maybe I play two year then I be out . you know what 's next ? most of they get fat , bankrupt . they sell car , insurance ( sneaker ) , I do not know what they do . this be my time before that time . ( then the crux of it , the arrogance return ) they be say I will be draft first . the youngest player ever draft into the NFL . I will cash a check for million of dollar . million just for say yes . bennet God do not put anyone on earth to cash a check . okoye look where I be , cousin . look what I be . I be not go to let anyone take this from I now . daalu nwanem , agam akpo gi mgbe nmaah abia . and as we hold on bennet , we cut to -- int . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - morning bennet walking straight into camera , up the hallway . peel glove , lab coat . ( in b.g. , the slab , a pair of upturn foot . ) the tech - Sullivan - no one 's say a thing . and into -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 83 85 cherry page 1.21.15 55 . his shitbox office . where a warm bottle of cheap champagne sit on he desk , with a copy of neurosurgery Journal . a post - it stick to the neck say : '' enjoy with you new friend . best , cyril . '' int . bennet 's condo - afternoon bennet enter with the bottle , to find prema study bennet 's article . with a dictionary . he watch she until she feel he and look up . tear in he eye . prema this be very amazing . now what happen ? bennet ( nervous to say it ) I call they . prema who do you call ? bennet the National football League . prema what do you say ? bennet I say I would be happy to come in and discuss it . prema ( on alert ) what do they say ? bennet they say they have get back to I . ( and a hard cut to --) ( sc.84 move to after sc .87 ext . 280 park ave - manhattan - morning a man carry a stack of magazine enter a 60 - story glass office tower , in the heart of midtown , between two logo : credit suisse , and the NFL 's shield . and into -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 86 87 84 cherry page 1.21.15 56 . int . national football league MAIN office - manhattan track the man - christopher jone , 43 , African american - through a massive office , through the quiet confidence of a major multinational corporation . to he executive suite . ( there be Harvard undergraduate and law diploma . ) Jones pick neurosurgery off the top , open it to the cte article , and , into the intercom -- jone get I elliot pellman . int . doctor 's private office - long island - day dr . elliot pellman be absorb in neurosurgery . he 's 48 , shlubby , a bad comb-over . surrounded by memorabilia for the NFL 's New York jet and the NY islander hockey team . pellman ( pick up the phone ) I be just look at it . jone / phone ( over ) anything to be concerned about ? pellman this omalu look like a nobody . but let I get into it . ( and a hard cut to - -) int . kitchen - baile 's home - morning / simultaneous baile at the kitchen table in sweatpant . Breakfast . baile 's wife , colleen , 40 , slip she arm around he . baile read a copy of neurosurgery Journal ( open to '' chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( cte ) in a National football League player '' ... omalu , dekosky , Hamilton , wecht . ) colleen baile what be you read ? baile it 's about Mike . colleen baile I miss mike. ( brain scan ) oh god I can not look at that . ( baile rub he face ; ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 57 . colleen baile ( cont 'd ) look into the middle distance , do the math ) Julian , what be it ? baile how could I have miss this ? colleen baile what be you talk about ? baile if this be really true , it 's the end of football . ( and cut to - - ) 88 int . autopsy chamber - allegheny county coroner - day bennet , Sullivan , Gracie stand over 300 - lbs. of heavily muscle death . Black . no wound , no blood . sullivan ( look at the face ; grief - stricken ) well now , Terry . ya wonder where be they now . now we know . ( for bennet ) Terry long. Pittsburgh steeler . gracie ( read hospital report ) who drank a gallon of antifreeze . that 's not how I have do it . sullivan I guess this guy only die when you be work -- bennet what other problem do he have ? sullivan who care ? gracie arrested a few time . ( look at the report ) fraud . Federal theft . and wow . arrested a lot . sullivan I know what you be do . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 89 cherry page 1.21.15 58 . bennet drink antifreeze be the work of a lunatic mind . ( then ) what position ? what position do he play ? sullivan Offensive line . bennet sullivan ( cont 'd ) same as Mike webster . webby be a center . Terry play right guard . bennet ( the record ) no record concussion . nine year of professional football . as a offensive guard . ( then ) I need a full autopsy . same test as webster . sullivan you be pay for that , too . bennet yes , Daniel . I be pay for that , too . ( bennet do not even hear it , he eye already focus on --) Joseph maroon -- the signature on Long 's record : Joseph maroon . and now cut to -- joe maroon 's computer image smiling at US , trim , tan , muscular , he toothy grin filling our screen pull back to reveal we be in bennet 's little shitbox office at the coroner 's . he 's at he computer . before he , the website www . josephmaroon.com , the personal site for the steeler 's team doctor . Chief neuro-surgeon of the NFL . the country 's premiere specialist in neurosurgery and sport medicine . '' Bright pastel design , mentorship on longevity and healthy live . the whole thing like a ad for toothpaste & viagra . all white , now -- pull back again . and we view have become a cottony field . the faint outline of snowflake - like brain cell . then , from the corner , the seepage of angry rust - brown blood . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 90 91 92 cherry page 1.21.15 59 . tau protein tangles . seeping and strangling everything in they path . pull back full to reveal --— int . basement lab - allegheny county coroner - night bennet . it 's late . the only other live thing in the building be prema . in a chair now , by the door , read with a flashlight . bennet 's see enough . click off the table lamp . just sit slump in the glow of the instrument and exit sign . then , in pre - lap , a phone ring , and we cut to -- omit int . bennet 's condo - morning prema pick up the phone , '' hello ? '' . hand to bennet . and we -- man / phone ( over ) bennet omalu ? bennet this be Dr. bennet omalu . man / phone ( over ) listen to I . football have the best doctor money can buy , and they be say pro football player do not get brain damage . at all . and people who care about this stuff be suppose to take you word for it ? Mike webster be a pill - pop drunk . and you be a under-educate hack . and you be do , game over . and look up at prema . the line be already dead . he hang up . bennet ( sarcastic ) I think they call back . wecht ( pre - lap ) do he really say you be under - educate ? have they see you resume ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 60 . 93 int . wecht 's office - allegheny county coroner - day bennet , wecht , Hamilton . wecht well , I get call , too . the National football League own neuroscience . who know ? hamilton ( read from a letter ) '' serious misinterpretation '' . '' failure to find '' . '' absence of clinical information '' . ( look to wecht , ' help ? 's ) bennet 's at the window . in he hand , a envelope . wecht and Hamilton have one too . bennet what do they want ? wecht you head on a spike . hamilton they want you to retract you finding . bennet I do not know what that mean . wecht it mean say you make it all up . bennet ( confuse ) make it up ?? wecht they be accuse you of fraud -- bennet ( and now totally fuck confuse ) fraud ?? what be they talk about ?? I be so careful . I slave over this -- hamilton you reputation will be destroy . you will not be able to work . anywhere . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 61 . good . wecht bennet good ! ? wecht they be terrify of you . bennet I have to work ! my visa depend on it . wecht well , what the hell do you think they be go to say , ' thank you ' ? bennet yes ! I think they have be grateful ! wecht what the hell for ? bennet for be tell . for know . bennet pace to the window , confuse . wecht I get it . you think you be be a good american . ( and look at he ; pride and sadness ) listen to I . the city of Pittsburgh shell out 233 - million dollar to help build its beloved steeler a glorious new stadium while it be close school and raise tax . ( and snatch the envelope out of bennet 's hand and wave it in he face ) this be not people who want to change the world . ( now wave bennet 's article ) and this be not some quaint academic discovery stick in the back of a obscure medical journal . bennet omalu be go to war with the manufacturer of a product that twenty - million Americans crave every Sunday the way they crave water ! the NFL own a day of the week ! they be very big ! '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 94 cherry page 1.21. 15 pause . a long pause . 62 . bennet turn back to the window , stare out over the carpet of light . and the bridge . and the river . and heinz field . hamilton a pathologist determine cause of death , not discover disease . they will say bennet 's in over he head , and they 's 1ll be right . wecht yeah well the world only get change by people who be over they head ignore people who say they be in over they head . ( but then - -) bennet turn back from the window . face set . bennet Terry Long . ( beat ; what ? ) the test come back today . Terry Long be positive . football give he cte . cte tell he brain to drink a gallon of antifreeze . and then he die . ( then ) I tell you . there be go to be more . ( after a pause - - ) hamilton you have do great work . no one 's go to blame you if you stop here . but I have be lie to you if I do not tell you how important you next move be . pause . wecht be take in bennet , wait . bennet and wecht hold a look , then wecht see it in bennet 's face -- wecht no one 's stop anything . int . / ext . bennet 's condo - day prema grab she coat and purse to go out . pause by the window . where she see bennet sit in he car in the parking lot , deep in think . and we cut to -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . ag94 95 cherry page 1.21.15 63. her outside , bundle up , crossing to he . she get in -- int . bennet 's car - day prema wait for bennet to say something . he do not . she lay a hand on he arm , do you want to talk . he do not move . she pull away -- prema then do you mind just take I to western Union ? I need to wire money to my mother . bennet ( still in he reverie ) do you send she everything ? prema not everything . bennet what you make be also for you . prema so be this . and that get he attention . he turn to look at she . take she in , this selfless woman . and now they be -- ext . pittsburgh /monongahela river bank - day bennet and prema stand by the river , look north and south past the bridge . bennet when I be a boy , in Nigeria , heaven be here . ( and hold he hand over he head ) and America be here -- ( just below ) it be the place where God send all he favorite people . ( --) I come to America because I think here you could do anything , be anything . Americans be the manifestation of what God want all of we to be . ( then ) but Mike webster go mad and nobody ask why . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 64 . bennet ( cont 'd ) they make fun of he . and now they want to pretend this disease do not exist ? they want to bury I ? it 's offensive . I be offended . I be the wrong person to have discover this . a quiet . then . a clarity and confidence bigger than she be -- prema there be no coincidence in this world . tell I . what be the statistical probability that you , not just a doctor , but bennet omalu , come to America , end up here , this rusty place , for you alone to be the one to see this ? ( long pause ) when I arrive , in New York , I be attack -- ( and stop ) bennet what happen ? prema something that be better leave unsaid . but that man almost break I . I want to give up , and go back . but I know God , I decide to trust he wisdom . ( and - - ) and now I be look at this man , a omalu onyemalukube . you name . it mean , if you know , you must come forth and speak . pause . bennet metabolize what she have just tell he . then -- bennet how do you know that ? prema I call you father . ( bennet surprised ) he be pleased to hear from I . bennet cyril say if I speak it could be dangerous . prema if you do not speak for the dead , who will ? ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 96 97 98 cherry page 1.21.15 65 . prema ( cont 'd ) you be of the igbo tribe , bennet . igbo man be bold and can not be silence . when you have the truth , the thing you be tell you cannot do be the thing you must do . embrace that , and nothing create by God can bring you down . ( long beat ; then ) I would do anything to support that kind of man . on bennet 's face now : not love but conviction . and he surprise himself , by spontaneously embrace she . hold onto she . as if to keep she from float away from he now . ( and maybe cling to keep himself from sink . ) and now off he face , we cut to -- omit entry sign '' welcome to moon TOWNSHIP '' pull back to reveal a rockwellian americana . partially - birthed spread of faux mcmansion . foundation wait for home . Light mottle through the tree reflect off the window of bennet 's car . as he mercede pull past the sign . they face in and out of light and shadow . winding to -- ext . empty lot - moon TOWNSHIP - continuous bennet pull over at a virgin half - acre . house around it up to the stud . some be do . a handful occupy . 0o.s. whine of aircraft - jet-wash - float in . slow parade of plane . we be near the airport , under the flight path . bennet walk prema onto the ground . she spin , wonder where she 's suppose to look . prema what be this ? bennet this be my dream . the school be good . ( then ) and you be good , prema . you be the only thing in my life that be not my work that I can understand . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 99 100 cherry page 1.21.15 66 . bennet ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I be sure you see good in I . prema I see good in you , bennet . I see all that you be . bennet I want to marry you . ( then ) we can fall in love . prema if you want to marry I , I will marry you . bennet that 's good . because I already put down the payment . I have save all my money . and now buy this for you . what happen next be not quite a hug . and not quite a hand - shake . a awkward transactional embrace . now cut to -- news camera monitor : bennet at a lectern , speak into mic bennet / camera monitor by the time he commit suicide , Terry Long 's brain be ruin . people with cte suffer from depression , which can lead to suicide attempt . Terry Long commit suicide due to cte , which be a result of he long - term play . the NFL be in denial -- ( now we go to the live version - - ) ext . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - day bennet give a news conference . wecht and Hamilton flank he . the camera be mostly local news . we see prema in the b.g. under a awning , because -- it 's raining . but the crowd be still healthy . bennet it be probable that a big percentage of professional football player have or will develop cte , and will die of it . maybe even most of they . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21. 15 and on this word , we be finding face in the crowd . most be distract by the rain to take it all in . but one - a young reporter in he 30' , lean practically fall forward to hear everything -- bennet ( cont 'd ) I suspect we will also start find it in and out of sport , in all activity where head impact happen -- young reporter ( stunne ) Holy shit . rain pick up . cameramen be pack . bennet this might explain all kind of dysfunctional behavior . why good people go bad -- wecht any question ? ( not one , because - -) the news guy can not get back to they truck fast enough . all kind of anti-climactic , as bennet & wecht make they way back to prema -- wecht ( cont ’d ) no ignore that . you be go to be a american hero . bennet but I be not a american . wecht even better . that 's so fuck american . as wecht keep move bennet stop before prema . on he face a light , a look of mission . and now , in pre - lap , we hear -- prema ( pre - lap ) ( above the other ) my soul proclaim the greatness of the Lord ; my spirit rejoice in God my savior . for he have look upon he handmaid 's lowliness ; behold , from now on will all age call I bless --! '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 101 102 103 cherry page 1.21.15 68. omit omit int . ST . benedict 's - pittsburgh - day the congregation flooding the aisle . head out . prema hold bennet 's hand as they exit . prema bring bennet 's hand to she forehead , like a sacrament . we clock a engagement ring . bennet 's big easy smile around they . but he can not get traction - no one suddenly seem to be acknowledge they . as the congregation pour out , Father D ’amico with a word for everyone . different steeler lapel pin : '' 36 - bettis '' & '' 51 - farrior '' . as bennet and prema head past -- father D ’amico football and Dr. bennet omalu . who know ? ( he smile - what be its quality ? ) we see you on the news . quite a splash . bennet it be not about football , Father . Mrs. Scott have discreetly come up alongside , with she husband , 50 . ) mr . scott well , then it 's a question , on the one hand , of the reputation of certain man , and something that bring we community - you community - together . that give this city , and other city , a thing to face we all in the same direction . and , on the other hand , I suppose , if it 's really true , this so-called disease . ( a quiet fall , then - -) father D ’amico well , bless you both . and they stand there alone and untouched . and as they turn to leave -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 104 a104 cherry page 1.21.15 69 . authoritative voice / tv ( pre - lap ) there be no so-called concussion '' problem '' in the NFL -- ( and cut to ) int . break room - allegheny county medical examiner - day third -hand furniture . Three tech loung around the tv . chyron say : '' NFL commissioner Paul tagliabue and Dr. elliot pellman , director of the NFL Medical Committee '' . on he face , mild amusement . across from they , sport writer / personality . pellman / tv NFL football player be less vulnerable to concussion and post - concussion syndrome any more than the general population . in fact , professional football player knock unconscious can be return to play on the same day of they injury without significant risk . look , there 's no magic number for how many concussion be too many concussion . concussion be just a occupational risk . tagliabue / tv concussion , I think , be one of this pack journalism issue , frankly . the problem be it 's a journalist issue . int . chinatown inn - day and we find bennet eat alone in a crappy little chinese joint . next to under- oxygenate fish drift in a foggy tank . the tv behind the bar be on , sound low , midday news . as bennet look up and see a clip of a 60 - Minutes - style interview on tv -- sport personality / tv so where 's the science come from ? ( and now intercutting from yet another interview - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 105 cherry page 1.21.15 70 . pellman / tv from nowhere . let 's be honest . whatever this omalu want he science to say , NFL player be the biggest , strongest , toughest man in the world . they have evolve to a state where they brain be actually less susceptible to injury . I actually send veteran back in more quickly than rookie . they know how to unscramble they brain a little faster . a rookie will not know what 's happen to he and will be a little panicky . the veteran expect the hit . they want the hit . bennet can not believe what he just hear , maybe smile a little , note lunchers pay attention to all that . on they face : pensive appreciation , agreement . bennet sober . pushes away he untouched meal . then -- as we start to hear a phone ringing in pre - lap , we be -- int . bennet 's condo - that day and bennet - just home - coat still on , lean against the kitchen table . the home phone ringing as -- prema ( read from the Pittsburgh Post - gazette ) '' -- Dr. maroon , who be also vice chairman of the neurosurgery department at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , say , of omalu 's cte diagnose , that it be '' fallacious reason . '' ( and look to the phone , keep go ) '' to go back and say Long be depressed from play in the NFL and that lead to he death 14 year later I think be purely speculative . '' ( and look up from the paper , at she man - - ) it 's not easy to get what you want . bennet finally pick up the phone -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 70a . voice / phone ( over ) ( local , messy , possibly drunk ) this omalu ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 106 107 cherry page 1.21.15 71 . bennet this be Dr. bennet omalu -- voice / phone ( over ) I just want to tell you that this be none of you goddamn business . you want to pussify this country ? you want to vaginize football ? get the hell out , or they 's 1ll be do you autopsy . and bennet , shake , hold now a silent phone , and we cut to - black screen two ring , three . SNAP . Light come on . we be -- int . bedroom - bennet 's condo - night bennet 's alone . alarm clock read 4am . bennet ( pick up ) hello ? hello ? now a pattern of click and hiss . then silence . now -- tap tap . bennet whirl , jumpy . branch scraping the window . bennet stop . feel - what ? who ? go to the window to look outside . car park where car park . one street lamp be out . one car start up , light come on . and as it simply drive away -- something make he turn . fast. prema . she 's right there . she 's always be right there . she hold the blanket open for he . revealing she full self . let I protect you . he slip in beside she . she wrap he in she arm . int . bennet 's condo - 7 am New rhythm to they morning . they be shake . she fix breakfast . he dress . a hum fear . he 's tight . prema keep the shade draw . a bunker in here . bennet on he way out . she hand he he lunch . then -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 72 . phone ring . again . they both look at it as at a tick bomb . bennet pick up but say nothing . a voice we know -- baile / phone ( over ) Dr. omalu ? ( yes - - ) I take you to be a early riser . I do not want to call you at work . ( and we intercut --) 108 int . kitchen - baile 's home - simultaneous baile in run short , shoe . run-sweat . Pittsburgh and New York papers on the table in front of he . baile ( into phone ) my name be Julian baile . do you know who I be ? I be team doctor for the Pittsburgh steeler . bennet I know who you be . baile Mike webster be a personal friend . bennet be he . baile you be in trouble , Dr. omalu . but you be not wrong . ( then ) I would like to talk to you . 109 omit 110 omit 111 ext . baile 's home - day traditional plantation home . veranda and gable . oak -line drive bisect a fairway-sized lawn . yukon suv and porsche at the end of it . as bennet come up the long drive toward the massive home , he take it all in . so this be how they live . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 73 . baile come out on the porch , wait for he . come from a distance , we sense in he a hostility hold in reserve . as bennet stop , reach for the sleeve of medical slide -- bennet be this a good idea ? baile you tell I . int . home office - baile 's home - day bennet with baile sit around a work table . coffee and sandwich . baile at he microscope . the sleeve of slide open . then back away . then go to he desk . pull out a folder of lab report . photos. illustration . graph . baile the NFL have know about the concussion issue for year -- close on the report . baile ( cont 'd ) what you be look at be the research that form the basis for the League 's concussion guideline . in this study , some academic put helmet on monkey and shook they real hard . threw dog and pig and human cadaver down elevator shaft . ( pick up another one ) helmet on crash test dummy and bashed they together . conclusion ? ( read - - ) '' no strike player experience neck injury or concussion . '' concussion be as dangerous as a hang -nail . bennet wait for more , then , disbelief -- bennet and that be it ? baile no . then the NFL do what every big organization do . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 74 . baile ( cont 'd ) they put together a commission to study the study . Dr. elliot pellman 's mild traumatic Brain injury committee . bennet mild - before they know . conclusion first . ( then ) it 's the opposite of science . ( and baile look at he , exactly ) baile know who else be on that committee ? bennet Dr. maroon ? baile Joe , yeah , he 's on there . plus other team doctor . a equipment manager . ( and ) and two trainer - guy who tape knee for a live . ( then ) I be more interested in study actual human football player , who could talk about they pain . after a moment . bennet why do you really want to see I , Dr. baile ? baile do you have any idea how many Pittsburgh steeler - just steeler - die in the last few year ? I be not talk about older guy . I be talk about player I know . and just the one I know about . ( then ) twelve . ( -- ) I do not want to see any more of this guy vanish in the back of pick - up truck . ( and we jump to - -) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a112 cherry page 1.21.15 75 . ext . backyard - baile 's home - continuous overlook a wide expanse of yard , lawn , pool , designer garden . baile take it all in . bennet study baile . this be a man in pain . bennet relax --— baile I know they . I be they . you be do this wrong . bennet as long as the NFL deny the truth , nothing change . baile ( that 's right - - ) if they say it 's not true , it 's not true . they have to say it out loud . bennet I need to look the commissioner in the eye . get I a meeting . face - to - face , man-to-man . I can not lose . pause . baile look to bennet . at he innocence . then -- baile he do not want to talk to you . football do not want to talk to you . ( because - - ) like my daddy - a Louisiana judge - always say -- ( hold up two finger ; and , in a exaggerated aristocratic southern drawl ) ' Son , God be number one '- ( now just one finger ) ' and football be number two 's . ( then ) you be not even american . you be not even African - american . you be -- bennet a doctor . baile smile , a little embarrassed at himself . then -- baile the NFL have keep everyone in the dark . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 76 . baile ( cont 'd ) you have turn on the light and give its biggest bogeyman a name . ( lean in ) and if they do not get this rein - in , everything they have , everything they be , be vulnerable . ( then ) what 's happen now , what you think they be do to you ? be hothing . you have no idea how bad this could get for you . a long pause . bennet I do my own research on the NFL 's brain injury committee . you know what Dr. elliot pellman be ? he 's a rheumatologist . he 's a specialist in arthritis and joint pain . can you tell I what a rheumatologist know about the brain and brain disease ? ( and ) corporate man like this , in this country , come from Harvard and Yale . but pellman go to medical school in guadalajara . baile Mexico ? I do not know that . that 's beautiful . and look at he - '' I like you '' - baile ( cont 'd ) it 's unlikely I could get you in front of they . but two case be not go to be enough . you have to keep go . bennet just so you understand . this do not show up on a ct scan . there be no diagnosis before death . for I to keep go more have to die . baile unfortunately , I no longer see a scenario in which that be not already happen . ( and we cut to - -) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 114 cherry page 1.21.15 77 . ext . gate community - moon TOWNSHIP - later that day a plane land behind bennet and prema stand before the dream House . framing begin . basement pour , wait like a empty pool . bennet check the fence . good strong fence . good fence make good neighbor . prema he 's one of they . bennet he 's in pain . prema can we trust he ? bennet I do not think we have a choice . omit int . conference room - national football league - manhattan Big bright glass room . work committee of five bunker around a table cover in paperwork . gather up -- one break away : dave duerson . handsome , muscular 48 - year old ex-defensive back , all -star warrior . hurries past we in the hall . Jones come the other way -- jone ( on the run ) do I hear right ? we be lose you ? tapping you for Mayor of Chicago ?! duerson still a long long road , my friend - ( as Jones turn a corner - ) jone all - World killer athlete to civilian to King , all in one lifetime ! lady and gentleman , I give you Mayor Dave duerson ! who have . figure . it. out ! and as Jones disappear we follow duerson into the elevator - '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 78 . ext . 280 park ave - manhattan - afternoon rush duerson spin out of the NFL building . a voice ( 0.s. ) Dave ! it 's I , man . Andre Waters . ( jaw tightening , because - ) his way block by former d-back ( like he ) , andre water . 44 but look 60 . Rough road . bloat . sweaty . duerson how you doin man ? ( know all too well ) water let I walk with you . ( duerson grit this out ) I be not good . it be all in the paperwork . ( so desperate can not do the small talk ) but why 's the committee do this ? duerson there be five other trustee . you talk to they ? water you be the only one who play . who know . what it be to be we -- ( can not deny that either ; try to keep go ) you and I be the same . banger . hitmen . duerson file the appeal . water duerson ( cont 'd ) you deny the appeal . you look alright -- ( manic , sweaty , hand can not stop move ) something 's wrong with I , man . water can not sleep . eye get cross , it 's freaky , my right eye 's pin leave and my leave 's pin right . weird I out sometimes . ( duerson 's aching for daylight ) Dave , look at I , man . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . + eh cherry page 1.21.15 79 . water ( cont 'd ) ( and get in front of duerson ) duerson Jesus . water I pay due twelve year ! make million for that asshole . it 's not even you money . I be just ask back what I give -- duerson ( explode now right there on Park Ave ) fat ? stop eat like a pig . gotta headache ? see a doctor -- water be to twenty doctor ! just need rent money -- duerson get you shit together ! you be a warrior ! get you hand off I ! ( Waters be palming he ) water ' deny , deny , hope they die . 's that 's what we say about you . you goddamn motto . ( --) Dave , I be sorry . remember ? when we be kid , playin be what we live , for , man ! ( talk to duerson 's back because - -) duerson perform that move they teach d-back Day 1 in camp , swim past the block at line of scrimmage to destroy the qb . and duerson swim past Waters down Park -- water ( cont 'd ) I do not get another play leave ! Dave ! ( then ) somebody help I ! -- now leave Waters to watch duerson vanish until he 's alone , hold he head because the migraine have come , in a sea of stranger who have no fuck clue who he ever be , nor will they ever care . and we cut to -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 80 . pixilate newspaper portrait of andre water -- in Philadelphia eagle jersey . play day : chisele ; direct gaze of a carnivore . pull back to reveal -- '' eagle defensive back Andre Waters , 44 , commit suicide '' -- the paper in wecht 's hand . wecht stand outside bennet 's little office , as bennet walk up in he scrub -- wecht ( read to bennet ) '' -- know as ' dirty Waters 's , notorious for he aggressive style of play -- ( and flash to - -) footage of a horizontal water like a flying spear impaling a receiver with the crown of he helmet otherwise mute , under -- wecht devastate hit that fill highlight reel ... die of a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the head . '' wecht look up at bennet . and as he hand he the paper and leave he stand there -- ext . cemetery - rural florida - day the poor cracker South . crabgrass push through sandy scrub . eagle balloon rise from the coffin . a propped photo of Waters from play day . camera find bennet at the edge of the crowd . he 's clocked by a league representative in a suit . now a ex-player or three . first time bennet 's be face - to- face with the live human involved . and it feel like a mistake . flop -sweaty , he turn to go . while -- o.s. someone start come at he through the tombstone . Big man , african -american . Big stride . extreme emotion on he face . fury ? fear ? bennet spot he , spot that , pick up he pace . Big guy close in . running for the car now -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 120 119 * al21 cherry page 1.21.15 81 . man hey ! get over here --! ( on top of bennet now , breathe labor ) why have you do that , man ? bennet terrify , brace to be hit . or something . but the man double over , try to catch breath . man ( cont 'd ) Christ -- ( out of breath ) you be leave . but Andre 's mother . you want to talk to Andre 's mother , right ? ( intercutting with --) int . baile 's home - evening baile at he desk , bath in computer light , solitary contemplation . mindlessly stir he drink with he finger . and we pull around baile 's head and over he shoulder on what he's seeing : a picture of strzelczyk . now -- int . water family home - sunny isle , FL - day neat . devout . family picture . legion of grandchild . bennet sit adjacent to water 's mother , 70 . they're watch a dvd of a eagle game on the tv : Waters get hit so hard he lay on the ground , unconscious . then be help up . then wander toward the oppose sideline . then be lead back straight to the huddle , staggering through the next play . Waters 's mother watch bennet watch . she 's see it a hundred time . she want to watch bennet 's reaction . alternatively volcanic with grief , and let ray of light burn through -- water 's mother he say he be alright . he say he be daze for a minute then he be alright -- ( --) ext . coffee shop - pittsburgh - day baile pull up in he porsche , park . cross the street . gritty industrial Pittsburgh . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 121 cherry page 1.21.15 82. a woman in the window feel he , turn : a change keana strzelczyk . thinner . tire . as baile hesitates , then go in , we go back to -- int . water family home - sunny isle , FL bennet and Mrs. Waters . water 's mother let I tell you about my son . we use to call he spanky . his daddy give he that name -- and reach in she bag water 's mother ( cont ’d ) I be go to read you something . the last thing he write I . ( read from a letter ) '' , .. there be not a day that go by that I do not thank God for bless I with you as my mom . happy mother 's Day . you son , Andre M. Waters . '' ( then ) his signing bonus , he buy I this house . he buy all he brother car . he be the sun and we be planet . bennet 's eye close , nodd , feel Andre 's presence . water 's mother ( cont ’d ) after he give I this card , he say , '' ma , I be ready to go . '' he know people start think he be crazy . bennet not crazy . he have already become someone else -- and she look at he . her eye welling up . anger . water 's mother bennet ( cont 'd ) suicide . he take it out of he be sick . God 's hand . water 's mother he definitely have this disease ? because I want to believe that . because you be not suppose to put you own child in the ground . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 122 cherry page 1.21.15 83. water 's mother ( cont 'd ) nature 's not suppose to work that way . ( --) now . you want what 's leave of my son ? because Dr. omalu , I do not want to feel another thing I have to survive . do not let I feel hope , then not have this come out right . ( and take he hand ) bennet I understand , yes -- and bennet slide next to she . take a knee . bow , pray . she pray . she 's cry . now he 's cry . then -- water 's mother bennet ( cont 'd ) heavenly Father , you know and please lead we to the every heart . please mend we truth . soothe this family soul . with you grace . water 's mother in Jesus 's name , amen . then she abruptly stand . drying she eye . water 's mother ( cont ’d ) I be go to get we some coffee . ( and exit , and back to --) ext . coffee shop - pittsburgh we find baile & keana at a table outside , under the awning . it 's cool . neither feel it . they breath balloon in front of they face -- baile you look good . how be the kid ? keana strzelczyk the kid be fine . I be fine . what do you want ? baile I be sorry I could not make the funeral . keana strzelczyk no one make it to the funeral . then . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a122 125 126 127 cherry page 1.21.15 84 . baile you hear about Mike webster . and she just look at he . she hear . keana strzelczyk and Terry Long . and and and . and who else ? what do you really want to ask I , Julian ? ( and now a hard cut to --) omit ( 123 & 124 be now a81 & b81 ) bennet walking in darkness follow he through a lightless basement passage . all we hear , he footstep , the thrum of a boiler , hum of fan . then - bang ! - he shove at a door . baile be stand out there in the night in the rain . bennet let baile enter , and - int . allegheny county coroner - night bennet lead baile through the underground tunnel , through a warren of basement lab , to -- int . basement lab - allegheny county coroner -- where wecht be wait in the half - dark . around they , the silhouettes of fresh body for tomorrow . bennet ( introduce ) this be Dr. wecht . baile shake he hand . we be tight on wecht . he 's not so sure about baile - friend of enemy , fish or fowl ? bennet hand baile a short stack of slide . hand baile a short stack of slide . bennet ( cont ’d ) Andre Waters . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 85 . baile go to the microscope . bow , peer in . now bennet hand he -- bennet ( cont ’d ) Justin strzelczyk . Long pause as baile look and look at the one slide . bennet stir . glance worriedly into the dark . where the body be wait . as if he 's hear something . he mumble , '' I be sorry , '' move closer to the other , give the angry corpse room . ( we see all this . and wecht do . baile do not . because he do not know to . ) baile ( in he own world ) I just keep send he back out there . wecht what be you think ? baile you have to be part of all that . down there on the sideline with they . whatever it take to keep they in the game . to keep it all go . tape , needle , vicodin , torodol , lidocaine , percocet . ( and ) lexapro . Zoloft . ( they be look at he , then - -) tire . oil . you be a mechanic keep the race car on the track . pause there . then , hearing himself , how that sound . baile look at bennet . but -- wecht that 's not medicine . I do not know what that be . bennet it 's business . ( they look at he ) it 's just business . and there it be . and then what he 's be wait for : bennet ( cont 'd ) Three case be the scientific burden of evidence . we have four . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 128 130 * cherry page 1.21.15 86 . bennet ( cont ’d ) ( and now ) we be past what the NFL can and can not deny . it 's bigger than they be . now they have to listen to we . baile . conflict . resigned . defeat . omit ( 129 move to after 130 ) int . altius restaurant - pittsburgh - night atop mt. Washington , perch high over the wishbone confluence of the Ohio , Allegheny and monongahela Rivers . the massive stadium where the steeler play . and the Pittsburgh skyline . we find bennet and baile at a four- top by the picture window . each have a drink . it 's llpm . bennet look through the reflection of staff clean up . baile off into space . they have be sit for a couple hour . baile look to he watch , goddammit - - bennet he want to do this two hour ago . and now a reflection in the window turn bennet . Joe maroon be crossing toward they . hesitates at the table , take a chair on baile 's side . a beat of they all together , silent . maroon do not apologize . bennet ( cont 'd ) would you like a drink ? maroon I say five minute . baile he do not want a drink . ( and maroon go right into it --) maroon you conclusion be a total misinterpretation of fact . to say webster and Long and Waters be kill by football be -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 87 . bennet fallacious reason . yes , I know . and maybe you have not hear , Dr. maroon . but the world be not flat . maroon vibrate with rage . maroon ( to baile ) where 's he go with this ? baile just hear he out -- bennet I want to propose a formal control study . bring together the best mind in America . we should be work together . maroon who do you think you be talk to ? bennet Excuse I ? maroon I be President of the Congress of neurological surgeon . bennet yes . and I be the doctor who perform the autopsy of Mike webster and Terry Long . you man . you man under you care . ( he have maroon 's attention ) do you know what Mike webster 's wife say ? if she know he be sick , if she know what he have become be this disease , she would have be nicer to he . but he die . everything break . they life ruin . ( then ) you take a oath . tell the truth ! maroon the truth ? the truth be the National football League be a salvation ! it employ hundred of thousand of people . we have send thousand of kid to school . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 88. maroon ( cont 'd ) we ship player to war zone to entertain the troops -- ( nod down at heinz field , and crescendo - -) the ownership of this football club have give million to charity . the NFL run clinic on child obesity . you want I to go on ? bennet it 's not necessary -- maroon it be necessary . some of we player would be what without the NFL ? where would they kid be ? do you know where most of this guy would be ? bennet alive . maroon look at he , exasperate . maroon the NFL be the most popular sport in America because it be goddamn fantastic . you think they make people play ? people want to play . ( point outside , down there , at heinz field , glow ) right there be the beat heart of this city . not the symphony . not the ballet . every city the steeler play in , it 's the same . what do you want we to do , end it ? fold the National football League ? bennet ( he 's not even answer that question - -) solve the problem . solve . the Problem . maroon who be you ? ( to baile ) he perform autopsy . he 's a pathologist -- bennet yes , a mere pathologist . that be so . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 89 . Long heavy silence . then -- baile and what if he 's right ? what if it 's true ? maroon hold baile in place with a glare . then , back to bennet - — yes -- pause , maroon do you understand the impact of what you be do ? bennet maroon ( cont 'd ) ( forceful ; angry again ) do you understand the impact . of what you be do ? ( because obviously bennet could not possibly ) bennet I say I do -- maroon let I tell you . because you clearly do not . ( now ) if just 10 - percent of mother in America -- ( and stop , gather himself ) do you ever play football ? bennet no . maroon it teach I everything I know about loyalty , teamwork , endurance , sacrifice . ( then , lean in ) if 10 - percent of mother in America decide football be too dangerous for they son to play , that 's it . it be the end of football . kid . college . eventually , it 's just a matter of time , the professional game . then -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 90 . baile Joe . he 's not in the outcome business . maroon he have no business -- bennet and do you know what history do to people - train physician - who ignore science -- ? maroon try to interject . bennet ( cont 'd ) sir , I am not do --! maroon shocked to silence . bennet ( cont ’d ) History laugh ! ( then ) deny my work , the world will deny it . but man will continue to die . and family will go on be destroy . maroon look hard to baile , then bennet . and he proposal -- maroon be you sure you want to do this ? bennet I could ask you the same question . ( a pause , then - -) maroon I ’1ll get back to you . ( and fast he 's out of he seat and head out --) leave bennet and baile alone . a long moment of silence . baile well , that go well . and the two of they be leave stare down at heinz field rise massive like the Roman coliseum out of the city 's beat heart . now we start to hear in pre - lap -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 129 131 132 cherry page 1.21.15 91 . jone ( pre - lap ) ( read ) -- after examine the remain of former National football League player Andre Waters , a neuropathologist in Pittsburgh , Dr. bennet omalu , be claim that Mr. Waters have sustained brain damage from play football and he say that lead to he depression and ultimate death -- ( continue over - - ) int . commissioner suite - NFL office - day Jones stand before tagliabue , read the paper aloud . omit omit jone it get worse . ( then ) Dr. Julian baile , medical director for the Center for the Study of retired athlete and the chairman of the department of neurosurgery at West Virginia University , say , '' unfortunately , I be not shocked . '' ( look up --) there 's more omalu . more baile . tagliabue baile . why do I know that name ? jone steeler team doctor . neurologist for the player Association . tagliabue oh wow . jone yeah . wow . ( then ) the Times be call it a potential epidemic . Paul . it 's not the Sports section . not Science . a-l. Front page . New York Times . above the fold . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 133 134 135 cherry page 1.21.15 92 . int . board room - NFL headquarters - day track tagliabue and Jones crossing from they suite to a set of heavy oak door . the door open , and as they enter , we glimpse over they shoulder a long luxurious table encircle by a dozen white men wait in grim silence . you can smell the privilege , the power . ownership . and as the door close we out -- jone at a lectern jone --his 17 year as commissioner of the National football League comprise the most lucrative and stabilize reign perhaps in the history of pro sport -- ( and we pull back to reveal we be -- ) int . break room - allegheny county medical examiner - day wecht , Sullivan and the tech , all watch the tv , and a hastily arrange '' press conference '' . bennet enter . sullivan Nice go , bennet . you kill off the commish . bennet confuse , elate . as , to Jones 's leave we now see tagliabue . to he right be income commissioner roger goodell , 47 and sandy -haire . tagliabue / tv Roger have work for the NFL since he be 21 . he life football , breathes football , but he 's young , more handsome -- ( laughter , then , serious - - ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 93. tagliabue / tv ( cont 'd ) and understand how to take ' America 's game 's into the future . there be a new sheriff in town -- upon which wecht walk in . as goodell take the lectern . folksy , telegenic in that clintonesque way . Sullivan & wecht exchange a look . goodell / tv the NFL be not just a sport league . it 's a entertainment product . what I be here to do now , my main responsibility , be to protect the shield , America 's game . ( the NFL logo ) -- I want we to go on enjoy we great game know we kid love it , respect it , never stop have fun -- bennet they hear . they be listen . wecht sure. Morning in America . a new day in the NFL . ( tight on goodell ; sarcastic ) he look like you drink buddy . while , on tv , pellman appear , glum , beside goodell . wecht ( cont ’d ) and there 's you buddy , pellman , again . the knee man from guadalajara . ( and leave , as ) broadcast / tv ( over ) Roger goodell 's be at the forefront of every major decision the NFL have make over the past dozen year . his biggest challenge now ? keeping the good time roll for a $ 6 - billion a year business . sullivan you be screw now . ( and walk out ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 136 137 138 cherry page 1.21.15 94 , gracie Julian baile be on the phone -- and bennet cross to the phone , pick up -- baile / phone ( over ) turn on the tv . bennet ( into phone ) I be watch it right now . baile / phone ( over ) he 's shaking up pellman 's brain injury committee . they be ask for a concussion summit , a full presentation . in Chicago . next week . on bennet 's face -- baile / phone ( over ) ( cont 'd ) we have we chance , bennet . omit ext . westin HOTEL - o’hare airport - chicago - night / establishing one of the big one out by the airport . constant whine of jet - — wash . it 's snow . really start to come down . int . lobby / bar - westin HOTEL - o'hare airport - late night generic franchise room . muzak , formica tabletop and mid - layover salesmen . we find bennet and baile in a corner booth do a presentation run-through . laptop open on power Point . bennet on he second drink . baile into maybe he third . look at it all as if at blueprint for D - Day . bennet jack . baile know half he man be go to perish . bennet ( recite ) '' the fact speak for themselves . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 95 . bennet ( cont 'd ) this brain , strangle by protein unleash by repetitive head trauma related to football , tell a irrefutable story - - '' ( and look up , good ? ) baile maybe throw in some football stuff . not medical term . thing we say -- bennet why do I need to say what they say ? I think that 's why we be here . baile you have , what , seven degree ? eight ? you be one of the smartest people they 's 1l ever meet . you know what ? you will be fine . bennet take baile in . bennet how about you ? what will you be ? baile fumble with a insert picture of mike webster , bent , half - squatting , eye tethere to the eye of the nose - guard in he face , furiously focus . and now a tight on baile . as we push in , he face grow in frame -- baile it can be a boring , violent , stupid game . and it can be Shakespeare . the game look like life . I know you can not see how beautiful that all be - I do not blame you . ( then , reverie do ) but this be not fun for I . everyone we be go to see tomorrow I know personally . that feel you get when someone you love and respect screw you over ? they will have it . and there 's not a damn thing I can do about it . we be in on he eye now . maybe what he 's see . and out of he reverie -- bennet you already do that yourself . ( baile look up , what ? ) when you pick up the phone . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 95a. bennet ( cont 'd ) and you call I . ( now - - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 139 140 cherry page 1.21.15 96 . baile Christ . they be here . bennet confuse , follow baile 's gaze to the bar . where a cluster of NFL official have arrive . pellman , maroon , Jones , couple other . pellman the schlubby one . goodell cross and join they for a word with Jones . Jones whisper in goodell 's ear . maroon pivot , turn he back , wave for the bartender . say something to pellman . pellman laugh . baile ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) he 's such a ass . but opaque , tight , baile shut the laptop . on he face , the violent collision of choice and consequence . bennet we better get some sleep . int . HOTEL room - westin o’hare - night bennet 's sit on the bed against the wall in he clothes . we be tight on he face . a kind of nervous excitement and dread . he will not sleep tonight . and we hear a firm rap on the door , and bennet 's head turn , and we cut to -- he HOTEL room door - morning it open . baile be stand in the hall in a suit . and we swing around and find bennet in the same . cinch he tie . it 's the next morning . bennet 's suit be immaculate . pocket square . there 's a irone board out . he 's freshly irone everything . he 's nervous as shit . baile we need to talk . baile step in . his expression like he just bit down on something rancid . bennet what 's wrong ? baile there 's no easy way to say this so I be just go to say it . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 97 . baile ( cont 'd ) they be not go to let you speak . they do not even want you in the room . I tell you . they will not accept you as the face of this issue . ( --) they want I to do it . pause . bennet shocked . rocked . bennet one of they own . baile yes . bennet baile ( cont 'd ) they want to pretend -- you do not exist . bennet you say goodell be good -- baile they still have to sit there and listen . bennet to you . baile yes , I . you blow up they world . bennet baile ( cont 'd ) and yours . yes . mine. bennet and how can a African know this subject better than they ? bennet look at he a long moment . Fish or fowl ? we / they ? bennet ( cont 'd ) or better than you ? baile stunne . confused . now livid , explode -- baile ( that power / hostility hold in reserve surfacing - -) wait a second ... you think this be about bennet omalu ? I be not here for you . I be here because people be die -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 141 cherry page 1.21. 15 bennet you be here for redemption ! you be here to use I to cleanse you sin ! baile you self - righteous bastard ! do you have any idea what I could have , how much I could have , if I go back to my side of the ball ? just keep quiet ? everything in my world be tell I not to agree with you . except one thing - science . so I be here . not down there in that audience . up here , beside you . what do_you want from I ? how much more can I do ? and hold on they a long beat . and baile be right . and bennet know it , be ashamed . and be go to take it in the ass because it 's the only thing to do -- bennet you be right , I be sorry . go. take it . all of it . and you convince they , Julian -- baile I be sorry - bennet convince they , Julian -- ( and as baile turn and march down the hall ) convince they ! ( now cut to -- ) int . HOTEL foyer - day the huge , weird hub of three different enormous conference room . empty . a maintenance person be push a vacuum . bennet stand against one of that removable accordion wall . try not to look at he reflection in the wall of mirror . try not to stare at the double door to the conference room . where it 's all happen . pace now . as a beefy plainclothes security guard ( NFL ? Hotel ? ) cross the expanse , approach --— '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 99 . security Sir , this be a private function . you be not suppose to be in this area . bennet you be right , I be suppose to be in there -- ( in there , past the big dude ) security I be go to have to ask you step away and return to the lobby with the other guest . ( and he 's in bennet 's face now ) bennet do not put you hand on I ! get you hand off I ! now the double door push open at we . football officialdom be on its foot in there and start to pour out . bennet 's Pov lock on the one black man . duerson , vibrate with rage . right up in bennet 's face -- duerson my father can not remember a goddamn thing . and he never play a day of football . he be too busy work . in a factory . you quack . you think I be some boy you can control ? take you bullshit science , go back to Africa , and get away from we game -- ( and move on , and -- ) bennet , stunne , can see pellman back in the conference room with goodell and Jones -- and Jones look up , and they hold a look . and we be in slo - mo , and Jones slowly blink , turn away , and -- the door swing close , leave bennet look at baile . baile be sweaty . stun . like he have be punch in the face . baile Roger goodell just say Justin strzelczyk may have get he concussion swim . in a swim pool . ( then ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 142 143 144 cherry page 1.21.15 100 . baile ( cont 'd ) it be a set-up . they need to say they hear we . so they can goddamn bury we . bennet hear nothing but a low - grade hum . baile slip out of frame as bennet float past baile into -- omit omit int . HOTEL conference room and stop . because goodell , pellman , maroon and Jones be set up for a summing - up . News conference . National camera . background with NFL logo hang drop behind the lectern . as goodell take he place , adjust he mic -- goodell this be a important day in the National football League . we have have some very good dialogue , which will help we improve the care for we player . reporter 1 what do you think when you hear about former NFL player who be suffer from symptom that have only be see in boxer or people over 80 - year old ? what do that say about the effect of concussion on player ? goodell I be not a doctor here . but you have to look at they entire medical history . from my standpoint , not be a doctor , that just make logical sense . you be see some great scientist and doctor , who have do terrific work in this area , share information . they do not all agree . the NFL have have a committee of expert doctor and scientist go on this for 14 year . this be a evolve science and that 's okay . we be push in on bennet , listen to all this , watch it all evaporate . pellman jump in -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 145 cherry page 1.21.15 101 . pellman while I agree with the commissioner , as I be discuss with other NFL medical personal , no empirically determine proof be present today . because there simply be not any . the truth be - and we will be deliver this directive to we player - that current research with professional athlete have not show that have more than one or two concussion lead to permanent problem , if each injury be manage properly . bennet start to back away , as -- reporter 2 goodell be you comfortable with the I do not know about level of care for former comfortable . I be not sure I player ? understand what you mean . bennet turn now , exite as the news conference drone on -- reporter 1 ( 0.s. ) do you think the league be currently do enough for player , or do you think you can do more --? and as the pile - on grow and crescendo , and now fade , fading in , in pre - lap -- NFL film narrator ( pre - lap ) ( operatic baritone ) from whistle to gun , there be enough major collision in pro football to stock a junkyard for a century -- bennet have leave the room , go , the door flap behind he - NFL film promo reel ( 4 - walled ) two baltimore raven ready for a play by butting helmet repeatedly . this slo - mo , under a swell elegaic score , as if two mythic ram . now -- NFL film narrator ( over ) hitting be what separate player from player . one team from another . pretender from contender . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . ek 146 147 cherry page 1.21.15 102. NFL film narrator ( over ) ( cont 'd ) and chump from champion -- ( cut to - - ) a montage , mute - cut of big hit . only the sound of helmet / pad crash , man grunt , gnash -- NFL film narrator ( over ) ( cont 'd ) and it be this , of course , that have always be part of football 's appeal . Cinematic , like a war movie - now churn arm and leg . punctuate by frame of receiver and other take devastating hit . the hit frame synched to the rhythm of the music . NFL film narrator ( over ) ( cont 'd ) a league where the meek do not inherit the turf . a game of thunder ! and destruction ! ( now cut to -- ) bernie goldberg / narrating ( prelap ) accord to the NFL 's own number , half of all player with concussion , be be send back into the same game . include some who be actually knock out cold . we ask the head of the NFL 's committee on concussion at the time , if that be a good idea . ( now to -- ) omit tv _4 - walled - HBO 's ' real sport 's with bryant gumbel ( actual footage ) and correspondent bernie goldberg . bernie goldberg that could lead to medical problem , no ? ira casson returning to play when you should not return to play ? there 's no clear evidence that have lead to medical problem , if that 's what you be ask I . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 103. and a cut over to he interview : 60ish , tweedy dresser , shaggy ring of white hair . '' Dr. ira casson , newly - appoint NFL Medical director '' . bernie goldberg / narrating back in 2007 , ira casson , be head of a team of NFL doctor who have look into the issue , and determine that the concern over head injury , be over blow . prema ( 0.s. ) ( mutter in swahili ) wao wana kichaa ! kuma nina . fala ! ( and reverse to find ) 148 bennet and prema in front of the tv watching -- bernie goldberg ( address casson ) be there any evidence , as far as you be concerned , that link multiple head injury among pro football player with depression ? casson no. bernie goldberg with dementia ? casson no. bernie goldberg with early onset of Alzheimer 's ? casson no. bernie goldberg ( disbelief creep in ) be there any evidence as of today that link multiple head injury with any long - term problem like that ? casson in NFL player ? bernie goldberg yeah . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 149 a149 cherry page 1.21.15 104 . casson no. ( and holding Goldberg 's near-smirk , we go to --) bennet . head in hand . and just when we think this can not get worse , we start hearing in pre - lap : goodell / tv ( pre - lap ) the first pick of the Houston texans - -! ( and cut hard to --) footage - NFL college draft - radio CITY music hall , NYC goodell amobi okoye ! defensive lineman from the University of louisville -- as goodell shake hand with bennet 's cousin , amobi , sweet - smile mountain of a man . we watch a tight of amobi , huge grin , hold up he new jersey , '' okoye - 91 '' - as he 's be draft . then pull back to reveal we be -- int . bennet 's condo bennet watch the circus-like spectacle on he tv . now head in hand . now shut it off . it 's late . quiet . bennet stop at the kitchen table . dream House material - floor plan , paint color chart , brochure for brick face - spread before he . weary , as he tap it all into a neat pile , and in a single tracking shot we follow he to the window . where we take in the back of St. benedict illuminate high atop the church , above we all . now into the bedroom , where he stand watch prema sleep . then get to he knee , he face by prema 's belly -- bennet hi . this be you father . ( what to say ? so insecure ) I be in deep shit . I have not do anything wrong , but I be be punish . you mother and I be be test . it might be not so good out here when you arrive . you be still with God . ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . b149 150 151 156 157 158 cherry page 1.21.15 105 . bennet ( cont 'd ) you face be still the face of God . please tell God to help I . ( and close he eye , and -) we slide to prema 's face . eye open . awake . listen . then -- int . / ext . prema 's car ( moving ) / moon TOWNSHIP - day prema drive herself there for first time alone . more pregnant . humming to a pop song on the radio . clarion voice . her eye tick up to the rear-view . a sedan . nondescript . windshield opaque with sky . keeping pace . and it 's still keep pace . she stop sing . she turn . it turn . she turn again . it keep go . she keep go . it reappear . now she 's there . in the neighborhood . grass . shrubbery be in . she look over at they home . then the rear-view . car 's go . omit omit ( 152-155 move to after 161 omit int . allegheny county coroner - day Sullivan lead bennet upstairs . before the top he stop they in the stairwell . bennet why do cyril want to see I ? sullivan hopefully to fire you . ( and they head into - - ) int . wecht 's office - allegheny county coroner - day where wecht be wait with two FBI agent . bennet what be this ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 106 . bennet now look from wecht to the Agents . go still , as a animal will at the scent of danger . then -- wecht I be be relieved of my duty . bennet I do not understand . agent wecht Dr. wecht be be indicted eighty -four Federal count . on eighty - four Federal mail fraud , wire fraud , and count , include -- related offense arise from he use of government resource to benefit he private practice . send personal fax , mileage voucher , misus office stationary -- bennet wecht ( cont 'd ) fax ? fax . bennet they could not come up with something that stupid in Nigeria . agent use public property for private gain . bennet you do know the man have be a public servant for decade -- agent 2 have you ever perform any private service on county time ? a pause as bennet do the math . then realize -- bennet do you mean the death row case ? I be on my time ! I save a innocent man 's life . wecht apparently we have both hurt the government 's feeling . ( then ) this have nothing to do with he . ( meaning bennet ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . + oh cherry page 1.21.15 107 . agent we do not want you , Dr. omalu . but we can have you . bennet what do that mean ? everything all at once . bennet 's wall crash around he . wecht they be go to want you testimony . ( and some sort of gesture tell he - -) bennet against you ? ( the silence say yes ; turn to the agent ) be this because he name be on my research ? agent 1 ( dead - pan ) what research be that , Dr. omalu ? bennet hold he look . a stare -down . a long beat , then -- bennet ( this be bullshit - - ) I all resign first . agent 2 in which case you immigration status will be revise . since you status require full - time employment . bennet ( so absurd he actually laugh ) I ' 1l get another job in some other city . ( and very - too - quickly ) agent that would be fine . 159 int . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - day over bennet 's shoulder as he walk slowly through the autopsy chamber . past Sullivan . Gracie . his hand shake . knee soft . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 107a . sound and light as if from the bottom of a pool . muffled . slow. prism . up the stair into he -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 108. int . bennet 's office - county coroner - day bennet enter . wecht trail in after he . wecht I say make we both come out okay , not professional ruination . and take in , maybe for the first time , bennet 's little shitbox of a office . the shitty high - school microscope . wecht ( cont ’d ) this be a terrible goddamn chair . ( look around ; the computer ) you have to buy that , too ? bennet everything . wecht I do not do good enough by you . bennet they will not make I say one word against you . wecht what 's there to say ? cyril wecht 's a loud-mouth asshole ? yeah , well . I do not care . I be tired . my ball be low -- then . why he 's really here -- wecht ( cont ’d ) look . whoever - whatever - take my place - everything be up for grab now . ( bennet be not read he ) the cte material - webster , Long , strzelczyk , Waters -- bennet and ? wecht and maybe the Allegheny County Medical examiner suddenly develop a storage problem . and certain brain matter be suddenly take up too much space . I will not be able to protect it . or you . ( then ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 108a . wecht ( cont 'd ) so I ask Sullivan where it all be . he have no idea . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 109 . bennet because it 's in my coat closet . wecht stare at he a beat . wecht you be a goddamn renegade , you know that ? ( then ) what if they get a warrant ? bennet on suspicion of what , science ? wecht laugh . then , the bottom line -- wecht we get screw . you do not deserve it . know what the worst part be ? how easy it be . bennet ( look at I --) I can not go back to Nigeria . all I be be here . my child be go to be bear american . wecht ( do not worry so much --) I ' 1l get you a job . you can work in the prison laundry with I . ( start to leave , then , fuck it ) call the surgeon . we need a goddamn drink . int . chinatown inn - pittsburgh - a little later we be follow bennet wobble slightly through the narrow passage from man 's room to the bar . it 's lunch - time . baile and wecht lean wait for he . we guy be drunk . bennet stare at the fish -- baile I be tell you there 's only one thing they be think about now : how many more year of clean profit they can squeeze out of professional football . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 110 . wecht bennet before they have to put a ( and mimic ) warning label on the sport . '' the surgeon General have determined that play football be dangerous to you Health . '' ( he glass ) johnny Walker -- baile before people stop buy team jersey . the NFL 's already game this out , the merchandise , the cable deal , endorsement deal , advertising , when all that will start to skid sideways , then slide . ( then ) do you know tagliabue be law partner at covington & burling , the firm that represent the seven Big tobacco company ? wecht of course he be . baile the law firm that now represent the National football League . wecht of course it do . baile in my last year with the steeler , the League move a game froma Sunday to a Tuesday because of a blizzard . the League say it be not worried about tv rating because the NFL be immune even from act of God . wecht be start to give baile a dark look . bennet ( drink ) and now here come this omalu , mere pathologist and foreigner of questionable background . wecht now highly deportable pathologist and foreigner . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 111. baile and then there be the National football League -- bennet immune from act of god - baile -- and its 25 year of expert brain research . bennet omalu vs. football . bennet omalu vs. America . that 's they playbook . pause . they be actually quite drunk . wecht up - end he bourbon . after a beat -- pause . wecht know how many people cigarettes kill since the warning label go on ? 200 - million . 5 - million a year . but there be more smoker now than ever . people want what they want . bennet ( dawn even on he ) maybe this all make football bigger . maybe all this somehow mean more , more money , more of everything . pause . sober -- wecht because it 's the goddamn Roman coliseum , right ? and the people can not get enough of the car crash of it all . they drink . contemplate that . wecht be stare at baile , as if at a traitor . baile can not hold he look , turn away , as bennet , under he breath -- bennet until someone die people give a damn about . ( then cut to - - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 152 153 154 cherry page 1.21.15 112. ext . allegheny county coroner - pittsburgh - day bennet at the cross -walk wait for the light to change , return from the bar . a Police cruiser - siren pierce - smashes by . bennet turn to stare at it . suddenly nervous . and instinctively turn . a pick - up truck have stop alongside . the driver - no one special - look at he . eye meet . bennet look away . as the signal change . and the car move off -- Gracie 's break away from the building , run to he , wave , as in a bad fuck dream -- gracie bennet ! ! ( now smash to --) int . emergency - presbyterian university hospital - day bennet in a scrum of emt and nurse run prema in . doctor converge . prema pale , weep , as , on the run -- paramedic 30 - year old female , G -1 , p -zero , 18 week ega pregnancy , heavy bleed , suspect miscarriage -- int . o.r. - presbyterian university hospital - day bennet 's hand on prema 's face . doctor search with the ultrasound wand . as all eye on the image . the space where the heart be - dark . a nurse place a hand on prema 's arm . a doctor say , sorry . we see he mouth move , but we be in bennet 's Pov and he 's hearing nothing . he move to prema 's face , and hold it . both of they cry . bennet ( to the room ) will you please excuse we ? ( and when they be alone ) I be sorry I be sorry . I make a mistake . this be my fault I be sorry - prema this be not you fault -- ( and then we --) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 155 cherry page 1.21.15 113. int . recovery room - presbyterian university hospital bennet enter amidst the bouquet . '' you friend at the coroner 's office '' . he bend over prema . press he forehead to hers . sit . take in where they be . ( all the place they be . ) bennet I wish I never meet Mike webster . prema you work be beautiful . you be beautiful . bennet but they destroy we . I do not understand why this be happen this way . what else do I have to do ? prema bennet . look at I -- ( and he do ) do you know what I choose to fake ? ( --) you . by now he be cry . bennet we will have this family . prema yes , we will . ( --) just not here . ( it 's time to let go . and let God . ) omit int . home - moon TOWNSHIP - day bennet walk through he nearly - finish home . airy , light . built-in . faux - grand but grand nonetheless . walk through he kid 's room . ( there be two . ) one already paint into a nursery . his master bath . dragging he finger along he marble . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 164 cherry page 1.21.15 114. stop at the window . transfix by the mcmansion across the street . Fresh shrubbery unwrapped , sod fresh . american family in . kide , 7 & 11 , bike , dad assemble a bbq , mom 's unpack the garage . now down the stair into he lab . the space carve for he dissection table . his freezer . his . voice ( 0.s. ) hello ? Mr. omalu ? bennet ( he 's so weary - -) Dr. omalu ( and climb to meet --) the contractor . stand in he new live room . contractor I just need the measurement for the flat screen . bennet that be not go to be necessary . ( and now - - ) bennet stand in he foyer and close the new raw - wood door . grab a 2 x 4 . turn look at he wall . we do not know what he will do . and - volcanic - he swing and -- bury it in sheetrock . bam ! again . and again . bam ! dust. splinter . and as he swing -- we pull outside the house , tracking in reverse , house receding in frame , the perfect window , the perfect yard , the baby foliage . glimpse of bennet in the window , swinging at the gut of the house . then stop . slip to he knee , weep seethe with rage -- as we keep go back . rising , pulling high and far from the cul - de-sac , the subdivision . everything in front of we - the lot , the street - so well design . such a good story . now this . and as we keep we -- dissolve to black and over black screen , we hear bennet sing : '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a169 b169 cherry page 1.21.15 115 . bennet ( pre - lap ) if ever you be in my arm again this time I will love you much better if ever you be in my arm again this time I will hold you forever -- and up to -- omit omit omit int . / ext . bennet 's car / central valley - california - day bennet - in a 2010 mercede sedan - crossing a ocean of Kansas - flat farmland . dry and desolate . tract after tract of arid farmland , ranch home stick up out of the landscape like tombstone . mexican day-laborer and tractor . and pull up to -- ext . subdivision - lodi , california - day dropped amid the field . treeless . single -story brick ranch . sun-bleach . the sun be high . the air be 105 . bennet get out with grocery and into -- int . bennet 's new home - lodi , california - day bennet play with a toddler in the gravelly back yard . blow - up pool . kneel in the dirt , put in tomato trellise . time have passed . and bennet look up . he 's happy . prema - pregnant with # 2 - wave behind glass -- then cut to -- omit '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 170 a170 171 172 173 174 175 176 cherry page 1.21.15 116. omit int . morgue - lodi , california - day humble pre-fab trailer . Blue - light fly zapper spilling dead bug . the refrigerate room be bumper- car with dead migrant laborer wrap loosely in sheet . one poorly - train assistant . a single slab . bennet roll out he special instrument . every death always be sacred : '' tell I how this happen , Jose . '' no one to tell he otherwise . and begin he work . a fleck on he sleeve , and off come he smock , and as he reach for a fresh one -- omit int . bedroom - bennet 's new house - night bennet asleep next to prema . his arm drape over she pregnant belly protectively . they kid 's bed against the wall . toddler calmly asleep . duerson ( pre - lap ) ( manic , into phone ) my mind 's slip , man . I can not find the goddamn word -- the sound of footstep shuffle on carpet . heavy breathe . pant . grunt . and now up to -- omit omit omit int . condo - sunny isle beach , florida - day we find Dave duerson pace . on he cell . into a mirror . who be that ? where be you ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 177 cherry page 1.21.15 117 . duerson ( manic , into phone ) something seriously wrong with my head -- we see laid out on he kitchen table , a issue of Sports illustrate . the cover piece say '' concussion '' ( the word superimpose over steeler linebacker jame harrison mercilessly spearing a receiver ) . and photo of a ex-wife . Children . Parents . a portrait of himself in a Chicago bear uniform . duerson ( cont 'd ) what ? yeah . yeah . yeah . gotta do it . give it to they . I be sorry . I gotta I just can not do this -- and drop the phone . now we see the gun in he other hand . .38 special . duerson head to he bed . lay on top of it . slip a clean white sheet over himself to the neck . we be right over he . as he put the gun muzzle to he chest . eye wide . right to we : Goodbye . and -- CUT to black pause , then -- bang ! over black screen we hear a phone ringing . two ring , three . SNAP . Light come on . revealing -- int . bennet 's new home - lodi , california - simultaneous / night clock read midnight . bennet ( pick up ) hello ? '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 118. baile / phone ( over ) it 's Julian . ( and we intercut baile in he robe in he kitchen - ) Dave duerson kill himself today . bennet slip out of bed away from a sleep prema . take the phone into the hall . baile he shot himself in the chest , bennet . in the heart . bennet oh my god -- baile he leave a note . he say he be think about all NFL player . he want he brain donate . to be examine . he say we be right . bennet he say that ? bennet have go to stand at a window look out on he humble little street . baile bennet ? you there ? bennet for the brain 's last act to not just die , but preserve itself in the act of kill , to give a instruction to shoot into the chest - Julian , human being do not do that . push in on bennet . his grief and anger . baile bennet . Dave duerson kill himself - the way he kill himself - they can not explain this one . it 's undeniable now . it 's all go to unravel . and on bennet blink , try to comprehend what baile be say to he , we smash to -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . 178 179 cherry page 1.21.15 119 . int . bennet 's new home - lodi , california - day / earlier bennet in they modest bedroom . before he cramped open closet . fluster and overthink the suit . 0.s. the kid play and laugh . prema enter . she 's pregnant . bennet pull out a conservative gray suit . prema that be what they wear . ( and take it from he and put it back ) bennet what do I say to they ? prema who do you speak for ? when you know who you speak for you know what to say and what to mean . ( pull out a bold pin - stripe suit ) go and give they what belong to they . tell they what 's really happen . wear what you be . ( and we smash to - -) bennet 's face . huge in frame . game face . set . we pull back to reveal -- int . / ext . limousine ( moving ) / palm beach - florida - day bennet in back . the driver glance at he in the rear-view . the phone still ringing as we add and intercut -- outside the limo , wide tree -line street . expensive lawn . golf course . who can bennet be that he 's go where he 's go ? -- the limo pulling up to the breaker HOTEL - palm beach and its turrete versaille - like grounds . the only other non - white move mower and bag . if a plantation be a castle . sign board at entrance : '' welcome National football League player Association special concussion summit . '' '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . * 184 cherry page 1.21.15 120. int . presidential suite - breaker HOTEL with a terrace let out on the Atlantic . a Louis XVI bed . mural . a fountain . bennet leave alone to dust off . stand in the center of the obscene room -- choose to iron he suit in he underwear . and shave . scrape he face , a tension surface . eye to hand . push in close on he hand . blade bow against he cheek . until slice himself . he watch in the mirror the blood zag down he face . then drop , and as it fall , as it splatter the sink , cut away to -- int . grand ballroom foyer bennet outside wait against another mirrore wall . this one leaf in gold . turn to the glass to cinch he tie . tight on he collar : smudge of blood . he touch it . decide to leave it there . and turn to -- int . grand ballroom - breaker HOTEL bennet approach the podium . and turn to 500 face . mostly player , former player , they family . but there be Jones and pellman . NFL lawyer . team doctor , player rep . and the wife . we know who they be . because they be in they 40' and 5us . and because they be alone , no man beside they . among they , keana strzelczyk . and she kid . we find baile . he nod at bennet , smallest nod of accomplishment . behind all that , toward the back : Mike webster . wait , listen with intent . bennet take out he speech . glance at the page . then up at the audience . at webster . in the suffocating silence . he grip and lean into the podium . stare out there , weigh the cost of what he have like to say against what he might say . capable now of anything -- bennet I do not hate football . my wife have start watch it . I see the grace , the drama . ( a long pause ) ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 121. bennet ( cont 'd ) I once say I wish I never meet Mike webster . I be wrong . he be commit , a captain , a warrior , quiet in he pain . he 's give we a gift . the gift of know . in the place I come from , we take care of we warrior . and give respect to that with the power to heal they . ( he eye stop on Mike webster ) this men-- and stop . look away . elsewhere . find keana strz , she kid . his eye go back to webster . and stay there . bennet ( cont 'd ) -- be not machine . not commodity . not video game figure . we love they when they be heroes . by die they speak for the live . and I speak for they . that be all I do . ( --) forgive they . forgive yourselves . be at peace -- ( and to webster - - ) I thank you . and now bennet simply stop and walk off . every face in the room turn he way . here and there people have stand up . player . wive . as he exit . not webster . as bennet turn for the exit , he spot he sit where he sit . we be slo -mo . pull away but hang onto webster . his hand on knee . head down . alone . as keana strzelczyk , behind he , be weep in silence . her child , teenager , cocoon she in they arm . they be let it go . letting it all go . bennet leave all of they . and now -- int . limousine ( moving ) / palm beach - florida - day in the back , with the breaker recede in frame behind he . as we hear , in pre - lap -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21. 15 senator JOHN conyer ( pre - lap ) but what 's the answer ? be there a link between play professional football and the likelihood of contracting a brain - related injury , dementia , cte ? ( and we cut to -- ) roger goodell , pixilate , on tv , half -hidden behind a witness table mic we're in the rayburn Building , U.S. Capitol . behind goodell , a pack gallery . before he , a angry congressional panel . and conyer be visibly frustrated -- goodell ( bumbling ) we be do everything we possibly can for we player now . senator JOHN conyer but what 's the answer ? goodell the medical expert would know better than I with respect to that . but we be reinforce we commitment — ( now adding --) bennet , in lodi , watching this on he tv sitting like a pupil before the screen . prema stand behind he like a sentry . the phone start to ring . hold , then -- rep . linda sanchez ( livid ) it remind I of the tobacco company sit in this same chamber say , ' there be no link between smoking and damage to you health . 's a fuck congressional warhead . goodell flop-sweaty . and now we intercut --— baile , watch this at he office . wecht , at the Chinatown Inn . sullivan and gracie , in the break room . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . a186 * cherry page 1.21.15 123. jone , from he office . amobi , on he iphone in a football locker room . the phone ringing over all this , as -- rep . maxine water we have hear from the NFL time and time again . you be always study . you be always try . you be always hopeful -- and as we push in on goodell , wear a look of constipation . then -- back to bennet 's home . his kid . prema this be all because of you . you do this . and as he turn now and look out the window , at the sun - bleach street , the empty blue sky . as he look around they at they humble dig . no dream house , this -- int . restaurant - hay adam HOTEL - WASHINGTON DC - day lunch crowd go . bennet sit opposite deputy mayor allan hirschorn , 50 . washingtonian conservative . a waiter set down a tray of coffee . deputy mayor first time in Washington ? bennet never have the time . deputy mayor well , we be thrilled you accept we invitation -- bennet Washington D.C. be the capital of this nation . lodi , California be the capital of lettuce . I be curious . ( he smile , and he do , he 's infectious - - ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . * * cherry page 1.21.15 123a . deputy mayor ( he pour herself coffee ) Chief Medical examiner of Washington , D.C. ( more ) '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . b186 * cherry page 1.21.15 124. deputy mayor ( cont 'd ) mean you have also consult with the CIA and FBI , and any foreign government request the assistance of the United States government . ( then ) essentially , you be America 's forensic pathologist . you would not have to put on scrub , or perform a autopsy . you be beyond all that now -- ( as if that 's good news ) bennet be look out the window . to the Department of justice . the White House . sidewalks hurry with people in suit who strap into the cockpit that fly the nation . deputy mayor ( cont ’d ) would you like to know about the benefit package ? bennet I be sure it 's fine . the deputy Mayor ponder he . feel he dilemma . deputy mayor we know what you do , Dr. omalu . you exemplify what it be to be a american . you belong in the nation 's capital . and it start to well in he , the whole road here -- deputy mayor ( cont ’d ) we would like to offer you the job . he be barely contain he emotion . she see it in he , look away , give he privacy , understanding -- deputy mayor ( cont 'd ) why do not you take a couple day and think about it --? int . bennet 's new home - lodi , california - night bennet 's overnight bag by the front door . bennet and prema in the kitchen . she 's wash . he 's drying . they daughter at work at she doll house . prema stop . look at he . bennet deep in think . until , finally -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 125. prema be you go to tell I what you say ? bennet I do not say anything . they give I a week to decide . he wipe he hand . take in this humble house . his kid , she toy . his pregnant wife . prema it 's everything you want . she 's not even sure about that . and neither be he now . and he turn . they hold a long look . then -- int . morgue - lodi , california - day bennet at he work . pause by a body on the slab . Left hand alight on the forehead . right on the cold gray hand . deep in think . then -- bennet 's attention turn . pull from the humble autopsy chamber , we follow he into the hall . and refocus on a tv play on the clerk 's desk . fading in -- reporter / tv ( over ) -- sport fan and , frankly , all Americans across the nation be stunne today by the suicide of 42 - year old football Hall of famer junior seau , one of football 's most beloved , revere , and fear , player , who this morning commit suicide . seau shot himself in the heart -- ( now we see ) footage of bedlam . handsome , samoan face . neck ropey with muscle . toothy smile . to a crime scene . yellow tape wrapping a beautiful seaside bungalow . Police . ambulance . now -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . * cherry page 1.21.15 126. bennet . as he expression move from shocked . to upset . to calm . confirm . now we follow he into -- int . bennet 's office - lodi morgue - continuous bennet pass he medical degree on the wall . all of they up there now . frame and pretty . plenty of room . and change into he shirt , and cross through frame in extreme f.g. , and recross , dress , work , busy -- as we begin a slow push past he to the wall , where we find -- Brain case stack floor to ceiling . and file , maybe a hundred : Tom mchale , 45 , Tampa Bay buccaneer ... Nathan stile , 17 , spring Hill High School ... Christopher Henry , 26 , Cincinnati bengal ... damien nash , 25 , Denver broncos ... curtis whitley , 39 , San Diego charger ... greg page , 50 , boxer ... Justin leven , 28 , boxer ... norman Hand , 37 , New York Giants ... bennet return , change into a suit , then -- int . / ext . bennet 's car / central valley , CA - day his mercede cut fast through the ocean of crop . factory , ranch . school . a high school . now - suddenly slow -- pull alongside a junior varsity football practice . the kid - mostly mexican - strapping on helmet . that nutcracker drill . as other kid be wind down . toss the ball . toss water bottle . the adolescent knucklehead haze of rangy leggy puppy . the game as rite of passage . and we reverse on bennet . he forget himself . it 's a little funny . kid . then -- two player line up 15 yard apart , turn to face each other like bull . and run . bennet take a step toward they as the kid hurtle forward erase the space between they . faster . intercutting bennet and the blur . 5 - yard and close . 2 - yard . and now -- freeze . a single frame before helmet collide ina devastating crow - to-crown blow . hold there , and over that -- '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved . cherry page 1.21.15 127. crawl * bennet omalu turn down the Washington job offer . he remain in lodi , California , with prema and he two child . * shortly after Hall of Fame linebacker , junior seau , shot himself in the heart , more than 4,500 retire NFL player sue the NFL for conceal the danger of concussion . * the NFL propose a settlement in which former NFL commissioner Paul tagliabue and Dr. elliot pellman would never be question under oath , and the League would never have to disclose what it know about concussion - related brain problem , or when it know it . * last September , actuary hire by the NFL conclude that 33 % of all retire professional football player will suffer '' serious cognitive impairment '' , include cte , in they lifetime . * all Federal charge against Dr. cyril wecht be eventually drop . to black . '' 2015 ctmg . all rights reserved .