confession of a dangerous mind a screenplay by Charlie Kaufman base on confession of a dangerous mind a unauthorize biography by Chuck barris third draft ( revise ) May 5 , 1998 music in : ominous orchestral text , white on black : this film be a reenactment of actual event . it be base on Mr. barris 's private journal , public record , and hundred of hour of tape interview . fade in : ext . NYC STREET - night subtitle : new york CITY , fall 1981 it 's raining . a cab speed down a dark , bumpy side -street . int . cab - continuous look in he rearview mirror , the cab driver check out he passenger : a sweaty young man in a gold blazer with a " p " insignia over he breast pocket . several paper bag on the back seat hedge he in . the young man be immerse in the scrawle list he clutches in he hand . a pass street light momentarily illuminate the list and we glimpse a few of the entry : double-coate waterproof fuse ( 500 foot ) ; .38 ammo ( hollowpoint configuration ) ; potato chip ( lay ) . go show a excerpt from the gong show ( reenacted ) . the video image fill the screen . we watch a fat man recite hamlet , punctuate he soliloquy with loud belching noise . the audience be boo . eventually the man get gong . Chuck barris , age 50 , hat pull over he eye , dance out from the wing to comfort the agitate performer . performer why would they do that ? I be not do . barris ( age 50 ) I do not understand . juice , why would you go this nice man ? jaye P. morgan not to be . that be the answer . the studio audience laugh . 2 . int . taxi cab - night the cab sloshes to a stop in front of a liquor store . the young man get out , jog through the rain toward the fluorescent storefront . the cab driver wait , listen to staticky report in a foreign language on he radio . the meter be run . the back seat be pile high with bag . go show Chuck barris spastically dance on the screen along with gene gene the Dancing Machine . barris turn to the camera , point at it . barris we will be right back with more stuff . int . taxi cab - night the back of the cab be fill with even more bag and box . the cab stop . the young man get out and confer with a shady look guy on the corner . the young man pull out a big wad of cash . money and a small package change hand . the meter in the cab be at thirty - five dollar and change . the go show Chuck barris be be sniff in the crotch by a large dog . the audience howl with glee . suddenly the video image explode . slow motion spark and shard of glass shoot toward the camera . we pull back to reveal we be in a darken , messy hotel room . we pan across the wall , past tape - up , yellow newspaper clipping with headline like " gong show a New low in Television " , " the dumbing of America " , and " Chuck barris be the decline of western civilization . " we come to rest on a naked middle - age man crouching in the shadow in the corner , hold a gun . this be Chuck barris . the television continue to sputter , spark , and smoke . there be a knock at the door . barris ( mumbly ) fuck . shit. piss . nake barris , still hold the gun , seem panicked . he hesitates , try to determine he option . should he answer the door ? should he climb out onto the window ledge ? finally , he creep to the door and peek out the peephole for a long moment . he unlock the door , open it . the sweaty , young man , a bellhop , stand there with he many bag . ( continued ) 3 . continued : he try to appear casual as take in the sight : a naked Chuck barris hold a gun , a explode , smoking tv set in the background . barris ( cont 'd ) ( weakly ) more stuff ? bellhop yes sir , Mr. barris . everything you request . except I could not find a ... ( consult list ) ... dh - 10 directional fragmentation mine . barris well , it 's late . ( mumble and bow ) but thank you . thank you for try . you be a scholar and a ... barris trail off , give a quick glance both way down the hall , then motion for the bellhop to enter . the bellhop place the bag on a table , fish in he pocket and pull out some bill . barris ( cont 'd ) keep it . it 's okay . keep it . you be a scholar and a ... barris trail off . bellhop ( eye avert ) thank you , sir . suddenly barris become agitate . barris why be you not look at I like that ? do I look ugly to you ? ( run to the mirror ) it 's the not sleep . I be not sleep , see . I have a lot on my ... barris trail off . there be a pause . the bellhop attempt to make conversation . bellhop ( be : explode tv ) um , another gong show rerun , sir ? the naked barris approach the bellhop , drape he arm over the young man 's shoulder and walk with he . ( continued ) 4 . continued : ( 2 ) barris ( conspiratorially ) you know what I would do ? -- and do not tell anybody -- I would rub ... I would rub alpo brand dog food on my dick so the dog would stick they nose into my ... dick . guaranteed big laugh , right ? that be my trick , my great contribution to the world . how would not I degrade myself , I ask you . there be a silence . barris ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) I ask you ! bellhop I ... I ... I do not know , sir . suddenly barris punch himself in the head , flop down on the unmade bed . the bellhop glance at barris 's bare ass , look away . bellhop ( cont 'd ) Mr. barris , maybe if you just do not watch the show every night , you would not have to -- barris I always pay for the damn tv 's , do not I ? ( turn to face he ) do not I ?! bellhop it 's -- yes , you do , sir , and we appreciate that -- it 's just that there have be complaint from some of the other guest , and Mr. andrew , the assistant manager , request that I -- barris still ? complaint ? I specifically use the silencer this time ! specifically ! bellhop well , the people in 917 find a bullet lodge in they wall . and while we want to accommodate you -- we certainly value you patronage -- there be a issue of customer safety . barris let this sink in . ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 3 ) barris yes , of course . barris find he pants drape over a chair , pull out he wallet , hold some more money out to the bellhop . barris ( cont 'd ) my apology . buy -- 917 , be it ? -- buy they a magnum of you finest champagne . and ... and you finest spackle . oh , and get I a bag of plastic army man while you be out . I forget to tell you before . the bellhop sigh , take the money . bellhop thank you for you understanding , sir . the bellhop exist . barris ( call after ) and some black sock ! Seven black sock , you rascule ! barris lock the door , dump the content of the bag onto the floor , fish through the mess for a cigar , put the cigar in he mouth , study himself in a full length mirror . barris ( cont 'd ) bellhop Johnson be clearly repulse by the sight of I . and why not ? I be wrinkle ... ( search for simile , then proudly ) ... like a prune . cover in liver spot ... ( search for simile ) ... like a old guy . my hair be fall out in clump , leave expose patch of white , sickly scalp . a flabby inner-tube of fat hang from my waist , practically obscure my bedraggle prick -- dark and shrivel and dead . still leak urine even though I leave the toilet age ago . my asshole itches . hemorrhoid abound . George Orwell say every man have the face he deserve by fifty . do every man have the asshole he deserve by fifty , as well ? do every fifty year old asshole have the asshole he deserve ? 6 . ext . terrace - day this feel real , verite . the actual Chuck barris , smoking a cigar , be be interview . he stand outside he villa in St. Tropez , older than the middle - age barris depict in the hotel room , and talk to someone off - camera . actual barris it be 1981 . I have hole myself up in this New York hotel . parker Hotel . terrify of everything . ashame of my life . interviewer ( o.c. ) ashame ? what do you mean ? barris walk through a small vegetable garden as he talk , occasionally adjust a stake or pull out a weed . actual barris when you be young , you potential be infinite . you might do anything , really . you might be great . you might be Einstein . you might be goethe . then you get to a age where what you might be give way to what you have be . you be not Einstein . you be not anything . that 's a bad moment . but I remember something carlyle write : " ... there be no life of a man , faithfully record , but be a heroic poem of its sort , rhyme or unrhyme . " I realize my salvation might be in recording my waste life , unflinchingly . maybe it would serve as a cautionary tale . maybe it would help I understand why . int . HOTEL room - night barris , now in a hotel terrycloth bathrobe and a porkpie hat , sit at a desk and type manically . barris ( v.o. ) my name be Charles Prescott barris . I have write pop song , I have be a television producer . I be responsible for pollute the airwave with mind - numb , puerile entertainment . in addition , I have murder thirty - three human being . I be damned to hell . dissolve to : 7. ext . philadelphia STREET - day it 's sepia . Three year old Chuck , dress somewhat girlishly and sport a blonde pageboy haircut be be pose on a pony by a photographer . his mother stand by anxiously as the boy totter on the animal . barris ( v.o. ) bear in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1931 , my early childhood remain accessible to I only as a series of elliptical , enigmatic memory . int . butcher shop - day a smile butcher hand a slice of bologna to young barris , who put it in he mouth . barris ( v.o. ) the taste of bologna fresh from the butcher . ext . cement yard - day a baby doll be set afire . Young barris dance around it . barris ( v.o. ) the sickly sweet smell of a burn babydoll on a crisp autumn day . int . childhood bedroom - day Young barris be be dress by he mother . we be close on the velvet material be slip over he head . barris ( v.o. ) Velvet brush against my tender young skin , as my mother dress I . ext . school yard - day Young barris roll on the ground in battle with another boy , as a crowd of child look on . barris ( v.o. ) a constant , inarticulate rage lead to fist fight after fist fight . int . childhood bedroom - morning Young barris watch dust mote light by the early morning sunlight pour through he bedroom window . ( continued ) 8 . continued : barris ( v.o. ) the calm I feel watch dust suspend in the early morning sunlight . int . childhood bedroom - night Young barris sit on the floor and watch the shadow of a man walk upstairs . the young boy be clearly terrify . barris ( v.o. ) I remember fear . int . master bedroom - morning toddler barris watch he mother change clothes . he study she pendulous breast . she look down , smile warmly . barris ( v.o. ) Love . mother you like the way mommy look , chuckie ? barris ( age 4 ) yes . mother I bet you would like to be a mommy some day , would not you ? barris yes , mommy . please . mother c'mere , you . his mother lift the little boy to she breast and press he face against they . he be in heaven . int . childhood home - day four year old Chuck sit at the dining room table with several other four year old . they all wear party hat . barris 's father , a milquetoast middle - age man enter in birthday hat , carry a cake decorate with four light candle . he lead the child in " happy birthday dear Chuck " as young Chuck beam . barris ( v.o. ) rejection . ( continued ) 9 . continued : Chuck glance at the kitchen doorway . his mother stand there , stare at he . she dress in black mourn clothes , complete with veil . int . nursery - day Young Chuck peek in as he mother sit in a rock chair and hold barris 's infant sister . she fuss with the bow and frill on the baby 's outfit . the light in the room be golden and warm . barris ( v.o. ) expulsion . we move in on the little boy 's devastate face , then follow he as he turn and walk down the hall into darkness . dissolve to : int . live room - day a sixteen year old barris lie on he back on a couch lazily toss a football in the air . tuvia , a thirteen year old girl , sit on the floor play with a puppy . in the background , throughout the scene , we hear the inept play of scale on a bass violin . barris ( v.o. ) when I be sixteen I have a experience with my little sister 's friend tuvia that leave a indelible impression . barris ( cont 'd ) Phoebe 's no walter page , huh , tuvia ? tuvia I do not know who that be . barris of course you do not . ( beat ) why be you wait around anyway , listen to this cacophonous cacophony , when you could be in you own abode disrupt the life of you own sibling ? tuvia I do not know what anything you say mean . barris no . you would not , would you . ( continued ) 10 . continued : barris watch tuvia play with the dog . she get on all four and yelp , imitate the dog . this excite the dog , who bounce around she . barris study tuvia 's expose white underwear for a while . this excite barris . finally he pull a afghan off the back of the couch and drape it over he pants . we hear he unzip he fly . barris ( cont 'd ) hey . tuvia ( not look ) what ? barris hey , tuvia . tuvia ( turn ) wha -at ?! tuvia see barris fiddling with something under the afghan . she get quiet . barris you wanna lick it ? tuvia snort , go back to play with the dog . tuvia no . why should I ? barris well , for one thing it taste like strawberry . my sister tell I you love strawberry . tuvia yeah , well ... I hate strawberry . barris honestly , a man 's penis taste exactly like a strawberry lollipop . tuvia look , I know that 's not true , so -- barris it be true . it 's weird but it 's true . I just read a research paper on it . tuvia look at the afghan . 11 . int . HOTEL room - night Middle -ag Chuck barris turn from the typewriter and stare out the window at the dark night sky . barris ( sadly wistful ) my first love . int . live room - day tuvia 's face jerk up into frame . she spit . tuvia uchh . yech . it do not taste anything like strawberry , you creep . the dog stick he head under the afghan . barris shoos he away . barris ( curious ) well , what do it taste like ? tuvia get up . tuvia y'know , I be gonna tell you mother what you just do . barris if you do , I will tell you mother you make we dog lick you crack . tuvia I do not ! barris ( shrugging ) so what ? int . HOTEL room - night Middle -ag barris type as the camera glide over some of the acquire detritus in he room : skin magazine , a gun and silencer , liquor , a copy of Beyond good and evil , a disguise kit , a kid 's sproute lima bean science fair project . barris ( v.o. ) perhaps my whole life turn at that point . the repulsiveness of my sex confirm by the tastebud of a ripening pubescent girl . 12 . montage sequence of young barris unsuccessfully attempt to pick up girl at bar , unsuccessfully attempt to cop a feel on a date in a movie theater , stand on a front porch unsuccessfully attempt to kiss a girl good night , stand outside of a movie theater in the rain , hold a umbrella over he head and check he watch . barris ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and so I find myself in a downward spiral of debauchery . endlessly chase pussy . my only focus in life : to get laid , to get blow , try to fool myself into believe that give the right combination of circumstance and deception , maybe the tuvias of the world could desire I the way I desire they . I only want to be love . int bar - night barris be fight another drunken guy . he 's get pummele . barris ( v.o. ) a constant , inarticulate rage lead to bar fight after bar fight . the two man get toss from the bar . ext . bar - continuous the other guy get up , brushes himself off , orient himself , and after a moment start beat barris again . ext . highway - day subtitle : New Jersey Turnpike , 1955 a bus drive along . we see from the sign above the windshield that it be bound for New York . int . bus - continuous Young barris , age 24 , in travel clothes and red hunt cap , stare out the window . barris ( v.o . ) as much as I try , I could not understand my past and my present be miserable , so , at twenty - four , I decide what I need be a future ... 13 . ext . rockefeller CENTER ( 1955 ) - day Young barris , suitcase in hand , look up at the impressive building . people hurry by . barris ( v.o. ) ... I have hear that television be a industry with a future . barris enter the building with resolve . int . NBC studio ( 1955 ) - day Young barris , age 24 , dress in a NBC blazer be lead a group of sheep - like tourist down a hall . barris next , we will have a look at the studio where they produce the today show . the tourist " ooooh . " another tour group come around a corner . this one be lead by Georgia , a perky , blonde southern girl . the two group squeeze past each other . Chuck try to make eye contact with Georgia . he smile at she , but she ignore he . int . NBC commissary - day barris be at the cash register pay for he food . he look around for a place to sit . he spot Georgia , sit with a female friend , and he sit at a table behind , so as to listen unobserve to they conversation . girlfriend that fella Raymond in payroll be kinda cute , huh ? georgia cute 's all well and good , Mary Ann , but what you want be a man who 's goin ' place . a go - getter on the management fast - track . barris register this information . int . NBC personnel office - day barris stand at the counter talk to a female clerk . barris management trainee application , please . the clerk hand he a application without look up . ( continued ) 14 . continued : barris ( cont 'd ) how many people apply for this so far ? clerk ( calculate ) let 's see , include you ... about two thousand . barris for how many position ? clerk ( look up and smile ) five . int . new york public library - day barris sit with a book and copying the name of three of the board of director of rca onto he application under the head of " personal reference . " int . barris' bedroom - night Young barris be have sex with Georgia . they finish . barris roll off she and onto he back . Georgia sigh . georgia tell I again . barris head of network sale at thirty . head of the entire network at forty . georgia and ? barris ( rote ) Dead of a heart attack by fifty with all my million leave to you . georgia you be wonderful . I love you , Mr. Chuck barris , management trainee . she climb on top of barris and begin kissing he all over . barris ( v.o. ) life be sweet . for a minute . 15 . int . barris' apartment - afternoon Georgia be look radiant as she read a movie magazine . barris enter . she run over to kiss he . georgia baby doll ! barris I get fire . she pull away , study he for a moment , let it sink in . georgia fire ? barris fire . f-i-r ... georgia fire ? what the fuck do you get fire for ?! barris I do not know , efficiency cutback . some bullshit ... look , it 's gonna be ... georgia well , I be pregnant , you fuck ! barris pregnant ? georgia yeah , pregnant ! barris what the fuck do you get pregnant for ?! georgia what do you mean , what the fuck do I get pregnant for ? you get I fuck pregnant , you fuck ! barris well , fuck you . int . bar - night barris sit drunkenly at the bar . he talk to a drunken guy next to he . ( continued ) 16 . continued : barris so I figure I would skip town . I intend to be important , y'know , I can not be saddle with this .. but then I remember something carlyle say : " do the duty which lie nearest thee . " bar fly who 's carlyle ? barris dear God , why do I even bother ? bar fly hey , fuck you , you condescending prick . barris hey , fuck you . bar fly hey , fuck you . barris hey , fuck you . the guy punch barris . a fight ensue . int . barris' apartment - night barris be drunk on the couch watch a tv game show , he face swollen from the fight . Georgia enter . georgia ( pissy ) look like I be just late . barris barely acknowledge this , continue to watch tv . int . barris' bedroom - early morning barris and Georgia be in bed . Georgia be asleep . barris open he eye , quietly climb out of bed . int . apartment - day another verite-look interview . a middle - age blonde woman , the actual Georgia , be talk to someone off -camera . sitting next to she be a jewish - look middle - age man . actual georgia I wake up and he be go . no note . no nothing . I never see he again . until that stupid tv show he do . ( continued ) 17 . continued : jewish - looking man the gong show . actual georgia I know what it 's call , jerk . int . commuter train - day we be close on a copy of the NY Herald tribune . the headline read Clark testify before " payola " Committee . we pull back to see young barris , in a suit , read the paper in a passenger car of a move train . barris ( v.o. ) in ' 61 I be thirty . I have become a minor suit at ABC . it be during the music payola scandal ... int . tv studio - day american bandstand be taping . the studio be fill with dance teens . barris sit off to one side behind a impose desk in the semi-darkness , suspiciously watch Dick Clark 's every move , and take copious note . Clark glance over nervously . barris ( v.o. ) ... so my job be to commute to Philly every day to the american bandstand taping , and keep a eye on Dick Clark . int . office - day the actual Dick Clark be be interview . dick clark Chuck barris ? he spook I . I try to keep on he good side becuase he be sort of ... spooky . interviewer ( o.c. ) how so ? dick clark I dunno , there be something in he eye . something dark , like unbridle ambition , maybe . or a inarticulate rage . ext . palisade park - night barris walk through the crowd . a dark look in he eye as he follow some giggle teenage girl in poodle skirt . ( continued ) 18 . continued : barris ( v.o. ) on weekend I use to hang around amusement park . because that 's where the young girl be . int . barris' tenement apartment - night Young barris lie in bed masturbate . barris ( v.o. ) I write a song about my experience . the song " palisade Park " begin . freddie cannon last night I take a walk after dark / to see a place call palisade Park / to have some fun and see what I could see / that 's where the girl be dissolve to : int . tv studio a sign above the stage read the Dick Clark Saturday night beechnut show . freddie cannon be on stage sing " palisade Park " as a crowd of 1962 teenager dance on the studio floor . barris ( v.o. ) I get it to freddie " boom boom " cannon through my friendship with Dick Clark . Dick really want to help I out . freddie cannon I take a ride on the shoop de shoop / that girl I sit beside be awful cute / and when we stop she be hold hand with I / my heart be fly / up like a rocket ship / down like a roller coaster / fast like a loop de loop / round like a merry go 'round ... Young barris watch happily from behind the camera . he spot , Debbie , a pretty , bland young woman with headphone and a clipboard . he sidle over to she . barris hi. debbie what ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : barris hi! debbie oh. barris I write this song . debbie oh. uh-huh . barris it 's number three on the pop chart . barris pull out music magazine clipping as proof . debbie huh . int . fancy restaurant - night barris and Debbie be have dinner . barris see , I believe there 's a great future in television . debbie uh-huh . barris so I be go to take my royalty and create a pilot . a pilot be what they call a test tv show . debbie I work in tv . barris yeah . it 's gonna be a game show . I believe there 's a great future in game show . debbie that 's good . barris everyone love game show , right ? debbie I do not know . ( continued ) 20 . continued : barris well , they do . debbie that 's great then . barris I be on my way ! there be a long , awkward silence . they both see away at they steak . int . debbie' bedroom - night barris and Debbie be have sex , sort of mechanical . they be plow through , kind of like saw through they steak . when it 's over , they both just lie there . int . debbie' live room - night Young barris , in he underwear , sit alone in the semi - darkness and stare out the window . the front door unlock and a woman enter , backlit from the hallway . she turn on the light . this be penny pacino , eighteen , a beatnik in a black leotard and skirt and black mascara . she have red hair . she see barris on the couch . penny hello . barris hi . do not be alarmed I be with Debbie . penny yeah , I figure . penny walk past he , drop she key and bag on the counter , and enter the kitchenette . barris watch she ass . penny ( cont 'd ) you hungry ? barris um , no thanks . penny thirsty ? barris if you have a beer . penny return with two beer , hand one to barris . she sit in a chair across from he . they both drink . ( continued ) 21 . continued : penny so how be sex with Debbie ? I have always wonder . barris ( a little take aback ) it be good . Fine . thanks for ask . penny no problem . I just get fuck by this drummer cat . a really righteous negro hipster . barris huh. interesting . penny see , I believe in the brotherhood of man . last week I get fuck by a Oriental . ( beat , study he ) what be you ? barris Jew . penny that 's what I think . I have a Jew , but he be sephardic . you look ashkenazi ( pronounce ashkuh - natzee ) , I be guess . barris ashkenazi . penny right. ashkenazi ... I have not ball one of they . barris you be a romantic . penny eh , I just do not get into all the bullshit between cat and chick . barris I know what you mean . penny ( not hearing he ) you know what I mean ? barris I know what you mean . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) penny besides , you fall in love with a cat , you only get hurt . right ? barris do not I know it . penny ( beat ) we could ball if you want . I seem to like you pretty well . barris well , that would be good . but , you know , I be kind of here with Debbie . it do not seem right . penny yeah . that 's true . I do not think of that . ( get up ) well , I be go to bed . Nice meeting you . penny shake he hand and head off . barris what 's you name ? penny penny . barris I be Chuck . penny oh , you be the one who write that palisade song . I love that song . it 's such sentimental bullshit . penny exit into she bedroom . barris drink he beer . int . barris' tenement apartment - day barris and penny be have sex on the kitchen floor . it 's quite passionate . int . tenement apartment - later penny be take a bath in the tub in the kitchen while barris broodingly cook dinner at the stove . ( continued ) 23 . continued : penny ( animatedly ) ... so this ape and I be look at each other . it be , like , across time and evolution . then he begin to talk , but it be a language I do not understand , maybe swiss . then he turn into perry como , real square and ... what 's wrong with you ? barris nothing . penny just because we fuck , do not mean there be string now . it 's okay . barris okay . penny okay ? I only want to tell you my dream be all . nothing more complicated than that . do not panic . barris I be just use to all this dating bullshit , y'know . now we be a couple . now I be oblige to give a shit what you say . penny do not worry about it , I be not into that game either . so , anyway , this monkey turn into perry como and I say -- barris Holy fuck ! penny what ? barris Holy holy fuck ! ( run over , kiss she ) you just give I a idea . ( start pace for a show ! fuck ! penny a show about monkey ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) barris in a way . about the craziest monkey of all : monkius humanius ! do not you see ? about people ! about sex . about romance . about the bullshit of dating ! int . leonard goldberge office - day Leonard Goldberg , ABC executive , sit behind he desk as barris , hold a cardboard model of a game show set , excitedly pace the room give a pitch . barris I call it the date game , Mr. Goldberg . and that 's what it 's about . a pretty girl ask three handsome guy , who she can not see , silly question . and base on they answer , she pick one to date . and we pay for the date . that 's it ! that 's the show ! it 's get everything ! ext . ABC build - day penny lean on a signpost smoking a cigarette . barris emerge from the building with he cardboard set . he look grave . he approach penny . penny no ? barris ( lighting up ) they buy it ! penny scream , hug barris . barris ( cont 'd ) they buy it they buy it they buy it ... the two dance around on the street . barris ( cont 'd ) they be give I seventy - five hundred fuck dollar to make a pilot ! penny oh my God ! oh my God ! we gotta go celebrate ! let 's go roller skate ! penny kiss barris . ( continued ) 25 . continued : barris I can not , Pen . I get a date . penny okay . that 's cool . call I after . barris yeha , okay . I will . barris walk off . we stay on penny smoking she cigarette . music in : dating game theme the dating game pilot be made , quick shot of : barris tensely directing activity on the set . giggly bachelorette asking question . gawky bachelor mugging . toothy host guffawing . actual barris ( v.o. ) I figure I be in . all I have to do be get the pilot make and I would be a millionaire . everyone would love I . music out suddenly . ext . terrace - day actual barris ( stare off ) be anyone ever so young ? int . childhood bedroom - day barris , 32 , lie on he bed on he back and toss the football in the air . a very very very old dog lie on the floor . Phoebe , barris 's 26 year old sister enter . phoebe Chuck ... barris Albert 's dead . phoebe well , he lead a amazingly long life . barris still , it 's hard to go on . ( continued ) 26 . continued : phoebe y'know , you have be stare out this window for six month now . barris I be try to come up with new tv show , if you must know . okay ? that 's what I be do . I believe there 's a real future in tv . ( hold up notebook , shake it ) look. idea . okay ? phoebe you be thirty - two year old , and you have no career and no prospect . barris thanks for the status report , Phoebe . look , I just gotta come up with the right concept . then , boom . ( hold up notebook again ) which , by the way , I have almost get . phoebe you be break mom 's heart . you know that , do not you ? barris look out the window at he emaciate mother sit in the yard in a old wicker - back wheelchair and stare off into space . barris somehow , and do not ask I why , Phoebe , my be bear break mom 's heart . barris watch he mother for a long moment . barris ( cont 'd ) hey Phoebe , you ever see what 's - she - name , tuvia , anymore ? phoebe who ? barris tuvia . you friend . tuvia . the girl . phoebe oh . no. I hear something . I think she get divorced recently or something . barris oh , yeah ? 27 . ext . front porch - day barris knock on the door . there be some movement inside and a woman answer the door . this be older tuvia , 20' , attractive but a little hard - edge now . she balance a baby on she hip older tuvia yes ? ( register ) well , if it be not strawberry -dick barris . barris hi , tuvia . barris take by the change in tuvia . the baby and the full , milk - produce breast get he excited . older tuvia what do you want ? barris I come by to apologize . older tuvia okay then . she close the door . he knock again . she open the door . older tuvia ( cont 'd ) well , if it be not strawberry -dick barris . now what do you want ? barris so I be back in town . for a while . I think maybe you and I could -- older tuvia Jesus , you have get to be kid . tuvia close the door . barris stand there for a moment , consider knock again , then turn and leave . ext . WASHINGTON square park - night we move along a park bench , past several homeless people , one hold a old doll , other hold other sad item . we come to barris . he 's wrap in a horse blanket and hold the miniature cardboard date game set . a open notebook sit on he lap . the page be blank , except for one entry : the something else game . barris hold a pen poise to write , but do not . 28 . int . bar - day barris be drunk and in a fight . he be lose , flail , swinging wildly . Jim byrd , a middle - age , business man - look guy , in tinted glass and sideburn , watch from the bar . eventually barris and the other brawler get throw out of the bar . byrd take a sip of he drink . ext . bar - day barris sit on the curb , nursing he wound . byrd exit the bar and casually approach . byrd you be a pretty angry young fella , be not you ? can not fight worth a damn though . barris screw off , fag . do not think I have not see you watch I in that bar for a week now . byrd kind of a loner , I would say . fairly bright . a tad anti-social . mad at the world . can I buy you lunch ? barris look , there 's a schoolyard half a block down . why do not you go trolling there ? barris get up and start to walk away . byrd I could teach you at least thirty different way to kill a man with a single blow , Mr. barris . barris stop . byrd ( cont 'd ) might help you in future bar fight . just a think . barris just stand there . byrd ( cont 'd ) oh , and there 's money in it . good money . barris turn . 29 . int . diner - day barris and Jim byrd sit in a booth . barris be wolfing a hamburger . byrd sip coffee . barris ( mouth full ) ... and I figure if I can keep afloat until I come up with my next game show idea , then all will be copacetic . byrd that sound great , Chuck . y'know , I have never know a television producer before . I be impressed . barris yeah , yeah . so what 's this money deal you be talk about ? byrd well , I work for a government agency , and I can always use good , enthusiastic man to help I carry out my directive . barris what kind of work ? what government agency ? byrd ( matter - of - fact ) Problem solving work . for the Office of diplomatic Security . barris Office of what ? never hear of it . be that the fuck CIA or something ? byrd please be discreet , Mr. barris . barris ( whisper ) Jesus , it be the fuck CIA ! Hell , I will be a spy ! where do I sign up ? be you fuck with I ? you be fuck with I , be not you ? byrd hardly . and you would not be with the company . you would be a contract agent . independent . no official tie to any agency . be that understand ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : barris ( beat ) why I ? byrd as you know , I have be watch you . for year , actually . I have only let you know about it for the last week . Chuck stop chew . barris Jesus . byrd I be happy to report you fit we profile , Mr. barris . be you interested in this work ? Long pause . barris well , what 's the profile ? byrd be you interested in this work , Mr. barris ? barris yeah , sure , I wanna be a secret agent . Contract agent . whatever . get to fuck beautiful Eastern european woman . wear a trenchcoat . sound like a kick . byrd the work we do be very serious . it 's essential in quelling the rise of communism and allow democracy to gain its rightful foothold around the globe . barris sure . yeah . okay . that 's good . ext . abandoned army base - day the place be ramshackle and overgrown . it look desert . a barb - wire fence surround it . int . base rec room - day a severe- look instructor be teach a class to a assemble group of scary - look man : loser , psychos , mercenary , Latin american thug , and Chuck barris . ( continued ) 31 . continued : instructor # 1 there be several efficient method of kill a man , be you to find yourself without a weapon . the edge of you hand against the adversary 's Adam 's apple . ( demonstrate on mannequin ) this will crush the windpipe cause strangulation and death . the student take note . instructor # 1 ( cont 'd ) box you adversary 's ear with proper force will cause he ear drum to burst and possibly result in bleed in the brain . and death . ext . barracks - night it 's dark . byrd sit on a step , smoking a cigarette . barris approach . barris you be training I to be a killer . byrd see , Chuck , I know you be fairly bright . barris I can not kill people . my future be in television . byrd listen , you be thirty - two year old and you have achieve nothing . Jesus Christ be dead and alive again by thirty - three . better get crack . barris I have idea for show . byrd oh , good . why do not you spend another six month develop them while stare out the window at mommy 's house next to poor dead Albert the dog . barris how do you know all that ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : byrd I know everything about you , Chuck . for fuck 's sake , I know which hand you jerk off with . barris lift he hand , try to remember . byrd ( cont 'd ) right . leave in the morning , if you want . but I be here to tell you this be honest work for good pay . you would be help to make the world safer . and you country would be grateful . byrd rise , stub out he cigarette in he hand . byrd ( cont 'd ) it will toughen you up . barris sit there stare into the blackness . int . classroom - day another big , frightening instructor stand before the class . behind he be a full - size diagram of a man which illustrate all major artery and organ . he be demonstrate the proper way to grip a knife , then use the knife , he point to various site on the body . angle on Chuck barris . he have copy the diagram of the man in he notebook and be write " carotoid artery carry blood to brain . death in second . " he then write : " game show idea : slice of life. interesting !! " ext . field - day several canvas dummy be propped up in the field . barris and other student slash at the dummy with big knife . int . workshop - day barris and other student be assemble rifle . ext . muddy field - night barris and other student crawl on they belly through mud . int . laboratory - day the severe instructor , in a lab coat , be mixing chemical . ( continued ) 33 . continued : instructor # 1 glycerin be , of course , the best - know nitrate agent . now keep in mind , nitroglycerin be extremely unstable . a slight tap , a one degree change in temperature and it will blow up in you hand . yee -haa , let 's mix we up a batch ! instructor # 1 hold up a beaker . instructor # 1 ( cont 'd ) everybody take you 75 mle beaker and fill it to the 13 mle level with fume red nitric acid , 98 % concentration . the student nervously pour nitric acid into beaker . int . bunker - day the severe instructor be demonstrate how to use a army field telephone to torture a man . a canvas dummy be tie to a chair as the instructor attaches wire from the telephone to the dummy 's genitals and to he mouth . the student watch closely , take note . ext . barracks - day the student with suitcase and in travel clothes be hugging and say good - bye . the end of summer camp . a tearful barris head toward one of the wait bus . byrd pull he aside , discuss something with he . int . plane - day byrd and barris , now dress in a suit similar to byrd 's , sit in first class . byrd stir he scotch and water with he finger as he stare at nothing out the window . ext . airstrip , mexico CITY - day subtitle : mexico CITY , 1965 a commercial airliner come in for a landing . int . cafe - day barris , byrd , and two sleazy , sweaty man , benitez and brazioni , sit in a booth in the back of the dark cafe . benitez open up he brief case and pull out a pile of grainy photo of a man leave a residence and a street map . he lay they on the table . ( continued ) 34 . continued : byrd salvador panagra renda , gentleman . benitez Si . in the flesh . byrd what have you get for I , manny ? benitez ( be : map ) renda leave he apartment every day at 8:30 , alone , walk east two block to this news kiosk , busy a paper and head south four block to the plaza of the Museum Nacional to read it . byrd okay . Chuck , you be here at 8:25 . dress like a tourist . start walk north . you should pass renda here . stop he and ask he in bad Spanish where the museum be . make sure he do not understand what you be ask . barris okay . byrd ( to brazioni and benitez ) you will be park here . brazioni , you be behind the wheel . benitez , you be on the street lean into the car chat with benitez . when Chuck stop renda , you turn to help with the direction , stick a gun into renda 's rib , and direct he into the back seat . Chuck , you get in first . renda 's between you and benitez . brazioni , whaddaya get ? brazioni open a case to reveal three walther p - 38 pistol . byrd ( cont 'd ) Nice . you get suppreser with that , I be assume . brazioni I be not a imbecile . byrd ( smile ) glad to hear it . be not sure . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) barris ( to byrd ) where be you go to be , Jim ? byrd poolside , Chuck . int . HOTEL bar - night brazioni and benitez be at a table , drunk , sweaty and loud , flirt with some woman . byrd sit at the bar , sip a scotch . barris enter , spot byrd , sit down next to he . byrd ( not look up ) hola , chuckito . que pasa ? young barris so what would this guy renda do anyway ? byrd it 's you job to follow directive , not question they validity . barris it 's just ... byrd he 's a bad guy , Chuck . he 's one of the bad guy . okay ? barris bad for the U.S. , right , Jim ? not bad in a absolute sense , just bad for the U.S . byrd do not fuckin ' dance with I , barris . renda 's bad for the tea and biscuit co . he 's bad for I personally . you work for I , and renda 's bad for I . you be now officially a patriotic citizen of the United States of Jim byrd . young barris look , this be -- byrd grab barris and pull he over to a dark corner of the room . no one look up . he push barris against the wall . byrd there 's no back out now , Chuck . we have let you in on everything . so you do not play , you do not leave Mexico . comprende ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : young barris I be just -- byrd ( soften ) I like you . I really do . and you be gonna do fine tomorrow . and we be gonna become great friend . and you be gonna have a very nice little career . but you have get to grow up . there 's a war on . young barris what war ? byrd ( walk away ) that 's not you concern . int . mexican HOTEL room - night it 's hot . there be two twin bed in the room . byrd sleep soundly in one . barris lie in the other , eye wide open . ext . mexico CITY STREET - day renda be buy a newspaper at the kiosk . he complete the transaction and take a few step with he paper . barris block he way , hold a phrase book and shaking . barris excusa I , por favor , senor . renda stop . barris ( cont 'd ) donde es-bla ra-ba-blala los bloteros ? renda no comprende . renda try to get away from this pesky tourist . barris follow he , call after he . barris ra-bla-bla -mamo las minjare ? renda pick up he pace , as do barris . benitez approach . benitez May I be of some assistance here ? renda appear relieved , until he feel the gun in he back . 37 . int . car - day renda 's in the back between barris and benitez . brazioni drive . renda seem pale and nervous , as do barris in he gaudy tourist wear and sunglass . the car drive slowly through the crowded Mexico City street . they arrive at a jamme intersection and be suddenly confront with a big parade . it 's Day of the Dead ; the street be fill with dance skeleton . it 's wild and frightening . brazioni glance at renda in the reaview mirror . brazioni Day of the dead . ext . field - day the car stop in a desert field . barris get out first . his shirt be soak through with sweat . suddenly there 's a commotion inside the car . renda have get hold of a gun . he shoot brazioni and benitez . barris panic and dive behind the car . renda step cautiously outside of the car , look for barris . barris grab renda 's foot . renda fall , the gun fly from he hand . barris kick the gun under the car , he own gun draw . he point the gun at renda , who be on he stomach . barris do not shoot . he 's scared , shaking wildly . renda look up at barris , try to figure he out . he slowly rise to he foot , turn to barris with a plead look in he eye . renda por favor . no I mate , senor . tengo tre bebe . barris suck in a deep gulp of air . his hand shake . he pull out spansh -english dictionary . barris again . renda que ? barris repitolo . again . renda no I mate . tengo tre bebe . barris flip through the dictionary . a church bell chime , startling barris . his gun go off accidentally and the bullet hit renda in the face , tear most of it away . renda fall , but be still alive . he scream out of where he mouth be . a wedding party emerge from the distant church . ( continued ) 38 . continued : barris oh Christ . oh crap . barris try to stop renda from scream by cover the hole in renda 's face . barris throw up , some of it landing on renda 's pants . he wipe he own mouth with he bloody hand and look at the still scream renda . the churchgoer be start to squint in barris 's direction . barris shoot renda again . and again and again and again and again . more blood spatter barris 's clothing and face . the church bell continue to chime . int . airplane - day barris and byrd sit side - by-side in first class . this time barris have the window seat and stare out . byrd beautiful country , be not it ? young barris yeah . byrd you do we proud , Chuck . barris do not say anything . byrd ( cont 'd ) renda be a bad guy . he really be . barris yeah . int . apartment - evening barris enter carry a overnight bag and some mail . he flip on the hall light and stare at himself in a mirror . barris ( v.o. ) I have change . I could see it in my eye . something dark . barris notice a fleck on the side of he nose . it 's dry blood . he distractedly rub at it . ext . field - day renda 's contort face in close - up as he be shot . blood spurting . echoey church bell chime . renda no I mate . yo tengo tre bebe . 39 . int . apartment - evening barris put down he bag , pull the Spanish - English dictionary from he pocket , and try to translate what renda say . it take he a while but he do . barris " do not kill I . I be three baby . " I be three baby ? what the fuck do that mean ? ( study dictionary ) oh . " I have three baby . " oh , god. barris drop to the floor and throw up into a trash can . out of the corner of he eye , he catch a movement in the live room . he lurch backwards , knock over the can . vomit spill onto the carpet . penny ( o.c. ) ( groggily ) Chuck , be that you throw up ? in the dim light from the hallway , barris spot penny lie on the couch . she be dress as a hippy . a backpack and a duffel lie on the floor next to she . barris Jesus Christ , penny . you scared the shit out of I . what be you do here ? penny sorry . I just be crash here for a few day . wait for you . where you be , man , where you be ? barris Mexico . just on a little vaca ... penny you drank the water , do not you ? barris yeah . penny you be not suppose to . montessori 's revenge . you be not even allow to open you mouth or you eye when you take a shower . it 's crazy . how come we water be so good and they water be poison ? it 's the same ocean . ( continued ) 40 . continued : barris I do not know . penny it 's weird , huh ? ( beat , then proudly ) so I be a hippy now . look . penny stand in the dimness to show off she outfit . penny ( cont 'd ) I have be in San Francisco , and it 's amazing . everybody love everybody and there 's lot of color . we be gonna change the world , Chuck . come back with I and be my old man , okay ? not that old ! ha ha ha . barris penny , I be a little tired now , so ... penny oh ! you gotta hear this song ! penny shriek excitedly as she run to the record player . she turn it on , plug in a strobe light . " Sunshine superman " start up . penny sing and dance along , direct the lyric at barris . barris look around at he strobing apartment . he see penny 's mess : pot paraphenalia , anti-war poster , a gold dove paint on the wall with a phone number underneath . penny ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) " Cause I make my mind up , you be go to be mine ... " barris penny , what do you do to my wall ? penny ( look ) oh , it 's a guy who call a couple a day ago . gold - Bird . be not it pretty ? barris Leonard Goldberg ?! you be kid ? ( dial phone anxiously ) hello , this be Chuck barris return for Leonard Goldberg . pause . barris pace . penny sing and dance in background . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) goldberg ( phone voice ) hi , Chuck ! barris Mr. Goldberg ! I be so sorry I do not get back to you right away . I be out of town . vacation in Mexico . goldberg good for you . listen , Chuck . we have end up with a damn hole in we daytime schedule . I have be review some option , and it occur to I there might be a place here for you and you baby . barris my baby , Mr. Goldberg ? goldberg the date game . ( joshingly ) that be you baby , be not it , Chuck ? barris yes sir , it be . goldberg be you still interested ? barris yes sir . very interested . sir. goldberg good man . we will need to start airing in about six week . be that do - able for you and you people ? barris my people ? six week ? sure . yes sir . goldberg great . keep I post . dial tone . barris sit there , phone in hand , then throw up again into the trash can . penny stop dance , watch . penny damn mexican and they water . 42 . int . dating game set - day a episode of the show be be tape . barris pace nervously behind the camera . blonde bachelorette bachelor number two , what would I like most about you ? beanpole bachelor I be very romantic and I would send you flower every day . the studio audience " awww . " blonde bachelorette aww . that 's sweet . bachelor number three , what would I like most about you ? frizzy -haired bachelor my big cock . the bachelorette make a mock -horrify expression as the studio audience erupt in laughter . barris bury he face in he hand . int . dating game set - day a brunette bachelorette ask a question . brunette bachelorette bachelor number one , what nationality be you ? handsome bachelor well , my father be welsh and my mother be hungarian , so I guess that make I well - hung . the audience go wild . barris pull at he hair . int . dating game set - day a black bachelorette ask a question . black bachelorette bachelor number three , I play the trombone . if I blow you , what would you sound like ? the audience scream with delight . 43 . int . board room - day Leonard Goldberg , a bunch of network executive , and barris sit around a conference table and watch a tv . on it be the date game . a black bachelor be respond to the trombone question . he simulate the receive of a blow job , moan and writhe in he seat as the studio audience howl . barris have he head in he hand . Goldberg signal a assistant , who switch off the television . the executive look quite grim . goldberg Chuck , quite frankly this episode be unairable . barris look , Len , the show 's spontaneous , it 's unscript . that 's it 's charm . I can not control what people say . executive be that as it may , Mr. barris , we can not have black man get blow job on national television ! goldberg the point be not that he 's black , hank . executive ( beat ) well , I know that . that 's not what I mean . barris look , Len , nobody be indifferent to this show . right ? and that 's good . show business must avoid indifference at all cost . executive even when taste be involved ? barris taste be just a word . executive you do not fuck with taste , my friend ! barris ( uncomprehend ) what do that even mean ? I do not even under -- ( continued ) 44 . continued : goldberg Chuck , we cannot air this stuff . that 's it . if you can not figure out how to retain you spontaneity without the contestant be lewd , we be go to have to pull the show . int . bar - night barris be drunk and brood . he pick a fight with a big man who have unintentionally knock into he at the bar . barris be brutal and effective , utilize the technique he learn from one of the scary instructor at training camp . this give he a idea . int . dating game set - day the contestant be onstage . barris appear , warm and charming . barris hi , folk . before we begin taping today , I would like to introduce you to Mr. Peter Jenks of the Federal Communications Commission . the severe training camp instructor join barris onstage . instructor # 1 ( increasingly psychotic ) thank you , Mr. barris . I do not know if any of you be aware of this , but it 's a federal offense to make licentious remark on a network television broadcoast . the penalty for this disgusting , un - american behavior be one year in prison or a ten thousand dollar fine or both . anyone make a sick , subversive remark tonight will be arrest immediately . I will then personally escort the offender to federal prison for book under edict number 364 of the broadcast Act of 1963 . and it 's a long drive to that prison . just you and I . no other witness -- barris ( jump in ) any question ? there be none . the contestant be paralyze with fear . Jenks be red-face , tremble . ( continued ) 45 . continued : barris ( cont 'd ) okay . have fun , everybody ! ' ext . terrace - day the actual barris be interview . actual barris sometimes as a young man I stretch the truth to get what I want . " through all the lie day of my youth / I sway my leave and flower in the sun ; / now I may whither into the truth . " yeat . you hear of he ? interviewer ( o.c. ) yeah . of course . actual barris sure you have . ( beat ) anyway , my little lie work . we aire and become a big hit . a phenomenon , really . int . barris' office , barris production - day subtitle : barris production , los angele , 1967 this be the sixty and the office be crazily appoint . Street sign , funny poster , faux Tiffany lamp , mobile , lava lamp , a inflatable sex doll , etc . barris , 36 , be behind he desk , foot up and on the phone . he wear a t- shirt and jeans and loafer . this be a new barris , confident and successful and hip and relaxed and slovenly . outside in the bullpen area we hear the hustle and bustle , laugh and scream of a busy but casual office . barris ( into phone ) terrific , Rod ! yeah , I will get back to you on Monday . great . thanks . bye . barris hang up the phone . his jovial facade disappear . he open up he ice bucket . it 's empty . barris ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) Ice ! Ice ! Ice ! Ice ! Ice ! Loretta , barris 's pretty young secretary , enter with a new bucket of ice . she be braless and shoeless . ( continued ) 46 . continued : loretta Jesus , barris , take a darvon . Loretta drop the bucket of ice on he desk . barris grab she arm , pull she toward he , kiss she on the back of the neck . barris hey , baby . Loretta act annoyed , but it 's playful . loretta asshole . barris I know . sit. talk to I . Loretta sigh and drop into a bean bag chair . barris put some ice in a glass and pour himself a scotch . loretta I be busy . we be in the middle of a bachelorette crisis out there . barris I just get a call from the network . drink ? loretta you get any weed ? barris I wish . loretta then I will have a drink . bad news ? barris pour a drink for Loretta . she get up , take it off the desk and fall back down into the bean bag . barris the tammy grime show be be pull from Saturday night . loretta ( mock concern ) oh my God ! ( drily ) so ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : ( 2 ) barris they want to put a prime- time version of the date game on in its place . loretta shit ! you be kid ! that 's fuck great ! barris but they say the day - time version 's not hot enough . they want I to make it more exciting for night - time . I get forty - eight hour . loretta what do you have so far ? barris nothing . bupkis . I mean , the show be what it be . I do not have a clue . this could be my big break , Loretta . loretta yeah , I know . do not blow it . Loretta smile at he , downs she drink , get up and pad out of the office . barris watch she ass . barris thank you for you help . loretta ( not look back ) hey , I bring the ice . she be out the door . barris pick up he guitar and noodle on it . int . dating game set - later barris pace on the darken set . he be try to think . a shadowy figure appear at the top of the bleacher and creep down the aisle . barris be deep in think and do not hear . the man appear behind barris and lock he arm around barris 's neck . barris be startle , choke and flail try to remove the arm . he can not . finally the man release barris and tweak he crotch . barris turn wildly around . it be Jim byrd . byrd Boy , do not I teach you anything ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : barris you son of a bitch ! barris swing at byrd . byrd easily block the punch . byrd you be so rusty , it 's embarrassing . barris you be a stupid fuck turd , you know that ? byrd can I buy you lunch ? int . martoni be - day Jim be down he bourbon and signal the waitress for another . barris , still piss , sip a martini . byrd ah , lighten up , hombre . barris my fuck neck hurt . okay ? byrd poor baby . look , I have be put in charge of a fairly large wet operation and I could use you help . barris have you notice , Jim , I have get a tv show on the air ? I do not need to kill people for hire anymore . byrd I know you do not need to . but you would like to . barris that 's insane . byrd shrug , unconvince . he sip he drink . byrd think of it as a hobby . a avocation . something you do to relax . you can be a assassination enthusiast , a murder bug . ( continued ) 49 . continued : barris I have get important thing to think about here . I do not have time to fuck around with you . byrd okay , I will help you out with you little show . tit for tat . that 's the kinda guy I be . I have see this date game of yours , Chuck . and I have a think . barris what , now you be a television producer ? byrd hey , I be CIA operative John q. Public when it come to tv and that should make my opinion of interest to you . barris let 's hear it then . byrd well , what do you have now ? the couple get send to some stupid second - rate Hollywood shitcan restaurant , right ? set you back fifty buck ? that 's not too exciting a prize to we vicarious - live boob out in tv -land . barris yeah , what 's you point ? byrd up the stake , chuckle . send them to some exotic locale . Europe , Southeast Asia , for example . barris the network 's not go to let I send two unmarried kid on vacation together . byrd ( shrug ) send them with a chaperone . some respectable old lady with a sewn close snatch . barris ( consider ) y'know , that 's not half bad . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) byrd I be tell ya . and ... and sometimes you can be the chaperone , chuckie . let 's say we have a job for you in Austria . you , a successful tv producer , above suspicion , chaperone the young couple , and while you be there , blam ! you take care of some company business . it 's the perfect cover . tv producer by day , CIA operative by night . barris I tell you , I do not have to kill people for money anymore . byrd Chuck , when I say you fit we profile , very little of that have to do with you need the money . some of it , but very little . you like it with renda , Chuck . I see it in you eye . you like it but you botch it . do not you want to get really good at something , Chuck ? barris stare at byrd . int . booth ( dating game show ) - day the director call the shot . barris stand in the back watch the show in progress . on the stage be a pretty blonde bachelorette in a short black dress and three bachelor . bachelor two and three be attractive and stylishly dress and groom . bachelor one be a fat , not - too- bright look guy in a yellow - ochre leisure suit . his slow , unfocus delivery contrast with the fast , sharp chatter in the booth . director ( rapidly ) ready one , take one . ready three , take three . ready one , take one . blonde bachelorette number one , can you please tell I what a girl be like who have not be on a date before and how you can tell she have not be on a date before ? director ready two , take two . this guy have never be on a date . everyone in the booth laugh . ( continued ) 51 . continued : fat bachelor well ... barris Jesus , she 's gotta pick this guy . this be just too good . fat bachelor ... I will ask she what she like to do and -- director ready one , take one . ready two , take two . fat bachelor and if she do not know what she like to do -- director ready three , take three . the only date he 's ever have be with he right hand . guy in booth laugh , except barris . fat bachelor ... then I will know she have not do it yet . ext . piccadilly circus - day subtitle : london , 1967 it 's all mod and colorful . Chuck barris shuffles along , take in the sight with the date game couple . the blonde bachelorette do indeed pick the fat guy . but it 's clear she think she make a mistake and pay he no attention whatsoever , walk about twenty foot in front of he and barris . barris seem bored . int . pub - day barris enter the pub alone . he 's dress in a blonde wig and moustache and glass . it 's crowded and he search the room for someone . he spot a pretty young woman by herself at a table . she wear white go - go boot . barris Excuse I , be this seat take ? woman by you . ( continued ) 52 . continued : barris sit across from the woman . barris London be wonderful this time of year , be not it . woman yes it be . barris ( beat ) oh. sorry . barris get up , glance around , spot another pretty young woman in white go - go boot , sit by herself . he approach she . barris ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , be this seat take ? patricia by you . barris sit . barris London be wonderful this time of year , be not it ? patricia especially the fog . it afford one solitude , even in a city full of people . barris I be Chuck . patricia yes , I gather . barris and you be ? patricia ( smile ) here you go , Chuck . she hand he a manila envelope , and stand to leave . barris at least give I a make - up name . something for I to cry out during that dark night of the soul . ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) patricia Cry out , " olivia ! " barris that 's twelfth night . patricia very good , Chuck . I be pleasantly surprised . you be not like the other murderer . she smile and leave . barris watch after she , then open the envelope and pull out a black and white photo of a man . ext . westminister abbey - day it 's raining . a bored barris , dress normally , wait with the fat bachelor under a umbrella near the entrance . the fat bachelor check he watch . fat bachelor I think he 's really pretty and I want to be she boyfriend . ext . church courtyard - night barris , in wig and moustache , stand in the middle of the empty , dark courtyard . englishman ( loud whisper ) here . barris approach . barris do you have it ? englishman do you have it ? barris sorry . yeah . barris reach into he jacket pocket and pull out a envelope . the englishman take it , open it , pull out a wad of cash and count . barris ( cont 'd ) do not worry , we be not gonna cheat you . englishman just the same . ( continued ) 54 . continued : the englishman finish count the money , pocket it , and hand barris a box of Polaroid film . barris thank you . oh , one more thing . barris pull out he automatic with attach silencer and jam it into the englishman 's mouth . the silencer break the man 's front tooth . the man make a muffle grunt . barris ( cont 'd ) sorry about you tooth . the englishman 's eye be wide with terror . barris pull the trigger three time . the back of the englishman 's head explode . blood and hair and brain be spatter against the church wall . the englishman slump to the ground . barris reach into the man 's jacket , pull out the envelope of money , pocket it , and make he way toward the churchyard gate . there stand the fat bachelor , watch , confuse . after the initial shock , barris smile warmly . barris ( cont 'd ) it 's ronnie , be not it ? the fat bachelor nod . barris ( cont 'd ) c'mere , ronnie . I want to show you something neat . it 's okay . the fat bachelor enter the courtyard . ext . terrace - day actual barris I feel bad about ronnie . but really I do that ugly , fat , stupid kid a favor . he be ugly and fat and stupid . more life would not have change that for he . no woman would ever have love he . that 's just the brutal truth , y'know ? int . london HOTEL room - night barris enter the room , shaky and scared . int . bathroom - continuous barris rip open the Polaroid box , pull out the foil paper that protect the film , rip that open and pull out a small white plastic vial . barris grease the vial with vaseline and stick it up he ass . ( continued ) 55 . continued : he look at himself in the mirror , naked and pathetic . there be a knock at the door . he stiffen , grab he gun and pad out of the bathroom . int . HOTEL room - continuous barris peek out the peephole . we see a fish - eye view of Patricia Watson . barris olivia ? patricia it 's Patricia , actually . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - later barris and Patricia sit sip champagne . both be drunk . patricia ... and so then I spend a year in operation Chaos , inside the anti-war movement as a agent provocateur , nudging it toward violence in order to discre it . that be fun . I get to wear granny glass . barris sound fun . so tell I , Patricia , why would you come up here tonight ? patricia I do not know . you be sort of cute in a homely way . and it 's always lonely when that civilian you be fuck call out the name off you fake passport . barris " all the information I have about myself be from forge document . " patricia nabokov . barris be thrilled and kiss she . it begin to turn hot and heavy . suddenly barris pull away . barris actually , I just gotta go into the bathroom and take care of something . ( continued ) 56 . continued : patricia no , baby . leave the microfilm in . ext . kennedy airport - day a plane land . int . kennedy airport terminal , custom - day barris wait sweatily in line with a small a carry - on suitcase . when the line move , he walk as if perhaps he have something up he ass . a custom agent walk past the line with a dog . the dog sniff barris 's ass in pass . ext . airport terminal - day barris step out of the terminal . a black limo pull up . the back door open and barris get in . int . limo - continuous seat in the back be Jim byrd and Simon Oliver , 50 . Oliver be pure ivy league with a pipe . when he speak it be with a affect british accent . byrd be pissy . byrd hey , buddy . this be Simon Oliver . barris hey . byrd everything go okay ? you do not look too good . oliver Mr. barris , do not ever again jeopardize one of my mission by kill a game show contestant . be that understand ? barris you be welcome , pal . oliver do I make myself clear ? barris fuck you ! they be my contestant . oliver amateur . ( continued ) 57 . continued : barris faggot . byrd Chuck -- oliver Lovely . tell I , Mr. barris , be you in possession of my microfilm ? barris yeah , I get it . oliver let 's have it then . barris it 's up my ass , Oliver . why do not you reach on up there and get it . Oliver tamp he pipe . byrd stare down at he thumb . barris ( cont 'd ) I just feel I deserve some appreciation for my effort . oliver what do you think Patricia Watson be ? barris look at byrd . byrd almost imperceptibly shake he head " no . " barris prick . int . barris production - day barris , now in t-shirt and jeans , shuffles through the busy bullpen area . employee wave , say " hi " , give barris the peace sign . he return the gesture , but halfheartedly . he seem depressed . Loretta sidle up beside he . loretta well , if be not the hitman . barris ( turn , wild - eye ) what ? office worker hitman ! hitman ! hitman ! hitman ! ( continued ) 58 . continued : loretta I say , well , if it be not the hitman . just hear through the grapevine that ABC be go to pick up the newlywed game . barris you be kid I . loretta not kid you . day-time and prime - time . barris oh , fuck , Loretta . that 's sensational ! barris kiss Loretta . office worker hitman ! hitman ! hitman ! barris join they chant " hitman " and dance around the office . ext . terrace - day actual barris the newlywed game be base on my theory that almost any american would sell out they spouse for a washer - drier or a lawnmower you can ride on . such be my respect for that most holy of union . I must have be on to something , because the show aire for thirteen year . ext . mustang convertible - day barris speed through the curvy street of the Hollywood Hills . penny pacino , dress as a hippy , sit in the front passenger seat . subtitle : hollywood hill , 1969 penny great wheel , man . barris yeah , I decide to start treat myself right . you spend so much time deny yourself thing . life 's too short . penny yeah , I really gork what you be say , man . ( continued ) 59 . continued : barris you really grok what I be say , man . not gork . penny oh. ( beat ) really ? the car screech to a halt in front of a fancy house with a " for sale , open House " sign out front . int . fancy house - a few minute later the house be empty . barris and penny be greet at the door by a real estate agent . penny ( look around ) outa sight ! buy this one . real estate agent hi. welcome , folk . if you would not mind signing - in on we sheet over th -- barris I will take it . real estate agent I be sorry ? barris I will take the house . penny yay ! penny happily kiss barris . real estate agent ( beat ) very good , sir . int . empty live room - night barris and penny be have sex on the floor . penny so , man , be you see anyone ? barris nobody serious . you ? ( continued ) 60 . continued : penny no . I think we should get marry . barris aw , Pen , do not start -- penny no , listen , it make sense . you and I feel exactly the same about marriage , right ? how much bullshit it be , right ? and the odd of we find someone else with the exact same view on it be small . so , it make sense . int . HOTEL room - night barris , 50 , type away . he be sweaty and naked except for a towel drape over he head . barris ( v.o. ) I like penny . I even love she in my way . but the idea of tie myself down for the rest of my life ... I remember my parent ' marriage . dissolve to : int . childhood kitchen - night barris , five , sit at the dinner table with he parent . his father , dress in a dental smock , stare down at he plate as he eat . his mother absently chew and stare vacantly into space . mother we need a new ice box . the father shrug . int . dating game set - day the set , which hold four couple , divide in the middle to reveal a new refrigerator . announcer a brand new amana refrigerator - freezer with automatic ice maker ! one of the couple be cheer and scream hysterically , happy and in love and kissing . the other couple look disappointed and angry at they spouse . we pull back to reveal we be watch this on a tv in : 61 . int . barris' office - morning the office be fill to capacity with with hippy - like employee watch the newlywed game . many sit on the floor , jamme up against each other . a few woman be nursing infant . someone pass a joint . barris sit behind he desk , with a " make Love not War " helmet on he head , he foot up , and a guitar in he lap . barris beautiful . do you see that ? how much they love each other just then ? that 's what it 's all about , kiddie . everyone agree . someone switch off the tv . barris ( cont 'd ) okay , guy , new business . we be win we slot every week . everyone cheer . barris ( cont 'd ) but that mean we need you bandit to get on the contestant mill . we supply of dumbfuck be lag behind we demand for dumbfuck . and I be gonna be introduce three new show in the come month : the parent game , the game game , and the dollar ninety - eight beauty pageant , so we be gonna really need you guy to carry you weight . nuff say . any other business ? employee # 1 yeah . Rick take four slice of pizza at lunch yesterday . everyone else only get two . barris oooh . be that true , Rick ? where be you ? rick here . no , it 's not true . barris any other witness to this alleged infraction ? employee # 2 I see it . he take four . I only get one . ( continued ) 62 . continued : barris Rick , you be dead meat , buddy . ( shoot Rick with finger ) I sentence you to ... dance for we in today 's post-meet version of " out of limit " feature the musical styling of the cbp stomper . everyone cheer . rick aw , Chuck . barris get up here , you rascule , you . Rick head up to barris 's desk . everyone laugh . a few employee have join barris at he desk with instrument . they break into a raucous banjo version of " out of limit . " Rick dance . everyone 's laugh and clap . montage as " out of limit " continue , now the actual version , we see montage of barris shoot , stabbing , and garrot various foreign - look people in strange , murky location intercut with barris have sex with Patricia Watson in different bedroom and motel room , barris dance with Patricia in various exotic locale , and barris on the set for he many game show , happily direct the bustling activity . int . ranch -style live room - day the actual Jim Lange , host of the date game . jim lange sometimes Chuck would just disappear for week . I remember once we have a conflict on the set over the right way to throw that kiss at the end of the show , y'know ... ( demonstrate kiss ) ... and Chuck be just not reachable to resolve it . interviewer ( o.c. ) what be the conflict ? jim lange look , it 's water under the bridge . I be not gonna talk about it . 63 . int . barris' live room - night the previously bare room be now fill with lovely and expensive furnishings . but barris and penny be again on the floor , now play scrabble by candlelight . penny lay down some tile : i-n-t-e-r-p-e-t barris the word 's interpret . penny interpet . barris interpret . penny well , do you have a extra " be " then I could borrow ? barris I be not go to give you a letter . you be lucky I do not make you forfeit a turn . penny oh. okay . penny retrieve she letter and study the board . barris empty the wine into penny 's glass . there be not much leave . barris I will run to the store and get some more . penny all right . barris do not cheat . penny you neither . ext . liquor store - night barris pull up in a jaguar xke convertible . a pretty , innocent - look young woman , monica , be emerge with a big laundry bag from the laundromat next to the liquor store . she glance , momentarily , at the jaguar and at barris . 64 . int . barris' live room - a bit later barris enter with a bottle of wine . penny be in the same position on the floor . penny intrepet 's a word , right ? barris Intrepid . penny shit fuck piss . ( concentrate ) okay okay okay ... barris Pen , we should call it a night . I be kinda tired . penny you be tired . barris I get a date . penny since when ? barris I just meet this girl . penny like , just now ? you mean just now ? barris yeah . kinda . penny well , that 's rude . barris sorry . penny yeah , well , see ya ... penny pick up she bag and exit in a huff . int . monica's live room - later it 's a young woman 's apartment , small and girly . the doorbell ring . ( continued ) 65 . continued : monica , clearly not out of she teens , enter the room and answer the door . barris stand there with the bottle of wine . barris hi! monica hi! barris wow , this be a beautiful place you get ! barris enter , look around . there 's another teenage girl in pajamas in the kitchenette , mixing tuna salad . roommate hi. barris hi. monica Chuck , this be mindy , one of my roommate . barris hi. monica have a seat . barris sit on the couch . monica sit next to he . mindy be in the background , futzing around in the kitchen area . monica ( cont 'd ) so ... have you accept the Lord Jesus Christ as you savior , Chuck ? barris ( beat ) yes , I have . dissolve to : int . monica's live room - a bit later barris , monica , and mindy sit on the couch watch a religious show on television . 66 . ext . terrace - day actual barris yeah , I remember that religious girl , sure . monica something . Fleming . oh God , she have the softest , fleeciest clam I ever experience . it take a little more work than usual , but I get in there , baby . ( smack lip , then stare off into space ) it be some clam . oh lordy . you get old , y'know , but the taste for soft clam , it just do not go away . this be the great tragedy of get old . int . barris production - day the room be abuzz with activity . lot of people on the phone talk . a potential newlywed game couple be interview . monica sit in the wait area , eavesdrop on the interview with the newlywed couple . woman get marry to Alan be the best thing I have ever do . it 's just so wonderful know that you have get someone by you side through everything for he rest of you life . the couple kiss . loretta ' kay , mon . he 's off . monica enter the office . int . barris' office - continuous monica enter . barris wear a deerstalker cap . barris my sweet little clamato . monica lean down and kiss barris . monica I be pregnant . barris 's eye twitches . ( continued ) 67 . continued : monica ( cont 'd ) ( cry ) I can not be pregnant , Chuck . barris be it mine ? monica look at he incredulously , fling a ashtray at he , miss . she sit at the desk , look glumly out the window . monica I can not believe you ask I that . barris I know . I be sorry . ( beat ) but you be sure , right ? monica I hate you so much right now . barris look , we will take care of it . monica how ? be you gonna marry I ? barris ( carefully ) well , no . not at this point . monica I be not murdering my baby ! ( weep ) I can not ... do that . please ... barris sigh . he touch monica 's hand . int . airplane - day barris and monica sit in first class . barris stare out the window . monica stare straight ahead . barris beautiful country , be not it ? ext . mexican alley - day barris lead a cry monica down the garbage-strewn alley . they find a doorway . barris open it . barris here we be . ( continued ) 68 . continued : monica ( collapse ) I can not I can not I can not I can not ... barris support she and lead she into the office . barris it 's okay . it will be okay . ext . sculpture garden , ucla - day barris and penny walk sadly through the garden . penny what a waste . barris tell I about it . I figure over the year I must have spend close to twenty grand on this abortion : airfare , hotel , doctor , gift . penny that 's not what I mean . barris and I do not even know how many of this fetus be mine . that 's what really kill I . a series of shot in various locale of middle - aged women with pain - etched face , addressing the camera . woman # 1 it be he . woman # 2 yeah . it be he . woman # 3 it be not he . I lie . woman # 4 yes , it be he baby . woman # 5 yeah . woman # 6 the godamn son of a bitch . he ask you to ask I this ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : woman # 7 I be screwing a lot of guy at the time . it coulda be he . woman # 8 uh-uh . I just need someone to pay for it . he be a wallet with leg . woman # 9 yeah , I be just a kid . it ruin my life . ext . terrace - day actual barris I do not really want to talk about this . we hold on a silent barris . ext . sculpture garden - day barris and penny walk in silence . penny so I be assume this mean monica be out of the picture . barris yeah , I get baptize for nothing . penny Chuck , I be think ... I have this plan now , now that you be free -- barris God , you look cute today . penny I always look cute . do not distract I . what be I go to say ? barris I do not know . penny you do know . ( enthusiastically charge ) Chuck , why do not we get marry ? we have know each other forever . we have fuck each other forever . you think I be cute , you just say . you always come to I when you be in trouble . and you be almost forty , Chuck . ( continued ) 70 . continued : barris turn violently toward penny . barris ( shouting ) I know how old I almost be ! that 's it . do not ever ask I to marry you again ! penny ( quietly ) I will not . int . barris' bedroom - night barris and penny be have sex . it be gentle and quiet . penny be cry , try to conceal it . barris notice . barris I be sorry I yell at you today , Pen . penny I be not cry because you yell at I . this be it , be not it ? this be we . barris study penny 's face in the dim light . ext . terrace - day the actual barris puff on he cigar . actual barris I almost ask penny to marry I right then . but I do not . int . seedy HOTEL room - night barris sit naked on the bed , swigging from a bottle of vodka , as a prostitute in a black dress and veil sing " happy birthday " to he . when she 's do , she lift the veil , look confuse . prostitute be that right ? int . barris' office - day barris sit stare out the window . his mood be somber . on the table beside he be many birthday card . the anarchic and youthful decor of the office seem to mock barris now . Loretta enter . loretta Chuck ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : no response . loretta ( cont 'd ) Chuck ? barris ( not turn ) uh. loretta Rod flexner 's here . barris shit piss fuck , send he in . flexner enter . he 's a suit . flexner Chuck ! great to see you . barris what 's up , Rod ? flexner well , the thing be , Chuck , some of you show be not do too well in the old rating war . the family game , for one . barris okay . we move into barris 's eye . int . family game set the show be in progress . suddenly shot be fire from offstage . the host and contestant be slaughter . it 's bloody and violent . int . barris' office - day we're on barris 's eye . flexner and how 's you mother -in- Law be , quite frankly , in the toilet , Chuck . int . how's you mother-in - law set a mother - in- law be be garott with piano wire . her neck be slice . blood spurt . 72 . int . barris' office - day flexner now , as you know , dream girl be flail terribly . int . dream girl set dream Girls lie bloody and flail all over the set . int . barris' office - day flexner and the game game have no life in it at all . int . game game set the contestant on the set be all bloody and dead . a applause light flash on and off , but the audience member be also dead . int . barris' office - day flexner so I have be put in the unfortunate position of have to inform you that the network be cancel all four of this show . now do not shoot I , Chuck , I be just the messenger . int . bar - night barris drink alone . he 's sullen and sauce . barris ( to bartender ) they kill my baby . just like that . I push they into the world through the birth canal of my imagination . lovingly . tenderly . where 's the humanity of this people ? bartender the fuck bastard . barris what be I gonna do now ? ( see pretty woman ) hey there , can I buy you a drink ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : large man what be you blind , asshole ? this lady 's with I . barris ( scream ) fuck you ! the large man stand to face barris . he be very large . barris stand . the man swing at barris . barris easily deflect the punch , grab the man 's forearm and break it with a sicken crack . the man scream . barris get he in a chokehold from behind . the man whimper and gag . barris ( cont 'd ) let 's see , if I remember correctly , the next move break you neck , which kill you instantly or paralyze you . depend on you luck . large man please . barris ( let go ) get out of here , you pussy faggot piece of shit dog-shit shithead . the large man hurry from the bar . everyone in the bar , include the large man 's date , watch barris . barris ( cont 'd ) ( to the woman ) hi. I be Chuck barris , tv producer . have you ever do any act ? int . barris' live room - night barris and the woman from the bar be have sex on the couch . penny enter . penny hey , I be just in the -- penny see barris and the woman . penny ( cont 'd ) what be she do here , man ? barris she 's -- ( continued ) 74 . continued : penny this be we house , man . we house ! it 's one thing to go elsewhere for you pussy need . but this be we house ! barris this be not we house , it 's my house . penny it 's we house ! I find it with you . I decorate it for you ! I spend six month sit on that fuck couch she 's fuck you on , fuck wait for the fuck plumber to come ! God , you be such a asshole ! penny throw the house key at barris . it hit he in the forehead . then she turn and storm from the house . barris look over at the woman . she look confuse . woman I should go . this do not feel right . the woman stand , grab she purse , pull out a 8x10 glossy of herself and hand it to barris , then exit . barris stare at the photo for a moment , then open a drawer and put on top of a pile of similar photo . ext . penny' apartment build - night barris pull up , get out of he car , and head toward the building . int . apartment hallway - night barris walk down the hall , carry a bouquet of flower . he arrive at penny 's door . there be a envelope attach to it with barris 's name on it . he open the envelope and read the letter . dear Chuck , I be dead now . I hope you be happy . the door 's open . Love always , penny barris hurriedly open the door , enter the apartment look around , find penny face down on the floor , surround by empty champagne bottle and vial of pill . he stare at she body for a moment , feel faint . he drop to he knee . ( continued ) 75 . continued : penny ( face down ) wanna see a stupid girl vomit ? int . diner - night barris and penny sit in a booth . penny have black coffee in front of she . she be pale and draw . penny why be you with that girl in we live room ? barris it 's not we live room , Pen . penny that 's you defense ? you know what it feel like to see you with someone else ? in any live room . barris you know who I be , penny . I do not force you to hang around . penny ( incredulous ) you do not force I ? fuck . so you be say you have no interest in this , one way or the other ? barris no , I be not say that . penny well , then , what be you say , Chuck ? do you want I around or not ? do you even like I ? barris of course I like you . penny how much ? barris what ? penny I need to know how much you like I . ( continued ) 76 . continued : barris ( beat ) I do not even know what that mean , " how much ? " how can I rate a person in that way ? that 's ridiculous . penny you could if you feel it . if you feel it , it would be easy to rate I . you could spread you arm as wide as they would go and say , " this much , penny . " barris everything 's complicated , Pen . nothing 's black and white like that . penny do you want I around or not ? if you do not , just say so , so I know . okay ? barris and penny look at each other . she start to cry . barris I love you , Pen , in my way . maybe not in that crazy , head - over -heel thing , but what be that , anyway ? romantic love . be not that just a illusion ? penny ( beat ) but you just say you love I , right ? ext . mountain road - night a non-descript american car be park on the quiet wood street . barris pull up in he jaguar . he get out of the car , look in the window of the empty american car . byrd ( o.s. ) over here , strawberry - dick . barris look over and make out byrd sit on a rock with a view of L.A. spread out in front of he . barris join he . barris Jesus , how do you know this thing ? byrd we even know what she actually think it taste like . ( continued ) 77 . continued : barris really ? I could never find that out . what do she think ? byrd it 's a " need to know " , my friend . so tell I , what can I do you for ? barris I could really use a assignment , Jim . to straighten my head . byrd I get something for you head . int . dating game set a date game couple wait anxiously for host Jim Lange to announce they destination . jim lange ... and we be the send the two of you for three day and three night to beautiful ... West Berlin ! the couple scream excitedly by reflect , but as the destination sink in , they perplexity become apparent . ext . west berlin STREET - day barris and the date game couple walk along . it 's cold and gray and they all wear heavy coat . the couple wear camera around they neck . nobody look happy . int . Beer hall - night barris sit in the corner of this noisy , smoky place . he have a stein of beer and read a paper as a group of drunken Germans in the background sing a song . Patricia Watson approach and sit . barris look up and smile . barris treesh . patricia leibchen . ( kiss he , sit ) so , here 's what we get . name 's han Colbert . ( pull out photo ) other side of the wall . we do not like he very much . ( continued ) 78 . continued : barris ( sing toot-toot-tootsie ) bye-bye , Colbert , bye-bye . patricia you will work with a kraut name keeler . he 's be trail Colbert for a month now . know the routine . keeler 's a drunk , so you stay sober and take charge . barris ( collect photo ) done and do . see you after ? patricia prove how much you love I , baby . kill for I . then I be all yours . int . tunnel - day barris crawl through a long dirt tunnel . telephone cable run along the floor . a occasional bare bulb light the way . int . apartment bathroom - day a middle - age man stand in he underwear at a mirror and shave . the stall shower push away from the wall revealing a hole . barris step through it , cover in dust . he nod at the shave man . he nod back , hand barris a gun and a change of clothes , and continue shave . ext . apartment build - moment later barris exit the apartment building in the clean clothes . we see the East Berlin side of the wall in the background . a car pull up and barris get in . int . car , residential STREET - day barris sit in the park car with keeler , a heavyset , silent german man with nicotine stain finger and tooth . he be constantly smoking and write in a tiny notebook . there be a long silence . barris what you write , sig ? keeler I be keep track of all the going on on this street . barris look out the window . there be nothing go on , yet keeler keep write . more silence . ( continued ) 79 . continued : barris hey , keeler , a bird just fly by . keeler yah . I know how to do my job . dissolve to : int . parked car - night barris and keeler be still in the car . keeler continue to smoke and write . a well - rest , happy -look Colbert walk by with a group of people . dissolve to : int . parked car - afternoon barris look even more sickly . Colbert ride by happily on a tandem bike with a lovely woman on the back . keeler continue to smoke and write . dissolve to : int . parked car - evening barris and keeler wait in the car . Colbert emerge from he house , alone , and walk toward the car . a drain barris sigh a sigh of relief , then suddenly and with unexpected force , keeler swing open the passenger door . the door hit a stunne Colbert and send he fly . keeler race around the car , grab Colbert , throw he into the back seat , and jump on top of he . barris watch , surprised at the dramatic personality shift in keeler . keeler be strangling Colbert . a cigarettes be dangle casually from he lip as he do this . keeler turn Colbert over so he 's face he , so he can watch he die . keeler ( calmly to barris ) under the seat , please . barris reach under the seat , pull out a Polaroid camera . keeler ( cont 'd ) please , if you do not mind , a photograph . to remember . barris be stunne , scared . he take the photo . the flash illuminate the bulg - eye Colbert and the calm keeler . 80 . int . HOTEL room - morning barris type . a knock at the door . he look up , panicked . barris ( falsetto ) who be it ? housekeeper ( o.s. ) housekeep , Mr. barris . barris look around . the place be a disaster . food wrapper , crumpled papers , liquor bottle , strewn clothing , plastic army man set up for battle . he get up , put on a hotel bathrobe and he hat , grab he gun , check the peephole for a long moment , and answer the door . the housekeeper be plump and kind-look . barris good morning , Mrs. reynold . housekeeper ( look around ) another rough night , huh ? barris ( tapping he head ) the human psyche be a wondrous thing . housekeeper ( smile maternally ) yes , I know it be . ( take gun ) we do not need this now , do we ? why do not we just put this away ? she put the gun in a drawer , start to pick up . barris watch she , then : barris Mrs. reynold , may I rest my head on you bosom for a little while ? housekeeper oh , that do not really seem like a very good idea , Mr. barris . barris I be sorry . you be right . I just ... I be just without ... comfort of any sort , and I ... please forgive I . ( continued ) 81 . continued : housekeeper ( smile at he ) no harm do . barris smack himself in the head . barris ( bow ) thank you . thank you . thank you . you be a scholar and ... housekeeper it 's fine , sir . barris Mrs. reynold , what do you suppose God think of someone like I ? housekeeper God ? barris yes , God . housekeeper well , Mr. barris , you television show have bring laughter and joy to million of people . that 's a very important thing , I think , in this difficult time . I would imagine God like you very much . barris smile a rubber- band smile . barris thank you , that 's very kind . ( glance at she ample bosom ) so ... I should get back to ... housekeeper yes , of course , sir . do not mind I . barris resume type . the housekeeper clean . ext . east berlin STREET - early morning a hollow - eye barris approach the building that conceal the tunnel entrance . suddenly there 's a commotion on the quiet street . the shave man be be lead handcuff out of the building by two trench - coat man . they shove he into a car . barris continue to walk by , betray no interest . he glance casually into the entranceway of the apartment building . another trenchcoate man wait inside the shadow . ( continued ) 82 . continued : the car drive away . barris stop at the end of the block , stare at the impose wall . barris I be really , really fuck . another car pull up next to he . picard , a serious - look frenchman , stick he head out the window . picard get in . barris what ? who the hell be you ? picard no time . get in or die . barris hesitates , get in . the car screech off . int . picard be car - continuous picard drive fast . barris eye he suspiciously , finger he gun . picard spot a fiat in he rearview mirror . picard merde. kgb . they know who you be , monsieur barris . it be they intention to kill you very much in East Berlin . barris check in the passenger side mirror . barris merde ! merde ! picard not to worry , my friend . picard speed up dramatically , but continue to drive calmly . barris be agitate . picard ( cont 'd ) I be Paul picard , by the way . Nice to meet you . do not worry , I be not kgb . I do not want to kill you , I want you to live a long happy life and have many dance grandchild to admire . picard screech around a corner , then another one . he 's lose the fiat , for the moment . 83. ext . quiet east berlin STREET - early morning picard 's car stop at the curb . picard and barris emerge . picard open the trunk . he lift out a big fold - up clump of rubber with a a engine mount on it . barris what the hell be that ? picard you ride , monsieur barris . picard unfold the rubber mass . he pull a cord and it begin to inflate . it be a airplane , a one person inflatable plane . barris no fuck way . picard it 's quite reliable and easy to operate . it will get you over the wall . or you can stay here . in the german Democratic Republic . I will arrange for you to get a good factory job . no , you must fly , like daedalus before you , to the freedom of the west . barris Christ . what about you ? picard they do not catch I , monsieur . this be my talent , to get away always . in guerre . in amour . this be my talent , and perhaps this be my curse . ext . berlin wall - day the fully - inflate rubber plane fly down the street , dip and rise erratically . the noise be deafen . barris lie on he stomach and steer , look petrify . he approach the wall and manage to get the plane over it . the plane be shot by a soldier . Air hiss out . ext . central park - day barris sit on a park bench . Jim byrd approach , sit . byrd ( chuckle ) so , do you have a nice flight ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : barris fuck you , Jim . it be terrifying . byrd seem the kgb know exactly what you be up to . you be there to kill Colbert , they be there to kill you . I be think we get a mole . so much hate in the world , Chuck . barris be I in danger still ? byrd Jesus , yes . kgb do not go out of business since yesterday , so far as I know . you be fuck , Chuck . but we main concern should be : if they know who you be , they know who I be . barris fuck off . what do we do ? byrd bow out . Lay low . that 's what I be gonna do . you be lucky you have another career to immerse yourself in . int . rehearsal hall - day barris sit with a several network executive and some other staff member watch a fat man tap dance badly and , because of he weight , extremely loudly . it 's painful for everybody to watch . the fat man finish . barris thank you . thanks . that be great . the fat smile and exit . barris put he head in he hand . executive woman I do not know , Chuck . it 's look bleak . barris there 's gotta be somebody in America with some talent . Ted mack get booking every week . the executive look at each other . barris ( cont 'd ) bring in the next thing . ( continued ) 85 . continued : a assistant open the door and a middle - age woman in pale blue polyester pants and Joan Crawford paint on eyebrow enter with a guitar . she begin to sing a folk song , very sincerely , in a very off - key monotone . it 's unbearable and depress . barris glance over at the executive ; she 's check she watch again . the song be endless . barris 's eye grow cloudy . dissolve to : ext . field - day this be the same field where renda be shot . now , the folksing woman be in the field sing . barris pull out a gun and aim it at the woman . her eye widen in terror , but she keep sing . a church bell chime and barris shoot she . she fly back , spurting blood . her guitar hit the ground with a twang . int . rehearsal hall - day barris snap out of he fantasy with renew energy the folksinger be still dron on . barris ( ushere out ) thank you . thank you . we will be in touch . that be wonderful . barris close the door behind the folksinger and turn to the executive . barris ( cont 'd ) we have be go about this all wrong . Rather than kill ourselves try to find good act , we just book bad one and kill they . executive # 2 Chuck , it 's torture to sit through even one of this people -- barris we kill them before they be through . as soon as it get unbearable , we kill them . Dead . executive woman for God 's sake , what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : barris celebrity judge ring a bell to end the act ... to kill them . and when you kill something , it stop . this I know to be true . int . go show set - day barris and some suit watch from the booth as a octogenarian woman on stage sing " bear free " in a impossibly high voice . Jamie farr gong the woman . the woman be angry . a vacuous host with great hair appear next to the woman . he seem genuinely agitate . host why would you do that , Jamie ? this be someone 's grandmother . she be really try . jamie farr this be the gong show , not the Van cliburn elimination . host this be a human be with aspiration . barris ( mutter ) oh , fuck I . this guy suck . he 's bring everyone down . the executive eye each other . executive woman none of the host be get it , Chuck . but we have a think . barris what ? executive woman you host . all the executive smile at barris . executive woman ( cont 'd ) you get it . and we believe you awkward , non-professional , mumble persona be exactly right for the show . barris I do not want to be on tv . ( continued ) 87 . continued : executive woman listen , we can not sit through anymore of this test show . do it , Chuck , or we advise the network to pull it . int . barris production - night barris switch on the light , walk through the empty bullpen area to he office , unlock the door , enter . int . barris' office - continuous barris enter , stare out the window , look at himself in a full - length mirror . barris ( stiff ) lady and gentlemen , welcome to the gong show ! I be you host , Chuck barris ! ( turn away in disgust ) ucchhh . barris sit behind he desk , draw a line down a piece of paper and write " Pros " and " con " at the top of the page . he think . under " Pros " he write " become National celebrity " , " get more attention from stewardess " , " even more woman will want to have sex with I " . under " con " he write : " easier target for kgb . " he get up , pace . suddenly , a shot ring out . it come through the window and shatter the mirror . barris dive to the floor . more shot , crazy relentless shoot . barris crawl on he belly to the window , carefully reach up and lower the venetian blind just as another shot whizze through . the blind explode . the shoot stop he wait on the floor , shaking like a leaf . he pull the list off he desk and write under " pro " : " I need another hit before I die . " int . go show set - day center-stage be empty . the band begin to play . the studio audience cheer . announcer ( o.s. ) and now , here 's the host and star of we show , Chuck barris ! the curtain rise . barris appear in a tuxedo coat , denim work shirt , cowboy boot and a hat pull down over he eye . barris welcome to the gong show . here 's a esoteric act if there ever be one . ephemeral . it 's a ephemeral act . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 . continued : barris ( cont 'd ) one that should get we we Emmy . do we have a Emmy ? we do not ? well this should get we one . anyway , lady and gentleman ... Big nose ! Big nose leap onto stage . he be skinny , wear a flower shirt and a sarong , and play a toy flute while dance in lady platform shoe . suddenly he drop he flute , rip off he sarong , revealing polka-dotted boxer short and a yellow leotard . he rush to a steamer trunk , open it , and begin crazily pull out endless amount of old newspaper . barris watch from the wing , mesmerize . Big nose be gong . barris dance out onto stage to join he . big nose why ? why ? why ? barris I do not know . I do not understand . barris glance out into the audience . something glint . be it a gun . he start to sweat . jaye P. Morgan be say something about Big nose . but we can not understand it . the audience laugh . barris continue to scan the audience . someone in headphone signal barris from behind a camera . barris ( cont 'd ) ( to Big nose ) well , win a few , lose a few . ( to audience ) we will be back with more stuff ... right after this message . barris wait on he mark for the taping to again begin . he watch the commotion around he with eagle eye : technician and stagehand run around , the audience chant " chuckie baby " , the celebrity panel joke with each other , the guy in the booth smoking , the guy in the band laugh . barris turn around and around on he mark , try to catch every movement , look for a gun , a suspicious character . the chant continue , louder and more distort . the face in the audience turn grotesque . barris sweat profusely , he breathe become more and more shallow . suddenly he eye roll back in he head and he drop to the stage floor , unconscious . dissolve to : newspaper headline be shown to the camera : variety : go show em - barris -ment of riches hollywood reporter : king go ! ( continued ) 89 . continued : L.A. time : barris' talent show DAILY news : go ho ! int . hospital room - day we see barris in bed , hook up to machine the executive woman sit by he bed show he the headline . executive woman you can not quit . barris I can not quit ? but I get panicky , Louise , in front of all that people . executive woman you lack confidence , that 's all . barris I lack confidence ? executive woman but we will take care of that . we will get you some confidence powder . leave that to we . barris confidence powder ? executive woman nose candy , Chuck . blow . snow . flake . barris blow , snow , flake ? executive Coke . barris oh. Coke . okay . do that work ? int . go show set - day barris on stage introduce a act . he be very confident . barris lady and gentleman , oh , this act be amazing , you gonna love this act . I be tell ya . all the way from pacoima ... David pincus ! ( continued ) 90 . continued : the curtain rise . a young man with a square of plexiglass in he hand , press he lip against the plexiglass and blow . it make a farting noise and allow to the audience to see inside he mouth . int . wing - continuous barris snort some cocaine . we hear the act and audience " boo " and yell " gong he ! " in the background . int . coffee shop - day the actual jaye P. Morgan be be interview . actual jaye P. morgan Chuck be real different on stage and off . very tense . he be always look over he shoulder . even when we be fuck . sort of a enigma . int . go show set - day barris dance onstage with gene gene the Dancing Machine . int . suburban live room - day the actual gene gene be be interview . gene gene oh yeah , a real jekyll and hyde . sometimes nice as you please . give you the shirt off he back . other time he would rant like a crazy man . I remember once he scream at I that I do not know anything about dance . " nijinsky , " he yell , " now there be a dancer ! " int . go show set - day a black guy with weird tooth and a speech impediment attempt stand - up . he look petrify . black comedian today I have a bad day today ... the audience yell " how bad be it ? " this throw the performer . finally he continue . black comedian ( cont 'd ) it be so bad , my wife do not even know how to cook . ( more ) ( continued ) 91 . continued : black comedian ( cont 'd ) that barracuda take a egg , put it in a pot of water , and burn the water . we have to rush that to the hospital . the audience boo . black comedian ( cont 'd ) my mother - in-law ... the boo continue . the comedian can not take it . he look disorient . he turn away from the audience and put he head in he hand . Jamie farr gong he . ext . swimming pool - day the actual Jamie farr sit next to the pool . in the background we see a couple of kid with enormous nose splash around in the water . jamie farr Chuck use to love to discuss philosophy . I think he be very sadden that the public see he as this sort of spastic moron . I remember at the time I be read wittgenstein . and Chuck be just thrilled to have someone else in addition to rex reed to talk about that stuff with . int . barris' bedroom - late night barris lie in bed next to Patricia . it 's 12:30 am . he 's chat on the phone , lazily twirling the cord . Patricia read . barris look , Jamie , you know as well as I that language do not exist without a outward criterion . jamie farr ( telephone voice ) certainly . wittgenstein say as much in investigation . but if you read ryle carefully -- patricia ( look at clock ) Chuck ... barris can we pick up tomorrow ? ( continued ) 92 . continued : jamie farr yeah . but consider my think on elementary proposition . I be serious . barris will do . Love ya . jamie farr right back at ya , amigo . barris hang up . Patricia kiss he . she pull away . patricia I be concerned about you . I think you need to get back into the life . we sex be always amazing after you kill . Truth be you be not that great after you discussion with Jamie farr . the phone ring . patricia ( cont 'd ) oh , c'mon . barris ( pick up ) Jamie , I can not talk anymore tonight -- keeler ( o.s. ) ( telephone voice ) this be siegfry keeler . I need to see you . barris jerk up , surprised , alarmed . Patricia watch he . barris ( v.o. ) assassin do not fraternize . that keeler be call I could mean it be my turn to get hit . keeler ( o.s. ) ( phone voice ) I be in town on business , Chuck . and I desire nothing more than you company for dinner . I consider you one of my close friend . barris sure . dinner sound good . there 's a place call La scala . see you there at eight . barris hang up . ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 2 ) patricia ( eye close ) dinner sound good with whom ? barris keeler . Patricia glance over at barris . they stare at each other . ext . LA scala parking lot - evening barris pull into the parking lot . as he wait for the valet parking attendant to get to he , he adjust the gun strapped to he ankle . int . LA scala - evening barris enter the crowded restaurant , look around , spot keeler sit at a table in the rear . as he make he way back , barris shake hand and say hello to several early seventies tv celebrity scattered throughout the restaurant : Carrol O'Connor , joanne worley , flip Wilson , ron palillo . barris arrive at keeler 's table . keeler rise and embrace Chuck . he 's already drunk . they sit . keeler a very fancy place . barris only the best for my friend . keeler the friendship one develop during wartime be remarkably strong . barris yes . there be a awkward silence . keeler so how be the business of television ? barris , pleased to have something to talk about , ramble . barris well , it 's hit and miss . I have get a new show call " operation entertainment " which I believe be go to kill . it 's sort of a Bob hope visit the troops thing , but it 's weekly and ... keeler be stare right through barris . ( continued ) 94 . continued : keeler why do you do what you do , Chuck ? barris well , I like to think that I bring joy and laughter to million of people . I be not say that my show be as good as they could be . yet. but -- keeler why do you kill ? barris look around , clear he throat . barris oh. keeler during the second world war , I have the pleasure of kill . yes , pleasure . I find it exhilirate . afterwards , I could find nothing else to fill I so much with life . so I become what I be today . I want the exhiliration again ... of death . the waiter appear . waiter be you gentleman ready to order ? keeler I will have the shrimp scampi and a green salad . waiter and for you , sir . keeler um , just give I a steak . rare . waiter thank you . the waiter leave . keeler sip he drink , stare at barris . keeler " whatsoever thy hand findeth to do , do it with thy whole might . work while it be call , for the night cometh wherein no man can work . " ( continued ) 95 . continued : ( 2 ) barris that 's carlyle ! keeler yes . barris it 's amazing you should quote he . he 's my hero . keeler I read in a book recently that kill you first man be like make love to you first woman . every smell , every nuance , you remember with a special allure , as if the act have occure outside civilization , outside time . and when the allure be go , you be condemn . barris condemn ? keeler I be condemn to live the rest of my life outside civilization . you will be too , my good friend . barris look into keeler 's hollow eye . ext . terrace - day the actual barris puff on he cigar . actual barris the next day I hear keeler offed himself . ext . L.A. HOTEL - night keeler fall silently in slow motion from a very high window . actual barris ( v.o. ) you never really know in the world of espionage if something label a suicide actually be a suicide . but he be dead . that I know . int . martoni be - night barris eat dinner with penny . barris seem depressed . penny be reserve . ( continued ) 96 . continued : penny when you call , I be not gonna come . barris I be glad you do , Pen . penny I say to myself , enough . enough of this jerk already . enough . barris I could see how you would feel that way . penny but I have come upon something interesting through my delving into human psychology . it 's call of , transactual Analysis . barris transactional Analysis . penny now see , by correct I you be respond as " parent " to my " child . " ( authoritative voice ) " here 's the proper way to say this word , penny . " but that 's okay . as long as we both understand that 's what you be do . y'know , I be okay , you be okay . so what 's wrong , Chuck ? be you okay ? barris a guy I know kill himself last night . penny my God . everyone you know kill themselves . or try . who be it this time ? barris you do not know he . a stagehand . penny why would he do it ? barris he do not like he work anymore . penny be be a stagehand really bad or something ? ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) barris ( beat ) yeah , it 's pretty bad . Patricia storm up to the table . patricia you be suppose to meet I at the Palm two hour ago . barris oh fuck , I forget . penny who be this ? patricia I do not get stand up . do you understand ? barris um , penny , this be Patricia . ( to Patricia ) how do you find I ? patricia be you serious ? that 's what I do for a live . penny who 's Patricia ? what do she mean , that 's what she do for a live ? patricia you be dead in my book , strawberry - dick . penny strawberry dick ? what 's that ? patricia there be no second chance . get it ? ( to penny ) Nice meeting you , penny . I have hear a lot about you . ( to barris , walk away ) oh , by the by , byrd 's dead . Patricia exit . penny just look down at the table . penny and ... and okay ... I be only gonna give you one more chance , man . that 's it . get it ? 98 . int . barris' roll royce - night barris snort some coke , pull out of the studio parking lot . the sound of he heart beat pound in he ear . another car pull behind he . a wire barris notice the car in he rearview mirror . he turn . the other car turn also . barris speed up . so do the other car . barris panic ; he try to lose the other car . a chase ensue . finally barris screech to a halt , pull a gun from he glove compartment . the second car screech to a halt behind he . barris already out of he car and at the driver 's side window of the second car . he look in and see there be two petrify teenager , a boy and a girl , hold up they hand . barris pull open the door . barris ( scream ) who send you ?! who the fuck send you ?! teenage boy nobody , man . we just wait for you to leave after the show . we just think the show be cool . we just think you be cool . the girl be cry . teenage girl please do not kill we . barris point the gun at they for a long while , he hand shaking wildly . int . go show wing - day barris stand backstage wait for he cue . the unknown comic appear next to he , wear a paper bag with two eyehole cut out over he head . barris glance over at he . unknown comic hey , Chuck . barris do not say anything . he study the bag . barris pull a pistol from a ankle holster , and jam it against the bag . barris take it off . unknown comic huh ? barris the fuck bag . take it off . ( continued ) 99 . continued : the unknown comic take the bag off . he look terrify . barris stare he down . announcer ( o.s. ) lady and gentlemen , Chuck barris ! barris dance onto the stage . int . go show set - continuous barris be clap he hand together . he look happy and relaxed . the audience be cheer . barris here he be , the Prince of pun , the wizard of whoopee ... the unknown comic ! the unknown comic appear upstage with bag on head . unknown comic chuckie baby , chuckie baby , chuckie baby ... barris what ? what do you want ? unknown comic what 's the difference between toilet paper and a shower curtain ? barris I do not know . unknown comic ( call off ) here 's the guy ! the audience laugh . barris feign annoyance and push the unknown comic off the stage . barris get out of here . unknown comic ( for barris 's ear only ) you be fuck crazy , man . int . barris' office - day barris sit behind he desk , drink and pop pill . Loretta poke she head in . ( continued ) 100 . continued : loretta phone call from someone name tuvia . barris who ?! loretta tuvia ? barris I will take it ! do not hang up ! barris pick up the phone . barris ( cont 'd ) hello ? tuvia ( o.s. ) hello , be this Chuck barris ? barris yes . tuvia ( o.s. ) oh , this be tuvia feldman . I do not know if you remember I -- barris of course I do . tuvia ( o.s. ) I be in town and I have be follow you career and I wonder if you might want to get a drink . for old time sake . int . childhood bedroom - day tuvia play with the dog . White panty be reveal . barris ( v.o. ) sweet tuvia ... ext . front porch - day adult tuvia answer the door with she baby . barris ( v.o. ) ripe tuvia . int . bar - night barris wait in a booth , anxiously eyeing the door . a guy approach . ( continued ) 101 . continued : guy hey , Chuck , I get a talent . barris not now . guy just take a second . the guy get down on all four and start bark and panting like a dog . it be a repulsive and frightening sight , but barris become transfix by it and cannot take he eye off the guy . tuvia ( o.c. ) Chuck ? barris tear he eye away from the dog guy to look at tuvia . she be a older middle - age lady . younger than Chuck , but clearly of no interest to he . the disappointment on he face be palpable . tuvia ( cont 'd ) it 's tuvia ! remember ? hi! barris ( v.o. ) Old tuvia . barris ( cont 'd ) hi. tuvia you look great . dissolve to : int . bar - later barris sit in a booth across from tuvia . the relationship have shift once again . now middle - age tuvia be try to flirt . as they talk , she touch he arm repeatedly . she laugh at everything he say . she reapplies lipstick as they talk . there 's a quiet desperation in she eye . barris be pleasant but unengage . barris ( v.o. ) ah , tuvia . the fantasy of tuvia forever cast out by the reality of tuvia . finally , because of my fame and she desperate strait , she poverty and single parenthood , she be go to submit to I . finally I could have have she . ( more ) ( continued ) 102 . continued : barris ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I could have have what have so long elude I . but now she be old and I be not interested . int . train - night Middle -ag tuvia stare out at the night - time landscape in the darken train car , she suitcase on the seat next to she . int . barris' bedroom - night barris be have sex with two twenty year old nymphettes the drug and alcohol flow freely . he seem to be enjoy himself but there be a hollowness in he eye . barris ( v.o. ) tuvia be old , but not I . I be the game show King . int . go show set - day the rabid audience member chant , " chuckie baby , chuckie baby , chuckie baby ... " int . barris' office - night barris snort Coke in the darkness . he scan a article headline : " Chuck barris be the decline of western civilization . " the phone ring , alarmingly break the stillness . barris what ? telephone voice Paul picard be dead . ext . east berlin STREET - early morning barris look down from the plane as picard , on the ground , run after it . picard ( yell ) fly , daedalus , fly ! int . barris' office - night barris hang up the phone . he stare off into the distance . the phone ring again , again shatter the silence . int . go show set - day barris on stage with red stock hat . ( continued ) 103 . continued : barris this be the moment we have be wait for ... the contestant appear on stage . barris ( cont 'd ) the winner be miss tiny brook ! a model appear with a trophy and a big check and hand it to a enormously fat woman . the other contestant appluad . two midget dance . the band play . a massive amount of confetti and balloon fall on everyone . int . auditorium - night it 's the Emmy Award . barris be in the audience , next to he starlet date . he sweat through he tuxedo , fidget . Ed asner and caroll O'Connor be on stage present . ed asner and the winner be taxi ! the taxi theme start as the winner make they way to the stage . ed asner ( cont 'd ) James L. brook , Stan Daniels , and ed. weinberger , executive producer . the starlet whisper into barris 's ear , outrage at the unfairness . starlet I do not see why you show be never nominate . barris look sick . Jim brook be on stage accept . jame l.brook and I honor you , member of the academy , for recognize and support high quality television . int . bathroom - night barris be lock in a stall , vomit . the door to the bathroom open . someone enter . barris peek through the close stall door . it 's Jim brook , whistling and hold he Emmy . he place it next to the sink , unzip he fly and piss . a agitate barris pull he gun from he ankle holster , open the stall door a crack , and shakily aim the gun at brook ' back . 104 . ext . terrace - day actual barris but as I stand there , I realize , I could not kill Jim brook , the man who be responsible for such good stuff : Mary Tyler Moore , rhoda , Cindy , Phyllis , episode of my friend tony . I love that show as much as anybody in America . int . bathroom - night barris be cry . he turn the gun away from brook , almost against he will , and stick it in he own mouth . after a moment , he realize he can not do that either . actual barris ( v.o. ) I could not kill either of we , so I let we both live . Jim brook and I . the rest be history . barris put the gun away , flush the toilet and exit the stall . barris hey , congratulation , Jim . brook turn and look at barris . he smile . jame l.brook oh , hey ! thanks ... barris Chuck barris . the gong show . jame l.brook oh , right . hey , thanks , Chuck . barris once again you deserve it . you show be the great . you bring so much ... quality to the medium . jame l.brook thank you . I appreciate that . I really do they smile and nod at each other awkwardly . Chuck wait for some sort of return of the compliment . it do not come . they continue to nod at each other . 105 . int . office of gracie film - day the actual Jim brook be be interview . actual jim brooks I do not really remember ever meeting Chuck barris . interviewer ( o.c . ) in the men' room at the emmy , he say . brook think , look at interviewer . actual jim brooks I be not say it do not happen . I be just , y'know ... if he remember it , I be sure it happen . really do not seem like much of a anecdote though . int . chateau marmont bungalow - night a big party be in progress . the place be pack . late seventies celebrity abound . Alan alda be there . burt reynold , Jamie farr , jaye P. Morgan , gene gene the Dancing Machine , Pam dawber , farrah fawcett major and Lee major , John belushi . Chuck barris step out of the bathroom , drink in hand . he wipe he nose like someone who 's just snort coke . he wander disconsolately and slightly wild - eye through the crowd . he sit in a chair . a man sit across from he look at barris . his eye light up . party man # 1 hey , you be Chuck barris ! barris yeah . party man # 1 I love you show ! barris ( unenthuse ) great . I be just head -- party man # 1 I have a talent I think you would really appreciate . barris uh-huh . Party man # 1 begin farting " jingle bell . " barris get up and move away . ( continued ) 106 . continued : party man # 1 ( call after ) hey , do not you ever hear of Le petomane ? he be a star , buddy ! this be totally smell - free ! barris settles by the fireplace . a pretty woman approach , smile . pretty woman hi. barris hi. pretty woman I think it be you . barris ( bow ) it 's I . pretty woman I be glad to meet you because I want to tell you that I have see the gong show and I think you be the most insidious and despicable force in entertainment today . barris well -- pretty woman how dare you subject the rest of the world to you loathsome view of humanity . barris I do not think it 's that loathsome . pretty woman what be it then ? to mock some poor , lonely people who just crave a little attention in they life . to destroy they . so everybody 's not brilliantly talented . they be still people . they deserve respect and compassion . I mean , who the hell be you ? what the fuck have you ever do that elevate you above the pathetic mass ? oh , I forget , you create the date game . wow , right up there with the sistine Chapel . I guess that 's what give you the right to ... ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) barris Excuse I , I have get to -- barris lose himself in the crowd . he hurry past a guy who recognize and start chant . party man # 2 chuckie baby ! chuckie baby ! chuckie baby ! barris turn and make he way through the crowd to the door . ext . sunset blvd - night barris make he way down the crowded street . people stare , turn they head to gawk . we hear over and over again : " hey , be not that Chuck barris ? " and " hey , look , the gong show guy ! " , and " chuckie baby , chuckie baby ! " barris smile wanly and nod . people shove paper and pen in he face and he scribbles autograph without stop . sweat form on he brow . his polyester shirt be drench . barris ( v.o. ) she be right . what the hell have I do with my life ? among the fan on the street , barris spot the fat bachelor he kill in London . he sport a bullet hole in he head barris do a double take . barris ( cont 'd ) wait , you be that guy . you be dead . this be screwy . fat bachelor I only want to be love . barris that 's all I fuck want ! barris hurry away from the fat bachelor . he begin to spot other converge on he : the corpse of that he kill , bloody and disfigure . crazy , angry -look gong gong show contestant appear in the crowd with weapon . kgb agent in trench coat and sunglass wield gun , Day of the Dead skeleton dance after he . barris break into a run . suddenly confetti and balloon pour down on he out of the L.A. night sky . barris dash across the street , almost get hit by a car . he duck down a alley to catch he breath . as he lean against the wall and heave , a middle - age woman appear , somewhat backlit by the street light . ( continued ) 108 . continued : middle - aged woman Mr. barris ? barris no , I be ... middle - aged woman my name be Louise wechsler and I be here from Tulsa with my family and ... barris please , I be not feel well . middle - aged woman just a moment of you time . I love you show . and , well , I , sort of , have a talent myself . barris you can stop by the office to audition tomorrow . the woman continue to approach . middle - aged woman well , I be leave tomorrow and I be just wonder . see , I dance a little and I be just wonder -- there 's no way out of this . barris sigh . barris yeah , all right . go ahead . barris turn to face the woman , who 's very close now . she start to dance around , sort of ballet - like , very badly . barris watch . she pirouettes , arm above she head . barris ( cont 'd ) very nice . something in she hand glint in the light . barris reflexively grab she arm . it 's a ice pick . the two wrestle for it . the woman be extremely strong . barris jam the palm of he hand up into the woman 's nose . she stagger back , but do not drop the ice pick . barris leap at she . the two roll on the ground . the woman pin barris . she straddle he and be about to stab he through the air . barris reach under she skirt and grab she crotch . the middle - age woman be a man . he scream in a distinctly male voice . barris take the moment of distraction to grab the ice pick and jam it up through the assailant 's chin and into he brain . the assailant slump over . ( continued ) 109 . continued : ( 2 ) barris push the body off himself , kneel beside it , and pull off the wig . he get up , shaking and heaving . he look at the body one more time , kick it in the head with all he might . ext . terrace - day actual barris that be it . I just disappear . the network have to put the gong show into rerun . it be 1981 . I hole myself up in this hotel in New York . parker Hotel . int . HOTEL room - day subtitle : new york CITY , spring 1982 we see barris from above , shiver and naked in the corner . the manuscript page be pile high next to the typewriter . barris look up at the camera with outstretch arm , appeal to the god . barris who be I ? there be a pound on the wall from a neighbor . neighbor ( o.s. ) who care ? shut the fuck up ! there 's a knock at the door . barris crawl toward it , peek through the peephole . barris fuck . shit. piss . barris unlock the door . Simon Oliver stand there . oliver barris . barris how would you know where I be ? oliver Chuck , Chuck , Chuck , do not be a orangutan . we always know where you be . we always know what you be do . by the by , I would think twice before I would attempt to get that tripe you be write publish . and there 's a typo on page -- ( continued ) 110 . continued : barris look , what do you want , Oliver ? I do not work for you anymore . I have thing to ... barris trail off . oliver I would like you to come back for one last assignment , Chuck . barris no. now get ... good-bye oliver I think you might be interested when I tell you it 's the mole who finger you friend Jim byrd and Paul picard ... and seigfry keeler . barris keeler commit suicide . oliver yes , of course he do . he throw himself from a twentieth floor window after he strangle himself to death with a electrical cord . barris ( beat ) I be not interested , Oliver . oliver as long as the mole 's alive , you do not have a chance in hell of remain so . besides , kill be in you blood , old man . you fit the profile . barris lunge at Oliver , push he against the wall . barris that fuck profile again ! what 's the fuck be it ?! what the fuck do you bastard know about I , that I do not ?! oliver indeed . where to begin . first , let go of I . barris let go . Oliver sit in a chair , straighten he shirt . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) oliver ( cont 'd ) let 's see . well , you have a twin sister , stillborn , strangle by you umbilical cord . you first hit , Chuck . you mother always want a daughter . she blame you for you sister 's death . and , so , until you sister Phoebe be bear , she raise you as a girl . barris that 's not true . oliver oh , and you father the dentist ? not really you father . you biological father be a man name Edmund James Windsor . a serial killer . a fact you mother do not know when she have a affair with he in 1930 . if you want to look he up , he be also know as the tarrytown troll , because he have be describe by witness as short and ugly . Windsor die in the electrical chair at ossine in 1939 . we believe you self - loathing tendency couple with that extra y chromosome and whatever else you inherite from you father would serve we well . barris you be lie . oliver I be try to think what more I can tell you . I be sure there 's more . but you have I at a disadvantage here , barris . I do not have you file in front of I . barris just leave I the hell alone ! oliver you mother always love the game show , and you so want to please she . we never expect the game show business to work out for you . but that it do , turn out to be in we favor . I guess you need to be a good daughter drive you more than we anticipate . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) barris lunge at Oliver . the two wrestle on the floor . barris punch he repeatedly in the face . dissolve to : int . HOTEL room - morning barris lie sleep in a tangle of sheet . there 's blood on he hand . a knock at the door . barris jump awake , grab he gun . he look around . the room be a mess , stuff knock over . there 's be a fight . he see he bloody hand . another knock . barris huh ? what ? penny ( o.s. ) Chuck ? it 's pen. barris bring he gun with he to the door , look through the peephole , then open the door . penny stand there , take in the room , the mess , the haggard barris . penny ( cont 'd ) oh , Chuck . barris Jesus , how would you find I ? be I list in some guidebook or something ? penny you send I you last letter on hotel stationary . barris oh. well , it 's great to see you , Pen . you look beautiful . barris hug she . penny I do not really . but I appreciate the lie . I know how you hate lie . ( look around ) Boy , this place be scary look . barris yeah . ( tap he head ) the human psyche . ( continued ) 113 . continued : penny I come to take you back to California with I . it 's a lonely state without you . barris I do not know , redhead . penny I can not wait forever for you to ask I to marry you , you know . well , apparently I can . but I really do not want to . Chuck . barris pen. penny ( cry ) I love you so much . you do not understand . I do not even know why . you be such a schmuck . barris you do not know the half of it . penny you be not gonna marry I , be you ? barris I do not know if I can . penny nod she head and leave . barris watch she go , then fall to the floor and weep . ext . plane - day ext . union oyster house , boston - night int . union oyster house , boston barris , dress in a suit , sit with Patricia Watson . he smile across the table at she . patricia I can not believe you finally leave you two - hundred - dollar - a- night cave to see I . I be honore . barris y'know , I get a visit this morning from penny . she 's want to marry I forever . but she do not know who I be , what I have , what I be capable of . ( more ) ( continued ) 114 . continued : barris ( cont 'd ) and she can not ever know . so what do she really love ? a lie . and I start think , treesh , you be the only woman in the world who truly know I . I know I have screw you over in the past , and I be really sorry . I just want you to know that you be the one I want to be with . I love you , treesh . Patricia look at he . her hard - as-nail demeanor soften . she smile . barris smile and reach across the table for she hand . ext . wharf - night barris and Patricia stand look out at the harbor . barris I hate myself for how I have live , treesh . patricia neitzsche say , " whoever despise oneself still respects oneself as one who despise . " barris I never think of that . Jesus , I can not even despise myself with any insight . patricia insane asylum be fill with people who think they be Jesus or Satan . very few have delusion of be the guy down the block who work at a insurance company . wonder what that mean . barris y'know , I want to be a writer once . I want to write something that someday some lesser person would quote . but I never do . I be the lesser person , treesh . I never say anything meaningful that be not say by somebody else first . I be disposable . I dispose of people and I be disposable . ( beat ) you look cold . barris drape he jacket over Patricia 's shoulder . patricia Chuck , what 's get into you ? you be actually act like a gentleman . ( continued ) 115 . continued : barris kiss she . she let he . patricia ( cont 'd ) well , it 's late . I should get go . barris I suppose you still will not tell I where you be stay . patricia no . but I will show you . she take he hand . they walk off . int . patricia' HOTEL room - night Patricia enter follow by barris . she turn on the light . patricia drink ? barris sure. bourbon . Patricia pour some drink . there be a couple of chair near the window . barris sit in one . patricia I have be think a lot about you lately , Chuck . barris yeah ? Patricia approach barris with the drink , hand he one . patricia I have miss you . barris you could have fool I . patricia well , I have mellow . Patricia take barris by the hand , lead he to the window . patricia ( cont 'd ) look. Boston 's a beautiful city . we could start over here . a normal person 's life . together . selling insurance . ( continued ) 116 . continued : barris that sound right . Patricia flop down in the chair that barris have be sit in . barris sit in the chair across from she . Patricia raise she glass . patricia to life . barris to life . Patricia casually slide she hand under the chair cushion . in one swift move , barris pull a gun from he ankle and shoot Patricia three time , twice in the head , once in the heart . the force of the bullet have tip the chair over . Patricia lie sprawle on the floor . barris ( cont 'd ) ( bitterly ) l'chaim . barris stand and look at Patricia 's body . she hold a gun . int . quiet cafe - morning Simon Oliver sit sip a espresso . he have a black eye and bruise face . barris enter , look haggard . he sit and stare at Oliver . barris it 's do and I be do . agreed ? oliver agreed . but if you get antsy ... and you will . Oliver smile and walk off . barris sit for a moment , then stand , walk over to a payphone and dial . barris hey , redhead ? int . chapel - day barris and penny be get marry surround by friend in a small chapel . justice of the peace we have come here today to join together penny pacino and Chuck barris . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : justice of the peace ( cont 'd ) you all know Chuck barris : the creator of the date game , the newlywed game , the family game ... barris look at penny . should he slug this guy ? she give he a " be patient " look . justice of the peace ( cont 'd ) ... the game game , dream girl of 1968 , operation entertainment , how 's you mother -in-law ? and many other . Chuck barris who most recently bring we such hit as the rah - rah show , treasure hunt , leave it to the woman , the dollar - ninety - eight beauty show , and the gong show . the Chuck barris , who I be sure will be back with even more show to ... ext . chapel - day well - wisher , family , fan , photographer , reporter , and passer - by be line up on either side of a red carpet that lead from the chapel to a limousine wait at the curb . barris and penny emerge from the chapel . everyone cheer , photo be snap , rice and confetti be throw , as the happy newlywed make they way to the limo , barris spot a pinky - ringed hand in the crowd hold a gun . barris push penny toward the white limo . the driver stand there hold the door open . barris shove penny in , then scream at the driver . barris drive , Danny ! now ! barris jump in the car , the driver slam the door close , hurry around the driver 's door and get in . the car peal away from the cab . int . car - continuous a ashen barris look back at the crowd . penny watch he . penny what 's go on ? barris ( still look out window ) Pen , I have something to confess . penny 's expression shift , turn slightly stony . she 's get ready for something bad . penny okay . ( continued ) 118 . continued : barris ( stalling ) you know I as the creator of the date game , the newlywed game , the family game , the game game , how 's you mother - in - law , dream girl of 1968 ... penny operation entertainment . barris yeah , operation entertainment . the rah - rah show , gong show , the dollar - ninety - eight beauty show , the ra-rah show ... penny you say that already . barris okay . ( beat ) okay , but what you do not know be that I have brutally murder thirty - three people for the CIA . penny just stare blankly at barris , who can not look at she . suddenly she start to laugh . Danny join in . eventually so do barris . ext . terrace - day the actual barris be be interview . actual barris y'know , I come up with a new game show idea recently . it 's call the Old game . you get three old guy with load gun on stage they look back at they life , see who they be , what they accomplish , how close they come to realize they dream . the winner be the one who do not blow he brain out . he get a refrigerator . the camera hold on barris 's face as he puff a cigar . black . the end