" conquest of the planet of the ape " original screenplay by paul dehn final shoot script January 18 , 197 apjac production Inc , " conquest of the planet of the ape " fade in ours il - 13 ext , the CITY - full shot - night ( century CITY ) a - 13 ( note : a detailed visual renderin | of the open will be ald out by the sketch . a — sa : vyence a panning shot of the dark tower of the city 31 thovetted against the nignt sky . silence . Zo music . the view drift down the black gless - facade high risaa revealeng ... eapty of life . pave , desertad walkway stretch away into the darkness . over this superimpose : the title : NORTH america 1991 the title fade out . another few moment of stience . then , at first barely audible , the faint click of a single pair of leather boot , approach slowly . jump cut of the mall C - 13 . quick flash of . various walkway and ramp lead to the centrel pavilion ( as if sean through frighten aye ) as the foqtstep grow louder . oo moving shadow of helmete ' man p.13 stride tovard camera , the sound.of step how on full . ¥rom . the. genyon of glass . and ' steel . surroun@ing the mall , faint animal cry be hear , whooping , chatter _ .. more fike jungle sound . than anything ope might hear ~ in a modern’eity . footstep 's stop. as ... close on ' the helmete head b13 , o. turn , diselose the. tensa , worried face of a wiiform State Security policeman . he listena , glance quickly up and .. down ' the mal} , then slowly wisling he rifle . draw : sack : to a down angle yiey of the : eliceman stand motionless in '' the mall . over this superimpose the first aa title . fade out , draw back slightly , to reveal the ede of & parapet in the f.g -. we hear the sqund of breathing . | below , in the mall , the policeman - bagin to walk uncertainly cont . 2 e-13 cont. toward the parapet . a scraping of foot be heard . whip pan to show a shadowy figure dash away in the darkness . the policeman shout , hurry up a ramp toward the parapet . continue credit over : a&a series of shot F - 13 - j-13 show : 1 , the shadowy pigure , never clearly discernible , dash past building , through alleyway , vanish beneath ramp , as the SOUND of its breathing become more labor . 2 . the policeman in pursuit ... intercut : 3 . another policeman move along path and mall , gradually convergea on the escape figure unsiinge he rifle . intercut : 4 , plashes of dark building as the chorus of animal cry rise in volume . 5 . flash CUT - arched bridge the shadow of the escape figure , flee at top speed . the policeman be p.o.v . - down angle - the mall k - 13 fling he rifle to he shoulder as the figure , still indistinct , race into and across the wide mall . close shot - policeman L - 13 he scream a warning : | policeman no ! no ! a instant , then he start to squeeze the trigger . policeman be p.0.v . - down angle m - 13 he pump off two rifle shot . the distant figure spin , topple to the ground , arm outstretch , flat on its back . the SOUND of gunfire be still echoing in the mall as we 2 com to a closeup of the figure . it have the face of a ape ... its die eye glaze and shut as ... cont . 3 m-13 cont. over & whirring , flutter SOUND , the screen go black , superimpose final credit , hold for a moment as we recognize the whirring SOUND as that make by the rotor of a approach helicopter . angle up from the black - which be a stretch of tarmac --. ext , highrise heliport - day 14 the copter put down on the landing pad , and half - a- dozen commuter type debouch , follow by armando ( the circus proprietor from " bs cape " ) lead caesar , a young but full - grow chimpanzee on a leash , caeaar , wear a eheack shirt , black britches and riding boot , carry a stack of publicity handout in he hairy hand . the passenger go through a checkpoint at which two uniformed state security officer examine they identity carda . there be nothing perfunctory about this : each person 's card be scrutinize closely ty the unsmile officer ... armandc and caesar be the last in line . armando handa he card to officer 1 , who leck at it . officer 2 stare disapprovingly at caesar . officer 2 do you have authorization to dress he like that ? armando . yes , sir . armando hand a official - look document to Officer 2 , who scan it , glance indifferently at caesar . officer 2 a circus ape , huh ? armando ( proudly ) and the only one ever to have be train as a bareback rider in the entire history of the circus . Officer 2 hand the document back to armando . officer 2 circuse be past history . armando ( smile ) ' not while I live and breathe . Officer 1 return armando 's identity card . officer 1 all right , senor armando . go ahead , cant , 4 14 cont . Beyond they , the commuter be enter a elevator . armando tug on caesar 's leash , armando come ! commuter entering elevator i5 the gate ciose behing they before armando and caesar reach the elevator . armando look around , lead caesar toward a interior staircase , they start down . out a-35 armando and caesar be15 at a bend in the staircase , out of earshot , as they descand . caesar do I do all right ? armando yes . but try to walk a little more like a primitive chimpanzee . the stop to illustrate what he mean ) you arm should move up and down from the shoulder -- sol caesar nod , vaguely puzzle , mimic armando 's movementa , armando much better . ( smile ) after twenty year you have pick up evolve habit from I . that could be dangerous . even fatal . carsar but , armando , I do not understand -- armando put a cautionary arm on caesar 's shoulder , look carefully around , then gesture he into a passageway . int . underground passage C ~15 as they move toward the mouth of the ampty passage , armando speak with quiet urgency . cont . revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/21/72 5 C - 15 cont armando listen to mé , caesar . there can be only one talk chimpanzee on earth , the child of the two talk ape , cornelius and Zira , who come to we year ago out of the future and be brutally murder for fear that , one very distant day , ape might dominate the human race . caesar but outside of you no one know I even exist . armando and we must keep it that way , for the fear remain . the mere fact _ of you existence would be regard as a great threat to mankind . when you realize how ape be treat .... he traile off , troubled . caesar what be you go to say ? armando ( pause , with effort the comradeship of the circus where human be kind to animal .. , be very different from what you be about to see . a pedestrian enter the passageway , come toward they . | caesar what diff -- _____armando shh ! do not talk from now on . he tug irritably on caesar 's leash for the benefit of the approach pedestrian . armando come ! come ! caesar lurch clumsily forward as the pedestrian pass they . 6 escalator base - day D - 15 they step onto a ascend escalator , to which caesar be obviously unaccustom , for he keep he eye glue to he foot . armando ( a whisper ) prepare for a shock . caesar stumble off the escalator , then react with total astonishment at the sight of : we 16 - 17 shopping CENTER a - 17 thronge not only with human ( anglos , black , oriental ) , pursue they ordinary pleasure , but with ape pursue they appoint task . the human ' clothes , though _ expensively cut , &re austere , monochromatic . the ape ' costume be variegate ( gorilla in red , chimpanzee in green , orangutan in tan ) -- long -sleeve , full - length robe for the female ; trousers and choker - collar for the male . this sex-distinction in dress apply equally to the ape ' child -- some of whom be see walk hand itn hand with thelr parent , learn to serve , some ape carry basket of clothing , other broom to sweep the pavement , or a mistress 's dress hang in cellophane over one arm and fresh from the cleaner , human carry nothing . there be no vehicle in the street . and , despite the ape ' apparent docility , they exude a air of disquiet ; some move slugglishly , openly sullen , other dart frighten glance at the many police officer who patrol the street armed with truncheon and electric " prodder . " we 16 - — 26 caesar a - 20 look about the mali in grow shock . armando note he reaction . cont . 7 a - 20 cont , over all this 4 loudspeaker be steadily blaring announce - ment : loudspeaker attention , attention ! this be the watch Commander , disperse unauthorize ape gather at the foot of ramp six ! repeat . disperse unauthorize ape gather at the foot of ramp six ! two policemen -b - 20 hurry away through the crowd , yelling at four ape -- three chimp and a gorilla -- who stand at the bottom of a ramp , atare mutely at one another . loudspeaker take the serial number of each offender and notify ape Control immediately . they master be to be cite and fine . repeat . they master be to he cite and fine . whip pan back to ... caesar C - 20 look at .... ape streetcleaner D - 20 a slow - move gorilla who leang indolently on he broom . a policeman appear behind he , jam he electric " prod " into the gorilila 's back . the latter roar angrily , turn , sae the policeman , grudgingly resume sweeping along the curb . after a moment , the policeman turn away . the gorilla , note this , clumally , but with evident defiance , scatter the trash he have accumulate with he broom , then trudge over 1 % , a idiotically triumphant smile on hig face . caesar e- 20 turn to see , , , 8 F - 20 obviously no longer young , lower she shopping basket to the ground , place a hairy hand on she aching side . she see & bench some yard away , waver , then move toward it . printed on the bench be the word : '' not for ape ! " the sick ape reach the bench , stare uncomprehendingly at the printing . then , haif -sensing there be something wrong in what she be about to do , she lower herself onto the hench in a sit position . two policemen descend on she , the young one wield he trunctheon , a sick female ape young policeman off , off ! no , no ! do ! you see the sign ? older policeman {grimly amused ) take it easy . they can not read , younger policeman ( worried ) not yet they can not . the sick ape wobble off , snatching up she shopping basket , caesar and armando G - 20 caesar , horrify , turn to armando who have tightened the grip on he leash . caesar {a hoarse whisper } you say human treat the ape like pet . armando they do ~- in the beginning . caesar they have make slave .of they . armando shh -~ let I show you what happen , he lead caesar across the shopping center . ext , pet memorial ~ day # - 20 at the edge of the shopping center , crown two adjoin pedestal , be the carve marble figure of a dog and cat , identify py respective plaque as rover and tabby . a larger plague at the common base of the two pedestal cont , 3 rn- 20 can ! read : " in loving memory - 1982 . " armando and caesar anter , caesar gaze in stupefaction at the statue , then turn inquiringly to armande , armando they ali die within '' few month , nine year ago -~ every dog and cat in the world . [ ft be like a plague . the disease that kill they be a mysterious virus bring back from outer space by one of the astronaut , no exist vaccine or antidote be of any heip , cabsar do not the disease affect numan ? armando no , they be immune , and ao , it be discover , be simian , even the smallest one . thatts how it begin -- human want Little househeld pet to replace the one they have lose . first it be just the marmoset and tarsier monkey . phen , &@5 people realize how quick they be to learn , how easy to train , the pet become larger and larger . until now ... he gesture to the crowd of ape and humana in the shopping canter . caesar it 's manstrous . a policeman appear gome yard away behind they , armando now you understand why I have keep you away -- nsee policeman} come , come ! he yank at caesar 's leash , pull he away as the policeman regards they idly . new angle ~ shopping CENTER I - + 20 armando and caesar approach a outdoor cafe where a group of female human be seat around a table . lady 1 click & thumb switch on she perspex cigarette ease , and out pop cant. 10 I - 20 cont . & very slim pale green cigarette . in a flash a huge gorilla waiter ( frank ) , with a tray in one hand , proffer he lighter with the other . . lady 1 thank you , Frank , she inhale and look at the cigarette thoughtfully . lady 1 {to lady 2 ) funny . now that I know they will not kill I , I do not enjoy they . she stub the cigarette out in a ashtray . at once frank substitute a new ashtray for the old . intuitively or intelligently ? it 's hard to say . armando who see caesar watch all this intently , signal for he to atart distribute handbilis . lady 2 nlook up ) well , for heaven sake ! a circus ! lady 1 I see one once in Europe . as caesar and armando move among the table on the side - walk they encounter two uniform ape handlers with a huge shackle gorilla ( aldo ) in tow . the evolve and the primitive ape instinctively stop to survey each other , handler 1 ( gently tug collar chain ) no , Aldo . ' qn the word " no , " Aldo instantly cringe . | armando ( gently tug caesar 's leash } no . after a moment 's hesitation , caesar " cringe " too , we pan they to the entrance of the bookshop . ahead of they , lisa , a female chimpanzee be enter the shop . 11 int . bookshop 21 caesar and armando enter the shop as Lisa go up to the counter where a bespectacle lady bookseller be seat . stand patiently to one side and behind she be a male orangutan , bookseller ( matter of fact ) Lisa ? this Lisa froffer a red shopping - card ( we shall see more of bookseller ( read it ; flatly ) 'a young queen fall '.... for Mrs. riley . she consult a catalog ; indicate a tall bookcase to the orangutan behind she . extends all five finger of she leave hand ; and three finger of she right . we pan orangutan shuffle to the case . he count five shelf down from the top , and ( erroneously ) two title from the leave : " the story of servant ' lib " by Herbert semhouse and '' porn be dead " by minnie sokolisky . he hesitates between the latter and " a young queen fail " ; and pick up '' porn be dead " and take to : bookseller ( sharply ) no , orangutan halt dead in he track . bookseller no ! orangutan cringe helplessly , bookseller stride irritably to bookcase , take down the right book , slap it on the counter . Lisa pick up the book , turn to go . a lock pass between she and caesar , Lisa like what she gee . as Lisa move out of the shop : bookseller ( to armando ) yes ? armando signal caesar , who proffer a handout . a armando could you possibly be so kind as to display it in you window ? cont . revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " ~ 1/26/72 12 21 cont. bookseller {without interest ) when I have get time . caesar lay the handout on the counter . he and armando leave the shop . CUT to : panning armando and caesar 22 move on down a cover passage past .. , the Public Washroom . on the first door be the silhouette of a man ; on the second door , of a woman ; and on the third .. of a ape . as pair pass this last door and move out of shot the door open and a female chimpanzee emerge with a bag of grocery , smoothing she dress , we 23 int . lady ' hatrdressers 24 Lisa enter , s8til1 clutching " a young queen fail . " she walk questingly along the row of open -end cubicle until she spot she mistress { mrs . riley ) , whose back be turn to we , but whose face be reflect in a flatter wall mirror . she be have she hair dry by a female chimpanzee with a hand drier . we move in to include all three in mirror - image with chimp ~ - drier leave and liga behind chair in b.g. spot she servant , Mrs. riley atretch out 4 peremptory hand without turn around . Lisa put the bock into it . . mrs. riley Home , Lisa . as Lisa turn to leave , caesar and armando enter the shop , during the ensue action , Lisa go out - caesar gaze after she , . cur to : new angle 2 % chimp - drier have suddenly become very interested in . Mrs. riley 's hair , which she first begin to explore with the help of the hand drier and then to pick and search ... '' cr lice ? Mrs. riley drop she book and scream . CUT tq : 13 shoot up corridor from cubicle entrance - beauty 26 operator racing to the rescue . we whip pan she into mre , ailey 's cubicle , where chimp - drier be daintily eat ( from she finger ) whatever she may have find . beauty operator no , Zelda . wo ! chimp - drier cringea . beauty operator Home ! chimp - drier slink out of cubicle . beauty operator I be so sorry , Mrs. riley , someone 'li be right along to give you you comb - out , mrs . riley f{sourly ) T want it now . I have a luncheon date , CUT to : int . restaurant corner table ~ mrs , riley and her 27 beau armando and caesar , the latter pass out handout , appear in the b.g. caesar stop , watch as Mrs. riley , exquisitely coiffure , drain she demitasse . beau Thursday , then ? mrs , riley ( graciousiy} Thursday . both rise and be leave wnon Beau snap he finger , vex . beau I forget the waiter . mrs , riley J have it , from she purse she take a‘: small package and hand it to the Beau , whom we pan to the side of a young chimp busboy cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape '' - 1/24/72 14 27 cont . studiously watch he human captain prepare crepe suzettes for two negro tycoon , . during the ensue wcene , we catch " snatch " of the tycoon ! conversation : tycoon 1 tne real future be in hydroponic farming . I be have a talk with my son last night -- tycoon 2 ( wearily ) oh , Harry , why steer he into something like that ? the big money 's in aynthetic alloy -- tycoon 1 if you be sell to the government . but look what 's happen to the space program . cut to the bone . tycoon 2 it '1l come back . it will come back , tycoon 1 that 's what you say about the supersonic transport . as caesar watch , Beau upend package , and shake out into he own palm : insert - six or seven raisins from a branded BOX 28 new angle 29 Beau tip raisin into palm of chimp busboy who inetantly eat they before intently rejoining he Captain in a ' wo shot , chimp watch studicusly as Captain light the crepe , the flame shoot toward the ceiling , and the susboy , terrify , race for dear life past Mrs. riley , Beau , caesar and armando toward the entrance . captain ( yell ) no captain be p.0.v . - chimp busboy 30 8tcos dead in he track , face freeze in fear , not dare the turn around , revised - " conquest cf the planet of the ape " - t/ek/72 ly - a close on caesar a~30 his eye harden in anger . angle on captain , tycgons 32 captain oroll eye resignedly and I tell they to condition he to fire . ae two shot - caesar and armando a- ~3 i armando , realize that caesar be approach the break point , tug forcefully on he leash , draw he away . ext . civic CENTER - modern CITY - day 32 Signs establish the local branch of a nationwide ape - hire agency . the main entrance be at present be pickete by waiter , in and out of uniform , bear placard inscribe : " onpatir to waiter " " slave be scab " " hire men not beast " cort , 15 32 cont . over this the loudspeaker can be heard : loudspeaker the labor deronstration on the South Plaza will be terminate in five minute . repeat . the labor demonstration on the South Plaza will be terminate in five minute . failure to comply with this order can result in a one - year suspension of you right to bargain collectively . the waiter be crowd around the newly arrive gorilla , aldo , whose two handlers be vainly try to get he into the building . armando and caesar enter shot during : . waiter 1 what 's nis job ? handler 1 ( quietly ) forget it . he 's a messenger . handler 2 ( less quietly ) for the Governor . so git . he push the walter aside . other waiter converge aggressively on handlers , and the shackle Aldo utter a roar of panic , start to break away from he escort , | lethally flail he chain . two policeman come to the handlers ' rescue . all begin bludgeon Aldo to the ground , another angle a-32 as macdonald , a young , handsome , impressively dress negro , move swiftly to where the Police and handlers be beat Aldo , ' macdonald _ {authoritatively ) stop that at once ! Ali of you ! the Police and handlers '' snap to '' when they realize who 's talk to they . policeman 1 yes , sir , Mr. macdonald . we be just -- cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape ' + 1/24/7 - 15-a a- 32 cont . macdonald I see what you be do . sedate the animal and get he out of here , macdonald turn , stride toward the building . policeman 2 turn to he partner , policeman 2 ( resentfully ) who the hell 's that ? policeman 1 ( shushing he ) | take it easy . macdonald . the Governor 's number one assistant . policeman 2 what 's the matter ? he love ape ? policeman 1 do not it figure ? behind they , one of the handlers produce a hypodermic needle . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape '' - 1/24/72 16 close on caesar b-32 he watch with a approve expression as macdonald move out of sight into the highrise . handler 1 brutally jab the needle into Aldo , who give a wild yell of pain , resume struggle . once again policeman 1 start bludgeon he , . caesar ( explode ) — lousy human bastard ! as Aldo slump unconscious to the ground under the effect of the injection , the Police and crowd , most of whose back have be turn , whip around to see : armando sweat ; caesar uncontrollably tremble . there be a moment . of silence . policeman 1 who say that ? ( instantly ) I do , the two policeman approach caesar and scrutinize he . the crowd be murmure and point to caesar . armando , sense mount danger , quickly thrust a handout into policeman 1 's hand . armando ( hastily ) he 's a perform ape for my elrcus . the policenian look down at : insert - handout 33 a rather blurry photograph of caesar stand on the back of a gallop white horse in '' armando' old -time circus . ' we a-33 17 the policeman b-33 look up at caesar and armando . policeman 1 a talk ape ? rmando no , no . that 's . ' 4 mpo sible . I be the one who speak . policeman 2 De not you know it 's a criminal offense to show disrespect to a state official ? armando that be unintentional , I assure you . but be sentimental about animal , I -- policeman 1 . it do not sound to I like you voice . yell ... ' lousy human bastard . ' armando - that 's not what I say . policeman 2 it 's what we hear . yell ' lousy human bastard . ? armando {quite loudly ) lousy human bastard ! policeman 1 we say yell . armando ( yell , in possible imitation of caesar ) lousy human bastard ! the two policeman exchange a glance . . policeman 2 could be , policeman i I do not think so . cont . 18 b-33 cor some of the onlooker : vehemently confirm the : feeling of policeman 1 . " yes , chat 's right , " '' it be the ape . " " the ape do speak . 's policeman 1 ( turn to crowd ) you hear it too ? some of the onlooker gather around policeman 1 , nodd confirmation , point to caesar . armando ( grow desperation ) Officer , they be mistaken , I will admit my behavior be inexcusable , and I be deeply sorry , but -- policeman 2 we would better turn they over to headquarters for interrogation . policeman 1 right . close on armando . c- 33 his face go white with fear . close on caesar D - 33 . he note armando 's reaction . wider angle - the group e-33 '' behind they , the drugge Aldo make a final , violent effor to fling off he captor . the handlers yell for help , end the two policeman rush to they assistance . caesar , after a moment 's indecision , start back away through the crowd . close on armando F - 33 yor a few second he be unaware that caesar be no longer a : ris side . then he turn , see he steal away , go efter bim . , 19 aldo and the police g-33 Aldo be quickly bring under control . the two policeman move back to where armando and caesar be last stand , see they hurry away across the shopping center . . policeman 1 stop ! come back ! caesar : h-33 he reach a corner , turn it , treak into a run . a second later armando reach the corner , see caesar run away , have no alternative but to run after he , moving shot - the policemen I - 33 they plow through the crowd , shove people roughly aside , finally reach the corner , look up and down the broad walkway . neither armando nor caesar be in sight . int . underground tunnel 34 caesar enter the tunnel with armando . both be wind , preathing heavily . the tunnel be massively buttress in bere concrete and sparsely illuminate . faint street sound can be hear through the air vent above they .. armando glance fearfully over he shoulder . caesar armando , forgive I . I -- armando no , no . you only say aloud what . I be think . caesar I be sorry . a armando I might have bluff it through if you have not run . now they suspect . you of understanding ail that be say . caesar ( like a child ) ' let 's go back to the circus . cont . revised ~ " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/21/72 20 34 cont . . armando : no , no . that 's the first place they ' 11 look . caesar watch armando in helpless bilence , while the latter ponder intently for a few moment . armando here 's what we will do . I will go to the police -- _ caesar . ( alarmed ) no , no -=. armando it 's the only way , my boy . I will say I could not find you , that you have run away before , city frighten . you --. ' caesar armando you stay right here . if this work I '1 ] be back by nightfall . caesar | ( pause ) and what if you be not ? it 's too risky , armando . suppose they do not let you go ? . armando they will , they will . ( pause ) | but just in case ... 1 for I be not back by then ... . ( point into the darkness ) } ' this tunnel lead to the harbor . ape shipment be frequently unload at night . you must try to infiltrate one of they -- cont. 22 34 cont , } | caesar ffrighten } but , armando , I -- armando ( presging on} ape import from overseas arrive naked , so you 'l} have to get rid of that cicthes --+- caesar but I do not want to -- armando we must have a alternative pian . right now the only safe hide piace for you be among you own kind . caesar look at armando in silence , then nod in agreement . armando pat he gently on the shoulder . armando I should not be lung . armando turn , move back along the tunnel in the direction from which they originally come . caesar watch until he be aut of sight , then huddle behind a buttress . for the first time in he life , caesar be utterly alone ... qut = 30 ° 33 int . breck's suite of opfice at civic CENTER - 4-38 dusk through the wide window , light be go on in the '' medern city . breck , the City Governor , be seat behind - ris desk . a hard -mind , authoritative man in he mid-thirty , breck nevertheless can be charming and agree - @ble when he want to , his right -hand man , macdonald , stands near he elbow , two other man , both bigh official be the State Security Agency , be present : kolp , heavy - set , bespectacle ; and hoskyns , lean and wiry , armando , bead rid berspiration on he forehead , be seat in front of as '' desk , beneath breck 's stern exterior , we sense a ae " af concern , bear of fear , cant . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 22 breck but why do you say ' human ' ? human 's a odd thing for another human to say . - armando . Mr , Governor , I do not say ' human .!? I say ' inhuman . | ' lousy inhuman bastard . ' and by the bless Saint Francis , who love all animal , I mean it . ( look around ) I run a circus . I -- kolp ( overlap ) we know that . hoskyns from twenty year back . breck . ( quiet , measure ) the year . senor armando , when the two talk ape arrive on Earth -- and conceive a baby , whose survival could have threaten the future of the human race , you remember ? armando of course , but -- macdonald ( to breck ) | | Mr. Governor , it 's my understanding that the baby be shot dead with . its parent . breck ( turn ) or 50 it be believe , Mr , macdonald , but since this morning I have be wonder whether it be the right baby . armando look bewilder . kolp | the ape could have switch they baby for one steal from the zoo . hoskyns ( meaningfully ) cr a cireus . cont. 23 a- 38 cont . ] armando laugh incredulously . they wait for he to finish . there be a long , ominous pause .. armando ( to breck ) but , Mr. Governor , you can not be serious . breck let I remind you of the reason why I can . hoskyn , the cassette . hoskyn slip a cassette into a desk video - set , during : breck this be a recording of the recommendation make to the then - President of the United States by the Chairman of the presidential Commission . it 's twenty year old and a bit scratchy , but you will get the gist . | hoskyns . and perhaps stop leugh . he activate the video-set . the Chairman appear on the screen . we intercut acreen with armando , breck , macdonald , kolp , and hoskyn . chairman ( on the video - tape ) we believe that the male and female talk ape , cornelius and Zira , have come to we out of the future . we believe they speak testimony that , some two thousand year hence , they descendant will have subjugate and all but exterminate the human race from the face of Earth . we believe that under ape supremacy Earth itself will finally be destroy , and we know that the female ape be now pregnant child . if it be possible to alter the future ( and some of we scientist believe it is} , it be we duty to do so . the Commission therefore recommend that the birth of the female ape't unborn child should be prevent ; and that , after its prenatal removal , both the male and the female should be render incapable of begetting or bear another . cont . 2 k a-38 cont .2 hoskyn flick off the switch . armando but every zoo in California --~ public or private ~- be searched by the police . and every circus -~ include my own . kolp oconsult file ) where they find a baby chimpanzee . - armando {proudly } the only chimpanzee ever to be horn in a circus ~~ and legally certified to have be bear & month before the talk ape arrive on Earth . kolp where be he now ? armando I wish I know . I tell you , I have searched everywhere «~ breck ( impatiently ) senor armande ? ( rise , come around he desk ) let I try to impress upon you the seriousness of this problem . you cirecv travel mainly in the province , do it not ? . armando yes , sir , breck then you be unaware of the rise '' ide of disobedience ~- of downright defiance -- among the servant ape in we city , cont . revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape '' - l/e1/?2 25 a-38 cart . macdonald | ( calmly ) Mr. Governor , on investigation many of the report offense have prove to be minar . breck | {angry } the ape that be kill while try to escape from the city last night -- would you call he offense minor , Mr. macdonald ? macdonald {still firm } no , sir , I would not . but -- . breck he physically sasault he own master ! macdonald only after what must have be extreme provocation , the ape 's entire body be a mag of scare and welt inflicted by beat ~-- breck . which he no doubt richly deserve ! ( pause ) | an@ God know how many more out there be just like he . Ali burn with resentment , all prime and ready ..- all.. , oturn wait , cJenor armando ... wait for a ape with enough will and intelligence to lead they . a ape that can think and talk ... . {carefully ) do you ape ever talk ~<« or show any bign of be articulate in you presence ? arma ndg ( scornfully ) never in my presence or anyone @lse 's . you can question my circus hand . breck we intend to . meanmehile ... you will remain in custody . revised ~ " conquest of the planet of the ape '' - l/2t / t2 = 2h ~ a ext . warehouse area ~ adjacent waterfront '' night 39 4n out - of -focus , migty oval light , set in a mess of blackness , clarifies itself -- into one terrify green eye encase in dark fur , cont . 26 zooming out further , we find its owner be a 39 con orangutan . follow with : series of shot . ko very quick , very big closeup of : gorillas and orangutans register fear . they mouth move constantly , quivering salivate : they eye , frighten , dart thie way and tha and they face - in they abject terror - grimace and contort into obscene image . strange , metallic sound , and sudden , intermittent flash of harsh light rake they face , momentarily blind they and add to they fear , so that the incessant gibber and grunt increase in volume . we whip pan from one to the other , and back again with hand - hold camera - oblique angle , occasional lens distortion , and mood lighting heighten the nightmarish quality of this sequence . zooming out still further we find that the half - craze animal be behind bare , cramped into what appear ( spacewise ) a totally inadequate wooden crate or cage - and a exceedingly unatable cage at that . it wobbles and tilt alarmingly , so that ita occupant , lose they balance , stumble and bump against one another slip and fall - in they pathetic effort to retain balance , they arm flail wildly and dangerously , so that without intend malice , they hit one another with numerow vicious punch . thies result in several ugly brawl of short . duration , ' but horrible bloodsh be not far away . that who have fall , trodden upon and kick aside , clutch and clew at that who be nearest in they effort . to regain they foot . and as panic mount , snarling turn to biting : angle from inside cage 4 } shoot through bar . as the cage sways and lunge downward , tilting first this way , then that - the gorillas and orangutans be hazy , fleeting blur in the f.g. as the : be toss first to thig side , and then to the other . through the bar of the cage , nothing cen be see except jet blackness ( the night ia truly moonless ) . wow - as the cage continue its plunge earthward - a sion tan be glimpse , ill-illuminated and hard to decipher . ¢cching in we just have time to discern what the sign say : pier 39 then it disappear out of the top of we frame . 27 angle from outside cage ko shoot upward as it descend . its destination ia a truck ; dimly ( and only partially ) reveal in the darkness : what 16 apparent , though , be that the cage will only just fit into the back of this vehicle . another angle 43 zooming through the blackness into a corner at the rear of the truck - we discover , crouch down low , caesar - look apprehensively up at : the cage descending ky its speed , size , and weight be highly alarming - especially to caesar . . just when it seem nothing can save caesar from be _ crush to death - he decide to make a last - second dash for it , and leap out the back of - the truck . but he nas leave it too late . halfway across the truck , caesar realize he cannot reach he objective ~ the bottom of the swiftly descend cege {is now but a few foot above he - and caesar do the only thing leave open to he . he hurl himself to the side , press himself flat against tne woodwork , stmultaneously , the cage fall with a sickening thump - its outer edge miss decapitate caesar by inch . tne hysterical occupant squeal and gibber , and in . this confine space the ruckus be chilling , with no waste of time at all , the tailgate of the truck be hoist into position . again the cage tremble and shake as the truck atarte upon its journey . gradually the grunt . squeal . and gibbertng subside - 8 the occupant become aware of caesar - and there be something about caesar which disturb they . s-spiciously , one at a time , they gather at the bar of lf cage , - no ‘3°€s peer curiously out at : 28 angle on caesar 45 press up against the side of the truck , and the cage . caesar slip he hand through the bar , pull back a bolt , then another , entera the cage , and rebolt it . at this moment . the truck now obviously travel at speed ( we never see outside and we follow its progress by the behavior of the cage ) hit a large bump . this throw the '' inmate '' off balance again -- all except caesar , who , of course , have hed the good sense to hang onto a bar , caesar 's face cannot help - albeit fleetingly - register @ modicum of contempt as he behold he companion , sprawling grotesquely on the floor , CUT to : ext . ape management ( communications , training , and 4&6 breeding CENTER ) - night ( irvine ) pan from sign indicate above - and zoom into the dark bowel of a reception area , situate beneath a prison - ~ like building , whose foundation consist of four giant pylon . a solitary sign - reception - be illuminate in the murky darkness : a tannoy announce : voice over tannoy shipment five - oh-seven - I - fore : Indonesia ex borneo now arrive at number two gate ... the back of a truck , as it reverse into a bay , come into aa the tailboard be suddenly let down with a startling clang , gibber , frighten ape ( save for caesar ) fil} we screen , and we ; CUT to : tnt . communications CENTER - ape management - night 47 ( studio ) a opaque , glass -soundproofed office busily manned by phone operator and messengers ~- they uniform be stark , #evere - like they voice : operator ( into mike ) shipment . five-oh-nine-a-for-africa ex french cameroon now arrive at fiumber four gate . CUT to : full shot - reception area 4e we close to : operator 2 ( into mike ) | after fingerprint , shipment five - oh-seven -l-tor-indonesia ex borneo will proceed direct to condition cage nine - oh . we see that the glass office be semi-cireled by 3 ape cage label : " gorillas " , '' orangutans " , " chimpanzee " . and the air be loud with the barking and gibbering of all three species . we close to : immigration barrier kg shipment 507 I - For-Indonesia be approach . 1 male and 2 female orangutan , follow by : caesar , as the orangutan be fingerprinted by a official ( under Police scrutiny ) - Operator 3 's voice continue : _ operator 3's voice . ( on p.a. ) Immigration personnel be remind that , from tonight and until further notice , Police have request one repeat one additional copy of all chimpanzee fingerprint for they file . caesar be fingerprinted , before allow himself to be lead docilely out of shot by handler 1 . official pass the set of print to policeman , who slip they into a bulky envelope , CUT to : ext./ int . conditioning area - close shot ~ a whoosh ! 50 op orange flame upurt ( as we pull back ) across and outside the bar of 'o cage label " FIRE conditioning " contain 3 orangutan who rush to crouch at the cage 's rear , where they squeal and gibber in panic . operator cut out the flame blast . keeper 1 offer . banana through cage bar ; and after hesitation orangutan 1 timidly advance halfway down the cont. 30 30 cont cage - and stop . another whoosh ! of flame from Operator 's nozzle , the other ape aqueal , gibber and cringe in cage 'a rear . orangutan 1 flincn . . . but stay put . and finally advance to accept the banana . one last whoosh ! the squealing have diminish in cage 's rear , and orangutan 2 tentatively detach himself and achteve the halfway mark . orangutan 1 have not budge from the front of the cage . he stretch a arm through the bar , and accept . . . a third banana . caesar , with handler 1 , cross screen in f.g. ; and to the louden sound of pop music in the late 1980' , we follow they to : " noise conditioning " cage 51 here music deafen and strobic light dazzle 3 chimpan : ece whose hand alternately cover they ear and eye -- lite monkey who will hear and see no evil . as the lighting . steady , a demonstration be arrange at cage - front , where young keeper 2 be seat at a small round table . to hin advance a train chimpanzee carry a Coke bottle witn etcetera on a tray . music reach a ear-aplintering peak , as he put e@ paper napkin on the table , set the Coke bottle on the napkin , open the bottle with a opener , insert a straw in the bottleneck , bow . . . and receive @ banana . Music and lighting cut out abruptly . | keeper 2 . okay ! again ! Music and strobic lighting re-start , as we pan caesar and handler 1 away towards : * no " cage - 2 gorillas 52 with head electrode , lie buckle to two hospital bed . we intercut keeper 3 throw a lever -switch eacn time @ wall - speaker blare : speaker no . fhe gorilla €o into spasm . speaker ( louder ) no ! . ' the bpesm worsen , speaker ( loudest ) ' Tre €or . 8s £ 2 inte convulsion . CUT to : 3 % caesar reacting 53 freeze to deadpan immobility . we pull back to include hendler 1 watch he , ag caesar watch : p.o.¥ , shot ~ " ho " cage 54 keeper 3 cut out power by throw lever -switch back to rero , and walk over to gorilla 1 , on whom he look down . keeper ( quietly ) no. though there be no power , the still recumbent gorilla 1 sutomatically simulate spasm . cur to : two shot - caesar and handler 1 55 caesar make a sudden angry movement towards the cage . ler i ( sharply ) no ! and to caesar 's eternal credit he , too , instantly simulate shock -spasm , which look ag though he be ... '' oring " , from inaide cage : next 's keeper 3 a pause , as handler 1 lock aprpraisingly at caesar . then : handler 1 {to keeper} skip it . he 's get the message . and handler 1 lead caesar forward . we 56 cur to : 32 int , outside '' chimpanzee '' cage - handler 1 and $ 7 keeper 4 shackling carsar' legs ~ night Three chimp inside the cage be noisily begging for food through the dar . keeper 4 they be a bit uppity . I have not feed then . handler 1 watch : p.o.v. shot - keeper 4 - piloting caesar into cage 58 where three ravenous chimp redouble they clamor for food . caesar , enter docilely , turn he back on thes and peer through bar at keepr 4 ( outside ) who , have lock the cage , proffer 4 banana to caesar . keeper 4 ( automatically ) that 's fer keepin ' quiet . as caesar accept banana , the shrieking chimp hurtle towards he from behind . caesar spin round over a : CUT to : big head - caesar - complete turn 59 ris gy glitter with etrange authority . instantly shrieking dwindle to silence , eas we : ' CUT to : revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/27/72 33 from caesar be p.0.v . ~- silent chimp 60 back away into the rear of cage , where they crouch and stare at . he as though hypnotize . CUT to : closeup - caesar 61 stare back . CUT to : P,0 , V. shot - chimp 62 two lower they eye . one hide he with he hand . CUT to : full shot - cage - caesar , chimp 63 he walk toward they , peel the banana . in front of they , he break 1t into three piece , givea one to each chimp . then he sit down among he own kind . angle on OPEN -mouthed keeper 4 64 camera pull back to include impressed handler 1 . — keeper 4 hey , do you see that ? close on caesar aaaa -~64 he atiffen , realize he may ‘have display too much intelligence . back to keeper 4 and handler 1 AAA - 64 a handler 1 watch he , a leader have arrive . giose on caesar aa - 64 , fe relax , look back at the other chimp . bap. civic CENTER - modern CITY . - night a- 64 elt up the gaunt , black edifice which house various @vernmental depar tment .. ouT b-64 - 108 CUT to : 34 int , state security office - interrogation a- 108 room - photo of cornelius ( from " escape " ) on desk top - night a man 's hand ( kolp 's ) scoops up the photo . pull back to show armando , he face grey and draw from lack of sleep , seat on a chair in the center of the cell - like , harshly - light room . hoskyn be also present . kolp hold up the photo before armando , kolp have you ever see this : ape before ? armando . ( weakly ) be not it ... cornelius ? _ hoskyns ( pounce ) I think you do not know he ? armando ( try to rally ) you tell I yourself . the talk ape that be murder -- kolp exectited . , , . hoskyn , with he other hand , shove the '' handout " picture of caesar riding he horse in the circus . efoskyns would you say there 's a resemblance ? armando no ... kolp ( hard ) like father , like son ? armando no ! I try to sound emphatic , but we see the beginning of terror in he eye , CUT to : 35 ext . ape management ( commubication , training , 109 and breeding center} ~ day ( irvine ) move past sign indicate above - and zoom out to show a impressive spectacle of ape be train in various task , quick cut a - 109 ape be train to put on they uniforma correctly . one male put he coat on back to front ; another do jikewlse with he trousers , so that the fly 18 at the back . a female put she head into the sleeve hole of she uniform , get she head stick , and blindly panic . ' the instructor . elway precede the correction of a error with a loud , firm " no ! " hygiene clss . ape line up behind a single wash besin whose faucet be foot-operate . above it be 4 paper towel container , and below that be a waste basket . ape wash and dry they hand , a8 we shall see later in they ' wash room " scene . one ape dry he handa first and then wash they . instructor . no ! row caesar correctly wash and dry he hand and face , and impress the instructor . wait -at - tadle class . a ape pour iced water from a huge pitcher jug into a glass ... and go on pour until the table be flood , instructor no ! caesar intervene and actually guide the ape 's hand ori the jug so that the glass ia correctly fill . inatructor feact , open-moauthed , cur to : parsing a sign pointing to : " night - watch ape b-109 train iag * & " sque " of trainee ape - include caesar - be line wis . * >.edrangle before a ultra-modern building of or lestony instructor . {to handler 1 } ivi. be the visitor and you play " " * vorplar , cant , 36 B - 109 cort handler 1 okay . shoot past caesar in f.g. 110 . as instructor approach '' house " in b.g. and be '' admit '' by 0.8. assistant . now handler 1 stealthily approach " house ; " and as he start to climb up the facade , caésar be after he in a flash . handler 1 reach top story and clamber through window , leave one leg momentarily dangle outside . '' caesar grasp the leg from which he hang . by hia right hand while produce , in he leave , a whistle which he repeatedly and triumphantly blow . handler 1 frees he leg from caesar , give he a encourage pat and a banana . CUT to : close on geneticist a- 110 he wear a white sterilize uniform , speak into 's microphone . geneticist attention train Control . four female have arrive for insemination ; three gorilla and one chimpanzee , please select four superior male -- three gorilla , one chimpanzee --~ and send they to the breeding annex immediately . he click off the microphone , moving shot - caesar and three gorillas 'b - 110 ' be '' march " down a '' open air " corridor . caesar @lance o.5. , smile , hesitates , caesar' p.o.v . - ape nursery C - 110 @ row of tiny crib be line up in front of a window . carsar d- 110 m@ilirg , tap on the window , try to attract . the ape batter ! attention , the handler prod he tolerantly . _ handler -- for " on , come on . dawae foim - . not S forward again , revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape '' - 1/31/72 37 another angle 112 , the ape turn into @ corridor that be flanke by weird - shape aperture . the ape line up in front of this '' apertures™ - and , prodd by they handler , disappear inside . angle on caesar ile as , om a prod from handler 1 , he enter he allot '' aperture '' , he stare 0.8. at something : blink , then shrug witn 's grin of resinanation , int , " OPEN AIR '' cell 113 the object of caesar 's '' attention be a ( to him} voluptuous female chimpanzer -- and she attitude make plain that she 's ready for festivity to begin , CUT to : int , ape management ~- communications CENTER . lia group of ape be '' process '' ( 1 ,e. fingerprint check , ecard file in computer ) before be transport to the city for auction . csesar amonyst they . we close to : operator 1 ( phone and jotting on pro forma} Far immediate salé ... one female orangutan . , .age seven. , . fully condition bedmaker grade a ... yes , ma'am , we have @ vacancy ...ve , you whil the credit after auction . ret . the ape mart ~ modern CITY - day li5 & auall semi-circular " arena " in front of the ultra-modern blope bullce , which temporarily '' house " that ape ho be to be auction . ta the '' arena ' be a rostrum and auctioneers and behind a ' shout barricade be the buyer and " gawker " , in the mmbsence we see mrs . riley and she servant , lisa , pere the 8 stir in the crowd as a prominent personage _ aleive with he entourage . we zoom in on a moving shot $f breck as he come through the crowd toward p roped - off ter near the rostrum . he smile genially , wave in f* pers oo tre applause , macdonald at he eloow , follow ee ee to breck 's hard - eye , but intelligent - look pewee svtkech assistant , cant . revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 38 l115 cont assistant 1 Mr. Governor , I have draft a statement for the manpower commigsion . yes ? breck yes ? assistant 1 oread from a | blip of paper} dear Mr. Chairman : while the admintetration {s in sympathy with you aim , the reinstatement of a three - hour work week be unlikely in the near future . 7 breck Change ' unlikely ! to ' tmpoasible 's ang send it out over my signature . Assistant 1 turn to go as Assistant 2 appear at breck 's elbow . assistant '' here 's the latest 1.9 . profile on &ll ape test within the tast four week , it 's rise by three and two-third point ... '' ' breck nannoy } show that to Mr. macdonald , he think I be imagine thing . Assistant 2 turn with a smug grin , start to hand the report to macdonald , who wave it back . macdonald {with a edge ) i assemble that data , Morgan , you summarize the wrong part . as a result , they work output have rise . {to breck , with a hard smile ) which I think the Governor might regard as good newa , firerk return th : : ul & smilie bleakly as Assistant 3 appear mi hla elbow . y pp cont . pr rr revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " ~ 1/2h /72 38-4 125 gont.1l assistant 3 Sir , we have just receive a rather discouraging report on the new eutomate sanitation plant -- breck ( wave the man aside} later , later . he come to a halt at the rope barrier , iook toward the rostrum . breck start the bid . the auctioneer nod . he wave a female chimpanzee forward , 39 int , dark step lead up to . daylight a- 115 caeser , he back to we + be blackly silhouett ageinst the outer glare . handler 1 make final adjustment to caesar 's uniform : then indicate to caesar that he should mount the step . ext . ape mart 'b - 115 caesar enter the " arena " follow at three pace ( a sign of confidence ) by handler 1 , who nonetheless carry leg shackle - by order . as caesar appear , the crowd immediatel , demonstrate its '' approval '' with murmurings - as when a speciaily rine two - year old be lead into the '' ring " at a racehorse auction . caesar , face the crowd , and look resplendent in he scarlet uniform , try valiantly to adjust he eye to the gl be , zoom past caesar and into breck who stare back at caesar - ' unblink . meanwhile : angle on gavel C - 115 as it thwacks day and we pull swiftly back to : auctioneer sold to Mr. and Mrs. Van thal ! the female chimpanzee be escort from the dais as the auctioneer pick up fresh specification sheet . auctioneer lot eight . one male chimpanzee ... handler 1 . touch caesar gently - and indicate the dais , which the female chimp have just vacate . I she pass caesar , she crane she neck to get a better ook at he : and for a fleeting moment caesar 's eye meet ' caesar pass the rail , behind which be the buyer , they be forward to get a better look : he be indeed a magnificen ! hm , noble , dignify , almost human in he bear . intercut : revised - " con uest of the planet of ' the ape " - 1/31/72 4o auctioneer and buyer with caesar and handler 116 parade past rail , during : auctioneer '' -- dn early prime and perfect physical condition . under . observation , appear so familiar , obedient , docile and intelligent with human that conditioning be not consider necessary , but can be provide on request , during this , caesar and handler 1 pass : angle on breck 1i7 who look at caesar , then at he programme - and back to caesar with grow interest and a hint of suspicion . breck's P,0 , V . - caesar 118 and handler 1 ; who , at foot of dais , trip , and put out a hand to break he fall , drop the leg shacky with a clank ! caesar quietly halt ; as quietly look back to see what have happen ; and , as handler J ] rise to dust himself down , hand he . back the leg shackle with a barely perceptible bow . on SOUND track : a louder murmur from o.s. crowd . CUT to : angle on breck 119 watch , poker - face . CUT to ; abgle on caesar a - 119 pecome aware of the crowd 's interest in he , they oe not vocal appreciation , realize ( perhaps just in time ) '' he have all but drop he guise of be a ordinar pe ~ albeit a highly - develop member of the spectes , wt still a spe . cont , " conquest of the planet of the ape " - revised - a-119 cont . inteliigently , he " slip " into a more normal ape " posture " ~ and instead of walk , head erect , up the atep of the dais , he shuffles a bit - and by the time he have reach the platform , he walk be a little more of a shamble , and he sag a trifle - nothing too obvious , nothing too sudden . but we , the audience , admire he cleverness ... ' CUT to : angle on lisa and mrs . riley b- 119 Lisa show great interest in caesar . 4 ) full shot ~ arena 120 caesar and : handler 1 stand stationary on the dais , while the auctioneer go into he '' spiel '' : auctioneer start at eight hundred dollar ... what be I bed for this superb specimen ? cur to ; crosscutting bidder , auctioneer and caesar 121 . bidder 1 ( instantly ) eight fifty . bidder 2 nine . . bidder 3 nine fifty . bidder 4 ( tensely ) one thousand . bidder 3 eleven hundred . bidder 2 eleven fifty . breck be watch caesar intently . ' bidder 4 twelve hundred . bidder 4 be a rich-looking ( and sour-look ) elderly gentieman in a wheelchair . auctioneer : go to the gentleman in the wheelchair and a very wise choice if I may say so , sir. go ... go ... '' wo shot - breck and macdonald : . a - 121 oreck turn to macdonald , whisper swiftly . breck euy he . — macdonald ( call out } Fifteen hundred . 42 b~-121 the crowd murmur . bidder 4 turn , look angrily at macdonald , wider angle o. the crowd auctioneer . Fifteen hundred bid by Mr , macdonald -- bidder 4 Fifteen hundred anda -- auctioneer ( persist firmly } ~.-for ... his excellency , Governor breck ?... ' macdonald neds . the auctioneer look politely -- but ' knowingly -- at bidder 4 , who have subside into sullen pilence . no one bid against the Governor , | auctioneer go , go , go . so1d to Mr , macdonaid for fifteen hundred . and the fall gavel strike : ' ext . civic CENTER - day c3223 zoom to a penthouse atop the high bulide in the complex . CUT to : ' int , breck's suite of office - day p-222 ' breck , seat at he desk , 18 signing papers , check memoranda place in front of he by he yarious assistant , apapp instruction over the intercom at he elbow . across the room macdonald be stand at the bar , caesar t he elbow . breck glance up to watch they as : closer shot - caesar and macdonald # - 121 mecdensld set a decanter of whiskey , a bottle of soda water , and two glass on the bar in front of caesar . macdonald {to caesar ) watch , eo seme whiskey into one of the glass , then squirte .. tu in , fill the glass about halfway up . macbdena ii + " , point at the second glass , cent . 43 £ - 121 cont macdonald do , caesar pick up the decanter , pour some whiskey into the glass , look up to see ; angle on breck p - 12 ) watch closely . breck turne to the last assistant at he agesk . breck that will be all , we can go over this report later . the assistant withdraw . angle on caesar g-121 aware that breck be watch he , put down the decanter , pick up the soda bottle , press down on the siphon , deliberately pill the glase to the top , and let the content overflow onto the bar . macdonald no , no , no } he cuff caesar on the hand , then toss a towel to he . . macdonald clean it up . clean . clean , wider angle h- ~ 1271 breck rise , come from behind he desk with a faintly yelieved smile on he face . caesar to mop the bar _ehumsily . - breck . it seem he 's not so bright after ali , macdonald no , {pause } but then brightness have never be encourage among slave . cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 4h h-121 cont . breck Mr. macdonald , stop be so touchy . we have all be slave at one time or another . I can trace my family back to breckland in Suffolk , England . we be slave , then . to the oddam french ... giance at . caesar ) they be animal , what they need 'a a firm hand . rub he nose in it . macdonald have start to empty a tray of ice cube into a silver bucket with match ice tong . one of breck 'a assistant enter during the last of breck 's previous speech , overhear and react to it . macdonald ( a smile ) — and risk have he develop a taste for scotch ? breck pick up the drink macdonald fix as a example for caesar , take a long swallow of it , stare at caesar . macdonald have select another empty glass , be demonstrate . to caesar how ice cube be drop into it , use the tong . breck ( whimsically ) . that might not be a bad idea . up to a point , alcohol have a tranquilize effect . ( a wry shake of the head ) no , I imagine they tolerance for whiskey , like they temper threshold , be dangerously low . assistant ( brightly ) if you feel the ape 's unsatisfactory , Mr. Governor , we can have he send back . for recondition . macdonald ( quick ) that be not necessary -- breck indée it be not , Mr. macdonald , but mot because of you sof't - heart reascn ( to Assistant , . anncy ) inet ! S always everyone 's first '' heveht . recondition they ! cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 45 h-121 cont.l macdonald have hand the tong to caesar , who , with study clumsiness , be try to lift a ice cube out of the. bucket , assistant Mr. Governor , I -- breck if we be to send every lousy ape that muff a assignment or disobey a order back to recondition -- ape management would become impossibly overcrowded ! angle on caesar I - 122 he look sharply at breck , transfix by a idea . the ice cube drop from the tong , skid across the bar , fall to the floor . back to group j- 121 as caesar bend down to retrieve the ice cube . assistant ( cow ) Sir , all I mean be it 's the only thing that seem to have any effect . macdonald it just make they worse . breck some of they could not be worse . I have be have a comprehensive list compile ... ( stop , look at . Assistant ) what be it you want ? assistant it 's time for you meeting with the Defense Council , breck — — say I will be along in a few minute . fae Assistant nod , go out , close the door behind he . macdonald Defense Council ? . | breck *€ 5 . I will tell you about it later . cont . 46 j-121 con ! macdonald have this anything to do with the list you just mention ? breck it have . do not worry , Mr , macdonald . you will be give full detail . {he suile at caesar , wave a sdmonitory finger at him} sa ... we be go to set a goad example and recondition you ourselves , he turn to macdonald . breck we have not name he yet . mr , macdonald no , Mr. breck . breck drink deeply . breck Mr , macdonald , I should like to maintain the charming tradition inaugurated in she lifetime by my wife ... we move ton bockshelf near the ber and peer up at : we 122 - 123 wo .¥. - insert - fine - focus on - two identically 124 volume titled " the meaning of name '' miieme 1 be subtity " male " ; volume ii , " female " , over this : breck's voice ( o.8. ) let he choose he own , CUT back to : '' IRS ackoss breck at bookshelf in F ,g , to 126 ad bar in bgg baal yee matzily at the subtitles but can not focus the , : diz sth bcok down for closer scrutiry . cont , revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " - 3/24/72 47 125 cont . breck oread } ' female . * . he put it aside on the bar and peer at volume I . breck oread } ' male , * another demonstration for caesar : breck open the book at random ; and , at random , stab a forefinger on the open page . he do this twice , while caesar attentively watch ; then close the book , hand it to caesar , and momentarily turn he back to replace the unwanted yolume ii on the shelf . during this few second caesar open the book at a early page , rapidly flip over several more page and {as breck turn again from the gheit to wath stabs he hairy forefinger on the open page . breck peer down over caesar 's shoulder . bre ( read } ' caesar . 's ( helding book nearer for smail print ) * a king .* . fhe eye of slave and master lock . then breck take the book , snap it shut . out a~125 , wo shot - carsar and macdonald b- 125 atare at each other in silence . a buzzer ia hear . tac 1d pick up the phone . weurr argle bb-125 macdonald {into phone ) yes ? ( to breck ) they be wait for you in the Council chamber . breck ; ( look at caesar} -etail he to the Command Post . cant . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 47-a bb -125 cont . he toss the book down , take one last look at caesar , go out . macdonald gesture at caesar . macdonald come . CUT to : series of shot - day bbb -125 show macdonald take caesar to the Command Post . macdonald , with caesar slightly behind he , come out of : civic CENTER - day bbbb - 125 as they walk down step to Square , caesar unthinkingly , gradually , abandon hie shuffle ape-like gait , and begin to walk upright , almost proudly , like a man . en route , they pass a few ape who take note of caesar . just as macdonald and caesar reach some step lead down to the Command Post , Aldo , carry 4 message , emerge from the underground stair , and see caesar . as he hesitates , a look - on Aldo 's part , one of puzzle respect - pass between they . . caesar note that macdonald be watch hin . be follow macdonald down the step to the Command post. 4b int . security office ~ night C - 125 armando , now verge on complete exhaustion , be lead in by a policeman , kolp rise from behind he desk . hoskyn stand nearby . both man be smile broadly . ' kolp we have good news for you , senor armando . . ( warmly ) sit down , _ ( to policeman ) that will be all . as the policeman leave , armando lower himself weakly into the chair . armando good news ? kolp | you be to be release . Inspector hoskyn and I have become convinced that you ape be not the child of the two . talk chimpanzee , armando you ~-- you have find he ? kolp no , but we be sure he will ] turn up eventually . I hope you will excuse the inconvenience we have cause you , but ... ( a apologetic gesture ) ee it be unavoidable . armando ( half rise ) then , .. I be free to go ? meekyn pick up a sheet of paper and pen from the desk , @retfer they to armando . . hoskyns ( smoothly ) as soon as you sign this swear declaration , — — | armando arat do it say ? cont. fie take document 49 c-325 cont . kolp only what you have be tell we all along . that you circus ape be incapable of human speech , and hes never to you knowledge uttere a aingle word , armando certainly . the pen , inscribe hig signature , hande the back to hoskyn . hoskyns . excellent . now we 'li check this with the aufhenticator and you can be on you way . . . armando anthenticator ? kolp purely a formality . sit where you be . it will n'e take a moment . he reach for a p&nel on he desk , flipa a awitch . the light dim . qutside , visible through the window , a few light window can be see in the highrise building across the plaza , kolp flip another switch , and two narrow beam . of viclet light shoot down from the celling , converge diagonally on armando 's head . armando what do ... the authenticator do ? kolp make people tell the truth , it 's quite painless , {quickly } for example , you say you firat hear the name cornelius in this office . be that true ? armando {in spite of himself } no , 50 close on armando o« 125 ferrify , he realize what he have just say , and that he 13 heipless to resist the power of the authenticater . kolp teang forward , hia face close to armando 's . kolp nunderstand } ! y} there , you see , you have hear it somewhere elise and just forget . tt 's not a damaging point . opick up the paper} wor , a& to you declaration under path that the circus ape be incapable of ruman speech - < armando , with a supreme effort , leap {o hia foot , out from between the converge ray of light . armando nof I will not submit to thia . hoskins you will , senor arnande . &rmando yéve do nothing wrong , you be treat I like a eriminal , kolp sit down ! armardo no , no w- kolp {to hoskyn ) } seize nin nyell } suara ! wekyn try to pin armendo 'ts arma , but the latter wrestle , tum to run . the door fly open and the policeman water . armando veer off , hesitates , and once again be pawce on from behind by hoskyna . as the two man struggie , policeman join in , try to get a hammerlack on $reanéo . ina frenzy , armando wrench loose , flung forward by the strength of he effort , he scream a pe wastes through the window . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " ~- 1/27/72 53 int , breck's command post - basement of civic r-125 CENTER - night the Command Post be the nerve center of the city . it have a paramilitary atmosphere , be a Intelligence head ~ guarter b38 well a8 & measage center . ape serve as messenger , filing red carda in red cabinet , blue in blue , et cetera , caesar be present , also Lisa { the female ape he firet notice in the bookstore ) . she be wear '' civilian defense arm band as be ali the ape work there . uniform guard stand at the door . communication specialist operate the various video-screen and computer ~ jike teletype machine . breck and macdonald watch tensely at a print - out come in over one of the machine . breck I know it ! that circus owner be lie ! angle on caesar p~125 at the word " circus owner '' he look up , startle . lise , atand nearby , note he reaction end be puzzle , caesar struggle to resume he impassive expression . t¥o shot - breck and macdonald ge125 etill read the print-out . macdonald but they insist he feil to he death accidentally -- ar eck . while try to escape ! he know he would be expose ! or carsah h - 125 hie Med , he realize that armando die try to he . Fighting for control , he weave siightly . wwach out , gently steady he . caesar look wtely into she eye , then turn , walk slowly out of . and Post . mer s8ot - breck and macdonald £- 125 urn awa from the machine , ajdress one of he ' tome . revised . '' conquest of the planet of the ape '' - 2/21/72 52 — I - 25 cont breck arrange for full distribution of the Achilles list immediately . copy to each police precinct include the perimeter stationa . detaiis be leave to the individual commander , but I want every epe on that list round up and deliver to the recondition center by oh-aix - hundred tomorrow morning . assistant yes , Mr. Governor . be they offense to be specify ? a _-breck violation of article four , paragraph nine . each of they be a dangerous threat to atate security . the Assistant node , hurry away . breck turn to macdonald , who 18 make no attempt to conceal he disapproval . breck the Achilles list , Mr. macdonald -- refer to we enemy 's Achilles ? heel -~ contain the name of every ape who have within the last year be report for a over act of disobedience . macdonald {hotly } the charge against they be nonsense ! breck . it 'il do for my purpose . they constitute the hard core ef we problem , and I be go to dreak they , once and for all , macdonald you will not break they , sir , you will only further aggravate the problem , this action be folly , and I wiah to protest it in the atrongest possibile term ! cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 52 - a t-125 cont for a moment . breck 's eye blaze in anger at the open insubordination . then the fire subside . he speak with quiet deliberation . ' breck very well , Mr. macdonald , you protest have be duly note . from now on , you have but one assignment -- to find that talk ape . breck turn , stride out , macdonald look after he in grow frustration . ext . STREET - night j- 125 caesar , break -heart , trudge aimlessly along the desert street . he glance up , realize he be in front of the close bookshop which he and armando visit on they first day in the city . then he eye stray to a trash . container near the curb . something familiar be stick out . of it , caesar cross , extract one of armando 's handout , look down at it . insert + handout k - 125 it read : '' armando 's Old . fashion Circus " -- and show caesar riding the horse . close - caesar l-125 as he look at the handout , he grief turn to rage . he rip the handout in two , stride away into the darkness . qut 126 - ~ no evise - conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 53 int , ape servant ' quarter - night 147 a bare , stone cellar with bar window through which moonlight filter as we pan a row of straw - stuff mattress where ape lie sleep -- some soundly , some restlessly , some silently , some with little nightmare squeal and whimper . there be also ... grunt , which louden as we pan past a neatly sweep heap of orange and banana peel ( we see the stack broom ) to ... Aldo and he cronies , squatting in a circle under a shaft or moonlight at the bed-row 's end . grunt , grunt , grunt . a eerie sound and a eerie sight , for they be confer . thev be in session . they be hold a meeting . grunt , erent , grunt . then , from nowhere , caesar step into the moonlight . caesar . Aldo . the #rurntine stop dead , as Aldo look up -- at first transfix and then transfigure . his eye have teheld he lord , CUT to : ext . chopping CENTER - day 148 cn the surface , the same nusy brightness as earlier -- excen® . 2s we watch , that little thing be go wrong . anc each time they do , caesar , move around in the area , be somewhere in shot -= " willing " the wrongdoer to misbehave . trus : . at outdoch cafe table 149 Lady 1 ( from scene I - 20 ) put a slim , pale green cigaret*e between she lip and wait for the gorilla , Frank , to might it . but Frank -- look at caesar , ( b.¢. ) who 46 loolin , , at he -- make no move with the lighter in he hand . lady 1 ( plaintively ) franki prank do not stir . Lady 1 not unkindly indicate and @ctually tap he lighter . Frank throw it on the table as front of she . . lady 1 ( gently ) bey , tte we nih cringe . he turn he tec ' ...to the sr " aston both of Lady 1 and : '' tort , revised ~ " conquest of the planet of the ape '' ~ 1/28/72 53 - a 1&9 cont. lady 2 Mr. Lee ! as the chinese proprietor bustles to they side . lady 1 we think Frank need recondition . CUT to : ext . bookstore a~14g Lisa , the pretty chimp , come out with a new book ( " Empress of Love " ) for she mistress ; but after walk only three pace she see caesar , stop , drop the book . 'walk on without it , cuT to : int . restaurant 150 foo early , yet , for clienta , the chimp busbey {who fle from the fiam crepe in scene 29 } be lay a table when he become aware ( tap , tap , tapi} of caesar look in from outside a window . they eye briefly meet . then the busboy snatch up two lethally serrate steak knife from he tray and surreptitiously pocket they . outside restaurant window - caesar 151 frome he marketing bag , he take a standard '' red cara '' shopping list ( see bookshop scene 21 } which he laya on the '' windowsill . then , with @ quick look leave and right , be furtively produce a pen from he pocket . mmarrt ~ '' red card '' 152 last item on the list already read : '' 1 doz. ateak %. cut " . caesar 's hend with pen enter shot and ately forges a additional item : " 1 gal. kerosene '' . this we overlap from next scene : female server' voice one sore cidek New York cut ... out 153 cur to ; 54 ext , public washroom passageway -. caesar 154 still carry bag and kerosene can , he pass the Men 's and woman 's room ( with they respective silhouettes above the door ) and turn under the ape silhouette to enter : int . ape washroom 155 so dimly light that , after the bright light of day , we can at first discern almost nothing ... except the now familiar sound of ( unfamillar ) orangutans grunt " in session " +- a practice that must be spread . the grunt stop , as caesar enter and deposit he marketing bag ( only ) beside & 5 mall white table and chair from which a female chimpanzee cleaner rise ( set aside she broom ) at he approach . he hand she the kerosene can ; and we pan she past a row of wash basin -- each with a single . push -button faucet -- to the dark rear of the washroom . here she thrust the can through the first of a row of sprung door . CUT to : tight closeup ~ cleaner' hand 156 set down kerosene . can ... beside six other identical can . as the door spring shut again : _ CUT to : caesar 157 seat at the cleaner 's table ( with a authority that almost transorm it into a General 's desk ) he receive , from the four line - up orangutan , they red card shopping mist -- to each of which ( have scrutinize it ) he add @ further , well - consider item . we move in closer to @&@eh successive card till we can read the fourth one , @riginally end : " collect repair colt .45 . " caesar @@4a : " 100 round ammo for above . " he dismissively @asture orangutan to they outdoor duty . $ mming . orangutans to exit 158 they cross with ( enter ) chimp -busboy , whom we back into shot with caesar . from he outer pocket proudly produce four steak knife ; and from inside waistband of he scarlet trousers -- with a assassin' eh : -- a immense butcher 's carver , caesar acknowl - a @ mit indicate : lam 159 wee e bo : berane be Rees from busboy and take they through eoste - scor , where she drop they into : 55 top shot - waste bin 160 fill with assort knife , carver and several meat sleavers , she exit lower frame in direction of o.8. table , as busboy {to the sound of flush } emerge from a further door . hygienically condition , he pause at a washbasin , run he hand under the press -button faucet and dry they above a foot-cperate electric drier . then , on he way out , he repass table where cleaner {with whom we stay ) now sit '' innocentiy " beside she broom , wo sign of caesar . the efficiently run arsenal have become , once more , a efficientiy run washroom , int , security office - a tubby finger 163 repeatediy flip a desktop intercom button , which urgently buzz-buzz-buzze . we pull back to reveal kolp still buzzing and hoskins precipitately enter , hoskyrs what 's this ~ a red alert ? . kolp ( complacent ) sort of . ape management Computer 's cough up a intrigue error . he pause - on purpose , hoskyns okay . intrigue I . kolp shipment five - oh-seven I - ~- for- Indonesia ex borneo comprise three orangutan and one chimpanzee . . hoskyns 8a ? kolp so there be no chimpanzee in borne . htercm buzze . kolp answer it : yes ? kolp e 87 operator' voice {fiiter ) 1 < a 'c seem to get through to ape management . all the line . be busy . font . 56 161 cont kolp keep try ! [ t 's urgent ! he flip off intercom . we 162 int . ape management reception opaque glass booth - 163 operator , assistant both overlap on phone which ring again the moment they hang up . assistant sorry , sir . the conditioning cage be full to capacity . we’ have no vacancy till Tuesday ... thank you , sir , : operator sorry , three - oh-nine , gur cage be full . we cannot accommodate new intake till after Tuesday 's auction , assistant no , ma'am , we be not buy . only s¢lling .. , yes , mafam . J have note he can arrange flower and peel potato , operator opick up a red phone ) head Office transportation ? branch eleven reception . please divert $ razil shipment five - oh -~- five to Galveston where there be vacancy for accommodation . we have none . assistant branch etevyen reception , ( suddenly alert } yes , sir . one moment , please . ( cover mouthpiece ) State Security . Chief Inspector kolp . line three , operator . ( punch button} fa , Inspector ? wes ( pause , to Assistant ) 7 - 78 I the Indonesian file for s35 ° month , be . 57 163 cont the. Assistant shove a circular file of plastic card in front of the Operator , who start riffling . through it . operator | yes , sir ... let 's see .... shipment five - oh-seven ex borneo ..... | ofind card ) yes , the chimpanzee be sell to . . ( faint surprise ) Governor breck . int . breck's suite - close on breck - night a- 163 there be a lock of half - admire astonishment on he face . breck good God ! we have have he under we nose all the time . camera draw back to reveal that kolp and hoskyn be present . kolp just. one thing , sir . I be quite willing to execute the ape immediately , on you verbal order alone -- breck you will have it in write , kolp . kolp thank you , sir . however , suppose he can talk , but will not ? '' breck : I do not . understand , - . hoskyns . what the Chief Inspector mean , Sir , be that there would still be — @ doubt . if he mouth stay shut , the case stay open . we would like to close the file . ' breck you. will , gentleman . 1 promise you , wea anar on the intercom , breck ( into intercom ae oe Mr. macdonald - in the Command Center , revised - 1/2/72 58 int . command : post - close on macdonald - night b-163 " conquest of the planet of the ape " - he pick up @ 4 phone . macdonald macdonald speak . ( pause ) yes , sir ? {pause , baffle ) you want I to turn caesar over to Inspector kolp ? ( with faint sarcasm ) be I to understand that he 's g on you Achilles list ? ( firmly ) no , sir , I be not question the order , but -- | {pause ) well ... he turn , glance over he shoulder . angle to reveal caesar well in the b.g. as macdonald turn back to the phone , we realize that caesar know he be be scrutinize , close on macdonald as : macdonald ( into. phone ) +..88 &@ matter of fact , I send he out on a errand . he should be back momentarily . ( pause . yes , sir . I will do just as you say . he put down the phone , turn to find caesar stand behind nim . they eye meet . macdonald hesitates for e moment , then reach into a desk drawer , pull out a pair of shackle , macdonald ( unhappily , with a gesture ) come . we start out of the Command Post , caesar at he heel . uwp . deserted passageway - night C - 163 ee rove slightly ahead of caesar into a long '' S " orritor that ' slope gently upward . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 59 ext . terrace - night CC - 163 kolp and hoskyn , accompany by two policemen , come out of a elevator , cross the terrace -- still high up in the building -- and step onto a descend escalator . int , another passageway - night d-163 macdonald and caesar move along a upward sloping ramp . ' escalator - night e-163 kolp , hoskyn , and the two policeman get off the escalator , cross the landing , step aboard another descend escalator . int , a third passageway - night p-163 as caesar and macdonald continue along another upward sloping ramp , breck 's voice be hear on a loudspeaker . breck's. voice ( filter ) Mr. macdonald , be you near a phone ? come in , come in . macdonald grimace , come to a stop at a wall rioune , .' nos it from the receiver . . macdonald yes , Mr. Governor ? breck's voice ( filter ) kolp and hoskyn be on they way down . be caesar back yet ? _ macdonald ( pause ) | not. yet , sir . I will keep a look out . breck's voice ( filter ) report to I as soon as he 's be hand . over to they . macdonald yes , sir . 4 at the phone , start to hang it up . b tannin ; - night g-163 , bar .. , 3*27 , and the two policeman alight from the fone , 1 % '' £ " to ator , cross a landing and start briskly " 2 stair , revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape '' - 1/24/72 60 int , third passageway - night h-163 macdonald turn from the phone , look at . caesar . macdonald ( with a helpless shrug ) a I wish there be some way we could communicate , so you would understand -- caesar ( quietly ) i. understand , Mr. macdonald , angle on macdonald I - 163 stare at caesar , thunderstruck . two . shot - caesar and macdonald j-163 caesar yes . I be the one they be look for . staircase - night k ~163 kolp , hoskyn and the two policeman continue they descent , int . third passageway - night l-163 yacdonald be still stare at caesar in astonishment . _ macdonald ( breathless ) | . I never believe it . I think you be a myth . . _ caesar . | I be not . but I will tell you something that be -- the belief that human be kind . plash CUT : woot of staircase - night m-163 mbap , hoskyn and the two policeman reach the bottom step , teat eicng a gently descend passageway similar to the ww yeeerr and macdonald be stand in . we toko fcsssgewway < night n-163 morr , , — " 4 ' - 7 ™ontly shake he head at caesar . ee , macdonald ' " yy - 2 e sar , there be some ~- cont . revised ~ '' conquest of the planet gf the ape " ~ 1/2k/72 61 8-163 cont . caesar a hendful . but not most of they . they will not be kind until we force they to . and we can not do that until wetre free . macdonald and how do you propose to gain you freedom ? caesar by the only mean leave to we , Rebellion . macdonald it 's doom to falinure , caesar ferhaps -~ this time . macdonald and the next . caesar maybe . macdonald but you will keep try ? caessr there will not tbe freedom until there 's power , Mr. macdonald . how else ean we achieve it ? donsid look into caesar 's eye for 4 long moment . then , t atill distantly , the approach echo of briak , mix atepa can be hear . macdonald gesture behind he , macdonald go ! hesitates , race back along the passageway , disappear @® corner , macdonald turn , listen as the footstep & few moment later , kolp , hoskyna and the man appear , kolp ah , Mr. macdonald . we have order from the Governor to take the ape , caesar , into custody . cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " ~ 1/24 61-a. macdonald I know . ( hold up shackle ) I have be look . for he . kolp he 's not in the Command Post ? macdonald no , kolp shoot a alarmed look at hoskyn . out 164 ext , washroom passage - caesar - night 165 he hurriedly pass the human washroom and enter he own . int . ape ' washroom 166 a " grunt session '' between orangutan and gorilla be in progress . caesar silence . they with a urgent gesture , then hunker down in the group 's center beside a patch of sawdust on the stone floor , and rapidly draw a sketch map in the sawdust . he be give he troops a order of the '' Day . he rise , point at the sketch , indicate with a grunt that the other should study it . they grunt affirm - atively , bend forward to look at the sketch , caesar turn , hurry out . &xt . washroom area - night 167 ' caesrr come outside , start away , then see a policeman es apparently on routine patrol -- some yard away . caesar calmly turn , start off in another direction ... and gee a second policeman . still calm , caesar make off in a third direction .. , and sight a third policeman . then , imaitaneocusly , they move toward he . realizing it be a sap , caesar try to dash by they . the three policemer : atie he to the ground . as kolp and hoskyn appear | mar @ shadowy passageway and watch in silence , caesar 's as anc foot be manacle . pan away to nearby terrace , — which macdonald be watch . mh> ape management - day ( irvine ) 168 mow ? pax - take in quick facet of the ape training , ; t then we bring into frame , in very big closeup : | r= 8s he be take into : 62 . int . ape management - ( communications CENTER ) - a-168 ( studio ) fhe air be loud with the grunt and the gibber of overcrowded afid in b.g . the apé become even more restless , anduagitate , as they see caesar : it be as if they sense that they leader be about to be remove . pan with kolp , hoskyn , e Guard , and caesar as they step . up to a glass booth - the fingerprint section : while cadsar have he fingerprint take , kolp move quickly across to @ small glass window and tap on 1t authorita - tively . kolp ( as window be flung up ) this be ' special . we want a ' not cage clear for about twenty minute , operator 1 ( at end of tether ) for cry out loud ! kolp he probably will . that 's why we want it clear . out b- 168 . 170 curt . to ; revised - '' conquest of the planet of the . ape " - 1/24/72 63 full shot - '' no " cage 171 . two policemen unshackle caesar , while a third policeman stand by ready to hold down caesar 's spread - eagle arm and leg so that keeper may flip a switch , which activate , int , " no " cage - close top shot - automatic clamp . 172 be apply to . caesar be wrist and ankle . zoom through glass panel to reveal macdonald and breck approach within watch range : caesar be . now pinion to the tabletop , where he lie in a white hospital robe , like a patient about to be operate on , aa the keeper step forward . to wire he for electrocution : CUT to ; two shot - macdonald and breck a- 172 look through the glass panel into the " no " cage . macdonald ( try to cover for himself ) I still do not understand why . he make a run for it . breck ( impatiently ) it 's simple enough , Mr. macdonald . the ape have intelligence . when : he learn he friend armando be dead , he assume the man have first betrayed he under torture . _. macdonald but we do not do that -- to human . Bout replying , breck look back into the cage . ihe keeper finish wiring caesar with head electrode , turn toward the glass panel . bon caesar aa - 172 roe just behind he , as caesar see macdonald stare . eee through the glass panel , establish also -- in meet 2 line of sight -- the control switch on the wall éulate 's the flow of current into the electrode . revised ~ " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 64 close - macdonald b- 172 1/24/72 gaze back at caesar , see the look of supplication in hia . eye . the cage C - 172 kolp nod to the keeper . . kolp now . the keeper advance the switch -- which caesar be now . watch -- and this time the wall speaker do not sav . t saya : speaker talk , caesar twist in pain and look back . imploringly at : close - macdonald D - 172 he wince in helpless anger . angle on keeper e- 17 ? he increase the current . speaker talk . caesar be convulsion worsen . once more he turn he pain - blind eye toward macdonald . mose - macdonald F - 172 rs face tighten in stubborn fury . his eye try to leh courage to caesar , as if say : " hang on , hang mr - breck g- 172 beepression be equally taut , but with a kind of wild pation . he nod to the keeper . breck more . h - 17° . # to look at the switch as the keeper shove it another notch . zoom in for : we 173 revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " ~ 1/28/72 65 big head - caesar 17 % uttering he firat cry . a long , loud , animal cry of pain from the gut . speaker talk ? . the cry from the thresh head become a roar . speaker talk ?! wider angle ~- caesar a- 174 he tear he eyea away from the switch to look straight at macdonald . caesar have pity ... a shout of elation go up from the man in the cage . , flash CUT to ; close ~ macdonald b-278 he give a sharp nod and -~ caesar C - 178 gasp in relief , have see it . flash CUT to : two shot - macdonald . and breck CC ~ 174 as macdonald look away , apparently sicken , breck turn fowerd he in triumph . breck well , there 's you proof ! my God , it 's incredible , but -- bonmld , he back to breck , be move down the corridor . peakiy wave breck off ... breck we have to know ! } '' macdonald D - 174 abe. shot . despite he feignedly unsteady gait , we see ae bt hie face tas a look of determination on it . hehind mito , ter make 's silent gesture of contempt-cum -regret '' # turn to look back through the glasa panel int os . macdonald , 's quick glance over he shoulder , '' sorner , start swiftly down a haliway . cont. revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 66 d- 174 con ( note : from now until the end of the sequence , unless otherwise specifically indicate , everytime we CUT away to macdonald , he will be hurry through the ape management complex : down corridor , through door , up staircase , past armed guard -- who always nod to he deferentially . ) " no " cage - mo , shot e-174 the keeper have return the switch to '' off '' . caesar , only half - conscious , be still gasp in agony . kolp look up at breck through the glass panel . kolp — wetre satisfied , Mr. Governor . breck flip on a '' talk - box " outside the " no " cage , speak into it . | breck _ | it 's amazing ! amazing ! make he say something else . ( pause ) . ask he . , .. if he 's .... . ( fascinate ) -. , capable of abstract . reason . kolp turn toward caesar . 7 kolp you hear the Governor . caesar ' p - 174 etare back in silent defiance . CcuUT to : mbacdonald g-174 e@eing through a doorway and up a flight of stair . CUT to : gg -174 . mum ohing down at caesar . kolp . answer ! a revised - '' conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 66 - a close - caesar h - 174 whose strength be return . his eye harden ; he slowly shake he head . CUT to : macdonald t- 174 move past recondition room . ' CUT to : " no " cage j-174 kolp look up through the glass panel at breck , indicate the control switch , and gesture at caesar . kolp we can always ' ' persuade ' he . close - breck k - 174 he look from kolp to caesar . CUT to : macdonald l- 174 move past a sign on the wall that read : power control . a guard smile sycophantically as macdonald pass he , pove toward a close door , CUT to : " mo " cage m- 174 breck stare down through the glass panel at caesar , then activate the " talk - box '' . . breck no . he can not help what he be . ( pause ) but .... look at : he .... it 's like see a deadly bacillus ... and know you have finally get it bottled up . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 66 - B int . power control room n- 174 macdonald enter the dark room , close the door behind he . he cross to a wall - size pane of glass -- a circuitry schematic -- on which pulsing , criss -crossing line of light be visible . a box of toggle -switch be attach to the glass pane . macdonald stare at the flash light - stripe -- flummox . then he glance down at the toggle -switch -- which be color-code .... out ) =—s_ :175 - ~~ a175 CUT to : " no " cage b-175 the keeper turn to kolp . keeper be that all ? kolp not quite . he open he briefcase , produce a impose document which he display for the keeper : kolp I have authority from the Governor for this animal to be destroy . keeper very well . I will notify the vet to inject he -- kolp | no , he 's wire for electrocution , be not he ? keeper . yes . kolp then electrocute he . reeper look up inquiringly at breck who 1s stare down fhrough the panel . breck nod . kolp now . meorer chrow switch to maximum , over a : angle on caesar - watching the switch 177 after a instant 's hesitation , he eye bulge , he back arch so steeply that the curve look anatomically impossible , we hold he , motionless , in this hideous position for five second . then : CUT to : angle on keeper 178 count another five second on he watch , before return the lever switch to zero , as : angle on caesar 179 he slump into limp and surely mortal immobility . keeper enter shot for a quick , preliminary glance at the body . keeper '' he 's dead . CUT to : power room - macdonald a+ 179 he flip a few toggle -switch . some line go dark , other light up . macdonald turn , hurry out of the room , slamm the door behind he . CUT to : master shot - " no " cage 180 kolp step over caesar 's fold scarlet uniform on the floor by the unlock cage door , and leave the cage , ext . corridor outside " no " cage a - 180 kelp join breck and they move along the corridor toward a intersect passageway . breck good work , Inspector . kolp ( a know smile ) what happen to you ... Mr. macdonald ? breck -' " . afraid he tender sensibility '' aaldnit =. cont. 67 a - 180 cont. revised = " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/24/72 he see macdonald stand just around the corner of the intersect passageway . breck ( half -smile ) } ah , there you be , macdonald ( stonily ) be it over ? breck ( not unkindly ) it 's over . let 's get back to work . he take macdonald by the arm . the three man move away along the corridor . we hold they recede , and : we 181 - 183 CUT to : master shot + cage ~ keeper , caesar 184 in quick succession : a , keeper disconnect the " dead " caesar from he @lectrode and clampa , B. caesar rise from the dead , knock keeper out and connect he up only ( since he victim be unconse fous } with the electrode . c. caesar throw lever switch to maximum . the restore current spectacularly induce the same arching of the back that caesar previously mimick . only this time it be for real . . DB . in the ensue ten second , caesar calmly pick up he scarlet uniform from the floor . arranging it carefully over one arm , he move back to the switch and cut off the current with he free hand . as keeper slump : E . caesar walk quietly out of a cage that be never lack anyway . it be a exit that bond might have be proud of . CUT to : ext . ape management ~ night - ( irvine ) a - ~ 184 zooming past a squad of ape ( do '' night training '' ) towards MAIN build ( communications CENTER ) . we get a fleeting impression that thinga be on the verge ef explode here toa ~ the trainee ape appear excessively @uli this evening - in some case , downrigh uncooperative ~ oie they trainers be have a tough time get through then , . ms we arrive at MAIN build : out 185 ~ 189 CUT to : ter. case ~ paxnine white -coated vet 1.90 be siack leather bag and extract stethoscope as sstrcactes and enter " Ho " «cage . vet -... . {cheerfulty ) ~ have come to certify , .. * os '' fem bag and react to : 69 p.0.v. flash - electrocuted keeper 191 glaze eye wide open between the head -electrode . we whip pan to lever ewitch at " off " and : CUT to : vet 192 close keeper 's eye . ( shake ) »..@ death . ( bawling over shoulder ) Security ! CUT to : int . ape management - conditioning area a~192 close shot : in rapid succession . very big tip of black finger press button . intercut ( almost subliminal flash ) - cell door b- 192 swinging back , slide open , etc. and ape emerge . ' zooming out we find caesar at the communicaticn 's C - 192 Control board - two operator lie batter on . the floor , another struggle weakly - hopelessly with @ grow mass of ape . " SHOCK " CUT to : wire hose aimed slap at US - the orange flame D - 192 @ppear to shoot right to we face . the ape be give they oppressor a dose of they @m '' fire treatment " , the building fill with smoke . earusron reign : and this effect 1s increase by the widity of the cut . of the keeper , trainers , and official , etc . , have 9 sotion what have '' nit '' they - they imagine fire have @n out , and that the ape be panic . Wat belief 1s heighten by the following announcement : p.a. system - ( o.s. ' a-tention all keeper and handlers ! as ] keeper and handlers ! attention ! out 193 - 70 close shot ~ caesar talk into p.a. system 195 caesar _ ( on p ,a. system ) we have fifty thousand dollar worth of ape in jeopardy . get they out of here ~- alive ! out 196 CUT to : int , ape management - the . evacuation 197 while some management personnel know the " truth " - that the ape have go berserk and be break out - a equally large number of keeper and handlers advance to unlock that cage that still hold captive ape , and they stream out to join they bolsterous brethren ! and while we know that two man can subdue a ape by shackle and / or injection - now the ape so outnumber they captor that the fight odd be at best one - against - one and at worst one - against -several . flame blaze in the cage : the ape cast nightmarish shadow as they " riot " - the air ia fill with human shout , and ape cry : quick scene 198 a . 6 . handler a snap one of two link handshackle on right wrist of orangutan , who swing the free leave - shackle and smashes it into handler 's face . handler B try to inject hypodermic into struggle chimp , who twist handler 's arm till he drop hypodermic into chinp 's wait free hand . chimp stab hypodermic into handler 's stomach . . a 6 - strong Security squad , aim sedative dart - gun , split up to cope with individual emergency : - squaddy 1 fire at a orangutan , who sage and slump . ~ squaddy 2 be about to fire dart - gun at a gorilla , who instantly hold he handler ( like a attica hostage ) protectively in front . of he . ~ flash of other be struggle ape observe the hostage-device ... and imitate it , until : 71 a Mass -movement start 199 as half - shackle ape , burnt ape , bleed ape and predominantly unscathed ape with human '' hostagee " surge forward into camera from cage now on fire in b.g. to public exit in f.g. -- smash glass booth and scatter assailant with swing shackle or flail fist en route . CUT to ; ext , ape management ~ ( irvine ) 200 the ape pour from the Main Building - in the darkness . they " form " be grotesque and terrifying . flashing light sweep across the ugly mass , who , milling in all possible direction , give a impression of be a far bigger " mass " than they really be ~ it would seem there be thousand of " rioting " , craze monster - and the sound which emanate from they be horrendous . we close to : - squad commander ( and assistant with walkie- talkie} as Commander try to appraise the situation : ' assistant they be panic ! commander ( light . 4 de '' ning ) like hell they be . God help we ... they be organize ! whip pan to the ape Mass : _ weazingly , they have get themselves into some kind of order - that . be to say , at least they be not go around and around in circle , or make off in all . direction eseiow , the bulk of the ape mass - with or without hostage - ferse forward , p be lead by caesar . x } they be go in the direction of the CITY . commander alert the City ! ee : brush contemptuously by , fling aside he no - ) sener ied hostage , and disappear into the now - empty pe epee oi ck- rake SOUND of the ape howling for wee eel oh = ant blood , | | a cont. 72 200 cont. as the SOUND subside - it mean the assault on the City 1s that much nearer ... finally ... silence ... int . command post - night a - 200 a atmosphere of tension . macdonald and breck be present , the latter attend by some of he assistant . liga be also visible . breck ( on. phone , sharply ) yes , Commander , I understand the situation . assemble as large a force as you can and follow they . ( hang up ) order full mobilization of all security force -- police , militia , and reserve defense unit . assistant yes , sir . breck . every entrance to the city must be cordon off immediately . assistant . be control method to include the . use of tear gas and sedation dart «-? -breck there will be but one control method : -- shoot to kill . out 201 - 205 CUT to : war . shopping CENTER ~ modern . CITY ~ night a - 205 riga cut we see street lamp and light in shop be extinguish . wmmroom passage ( outside ape washroom ) B - 205 . dery the nipee be : full re tpee mote instinctively '' aware '' of caesar 's imminent pum es. ety ) have form a human chain which stretche *¥ - acrroom and wind away into the darkness . of small , stealthy animal movement . cont. 73 b-205 cont. we watch - and follow - the kerosene can be pass from hairy hand - to-hand - to-hand . , CUT to : int . washroom C -205 female gorilla cleaner distribute arm to ape rioters line up in the gloom . knive and meat-cleaver to orangutan and chimp ; though the busboy reject a steak knife in favor of he treasure carver ; and to gorilla exclusively - revolver . ext . perimeter of civic CENTER d-205 at the chain 's end . the kerosene can accumulate on the sidewalk : they bearer be shadow : tilt up to the impressive , ultra-modernistic edifice - and ' zoom into a lighted window : int , studio - closzup +» tv announcer in mid - e-205 lewscast announcer . ..- and a small mix group of ape schedule for intensive re-condition have escepe from they quarter at ape management . until they have be . round up by the police all citizen be request to remain indoors . a further announcement will be make as soon as re-capture be effect . ditercut flash of : ext . modern CITY . people listen amd quietly drift off ... announcer ( as he 's hand — a sheet ) and here , I guess , it be . hr de look down at the news flash , he face blanch . announcer ape management be in the hand of the ape . many official be either dead or hold nos bbe and the main van of rioting ape ore , at this be nemrente . 74 ee -205 breck , macdonald and the other be watch the telecast , int , command post - night announcer ( greatly apprehensive ) +..- march on the City . it have be establish that the ape mob be under the ' command ! of a super - normally intelligent chimpanzee who have ... ( swallow ) .-. accuire the power of speech . breck spin angrily at macdonald . breck that idiot ! get out a retraction ' immediately . announce that the talk ape have be apprehend and put to death ! macdonald nod , turn away . quick shot of people evacuating street F - 205 leave they eerily desert ... and silent ... the. kind of silence that . precede a storm ... announcer's voice ( o.8 .} | this would suggest that the ape leader may be the chiid ( think to have be destroy ) cf the two talk chimpanzee , cornelius and Zira , who come to we from outer space twenty year ago . as such , he constitute a threat to the future of the whole human Race !... CUT to : mhz . modern CITY @- 205 #- CITY waiting , wait for something that have never aan place upon this planet before - pitch battle member of the Animal . Kingdom and the human Race . . price and firemen prepare for the come onslaught , wid ee frie cre desert street , to another - and another - megee '' os dein to pick up intermittent - but recognizable . _ " se. tay selong to the advance horde of ape : 75 intercut above with quick shot of caesar h - 205 lead he " troops . " into the City - strange and eerle since the curfew have drive all civilian life from the street - which be now totally desert . not so desert ! a police sniper ~ high up and conceal - line up he telescopic sight on : caesar - ever wary , ever alert as he move forward . now caesar be in the sniper 's sight : the trigger ia squeeze - and fire , a moment before , caesar , with that uncanny instinct for survival which be the gift of the animalistic breed , find the tall building ahead not to he like , and even as the bullet be eject , he step into the shadow - and the ape walk next to he be the victin . this arouse the ape mob to fury - and they begin run ... CUT to : intercut : police and firemen as they form a I - 205 '' suman barricade '' , sidewalk outside civic CENTER j=205 the SOUND of the '' approach Army " atir the ape wait here into action , they start to empty the can of kerosene .. '' gorilla ignites @ soak cloth at the head of the kerosene trail - and whoosh ! CUT to : oar. civic center k=205 the flame shoot up - it be the signal for the CITY ap join they " Brothers " in open revolt -- and combat . l-205 rrs " mob " ~ arouse to fury - run towards the of the eit * ue '' wave , they roll over {or crash through ) all , of y . ie . * mot lpe : m-205 he : . . a . : ~~. .. . . . . meow 9 ( heen = and a lighted torch throw into the CUT to : 76 low angle shot n-205 on wide lense - heighten the macabre and very frightening effect of caesar 's " mob " as they surge forward -- and the sound that . issue from they blood - craze throat be chilling in the extreme . int . bookstore - close shot - the burning of 206 the book as once to the book -bonfire of pre-war Nazi Germany , a entire cultural heritage be go up in crackle flame ; and scorched title from . ( respectively ) the Bible , milton , dreiser , audubon , spengler , darwin , Margaret Mitchell and Shakespeare spell out they doom - laden message . " revelation ,.. paradise lost.. , a american tragedy ... ( audubon' portrait of the bald eagle ) ... decline and fall of the west ... the theory of evolution , ..gone with the wind ... all' well that end well . CUT to : quick cut - shackle swung at store window 207 fnable : ' two orangutans to loot razor from a barber . a posse of gorillas to loot gun and ammunition from gunsmith , ext , civic CENTER . 208 blaze away in ( matte ) b.g . in mid f.g. ambulance men be first -aid burnt human and burnt ape , as rescue firemen come and go . '' unattend . CUT to : int . restaurant - busboy 209 agroitiy use the '' flambe " apparatus to set the place on ire . out 210 - 225 bwr . command post - night a-225 oh beciscan look vy 'a nho ‘ary ' nie . mtrecs . look up from a phone on which he be speak , * and macdonald . . assistant -. throlk report that the ape ici tréesen through the outer cordon . cs +ear " e unit be approach the plaza . cont. 77 a-225 cont breck ( raging ) | then why to hell do n*t I hear gunfire ? CUT to : riot squad vehicle and shielded police on foot 226 as they advance down avenue , between highrise bufiding , on : reverse shot - MAIN ape -mass 277 advance up avenue with knife , firebrand and {in the case of gorilla only ) not yet discernible revolver , for the classic pause as : master scene - both faction halt 228 and confront each other across fifty yard of no man 's land , then a gorilla step forward . and a grangutan . and another gorilla , riot squad Commander raise megaphone to he lip in a crucial attempt to avoid violence . commander no ? por perhaps two second the ripple of a communal condition : reflex instinctively hait the ape in they track . then intelligence conquer instinct and they break into a loud . wild , collective gibber , which resemble the laughter of mockery and precede a general advance . commander {without much hope} Home ! home ! @e the second '' Home ! '' , he duck as a rock hit he vehicle ; amd , under a rain of rock , Foot folice draw they riot @ticka as the main battle be join . close to : cut - the inefpficacy of riot stick 229 ~ the giant gorilla {whose head be way out of harm 's reach} have only to pick up policeman bodily , wrench axuy the shield and hug , mug , strangle , fling az ore '' feir assatiant to frequent unconaciousness 7 tat sal death . cont. 78 229 cont. B - the smaller but more viciously agile chimp , knife - armed , duck in under the stick - blow to pinion policeman 's arm in a clinch and lever themselves into reverse pdigay - back on they opponent ' shoulder ~-- between whose blade they lethally thrust they knife . C - meanwhile , as the gorilla crush and the chimp swarm , the orangutan methodically collect whatever the Foot Police casualty have drop -- pick up shield , riot stick , gas mask , helmet ; and unbuckle belt , some with and some without a still - holster gun . bedeck themselves with this effective accoutrement ( the gun will be redistribute to gorilla only ) the orangutan wade in to support they colleague -- many of whom have break through the decimate rank of the Foot Police and now face the more sinister challenge foreshadowed by : the line of armore vehicle ahead . 230 from one of this a roll hose be manhandle to a hydrant a block ahead of : out 231 caesar 232 clamber up the facade of a corner building to get a better view . CUT to : ' wand activate hydrant 233 CUT to : revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/26/72 79 water column . 234 ( audience should duck ! ) barely by-pass camera : CUT to : reverse shot - from behind hose operator 235 Water column hit lead ape who panic -- especially that bear thunderously pound policé shield -- and retreat through Police survivor , who scatter out of range to avénue 's either side . STREET corner facade - caesar 236 clamber down to the ground . he gesture toward . the shadow behind he . a dozen ape scuttle swiftly into sight and join he . the group be a wixture of revolver - armed gorillas and chimpanzee , include the busboy carry he carver . caesar look at they , place he finger to he lip . they all nod . then caesar reach out , touch the carver in the busboy 's hand . the busboy nod . caesar look around the corner and up the street toward the rear of the line of armored vehicle . then he. turn back to he commando group . caesar ( softly ) now. oe they dart silently into the main street , spread out like skirmisher , racing unsuspectedly toward the ermored vehicle from the rear . ore policeman a+236 . turna at the last moment , see they rush toward he , fire blindly . the fire be return by the gorilla . out 237 ‘@¥0 shot - caesar and . busboy 238 pan parallel with the line of still - active hose . wlabh closeup - commander 239 commander for God 's sake , they be armed ! CUT back to : 80 ' angle on police rho as they duck for cover on the sidewalk , caesar and the busbey rush past they , follow the line of hose . caesar opoint dawn} . now ! busboy hurl meat cleaver , which aplit hose in two . CUT to : shot zooming back from nozzle aly {whose water column have dwindle and failed} to reveal mystify nozzle Operator . he look back barely in time to see busboy withdraw he carver from the hose and dash off into the darkness at caesar 's heel , we angle down to : top shot - nozzle 242 merely dribble . CUT to : tight frontal closeup - megaphone 243 give the correct technical order for fire gas grenade . order continue behind : angle on caesar 244 re grimly react and wave he fast - move commande group inte a side alley . scatter shot follow then . gorilla lift they gun to shoot back . cabsar ( sharply ) hold you fire ! I wave then farther back into the shadow , look out merog the plaza . wiesan 's boy . - the plaza a~244 ®eze traveis to the building «hich house breck 's wt mar post . wt . fowand post ~ nicht B - 24u pree o- ia veyn cd pac bona la be watch a video monitor which *sy scan the plaza cutside . cont . g1 b-2464 cont. macdonald the shoot seem to have die down , breck {uncertainly } it may have turn they beck . behind they , some of the messenger ape who have become restive and unmanageable , be be discipline with truncheon by the guarda , ext . plaza ~ night ( {~ d&& the Police don gas mask . ccut to : angle on one orancutan 245 grotesquely mimick the Police be try to put a gas mask over he face , flash cut of : gas grenade 246 be tire at : reverse shot - ape 2 k ? only a few have mask ( most of they wear improperly} . the rest {as the fume spread ) stagger , double up and utter bark as hoarse as cough . cur to : angle on caesar 248 rocking out into the plaza and the cloud of tear gas fee across it . he turn to the member of he née group , wave for they attention , point at caesar waten ! be : deeply , hold he breath for a few second , @hele . he point to they . caesar ba ! he cts , mae . be ape inhale in unison with caesar , who then lift . tare eer selie they to : " hold it ! " they nod , he ? ite to follow hin , and dasn into the plaza , ®r tne tuilding that house the Command past . gut eu} . the plaza a-276 running , dodging , caesar and he commando group reach the safety of a entry ramp to the command post building . gunfire cut down one ape just before he reach the ramp . the assault on the command post - quick shot b-276 a . a guard | run up the ramp , fire at caesar , hit another ape , 1s fell by the busboy 's throw cleaver . they run forward over he body . B. another guard . outside a door , be strangt from behind by . the hairy finger of a ape . c. in the command post ~ lisa try to escape , be haul back , bludgeon unmercifully as a example . D. caesar | open a circult - control box , rip out the wire . E. the video -monitor screen | in the Command Post go black . pull back to show breck 's frighten face as he see this . f. caesar' group ; . cut down two more Guards at the entrance to the Command Post , and burst inside . G. a bloody fight ensues ; gun , knife , hand grenade . m , a guard about to bludgeon caesar from behind , be drop in he track by Lisa , who merely give he a lady - dike tap on the collarbone . caesar smile at she @pprovingly . she smile back . 4 , macdonald be borne to the ground by two craze gorilla , be save by caesar 's intercession . # . at the conclusion of the struggle - breck bleed , be drag , wild - eye , before caesar , wro look down at he . krevloey = ' vunquest of the planed of the ape " angle on breck a look of incredullty on he face . caesart breck caesar {mock bow} you servant . you creature . you animal . breck I see you die } caesar the King be dead . Long live the King ! tell I , breck , before you dle ~ how co we differ from the dog and cat that you and you kind use to love ? why aid you turn we from pet into slave ? uf c-276 breck scan the murderous face of ape gather for the «itl , and know that he hour hes come . breck ( quietly ) because you kind be once we ancestor . hecause man be bear of ape , and there 's still a ape curl up inside of every man . youfre the beast in we that we have to whip into submission . you be the savage that we need to shackle in chain . you taint we , caesar . you poison we gut . when we hate you , we be hat ... the dark side of ourselves . waeser 's eye blaze with anger . he gesture to some ape behing he , | caesar fake he ! wm ape rust forward to drag breck out . SHOCK CUT to : bwwelt.tioc5 srre into a human back fm Mo tg en . as '. : laying approva2 ; CUT pa ; 277 ' stirt tas be tear . over the sound of by a public square in ape - occupied shopping CENTER 278 breck , shackle hand and foot , strung up from # streetlight like a carcass from a butcher 's meathook , be be flogge by a ape . around they -~ bediam ! the street and walkway be litter with the dead body of ape and human . still struggle Police and militiamen , they arm and leg bound , be be drag by ape to a central assembly area where other truncheon - carry ape heat they merctiessly . every visible human be either gead or captive . the shattered Pet Memorial to visible . we = 279 - 28 ) cur tg : angle on caesar a - 281 gazing down from a parapet that overlook the orgy of violence in the square . below , the steady crack of the whip can be hear . macdonald , hand manacle , stand next to caesar . macdonald caesar , this be not how it be to be . caesar {coldly } in you view or mine ? macdonald violence prolong hate , and hate prolong vielence . by whet right be you spilling blood ? caesar by the slave 's right to punish he persecutor . mac donald {passtonately } caesar ! JI , a descendant of slave end savage , be ask you to snow humanity . | caesar ( 4e14ly spelling ; it out } ~ * 353 hot bear human . cont. 85 a - 28 } cont. macdonald I know . the child of the evolved ape ... | caesar -' whose child shall rule the earth . macdonald for better or for worse ? caesar do you think it could be worse ? macdonald and do you think this riot be go to win freedom for all you kind ? why , by tomorrow ~-- caesar ocutting in ) | by tomorrow it will be too iate ! if a small , mindlea insect ilike a Emperor moth can communicate with another over a distance of elghnty mile , can not you see Chat -- ~ macdgnald -- a Emperor ape might do slightly better ? caesar slightly ? what we have do today , every ape in the five continent of Earth wili de imitate tomorraw . macdobald with knife against gun ? with kerosene can against flame - thrower «- 7 caesar where 's there 's fire , there 's smoke . and in the smoke , from this day forward , my people will crouch and conspire and plot and plan against to inevitable day of man 's downfall : '' i day when you finally and self - '' se tructively turn you weapon sot '' 9.58 % you own kind . cont . revised - " conquest of the planet of the ape " - 1/27/72 86 a-281 cont ... caesar ( cont . ) ( with rise passion ) the day of the write in the sky , when you city lie bury under the radioactive rubble , and the sea have become a Dead Sea , and the land a wasteland , from which I shall lead my people out of they captivity ! and we shall build we own city , where there will be no place for human except to serve we own end . we shall find we own army ... we own religion ... we own dynasty . ( turn ) and that day be upon you -- now ! X out 282 - 290 reverse down angle 291 shoot from between caesar and macdonald into the square . below they the square explode in cry of stili unsurfeite4 vengeance as breck 's twitching body finally fall limp and motionless under the lash . the screeching of the angry ape grow louder as they lay about they with club and truncheon at the remain human in the square . zoom in on the ape ' dark , dement face in the glow of firelight . they eye gleam manically . the sound of they scream intensify , grow louder and louder , until 4t reach a peak ... and end in a abrupt blackout and silence . credit crawl mite letter on black screen . at the conclusion of it ... the end