" conspiracy Theory , " by Brian helgeland conspiracy theory a original screenplay by Brian helgeland September 12 , 1996 fade in : int . manhattan street - cab - day behind the wheel : jerry fletcher . flat - out handsome if not for he eye . someone rash , someone make a uninformed decision might call they crazy eye . he stop across from a apartment building , toot he horn . in doorway a woman and a man , a cynic , appear . Jerry smile as they kiss goodnight . a bit of desperate passion . she watch after he as he get in the cab . cynic luxembourg tower on 7th . int . cab Jerry nod , roll out . the cynic watch the door to 1257 close , then sigh . Jerry look at he in the rearview . jerry the sound of love . cynic Excuse I ? Jerry exhales a exaggerated sigh . jerry that 's love . cynic Love ? Love 's just a pretty way of say , ' I want to sleep with you ' . Love be bullshit . jerry I live on tip , so do not be offended , but you be a liar . I see you kiss . admit it , this be the street where love life . the cynic look back over he shoulder . down love street . as Jerry hang a right , the cynic face forward . jerry Love give you wing . it make you fly . I do not even call it love . I call it geronimo . cynic geronimo ? jerry geronimo . when you be really in love , you will jump . off the top of the Empire State . scream ' geronimo ' the whole way down . cynic but you will die . you will squash yourself . what 's the point ? jerry be not you listen , man ? Love give you wing . the cynic just smile , lean back . cynic she must be some girl . jerry I love she so bad . she just ... wreck I . I would die for she . another angle Jerry stop at a light . a road crew be at work ahead . a white strobe light warn motorist that they be here . cynic she feel the same about you ? Jerry can not take he eye off the stroke . as he blink . jerry I do not know . flash CUT to : subjective Pov look down as a man 's arm be strapped to the arm of a chair . the Pov jerking up as the same be do with the head . a kaleidoscope of flash light ahead , then darkness as eye be shut . they be force open . we see the reflection of blue eye in glass as they be tape open . as bright light strobe ... back to taxi Jerry stare at the light , transfix . jerry I never tell she . cynic why the hell not ? jerry I , uh , I have some problem . the traffic light glow green ; Jerry do not see it . the sound of conspiratorial whisper fill the taxi . flash CUT to : subjective Pov the content of a syringe pump into the strapped arm . the wall begin to melt . the whisper continue . garble , but they tone be perfectly clear . threaten . cabalistic . human form appear . stretched impossibly long , melting along with the wall . we close on the reflection of a dozen pair of the same tape - open eye . the whispering cut short . ominously . the eye dart from side - to-side as footstep approach . the eye suddenly widen in agony . as Jerry 's scream of pain become the blare of a horn , we find ourselves back in the ... taxi go about 60 mph . Jerry snap to just in time to avoid a head - on collision with a car come the other way . cynic be you crazy ?! jerry the guy come right at we ! cynic you turn up a one way street ! Jerry watch , in a sweat , as he pass a " one way " sign point the opposite way . he mutter to himself . jerry I be only go one way . cynic Drop I off here ! jerry look , I be sorry -- cynic just drop I off . another angle Jerry pull to the curb . the meter at $ 3.60 . the cynic slide a twenty through the slot and be out the door . Jerry watch over he shoulder as the cynic disappear down the street . Jerry rub he eye , try to regroup . jerry Love street ... ext . fifth avenue ( manhattan ) - night late . the cab roll , this time the right way . ahead , a well - dress man step off the curb , flag Jerry down . cab Jerry slow , stop . as the well - dress man start over , Jerry size he up . the man seem suddenly sinister . as he reach for the door , lock click down . Jerry gun the cab away . the confuse man stumble back , shout , apparently not a threat at all . ext . apartment build ( uptown ) - night headlights out , the cab pull up to the curb . int . cab - night Jerry glance at a light 2nd floor apartment window , then settles in with a bologna sandwich . about to take a bite , he pause , remove a slice of bologna . he regards it a beat , then carefully peel off the edge . Jerry hold the narrow case up against the glow of a streetlight , like it be encode . then something catch he eye . he trade the sandwich for binocular , focus on the window . binocular Pov - window liza sutton . in a Yale sweatshirt , stretch , earphone on . she force she head past she kneecap and hold it there . drive be the word to describe liza . when she sleep , she try to do it better than anyone else do . we can not hear she , but as she finish stretch , she sing along with the music on she headset . jerry captivate , he sigh -- the sound of love . then he get a idea . still watch , he fumble for the radio . turn it on , he scan radio station . binocular Pov - liza her lip do not match anything . counting crow . david bowie . the traffic report . a rap tune . jerry never take he eye off she , scan station for the elusive number . he find annie lennox sing " Blue Moon . " binocular Pov - liza lip in synch . that 's what she 's sing along with . jerry ( v.o. ) ( join in ) ' Blue moon , you see I stand alone ... ' intercut between they . " without a song in my heart , without a love of my own . Blue moon ... " in a weird way , it 's a duet . a sweet moment . then , liza stop . she get on a treadmill and crank it up . walk a few moment before she 's jogging , before she 's run . no easy pace here . liza get grim , crank up the speed and go hard . she 's punish herself . jerry his voice trail off as he watch . sad , he lower the binocular , do not want to watch she do this . throw the car in gear , he take a last look and drive away . ext . new york news - night a classic corner newsstand except that a river run down the street and over the curb . newspaper stack usually on the sidewalk be up on milk crate . the owner , flip tanner , cruise the sidewalk in a batter wheelchair . all sinew and tendon , flip be black , about 50 . he look to Jerry 's cab plow twin fountain as it approach . flip heave a stack of newspaper and magazine into he lap . he roll to meet Jerry at the curb , hand he the stack through the window . Jerry look down at the water . flip Water main . break all the way over on 40th Street and seventh . Subway 's a damn river . Jerry stare back over he shoulder at water gush out a manhole cover . flip watch he , smile . flip what be you think , Jerry ? jerry Water main usually go in the winter . it 's August 1st . flip tell you what . remind I of life in the Delta . jerry Mississippi ? flip Mekong , my friend , Mekong . jerry you know , flip , Vietnam War be fight because of a bet Howard Hughes lose to aristotle onasis . flip sure . and the two of them use my leg for a wishbone . nearly snap I in half . jerry I gotta go , flip . thanks . as Jerry drive away , flip smile , shake he head . ext . village brownstone - rooftop - night carry he magazine and newspaper , Jerry climb onto the roof from the fire escape . he deadpan a look back and forth . all seem clear . Jerry start across . coo as Jerry pass a pigeon coop . he step back , open the door . jerry it 's you choice , fella . as Jerry continue ... space between two rooftop as Jerry leap , pass directly over we . int . village brownstone - hallway - night Jerry enter by a window at the fire escape . apartment 202 . he check the seam between the door and case . the tip of a toothpick be just visible . assure , he unlock the door . as the toothpick drop , Jerry step inside . int . apartment 202 - live room - night stack with fill - to-burst file cabinet . on the wall , a silvery particle board . Jerry lock the door , balance a empty beer bottle upside down on the door knob . satisfied , Jerry enter the file labyrinth . as he move we flash on some of the label , some with not bad cartoon drawing . " George Bush , " " Delta 30 , " " Blue flood , " " sirhan2 . " Jerry turn the corner . " Nazis & nutrasweet , " " patti hearst , " and among many more : " MK ultra " which feature the silhouette of a man hold a handgun & " Council on foreign affair " with the C -f-a in heavily gothic lettering . kitchen - refrigerator lock . padlock chain run through steel ring bolt to the side . Jerry spin the combo-lock . before open , he pause to consider a set of magnetic poetry word on the fridge door . he arrange they , read : jerry the essential goddess death could chain bitter man , ( move word ) and crush the ugly moment ... like life pound egg . Jerry open the fridge to reveal ten padlock stainless steel container . he remove one label : " tapioca . " int . apartment 202 - jerry's bedroom - night carry a bowl of tapioca , Jerry enter . more file , a manual typewriter . on the wall , a american flag alongside a poster of John Lennon read : " assassinate 12/8/80 . " he stride to he desk and a ... publishing montage begins Jerry scan a New York Times spread on a draft table . he circle headline , name and date . do the same with the San Francisco Chronicle , Le monde , time , the Economist and popular mechanic . he enter raw data on 3 x5 card : space shuttle launch , base closing , escape from mental hospital and especially the obituary . specifically : " industrialist Ernest hariman drown . " Jerry flip through 100s of card on big rolodex as he cross-refence data . Jerry pull card , line they up . the first connection : the date of six Space shuttle launch and six earthquake all coincide . Jerry let out a low whistle . never too jade to be shocked . Jerry type the text of a article , cross out mistake . he handcrank copy off a old drum mimeograph . the hand draw logo : lip whisper into a ear . the title : " conspiracy Theory . " Jerry write out five label . address from across America . Jerry slap the label on the newsletter . ext . STREET the sun come up . Jerry drop the newsletter into a mailbox . he start across the street , then stop , look back with dread . he step back over , check the slot . everything go down . Jerry start away , then stop again . as he look back ... dissolve to : ext . justice department - NYC office - day Jerry pass through the metal detector . he stop to stare at the blindfolded status of justice . as a federal cop step over to join he . jerry smart girl . federal cop how 's that , sir ? jerry she 's get a blindfold on . federal cop do you have a appointment here , sir ? Jerry continue to stare . jerry depend on you definition ... int . justice department - outside conference room - day the morning meeting yet to begin . lawyer wait as , through the glass , treadmill girl liza sutton argue with brusque department head wilson . it 's a scream match , though on this side of the glass they voice be muffled thump . liza wave she arm . Wilson shake he head emphatically . as they continue to argue , a young lawyer arrive be show the rope by a older lawyer . older lawyer this be the conference room . we start 9 am sharp . usually . the argument in the conference room have get so vociferous , that people have stop pretend not to watch . young lawyer wow . how long till I can talk like that to Mr. Wilson ? older lawyer about a thousand year . that 's liza sutton . you hear of the federal judge ? Tom sutton ? assassinate a few year ago ? young lawyer by that cult leader who 's in prison , right ? ezekiel Walters . the one who blow up the citibank Building . older lawyer none of it ever prove . but sutton do deny ezekiel a writ of habea corpus . anyhow , liza be sutton 's daughter . a commotion down the hall . Jerry . the cop from downstairs and a second one try everything short of violence to usher he out . jerry I be a american and I demand to see liza sutton ! conference room Wilson and liza be nose - to-nose . through the glass , the head of every lawyer turn from they to Jerry . like deftly execute synchronize swim , liza and Wilson can not help but notice . Jerry . liza shake she head in despair . wilson ah , you psychotic be here . liza not today ... liza crouch down on the floor behind the chair . liza tell he I be on vacation . that I will not be back for two week . wilson I do not know if you be the best lawyer I have get or a high school sophomore . Wilson shake he head , exit . outside conference room as Jerry struggle with the guard who be definitely get more physical . wilson get he out of here . conference room liza peek out . they be hurt Jerry now . as liza sigh . outside conference room they drag Jerry back . liza appear . liza it 's okay ! let he go ! the guard hesitate . Wilson nod . as they let Jerry go ... liza Jerry , you be a restrain order wait to happen . int . justice department - liza' office - day in its own way as cluttere and overflow with file as Jerry 's apartment be . at she desk , liza watch Jerry pace . the door be intentionally open . liza 's secretary jill keep a protective eye from the outer office . liza I do not see the connection . jerry come on ! six major earthquake in the last three year ? the space shuttle in orbit for every one of they ? liza ( incredulous ) test some top secret seismic weapon . jerry not testing . use . nuke be passe . this be the weapon of the future . as liza exchange a look with Jill , Jerry pause to look at a frame photo on a credenza . liza , 20 , in full riding gear , gracefully jump a horse over a set of rail . liza I still do not see what it have to do with the President . jerry ( be : photo ) do you still ride ? liza not for year . jerry so why do you keep the picture up ? you wish you have not quit ? liza well , I -- Jerry , the point . get there . what do it have to do with the President ? it take he a moment to switch gear . setting down the picture , he pull out a map , unfold it on liza 's desk . a seismic survey map . he point as he talk . jerry the President 's in Europe . tomorrow he will be in Turkey . right along this fault line . they launch the space shuttle yesterday . liza motive ? jerry he 's cut funding for NASA . the milk cow of the aerospace industry . we be talk billion . motive enough ? liza NASA be go to kill the President of the United States with a earthquake . jerry ( nod ) not exactly the kind of thing a secret service agent can throw himself on top of . liza sigh . on another day , Jerry might have be welcome comic relief . not today . as she fold he map ... jerry you go to warn he ? liza I can not promise you anything . jerry you think I be crazy . liza I think you be different . jerry you know , to be ' normal ' and live in the 'real world , ' to swallow coca cola and eat kentucky fry Chicken , you have to be in a conspiracy against yourself . I can not lie to I , liza . and the more I strip through the sham , the crazier I look to people like you . can not you see that 's what they be count on ? ( a beat ) you want to go out sometime ? liza no . Jerry smile , look away , embarrassed in a appealingly boyish way . if he be not crazy , the answer might be yes . jerry I better get go . liza you do not have to burst in here every time , Jerry . just call and make a appointment . he nod , gather he map . halfway out , he look back . jerry what be you horse 's name ? liza johnny dancer . ( a beat ) you have be in my office ten time . how come you never ask I about that picture before ? jerry be wait till I know you better . johnny dancer , huh ? sound like a racehorse . Jerry head out . liza watch after he a beat as he go . ext . 40 th STREET and 7th avenue - day cordon off with cop redirecting traffic . a lake . Big diesel pump gush water into the gutter , and the sidewalk be sandbagge . all the same , water flow over Jerry 's sneaker as he flag down a pass public work guy . jerry hey , do not water main usually go in the winter ? d.p.w. guy summer , winter , all I know it it 's beaucoup overtime . something catch Jerry 's eye -- a tan sedan park inside the cordon . official U.S. government plate . as Jerry frown , two suit , clarke and piper , exit the subway kiosk , head to the sedan . Jerry watch , then head for he cab . CUT to : ext . federal build ( manhattan ) - day the sedan pull up , double park . as piper and Clark head inside , Jerry pull up across the street . int . federal build - lobby - day Jerry enter , watch Clark and piper get on the elevator for the 14th to 25th floor . as the door close , Jerry step to a podium with a directory of the building 's occupant . he drop a finger onto a list . floor 18 to 22 be occupy by : the Central Intelligence Agency . jerry spook . I know it . lobby surveillance camera Pov - jerry grainy black and white as Jerry exit . be he be watch ? ext . diner - day Jerry 's cab be reflect against the glass . through the window , we see Jerry at the counter . stand , he throw a few bill down and exit . Jerry reappear in reflection , stop short as piper be reflect on one side , Clark on the other . they grab Jerry . as he struggle Clark jam a air syringe against he neck . Jerry 's reflection go slack . as they drag he into he cab , a single old man at the counter look over , then back to he meatloaf as the yellow of the cab streak away . int . decrepit hospital room ( geronimo ) - jerry - day strapped to a chair in the middle of what look like a old hospital room . Jerry 's groggy , start to regain consciousness . as he come round , we hear footstep approaching from the hall . close on jerry two man enter . they may or may not be piper and Clark , but we only see they torso as they move back and forth . we hear a closet OPEN , equipment be dragge . Jerry know he 's righteously fuck . but he also know ... jerry I be right . be not I ? I be right . ( a beat ) what be I right about ? they do not seem to pay he any mind . jerry be you guy from NASA ? without warning , one of the figure grab Jerry 's head from behind , strap it to a slat he attaches to the back of the chair . Jerry struggle , but he head be immobilize . the second man go about taping Jerry 's eye open . jerry I be wrong ! I be wrong ! finish , they leave . Jerry struggle , then finally wait . a new set of footstep in the hall . Jerry 's eye follow someone into the room and across from he . Jerry frown . jerry do I know you ? jonas ( o.s. ) yes you do , Jerry . quite well . widen to include -- jonas stand opposite Jerry . genteel look , professorial . there 's something calm , oddly soothing about he . jonas have you ever be in a place from which hope have go ? all that 's leave be patience . everywhere . like a fog . a beat as jonas consider Jerry . jonas I be a very patient man . jerry that 's great . good for you . jonas who have you be talk to , Jerry ? who else know what you know ? jerry could you be a little more specific ? jonas do not answer . instead , he methodically load a syringe . Jerry watch with grave apprehension . jerry what 's that ? jonas lysergic acid diethylamide ... with a little kicker of my own . surely it must be come back to you by now ? there 's nowhere to go , but Jerry still try to go there as the needle descend . and then the plunge . jerry what do I know ?... jonas switch on a row of strobe light . they flash into Jerry 's face . in between they , on a screen , image . jerry's Pov a man on fire . Kennedy with the waiter on the floor in the ambassador . that guy in Vietnam be shot in the side of the head . rhesus monkey subject to direct brain stimulation . Reagan catch it under the armpit . a slaughterhouse . and intersperse between it all , a rather official - look photo of a middle - age man we will call Mr. S. then -- jonas be dance back and forth before Jerry . the strobe freeze he like some club from the ' 70 . room but jonas be not really dance . he 's directly across from Jerry -- profile - to-profile . jonas who else know what you know ? slack -jaw , Jerry do not answer . jonas hold a electrode to Jerry 's leg , touch a second to he side . Jerry arch back as current flow . jerry's Pov as the ceiling melt and drop in heavy glob around they . room jonas cut the flow . jonas who else know what you know ? Jerry 's only answer be the tear run down he cheek . jonas hit he again . Jerry jerk back so hard the chair snap right off the floor and topple over backwards . Jerry 's leave wrist and right leg burst through the strap which be hold they down . a wisp of smoke rise . jonas sigh . he look down at Jerry who moan , whisper ... jerry I will tell you ... jonas smile paternally , step over . Jerry 's mouth move , but we can not hear he . Mr. S flash on the screen . jonas ( crouching ) from you lip , to God 's ear . jerry's Pov as jonas lean in , he nose look enormous . room grabbing jonas ' shirt with he limited leave hand , Jerry use the only weapon he 's get . he bite jonas on the nose . blood pulse as Jerry 's tooth find a artery . howling , jonas try to scramble out of reach . Jerry kick he in the stomach with he free leg and then keep kick . it 's inarticulate , roughshod work , but he connect and jonas feel it and each new kick as a little more fury than the last . finally jonas roll away . Jerry half - crawl , half -rock he way to a crouch position . rising , he stagger into the window , the top of the chair smash through the glass . Jerry stare down to the ground below . jerry's Pov as the earth rise and fall like a wave . the distance down be impossible to gauge . room as jonas stagger to he foot , piper and Clark charge in . they move forward , but without warning , Jerry gather what balance he have and heave himself out the window . ext . side of build - day partially obscure by tree , Jerry do a half - gainer from exactly two storey above the ground . the chair back take the brunt of the landing . Wood splinter . room blood spurt between jonas ' finger . Clark and piper draw they gun and rush to the window ... ground slat of wood hang at he elbow and knee as Jerry reel across the lawn . room Clark and piper FIRE . jonas do not kill he ! get he ! as Clark and piper rush off ... ext . STREET - day Jerry slog , sink into asphalt up to he knee . a truck set a dumpster down on the street ahead . as it pull away , Jerry dash , grab hold of a handle on the rear . ext . STREET two - some block away - day we see the truck approach . as it turn right , the centrifugal force fling Jerry off the back and into the oncoming lane . several taxi slam on they brake to keep from run he over . all Jerry see be yellow . jerry I be one of you ! I be one of you ! as one driver lean out one window , shout at he in hindu . CUT to : int . justice - elevator - day ( end of day ) liza 's in the back next to , but not with , one of the lawyer see earlier . he seem nice enough . lawyer so , you do anything tonight ? liza ( heft briefcase ) work . lawyer hmm , how about tomorrow night ? liza work . lawyer night after that ? liza ( smile ) look , you be a nice guy , but I be not really dating right now . lawyer I be not that good at ' no , ' liza . liza too bad . because I be terrible at ' yes . ' int . justice department - lobby - day as the elevator door open , liza step into she worst nightmare . jerry ( o.s. ) liza sutton ! I need to see liza ! Jerry be be block by three federal cop . cop # 1 you do not leave now , you be under arrest . as Jerry spot she .... jerry liza ! this be it . they just try to kill I ! I do not know what I know , but it 's big ! they tangle he up , a few foot from he destination . liza can see that something , real or imagine , have happen . in the struggle , Jerry wrench free , take one of the cop ' .45 with he . he wave they off with it . jerry get back ! everyone freeze . stand -off city . liza easy , Jerry . easy . ( realize ) there 's blood on you shirt . indeed , blood be splatter across he chest . jerry I bit the bastard 's nose off . liza you bit someone 's nose off ? jerry yes ! do not let 's get into this thing where I have to repeat myself ! as one of the cop move to flank , Jerry aim the gun . jerry ( to cop ) it 's a man without a nose you want , you dumb complicit son of bitch ! ( to liza ) you have get to listen to I . liza put down the gun and I will take you statement . okay ? jerry you be the boss . just do not make I repeat myself . I hate that . liza see blood drip onto Jerry 's shoe . she look to where he clutches he side , blood ooze out . to he face . liza Jerry , you be bleed . Jerry take he hand from he side , look at the blood . jerry I do not even feel it till a few minute ago . as Jerry 's distract , one of the cop move in . he force Jerry 's gun hand up while the other two cop take he down . Jerry struggle till one jam a thumb into a pressure point in he neck . Jerry wince , collapse . jerry who be they ? I do not even know who they be . but it 's on the tip of my tongue . and Jerry start to sob . as cop one cuff he . liza one of you call a ambulance . a hesitation before one of they move to do so . liza push she way through the other two . liza ease off of he . they back off a step , keep he cover . Jerry continue to sob , desolate . and liza , despite herself , put a arm around he , do what she can to comfort . her life 's never go to be the same . int . roosevelt hospital - waiting area - night a definite inner city feel . liza stand out in she smart , stylish business suit . she sit in a plastic chair , try not to scream into she cell phone . liza I need the file tonight . have they send to my apartment . I do not give a rat 's ass what you be do ! hello ? damnit ! phone 's dead . sitting beside liza , fidgety in the early stage of withdrawal , be dolly , a 20 - year - old prostitute . dolly suck , huh ? liza do not even look over . dolly hold up a pager . dolly you should get one of this . then use a pay phone . cell phone can be trace . liza I be not do anything illegal . dolly look she over . dolly yeah . right . a bedraggle doctor enter , scan the wait face . doctor who 's here for Jerry fletcher ? liza ( stand ) I be . the Doctor step over . doctor he 's lucky . bullet pass clean through he side , do not touch anything vital . he lose some blood , but he should be fine . liza when can I talk to he ? doctor they be move he to the police ward . maybe in twenty minute . liza but -- the Doctor 's already on he way out . liza sit back down . dolly you be lucky . I have a boyfriend get shot in the stomach . now he take a dump through a plastic tube . I guess that 's life , huh ? liza reach into she day planner , pull out a crisp $ 100 bill , hold it out to dolly . liza it 's yours . just go sit someplace else . dolly look at she a beat . pluck the bill from liza 's fingertip , dolly get up and move . int . hospital - police ward - hallway - night a cop read the paper at the end of the hall . he barely look up as liza walk down , step into ... room 322 liza enter as a nurse inject a syringeful of " something " into Jerry 's iv . Jerry 's strapped to the bed . jerry what 's that ?! nurse something to help you sleep . jerry I do not want to sleep ! I want to be check out ! liza you be under arrest . Jerry look over at liza as the nurse exit . jerry what 's the charge ? liza you be there , Jerry . figure it out . he nod . be quiet a moment . liza if you could remember who shot you and where it happen , it might help . Jerry 's suddenly fight to keep he eye open . jerry what a day . wish I could tell you so it make sense . he try to sit up . she ease he back down . liza just relax . jerry switch the chart . liza what ? Jerry 's as serious as a guy about to pass out can be . jerry switch them . or I will be dead by morning . do not want to be dead . liza I will see you tomorrow . as Jerry ease back into the mattress . jerry would not bet on it . as liza start to go ... jerry hey ... ( as liza look back ) I can not control it . it 's just , something that happen . liza what be ? jerry Love . they look at each other a moment . then , as Jerry 's eye flutter . jerry switch them . a long sigh and Jerry 's out . liza start out , then stop , laugh at herself as she realize what she need to do . stepping over , she switch the chart at the foot of Jerry 's bed with that of he unconscious roommate . this guy 's handcuff to the bed frame . liza look at Jerry a beat , sigh , then exit . CUT to : ext . liza' apartment build - window - night back on the treadmill . liza practically sprint . her tooth grit . drive near collapse . like she 's punish herself . as we pull back , leave she to she demon ... dissolve to : int . hospital - police ward - hallway - day the next day . liza , arrive , stop short as a orderly flanke by a cop , wheel a sheet - cover body out of 322 . liza what happen ? cop guy come in with a gunshot wound , but he die of a heart attack . go figure . fearing the worst , liza pull back the sheet . it 's Jerry 's roommate . the guy who get Jerry 's chart . cop be you miss sutton ? liza look up , nod . cop they say send you downstairs . liza who ? cop the f.b.i. , the c.i.a . you name the initial and they be down there . liza any special reason ? cop all I know be , they say to send you and the body to the basement . they think the dead guy be Jerry . liza eye the door . liza I will be right down . int . hospital - room 322 - day Jerry sit in bed , one hand cuffed to the bed rail . liza people do have heart attack . jerry sure . you switch the chart , do not you ? liza do not answer . Jerry jubilant . this be big . jerry it 's okay . the guy trade bullet with some old man in a liquor store . he have it come . liza you expect I to believe what , that someone come in here last night . gave that guy ... something that stop he heart ? jerry you switch the chart ; you tell I . liza I get to get downstairs . the c.i.a. , they want to see you body . jerry really ? she nod . Jerry regards the cuff , then she . jerry I will not be here when you get back , but I will be in touch . and thanks . liza for what ? jerry you save my life . liza heart attack happen . liza exit . Jerry think , smile . he dip he hand into he oatmeal , smear it across he chin , onto he chest . int . hospital basement - day liza step off the elevator , be meet by agent lowry . darkly handsome , lowry be all business with a twinkly in he eye . lowry Ms. sutton ? agent lowry , f.b.i. they shake hand . both impressed with each other . lowry we be wait for jurisdictional problem to be clear up . this guy fletcher 's something else . liza tell I about it . lowry while we walk . ( they move briskly ) D.C. police want he for assault . secret service for counterfeit and we be tracking he on a string of bank robbery . no one know what the c.i.a. want he for . liza wait -- operating theater lowry enter ahead of she . the body be here . all back be to lowry and liza . Wilson from justice look back over he shoulder . the other five be CIA . one man stand a bit apart . lowry point he out , whisper into liza 's ear . lowry guy 's a c.i.a. shrink . here to i.d. fletcher . they know each other somehow . liza you do not understand -- lowry shush she . the sheet be pull away to reveal Jerry 's roommate . his back still to we , the CIA psychiatrist be not happy . psychiatrist this be not he . wilson ( turn ) liza ? the psychiatrist take the chart from the foot of the bed . liza I be try to tell , um , Jerry , I mean fletcher , he 's -- liza stop short as the psychiatrist turn around . his nose be bandage . his eye look right through she . it 's jonas ! Jerry 's man with no nose . jonas ( psychiatrist ) he 's what ? int . hospital - room 322 - day cover in oatmeal , Jerry clutches he chest , groan . Three nurse , two orderly and a intern surround he . intern he 's have a heart attack ! the intern tug on the handcuff . intern where 's that goddamn cop ?! ( give up ) get a crash cart in here ! jerry no ! get I to the crash cart ! int . hospital elevator - day liza , jonas , lowry , Wilson and the CIA agent get into the elevator . liza can not take she eye off jonas 's nose . he look over at she . it 's unnerve . liza can I ask you something ? jonas a dog bit it . liza Excuse I ? jonas you be go to ask about my nose . the poor animal be slate to be destroy today . liza and you feel bad for it ? jonas it be my dog . let I ask you a question . how long have you be acquainted with Jerry ? int . hallway - outside room 322 - day a crash . the intern stagger back out the door and into the wall . Jerry exit -- wear a johnny which flap as he dash down the hall . bounce along behind he be the bed 's side rail which he 's still cuffed to . int . 3rd floor hallway - elevator - day Jerry pound on the down button . ping ! the door on the middle elevator open to reveal liza , jonas , et al ... they spot Jerry the same moment he spot they . Jerry drive the rail into one agent 's gut , staggering he . the second agent try to exit catch the rail in the tooth . the elevator door close . elevator lowry reach for the control panel . but he 's too late . as the elevator start up , lowry slap the emergency stop . then they pull the door open . the various agent climb out , step down to the 3rd floor hallway below . Jerry be nowhere in sight . but from the hallway to the right of the elevator , a shout and a crash . everyone head that way . nurse ' station a nurse stand over a upend med-cart . she look up at liza and the suit charge around the corner . point . pill crunch under they foot as they take off in pursuit . hallway two Jerry pull a chair cover , hop up and punch a ceiling panel loose . then he continue down the hall . the gang round the corner , stop short at the chair and panel . jonas motion two agent up . jonas the rest of you go room to room ! I want dog ! I want motion detector ! I want heat sensor ! as jonas move off , lowry mutter to liza . lowry be this guy a psychiatrist or a field agent ? hallway three a row of bed against the wall . a orderly dump a load of laundry down a laundry chute . he leave . Jerry exit a bathroom , head over . gripping the lip of the chute , he 's just swing a leg inside when the room cop appear around the corner , gun draw . cop put you foot down . jerry if you know what really happen to serpico , you would be do everything you could to help I out . cop ( close ) put you damn foot down . oblige , Jerry swing he leg back over . but he set he heel on a laundry cart , shove it hard into the cop . it give Jerry a chance to swing the bed rail into the cop whose gun skitter away as he tumble back . Jerry try again to jump down the laundry chute , but the cop be there , grapples with he . Jerry finally head - butt he . as the cop fall back , release Jerry , Jerry fall down the chute . he jerk to a stop as the bed rail form a crossbar over the mouth of the chute . laundry chute Jerry dangle from he wrist . that hurt . jam he back against one side of the chute , he foot against the other , he inch he way up . as he grip the edge to get out , a face loom ! liza . Jerry lose he grip again , drop , jerk to another joint - wrenching stop . hallway three liza stand beside the semi-conscious cop , look down at Jerry . he look up at she . at she mercy . liza he say a dog bit he nose . jerry arf ... you gotta help I . liza I can not promise you anything . liza turn , hear people coming she way . decide , she take the key ring from the cop 's belt , find the handcuff key . she slide it into the cuff on Jerry 's wrist . they share a long look . click . Jerry drop . liza 's leave hold the rail . she turn , see the bed by the wall . laundry room Jerry land hard in a hamper . hallway three liza tend to the cop ( return he key , pocket the cuff ) as lowry and jonas turn the corner . lowry which way do he go ? liza I do not know . do not see he . as the cop start to sit up groggily . lowry no way we can shut a place this size down quick enough . jonas you have a half - naked man chain to a bed rail . just cover the exit . lowry nod , head out . liza follow . liza I will come with . jonas look over at the lone bed rail , then across at the laundry chute . finally at liza 's retreate back . jonas you . liza stop , look back . jonas crook a finger at she . jonas keep I company . int . hospital - laundry room - day Jerry the doctor . in he scrub , pull on a paper hair net . int . hospital exit - day two cop on watch at the exit . Three tired intern on the way out when Jerry join they . just one of the guy . jerry do you see that spleen ? I never see a spleen like that ever . the cop do not give they a second look as they exit . ext . hospital - day odd look from the intern , but Jerry 's home free . jerry it be unbespleenable ! int . hospital cafeteria - day jonas dip a tea bag , stare across at liza who grind out a cigarette in a overflow ashtray . he watch as she go for she pack , realize that be she last butt . jonas so he think NASA be plotting to kill the President ? liza you already ask I that . why do you insist on make I repeat myself ? jonas and you have no idea where he life ? liza you have ask I that one three time . jonas here 's a fresh one . why you ? you colleague Mr. Wilson say Jerry will not speak to anyone else . that seem oddly possessive behavior to I . liza I be sorry . what be the question again ? jonas why you ? liza honestly ? I think he have a crush on I . jonas a charming term . now , why he ? liza Excuse I ? jonas Jerry 's visit to you office . why do you tolerate they ? why he ? liza a year ago I be leave work late one night . two guy try to mug I . it be horrible . Jerry come out of nowhere . to my rescue . then he start come to see I . ( smile ) could have be a storybook if he be not crazy . at first I do my beat to avoid he . but there 's something inside Jerry and ... ( shrug ) Jerry make I see it . he make I see he . that make sense ? jonas nod . as he tend to he tea , liza notice he wear a Harvard alumnus ring . liza you go to Harvard ? jonas nod . liza gesture toward the ring . liza May I ? jonas offer he hand so she can get a closer look : three open book with the letter ve-ri - tas . liza veritas . Truth . what be it they say about truth ? jonas the truth shall make you free . liza that 's it . ( release he hand ) I go to Yale . I hope you will not hold that against I . jonas only on the football field . that 's as charming as jonas get . the sparring continue . liza I do not know the c.i.a. have psychiatrist . jonas we be very specialize . liza Brain wash , mind control , that sort of thing ? jonas re-educate train killer in the way of polite society . make sure the man who have go over the edge will not hurt anyone . that sort of thing . jonas take a sip of tea , watch she over the rim . int . hospital - room 322 - day a cop at the door . liza flash she id , enter . she head to the nightstand , open it . there 's a key ring , a pack of gum and a wear paperback copy of catcher in the Rye with the familiar crimson and gold cover . liza flip through it . certain passage be highlight , other black out . lowry ( o.s. ) catcher in the Rye ? liza look up as agent lowry enter . lowry that 's the book hinkley have on he when he shot Reagan . liza I be just think that . cop ( lean in ) you remember that arab guy who shot the rabbi a few year back ? ( as they look over ) I be one of the arrest officer . he have a copy of the goddamn thing too . ( smile ) you know that expression , it must be the water . well , maybe it 's the book . as the cop laugh it up , lowry and liza exchange a look . lowry thanks for you input , officer . the cop shrug , exit . lowry pick up the key and gum . lowry gum , key and a book . ( check key ) car ... maybe apartment ... this be a odd one . of the three key , one be long and narrow . liza Safety deposit box . as lowry nod , three of jonas ' CIA suit enter . as one confiscate the gum and book , another hold he hand out for the key . lowry give they over . as they exit ... lowry you be welcome ! ( shrug to liza ) spook . so , you want to compare note on this guy . liza no . not yet . something catch liza 's eye . she step to the nightstand . a word be scratch into the side by the bed . geronimo . lowry pick a fork off the floor . just the right size . lowry geronimo ? what 's that ? dissolve to : ext . hospital - early evening liza exit , start for the street . a long day . she fish a small tape recorder from she briefcase , switch it on . liza Jerry fletcher . apparently , a major desperado . subject of a multi-jurisdictional task force manhunt ... I do not buy it . he might be nut , but there 's something ... good about he . liza suddenly react in shock to something ahead . liza no ! liza dash forward . we see she car at the curb -- a BMW sedan . a traffic control officer have just finish shove a ticket under the wiper . liza arrive shouting , as they roll away . liza grab the ticket , piss , frustrated . but after a moment , she get in the car . int . BMW - STREET - early evening she get in grumble , start the engine . as six fan - out parking ticket rise from the back seat behind she , she spot they in the rearview . liza jump , she grip on the steering wheel the only thing keep she from hit she head on the roof . jerry ( o.s. ) they have be come all day . nothing I could do about it . as she recover ... liza how would you know this be my car ? jerry he lie across the back seat , stare up . jerry lucky guess ... um , I would feel a lot less naked if we could get outta here . liza ( o.s. ) do not tell I you be naked back there . jerry figure of speech . could we go ? BMW liza take the ticket . decide , she hit the gas , start through the intersection . jerry what take so long ? you be in there all day . liza that 's how long it take to turn a hospital inside out . a lot of people be after you , Jerry . jerry Dead or alive , they will stick I in there with oswald . another lunatic act alone , liza oswald be a assassin . you be not a assassin , be you , Jerry ? jerry if you be worried about the President , call and warn he about the Space shuttle . liza right . sit up so I can see you . jerry uh uh , do not want they to see I . liza they who ? jerry Change lane . then watch you rearview . liza do so . look in the mirror , a set of headlight , maybe three car back , move as well . liza frown , turn leave , eye on the mirror . a beat and the car follow she . jerry flat , wraparound headlight ? liza yeah . jerry Crown Victoria . f.b.i. car . a legitimate tail . liza as oppose to ? jerry people more serious about they work . you know how to drive this thing or do you just like look good in it ? liza you mean I should speed up and try and lose they ? jerry yes . liza that 's how a man would do it . I be not a man . jerry I notice . liza stop in the middle of the street . Jerry stay low . jerry what be you do ? STREET the Crown Victoria have slowed considerably . liza stick she arm out of the window of the BMW , motion it forward . crown victoria lowry at the wheel . know he 's be make . no use try to get out of it now . shake he head , he roll forward . STREET lowry pull up alongside liza . can not see Jerry in back . liza agent lowry . lowry ( shrug ; sheepish ) be not my idea . liza jonas ? lowry it 's he show for now . look , you want to get some dinner ? inter - Agency cooperation and all ? jerry in the back . he do not like the sound of that . int . / ext . BMW / crown victoria liza smile , but be not bite . liza when I be ready to compare note , I will let you know . lowry you call . have a good night . lowry put it in gear and take off . relieved , Jerry sit up , watch the taillight fade away . liza see ? be not that a lot easier than squealing tire and knock over trash can ? jerry nothing be easy . liza how long have we know each other , Jerry ? jerry six month . eleven day . liza till today , I have not believe a word . now , I be curious . six month , eleven day . I be go to give you one more hour to impress I . where to ? ext . new york news - night flip watch from he wheelchair as the BMW pull up . it take he a minute to recognize ... flip Jerry ? you do not show last night . first time ever . have I worried , boy . jerry sorry , flip. ( be : liza ) get sidetracked . flip glance at liza , think he understand . as he wink at Jerry , liza roll she eye to the heaven . flip retrieve a double stack of newspaper and magazine . flip save you last night 's , too . jerry flip be a hero in Vietnam . flip sure be . pound the v.c. for this Greek cat name ari onasis . flip smile as he wheel back over . he like Jerry . int . restaurant - night Jerry and liza by the window . Jerry hand she the front page of the New York Times . as Jerry scarf bread ... jerry just look at it . ten second and you will be scared out of you mind . as liza scan the paper , a waiter set a small salad in front of she and a big bowl of spaghetti and sausage in front of Jerry . he dig in like a five - year-old . jerry ( be : salad ) you work all day for that ? lettuce , tomato , no dress . that 's what , you be punish yourself , right ? she look up . a odd beat . be Jerry on to something ? liza you have the right to ask I certain personal question ? jerry ( slurp noodle ) yeah . I think so . liza hand he back the paper . liza nothing scary there . sorry . jerry oh , well , maybe to the untrained eye. ( scan it ) hmm ... ahh ... ( raise eyebrow ) ooooo ... liza wait as Jerry spread out the paper . jerry more about life on Mars . from a rock they find on the South pole . explain that one to I . but maybe we should go to Mars and find out ? how much do you think that 's go to cost ? liza what be it with you and the space program ? jerry and look here . cease fire in chechenia . that 's good for the bank who leat the government money , but bad for the guy sell they weapon . ( scan article ) listen to this , some gas company in Colorado . they researcher have be block from testing a fuel additive . they have accuse the e.p.a. of , quote , ' turn a blind eye to the future . ' Jerry grab a dollar bill from the tip of the adjacent table . he turn it over , point out the " eye " above the pyramid . jerry well that 's the eye right there . money . and all the power and misery it bring with it . it 's a plot to take over the world . the master conspiracy . can take a lifetime to pull off . liza do they have a secret handshake ? Jerry take she hand . he shake it , employ various complex machination . finish , he regards she intently . liza that 's it ? jerry I have no idea . she laugh . he get she that time . but after a beat ... liza so why be they after you ? jerry I be not sure . I think I figure something out . ( lower voice ) it must have be in my newsletter . liza what newsletter ? Jerry cross he lip with he finger , shush she . he motion she forward so he can whisper . she lean in . at that moment -- a gunshot ! in one motion , Jerry stand , throw he chair through the plate glass window . as glass rain down , he 's already get one foot out on the sidewalk . he reach back for liza . jerry come on ! then Jerry see the waiter , stand nearby , a bottle of wine in one hand , a pop cork in the other -- the source of the sound . Jerry look back to liza . jerry so I be a little jumpy . who would not be ? liza you be certifiable . jerry you would not be sit here if you do not halfway believe I . liza believe you about what ? Jerry shrug . as the manager storm over , liza peel off a hundred dollar bill . liza ( be : window ) will that cover it ? he shake he head . as she peel off a few more ... jerry you know that hour you give I to impress you ? how much of it be leave ? int . jerry's village brownstone - hallway - night liza enter by a window at the fire escape . Jerry follow . his side be obviously bother he . liza you okay ? jerry flesh wound . no big deal . Jerry head for the door to he apartment . liza I still do not think we have to park a mile away . int . apartment 202 - live room - night Jerry and liza enter . close the door behind they , he switch on the light . liza look from the filing cabinet to the silvery particle board cover the wall . liza be this suppose to protect you from alien ? Jerry do not answer as he lock the door , pick the empty beer bottle up off the floor . jerry you know why the grateful Dead be always on tour ? liza surprise I . jerry the whole kit and caboodle of them be british Intelligence agent . spy . Jerry Garcia have a double - of rating . just like James bond . Jerry sit the beer bottle on the doorknob , turn , head off . liza look at the bottle , then , " a la bond " ... liza Garcia , Jerry Garcia . as he move to follow ... file labyrinth they snake they way through the tower file . jerry you want something to drink ? liza um , coffee . if that 's okay ? Jerry look back over he shoulder , smile . jerry coffee 's we friend . kitchen liza watch as Jerry unchain the refrigerator . he misinterprets the look on she face . jerry I keep the bean in the fridge . they stay fresher that way . as Jerry remove one of the stainless steel container , liza read some of he magnetic poetry off the door . liza must language produce a thousand knife and not recall a whisper ? ( then another ) I love the delicate shadow of she want I to be . liza smile at Jerry who look up sheepishly from the container . he 's have trouble with the lock . jerry forget the combination ... you want some grapefruit juice ? int . jerry's bedroom - night Jerry enter with liza . the photo of Lennon give she pause . she look at the surround file then watch as Jerry turn the mimeograph drum , start printing something . jerry if my universe have a hub ... liza this would be it ? Jerry nod . liza step to the draft table where Jerry have do several rough , but competent sketches of horse in motion . there 's a book open to a photo of a horse and rider jump a rail . liza close it , read : liza equitation . jerry I have be read up on it . liza ( be : sketches ) be this yours ? Jerry nod , embarrassed . as he staple some papers together , liza stop short . in the margin of one of the drawing be two small profile sketches of she . eye close , it look like she 's sleep . jerry here it be . conspiracy Theory ( proudly hand it over ) it just go out Tuesday . third issue this year . I bet I strike a nerve . piss someone off . liza ( scan content ) ' the Space shuttle 's seismic secret ' . ' the Oliver Stone - George Bush connection ' . ( look up ) Oliver Stone ? jerry Stone be they spokesman . you think if someone really have all that information and a national podium to shout it out from that they would let he do it ? Stone 's a disinformation flunky . the face that he 's alive say it all . liza can you prove any of this ? jerry absolutely not . a good conspiracy be a unprovable conspiracy . if you can figure it out , they screw it up . liza flip through , read the lead - in to one story aloud . liza ' on July 8 , 1979 , security force under control of the trilateral Commission abduct the father of all american Nobel Prize winner . the man , many of they octogenarian , be force at gunpoint to ejaculate into small plastic bottle . the sperm collect be now under study in a laboratory beneath the headquarters of the rand Corporation in Santa monica , California . ' jerry pretty scary , huh ? liza yeah ... how many subscriber do you have ? jerry ( embarrassed ) just five . it 's the economy ... you think maybe one of they be not who they seem ? liza you get a list ? Jerry nod , go about digging one up . liza step to a bookshelf and fifteen different copy of the catcher in the Rye . liza you be a Holden caulfield fan . jerry who ? liza Holden caulfield ? catcher in the Rye ? jerry never hear of he . liza you have ten copy of the book , but you do not know who the main character be ? jerry I have never read it . I just -- every time I see one I buy it . I do not know why exactly ... wanna hear my favorite part ? strange . as liza nod , Jerry open to a particular page . jerry ( read ) ' I keep picture all this little kid in this big field of rye ... and I be stand on the edge of some crazy cliff ... ' front door - Beer bottle nothing until , almost imperceptibly , the door knob move . jerry ( o.s. ) ' if they be run and they do not look where they be go I have to come out from somewhere and catch they . ' jerry's bedroom jerry ( finish ) ' that 's all I would do all day . I would just be the catcher in the rye . ' front door - Beer bottle the bottle fall as the knob turn . jerry's bedroom a brief look between they before Jerry hit a switch which kill the light , then pull she down alongside he . liza it probably fall by itself . Jerry put a finger over she lip . ext . adjacent build - rooftop - night two black - clad sniper aim at Jerry 's window , OPEN FIRE . int . jerry's bedroom - night liza stifles a cry as tear gas canister crash the window . front door it 's bludgeon open . Light stream from the hallway . build hallway ten black - clad assault team member dive for cover as they leader toss in a concussion grenade . jerry's live room cabinet split at the seam as the air be rent by the thudding implosion . jerry's bedroom a beacon shine through the shattered window , but they be clear . Jerry shoulder the desk across the floor . he pull a barely visible wire loop , open a trap door in the floor . jerry go. as Jerry guide liza down the hatch ... live room the assault team enter military style . kitchen window smash as two commando rappel they way inside . jerry's bedroom grabbing the subscriber list , Jerry drop down the hatch pull the trap door shut behind he . int . downstair apartment - night Dark . Jerry land alongside liza on a mattress . jerry always rent a spare apartment ! stand , Jerry haul down on a handle attach to another thin wire . really put he weight into it . jerry's bedroom the desk slide back into position over the trap door . just a instant before the assault team roll in . downstair apartment Jerry dash to a closet . liza watch as he open the closet door , strike a wait match . he light a fuse which burn up toward a hole in the floor . liza what be you do ? jerry get rid of my hub ! liza stop short . the white light from the fuse illuminate the wonderwall . liza stare at a 6x12 paint montage . one image dominate . in fact , it 's arrest . bliss : liza in full equestrian fear , hand outstretch , head throw back . astride a winge horse . it soar over a gate and up into the heaven . Jerry have eye only for the fuse . as it disappear through the hole in the floor , it take its light with it . the wonderwall go dark . int . jerry's apartment - file cabinet - night branch off , the fuse run into they , through they . incendiary ignite . file hallway burst into flame . everywhere . the assault team member shout , beat a retreat . int . downstair apartment - night Jerry pull a jacket from the closet , start to pull it on . it 's too dark to make out exactly what he 's do . liza grab the match , light one . it cast a barely adequate glow on the wall . liza what be this ? Jerry 's wear a fireman 's greatcoat , pull on a fireman 's helmet . realizing what she 's see , he 's very embarrassed . jerry do not know . it be here when I move in . the match burn to liza 's fingertip . darkness once again . int . jerry's apartment - night no shortage of light up here . as the last man exit , it 's become a incinerator . White hot flame shoot out . paint peel . the housing of the typewriter melt . a lock metal cylinder on the kitchen counter explode in a shower of popcorn . Polaroid blister . but more than anything -- file burn . as the sound of siren build ... int . downstair hallway - night smoke , but no fire . six NYC firefighter escort squinting resident to the fire escape . a fireman exit a apartment with a woman sling over he shoulder . fireman make a hole . watch you back . it 's Jerry . the woman be liza . as a path be clear ... stairwell jonas and he man trot up the stair lead by a FIRE captain . lowry follow , look like he wish he be someplace else . jonas no longer wear the bandage , just a small strip which partially cover the stitches across he nose . they meet Jerry and liza on the landing , cross right past they . oblivious . Jerry and liza continue down . liza be that who I think it be ? jerry ( fireman ) uh huh . liza have this happen to you before ? jerry never , but I have be practice . liza ( beat ; then ... ) who be you , Jerry ? jerry just a guy try to put out a fire . they continue down out of sight . ext . jerry's neighborhood - STREET - night Jerry dump the fireman 's coat in the trash , jump in the BMW as liza tear away from the curb . int . jerry's apartment - night jonas and he man be walk through the smolder ruin by a Fire Captain . he pause at the silver on the wall . FIRE captain see the aluminum stuff ? firewall . guy design it so he could turn the place into a incinerator . leave the rest of the building untouched . CIA agent ( step up ) Dr. jonas , there 's something else you should see . int . downstair apartment - night illuminate with flashlight . jonas enter , stare at the wonderwall , mainly liza , a moment before . jonas in one hour I want to know what she eat , where she sleep , the name of she gynecologist . everything . int . liza' apartment - live room - night the door open . liza enter follow by Jerry . a awkward beat as Jerry look suspiciously about . liza see ? Home safe and sound . they stand there like two teenager at the end of a date . liza hold she copy of conspiracy Theory . jerry you give I a hour ; now give I a day . liza Jerry , there 's something I have to ask you . actually about a hundred thing , but we can make progress , if you answer one question . to my satisfaction . jerry shoot . liza it be that painting . the one on the wall . jerry ( embarrassed ) I do not mean for you to see it . it 's like look in someone 's diary and take it out of context . know what I mean ? liza it make I feel like you could see inside of I . and I do not know how that 's possible . jerry so what 's the question ? liza how be it possible ? Jerry do not answer . he look around . trapped . then he spot a particular doorway ... jerry could I , um , could I look at something ? without warning for she answer , he walk into ... int . liza' apartment - sitting room - night Big enough for a chair , bookshelve and a treadmill . Jerry step onto the treadmill . tentatively , like it might swallow he . he look forward , then look back . at ... a frame 8x10 photo on the bookshelf : liza , maybe 21 year old , in full equestrian gear hold the rein of she horse -- johnny dancer . she stand beside a older man who surely must be she father . he 's also the " Mr. S " from Jerry 's bizarre strobe show . liza stand in the door . liza I will give you 100 buck if you leave right now . jerry ( step to photo ) be this you dad ? liza that be he . jerry ( pick up photo ) be he dead ? liza please put it down . jerry how would he die ? liza he be murder . liza try to keep she cool ; it 's not easy . Jerry look from the photo to the treadmill . it 's all suddenly clear . jerry he 's why you punish yourself . liza not this again . jerry you run with you back to the picture . like you be try to get away . once in awhile you sing along with music , but mostly you punish yourself . liza ( realize ) you watch I , do not you ? Jerry realize he 's blow it . liza look out the window , down to the street . liza where do you stand ? in the alley ? do you sit in a car ? be it every night ? what ? Jerry counter by point out the horse in the photo . jerry johnny dancer , right ? you do not ride he anymore , do you ? not since you dad die . liza fuck you . I know you be crazy , but fuck you . forlorn , Jerry set the picture back down . the wall of book remind he of something . jerry do you have a copy of that book I can borrow ? catcher ? I do not usually go this long without one . liza close she eye , rub they . liza you get you twenty - four hour . just give I the next eight off . Jerry nod , exit in front of she . she stay put . a few moment pass before we hear she front door OPEN and then close as Jerry leave . liza 's eye flicker over to the treadmill . a moment and then ... liza ( be : treadmill ) fuck you , too ... liza turn , switch off the light . CUT to : ext . STREET - outside liza' build - night a drizzle have start to fall . for a street line with park car , it have a rather desolate feel . there 's a certain car -- a Crown Victoria . a silhouette behind the wheel . liza 's apartment be be watch . crown victoria it 's agent lowry . and in the back seat agent murphy . they sit in silence , a relaxed , practice state of alert . Murphy frown at the raindrop which splat the rear window . murphy I be gonna take a piss in the alley before it start to pour . lowry nod , keep he eye on the entrance to the apartment . Murphy open the door . as he climb out of the back seat , we see a black 9 mm in a shoulder harness . a few moment pass . agent lowry lean forward to look up to the dark window of liza 's apartment . behind he , he heart the back door open , agent Murphy slide in the back seat . as lowry lean back : lowry how 's you bladder ? the barrel of Murphy 's black 9 mm be press squarely against the side of lowry 's head . voice ( o.s. ) not bad . ( cock hammer ) how 's yours ? it 's Jerry in the back seat ! but lowry 's a pretty cool customer . he regards Jerry evenly in the rearview . lowry lot of folk be look for you . lowry 's hand inch toward a .45 on the front seat . jerry then you must be the smart one . hand on the steering wheel . a little nudge of the 9 mm and lowry do as he 's tell . jerry thank you . lowry you be welcome . where 's my partner ? jerry I like that . a gun to you head and you ask about you partner . he 's okay . May have a headache for a few day . be you here with honorable intention ? lowry I be not sure what you mean . jerry you should think of I as liza sutton 's guardian angel . lowry that 's ironic . because we be here to protect she from you . jerry you be here because you figure I might show up . lowry it seem like a possibility . what about you intention ? be they honorable ? jerry I be not a violent man , Mr. lowry . not by nature , anyhow . but if you hurt liza in any way , I will kill you . do that seem honorable ? lowry well , I do not know if -- Jerry crease the back of he head with the gun barrel . as lowry slump unconscious , Jerry start out , then pause . jerry be you pretend ? it sure do not seem so . till Jerry cock back the hammer . lowry ( all but motionless ) yes . Jerry whacks he again . Jerry 's about to go when the front door to liza 's building open and liza step out in she run gear . Jerry crouch , but he need not bother . she 's not look he way . as she take off down the street : jerry shit ... Jerry pull lowry over to the passenger 's seat , then climb into the driver 's seat . he start the car , then roll out after she . liza run . look every inch the athlete as she move . her foot splash through the grow puddle as she 's off the curb and on the street . crown victoria - jerry Jerry " talk " to lowry as he drive , shadow liza . jerry she should not be outside at night . what 's she do ? ( look to lowry ) I know you can hear I . liza cut through a gap in the wall and enter Central Park . crown victoria - jerry as he stop short , lowry slam into the dash . he turn , ride along look for a place to turn into the park . and then she 's go from sight . Jerry abandon lowry and the car in the middle of the street and take off on foot . park - liza move between the tree . elusive . tireless . park - jerry gasp . it take everything he 's get to keep she in sight . he strip off he jacket to lighten the load . STREET as liza exit the park , continue on she way , unaware that behind she ... Jerry collapse against the wall . take each breath like it be he last , he watch as she disappear from sight . finally , as he stagger out of the park ... int . barne and noble bookstore ( manhattan ) - night Jerry down the aisle . get desperate . finally , the classic section . moby dick. pilgrim 's progress . of mice and men. bingo ! the catcher in the Rye . one copy leave . Jerry grab it . whew ... cash register the clerk wait as Jerry step up , hand he the book . jerry be a long day . the clerk nod , pick up a scanner , run it over the bar code on the back of the book . immediate CUT to : int . computer surveillance room ( somewhere ) - night Three bleary - eye technician sit up and take notice as a alarm go off on one of several computer screen . tech # 1 somebody buy one ! the second technician watch as city grid map flash across he computer screen . it narrow to a single street . tech # 2 barne and Noble . mckinley Avenue . tech # 3 grab a radio mic . tech # 3 cleet code 115 . location be 11 - 546 mckinley . barne and Noble . keep collateral damage minimum . CUT to : int . barne and noble - night the clerk hand Jerry he bag , thanks he . Jerry start out . throw the bag in the trash , he 's out the door . ext . barne and noble - night Jerry walk down the street , read . a popular area , there be still quite a few people about . suddenly the page flutter in Jerry 's hand . trash swirl at he foot . he stop , slowly look up as he hear the helicopter . Black , no run light , equip with a sound damper . it descend quickly over the intersection . silky black cord drop . traffic snarl as cleet commandos slide down . four of they . plaincloth with discreet com-headsets . wearing jacket , we catch glimpsis of the equipment sling on they hip , include machine pistol . each have a 2x3 piece of paper tape to he wrist . like NFL quarterback with the play , except the papers be photo of Jerry . the helicopter be go so fast some people have not even notice . the commando disperse into the crowd , refer to they wrist as they advance in Jerry 's direction . Jerry hightail it the opposite way , try not to attract attention . he pull up in front of a movie theater as a second chopper swoops in to drop four more commando at the south intersection . the street have be seal off . Jerry stand there a beat , not sure what to do . something make he look across the street where cleet # 1 pull up , look over at he . as cleet # 1 refer to he wrist photo , Jerry dash into the theater . int . flight deck - third helicopter - night in a hurry . the skyline whizze past as jonas listen in on he headphone . cleet # 1 ( v.o. ) I repeat . target have enter the theater . jonas oswald try the same tactic , if I recall . int . theater - night nearly a full house . Jerry sit near the front , nervously look back over he shoulder , watch the aisle . four cleet appear silhouett at the entrance . as they start down , check face ... as the manager drone , people head for the aisle . Jerry move for the emergency exit . stick out like a sore thumb as the emergency door open and a shadowy figure step inside the alcove . a cleet commando . he spot Jerry , start forward . cleet # 3 ( into com - set ) he 's in the third theater . Jerry start back through what 's be a orderly proceeding . jerry bomb ! there 's a bomb in here ! as the cry of " bomb ! " get take up , panic spread . no one get trample , but the shove be fierce . as the cleet fight they way down , Jerry head for the rear exit . a few other patron go that way as well . ext . alley - behind theater Jerry exit with a solid head -start , but as he turn there 's a cleet in the alley . check face -- not look Jerry 's way yet . Jerry keep close behind another patron , then dart out , swing the cleet face first into the wall . as the cleet draw he machine - pistol , Jerry slam he face once , twice into the wall . as the cleet drop , Jerry make eye contact with a woman who watch aghast . jerry I do not like he look . do you ? as she shake she head " no , " Jerry continue on he way . ext . theater - night a big crowd . as police car pull up , the cleet commando exchange a look . removing they headsets , they disperse , dissolve into the crowd like they be never even here . int . liza' apartment - bedroom - night she 's asleep . all seem peaceful . then , low whispering . it stop , start again . low , conspiratorial , cabalistic . liza toss , turn in she sleep . a shadow seem to pass over she . but as she wake up , the whispering fade . liza sit up , a bit spook . she cock she head , listen . be that a click in the other room . unsure , she get up , head for the door . live room fill with long , dark shadow . liza step out , put a hand on the light switch . steeling herself , she switch they on . the room be empty . sitting room liza stick she head in . empty . bathroom light go on . no one here . liza slowly pull back the shower curtain . nothing . she switch the light off . live room liza return from the kitchen , something in she hand . stepping to the door , she first check to make sure it 's lock . then she balance a empty bottle upside down on the knob . she look at it a second , shake she head . liza I be turn into Jerry . switch off the light , she exit for the bedroom . CUT to : ext . justice department - binocular Pov - day as liza start up the step . be watch . int . surveillance van - day two surveillance drone monitor liza 's movement . binocular Pov - surveillance van someone 's watch the watcher . close on jerry observe the van through a pair of binocular . it 's difficult to say where he be . int . across STREET - coffee shop - day Jerry stand at the window , look through a small telescope . int . justice department - wilson's office - day Wilson look across he desk to where liza stand . wilson I have be give a cease and desist on all matter relate to Jerry fletcher . we be not to discuss he with the press , the n.y.p.d. , anyone . Building police be to arrest he on sight and we be to report any attempt he make to contact you . liza this do not make sense . wilson it make perfect sense . field work be not we oeuvre . liza I do not like it . something 's wrong . wilson Dr. jonas think you might be inclined not to cooperate . why be that ? liza we do not know who jonas be . we do not know who it be we be cooperate with . wilson I have have a lot of credential flashed in my face , liza . what I see yesterday , I know not to ask question . we be out . shut off . terminate . understood ? liza -- understood . int . justice department - hallway - day liza stride down the hall . lawyer , see earlier in the conference room , be talk . one look over as liza near . lawyer liza , settle a bet for we . liza ( snap ) what do I look like to you ? Switzerland ? they all lean a little closer to the wall , make sure she have room to pass . as liza pass she secretary , Jill . liza any message ? jill nothing so far , liza . int . liza' office - day liza enter , she look at she equestrian photo a moment , then buzy the intercom . liza you be sure ? jill ( v.o. ) ( over intercom ) not a thing . sigh , liza open she briefcase , pull out the conspiracy Theory newsletter and Jerry 's subscriber list . sitting at she desk , she turn on she computer . ext . across from justice build - sidewalk - day lunchtime . a big crowd on the street . among they -- Jerry . he wear a baseball cap , head right for the van . jerry can not see the forest for the tree . he hold a six inch length of steel rebar and a coil of wire cable . he pass the van . no one in the front . at the rear quarter , Jerry bend down to tie he shoe . int . surveillance van the drone hunch over a speaker as a reel - to- reel record . we hear a telephone ring , a woman' voice say " hello ? " liza ( v.o. ) ( over speaker ) I would like to speak to Mr. ketcham . woman ( v.o. ) this be Mrs. ketcham . int . liza' office - day liza 's on the phone , unaware it 's a party line . liza hi , Mrs. ketcham . you husband subscribe to we newsletter . I would like to ask he if he would like to renew he subscription . int . surveillance van - day where they listen , unaware of Jerry . mrs . ketcham ( woman ) ( v.o. ) my husband 's dead . he be kill two night ago in a car accident . ext . sidewalk - surveillance van - day on one end , the cable be sinched around the middle of the length of the rebar . Jerry slide the bar through the center hole of a manhole cover . the other end have a loop which he attaches to the van 's undercarriage . shoe tie , Jerry rise , continue on he way . int . liza' office - day liza cross the name ketcham off the subscriber list . there 's just one name leave : Henry finch . in St. Louis . liza look up as she office door open and Jill carry in a bouquet . sunflower -- seven of they . jill they just come for you . liza open the car : go out front . take the westbound bus . liza stand , grab she cell phone off the desk . liza Jill , I be expect a call from the post office in St. Louis . transfer it to I when it come . int . surveillance van - day the drone watch as liza exit and head for the bus stop . as drone # 1 move up into the driver 's seat , drone # 2 make a call . drone # 2 subject be on the move . ext . bus stop - day a bus pull up and liza get on . ext . surveillance van - day facing the other way . as it pull out , the wire unspool . insert - inside manhole the wire whip up until the piece of rebar hit the hole . STREET the 155 pound manhole cover pop loose , bounce along behind the van . as the van pull a u-turn , the manhole whip around , slam in the door of a park car . van drone # 1 check the side mirror , spot the manhole cover bounce along behind . he hit the brake . the van stop , but the manhole keep come . it slam the rear of the van , tear a three - foot gash before clanging to the ground . drone # 2 jump out , try to lift the manhole to thread the rebar out . as he struggle , drone # 1 hit the horn . drone # 1 we be lose she ! give up , drone # 2 get back in the van . they take off . the manhole clang along behind they , sideswipe a car . that draw the attention of a police cruiser come the opposite direction . as the cherry light flip on , the manhole take out the cruiser 's windshield . as the van turn the corner , the manhole wrap around a pole . as the rear axle tear free of the van ... ext . bus stop # 2 - day Jerry wait as the bus approach , stop . down the street , the cop approach the van . smiling , Jerry board the bus . int . bus - day ( rolling ) Jerry walk to the back , sit beside liza . jerry do you see the van back there ? liza ( turn ) what van ? jerry never mind . you would think I be make it up . liza where would you get you subscriber ? jerry I put a ad on a computer bulletin board . I log on at the library so I can not be trace . liza well , I have be tracking they down all morning . jerry you have not be bother they , have you ? liza they be dead . four out of five anyhow . all in the last 24 hour . one car accident , two heart attack and a stroke . jerry Jesus ... it 's my fault . they draw a black line over I and now I be pass it on . ( realize ) I be pass it to you , too . liza I will be fine . let 's worry about Henry finch . p.o. box in St. Louis . he 's the last on the list . I have not be able to reach he yet . jerry maybe you better not try ... I work so hard to keep quiet . like a mouse . I should have realize . liza realized what ? jerry Henry finch . that they monitor everything . that it be only a matter of time . and now four people be dead . liza reach into she pocket , take out the newsletter . liza elaborate on ' they , ' okay ? jerry there be all kind of group , all kind of initial . but they be all part of two warring faction . one : family that have hold wealth for century . they want one thing . stability . Group two : the boat rocker . eisenhower 's military industrial complex . they want instability . it 's a trillion dollar a year business . when there be not a hot war , they make a cold one . liza cold War 's over , Jerry . jerry so now they feed we terrorist . to create fear . how much do you think a airport security system go for ? then multiply it by every airport in the country . liza and you think Group one be at war with Group two . jerry latest casualty ? Ernest harriman . you hear of he ? liza sure . one of the richest man in America until he die a few day ago . jerry his obituary be in every paper . but not one of they say he be murder . liza murdered ? jerry right here in Manhattan . liza it say in the paper he drown in a swim pool . in Newport . jerry nobody die in Newport . they could not even kill sunny von bulow there . harriman drown , but it be not in Newport . liza where then ? int . 7th avenue subway station - day Jerry and liza stand amidst the hustle and bustle . jerry right here . in the 7th Street subway station . liza what be he do down here ? a billionaire wait for the subway ? why not drow he in a bus ? why drow he at all ? why not shoot he ? be the hitman from the lose world of atlantis ? I mean , come on . jerry I see the big picture and you stumble around in the detail . liza they be big detail , Jerry . jerry do you watch the news ? read the paper . last week , this whole place be underwater . liza a water main break . jerry they do not break in the summer ! do you know what building be right over this spot ? harriman Tower . they sub-basement be flood ! he do not die in a pool . call the coroner in rhode Island ! ask if the water in he lung be chlorinate ! liza okay , I will . jerry you will ? liza if that 's what you want . yes . she mean it sincerely . she will help . Jerry 's touch . jerry I do not know what to say . ( blurt ) I love you . liza what ? a spontaneous moment . Jerry 's barely sure he say it . jerry I -- it 's like , I resolve to call you up 1000 time a day . to ask you if you will marry I in some old - fashioned way . ( shrug ) everything you do be magic . liza that be song lyric , Jerry . jerry I know that . I be just -- I be nervous . I reach out and grab the first thing out there . I know they be song lyric . and I know how I feel . liza I like you , Jerry . a lot . jerry oh , Christ , here it come . look , I know you think I be crazy . I do not think I be , but ... liza Jerry , I -- jerry what if I reach a point where you do not think I be crazy anymore ? if I be normal . liza if you be eat kentucky fry Chicken and drink coca -cola again . jerry yeah ... would you , I mean , could you love I then ? if I be normal . maybe ? liza do not do this to yourself . Jerry . you do not love I . Jerry shake he head . jerry you be wrong . since I meet you , I do not dream about hole anymore . liza hole ? I do not know what you be talk about . jerry yesterday you be wonder about the wall . how it be possible . liza now 's not really the time to get into this -- jerry it 's geronimo . Love . it let you see thing . it give you insight . I have love you since the first time I see you . after a long beat ... liza and when be that ? be it that night I get mug ? or be it before then ? Jerry look away . liza answer I . be the first time you see I the first time I see you ? be it ? you have be follow I around . do you see how that could be disconcert to I ? that 's not love , Jerry . it 's obsession . and it be not normal and you can not expect I to respond to it and you can not expect I to feel the same way . ( long beat ) can you ? jerry I would never hurt you , liza . think whatever you want , but do not think that . liza I do not . I know you would not . jerry I think you -- why -- Love ruin everything , do not it ? Jerry start off through the crowd . liza Jerry ? come back . Jerry start to run . liza start after he , but she run into a commuter , then another . Jerry 's lose in the crowd . the subway be about to leave . as Jerry get on , liza spot he . the door close . the train roll . she move alongside , try to get he attention , but he will not look over . subway train Jerry finally look back . he see liza a instant before enter the tunnel , then a row of white strobe light on the tunnel wall . Jerry try to blink they out as the sound of conspiratorial whisper fill the train . he look about . it 's all suddenly unreal . certain passenger turn they head , leer at he . flash CUT to : subjective Pov Mr. S. Mr. sutton . liza 's father . stand at a white horse fence . his back to we as whoever it be come up from behind . as a pistol be raise into frame , the whispering grow in volume . Mr. sutton turn and somewhere along the way , it become a scream . int . 7th avenue subway station - day liza stand there , curse herself as the last of the train be swallow by the tunnel . this be not how she mean thing to turn out . then , she cell phone ring . she take it from she pocket , flip it open . liza hello ? jill ( v.o. ) liza , we get a call from the p.o. in St. Louis . the mail for Henry finch be be forward . right here to Manhattan . liza where ? ext . federal build ( manhattan ) - day the same place where Jerry follow Clarke and piper in the beginning . as liza enter ... jill ( v.o. ) the International Fund for merger and acquisition . int . federal build - lobby - day liza step to the building 's directory , slide a finger across . the Central Intelligence Agency occupy the 18th to the 22nd floor . just like Jerry see . liza drop she finger down ... the 24th floor -- the International Fund for merger and acquisition . ext . 24 th floor - hallway - day liza get off the elevator , head over to the door to the i.f.m.a . what 's really behind here ? liza take a breath , grab the doorknob to find out . int . INTERNATIONAL fund for merger and acquisition - day a group of bureaucrat pass by discuss interest rate . liza step over to a receptionist . liza I be here to see Henry finch . receptionist who ? liza Henry finch . the receptionist look she over a moment . receptionist be he expect you ? jackpot ! liza , dropdead official , flash she credential . liza I be Ms. sutton with the justice Department . could you tell Mr. finch I need to see he at once . int . hallway - day a secretary lead liza past cubicle full of clerk go about business . they come to a door . finch . they enter . finch' office no one 's at the desk , but the door to the adjoin bathroom be open . liza can hear water running in the sink . secretary he will be right with you . the Secretary exit , close the door behind she . liza watch the bathroom door , apprehensive as she hear the water turn off . a prolong moment before ... Dr. jonas exit the bathroom . he look at she , smile . jonas if you be as impressed to see I as I be to see you , you be very impressed indeed . how 's Jerry feel this morning ? liza Fine . what the hell be go on ? jonas please , sit . liza sit across from the desk . jonas watch she closely . jonas what I be about to tell you be partially document . the freedom of information Act see to that . but much more of it be not . for reason which will soon be regrettably clear , I be go to share -- secret -- with you . repeat any of it and you will simply bestow the title of ' paranoid ' upon yourself . liza Truth will set you free . I be listen . jonas smile sadly , turn he alumnus ring around he finger . jonas year ago , I work for the c.i.a. in the m.k. ultra program . be you familiar with it ? liza it be mind control . manchurian candidate kind of stuff , right ? jonas a vulgar pop term , but yes . take a ordinary man and turn he into a assassin . that be we goal . liza ask what you can do for you country . that kind of thing . jonas ( ignore comment ) m.k. ultra be terminate in 1973 . but not the research . it be rename . ex catcher . liza as in catcher in the Rye ? jonas I be impressed . we use the distinctive cover as a sort of mental flash card . jonas step over , he tone grow more confidential . jonas we experiment with hallucinogen . we use electro - shock to produce a vegetative state . we conduct terminal experiment in sensory deprivation . liza Terminal ? jonas as in 'result in death . ' we push the envelope until it be not even a envelope anymore . liza if I have any idea what to charge you with or how to prove it , I would arrest you right here . jonas I ? I be a minor missionary , a heretic really . but where else could a red-blooded american boy lie , cheat , steal and kill with the sanction and blessing of the all -high ? besides , now I be try to pay my penance . liza missionary ? penance ? you talk about it like it be a religion . jonas it be . it be . jonas say it almost sadly . liza Jerry tell I he bit you nose . jonas and what do I say ? liza a dog . jonas my dog . one I intend to put to sleep . extrapolate from there . liza this thing you be talk about . you do they to Jerry ? jonas yes , that 's right . liza look at jonas with revulsion . a moment . liza why do not you continue with you religious experience ? jonas smile , nod in acquiescence . jonas m.k. ultra , ex catcher , it all end the moment John hinckley shot Ronald Reagan . he see she eye widen . jonas it be not we . the science have be sell . pandora 's box open . my child be take from I and employ by the private sector . Jerry be one of they . a long beat as they consider each other . we hear the clock tick on the credenza . liza I be still listen . jonas Jerry be dangerous . Jerry have kill -- liza I do not believe you . jonas look a bit melancholy as he smile , shrug . jonas belief be immaterial . what 's important be the truth ... it 's be my job to find Jerry . I be very much responsible for he . liza if this be a spy novel , you next word would be something like I now know too much to live . why be you tell I all this ? jonas so you will believe what I tell you next . because I need to find Jerry . and I do not think I can do that without you . jonas reach into a file on he desk , hand liza a wear , crease wallet - size photo . jonas do you recognize this ? it 's a smaller version of the photo of liza and she father that liza keep behind the treadmill . liza 's stunne . liza where would you get it ? jonas you do recognize it then ? liza it be my father 's . kept it in he wallet . he be murder -- jonas I know the story . a federal judge . he deny a man in prison a appeal for a new trial . liza not a man . ezekiel Walters . jonas Walters have nothing to do with you father 's murder . liza you sound so sure . jonas do not answer . liza look at the photo . jonas ' watch -- the observer . liza when they find he , he be hold he wallet . but he have not be rob . ( to jonas ) the only thing miss be this photo . where do you find it ? jonas pick up a key , hold up a odd - shape key . jonas in Jerry 's safety deposit box . liza I do not understand . jonas be coldly paternal as ... jonas Jerry kill you father , liza . and he 's be obsessed with you ever since ... it 's not even really he fault . the blame be mine . I be sorry . liza look up at the ceiling , the wall . like a bird in a cage as it sink in . she blink out a tear . another . no place to hide . Jerry . liza it all make sense . oh God . he kill he . Jerry kill he . liza gulp a breath , cover she mouth with she hand . she 's go to be sick . jonas see it . like he 's do it before , he turn he trash can over , dump the content , hand it to she empty . photo of liza and her father tighten on it as we hear liza retch . painfully . like glass be come up . int . office - close on business end of telescope - day Jerry on the other end . he stand at a half - wash window with a bucket of soapy water and a squeegee , stare up the street at ... telescope Pov - blindfolded justice pan down the building to the street . two operative wait in a black sedan . pan up and across the street . two more operative in a second black sedan face the opposite direction . the view swing around . telescope Pov - helicopter Black . on a helipad two block away . a eight member plaincloth cleet unit milling . the view swing again to a adjacent rooftop . two last operative stand at the edge , headphone on , scan the area with parabolic microphone . jerry smile grimly . jerry at least someone 's finally take I seriously . spot something below , Jerry raise the telescope . telescope Pov - STREET a truck shape like a slice of pizza pull up . as the pizza guy climb out . jerry check he watch , smile . pizza 's right on time . he turn , start out . a hand clamp down on he shoulder . voice ( o.s. ) hey ! widen to include a big man . as Jerry ball a fist ... big man ( gesture ) you call that a clean window ? justice department - wilson's office - day Wilson and liza and jonas and various hover aide sit in silence . wait for something to happen . liza jump as the door open . wilson's secretary step in with the pizza . wilson's secretary Ms. sutton 's pizza , sir . liza I do not order ... a pizza . as liza realize , jonas be already wave the Secretary in . he grab the box , set it in front of liza . she look at Wilson , then open it . pepperoni . with a note on top . liza ( read ) go to the northeast corner . call a cab . bring the pizza . ( look up ) then there 's a poem . ( read ) rose be red , violet be blue , if the Pope go to Washington , I would , too . wilson what the hell do that mean ? as liza hand Wilson the note . wilson somebody find out if the Pope 's schedule to visit Washington ?! as people scramble , jonas look across at liza . jonas if you be up to it , I would like to follow he . see where he go . wilson no , hold on . I do not think -- liza it 's okay . I be game . jonas ( be : pizza box ) I want this box rig with a beacon ! ext . justice department - day liza exit carry the pizza . move with she as she head to the ne corner . she have no sooner raise she hand when a yellow cab pull up at the curb . Jerry behind the wheel . jerry where to , lady ? liza hesitates a beat , then get in on the passenger side . liza you tell I . the cab roll . a sedan follow ; the second pull a U -turn . ext . helipad - day the helicopter lift off . ext . command van - parked behind justice - day a big box van . jonas and Wilson enter . a dot ( the beacon ) flash on a city grid . they roll . ext . yellow cab - helicopter Pov driving the city grid . there be other taxi down here , but not so many that they will be lose . int . helicopter - cockpit - day the pilot fly . his spotter be on the radio . spotter Rolling east . fender number 1301 . int . sedan one - rolling - day one of the operative on the radio . operative we be on he . seventy - five yard back . int . command van - rolling - day Wilson and jonas listen as the operative and the spotter talk back and forth . int . yellow cab - rolling - day liza instinctively sit as close to the door as possible . not notice , Jerry grab a piece of pizza , eat . jerry it 's good . have some . she wave he off . jerry how would they like that thing about the pope ? I make it up . threw it in there to get them go . liza do not answer . it 's no longer cute . she anxiously start to check the side mirror . catch herself . jerry you look great . liza ( flat ) thanks . liza look away , can barely stand this . jerry be you okay ? I wish I have not tell you what I do . but I can not help the way I feel . you do not hold that against I , do you ? liza no . that would not be fair . where be we go , Jerry ? jerry it would be a lot easier for I to show you instead of tell you . but first thing first . Jerry check he rearview mirror , look for the car . liza feign ignorance . liza what be it ? jerry there 's a car follow we . probably another one flanking we the next street over . Jerry lean forward to look upwards through the windshield . jerry and somewhere up top , a chopper . liza look up as well , she act convincing . jerry they think they be so smart ... actually , they be . ext . helicopter - day 1000 foot above . tough to lose . ext . yellow cab - rolling - day the light ahead go yellow . the cab speed up . Red light . the car ahead stop . the cab weave around , squeeze the intersection just ahead of the cross traffic . int . sedan one - day turn into the oncoming lane to follow , but be force back . operative he make we ! int . helicopter - cockpit - day no problem up here . spotter we have get he . he 's head for the bridge . down below and ahead , the queensboro Bridge . ext . sedan two - rolling - day flanking as Jerry think , they turn leave ahead of where sedan one be stick in traffic . operative # 2 we be on he ! int . command van - rolling - day watch the blip , jonas get on the air . jonas jonas to ground unit . the helicopter have he . hang back and let he think he lose you . int . sedan two - rolling - day follow order , they slow . int . yellow cab ( queensboro bridge ) - sunset they turn onto the ramp for the bridge . headed for the lower section of the double - decker . liza we be go to queen ? jerry not today . int . helicopter - cockpit - sunset they watch as the yellow cab disappear from sight . spotter on the bridge . lower level . as they zoom over it ... int . yellow cab ( bridge ) - sunset halfway across it . without warning , Jerry lock it up , whip the wheel around . liza scream as the cab slide sideways . ext . bridge - bronx - bound lane - sunset horn blare . the cab block traffic . Jerry exit , shout for liza to follow . the grab the pizza box , join he at the center guardrail . liza now what ? jerry this way . Jerry climb over the median , drop over to the other side . he hold out he hand . she pause , then take it . as she go over , she drop the pizza box . she reach for it , but Jerry pull she along . jerry forget it ! I will buy you another one ! manhattan -bound lane already slow with commuter . across the lane , a abandon car , it 's rear end up on a jack . Jerry raise a cautionary hand to traffic , start across with liza in tow . he step over to the abandon car . jerry after you . ( as she hesitates ) it 's okay . I be the one who leave it here . liza where be we go , Jerry ? jerry Connecticut . liza what 's in Connecticut ? Jerry take she arm , guide she in . jerry I do not mean to be mysterious , but you will know when we get there . Jerry , behind the wheel , start the car . suddenly , he stare to the leave , transfix . liza follow he gaze , but the only thing apparent be the three red-and - white smokestack of the con-edison plant . but before liza can ask , Jerry snap out of it . the front - wheel - drive dig in . the jack spit loose and the rear end hit the asphalt . as they blend into traffic . ext . helicopter - sunset wait over the Jersey -end of the bridge , no idea of what 's go on . the spotter realize ... spotter Drop down . they drop , see that no more car be come off the bridge . ext . bridge - sedan two - sunset stop in traffic . the helicopter spotter on the radio . spotter ( v.o. ) something 's wrong . we be go in . the operative get out of the sedan , rush forward . ext . helicopter - sunset hover low , deploy its cleet unit onto the bridge . ext . queensboro bridge - sunset the abandon car drive off the bridge . Jerry and liza go completely unnotice . pull back as they become a very small needle in a very big haystack . dissolve to : ext . highway - night the car whizhes past the " enter Connecticut " sign . int . car - night Jerry drive . the radio plays softly . liza sit as far over as possible . quiet , then finally ... jerry Ted Bundy . David berkowitz . Richard speck . the name just hang in the air . liza be scared . finally , curiosity get the best of she . liza what about they ? jerry how come serial killer have two name , but lone gunman assassin have three . John wilk Booth . Mark David chapman . Lee harvey oswald . liza ( after a beat ) John hinkley . the guy who shot Reagan . he only have two name . jerry ( without hesitation ) Reagan do not die . if he have die , everybody would know what johnny 's middle name be . Jerry smile , but she do not smile back . as he concentrate on he drive ... liza ease she little cell phone out of she pocket . holding it at she side , half - turn away from Jerry , she flip it open , turn it on . enter a pre-dial code : " wilson " flash across the display . as liza hold she thumb over the ear speaker-hole ... int . wilson be office - night as Wilson and jonas and the team confab , the phone ring . Wilson 's secretary answer it in the b.g. wilson's secretary Mr. Wilson 's office . hello ? hello ? as she hang up ... int . car - night liza see the light go out on the phone . shit . she glance at Jerry , hit redial . int . wilson be office - night as the phone ring again ... wilson's secretary Mr. Wilson 's office . hello ? she move to hang it up again when suddenly , jonas grab she wrist . he take the phone , listen . cellular crackle , road noise . jonas know . jonas it 's she . the line 's open . get a trace on it . as they go into action ... int . car - night liza stick the live - line phone between the seat and the back . ext . highway - night the abandon car take the exit for " bump River Road . " int . abandoned car - night liza sit up , do not like this at all . for the third time . liza where be we go ? Jerry do not answer . liza where ?! Jerry pull over , stop alongside the wood . ext . roadside - wood - night jerry have not you figure it out yet ? liza stare into the wood , know what 's in there . liza my father 's house . jerry come on . liza take a last look at the cell phone antennae stick out from the seat and follow Jerry out . they head into the wood , he a bit behind she . ext . barn - night the tree thin . liza and Jerry step out , start to walk along the side of a old barn . jerry how do you really know there 's gold in Fort knox ? just because they say so ? we should go to Tennessee and demand to see it . liza you go . send I a postcard . they continue , liza nervous as hell . her eye dart ahead . liza' Pov a old well at ground level . cover over with board , some of which be rotten . barn a plan take shape , liza head toward the board . Jerry 's nervous , can not keep he mouth shut . jerry you know who be the first President to be assassinate ? George Washington . his doctor ble he to death . they near the rotten board . Jerry 's behind and to liza 's right . she 's lead he into a trap . jerry there 's a fraternity of secrecy . and anyone try to expose it be label a hopeless paranoid . as she 's about to skirt the edge of the well , Jerry suddenly leap forward , grab she . she nearly scream . jerry watch out ! Jerry gesture at the rotting board , think he save she . jerry you could have fall down there . he release she , then stare at the distant silhouette of a house . she 's really scared . liza what 's you middle name , Jerry ? Jerry look over , cock he head kind of funny . jerry what do you mean ? liza ? as he take a step toward she , liza take two step back . jerry liza ? liza do you kill he ? jerry be that what they tell you ? liza do you kill my father ? Jerry shake he head . liza want to believe he , but ... liza then why do you have he picture in you safe deposit box ? jerry he give it to I . liza I do not understand . jerry where be you the day he die ? liza at a horse show . jerry that 's the last time you ride , be not it ? do you think it be you fault ? be that why ? liza do you kill my father ?! jerry no ...! but they train I to . m.k. ultra . ex -catcher . America work . get rid of the crazy people , the lone gunman , and the system still work . liza try to stop he rant before it take over . liza Jerry . please . you do not understand . I have to know . it 's all I think about . do you have any idea what it 's like not to know ? jerry yeah . I know what it 's like . liza then tell I what happen . jerry can not give you the detail because I can not remember . I go to court to kill he . at the ezekiel Walters hearing . I be suppose to shoot he at the press conference . you be there . that 's the first time I see you . liza ( sarcastic ) Love at first sight ? jerry I do not know what it be . all I know be I have a gun in my hand , but when I see you stand with he , I could not do it . if that 's love , it 's not so bad . ( a beat ) I find a part of myself that day . I could not go back . liza back where ? jerry to jonas . I do not know that at the time . do not know who he be . ( beat ) but I know inside , whoever he be , he would send someone else . so I start watch you father . I want to keep he safe . there 's a sincerity in Jerry 's voice that 's hard to ignore . liza someone else might call it stalking . my dad feel it . he start carry a gun . jerry he keep it in the side table in the front hallway . ( off she look ) he show I . I visit a few time . then one of jonas 's guy visit . when I arrive , you dad be die . liza why ? what do this guy have to do with ezekiel Walters ? jerry Walters be they fall guy . blow up a building and blame a nut . create fear . do not you see ? you father be not try to keep Walters in prison . he be look into get he out . he do not believe the official story . liza why not ? Jerry look away , can not answer . liza why not , Jerry ? jerry ( a whisper ) because he believe I . a raw honesty to the word . stun , she only have one question leave . liza how would you get the picture ? jerry you father , he be die . he be worried about you . he take you picture out to look at it . he call you he baby . liza start to softly cry . jerry I tell he I would keep you safe . I take the picture and I have be watch you ever since . ( a beat ) please do not cry . liza look at Jerry . he look like he 's on the verge of tear himself . she 's not afraid of he anymore . but more important than that ... liza I believe you . jerry you do ? she nod . they embrace . just a lose soul and a lonely one try to comfort each other . suddenly , liza pull away . liza you get to get out of here . my cell phone 's on . back in the truck . jerry they will trace it . liza I be sorry . jerry ( smile ) it 's okay . you ... you think I be bad . white light hit they from the wood on one side . then from the house on the other . Jerry grab liza 's hand to run , but gunfire rip into the fence beyond they . voice ( o.s. ) hand behind you head ! a third light . this one from a helicopter descend . blind by light , Jerry know there 's nowhere to run this time . he raise he hand , lace they behind he head . voice ( o.s. ) step away from he , Ms. sutton ! Jerry squint over at she . jerry be he gun still in the hall table ? liza nod . jerry go get it . and when you get it , keep go . voice ( o.s. ) ( close ) step away , miss sutton ! member of the cleet unit step in . two from either side . they grab Jerry , cuff he and start he toward the helicopter . liza wait a minute -- cleet # 1 shove she back . Jerry dip , drive he shoulder into cleet # 1's back . he look back over he shoulder at liza . not worried about himself . jerry go get it . the cleet pound he . the chopper touch down , the door throw open . as Wilson get off , Jerry be hustle past he and onboard . wilson liza , be you alright ? Wilson look back as the chopper motor revs , the skid lift off the ground . in the doorway , jonas wave goodbye . the helicopter rise -- revealing cleet # 5 , Clark and piper stand beyond . they hold 9mm . as cleet # 5 shoot Wilson twice in the chest , liza turn and run for the house . they FIRE at she , then give chase . int . helicopter - flight deck - night Jerry struggle . jamme into a corner , he watch after liza , he face press against the glass . jonas you have embarrassed I , Jerry . you have make certain people take notice of I who should not . Jerry 's not listen . he only have eye for liza . down below , she leg churn she toward the house . jonas we have arrange for you to take the blame . everyone know how you have be harass the poor girl . jerry ( ready to burst ) liza ! jonas you should not watch , Jerry . it 's a moment without hope . jerry ( choke it out ) you have never see she run . liza disappear as darkness swallow the scene . helpless , hopeless , Jerry pound he forehead against the glass . jonas watch , amused , till Jerry find the strength to lunge at he . as Jerry 's drive down to the deck ... ext . barn - night liza turn the corner , run alongside with cleet # 5 close . liza throw a look back over she shoulder then ahead . the rotten planking cover the well loom . liza skirt one side , but cleet # 5 step right into the middle of it . crash ! as he disappear down ... ext . corral fence - night liza run . as Clark close , she jerk back the gate to the hot walker , continue as the aluminum bar catch Clark in the tooth . as he drop ... further back piper steady he aim on the fence , site through a scope . infrare Pov - liza running away from we , but a easy target . piper confident , he finger squeeze ... infrare Pov as liza be suddenly blott out by a big green shape . clark mouth smashed , he 's get up on shaky leg , only to have the back of he head blow off by piper . back to scene piper do not get a second chance as liza disappear from view . ext . liza' father' house - night liza hit the front step . in stride , she pick up a porch chair , fling it through a picture window . piper follow behind as she enter . int . live room - night dark. much to liza 's advantage . she make it to the hall as piper trip over a hammock . hallway liza pull open the drawer of the hall table , fish out a .38 , turn just as piper turn the corner . caught by surprise , he go down as liza fire all six round . she hit another six empty chamber before she stop pull the trigger . ext . liza' father' house - night reloading , liza look out through the break window . it 's quiet . peaceful even . the helicopter be go . just the cricket . she disappear back inside . int . hallway - night liza go to the phone on the side table , dial a number . operator ( v.o. ) Federal Bureau of investigation . liza I need to speak with a agent lowry . operator ( v.o. ) the office be close for the evening . be this a emergency ? liza do you have a agent lowry in you New York office ? liza close she eye , sure the answer will be no . operator ( v.o. ) yes . liza ( open eye ) then this be a goddamn emergency . int . new york apartment - study - night see from behind . a man sit in a leather chair read the paper . a phone on a stand beside he ring . man ( answer ) lowry . operator ( v.o. ) agent lowry , it 's Lynn matthews at the Bureau . I hate to disturb you at home , but I have a liza sutton on the phone from the justice Department . she say it 's a emergency . the camera arc around to reveal FBI agent lowry . about 60 , paunchy with white hair . not we lowry , but the lowry . man never hear the name ... put she through . int . surveillance room ( somewhere ) - night we agent lowry wait with phone in hand as technician monitor the call . over a speaker : operator ( v.o. ) go ahead , miss sutton . liza ( v.o. ) agent lowry ? a technician nod to lowry as he switch he over . lowry liza , what can I do for you ? int . new york apartment - study - night the man hold the phone to he ear . man hello ? hello ? int . 12 th floor - elevator - night the door open . lowry , liza , six " FBI " agent and a building security guard step off . badge on jacket , move with they as they stride the hallway with purpose . suite 1203 . i.f.m.a. lowry and liza wait impatiently as the Guard key the door . gun draw , they burst in . int . INTERNATIONAL fund for merger & acquisition - night stop short . the place be empty . the divide wall be even miss . the only thing that 's here be some ladder , tarp and painting material . liza be stunne . security guard I tell you . they have not move in yet . CUT to : jerry strapped to a metal chair in front of blind white light . only now , it 's really happen . jonas step over , a electrode in either hand . Jerry 's chin be down on he chest . he 's already be through the ringer . jerry monkey finger . shoot coca-cola . gently , jonas slide one of the electrode under he chin and lift he head . jonas who else know what you know ? Jerry just blink back at he . jonas liza sutton be dead . jerry then I can not be hurt anymore . Jerry squeeze he eye shut . as tear roll down he cheek , jonas fire up the juice . jonas ( loom ) I will be the judge of that . close on jerry's hand over the crackle of electrical current , the strap snap taut as Jerry try to reach through the ceiling for the moon . int . decrepit hospital room - night a sink and dirty mattress on the floor . two cleet drag in Jerry . unconscious , he 's dumped on the floor by a narrow heating duct . they leave , lock the door behind they . Jerry do not move , do not make a sound . a rag doll . ext . decrepit hospital - darkened window - night we hear the sound of the CITY , but it 's impossible to tell where we be . practically a show , jonas stare out the window . a cleet appear vaguely over he shoulder . cleet she get away . jonas good God ... find she . int . federal build - 12 th floor - elevator - night no luck . as the mystery agent pile back onto the elevator , liza take lowry 's arm . liza can I talk to you a second ? lowry ( to other ) go ahead . we will be right down . the door close leave just liza and lowry . liza do you believe I ? lowry yeah , I do . liza I want to believe you , too . lowry what do you mean ? liza point she father 's .38 into he face . liza who 's the deputy director of the f.b.i .? lowry you think we have time to fool around like this ? come on . he try to move on , but she cock back the hammer . liza the deputy director . lowry shrug . he do not know . lowry what give I away ? liza nothing . I be just make sure . so , who be you ? lowry look at she , grimly shake he head . liza I be go to find Jerry . I be -- who be you ? one of they ? liza look ready to pull the trigger . lowry I be , it really do not matter . think c.i.a. and exponentiate . I be a government employee and I have be watch Jerry for awhile . liza and jonas ? lowry he 's why I watch Jerry . Jerry 's the bait for jonas . liza he 's show himself . why have not you arrest he or kill he or do whatever it be you do ? lowry jonas build assassin for a live . several of whom may be in place already . we would like to kill a few bird with one stone . liza where do you think Jerry be ? lowry no idea . honest . what be you go to do ? liza I be go to find he . because he would find I . lowry do not go home . and do not go to work . either one could be bad . liza what do you suggest ? lowry that you come with I . liza I do not think so . she coldcock he , the .38 across the back of the head . as lowry go down , liza head for the stairwell . as she disappear , lowry get up , clutching the back of he head . she should have double - check . lowry ( as he follow ) I do not get pay enough for this ... int . jerry's build - downstair hallway - night ready for anything , .38 in one hand and a flashlight in the other , liza walk the hall . she stop at a door drape with arson investigation Site tape . she wrench down a nail 2 x4 , step between the other . enter . int . downstair apartment - night liza close the door behind she , shine the light . debris have fall through a hole in the ceiling . liza step through the rubble to the wonderwall . sooty , singe , partially curl at the edge of the paper it be do on . liza shine the light . she 's as take with it now as the first time . the more she stare at it the more frustrating it become . Fighting back tear , growl back she anger , liza grab a corner and tear , then tear again , try to destroy this thing which affect she so . when she 's do , the wonderwall hang in tatter . and as liza try to get a hold of herself , she realize ... there 's a second painting behind the first . liza pull down the tatter of brown butcher paper which make the first . the second be the Pov of a room . in fact , it 's entitle : " in my room . " in the b.g. , a window . f.g. , a sinister chair with strap , hook and other exaggerated apparatus for keep someone sit there . discard , macabre syringe litter the floor . a flash light partially obscure a face reflect in a mirror . jonas ? the whole effect be unnerve , but tell liza nothing more . until ... she take a second look at the window . it 's block by three red-and -white -stripe bar . as liza run she hand over they ... CUT to : ext . queensboro bridge - night liza pull she BMW over to the side , get out and go to the rail . she stare across at the three red-and - white smokestack of the con - Ed plant . the view through the window in Jerry 's room . liza scan the riverfront building on Roosevelt Island across from the plant . there be only a few that would match and one stand out from the rest ... CUT to : ext . hospital - night ( late ) a few light burn , all on one half of the building . a security board at the desk , the door be chain and padlock shut . liza stop across from a brass inlaid letter which identify it as ... " germaine o. nicol mental ospital . " the " h " be miss from " Hospital . " liza be about to continue when ... enlightenment ! running she hand along , she alter the letter , black some of they out : " germaine o. nicol mental ospital . " liza ger-o-ni-m-o... CUT to : ext . back of hospital - kitchen door - night a institutional food truck unload . as the driver pass with the hand truck , liza slip in the building . int . hospital - kitchen - night the cook grumble by . liza duck behind a dishwasher , look across at a roach . as it twitches a antenna ... int . mental hospital - hallway - night a nurse disappear , turn around a corner . liza pad she way along . look into a room . room Three middle - age man asleep on they back , mouth agape , sleep obviously no release . int . nurse's desk - night the charge nurse doze as liza creep by . int . room two - night Three women this time -- two asleep , one rock back and forth on she knee . woman hey naw - not naw - not . hey naw - not naw -ne . hey naw - not naw -ne . a horrific sight . liza turn from it and into ... hallway two she turn right into a orderly . stand square , hand on he hip . orderly can I help you ? collect herself , she reach into she pocket for she id . liza I be with the justice Department . as she produce and hand over a $ 100 bill , he eye the .38 in she hand . liza I need to see any new patient you have get in the last twelve hour . ( eye he eyeing ) you can say I threaten to shoot you . orderly sound like you get it cover . come on . int . decrepit hospital room - night Jerry 's still lie on the floor where he be leave . but he 's start to stir . feeling like he be already dead , maybe even wishing he be . int . 2 nd floor - hallway three - night the orderly lead liza to a door . orderly in here . White guy in he 30 . he open the door and they step into ... room three there 's a white guy in he mid-30s . he look up . Wild . straight -jackete . not Jerry . liza 's reach the end of she rope . she just shake she head . int . decrepit hospital room - night ball up . fetal . not really all there . head press to the cement , he try to sing to himself . jerry Blue moon ... Blue moon ... int . 2 nd floor - hallway three - night liza just stand there , lean on a rail on the wall . the orderly be not sure what 's go on , but he know it 's bad . orderly you okay ? liza start down the hall with the orderly follow . orderly we get some new patient last week . you want to see they ? liza wave they off . it 's hopeless . she stop at a chicken - wire window at the end of the hall , look out . Light 's about to break and Jerry 's out there somewhere . orderly look , I gotta get back to work . she turn , grab he arm . liza do you hear that ? orderly what ? liza look up at the air duct . pull a laundry cart over , she climb up , press she ear against the grill . jerry ( v.o. ) ( sing ) Blue moon ... Blue moon ... liza Jerry ...? Jerry . int . decrepit hospital room - night we hear liza' distant " jerry , " but it do not register with Jerry . he 's all inside now . jerry Blue moon ... liza ( v.o. ) ( sing back ) you see I stand alone ... Jerry 's eye open . he hear that . maybe . he sing . jerry without a song in my heart . liza ( v.o. ) without a love of my own . int . 2 nd floor - hallway three - night as liza sing into the vent , the orderly think he may have a new customer . jerry ( v.o. ) Blue moon ... liza ( join ) you know just what I be there for . int . decrepit hospital room - night Jerry move closer to the vent as the two of they sing they " duet . " she 's alive . it finally , really sink in . jerry liza ? liza where be you ? int . 2 nd floor - hallway three - night liza , now join by the orderly , listen as ... jerry ( v.o. ) here. North wing . first floor . liza look to the orderly for help . orderly the north wing 's close off ... this way . galvanize door a heavy lock bracket rivete to the door . the orderly smack the padlock with a fire extinguisher . once , twice . the lock fly off . liza push the door open to a dark hallway . the window be board over . forebode . orderly this be as far as I go . liza get the police down here . int . decrepit hospital room - night Jerry have crawle he way over to the sink . jerry diversion . need a diversion . hand cuffed , he pull himself up , lean heavily on the lip . as a afterthought , he stare into the mirror . jerry liza 's come . gotta look sharp . Jerry run a hand through he hair , collapse . int . decrepit hallway one - night a cleet on patrol . he pass a doorway into a abandon room . as he turn a corner , liza step out of the room , continue the opposite way . int . decrepit hospital room - night his foot brace against the wall , Jerry pull on a pipe under the sink . it groans , creak , and then snap . Water geyser up . Jerry sputter out of the way . int . decrepit stairwell - night liza make she way down . int . decrepit hallway two - night a cleet guard outside a door . he look down as water pool at he foot . turn , he see it run from under the door . there 's a 5x5 - inch window on the door , but the view be block by a hard , white surface . the Guard rap the glass . guard what 's go on there ?! ( off no answer ) where 's the water come from ? int . decrepit hospital room - night Jerry hold a toilet lid over the glass . another rap . guard ( v.o ) answer I ! the bolt be slid back . Jerry stumble as the door be push open . the Guard enter , lead with he 'mm . jerry you have to see for yourself , do not you ? guard ( be : sink ) where would you think that be go to get you ? the Guard be unaware that liza have appear in the doorway behind he . Jerry smile . jerry right where we be now . the Guard step forward to let Jerry have it . he freeze at the hammer clicking back on the .38 . liza Drop it . cursing himself , the Guard let the 9 mm slip to the floor . liza turn around . the Guard turn . as he do , Jerry raise the toilet lid , crack it down over the top of the Guard 's head . the exertion send Jerry sprawling , as well . he look up . jerry so , what do you think ? be something go on here or what ? int . decrepit hallway two - night Jerry ( armed with the 'mm ) and liza exit . liza slide the bolt back on the door . footstep and voice ahead . Jerry lean on liza as they start they escape in the opposite direction . they have just disappear around one corner when jonas and cleet # 3 and # 4 appear around the corner . jonas where 's the guard ? slip in the water , the cleet hurry forward . one of they look through the window , scowl as the second unbolt the door . as jonas see the unconscious Guard and the toilet lid , he do not look happy . ext . germaine o. nicol mental hospital - night a man approach from one end of the sidewalk . flip , the black owner of the newsstand Jerry frequent . no longer wheelchair - bound . as he converge with agent lowry . int . hospital entry - night the old security guard watch a little tv . tv announcer ( v.o. ) the President have leave the area only moment earlier and be currently in Germany . again , the quake in Southern Turkey measure seven-point - three on the richter scale . thousands be fear miss or dead ... he look up as from outside , lowry shoulder back the door , expose the chain . flip cut through it with a portable torch . lowery burst through , pass the sputtering old security guard . the whole entry take about two second . int . intersecting hallway - night Jerry and liza make they way along . ahead , a cleet crossing the intersection . shot be exchange . liza and Jerry hug the wall , move back the way they come . as the cleet get on he headset , they duck down ... east hallway Jerry , who know where he 's go , motion liza ahead . jerry this way . only a few step and another cleet ahead . more shot fire and they duck down ... south hallway Jerry take liza 's hand and they run . Left here . right there . east hallway flip and lowry , infiltrate . they exchange FIRE with a cleet . intersecting hallway the gunfire be distant here . jonas get the report from cleet # 4 , who get it over he headset . cleet # 4 he 's somewhere on the south side of the wing . jonas ( think a beat ) I know where he 's go . jonas stride away , cleet # 4 and # 3 hurry to keep up . int . alcove / dead -end hallway - dawn they reach the end , a narrow alcove to the leave . liza it 's a dead end . a 2 - foot by 2 - foot slide door on the wall . padlock . Jerry aim , shoot the lock off . he open the door to reveal a dumbwaiter . liza how do you know ? jerry I spend two year here . this use to bring the med-cart . demerol . phenobarb . it 's Jacob 's ladder . Jerry hit a button on the wall . nothing . no power . liza look back over she shoulder at distant gunfire . liza something 's go on back there . boom ! boom ! boom ! she spin as Jerry fire into the wall . he tear plaster back in huge chunks to reveal the dumbwaiter mechanism . a looped bicycle chain , run over tooth on a motor below and disappear up a shaft above . he kick the bottom loop off the motor . jerry get in . I will pull you up to the fourth floor . liza what about you ? jerry get up there and we will get it back down here for I . now . liza think a beat , then nod and climb inside . jonas Jerry , you continually amaze I . Jerry and liza freeze . the voice be close . liza start to climb out , but Jerry hold she back , whisper . jerry geronimo . he shove she back , haul down on the chain . the dumbwaiter start up . liza geronimo be down . jerry it 's up . Love give you wing . you can fly away from here . liza do not do this . Jerry haul down again . liza disappear from view . he clutches he side in pain . then he haul again . dead end hallway cleet # 3 and # 4 advance . dumbwaiter jerk upwards . liza despair . liza Jerry ! alcove Jerry haul harder . faster . Hand over fist . determined to get liza out of there . jerry too good to be true . last thing I do . like life pound egg . up , up , up , the dumbwaiter go . finally , it will not go any further . it 's out of sight . dead end hallway cleet # 3 and # 4 move up . dumbwaiter the door will not budge . liza lean back , fire a round at where she guess the lock should be . she throw the door up . the 4th floor . as she squeeze out ... alcove Jerry hold the chain with one hand , fire through it with the 9mm . a tug and 60 foot of chain spool down at he foot . liza 's away . as Jerry smile , cleet # 3 and # 4 appear behind he , each firing once into he back . 4 th floor - liza reacting to the shot . appall at what must be happen . liza Jerry ! alcove Jerry hear she call , close he eye . jerry liza ... Jerry drop he gun , corkscrews down into a break heap . his eye flutter up as jonas loom over he . jonas a patient man can accomplish anything . 4 th floor - liza liza run . dead end hallway cleet # 3 and # 4 turn as lowry and flip approach . as they head down to the end of the hall , Jerry 's eye flicker to the 9mm . as he hand inch that way ... stairwell liza run , possess . only this time she 's run to something and not away . she stumble , slam into the wall at the landing , continue . dead end hallway jonas start back for Jerry , stop short as he see he , still on the ground , point the 9 mm at he . click . Jerry 's out of ammo . jonas continue toward he . 1st floor hallway liza come off the stairwell . run . connecting hallway cleet # 3 go down , shot by lowry . # 4 make a dash for it , be pursue by flip . dead end hallway Jerry , spitting blood , wait as jonas calmly set the barrel of he gun against Jerry 's forehead . the coup de grace be imminent . Jerry 's ready for it . liza lung ready to burst . she hurdle # 3 's body , turn the corner , scream as she raise she father 's gun . liza no ! jonas look back over he shoulder just in time for a bullet to drill he forehead above he leave eye . he 's dead before he hit the ground . and liza be at Jerry 's side . one look and she know it be not good . liza help ! somebody help I ! he just look up at she as she cradle he head . liza do not die on I , Jerry . okay ? jerry I can not promise you anything . she cry at the allusion , take he hand . liza you have be my best friend for year and I do not even know you be out there . jerry top pocket ... go on . liza reach in , pull out one of the " new " $ 100 bill . it 's bloodstain . jerry remember when you give I that ? a hundred dollar bill to get lose ? ( be : bill ) that 's it . my lucky charm . as a tear roll down liza 's cheek ... jerry they change Franklin 's portrait . liza you think it 's a conspiracy ? jerry do not know , but he look a lot more like rosie o'donnel than Ben Franklin . liza look at the bill a moment , shake she head , then : liza Fred mertz . it 's Fred mertz . Jerry smile . liza smile back . then : jerry ( almost apologetic ) I do not know why I love you . but I know that I do . liza lower she head , she heart stripped bare . liza I love you , too . jerry ( a sigh ) now she tell I . overwhelm , Jerry squeeze he eye shut . liza turn back as agent lowry appear . liza ( desolate ) help he . please . ext . hospital - ambulance - dawn a madhouse . Police arrive in drove . Jerry in the back of the ambulance . liza watch , horrify , as he body jerk as they defibrillate he . the back door close . liza wait ! wait for I . she 's restrain by flip and agent lowry , try to fight past they as the ambulance pull away . overwhelm , liza collapse . as they hold she up ... dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day a beautiful day . maybe not a bad place to end up after all . we come upon a particular stone , freshly turn earth on the grave . Jerry fletcher . he do not make it . liza stand here all alone . pay she last respects . liza ( softly ) you get away , Jerry . they will never find you now . her eye well up with tear . liza fight it off . liza ( deep breath ) get a hold of yourself , baby . one last moment and then she turn and walk away . as she move , the sound of footstep . on the floor . CUT to : int . sterile hallway ( somewhere ) - day agent lowry stride down the hall , full of purpose . at a intersection , he 's join by flip . the two of they continue , without speak , to a door . they enter . int . sterile room ( somewhere ) - day his chest bandage , tube run in and out , Jerry look up as lowry and flip enter . he 's weak , but very much alive . they look at he . he look back as defiantly as he situation will allow . jerry flip . Howard Hughes give you you leg back . flip do not even crack a smile . lowry you make you decision yet ? jerry I be lean toward no . lowry that 's you option . our could be to keep you lock up for a very long time . in case you do not know it , you be crazy . flip not to mention the fact that everyone think you be dead . lowry we need you . we need what you know . to bring this guy down . believe it or not , we be on the same side . ( as Jerry scoff ) one thing 's for sure . you do not have a choice . Jerry stare back . that may be the truth . jerry I will do it . on one condition . I want to make sure she 's okay . lowry we get someone watch she 24 hour a day . she -- jerry that 's not what I mean . I want to see she . lowry I do not know ... jerry then screw you . I will rot . lowry alright . you can see she . ( as Jerry smile ) but she can not see you . jerry whatever . lowry and flip turn to leave . jerry flip. ( as flip look back ) you be the close thing I get to a friend around here . tell I something . you think I be crazy ? flip shut the hell up . ext . ox ridge hunt club ( connecticut ) - day pastoral to say the least . liza step from she BMW , lean against the fence and watch as three lo - year- old girl on horse receive a riding lesson . int . ox ridge hunt club - barn - day liza move along the well - maintain stall . one particular horse whinnie excitedly as she approach . liza stop to look he over . liza j.d. , I be back . if you will have I . he whinnie , stomp a hoof . liza hug he around the neck . liza johnny ... the horse have to be the fable johnny dancer . they moment be break up by a rough - look GROOM . GROOM can I help you with something ? liza you get a saddle around here ? this be my horse . GROOM I have never see you here before . liza reach into she jeans pocket , pull out she trademark denomination : a $ 100 bill . but something hesitates inside she . she rub she thumb over Franklin : rosie o' donnel or Fred mertz ? she pocket the bill , look up . liza could you help I out ? please . GROOM ( a beat ; soften ) I think I can find a saddle for that horse . ext . road - surveillance van - day pull off the road . a view to the farm . int . surveillance van - day Jerry sit with lowry and flip , scan with binocular . jerry I see she car , but -- oh ... binocular Pov - liza Riding johnny dancer out into the ring . she canter back and forth . tentative at first , but gain confidence . int . riding ring - day liza pull up , eye a fence . liza I must be crazy . decide , she whisper something into johnny 's ear . liza geronimo . they be off at a gallop . binocular Pov - liza pick she spot , liza guide johnny up and over . fluid . a thing to behold . int . surveillance van - day Jerry , hold he breath , let it out in a long sigh , the sound of love . he smile sadly , lower the binocular . jerry she 's okay . ( to lowry ; grim ) let 's go . ext . surveillance van - day it roll down the road . destination unknown . ext . ox ridge hunt club - field - day liza gallop out into the sun . feeling it , remember , realize just how much she miss this . but now she have it again . a gift . head back , she hold she arm out in hope and faith , very much like the painting on Jerry 's wonderwall . freeze frame . fade out . the end