constantine by Kevin brodbin base on the character appear in magazine publish by DC Comics , Inc . previous revision by Mark bomback current revision by Frank cappello early production draft November 14 , 2002 fade in : ext . istanbul - dusk glimpsis of a ancient city . almost motionless against the tide of time . Sea swell along a endless wall . billow silk freeze against the sky . bird lighting on byzantine column . final image be of a impose structure beyond the tree . int . prison for the criminally insane corridor of ancient stone and steel extend into infinite darkness . stale air hang in the dim half - light like atomize ether . there be whispering . and tangle voice . drift in past prison cell the size of closet . brief flash of carve face , insanity -- coming to rest on the -- final cell a gaunt prisoner kneel on the granite , head bow to a wall hang tapestry of Christ . but he 's not just praying . he 's digging . with he arm under the tapestry , he scratch at the stone with a spoon . after only a year , the spoon finally break through . int . narrow channel prisoner claw he way between ancient wall , come to a dead end against a thick wooden door . he nudge a shoulder against it , dig in and push . door groans open , suck air into the pitch black chamber . int . prisoner cell the tapestry cover the hole be pull against the wall , then billow outward like a sail . int . chamber - prisoner pull himself inside , choke in the heavy air . he scan the musty room . antique furniture . a few empty crate . and the remain of several deteriorate skeleton . ( continued ) 2 . continued : he look to the far wall , see a hint of light above through the crumble limestone . a way out . too high to reach , prisoner pull a old chest out of a cobwebbed corner and slide it under the light . he step up onto the chest , grab the edge of the hole and start to shove off when the top of the chest give way and he foot crunch through . prisoner reach down to free he foot when he see something inside -- wrap in a red cloth . he pull it out and as he unwrap it , he discover the cloth be a Nazi flag . at the center be a crudely - shape iron relic . eight inch long . stain on the edge . could be the petrify tooth of some prehistoric animal . or maybe a ancient arrowhead . as he hold it , feverish sweat start to form on he face . mysterious Pov from behind . as if he 's be watch by someone else . prisoner spin , look back at we . nothing . prisoner start toward the way out . int . prisoner corridor the Guard 's flashlight beam probe the cell -- one by one -- fall on the tapestry . Christ billow out from the wall , revealing the hole . int . prison - various shot alarm SOUND . light blast on . Guards with weapon rush through . int . narrow channel prisoner squeeze toward light , grip the relic tight . ext . prison - night siren blare as spotlight sweep across the ominous structure . prisoner break from the darkness , run for the tree on the other side of the wall . ( continued ) 3. continued : guard ( in turkish ) stop ! stop ! prisoner spin , gripe the relic tight . gunshot ring out . bullet streak toward he but never hit they target . Guards check they weapon on the run . ext . near a road - night prisoner break from the tree , run into a road . headlights wash over he and tire screech . prisoner spin , be right in the path of a car . brake squeal -- car lock up but too late -- impact prisoner who be violently throw and land in a heap . car slide to a stop . driver jump out , see the front end sheet metal have accordion all the way to the tire . he scan the area for a body , spot the prisoner and be stunne to see he get to he foot . uninjured . prisoner be just as amaze . he glance at the relic in he hand , note the wrist have reddene and a odd symbol have appear as if emboss in the flesh . Driver call out but the prisoner be spook , run off . over this we hear -- a child scream . int . apartment - day father hennessey ( 50 ) , stand over a young teen ( 13 ) , jeanie , splashes holy water on she body . she scream again . hennessey et separatur a plasmate tuo , ut num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui serpentes ! her body convulse , pull against the bandage tie she hand and foot to the bed frame . notice she fingernails . drain of color . almost black . her mother be off to one side , completely hysterical . on the other side be a crowd of bewilder tenant , all cramme into the hallway outside the open door . ( continued ) 4. continued : nothing can compare with a exorcism . especially one that 's go bad . the rather obese Priest try to steady he hand and he heart . it 's obvious he 's totally out of he league here . girl let out another scream that echoes over -- ext . aging apartment build not in a third world country but smack center in one of America 's richest city . sparkle high -rise tower in the distance while flashy billboard tout the sexiest fashion , the hot automobile and the smoothest malt liquor . superimpose : los angele - today ext . alley by the apartment a fade yellow taxi pull up and stop . someone step out , grind a cigarette butt into the asphalt . int . apartment build - foyer Doors open , flood the musty darkness with a brief relief of sunlight . a man -- whose face we do not see -- step inside , he trench coat hang like the fold wing of a raven . he pause , pull a ornate lighter and light a cigarette . take a puff and push on inside . int . narrow staircase hall wall line with tenant try to get a glimpse of the unexplainable . the Stranger push through . suspicious face step out of he path . the one that do not he push aside -- even the gangbanger . the man have no patience for politeness , no time for tact , no fear of anything . this man be JOHN constantine . he arrive at he destination , barge into -- 5 . int . apartment 7b one scan of the situation be all it take . the bed -- the child -- the panicked priest -- who rush to John . hennessey ( whisper ) thank God you be here ... John shoot he a disgust look . hennessey give he a wide berth . John walk past the panic-stricken mother without a glance , set he cigarette on the nightstand , the glow tip drooped over the edge . he put a glove hand to the child 's face and it burn on contact . his demeanor instantly change as he lean right next to the ear of the little girl and whisper -- JOHN this be Constantine . John Constantine , asshole . the girl jolt , bandage on she arm cut into she skin . eye snap open -- glare right through he . JOHN how ya do ? jeanie vamo junto a matarla . John whip out a key chain cramme with medallion . JOHN let 's see who we get here ... he hold they up so they cast shadow across jeanie 's face . he flip through each of this sculpture saint until the child suddenly react to one -- try to look away . John stare at the Saint responsible , seem genuinely puzzle . he turn to the mother -- very serious . JOHN I need a mirror . now . shaken , the mother produce a small compact . John push it away , turn to the doorway crowd . JOHN a large mirror . at least -- ( size up the child ) -- three foot high . ( continued ) 6 . continued : the hallway crowd discuss possibility . JOHN move . tenants run to retrieve a mirror . hennessey look worried . John grab the bed -- shove hennessey aside as he swing the bed around , leg gouging hardwood all the way . face it toward the window . intercut - apartment 5g below several of the men from the hallway crowd storm through a old woman be stuffy apartment , locate a huge iron - frame mirror and rip it and half the plaster from the wall . JOHN center on a drapery rope , pull hard . drapery hook explode off the curtain rod as he swing open the window , look down into the alley where that yellow taxi be park . JOHN chaz ? chaz ( 20 ) look up from he cab . cool. frustrate . you just know he would love to be up there , not down here . JOHN move the car . chaz why ? JOHN move the damn car . John frees the drapery rope , duck back into the room . chaz Park the car -- move the car ... chaz shift into reverse , move the car three foot . chaz there , I move the damn car . 7. int . hallway four man struggle to carry up that enormous mirror . the Old woman follow , beg they to be gentle . they swing the mirror around , take out a chunk of banister . she freak . int . apartment 7b hennessey can only watch as John thread the drapery rope through the fire escape railing , drape it back through the window and loop it over the ceiling fan . he climb onto the bed , lean over the child whose eye have close and she 's shaking badly . her body seem to be go into shock . be not strong enough for this . John have no choice -- slap she . eye pop back open . Dark and dilate . he yell down at she in aramaic and English . JOHN amar natash bow basar ! -- rescind from the flesh I command thee -- the girl choke as if ready to spit . JOHN that 's it -- time to go home . jeanie scream -- jeanie tiempo para morir ! her body suddenly pulse half again larger . John recoil for a beat . odd . he continue in aramaic -- JOHN amar natash bow basar -- another pulse and this time a shape be clearly see expand under the child 's skin -- as if the demon inside be try to burst right through . John back off -- watch as the shape ripple she flesh , like finger caress from the other side . John glance to hennessey . what the hell ? mirror arrive at the doorway , bang against the jam . John wave they in . the four man heft it into the room . JOHN lift it . over the bed . up. ( continued ) 8. continued : John duck , settles on the girl as they raise it over he . JOHN hennessey , tie it off -- hennessey be glad to be call into service -- quickly tie one end of rope to the mirror . John straddle the girl , position he head between she and the mirror above he . JOHN now close you eye -- all of you -- and whatever happen -- do not look into the mirror . the man close they eye . muscle tense under the weight . JOHN amar natash bow basar ! -- rescind from the flesh I command thee ! jeanie react -- that shape reappear , contort the young body all out of proportion . John unblock the mirror for a second and jeanie be reflect inside . it 's not just the image of a young girl in there , but something else . the surface of the mirror flext in the hand of the man . one start to look -- JOHN no ! jeanie scream -- break free of the strap . she rise up , grab John tight around the throat . Nails dig deep . hennessey John ?! JOHN ( look into mirror ) not yet ! John struggle , put he hand over she mouth -- cut off she air supply . question be , who 's go to pass out first ? jeanie 's body be rack by whatever 's inside she . she go into shock , body collapse -- shaking -- close to death . ( continued ) 9 . continued : JOHN look ! look at I ! but she 's pass out first . John quickly take the medallion that cause the earlier reaction -- JOHN goddamit -- look ! -- and press it against she forehead . eye snap wide and John unblock the mirror . jeanie lock on she reflection and the image in the mirror change drastically . JOHN smile pretty you vain prick . the child 's reflection have now change to a piss off demon . one that know it just get sucker in . mirror vibrate wildly in the men' grip . demon reflection ripple the glass -- bend it outward into three - D space as the girl take she last breath -- JOHN now , hennessey . now ! hennessey pull the rope with all three - hundred - plus pound as John give the demon face a full extend finger . JOHN for you boss . demon push for he but mirror be jerk into motion . swing right out the window but catch on a sliver of wood -- JOHN no you do not . John jump up and help push the mirror free . ext . apartment build - huge mirror Falls slow motion from the 7th story -- tumble end over end , sunlight beam glance off the glass , projecting the image of the demon into the LA cityscape . onto building , sidewalk , a pass truck -- until all three hundred pound of iron and glass come crashing down on the taxi 's hood . ( continued ) 10 . continued : chaz shit ! demon 's image shatter on impact -- glass splintering into a million diamond - like fragment that choke the air . the groan of something evil reverberate into the city beyond . chaz look up , see he miss die by three foot . int . apartment - continuous action jeanie gasp -- take she first breath as a child again . and cry . mother pull she in , hug she tight . note the girl 's fingernails . no longer black . John 's beat , reclaim that stub of a cigarette , still burn . take a drag . he push past hennessey who be approach the mother . hennessey now about the fee ... John slip from view into the kitchenette , hide the fact that he have to lean against the door to keep he balance . he catch he breath , look up and be stare right at a child 's crayon draw magnete to the fridge . a draw of a figure poke another in the side with a long stick . this image be repeat over and over . John tug it off the fridge , tuck it away . int . apartment build - stairwell - later hennessey follow John down the spiraling stair , pass the gather tenant . a few be freak , cross themselves . other horrify . but many want to touch they , shake they hand . a shadowy figure several floor up stare over the rail at the heroes below . note the slick suit , the polished veneer . this be balthazar and he definitely do not rent here . he flick a ancient coin between he finger . JOHN pause , gaze up through the stairwell as if sense something . no one there . balthazar be go . ( continued ) 11 . continued : JOHN shake off the feel , continue down the step where hennessey be shove he hat in front of the tenant . they be gladly give to the cause . hennessey thank you . yes ... gracias ... JOHN hennessey . hennessey stop he panhandle , continue toward the exit . int . foyer John and hennessey stop near the front entrance . John rip the white collar from hennessey 's neck . hennessey I know , I know , but I do not think she be really possess , not like that . JOHN I be not back a hour and you drag I into -- hennessey -- do not be mad , John , do not be -- John rummages through he coat pocket -- hennessey on the leave side . John keep search . hennessey vest pocket . John rip he smoke from the leave vest pocket -- JOHN do not do that shit on I -- hennessey sorry , sorry . here , you can have half . hennessey start to divvy the cash but John snatch the hat . ( continued ) 12 . continued : JOHN I should take it all , save you from yourself . he gesture that bag bottle in hennessey 's jacket . hennessey it keep they out , so I can sleep . please , John , I need to sleep . John stare at he pathetic friend , sigh , finally slip a few bill from the wad and hand they over . hennessey be bubbling with appreciation , start to follow . John simply hold up a hand . hennessey stop , watch John walk out . alone . ext . alley by the apartment John turn the corner , spot chaz punch a dent from the taxi 's hood . JOHN I tell you to move it . chaz well maybe if you have tell I you be drop a three - hundred pound mirror with a piss - off demon in it I would have move it further . chaz slam the hood . they slide into the car . chaz well ? JOHN well what ? chaz reach back into John 's front coat pocket -- pull out hennessey 's wad of cash -- slip off a few bill . chaz should not have cut you stay in the land of enlightenment . you be so close to grow a conscience . John grin , pull he special lighter , light a smoke and sit back . ( continued ) 13 . continued : JOHN Los Angeles ... he look back up at the apartment , still puzzle . JOHN never cease to entertain . chaz cram the car in gear as John take a drag , cough . ext . the sky one of that perfect day . with perfect cloud . so clear you feel you could reach out and touch Heaven . two young girl rise into frame on side - by-side swing . for a moment they be suspend against that incredible sky . then gravity take hold and they fall back to Earth . man ( v.o . ) you still with I ? int . subway - day angela be ( 30 ) weary eye open . she 's on she belly hide between track tie and shadow even deeper . grip a police - issue revolver tight . she 's pin down , unable to move . angela yeah ... the man be thirty foot down the same track . they voice echo off the curve wall , come from everywhere . how either of this two get here be not important . who will get out be . man ( o.s. ) so what 's next , detective ? we gonna do a full marathon ? intermittent radio chatter buzze from Angela 's walkie - talkie . you get the sense Angela be not alone in here . angela put you weapon on the track and step out with you hand above you head . ( continued ) 14 . continued : man ( o.s. ) or how ' bout you show yourself and I put a bullet in you skull just like I do hers ! angela that 's just not go to happen . man ( o.s. ) you sure about that ?! Angela check the chamber -- see she have one bullet leave . angela ( almost plead ) now put down you weapon on the track and -- ground begins to vibrate . tunnel start to glow . man ( o.s. ) well be not this a peach ?! Angela look back , see several shadow of figure wave far off . her radio be flood with futze chatter . detective weiss ( v.o . ) ( over radio ) get off the track ! blueline be come ! clear the track ! Angela peek over the track . still no sign of she perp . the train be come into view and its beam shoot through the tunnel , turn every particle of dust into a supernova . the SOUND be deafening . man ( o.s. ) c'mon , detective , step into the light and be save !! Angela look back , squint into the brilliant light . she grip she gun and in one burst of flat - out bravado -- rise as she aim . and there he be -- the man rise with he own gun . Angela fire as both dive off the track . his bullet ricochet behind she . hers find its mark . man go down right in the train 's path . ( continued ) 15 . continued : Angela roll over on the side of the track , catch she breath . she close she eye and cross herself as the train roar past in a staccato blur . ext . 20 lane bowling alley - day chaz 's taxi pull up , park . taxi trunk open , reveal suitcase stamp with AIR india . John start inside , pause as chaz yell -- chaz there be four bag . I have two hand . this give you any idea ? JOHN make two trip ? John walk in . chaz curse under he breath . int . 20 lane bowling alley even league be go strong . John walk in , look totally out of place . he move down the ball rack area , run he finger across the various leftover , finally stop at a pearl - white dazzler . he lift it from the rack , step out into the prep area -- in front of one of the few lane not in use . number 13 . John snatch a grease pencil from the overhead , scribbles right on the ball -- " provision deplete . " he fluff he trench coat back , step onto the polished wood with he well - travel oxford . Young bowler on both side stop to look at this oddity . a attractive brunette be rather curious . John give she a wink . her boyfriend do not appreciate it . John bowl . perfect hook ball . Strike ! brunette grin . John return the smile , head into the hallway by the pool table . 16 . int . john' apartment seem small until you walk in and realize it 's as long as a bowl lane . make that cage enclose bed at one end seem like it 's a mile away . chaz throw the suitcase on it as John arrive . chaz ( yell across room ) simple question . how much longer do I have to be you slave ? John pull a chain and a wall of window shutter open . JOHN you be not my slave , chaz . you be my very appreciate assistant . like Tonto and Robin and that skinny fellow with the fat friend . along the floor , encircle the entire room , be 5 gallon sparklett bottle . each be adorn by a small hand - mark cross . John take a moment to adjust one out of place . chaz how much longer ? John do not like he tone . JOHN well I do not know , what 's the go rate for save a taxi driver hang from he fingernails about to be swallow into the jaw of Hell ? chaz so what time you want I back ? John give he a know look , go back to empty he pocket . JOHN I need to make a appearance at midnite 's . say ten-ish ? chaz sigh , start out -- JOHN chaz ...? chaz turn back , catch a object John throw he . ( continued ) 17 . continued : JOHN a little something from delphi . it 's a dashboard air freshener shape like a cow . chaz tip it . moooooo . John find it rather amusing . chaz gee , thanks . chaz leave . John remove a small black BOX from he jacket . he set it carefully on its own shelf by the window -- stare out . beeman ( o.s . ) ' provision deplete ? ' John turn to see beeman waddle in . beeman I give you three month worth . you be go only one . this diminutive occult version of bond 's " q " carry a custom bowl bag and squint in the light like a mole . JOHN what can I say , beeman , India be a real drain . they shake hand . beeman set he bowl bag onto the table , unzip it . beeman so what do you need ? JOHN everything you get . beeman ( pause ) you smell something , John ? JOHN maybe . incubus in this girl I just exorcize seem a bit more spirite than usual . beeman start pull thing out . first be a fray rag . then glass container ... ( continued ) 18. continued : beeman well , I have get you stone fragment from the Road to Damascus , dust from the Dead Sea scroll -- oh , you will love this -- out come a little matchbox with a smile bug graphic . beeman screech beetle from mount sinai . he shake the matchbox and the beetle flutter inside . it 's wing create a eerie high - pitched whirl . John shrug . so ? beeman yeah , to you it 's nothing but to the fall -- like fingernails on a chalkboard . JOHN what be it with you and bug ? beeman pull out a set of sculpture brass knuckle . actually solid gold and engrave with religious marking . John take they , try they on . Nice fit . beeman gold be bless by the Bishop anicott during the crusade . John spot a foot - long copper tube in the bag , pull it out , grip the bicycle handle on one end . beeman watch it there . with this puny little thing ? John give the handle a squeeze and whoooosh -- ten-foot flame belches out . beeman Dragon 's breath . JOHN I think you could not get it anymore . beeman shrug , modesty . John start to put it down on the table and beeman quickly pull the fray rag away . ( continued ) 19 . continued : beeman whoa , do not want to get a flame near this . ( off John 's look ) piece of the shroud mose wear to the mountain . John pick it up -- you be shitting I , right ? nope . JOHN get any callinicus ? beeman ( intrigue ) how spirite be this incubus ? JOHN ( cough ) like it be try to come right out through the girl beeman just stare at he -- be this a joke ? JOHN I know how it sound ... beeman we be finger puppet to they , John , elaborate costume -- they can work we but do not come through we . they can not . you know that . JOHN check the scroll anyway . corinthian . see if there be any precedent . beeman sure , John . anything else ? JOHN ( cough again ) would not happen to have anything for -- beeman set down a bottle from the bag -- vick 's 44 . beeman on the house . ext . los angele police department - day lot of blue on blue in this parking lot . 20 . int . locker room locker door open and Angela be there , cover in the grime of the subway . she 's pain as she pull off she shoulder holster . look at herself in the door mirror . tire , aging eye stare back . weiss ( o.s. ) gutsy move out there , dodson . Angela glance at detective weiss as he open he locker . angela gutsy ? well that 's a new one . the two exchange a look . weiss you be alive . bad guy 's dead . no point in use the other word . angela thanks . weiss ( shut he locker ) even though it be reckless -- irresponsible -- stupid ... angela I know you still care . weiss you be good , Angela , real good but one of this day ... angela ( hear it before ) I know , nobody 's luck last forever . he meet she eye . exactly . he really do care . Weiss break it off , leave . Angela turn to close she locker door , notice she reflection do not turn . she grab the door , look back in . reflection be as it should be . she shudder , slam the locker door . ext . club midnite - 10 pm so exclusive there 's not even a line out front . just a pair of bouncer wait to roll someone just for fun . ( continued ) 21 . continued : chaz follow John from the cab to the entrance . a bouncer select a picture card from a deck . on the front be two flying dolphins . only we can see the back , which be -- JOHN two frog on a bench . yep . they let he pass . chaz step up and lucky he -- he get the same two flying dolphins . chaz two frog on a bench . but chaz be stiff - armed because the back of this card show a bear in a dress . chaz what ? but I be with he ! right , John ? John ? John glance back -- give he a impassive look . chaz back away , stare after he . someday . int . club midnite music flood this exclusive establishment . it 's a clash of culture and influence not easily date . a retro speakeasy for the new millennium . John walk through a maze of passage while the fantasy of a twisted city play out in the shadow . he pause , see a clan of suite businessman in a corner , show off for several lady . one fill a line of shot glass from a pitcher of water . another wave he hand over they , turn the water into red wine . the lady be very impressed , drink up . nico , a young black man , walk past John . nico Neighborhood 's go to Hell . John offer a half smile . he like this kid , walk on . one of the man in the group turn , watch john. balthazar . he grin and pocket that odd coin . int . hallway John start up a long flight of stair , stop in front of two very large door . ( continued ) 22. continued : they surface be ancient , the wood petrify over countless century . John place he finger into the gnarled fold , close he eye -- JOHN numquam leadatur a morsu . a live groan bellows from the rigid seam but the door do not budge . JOHN bastard change the code again . ( bang the door ) midnite ! come on , do I have to huff and puff here ?! the door unlatch . int . midnite's office sweep across a meticulously - craft orrery , a scientific sculpture that normally display we solar system in relative motion . but the planet here be ancient relic with symbol and name -- material , astral , spiritual , iconic , etc . and the globe at the center -- " creator . " this be a orrery of the force of the Universe . and it 's not move . midnite ( o.s. ) et separatur a plasmate tuo , ut num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui serpentes ... John step in through the door behind . JOHN decide which color to paint this place again ? pappa midnite stand in the jungle he call a office . part African witch doctor , part savvy businessman . a full six and half foot of solid contradiction . midnite you be back early . JOHN I get tired of spend you money . ( continued ) 23. continued : midnite but I be sure you spend enough . JOHN well I do have a certain standard of live . midnite tell I you find it . JOHN I find the vault . midnite that 's not what I ask . JOHN hey , can I help it if Buddhist monk do not take bribe ? midnite stride toward he when John calmly pull from he pocket a small ebony and gold relic . it stop midnite cold . JOHN gotcha . a reluctant grin crack midnite 's stern feature . he take the relic in he thick finger -- stare breathlessly at a gaunt figure brace itself against a cosmic wind . midnite second century depiction of a sephiroth in the 4th realm ... JOHN right . so we good here ? midnite ignore he outstretch palm , slide the relic precisely onto one of the many rod jutting from the universal orrery . midnite it should counter the iconic plane -- JOHN that damn thing 's never go to balance . midnite let go and the complex machine actually start to move . to turn . ( continued ) 24 . continued : John be somewhat intrigue until the newest relic collide with another and the orrery jam to a halt . midnite deflate , stare at John , suspiciously . midnite must I remind you of what sell fake relic will do to you health ? JOHN it 's authentic , midnite , you just have the wrong piece . Jesus ... the two have a mini stare - down . John 's rigid poker face be only break by a cough . midnite sigh , break it off . JOHN what ? -- I do not blink -- that be a cough . you never cough ? midnite reach into he tuxedo jacket and hand over a thick stack of hundred . JOHN better not be any Washington in here this time . midnite why do you cut you trip short ? John stop the count , actually think about it . JOHN I do not know ... just a feel -- John suddenly spin toward the entrance door , be stunne to see -- JOHN balthazar . balthazar be behind he . utterly confident . chillingly so . balthazar we be not still whining about Manhattan , be we ? John 's attempt to disguise he anger fail . balthazar that expression alone have make my entire night . ( continued ) 25 . continued : John take several step toward he . Grins. malevolent . there 's history here . JOHN I will make you night -- I will deport you sorry ass right where you stand -- midnite JOHN . John stop in he track . JOHN it 's bad enough that you let this half - breed in at all but this piece of shit -- balthazar perk of become a primary investor . JOHN what ?! midnite 's eye say it all -- not here , not now . balthazar thing change , balance shift . get use to it , Constantine . JOHN not while I be still breathe -- John start to cough again . balthazar I be sorry , I do not catch that . John try to catch he breath , can not . and that scare he a bit . he try to hide it , push out . ext . club midnite John slam out the exit -- cough . he pull the vick 44 from he jacket , struggle with the child protector cap . hennessey hey , John . ( continued ) 26 . continued : John be surprised to see hennessey wait . he choke , be about to bust the vick 44 bottle . hennessey grab hold , twist off the cap with one flick . John guzzle the syrup . hennessey I be real sorry about this morning , John , real sorry . please do not hate I for draggin ' you into that . please do not ... John can finally breathe . JOHN I do not hate you . hennessey that 's good to hear . Real good ... JOHN but could you at least wait until I call for you before you show up ? hennessey you do not call ? JOHN not yet . Jesus , hennessey , you freak I out sometimes . hennessey so you want I to go away and come back ? JOHN no . I have get a assignment for you . hennessey really ? what kind of assignment ? JOHN the kind you will have to be sober for . hennessey oh God , you want I to surf the ether . he instinctively touch a amulet around he neck . four intersect cross . JOHN come on , you know that exorcism be not right . ( continued ) 27 . continued : hennessey I ... I do not have the sight anymore . JOHN do not have it or do not want to use it ? hennessey vacillate . this be obviously tough for he . JOHN just look around . a few day . you spot anything unusual , anything -- you let I know . okay ? John wrap a arm around he shoulder like a good buddy , then reach behind he neck -- JOHN it will be like old time . -- and unclip the amulet from hennessey 's neck . that unnerve the big guy . John drop it in hennessey 's pocket . JOHN just for a few day . hennessey okay , okay ... for you , John . like old time . right . hennessey take one last sip from he drink , hand the bottle over . John downs the rest . nod . int . ST . anthony' church - confession booth - night Angela sit inside . angela I kill a man today . another one . father garret sit on the other side of the mesh window . father garret I be sorry , Angela . angela most cop go twenty year without fire they gun . not I . I always seem to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . 28 . int . apartment build - series of shot - night Angela arrive home . pour milk for a cat . let she hair down . slip off she shoe . angela ( v.o . ) I do not even see he face . I just pull the trigger and he go away . just like all the other ... Angela in the shower -- try to wash off the guilt . father garret ( v.o . ) this feeling be natural in you line of work , Angela . I would be worried if you do not have they . Angela now in a recliner , cat in she lap . she 's tired . eye be heavy . father garret ( v.o . ) but you have to be strong . you can not allow you faith to be overshadow by guilt . angela ( v.o . ) I be try . her eye close . angela ( v.o . ) I be try real hard . int . ravenscar - night Angela 's eye open . a Angela whose frighten feature be drip with a fever sweat . she 's in a hospital gown , stare around a corner . janitor polish the floor in the distance . a nurse check off chart in the f.g. and right between the two dart Angela , unseen by anyone . ext . rooftop - night a metal fire door swing open and Angela burst out -- breathe deep . she run across the tar roof , almost afraid to look back . she get to the ledge , step up . a bottle in the way fall -- follow it down to the -- 29 . courtyard -- where it shatter -- int . ground floor hospital room the sound have draw the attention of barry ( 10 ) lie in bed . he move up and stare out the window -- see the break glass in the courtyard . he scan up the building and spot a figure stand on the roof . rooftop - wider chill April air flutter Angela 's gown , vaporize she breath . tear stream down she cheek as she contemplate the unthinkable . cityscape of light be spread out below but Angela be see something else . reflected in her eye -- be a city engulf in red flame . follow that tear with the same reflection of fire inside as it trace she cheek and slip into she mouth . angela shudder , rub she wrist where we see the skin have swell and reddene just like the prisoner 's . and there 's that same circular symbol in the flesh . she wipe she tear -- try to be strong . take a few breath for courage , they simply step off . int . barry room barry wide eye follow she down . ext . courtyard - later Barry approach across the barren courtyard , lean down to Angela 's contort body . but she 's still alive . Barry stare into eye that be fade fast . he reach out , touch she face . eye close . she 's go . int . angela' apartment Angela stir awake . disturb . over this we hear incessant coughing -- 30 . int . john' apartment - bathroom John switch on the light , lean up from the sink and wipe he mouth with a towel . it 's cover with blood . more run down the drain . he stare at himself in the mirror . on John 's worried eye -- match CUT to : angle - angela' eye look equally distraught . weiss ( v.o . ) it 's she , Angela ... ext . ravenscar hospital - wider - continuous action - day Angela be lead by detective Weiss past several officer and medical personnel . weiss it 's isabel . they arrive at the cover body in the courtyard . coroner see Angela approach and lift the sheet from the face . Angela come to a dead stop , emotion come fast and furious . she lean close and we see a mirror of Angela . that 's when you realize that be not a dream . this be she twin . but that circular symbol be nowhere on she wrist now . Angela 's eye well with tear . it take everything she have to stay in control . help to wrap herself in the job . she step back , look up at the tall building . angela she ... she fall from the roof ? weiss no . she jump . Angela give he a incredulous glare . shake she head . weiss I know it 's hard to accept but -- ( continued ) 31 . continued : angela isabel would never in a million year take she own life . never . weiss Angela ... there be a surveillance camera on the roof . int . hospital - day John march down a hallway , he trench coat a step behind . he unconsciously rub he leave wrist , cough . flick a unlit smoke between he finger . John stop at a doctor 's office door -- hesitates . int . ravenscar - surveillance footage View of the rooftop . there 's isabel in she nightgown , step up -- pause just a second . then one step and she 's go . so clear . so unrefutable . wider Angela shudder as a comforting hand rest on she shoulder . weiss ( o.s. ) take some time ... Angela brushes off he hand , then spot Weiss and the other on the other side of the room . whose hand be that ? int . doctor' office a line of light box illuminate several chest x-ray . a dark sinister splotch snake through both lung . John stand there , stare at this wall of death with disbelief . JOHN no -- I have beat thing , insurmountable thing , thing most people have never even hear of and after all that you think I be go to be do in by this ? he raise a puny little cigarette . DR. les archer ( 50 ) sigh . a delicate bedside manner be not he specialty . ( continued ) 32 . continued : dr . archer you would not be the first , John . JOHN it can not be that simple . I mean come on , Les , you save I before . you can do it again , right . dr . archer this be different . this be aggressive . John try to stay cool -- fail . he trashes the x-ray box . disease lung disappear . Doc shake he head . dr . archer twenty year ago you do not want to be here . now you do not want to leave . JOHN that 's because I know exactly where I be go this time . int . hallway John step outside of the Doctor 's office , pause to gather himself . he start walk . want out of here fast . int . ravenscar - hallway Angela be on the move . emotion be come in strong . she can not get out of here fast enough . she aim for the elevator , see a man have just enter one . angela ( rush toward it ) wait , hold the door ! Angela , get to the elevator , look in . John stand inside alone . this should be the first time we realize they be in the same hospital . angela go down ? John pause as the door start to close . ( continued ) 33. continued : JOHN not if I can help it . the door close right on Angela . ext . somewhere in istanbul - day a pickup truck cross a barren landscape . in the back bed be several goat and one prisoner . he grip the relic tight in one hand . that anxious fever have return . glaze eye dart to the side and lock on a rise jetliner in the distance -- dart back to the road they be on -- head the opposite way . prisoner clamp he eye tight , grip to the relic tighter . eye snap open and he turn , thrust he elbow through the center window , lean in and grab the Driver -- jerk he head back against the bulkhead -- crack it in the process . prisoner latch onto the wheel , take control . he swerve the car off the pavement , get out and take over as driver . truck continue on , bounce through a shallow ditch and into the field beyond , aim straight for the rise airliner in the distance . ext . L.A. apartment - day Close to condemn status . scan up floor after floor , coming to rest on a window cover with aluminum foil . int . hennessey' apartment every wall of this tiny shithole be cover in aluminum foil . a sober hennessey stand surround by decade of newspaper and periodicals -- try to get he breathe in check . he instinctively reach to he neck to touch the amulet but it 's not there . oh yeah -- in the pocket . decision make , he reach up , start tear the foil from the wall and the window . 34 . ext . echo park ( downtown l.a . ) - day John sit at a park bench . motionless . take in the world . Cloud pass the sun . shadows drift across the city . leave swirl after pass car . John just sit there , hearing every breath he take , wonder which one will be he last . ellie ( o.s. ) lung cancer ? lung cancer ?! John turn to see ellie ( 23 ) strutting up the sidewalk . uninhibite . ooze sex appeal . but dangerous . in more way than you think . ellie that 's funny as shit , John . JOHN as if you guy do not have something to do with it ... ellie hey , I think you bring this one on yourself . John stare at she , try to get a read . ellie now why would not you trust I ? JOHN I do not know , something in the air -- she sit right on he lap , playfully . ellie do not worry , John , you will beat this . you beat everything . JOHN not this time , ellie . John lift she off of he , set she aside . ellie oh wow , you be serious ... no wonder the boss be in such a good mood . JOHN yeah , I think maybe you could talk to he for I . you know ...? ( continued ) 35 . continued : ellie jump off the bench , create a odd SOUND as she do . ellie what ?! dammit , John , I know I owe you but to even ask that ? all that saint and martyr slip through he grasp -- he own foot soldier send back to he in chunks . he 's go to take all that out on you , John , and he 's go to enjoy rip you soul to shred until the end of time . JOHN so I take that as a ' no ? ' ellie you be the one soul the man himself would actually come up here to collect . and you know how much he despise this place . JOHN I be start to see he point . ellie sit back down , stroke he arm . ellie have you go to see the snob ? like scratch finger across a blackboard . no way . ellie look , do not let you ego get in the way on this . I would miss have someone up here I can ... relate to . she give he a kiss . and for a second John 's leg be brush by a tail . John do not react . just turn and walk away . int . / ext . chaz' taxi - day see through a mild rain be the theological Society building , a forebode structure that look out of place for this city . John stare out the back seat window , take a swig from a bottle of hard liquor . he turn to chaz -- ( continued ) 36 . continued : JOHN I be sure I can get you in here . chaz give the building another glance , shove the meter flag back down . tick ... tick ... tick ... chaz pass . int . theological society - later a few bishop talk quietly . a cardinal study scripture . definitely not the place for atheist . John walk through the vault chamber room to the -- library John stop , fix on the two gentleman stand in front of a fireplace . one be a young man of pure class wrap in armani 's best . the other be Father garret . John stand to the side and wait for they conversation to end . a attendant make the round . attendant can I take you coat , Mr. Constantine ? JOHN no thanks , I be not stay long . attendant how about you , mar 'am ? attendant turn to Angela stand just a few foot away , she gaze fix on the same two man . angela I be not stay long either . John glance over and for the second time they make contact . something about she eye . John stare a bit too long . Angela look back toward the fireplace . angela my business with he be urgent . JOHN first come , first serve . ( continued ) 37 . continued : angela so you be rude no matter where you be . John give she a look . the two man shake hand and start to part . John and Angela make they move toward the man . both be surprised when Angela go for Father garret and John go for -- -- the snob , officially know as gabriel . yes , that one . father garret and Angela have retreat to another area for privacy . angela why be he stalling on this ? my sister need a Catholic funeral . father garret Angela , it 's still consider a mortal sin -- angela she do not commit suicide . father garret the Bishop have read otherwise . angela Father ... David -- this be isabel. ( meeting he eye ) please ... Father garret stare at she , try to be compassionate . father garret I will talk to he again . but Angela have just lose a load of faith . by the fireplace Gabriel sit in he chair , watch the fire with unblink eye . John approach from behind and against the backdrop of flame , see the nebulous shape of wing . the ghostly image be visible for only a heartbeat . gabriel ( without look back ) I know what you want , son . ( continued ) 38 . continued : John sit across from he . JOHN be keep you all - see eye on I , have you ? gabriel I could offer how a shepherd lead even the most wayward of he flock but it might sound disingenuous . JOHN so you be go to make I beg ? Angela pause on she way out , look over . gabriel it would not help . you have already waste you chance at redemption . JOHN what about the minion I have send back , the soul that I have save -- that should guarantee my passage across -- gabriel ( keep it private ) -- no -- passage require faith and faith by definition be belief without proof . you have proof . and that mean you be not play by the same rule as everyone else . you work have mostly be for selfish reason . I be sorry . JOHN this be bullshit -- bullshit ! now he 's really get Angela 's attention . JOHN it 's like you have get some cosmic scale weigh everything we do -- help a old lady across the street -- put in a nickel , kick a dog , take out a dime -- you be fuck nickel and diming we to death down here ! gabriel keep you voice down . ( continued ) 39 . continued : John jump up , lean into he face . JOHN and you know what , you be the one with the problem , not we -- you make this impossible rule to decide who go up , who go down and you do not even understand we -- this more than anything get under Gabriel 's skin . gabriel each of you be bear with the promise of salvation preordain . the cost of you redemption be simple belief . and yet you whine about impossible rule . sometimes I imagine you hardly deserve the gift you have be give . JOHN gift ?! more like a curse the way you manage thing . Gabriel stand and tower over John . gabriel I be take you situation into account , John , but do not push I . JOHN why I , Gabriel ? it 's personal , be not it ? I do not go to church enough ? I do not pray enough ? I be five buck short in the collection plate ? why ? Gabriel move right up to he , make this very personal . gabriel you be go to die because you smoke 30 cigarettes a day since you be 15 . and you be go to Hell because of the life you take . or to put it in a way that you kind would understand . you be fuck . ext . theological society - minute later Angela stand on the porch at the edge of a downpour . she hear a cough , look over to see John stand on the other side , look equally fray . they share another glance . ( continued ) 40 . continued : John fish a pack of cigarettes from he pocket . empty . JOHN he have a rotten sense of humor . ( step past ) and he punch line be killer . John toss the cigarette pack , walk right into the rain , away from chaz 's taxi pull up . chaz ( shouting out ) John ? it 's raining ! hey ! Angela watch John disappear in the rain , look down at the empty cigarette pack . dissolve to : int . hennessey' apartment - a cigarette pack lie on the floor next to food wrapper , Coke bottle and stack of newspaper . hennessey sit amongst the garbage , slump over . but he 's not sleep . he 's surfing the ether . allow he sixth sense to guide he . his hand move down and across the stack of new periodicals , finger probing the layer of information . Left hand suddenly stop . hennessey 's eye open . he remove the layer of periodicals on top of he leave hand , lean close . edge he finger away and see a obituary . a name -- isabel dodson . ext . L.A. street - evening John walk the street , numb to the world . a rat scurries past near the curb . then another . several crow fly by . above he be a billboard - " you time be running out . " do not matter that below it be -- " to buy a new chevy . " the point be crystal clear . John shake he head , break out laugh which quickly turn into a cough fit . he lean to a gutter . another rat scoot past . John barely notice . then a frog jump past . but it 's the crab crawl by that finally catch John 's gaze . ( continued ) 41 . continued : voice of man ( o.s. ) hey , buddy , you get a light ? John turn , settles on a silhouett figure stand behind he , unlit cigarette butt in its mouth . old man ( cough ) we gotta stick together , right ? John gather himself . as he walk over to this old man , he rummages through he coat pocket , retrieve a matchbox . the box shudder as a high-pitch fluttering filter from inside . Old man wince as he entire body vibrate . John realize -- this be beeman 's matchbox , the one with the screech beetle inside . and now he know -- a beat too late . Old man attack . John be knock onto he haunch . as the Old man close in , he 's reveal in more detail . body and face be actually a intricate puzzle , a assemblage of city vermin . rat , insect , crow , frog , crab -- all hold together in the shape of a man . John scamper backwards , just inch from this be 's outstretch grasp . he shake the matchbox and the screech beetle inside flutter again . Old man / demon cringe as he entire body vibrate apart for a second , then snap back together . he grab onto John with finger of squirming vermin . snake wrap around he wrist . crab snap at he skin . John shake the beetle box harder -- cause the part to vibrate even further . Old man grab John 's head and vermin of various leg count crawl right onto John 's face . John 's have enough -- shake the matchbox violently , then smashes it against the sidewalk . beetle let out a death shriek and the Old man stutter -- he part vibrate so wildly you can actually see the b.g. through the seam . John scamper loose , grab a road barricade and swing it with all he might . Old man form shatter on impact . ( continued ) 42 . continued : the entire mess collapse to the ground in a flood of scatter critter . John start stomping on they as they scatter into the city . John stand there , shocked and concerned . what the hell be go on ? int . angela' apartment - day that surveillance video footage from ravenscar play again . there 's isabel in she nightgown walk across the roof . spread out on a cluttere coffee table be isabel 's case file . coroner' report be open . let 's see " no drug in system " and the biggie -- " Cause of death -- suicide . " Angela sit on the couch in she robe . dishevel and distraught . she 's take this hard . angela I be sorry , isabel ... she lower she head . and in that brief moment of silence -- isabel ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) Constantine . Angela snap back to the tv , freeze in shock . there 's isabel ready to jump but this time she 's look right back at we -- at Angela . then she 's go . Angela quickly rewind the tape and watch the sequence again . this time isabel do not look back . this time there be no name . but Angela do see it . do hear it . she sit for a second . stun . int . midnite's office John pace as midnite work on that universal orrery , adjust component but balance continue to elude he . JOHN a few month , maybe a year . that 's it . end of story . game over . ( more ) ( continued ) 43. continued : JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( as midnite do not react ) well , do not break down on my account . midnite what do you want from I ? a shoulder to cry on ? JOHN this bastard attack I right out in the open -- on sepulveda no less . midnite they do not like you , John . you have deport how many back to Hell ? JOHN that 's just it -- this be not some possession or wayward half breed , it be a full - fledge demon . here . on we plane . midnite right . JOHN I know what I see . midnite you must have just cross over and do not even realize it -- JOHN I do not cross over -- it be on this side . here . midnite -- it 's wet out , you be wander around aimlessly , not to mention completely emotional -- JOHN emotional ?! John slam a fist against the counter . the orrery almost topple but midnite save it . decade of work almost lose . midnite glare at a desperate John . ( continued ) 44 . continued : midnite okay , so you see something . we have see a few small one slip through now and then . JOHN it 's more than that ... first the girl , then this . midnite John , you know my connection . any shift or tremor in the plane and I would hear about it . John just shake he head , look up -- convinced . JOHN something 's come . midnite sigh , give up with he . int . lapd office - later the name JOHN constantine be center screen on a monitor -- type into the police station 's search engine . Angela sit alone in the squad room , rain streaking across the window . interpol come back with result and a list of prior scroll under John 's name . must be a hundred parking violation . several speed ticket and a few reckless endangerment . in fact John 's license have be revoked . but it 's the other incident that draw Angela in . brief closeup of specific word in a few headline -- " occult activity on the rise ... " " claim possession be refute by Bishop ... " " satanic cult dissolve ... " accompany with a assortment of unusual case photo . -- blood pattern on a wall -- odd symbol burn into a ceiling . a cross burnt to a crisp . -- JOHN in handcuffs look back at a mother hold she son in she arm . a young and more noble Father hennessey stand beside they , look grateful . ( continued ) 45 . continued : another line -- " insufficient evidence to prosecute . " Angela scroll , see city list where John have make wave -- london -- paris -- rome -- budapest -- moscow . stop on the one that matter -- los angele . and there 's a address . Angela hit print and the hp hum away . a desk phone ring . Angela quickly look around , see she 's the only one here . she get up , answer it . angela l.a.p.d. this be dodson , hello ? Dead air . the next phone ring . Angela reach for it when the next one ring , and the next , the next . the ring hop phone to phone in intimidating mockery . Angela freeze , force herself to stay calm . sure enough , the ring abruptly cease . Angela reach over , rip the page from the printer , leave . int . istanbul airport - day a police guard scan passenger and a printout of the prisoner . he walk past a man stand in the metal detector line . this be actually the prisoner wear the clothes and glass of the Driver . be that a blood stain on the lapel ? sweat drop from he forehead and he nervously place the iron relic in a bag he take from the truck driver . he have no choice but to place it on the conveyer belt . mysterious Pov watch the prisoner . he look back at we , suspicious . nothing there . prisoner look back nervously , as he bag go through the detector . 46 . detector screen show the fold of the bag , a wallet , a passport and nothing else . the iron relic do not even produce a outline . bag slide out , untouched . prisoner can not believe he luck , grab the bag and walk on toward the gate . ext . los angele - night various of the city -- the contrast between the bright and cheerful and the dark and mysterious . that abandon mission behind Bob 's Big Boy , the Islamic Temple wedge between compete bank . come to rest on -- the tower statue of the good shepherd . his hand be welcoming we into the " holy cross cemetery . " right across the street be the 20 lane bowl alley . int . 20 lane - the bar John drink alone . piss at life . at death . that small black box of he lie on the table unopen . spider run across the table . John flip a empty glass , trap it underneath . he take a drag on he cigarette , tip the glass and blow smoke inside . spider can not escape the poison air , bump the glass . trapped . dying . JOHN welcome to my life . angela ( o.s. ) Mr. Constantine ? John look up , spot Angela . that eye again . angela I see you at -- JOHN -- I remember . angela and -- JOHN yeah . ( continued ) 47 . continued : she do make a impression . angela I would like to ask you a few question . JOHN I be not really in the talk mood right now . angela could you just listen then ? Angela set she lapd detective badge on the table . angela please ? JOHN always a catch ... Angela sit across from he , put the badge away . angela my sister be murder last week . JOHN sorry to hear ... angela her name be isabel . isabel dodson ? she look for a reaction . none . angela you do not remember she ? JOHN never meet she . angela you sure ? JOHN she look anything like you ? ( as Angela nod ) I would have remember . another beat as they eye meet . John look away . ( continued ) 48 . continued : angela she be a patient at ravenscar . then last Tuesday she just decide to step off the roof . JOHN I think you say she be murder ? angela isabel would never take she own life . JOHN you would be surprised at what people will do . angela look , I know I be not make much sense -- hell I be not really sure what I be do here ... I just feel -- the circle you travel in -- the occult , demonology , exorcism ... John just stare at that spider in the glass . trapped . angela I believe someone get to she , Mr. Constantine , brainwash she into step off that roof . some kind of legion or cult . JOHN sound like a theory . good luck . angela well I think with you background and experience , you could at least point I in the right direction . JOHN yeah , okay . sure . John point -- toward the exit . Angela be not amused . but she 's not give up . angela my sister always talk about a world better than this . Heaven as some call it . she be not afraid of die because she know it be wait for she . what everyone fail to grasp be that if she have really take she own life -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : JOHN -- she would have commit a mortal sin and she soul would have go straight to Hell where it would never feel love or compassion or anything but pain again as the master himself rip she apart over and over for the rest of eternity . ( beat ) that about right ? the word have hit so hard that Angela be speechless . John see the hurt in she eye , would like to take it back -- but it 's too late . she turn and start out , slow -- angela you be not the only one afraid of Hell . John try not to let that get to he . she leave . he glance out the window , watch she pass by . so long . good riddance . but something 's not right . that deep shadow on the building seem to be move . John watch , confuse , realize they be head in Angela 's direction . JOHN oh shit ... he stand , gain he bearing . as he walk out he flick the glass over . spider run free . ext . 20 lane bowling alley - night Cars be line all the way down the street . Angela walk along the sidewalk unaware of the shadow follow she . it 's join by another in the tree -- both close in with each step . JOHN ( o.s. ) detective ! Angela look back , see John in the street . JOHN how open be you mind ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : she do not answer , continue walk . what she do not see be the shadow seeping back into the fringe . but John do . he start walk toward she . JOHN do you believe in Heaven and Hell ? ( off no answer ) how about what come out of each ? Angela keep walk . he catch up with she . JOHN hey ! angela you mean like angel ? JOHN and demon . Angela stare at he , continue walk . he keep up . JOHN see , you do not have the mindset for this kind of work . they walk together down the lonely street . angela look , I see terrible thing every day . a mother drown she baby . a ten -year- old shoot he father . but it 's not demon , it 's the evil that man do . behind they , a streetlight blink out . then another . they be not look back so they do not see it . JOHN you be right , we be capable of terrible thing but we usually justify it with motive like money and power and jealousy . another light fizhes , blink out . JOHN then sometimes , something come along and give we just the right nudge and we do truly evil thing just for the kick of it . ( continued ) 51 . continued : angela I do not believe in demon . JOHN you should . they believe in we . they pass another streetlamp as it go bright , then black out . both look up . the next lamp flare then fizhes out . Angela turn and see that there be no light behind they . she look to John . but he 's stare straight ahead . because now the light in front of they be flaring bright . JOHN we should go ... second later it blink off . John grab she hand -- JOHN fast . Angela 's confusion turn to tension as a raspy guttural wind race toward they . John jerk she into action . they run towards the next light . it blink out right when they reach it . they race to stay in the light , aim toward the safety of the brightly - light statue of the good shepherd . ext . holy cross cemetery they make it through the gate , pass through a alley of overhange tree . something ripples through the branch -- flitter right past Angela 's face . she swat at it , manage to get a branch across the cheek . they near the good shepherd and the floodlight flicker , fade out . statues of saint become dark monolith . John stop in a OPEN area between tree and a mausoleum . a light cross on the wall provide the only illumination . Angela feel the scratch on she cheek , see a trickle of blood . now she hear sound in the darkness . like leather rubbing . surround they . angela what be that ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : John be just as surprised he 's say this -- JOHN wing . angela wing ? John rummages through he trench coat -- fish out that cloth beeman give he . the one supposedly wrap around mose . JOHN and maybe talon . the cross be get dimmer and dimmer ... angela be you kid ? of what ? JOHN something that 's not suppose to be here . John quickly wrap the cloth tight around he hand . Angela spin , eye see only darkness as the sound get closer -- ghastly sound of movement in the fringe of light . the cross now resemble a die wire filament and with every second the circle of light get smaller and that sound get closer . John take out he special lighter . JOHN Close you eye . they be now stand in pitch darkness . angela why ? JOHN suit yourself . John flick the lighter and in one powerful motion -- sweep he arm up as he light he hand . Sacred cloth catch fire -- then ignite with a brilliant retina - searing flash -- blind Angela and illuminate a -- -- circle of winged demon -- a roiling broth of reptilian death -- right there -- ready to pounce . ( continued ) 53. continued : red flame radiate from the cloth and demon shriek as they be instantly vaporize . John tuck he burn hand into a coat pocket , extinguish the flame . he lean down to a rubbery stain leave from one of the burnt demon carcass . shake he head in disbelief . JOHN ( to himself ) ' I accidentally cross over ? ' I do not think so . angela ( come up behind ) what be that ? I see wing -- and tooth -- they be fly . what the hell be that thing ?! JOHN they be not angel . John scan the area , try to think this through . JOHN seplavite , actually . scavenger for the damned . ( off she lose look ) demon ? angela what ? you can not be serious ... this be impossible ... JOHN yeah ... ( to himself ) and I do not think they be after I ... John look at she with renew interest . JOHN you really believe she would not commit suicide ? angela ( a bit throw ) my sister ? ( a beat ) never in a million year . John make the decision . ( continued ) 54 . continued : JOHN let 's be sure . he start walk . Angela be now compel to follow . angela how ? JOHN simple . see if she 's in Hell . ext . L.A. county morgue - night not exactly a invite place . hennessey step off the curb , look up at he destination . int . angela' apartment - night John stare at a photo of Angela and she father in police uniform . obviously happier time . Angela walk out of she bedroom hold a cardboard box . that gray cat follow close to she heel . angela this be all isabel 's thing . JOHN the cat too ? angela yeah , why ...? John ignore the box of item , pick up the cat . he study it a bit , then sit back in a chair with it . angela do not you need candle and a pentagram for this to work ? JOHN ( deadpan ) why , do you have any ? John put he foot , shoe and all into a bucket of water . JOHN I need you to step outside now . ( continued ) 55 . continued : Angela want to stay . JOHN Angela ? please . Angela reluctantly move toward the exit . John hold the cat , stare into its huge , unblink eye . there 's a moment where animal and man seem to connect . the water around John 's foot begin to boil . angela push the door close behind she but it slow on its way to latch . bulb pulsate as current ramp down . the room flicker , be suddenly catch in a ghostly dim half - light and John have now cross over into -- apartment in hell same layout , different decorator . John take a deep , raspy breath , slowly stand . he turn to the wall behind he which be tear away , look like some half - bomb structure in Beirut . Beyond the wall be no longer the blackness of a nightscape but a sickly sepia glow . not quite day , not quite night . John step over the crumble wall into -- ext . hell los angele John walk out onto the top overpass of a crumble maze of intersect freeway . burnt - out husk of long - forget vehicle sit in row of gridlock . a low drone penetrate the silence . JOHN be she here ? on the horizon be a die red SUN . it strain to cut through the putrid brown haze . JOHN be she here ?! his voice reverberate to infinity . ( continued ) 56 . continued : John cautiously step closer to the railing , look down to the ribbon of twist street below . they be cramme with teeming mass of the damned . all walk down in silence , face numb with sorrow and grief . JOHN be she here ?! that low drone rise in pitch and John now spot a huge blanket - like blackness crawl over the cityscape , rapidly close in on he . you get the feel this be not a safe place for the live . JOHN it 's a simple question ! be she here or not ?!! John suddenly lock on something far off . on top of a distant skyscraper be a female figure in a sheer white gown . John can not make out she face but know she 's look right at he . JOHN isabel ? she lift something and toss it . John watch as a small object tumble toward he just ahead of close darkness . int . angela' apartment - hallway in that same motion we leave she in -- Angela finish push the door close . as it latch -- JOHN ( o.s. ) ( weakly ) Angela ... come back in ... confused , Angela push the door back open . cat bolt out . Angela catch she breath , move inside . int . live room John sit slump in the chair , drain . steam rise off he skin . Angela see the water in the bucket have almost all boil out . she walk in , kneel down to he . angela John ? what happen ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : sweat drip off as he look up . he open he palm -- reveal to Angela a simple hospital band . the name " isabel dodson " be type on it . even as a semi-convert , this news completely floor Angela . she take the plastic band -- grip it tight -- try to hold herself together . the adrenaline and pain overwhelm . her knee buckle and she drop to the floor . John watch , be not sure how to help . he finally reach out a single hand -- slowly rest it on she shoulder . the contact seem to open a floodgate of emotion and Angela fall right into he arm . John have not be this close to anyone in a long time . Angela finally compose herself . angela how ? how do you do this ...? John try not to stare into that eye too long . fail . int . L.A. county morgue - night body drawer slide open -- reveal isabel . lying in a cold , sterile room of death . a Hell of a different type . hennessey stare down at she , look around the room again , make sure he 's still alone . he reach in , rip open the protective plastic and lower he hand inside . place it first on she forehead . nothing . then on she chest . nothing . wrist be last . hennessey shudder . this be it . he close he eye and open himself to the void -- JOHN ( v.o. ) when I be a kid , I see thing ... flashback - ext . STREET - day a ten-year-old John come out of a corner store with milk in a bag . he slow , eye a man at a mailbox . JOHN ( v.o. ) thing I be not suppose to . the man look right at young John as he pass . his face be distort and he foot have sproute root which be dig into the ground . ( continued ) 58 . continued : waitress ( o.s . ) coffee ? Young John look up toward the voice -- int . diner - night ( present ) John look up at the waitress . JOHN tea . she leave . Angela sit across from he . they be at the table by the window . JOHN my parent send I to a doctor , a shrink , a priest . I be in four different institution by the time I be eighteen . Angela note he rub he wrist . JOHN the last place they put I be run by a church ... a doctor rush past they table . pan with he into ... flashback - int . mental institution - hallway the Doctor rush toward distant scream . JOHN ( v.o. ) the revere Father make the brilliant deduction that I be possess , say I need to be exorcise ... int . room - high angle the Doctor run in . see the revere Father below , lean over a bed where a 18 - year - old John be hold down by three intern and that Doctor . John angrily scream at they all . JOHN ( v.o. ) it be like someone try to pull tooth that be not there . Young John clamp he eye shut tight . 59 . int . diner - JOHN ( present ) present-day John do the same , remember the pain . JOHN so I take thing into my own hand and I find a way out . angela you attempt suicide . John see she 's look at he wrist . the hint of a jag scar can now be see under the sleeve . JOHN I never attempt anything . John 's reflection in the window become -- flashback - teenage JOHN kneel with a pair off scissors . he 's inside a ... int . classroom teenage John look up at a room fill with people from all walk of life . teacher , doctor , lawyer , garbage man . all somewhat different than normal . they sit in school chair and wait for John to do the deed . he put the blade to he wrist -- one swipe and the world around he accelerate away in a streak blur -- int . diner ( present ) angela but you be still here . alive . JOHN not my do . his chest suddenly heave forward -- and we be on ... flashback - teenage JOHN as he 's jolted by defib pad . he 's in the back of a ... int . ambulance - moving paramedics be soak in sweat . one look a bit like a young Dr. archer . heart monitor be flat line . there 's little hope . 60 . ext . los angele the ambulance move through a city that be transform . from this world 's Los Angeles to a barren Hell version . JOHN ( v.o. ) officially I be dead for seven minute . but believe I , seven minute in Hell be a lifetime . ambulance head toward that die red SUN . int . ambulance flat line on the monitor suddenly spike with a pulse -- int . morgue ( present ) hennessey 's hand jerk back from the plastic . his eye fix on isabel 's wrist . that odd circular symbol be back . hennessey 's unsettle , quickly shove the drawer close . he rush out , slam right into a security guard come in . security guard hey , what be you do in here ? Guard look back into the body room , see a drawer partially open . he walk over , pull it out further -- see the plastic cut away . Jesus . the symbol have already fade from isabel 's wrist . JOHN ( v.o. ) when I return I do not just see demon anymore , I could do the one thing they could not -- come and go as I please . ext . morgue - hennessey run as fast as a very obese man can -- aim for that phone booth on the corner . he grab the receiver , punch number as fast as he can . ring -- ring -- ring -- hennessey be there , John ... please ... something shiver up hennessey 's leg and into he body . eye glaze over and hennessey settles on a restaurant . ( continued ) 61 . continued : JOHN ( v.o. ) Heaven and Hell be right here , behind every wall , every face -- the world behind the world . it 's crossing over that 's the real trick . that 's why most demon can only whisper in we ear . but even a whisper can turn you favorite pleasure into you worst nightmare . int . late night restaurant hennessey barge in , squeeze past the maitre D '. maitre D ' Sir , you need a reservation ! but hennessey be on a quest . for food . and it 's everywhere . he start grab meal right off of plate . Fish , pasta , prime rib . shovel it all in . patron be yell -- scream . he 's eat as if he life depend on it . and even though he 's devour anything in sight , this huge man be waste away before we eye . in the middle of all this chaos be one customer calmly eat he meal . balthazar . hennessey hijack a food cart -- consume everything on it yet he skin be get looser and the body inside get thin . he grab a steak from a woman 's plate but she jerk it back so he bite into he arm . she scream as she husband pull she away . hennessey 's strength be wither away . desperate , he grab a fork , dig it into he own hand . a Hispanic busboy rush into the room , grab onto hennessey . JOHN ( v.o. ) but the worst demon be the one that be allow to be here -- the one that be half - human so they blend in ... balthazar stand , throw a few bill on the table and start toward the back exit . ( continued ) 62 . continued : JOHN ( v.o. ) ... just like that with the angel 's touch live alongside of we . the half - breed . that busboy lower hennessey to the floor . for a moment we see he frame against the front doorway . and in that instant we get a brief glimpse of -- alternate los angele a incredible pristine lake reflect a city of light . back to scene busboy look up , meet balthazar 's eye . bitter enemy . balthazar grin , flip that coin between he finger . he leave out the back exit . JOHN ( v.o. ) they call it ' the Balance . ' I call it hypocritical bullshit . int . diner JOHN so when one of they get a little cocky , pedal they influence or hijack a soul -- I deport they scaly ass right back to Hell . ( take a sip of tea ) I do not get they all but maybe enough to insure my retirement . angela sound like you be try to buy you way into Heaven . JOHN well , what would you do if you be sentence to a prison where half the inmate be put there by you ? not a serene image at all . Angela study he . angela why you ? I mean many go to Hell , why be you able to escape ? ( continued ) 63. continued : JOHN ( sip tea ) I do not know . angela God have a plan for all of we . JOHN not for I . John 's bitterness be obvious . Angela just stare at he -- finally -- angela isabel see thing too . John look up . moment be lose when she cellular ring . the cop in she react , flip it open . angela detective dodson here . ext . restaurant - later the morgue be see across the street . the Guard that chase hennessey be just outside . weiss ( o.s. ) Security Guard spot he near the body , chase he out . we move past Angela stand with Weiss . around they be a complete shamble of fine dining -- weiss he come over here , make a run at the entire menu and pow -- deflate like a fricken macy 's day balloon . -- come to rest on John 's shattered face . he stare down at hennessey . now yard of loose flesh sink over a assemblage of bone . only that rag black tie he wear be familiar now . John lean down to the remain of he friend . a cop start to intervene but Angela block he . let he be . John have trouble take this in , reluctantly reach into hennessey 's coat pocket -- find the protective amulet he himself remove from he friend . that 's even more crush . ( continued ) 64 . continued : JOHN shit ... ( sympathetic ) why do not you call I , you fat sonna bitch ... John lower he head , then spot blood stain on one of hennessey 's hand . he open the finger , study the fork wound . the blood be already drying over it . John reach over to the mess of dish on the floor and grab a melting ice cube . he push it into hennessey 's hand , wiping away the dry blood . it quickly become apparent -- this be not random stabbing . this be a shape . John take a napkin , lay it on the palm and press . residual blood create a symbol onto the napkin . it 's the same circular symbol we see on isabel 's wrist . John do not know what it be , but he know it 's important . JOHN ( to hennessey ) Rest in peace , Father . int . 20 lane - behind the lane with a loud crowd and 20 huge pin machine grinding away the noise back here be deafening . but this be beeman 's home . see the desk , the tv . the fold - away bed . beeman be on the phone . there 's a conversation but it 's way too noisy to hear . all we see be the emotion on beeman 's face . no doubt news of hennessey 's death be one of the biggy . beeman quickly reach for a marker , put it to paper and start draw -- listen and draw -- he 's finish , hang up . stare at the symbol . that cabinet with the ancient book now get he attention . JOHN ( v.o. ) I need to see where isabel die . ext . east LA - night graffiti-adorn wall give way to a tall iron fence , heavily - shadow grounds and finally the six-story hospital complex of ravenscar . ( continued ) 65 . continued : a rim - light figure stand on the roof . but this one be not wear a hospital gown , he 's wear a trench coat . angela ( v.o. ) seance , crystal -- channele ... we father think she be just try to get attention . she certainly do that . ext . rooftop Angela stand behind John . a large water tank be anchore to the roof next to she . note the flame logo . angela she would tell everyone about thing she say she see . crazy thing . thing that have not happen yet . she would scare my mother to death , talk on and on about revelation and the end of the world . then one day she just stop ... never say another word . JOHN so you put she in here . Angela do not need to be remind . it hurt even more now . JOHN show I she room . int . corridor John and Angela head toward isabel 's room . a nurse appear from around the corner walk with a boy . it 's Barry , the boy in the courtyard . he lock on Angela and when she make eye contact he break away from the nurse , run toward she with arm outstretch . nurse Barry ! he run right into Angela 's arm , hug she tight . Angela be totally baffle . John be thoroughly intrigue . nurse oh God ... ( continued ) 66 . continued : she rush in , gently tug the boy away . nurse no , Barry , that 's not isabel . Barry stare at Angela . he reach out , touch she face , confuse . nurse pull he back even further . nurse I be sorry . they be friend . he kind of have a crush on you sister . Angela nod , understanding . the nurse lead Barry away . he do not take he eye off Angela the entire time . neither do John . JOHN you be twin . Angela nod , step inside . John pause , think . int . isabel's room John step inside , give the sterile room a thorough scan . JOHN so how long ? angela two month . ( beat ) this time . he pull out a drawer , look at the bottom . angela I already do all that . John run he hand under the steel bed frame . angela now you be insulting I . JOHN you do not walk off a building without leave something behind . angela you see everything she leave behind . in that box . ( continued ) 67 . continued : JOHN maybe she leave something else . something more personal . just for you . Angela do not like that look he 's give she . JOHN you be she twin , Angela . twin tend to think alike . angela I be not like my sister . JOHN but you be at once time . when you be kid . when you would spend every waking hour with each other . you would start a sentence , she would finish it . you would get hurt , she would cry . angela that be a long time ago ... JOHN that kind of bond do not just disappear . angela there 's nothing here . Angela seem unbalance . John get more aggressive . JOHN she plan she death in this room , she think it up right where you be stand -- Angela back away . John advance . JOHN she know you would come -- she count on you to see what she see , to feel what she feel -- to do what she do . what do she do , Angela ? angela how should I know ? JOHN what do she do , Angela ? ( continued ) 68 . continued : angela I do not know ! JOHN what would you do ? Angela back into a wall . nowhere else to go now . JOHN what would you leave she ? what would it be ? where would it be ?! where would it be ? Angela lash out , shove John hard , push he out of she way . she turn to the window , almost hyperventilate . John stay back , watch . Angela open she eye . the tension seem to flow right out of she when she see -- angela the tree . ext . courtyard - night a lone tree stand in the center of the light courtyard . John and Angela approach it . examine it . nothing . John drop lower on the tree , to a child 's height . finally see something near the ground , gesture to Angela . she kneel down next to he , see what he see . that same symbol . the one hennessey carve into he hand . but this time there 's more . angela ( try to rationalize ) there must have be a tree in we backyard ... when we be kid ... John may not be buy it but he 's not say anything . his finger trace this word carve below the symbol -- JOHN ' cor 14:01 . ' angela cor ? JOHN corinthian . ( continued ) 69 . continued : angela ( shaking she head ) there be no 14h act in corinthian . John 's face go pale -- JOHN I need a church . int . hospital chapel - minute later several family sit in solemn prayer . the pastor comfort a man and wife . John and Angela slip through , head for the shelf of reference book on the back wall . they whisper . JOHN corinthian go to 21 act in the book of ethenius . it 's like a dark mirror of the Bible . it paint a different view of revelation , say that the world will not come to a end at the hand of God but be reborn in the embrace of the damned . angela there 's a difference ? JOHN depend on which side of the fence you be stand . John stop , casually stick he hand in the pastor 's bowl of holy water near the altar . angela so why have not I see this book before ? JOHN because it do not exist here on this side . John close he eye and the water in the bowl begin to boil -- angela ( o.s. ) what do you mean -- flicker candlelight slow to a stop , catch Angela mid-question and the room in that dim half - light . John turn and be inside -- 70 . same chapel - hell the epitome of blasphemy -- a church in Hell . only they do not worship God in here . and that 's not Christ on the cross . and that stain glass window be now slate black . John be now face book with completely different marking . he search as a drone rise in pitch and a inky blackness begin to flow down the wall , get closer to John with each heartbeat . he find the book , step back as he close he eye -- regular chapel angela -- not here on this side ? John turn , cover in sweat . he 's hold a book she 's never see , be already flipping through it . angela where do that come from ? JOHN ( stop to read ) 13:29 . 13:30 -- here ... corinthian 14:01 ... ( skim to this ) ' the sin of the father would only be exceed by the ego of the son . ' angela whose son ? John stand , he brain go into overdrive . JOHN symbol be not a demon' ... that 's why I could not place it ... not a normal possession ... angela John , what be you talk about ? JOHN but he can not cross over -- impossible for the son to cross over ... angela whose son ? god' ? ( continued ) 71 . continued : JOHN no . the other one . ( off she look ) lucifer have a son too . int . 20 lane - behind the lane beeman sit under the glow of a desk lamp . the narrow alley of machine stretch out behind he . he stare into the scroll -- a ancient book with a single page fold a thousand time . turn another page . bowling area amazing how disturbing a bowl alley be when it 's close . row of empty lane stretch into darkness , the unlit pin area look like the jaw of a army of beast . beeman ( o.s. ) oh my ... behind the lane beeman have stop turn page . that 's because he 's now stare at a etching of the same symbol . below be ink drawing of a ghastly beast rise up through a body . but it 's what 's above the beast that be most troubling . a figure on a cross -- he arm outstretch -- seemingly welcoming the beast into this world . beeman this be not good ... bowling ball hit a lane . beeman spin to the sound . ball roll round and round , closer and closer until it clang dead against the back wall of one of the lane . beeman get up , start down the corridor of dormant pin machine . he stop at lane 13 , lean way way down , past the machinery and peek out the pin hole . beeman John ? 72 . ext . LA street - night Angela 's suv race quickly through traffic while John get she up to speed . JOHN ( v.o. ) the myth say mammon be conceive before he father 's fall from grace but be bear after . int . suv JOHN but unlike he old man , he 's never be in the presence of the creator so he have no fear of he , no respect either . that go double for we -- God 's most prize creation . mammon would be the last demon we would ever want crossing over . angela but demon can not come and go , that 's what you say . JOHN unless they find a bridge . ( off she look ) some psychic with the chop to reach all the way to Hell and the grit to withstand whatever shit she would pull out . angela isabel ... JOHN but even a bridge would not help mammon . because to cross over , the myth say he would still need the one thing he could never get . Divine assistance . the help of God . Angela sit back , let that sink in . angela so it 's impossible . JOHN impossible ? sure it 's impossible . that 's what make it so dangerous . this thing exist to break the rule , to find the loophole . if the past be any indication , then the future be not on we side . ( continued ) 73. continued : John sit back , gut churn . Angela 's in detective mode . angela she know . that 's why she kill herself . but it do not make sense ... JOHN make sense to I . angela John , she sacrifice herself to beat he . John nod . you point ? angela why be she in Hell ? one of that rare moment where John have no answer . int . 20 lane bowling alley something small and shiny be roll down the alley . it land in the trough , spin round and round -- beeman lean out to try and see what it be . the silver object keep spin . he wait for it to stop , swat a fly near he face . then another . Book on he desk ignites in flame . ext . 20 lane - night suv pull into the empty parking lot . John be out before Angela get it in park , unlock the side door . a few fly escape to freedom as he open the door . John rush in . int . 20 lane bowling alley only a low hum pervade the dead stillness of the alley . JOHN beeman ? John grab the door that lead behind the pin area . it 's lock from the other side . ( continued ) 74 . continued : JOHN ( pound on door ) hey , beeman ? beeman ?! the low hum fluctuate -- sound like a buz . angela maybe he 's not here . JOHN he 's always here . several more fly flit by he . this time John notice , turn and spot the source of the hum -- a cloud of fly near the center aisle . Angela follow he gaze , spot they as well . angela what ? John head across the lane . swarm get thicker and thicker . Angela keep up with he , cover she mouth . they approach the pin area of the center lane . the source of the swarm be slowly reveal . in the catch trough be a solid mound of fly . John lean closer , spot a hand protrude from the mound . JOHN oh Jesus , no -- he rip he coat off , fling it at the mound and million fly scatter -- revealing the body of beeman . ravaged . fly pour out of he mouth , he ear -- angela ( step back ) oh God -- John go ballistic , scream to the wall -- JOHN who be you ?! answer I !! goddamit -- reveal yourself ! I summon you ! he angrily rip he sleeve up -- revealing two distinct tattoos on he forearm . slam they together with all he might -- clenching he eye tight -- concentrate -- vein in he arm and neck bulge , look ready to explode -- ( continued ) 75 . continued : Angela step back in awe as the air around he outstretch arm begin to warp -- to tear a faint hole from the bowl alley right into another world right here -- darker -- hellish -- JOHN into the light I command thee !! into the light I -- John be choke by a cough -- can not finish -- arm separate and he buckle to he knee , reveal to Angela just how ill he really be . she lean down to he , see hint of blood on the floor . JOHN ... this be my fault ... I send they in ... I send they right to they death ... a damn one - man plague . angela John , you need a doctor . JOHN I have see a goddamn doctor !! Angela glare at he -- understand now . he 's die . John stand , almost stumble . Angela try to help . JOHN get away from I !! angela John ? JOHN stay the hell away -- ( torture look to she ) please -- he use the handrail to walk away . Angela stand there , confuse by she own emotion . she turn back to the carnage , hear the distant siren . int . / ext . john' apartment - night John sit in he open window , simmer . he hold a light cigarette but do not dare put it to he lip . outside the city go about its unending churn . ( continued ) 76 . continued : down on the street be several police vehicle . engine start and they drive away . swirl of blue and red light flash across John 's moist eye . angela ( o.s. ) there be no tree in we back yard . John find Angela across the room in he doorway . angela but you know that already , do not you ? John meet she eye . see the question pile up . angela ( walk towards he ) you see something in I ... something isabel have . JOHN go home , Angela . angela I need to understand -- John just shake he head . angela why not ? JOHN because you open up to that world , you be invite whatever 's out there back in . that 's what happen to isabel . angela I be not isabel . JOHN no , she embrace she gift while you deny yours and that denial be exactly why you be still alive . stick with I , that will change . John get off the window , start walk away . JOHN and I do not need another ghost follow I around . ( continued ) 77 . continued : angela dammit , John -- they kill my sister ! that stop he cold . angela I can not let they get away with that . even if it mean go down the same path she do . now if you will not help I get there , I will find my own way . but I will not run . never . the two stand there -- lock in this moment . angela please ... John can not believe this day -- look she dead in the eye . JOHN you do this , there 's no turn back . you see they -- they see you . understand ? Angela never blink as she nod in agreement . int . john' apartment - later push slowly through a lifeless apartment -- draw closer to the open bathroom door . water be pour . angela ( o.s. ) do I take off my clothes or leave they on ? ( a beat ) John ? JOHN ( o.s. ) I be think . angela ( o.s. ) John . JOHN ( o.s. ) on be fine . int . bathroom John fill a 70 - year- old porcelain bathtub . Angela stand in the center . ( continued ) 78 . continued : angela why water ? JOHN it 's the universal conduit . lubricate the transition from one plane to another . now ask I if there 's water in Hell . John turn off the faucet . JOHN sit. Angela grab he shoulder for balance , lower herself . when she 's sit , the water be all the way to she neck . JOHN normally only a portion of the body have to be suspend but you want the crash course ... angela ( tooth chatter ) what will I see ? his eye say it all . enough . JOHN lie down . angela ( gesture the depth ) lie down ? JOHN you have to be fully submerge . angela for how long ? JOHN as long as it take . here -- John cup the back of she neck , hold she face just above the water as she lower down . her breathe be pick up . John lean over the tub , look straight down at she . JOHN last chance ... ( off she look ) take a deep one . ( continued ) 79 . continued : Angela take a deep breath , hold it . John pull he hand away and she settles to the bottom , she eye rivete on he the entire time . angela' Pov a silent John ripple above . his hand grip she arm , skin to skin . back to scene Angela lie there and panic set in . she start to surface but John push she head back to the bottom , hold it firm . her eye dart about . Air be run out . she can not hold she breath much longer . it 's not work -- but the room 's lighting begin to pulsate -- as if the current be ramping down . it slow to that dim half - light as -- JOHN be eye -- close . a single blink . angela be lie in now boiling water , scream for all of she life . Water muffle the sound but not the fury . huge tub shudder hard -- snap out of the hold down bolt . John be stunne -- how powerful be this woman ? another scream and the inch-thick tub crack . Water start stream onto the tile . John lunge , grab Angela and pull she up from the water -- she muffle scream shatter the air as she mouth break the surface . she slam hard against he chest -- arm wrapping tight -- finger digging into he back -- leave mark that might just scar . tub give way and the damn break . John and Angela go down -- hit the tile as one -- water wash over they both . angela lie there on top of John . tremble . she look up he , eye fill with revelation . angela all that people ... so sad ... John nod , help she understand . ( continued ) 80 . continued : angela ... I have always know ... where the bad guy be ... where to aim , when to duck ... it 's not luck ... I have always know ... tear stream down she cheek . John reach out to touch she when she eye clamp tight in pain -- JOHN Angela ? eye snap open and she 's off he in a second , run out . John pries himself from the tile , go after she . int . behind the alley Angela run behind the vertebrae of machine , drip water the entire way . John try to keep up . angela it be roll toward he -- not a ball -- something smaller . shiny . she stop , kneel to the floor . John walk up to join she . something glint in the catch trough . she reach down , pluck it up and bring a odd coin into view -- John 's face contort with rage as he take the familiar coin . JOHN balthazar . int . john' apartment - later beeman 's bowl bag be flip and the content be dumped onto a table . powder , bug and bullet go everywhere . John retrieve the odd - tip bullet . that brass knuckle and that copper pipe be take also . christian relic be remove from a display cabinet . there 's the pure platinum flask of divinity , the petrify husk from the River of life -- the hollow shaft of a iron cross -- all strike piece individually but when twisted and lock together form a very impose -- ( continued ) 81 . continued : -- holy shotgun . he swing the cross down , pour a pound of blast powder into the husk -- chamber a special bullet into one of the ten barrel , snap it shut -- turn and fire . bullet leave a trail of flame as it streak across he endless apartment , blast the center out of -- a carton of lucky strike . settle on the surgeon General 's warning -- burn away . angela ( v.o. ) can you kill he ? what about the Balance ? int . john' apartment - later John be stuff the bowl bag while Angela watch , now dress in dry clothes . that shirt be john' . JOHN that half - breed tip my scale when he start kill my friend . I be just add a little counterweight . John lift that holy shotgun -- ka chick -- angela what about I ? I can not stay here forever . John turn to she -- lock on that eye . he reach into he coat pocket as he walk up to she . she shudder as he arm wrap around she face and for a beat they be cheek to cheek . when he pull back she see he have clipped hennessey 's amulet around she neck . JOHN think of it as a bulletproof vest . angela so I be go . JOHN ( know he can not win ) you be stay in the car . 82. int ./ ext . 20 lane - dawn fat -ass tire burn under the full torque of a 426 hemi . a jet-black ' 70 barracuda blast from the basement garage of 20 lane -- slide onto the street of L.A. Angela hang on as John grab the skull shifter knob -- slam into 2nd -- leave another layer of tread behind . ext . ocean flying over the ocean , a 747 roar right over US . dipping out of cloud cover , it reveal the coast of a sprawling metropolis stretch out mile below . L.A. landmark - dawn streak past . the Big donut , the occult bookstore , the ' 57 chevy sign , that Mission in the park . this be actually the Pov from John 's barracuda . he downshift -- drift past a building with a facade of pre-stress concrete and huge gold letter -- " bzr finance and brokerage . " JOHN ( o.s. ) this should not take long . int . bzr brokerage Elevator open and John step out into a lobby of concrete and glass . pretentious design scream money . lot of it . since trading be still a half hour away , the place be practically empty . across the room a stainless steal door hiss open . John look the other way as a Security Guard exit . thick door glide close , seal with another hiss . no way in . John notice the janitor down one hallway . it 's nico from midnite 's . he and John lock stare . nico open a " Security only " door , step inside -- leave the door open . int . trading room monitor be power up around the room . a few of that Young businessman we last see at midnite 's be here . ( continued ) 83. continued : young turk ( into phone ) hey , early bird be a fat bird , know what I be sayin ' ? balthazar walk through , look every bit like the smug and successful businessman he be . he stop at a long mirror on one wall . adjust he collar , he hair . his " look . " pretty boy what be we push today , sir ? balthazar Phillip Morris . as balthazar admire himself , he reflection distort slightly . the demon in he ? he touch he face , do a vowel stretch . his face distort even further . that 's get he move closer to the mirror . balthazar 's concerned because now he skin appear in motion , rippling as if liquefy . and just when he see the surface of the mirror blistering and start to move -- booom -- one way glass explode outward on the front edge of a fireball -- send balthazar fly with glass and flame . John stand on the other side in a access channel -- that Dragon 's breath flamethrower now duct - tape to he holy shotgun . JOHN how 's he do it ? John step into the trading room , eye balthazar rise from the floor . suit 's in shred , half he face be burn off , but now he 's piss . balthazar this be in direct violation of the Balance ! JOHN screw the Balance . John hit he with another blast of flame -- pin he hard against the wall . ( continued ) 84 . continued : balthazar 's young turk attack . one leap over the trading station . John swing around -- aim the shotgun -- boom -- half - breed be blast midair . the other turk seem to defy gravity as he scamper across the ceiling . John aim up -- pump several round -- step out of the way as a body fall , smashes into a desk . boom -- boom -- that will keep it down . int . barracuda Angela hear the gunshot . cop instinct take over and she get out of the car . check the amulet . intact . int . bzr trading room John turn he attention back to balthazar , do not hesitate and hit he with a continuous tide of flame . suit and skin be peel off , revealing something else underneath . the true form . JOHN how 's he do it , you half - breed shit ?! John swing the flame aside so he can kick balthazar against the wall . but now he weapon sputter . shit. charcoal hand thrust out , bat away the shotgun and grab John by the throat . balthazar rise from the ash . he may be burn , but he 's one tough son of a bitch . balthazar slide John up a wall by he neck . John can not break he hold . he 's choke , frantically rummages through he coat pocket . come out with that sacred gold knuckle on he right hand . balthazar tighten he grip and John swing , clock he across the face . the enhance punch send a dizzying ripple throughout balthazar 's body . but he do not let go . John be choke , start whaling on he . again and again -- each punch weaken this demon more . John finally get he against the wall . right arm 's tired so he slip the gold knuckle onto he leave hand , and with extreme pleasure -- continue punch away . drive balthazar to the floor , right to the brink of death . ( continued ) 85 . continued : he lean up , wind . watch in delight as balthazar strain to take he final breath . balthazar I will see you very soon ... JOHN not really , no . balthazar you can not cheat it this time ... you be go back to Hell . JOHN true . but you be not . John remove that small black BOX from he coat . balthazar try not to be concerned until John unlatch it and remove the one weapon he hardly ever use -- a Bible . balthazar what be you do ? JOHN I be read you you last rite . balthazar react . this be not good . balthazar you remedial incantation have no relevance to my kind . JOHN be not you half human ? balthazar do not have to answer . JOHN you see , that make you eligible to be forgiven . you do know what it be to truly be forgiven ? to be welcome into the kingdom of God ? balthazar 's worst nightmare . JOHN a demon in heaven -- love to be a fly on that wall ... balthazar you be not a priest , you have no power ... ( continued ) 86 . continued : JOHN -- I escape hell , who else do you know that have the power to do that ?! balthazar be now doubting he own belief . JOHN just tell I how mammon be crossing over and you can go back to you shithole . balthazar be not convinced . John stand -- raise the Bible and start to read -- JOHN ' May the merciful God have mercy on you and grant you the pardon of all you sin ... ' he place a hand on balthazar 's forehead . balthazar glare at it as John 's voice rise with commanding authority . JOHN ' whosoever sin you remit on earth they be remitted unto they in heaven . I absolve you from -- ' balthazar -- it may not even work ... JOHN how ? how 's he do it ?! balthazar look scared as shit to tell he . JOHN ( bellow out ) ' grant you child entry into thy kingdom in the name of the Father , and the Son and the Holy gh -- ' balthazar ... sangre de dio . John be stunne -- do he hear right ? balthazar nod . JOHN how ? ( continued ) 87 . continued : balthazar what kill the Son of God will give birth to the son of the devil . John 's mind race and he finally put it together . JOHN he 's find the spear . balthazar 's expression confirm it . close on the prisoner relic it 's tuck between the fold of a airline blanket . flight attendant ( v.o . ) ( over com ) lady and gentleman , we have be clear for landing . please make sure you seat be in they upright and lock position . Hand come in , grip the relic . widen to see ... int . 747 - mid-flight prisoner in a aisle seat , try to keep calm . he look behind he as if be watch . just nerve again . flight attendant ( v.o . ) ( over com ) we should be on the ground in Los Angeles within ten minute . ext . bzr brokerage - front area angela move through the gather crowd look up at the building . as she make she way through , the amulet brushes against body -- swinging from side to side . Angela suddenly stop in the center of the street , turn ... angela something 's come ... she stare at she surroundings with a increase sense of dread . then hear the rumble and tire screeching . ( continued ) 88. continued : Angela spin , spot John 's barracuda explode around the corner . it barrel up the street and slide to a squealing stop in front of she . passenger door swing open . JOHN what happen to stay in the car ? angela you be in danger . JOHN well now there 's a premonition . siren crack the air . Angela jump in and John peel out . int . bzr balthazar be take he last breath when the sound of wind filter through the room . he look up as a shadow drape across he . eye widen . balthazar one more chance ... shadow darken and he decimate form shudder . JOHN ( v.o. ) Jesus do not die from be nail to a cross . ext./ int . barracuda - moving John take a turn at 70 as Angela stare into John 's Bible . JOHN he be finish off by a soldier 's spear . he point in the Bible at a detailed painting of the event -- Jesus hang on the cross -- be pierce by a soldier 's spear . it match that child 's draw John remove from the fridge -- now lie on he seat . angela I be Catholic , John -- I know the crucifixion story . ( continued ) 89 . continued : JOHN then you know what this spear would mean to a demon try to cross over . she do not . JOHN the stain on its edge ? Angela look back at the painting , note the liquid flow from Jesus ' wound . Angela can not believe it -- JOHN mammon need divine assistance -- how 's the blood of God 's only son ? Angela sit stunne for a moment . angela so that 's it -- he 's get everything he need to escape ... JOHN not quite . ( glance at she ) twin . Angela give he a look . something in the rearview mirror catch he gaze . JOHN here we go -- John floor it and Angela glance out the back window , spot something in the traffic -- bound over vehicle , hit the pavement on all four -- angela what be that ? JOHN a hound on the hunt . a blur of muscle and bone leap over car at incredible speed -- dent in roof , cracking a windshield -- cause general chaos . Cars brake -- slide into each other . and still this thing keep come . JOHN hang on -- barracuda slide into a alley , race toward the other end . ( continued ) 90 . continued : Angela look back , see they pursuer enter the alley . it make huge stride along the wall , defy all manner of physics . angela impossible . the beast go right up the wall and disappear above the building . angela I lose it . bam , something land hard on the roof , dent it a good foot . a huge claw talon punch into the sheet metal , start shredd it right over Angela . talon thrust in . Angela dodge it -- she amulet swinging wildly . John hit the brake and the beast flip off the roof and onto the hood -- right into view . a muscular anomaly with eye that be unmistakably balthazar 's . he lash against the windshield with a extra appendage . thank God for safety glass . he jerk back he embed talon , pull the entire windshield out with it , smash it on the hood . glass particle explode into the car . John throw the car into a spin , slamm the barracuda into several park car . balthazar be uproote , be throw from the car . Angela look back , see balthazar roll into traffic . angela he 's down -- JOHN he 's not down . gimme you phone . Angela pull out she cellular . ext . downtown a british couple sit in the back of chaz 's taxi , stare out at the seedy side of town as if it be " Wild Kingdom . " ( continued ) 91 . continued : british man they mark they territory with graffiti instead of urine but they be still very much animal . british woman take documentary photo . chaz 's cellular ring over the buzz of a dispatch scanner . chaz this be a private line -- John ?! intercut JOHN . JOHN chaz -- where be you ?! chaz ah ... 3rd and figueroa . JOHN you still get that sedrallus ? chaz ( glance to couple ) yeah , but I be kind of busy right now , John . JOHN dammit , chaz , I be try to save my ass here ! chaz ( under he breath ) what else be new ... JOHN remember the chalic of enook incident ? chaz ( remember ) oh no , no , no , not that , I just pay off this car ! JOHN West side of the 3rd Street Bridge , say ... he check the speedometer -- 90 mph . JOHN ... 2 minute . ( continued ) 92 . continued : chaz I be five block away ! ( as John click off ) John ? John ?! ah ... shit . chaz downshift , stop in cloud of dust -- chaz sorry , tour 's over . the british start to argue . chaz out ya wankers !!! now !! ext . LA street - continuous action John head toward the skyline now -- at 90 mph -- to the 3rd Street Bridge on the horizon . Angela scan behind they , can not believe she eye . angela he 's back . here come balthazar through traffic on all four -- angela John , he 's back and he 's gain ! JOHN of course he 's gain . John punch the gas to the floor . ext . 3rd STREET bridge chaz swerve onto the other side of the narrow bridge . he screech to a stop across the roadway -- open the glove box , grab a velvet - wrap object and pull a glass vial out of it . Inside flow a phosphorescent green liquid . chaz jump out , run to the back of the car , pause when he hear the sound of a straining engine . here come the topless barracuda over the bridge 's arched roadway . and what the hell be that run behind it ? chaz shit -- shit -- shit -- ( continued ) 93. continued : chaz twist off the gas cap , drop the vial into the tank . he pull out he beeper , rip the cover off , expose the electronics . he wedge the beeper into the tank inlet , then start sprinting off the bridge while -- int . barracuda John give Angela the number . JOHN 9 ... 5 ... 4 ... taxi in view . Angela punch in the number -- angela 9- 5 -4 ... they rip past the taxi -- JOHN 6 ... 6 ... 6 here come balthazar up the bridge . like a supercharged cheetah , run full stride . and not even wind . angela 6 ... 6 ... 6 balthazar be almost to the taxi -- John wait -- then -- JOHN 6 . Angela punch the last digit as -- -- balthazar leap to jump the taxi -- int . gas tank beeper contact buzz -- spark -- gas ignite -- taxi explode right under balthazar in a tremendous fireball . initial impact only kick he higher . it 's when the sedrallus in the tank truly ignites that the real firework begin . ( continued ) 94 . continued : balthazar be catch in a haze of brilliant red particle that tear he body apart in midair . his final shriek be chill . ext./ int . barracuda John smack the wheel , victoriously -- look over to Angela who sigh with relief . his expression change as he center on the empty necklace dangle around she neck . JOHN where 's the amulet ? wham -- something reach through the roof hole and jerk her right out of the car . JOHN angela !! John slam the brake home -- car spin and John be already jump out before it come to a stop . he run to the rail . chaz ( run up ) what the hell be that ?! both leap onto the concrete rail , lean over and spot a huge winged shadow just as it disappear below the bridge . chaz be speechless as he turn to John . this be too much . John give he the out he 's be wait for -- JOHN we be even . chaz nod and John leave he at the rail . he jump back in the barracuda and peel out . chaz watch he race away , look back at he burn taxi . chaz even ? ext . lax - day prisoner walk out of the terminal , here at last . he stare at all the vehicle at he disposal . a family crowd around the back of a minivan . wife hug the dad . 95 . mysterious Pov watch he from behind . prisoner turn , look back , suspiciously . nothing . prisoner walk out to the street , slide into the minivan , tear away . kid ' toy tumble across the seat . int . club midnite - hallway - continuous action John burst through a door -- midnite right on he heel . midnite mammon have be try to climb out of he father 's shadow for eon . JOHN and this time he might just make it . midnite ( unconvince ) because he 's get the spear ? JOHN and the bridge . midnite you be give this girl way too much credit . JOHN you do not know she . midnite and you do ? that would be a first . John swing open a storage room door -- look in at large - scale relic -- statue , prop , etc . JOHN where 's the chair ? midnite the chair ? JOHN the delicate little number from sing sing ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : midnite just stare at he . midnite it 's a fine line that separate a hero from a fool . JOHN I will take my chance . midnite and taint my establishment with you blood ? I do not think so . JOHN midnite -- midnite you know what that device can do to the ill- equip -- JOHN midnite -- midnite -- and even in you most glorious day you brain be never you most powerful attribute -- JOHN where the hell be the chair , you dumb shit ?! midnite just stand there -- he body inflate past it 's seven foot . John know he go too far . JOHN that be the cancer talk , you know that , right ? midnite ( hold up he finger ) once . John nod . int . storage area fluorescent flicker , reveal box of toilet tissue , cooking supplies , etc . and sit in one corner by the huge power transformer be -- ( continued ) 97 . continued : -- the chair . heavy wooden monstrosity with strap and cuff and the wear of many who sit in it for the last time . yeah , it 's a electric chair right out of sing sing . JOHN what 's in you bathroom , a renoir ? midnite I have insurance issue . John clear off the seat , start to sit . midnite block he . midnite you have not surf in decade . JOHN like riding a bike ... he try again . midnite block he again . midnite you will be lucky to reach a elemental plane . JOHN then just increase the juice . John try again . again midnite stop he . midnite in you condition you body will not take much . JOHN I just need enough rope to find she . midnite and if you do -- what then ? JOHN one goddamn problem at a time -- John shove past he , plop he ass in the huge chair . his foot dangle off the ground . midnite stand by , will not help . so John start strapping himself in the chair . his chest , he ankle . one wrist . he obviously can not strap the other . he look to the big man . JOHN you want I to sign a waiver ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : midnite sigh -- finally strap the other wrist in -- pull it tight . ouch . JOHN hang on , Angela . ext . sky - close on angela move in a surreal fashion across a evening sky . below she the City of angel sweep past . her eye drift open and widen in horror as she see beyond reality -- reflection in her eye the city be on FIRE . it 's a repeat of isabel 's prophetic vision before she jump . midnite ( v.o . ) listen to my voice inside ... int . midnite be - storage room midnite kneel in front of John who be now handcuff to the chair , cable drape from every limb . midnite I will try and guide you out . JOHN try ? midnite mammon be force out of that girl when she jump so unless he find a hold vessel to wait in , he would have fall back to Hell . JOHN no , he 's still here . I be sure of it . midnite then watch yourself . he could be in anyone out there . John nod . midnite lift a palm of insect wing in front of he face . JOHN roach wing ? what happen to use lilac pedal -- ? ( continued ) 99 . continued : midnite crank the juice on the panel as he blows and John react as if be hit by a blast of wind . his head slam back against the slat . his skin ripple from the force . stay on he face as the sound of power course through John . midnite Peter do caelis , deus , misere nobis . fili redemptor mundi , deus , miserere nobis ... a flash turn into a streak behind John 's face -- stretch to infinity . midnite ( v.o . ) find the possessor and the spear will be reveal ... find they ... find they and follow ... the flash whip back toward we and John be suddenly somewhere else . he look o.s . int . prison chamber from the OPEN from that mysterious Pov , we watch the prisoner hold the spear for the first time . like before , he turn and look behind he where -- John now stand . watch . John center on the spear in the prisoner 's hand . flash ahead - int . istanbul airport that same mysterious Pov of the prisoner in line . he turn as he do before and it 's -- -- John behind he . watch . prisoner turn away . flash ahead - ext . lax terminal - evening mysterious Pov be on the prisoner at the exit door . he look back , suspiciously , and there 's - john. watch . prisoner turn , head to the minivan . flash ahead - ext . east L.A. - mysterious Pov - night of a minivan still smoking from a recent impact against a large iron entrance gate . prisoner be run from it , glance back -- ( continued ) 100 . continued : John be there . watch as the prisoner enter the abandon wing of -- ravenscar . John react . how do he miss this ? flash ahead - int . sleep room fifty bed with fifty patient . asleep . the prisoner kneel next to one of the bed . John walk over , touch he and he rock to the floor . Dead . body reveal the spear on the blanket of the bed . John reach out to touch it when the boy barry suddenly sit up from under the blanket and grab he by the throat . note the boy 's blackened fingernails . John struggle to pull he off but the boy 's grip be lock tight . John grab at he hand -- choke out the name -- JOHN midnite !! John 's hand suddenly become midnite's as he ally pull he back into -- int . midnite be - storage room John 's face be hold tight in the life-save finger of midnite 's grip . John gasp as he come back -- nod to midnite and finally -- JOHN ravenscar . the abandon wing . he 's in the boy . ext . over hillside - flying - evening winged shadow glide across the landscape , sweep across manicure grounds and rise to reveal ravenscar Hospital . int . midnite's office - later midnite pile assault rifle , shotguns , glock onto a table . midnite you know this will not kill they . John adjust the flame of a butane heater under a pan . ( continued ) 101 . continued : midnite you probably will not even get close enough to use they . in the pan be that RELIGIOUS relic he bring from India . it 's now melting . midnite have trouble watch it dissolve . midnite and it 's not just the boy . John cough , pour the melt gold into several small casting block . midnite you better worry about whoever 's help he . John give the big guy a glance , dip one of the casting into a pot of water -- hissssss . midnite as much as I admire you blind faith even in the most dire situation -- expect to just waltz into a facility that be about to become the floodgate of Hell be reach a bit , even for you . John stop the work , center on he and midnite just know what he 's think . midnite sigh , heavily . midnite well I suppose two fool can die just as easily as one . John almost smile . midnite hey , you think I be trust you to save the world ? John tap the casting and out fall a gold - tipped bullet . midnite but we be go to need more than a few magic bullet to get inside . John center on the sparklett bottle position around the room . just like john' . hmmmm ... ( continued ) 102 . continued : JOHN that ritual you do with the water , can you do more than one bottle at a time ? midnite raise a eyebrow . ext . ravenscar - night the motorize MAIN gate be jamme -- open and close on a crash van . the van the prisoner carjack . the abandon hospital wing stand ominous against a moonlit night . vague figure move about near the emergency entrance . John 's barracuda idle up with its headlight off . John stare out , point up to the water tank -- on the roof . midnite ( sigh ) figure . int . ravenscar - physical therapy room therapy machine look like medieval torture device in the dimly - light room . barry stand waist deep in a large hydrotherapy tank inset into the tile floor . his skin be pale , sickly look . obviously contain mammon take its toll . especially on a child . his hand be below he waist and now we see they be lowering a still - unconscious Angela into the water . her face float just above the surface as he buckle restrain strap around she wrist . int . ravenscar - abandoned wing Front glass door swing open and John and midnite calmly strut inside . stop. hear the o.s. murmur of a unseen crowd . this emergency room be cramme with people . lawyer . broker . soccer mom . truck driver . etc ... most be crowded in front of a set of double door . room go dead silent as all eye lock on we guy . John step from midnite , raise he hand like a riot cop . ( continued ) 103 . continued : JOHN okay -- let 's cut the scratch and call it a night . meeting 's over . that 's get they attention . as entertainment . a few chuckle . John be surprised to see ellie step from the crowd . still that bundle of sexual energy . JOHN ellie ? ellie oh , John , you know how much I love it on this side . this be just a opportunity to make it permanent . JOHN you think he son will be any different ? he will just turn this place into he own Hell and then where will you to party , Heaven ? ellie no need to get nasty . JOHN never bother you before . ellie I be so go to miss we little tryst . ellie step closer . the crowd start to close in with she . JOHN I be sure you will . John pull out he lighter , hold it up -- flick it on . JOHN now turn around and take you friend with you . can he look more ridiculous ? JOHN I will deport you . all of you . you know I can . John step back up onto a chair , thrust the lighter higher -- ( continued ) 104 . continued : ellie oh , John , this be embarrassing . where be you pride ? -- right under a sprinkler head . JOHN go to Hell . ellie look up just as the sprinkler trigger . series of shot ellie and a room of half - human -- all look up as water spray from every nozzle . John and midnite tense because the first drop have no effect . a beat -- a spurt in the waterline and suddenly -- shriek fill the room as half human skin begin to fry . ellie Holy water ! emergency lighting have snap on -- throw the room into a strobing nightmare of action . flashes of human skin melting , revealing snippet of the true demon underneath . it 's total pandemonium as they rage be direct toward the only real human in the room . John and midnite fling they coat open -- draw they weapon and start firing away at the attack horde . Sacred bullet cause major damage -- wound that ripple out through demon body . John and midnite slam back to back -- spin under the protective shield of a shower sprinkler head -- shoot at all manner of distort form that venture into the column of spray . one reload while the other fire . it 's a hellish form of a turkey shoot . nothing sacred , nothing spare . John go for the double door . midnite cover he -- blow away another two disintegrate demon . two come up behind and he spin , take they down . JOHN get to the door , start to open they when ellie jump onto he back -- nail digging in . ellie I be not go back there ! ( continued ) 105 . continued : JOHN we be what we be , ellie -- John fire over he back , loosen she grip . he grab hold , shove she face up into the spray of a overhead sprinkler head . leg flail about . midnite come out of the rain -- grab John . midnite let 's go . John drop ellie to the floor . no more pretty face -- no face at all -- yet the scream still come . John and midnite get to the door -- shove through . int . physical therapy room Angela 's body and face be completely submerge now . she come to , see Barry above she -- try to rise but the boy push she head to the bottom , hold it there . last bubbles be float up from she mouth . Barry place he other hand on she arm , close he eye . int . corridor Holy rain have stop in here . a fine mist float in the air . John and midnite make they way through . only they footstep on the tile break the stark silence . another set of door be ahead . before they reach it a faint shadow cross in the mist . both pause , expect something to reveal itself . but it do not . int . physical therapy room faint wave undulate Barry 's skin -- ripple from he chest , down he arm and into a submerge Angela . every muscle in she body tense in stark relief . angela' Pov Barry 's image ripple above she in silence . room lighting start to pulse -- slower and slower and when it 's catch in that dim half - light -- Angela jolt and this time we cross over into -- 106 . physical therapy room hell Angela be lie in a bone - dry tank , lift she head up to see a room not much different than the one she just leave . except for the SOUND . that low drone rising in pitch -- that demonic screech scratch at the wall . and now that inky splotches begin consume the color and light from the wall . move in on Angela . closer and closer -- whatever 's come be just about on she . mammon ( o.s. ) Angela . Angela spin and for a split second come face to face with the hideous form of mammon . she scream . int . normal physical therapy room - real time John and midnite burst into the room , spot Barry stand in the tank . his hand in the water . on Angela . JOHN ( rush toward he ) Barry ! Barry look up , see the two man rush toward he . gun aim . JOHN let she up !! let she up !! a beat as John meet Barry 's eye -- realize he 's stare at a frighten child . Barry back away as -- -- Angela sit up behind John . Water rippling off , strap dangle free . John turn -- lock on she black eye . JOHN shit -- John think fast -- scan the area and see every mirror in the room have be shattered . so much for the quick fix . he jump into the water with she , grab she face and push she against the tank wall . this be a exorcism on the fly . JOHN amar natash bow basar ! rescind from the flesh I command thee -- ( continued ) 107 . continued : Angela 's eye snap open -- dark and dilate . John see it -- clasp a hand over she mouth -- cut off she air supply . JOHN back to Hell , asshole -- her body undulate as mammon 's shape try to come through . pulsate through she arm , she chest -- she face . Angela bite into he palm . John recoil . she shove he off and John hit the tile hard . Angela jump from the tank , push past in a blur . John spin to see midnite stand right there -- Angela now firmly in he size - twelve grasp . midnite ( to John ) finish it . intercut with : mysterious high Pov John cough , struggle to stand . he try to cover but it 's obvious he end be near . midnite position Angela to face he , brace she arm out from she side -- crucifixion - style . she try but can not break free . John put a hand to she forehead -- JOHN et separatur a plasmate tuo , ut num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui serpentes . JOHN / midnite rescind from the flesh I command thee -- amar natash bow basar ! Angela 's body stop fight . the darkness in she eye and fingernails begin to fade . it 's work ... midnite be suddenly jerked backwards with a agonizing yell . Angela be drop , slip into unconsciousness . John watch in horror as midnite 's 300 - pound frame be lift right off the floor by a invisible grasp , slam into the ceiling , then twisted and throw with incredible force against the floor . midnite glare at John , try to speak . but the word die on he lip . ( continued ) 108 . continued : enrage , John scan the empty room , see a large shadow on the ceiling that do not belong to any object . he hold back a cough long enough to rip up he sleeve and slam that tattoo together -- JOHN into the light I command thee ! into the light I command thee ! it take every ounce of John 's life force to keep this spell alive and when he 's about to drop from exhaustion the shadow be bring fully into the light -- become that familiar shape of wing . voice of man ( o.s. ) you ego be astounding . John strain to see the shadow become the real thing -- the majestic wing of a angel . JOHN Gabriel ? John be too weak to even be surprised anymore . JOHN figure ... Gabriel touch down in front of he . spear in he hand . JOHN and the wick shall inherit the Earth . gabriel you presume to judge I , John . JOHN betrayal , murder , genocide ? call I provincial . gabriel I be seek to inspire humankind to be all that be intend . JOHN by unleash Hell on Earth ? good think ... Gabriel 's wing fold behind as he walk around John . ( continued ) 109 . continued : gabriel you have have it too easy for too long . JOHN so what 's a few thousand year of pain , right ? gabriel you never deserve to be bless . you have all be bear with a silver spoon in you mouth , never really appreciate the gift you be give so freely -- unconditional love from you creator . JOHN and that just bug the shit out of you . gabriel it 's not you fault . like the animal you be , you never learn unless sufficiently prodd . pleasure have no last effect . but subject you to pain , unpleasantness -- suffer -- and you will take notice , you will fight to overcome , to earn you redemption . that be when you be at you best . Angela 's fingernails be start to darken once again . JOHN you be try to teach we a lesson ? gabriel no , I be give you the chance to rise above the suffer and truly earn the love of god. ( a beat ) the road to salvation begin tonight . right now . John just stare at this rogue angel , center on the spear in he hand . he make a break for it . Gabriel 's wing beat once . the gust blows John through the double door , back into the -- 110 . corridor -- where he smashes against a mesh -screen window , drop to the floor in a heap with the other die carcass . physical therapy room Gabriel turn back to Angela . he approach she -- he rippling wing slide up around she , envelop she -- pull she in . that eye of he could melt dracula . corridor - JOHN can not even stand , let alone save the girl . or humanity . it would be so easy to give up . to roll over and die . but instead , he try something he have not do in a long time . JOHN ( whisper ) ... I know I be not one of you favorite ... I be not even allow in you house this day ... but I could use a little attention ... John wait for nothing . his body crumple , he cheek landing flat against the tile . glisten shard of mirror glass lie around he . as he stare at he reflection in one , he get the idea . physical therapy room - angela' eye begin to quiver . the color drain . blackness be wait . corridor - JOHN slide he back up the wall as he reel in that shard of mirror . physical therapy room - angela be posture begin to change . mammon 's form ripple through she -- start to push out through she skin . Gabriel stand behind she , he wing cocoon around she waist . gabriel ( whisper to she ) Cross the bridge to you destiny ... 111 . corridor - JOHN pull up he sleeve , expose he old scar . he pause a beat , close he eye . stay on he face as he make one swift slice movement . but he 's in a rush here -- make that same motion across he other wrist as well . with both wrist purging he life away , John settles back into the corner and wait for the inevitable . JOHN hurry ... physical therapy room - gabriel reveal the spear . corridor - JOHN be die . eye be start to close as ... physical therapy room - gabriel raise the spear over Angela 's chest . hear the sound of a million demon inside of she ready to break free -- he hold the spear high above she chest -- ready for the final thrust as -- corridor bulb flicker as current ramp down and time come to a complete stop . all we be leave with be a distant metallic drone , like the reverberation of a go strike a thousand year ago . John lie in that dim half - light . motionless . something start to swirl near he and just like that , John be no longer alone . shadow fall over he pathetic form . satan ( o.s. ) the time have come at last to collect you soul . ( continued ) 112 . continued : John pries he eye open ... satan hello , John . JOHN you be early . satan you be the one show I would not miss . JOHN so I have hear . Satan see John 's slit wrist . satan I do not think you would make the same mistake twice . John look up at he . satan you do not , do you ? JOHN ... so how 's you son ? satan and why would that matter to you ? JOHN ... he 's topside ... satan I know . JOHN with Gabriel . satan you point ? JOHN he 's help you son create he own Hell on Earth ... satan well , boy will be boy ... JOHN he have the spear of destiny . ( continued ) 113. continued : Satan do not know that . now he 's concerned . he study this die man . satan this be another one of you con . JOHN go look for yourself ... Satan be still suspicious . JOHN you have wait twenty year for I , what 's another twenty second ? Satan contemplate he remark . metallic reverberation be overtaken as SOUND and motion ramp back to real time -- physical therapy room - the spear be about to be thrust into Angela 's chest . satan ( o.s. ) Gabriel ? Gabriel look up -- spot he in the room . Gabriel react -- pull the spear toward she with all he might -- but Satan be faster -- Angela vanish and Gabriel have now pierce dead air . Satan hold Angela tight -- cover she mouth like John do . she struggle and the demon inside appear -- reflect in the huge chunks of tank glass scattered on the floor . hideous . the real mammon . satan say goodbye to the sun -- both of you . mammon shriek and Gabriel 's beautiful wing ignite in flame -- gabriel no !!!!!!!! corridor - JOHN be rock by a major jolt that shake the entire building to its foundation . a moment later -- ( continued ) 114 . continued : Satan be back . John look up , give he that look -- you owe I . Satan hate admit it but know it 's true . satan so ... what do you want ? a extension ? John shake he head , can barely utter a sound ... JOHN isabel ... satan what about she ? JOHN ... let she ... go home ... satan you would give up you life so she could go to Heaven ? John manage a nod ... satan fine. ( close , open eye ) it 's do . int . physical therapy room angela gasp -- she first real breath 's a strain . adrenaline rush through she and she quickly close she eye -- ext . that gorgeous sky stretch out before we . and here come that two swing , pendulume up in slow motion . Young Angela and isabel share that moment again . but this time isabel let go and jump out of she swing . her body sail up and away , she finger reach out for what seem so close ... so close ... isabel keep go until she fade into the sky . satan ( v.o . ) time to go . 115 . int . corridor John relax , stop fight the inevitable . Satan take he hand , start to pull he home but suddenly find himself pull on what seem to be infinite mass . try as he might , he can not budge John a inch . and now John 's other hand leave he side , and as if weightless , begin to rise toward something above . no sense in beat around the bush here , John be in the embrace of God . Satan see this and recoil in absolute rage -- satan the sacrifice !! no !!!! this one belong to I !! John 's rise hand drift back down in front of Satan , the middle finger fully extend . final straw . Satan go rabid -- turn to pure ENERGY for a split second . his hand remain on fire . satan you will live , John Constantine , you will live so you will have the chance to prove that you soul truly belong in Hell . you will live ! Satan eagerly plunge he blaze hand into John 's body -- John scream in agony . Satan tear through he tissue -- collect the cancer , then rip out a mass of disease tissue with one vengeful pull . John 's final blood - curdle scream echoes over -- int . / ext . ravenscar -- through every room . every corridor . rippling out across the ground and finally dissipate in the hill beyond . int . corridor on he hand and knee , John take that first breath . New lung fill for the first time . no cough . not even a wheeze . face have renew color . wrist have seal tight . ( continued ) 116 . continued : John be heal . he stand , step back inside the -- physical therapy room John stop over the body of one seven-foot African warrior . he stand immobilize , wreck with emotion . a SOUND draw he attention to the one thing that could cause he even great rage -- gabriel -- be hunch over near a wall . jag cartilage stump protrude from he back . a pattern of sinew and bone be burn into the floor behind he . it 's all that remain of he once majestic wing . John approach , spot blood drip from the former angel . he realize what this mean . get a kick out of it . JOHN human ... Gabriel look up as John retrieve a gun from the wet floor . JOHN you do not deserve to be human . gabriel then pass judgment on I now . John raise the gun -- put it to Gabriel 's forehead . gabriel do it . seek revenge . end my life . John 's finger nudge the trigger . gabriel kill I ! pull the trigger ! be the hand of God ! John pause , realize what 's happen here ... JOHN ... and I will be condemn again ... gabriel do it ! ( continued ) 117 . continued : it take everything John have not to pull that trigger . he lower the gun , shaking he head . JOHN you be even worthless as bait . John start to turn away -- gabriel deny you true nature today , but what of tomorrow , of the tomorrow after that ? it be only a matter of time before you end up right back where you belong . it be who you be , Constantine . damned . John 's fist start behind he back , gain momentum the entire arc until it end abruptly against Gabriel 's face . the ex-angel be propel all the way to the wall -- slam hard against the concrete . body crumple on impact , slide down to the muck . you know this hurt like absolute hell . JOHN that 's call pain . get use to it . John turn toward the double door -- stop cold . huddle in the doorway , cover in grime be Angela and Barry . the experience have obviously leave they both drain . John walk across the room , kneel down to they . angela thank you , John . he nod , beat . wipe a trace of blood off she brow , put a hand on Barry 's shoulder . hold a beat on this gritty family tableau . int . john' apartment - midnite's universal orrery moving slowly past the inoperative device . past strangely - shape object of platinum and gold , with name and symbol that make a bit more sense now . ext . africa - day huge sun beat down on a lone figure walk across a stretch of the most barren landscape on Earth . he stop , kneel to the heavily - crack soil . start digging . 118. int . john' apartment - the orrery a hand come in , affix a unseen object to a protrude rod . its weight cause it to drop out of frame but a moment later it rise back into view and find a balance . ext . africa JOHN pull back the protective hood from he face . healthy and tan with a new lease on life . he pop a nicorette tablet , then unwrap roll of cloth from around the spear of destiny . he drop it in the hole , stare at it a long beat . int . john' apartment - the orrery the entire mechanism shudder . and now miraculously , every globe , every moon , every obscure object in this miniature occult universe begin to rotate in complete sync . as it do , the define object finally slide into view . John 's lighter . angela watch it rotate past , nod in approval . ext . africa John sigh , finally sweep mound of soil over the sacred relic . he stand , nod . job do . a breeze blow past and John sense be watch . he spin and find -- nothing . for a hundred mile . he start walk . JOHN ( v.o. ) some people be bear to make a difference . I have to die . twice . match CUT to : ext . 20 lane bowling alley - angela walk right in step . something be close in on she . a new taxi pull up . chaz be drive . Angela get in . JOHN ( v.o. ) God do work in mysterious way . 119 . ext . africa John continue walk as something close in on he at incredible speed . JOHN ( v.o. ) some people like it ... we view rise over he and glide across the barren landscape be the shadow of wing . JOHN ( v.o. ) some people do not . fade out . the end