contagion by Scott Z. burn 1/14/09 : int . american airline lounge , o'hare airport - evening outside the window long line of plane wait for taxi and take off in the November dusk . they light blink impatiently . rush hour at o'hare . beth emhoff ( 30 's ) read a magazine and '' stretch -- she hand reach for the communal bowl of peariit on the bar as she battle jet lag with diet coke and aspirin . she ' look exhaust . her phone chime . she answer . beth mmam ... yeah , it be delay ... sorry I get so panicky ... it be good to see you , too . I be glad it work out . she purr this last part . smile at the response we never hear . she cough -- deep and wet . beth ( cont 'd ) I will ... just a little tired and warm . a gate announcement drown out the conversation . beth ( cont ’d ) I gotta go . she sigh and gather she stuff . ext . hong kong / macau ferry - few day later li fai ( 20 ) stand at the rail of the multi-deck ferry as it approach the pier in Kowloon . the Hong Kong skyline loom beyond the ferry terminal building . the water of Victoria : Harbor churn with boat traffic and bird . tourist snap photo and local gather they belonging . fai look wear down from the crossing . a ship ‘s mate steady he at the rail . ( all scene between chinese national be in local Language ) . ship mate ( subtitle ) stare at something that 's not move . we will be there in five minute . contagion 1/14/10 2 . int . hong kong china ferry terminal - moment later fai make he way through the crowded transportation hub -- past kiosk and advertisement . he lean heavily on the escalator railing and make he way down toward to the metro . he carry a.small duffel , but struggle against its weight . int . hong kong metro - moment later pai sit on the clean and crowded metro with the duffel in he lap . behind he some very hip kide be joke and laugh . fai shoot they a look , but the kide just keep talk and giggle . he turn on they . fal I do not know you , ok ? so , do not pretend I do . the hip kide look at each other , convinced he be a madman - ~- then they burst out laugh even louder . fai stumble away from they and look out the window of the train . fai' Pov light pass by on the tunnel interior and a strange fisn - eye reflection of the people behind he . fai cling to a metal pole for balance with both sweaty hand . int . heathrow airport - morning irina modelskova ( 23 , ukrainian model ) stand at the baggage claim try to get a signal on she phone . she 's groggy from the flight . irina hello ... yes .... we just land . I take something on the plane and I feel miserable ... to sleep , yes ... I be sorry for what I say . I get anxious and I do not know what .to say ... I just want the call and teil you that . the bag begin to tumble down the chute . irina ( cont 'd ) I would like to go to New York with you very much ... ok ? ( more ) contagion 1/14/10 3. irina ( cont 'd ) yes ...2 be go to take a bath and a nap when I get to the hotel .. bye , darling . : her bag come down the chute and she walk toward custom with it . int . heathrow - moment later irina be through custom . she see a driver with she name on a sign . she hand he her bag . ext . kwun tong - hong kong - evening kwun tong be the most densely populate area in the world . clothes hang drying from the window . fai make he way toward a entrance to one of many overcrowded housing block . int . housing block - moment later a tiny , well - keep studio apartment . fai 's sister , bai turn down the radio and go to respond to the knock on the door . fai enter and greet he sister warmly . bai hello . I be worried about you . be there a problem ? fal no . there be a new tv system in the . casino . it 's very complicated and so we be all work overtime . fai sit on a small sofa . she work the acupressure point in he wrist for a moment -- study he face , fai ( cont 'd ) it 's so bright in here . she rummages around for a blanket . bai if you go get a chicken at the market , I will cook dinner tomorrow . there 's a girl from work who I think you will like . i’11 invite she . . contagion 1/14/10 4 , ext , cotal strip - macau - night Vegas of the orient - ~- neon and the sprawling architecture of excess . familiar name in light : the Sands , wynn , the venetian , etc . int . golden dragon casino - night the game floor be buzzing -- slot , card and asian game . roulette and dice . it could be the floor of the bellagio , but the clientele be decidedly asian . two uniformed maintenance man skirt the action and head toward a bank of elevator . a walkie-talkie crackle with urgent instruction . a man with a tool belt look frazzle . he respond . tool belt ( to walkie- talkie ) we be on we way to 1219 . we be short - staff tonight . one guy call in sick and someone else be on vacation . more urging from the walkie-talkie . tocl belt hit the elevator button . tool belt ( cont 'd ) 2311 after 1219 . get it . the other maintenance man write down the room number as they step onto a elevator full of gambler . tool belt cough , rub he eye . int . noble elementary school - minneapolis - day thomas emhoff ( 40 - ish ) hustle through the foyer of the school . Thanksgiving theme predominate with child 's rendering of pilgrim , Indians and turkey . he enter the school 's administrative office . emhoff i'm Thomas emhoff , I be here for Clark . Clark morrow . I be he stepfather . a administrative assistant walk back toward the school infirmary with Thomas . contagion 1/14/10 5 . nurse lear ( 5us ) emerge from a room with a cot with a forlorn look clark ( 7 ) . his eye be a little glaze and he have a cough . he walk toward he stepfather . emhoff ( cont ‘d ) hey there kiddo . not feel too well ? - clark tire . nurse lear he say he be feel very warm in miss Tatum 's class , doze off . I take he temperature again since I call -- a touch over a hundred - emhofp it 's make its way through the family . first he mother go down and now the mighty Clark . let 's go get you and Mom some soup and beat this thing down before Turkey Day . nurse lear hope you feel better Clark , ok ? Clark pull the door shut behind he by the doorknob as he leave . a moment later , nurse lear open the door . int . amika nightclub - london - night trustafarian and the physically blessed drink and smoke and fight off ennui with anything they can get they hand on . irina be drag a bit -- she drop a berocca into a martini glass . a goateed trustafarian sidle up beside she . goatee ( off the drink ) what do you call that , Rina ? irina the jet lagatini . I '' in three different time zone . goatee yeah , how about something not quite so over the counter ? she smile at he . smash CUT contagion 1/14/10 6. int . amika bathroom - moment later they sit in a stall -- irina straddle he . irina finish a rail of blow and hand the sterling silver straw back to goatee . he hoover in a line of he own and then lick the straw clean . she perk up -- he hand bring she mouth to he . they kiss deeply . goatee good to see you , Rina . she giggle and grind . goatee ( cont ’d ) be you in love with this one ? Rafik ? it 's be month now . she kiss he hard -- suck on he tongue with all she might . irina ( sarcastic ) yes . we be soul mate . they both laugh . int . nice house - edina , minnesota — night Clark morrow climb out of bed and make he way down the hall toward the murmur of he parent . he ' 's drag ass . int , parent 's room - continuqus Clark enter . clark Mom ? I do not feel well . a light come on . Thomas and Beth be in bed . she be not look so good either . beth what be it ? clark my throat be scratchy and I have a headache . contagion 1/14/10 7. beth I , too , honey . you want some water ? emhoff mmm ... poor guy . you want to curl up with you mom ? m T beth let I see if we have something for you . she get out of bed and stagger to the closet . she get out she carry - on bag . take out some cough drop and tylenol liquid flu medicine . emhoff ok . I be head to the guest room - — this be now officially the sick ward . Thomas grab a pillow and head off . Clark lie down . beth I '' go to see if I can do my conference call from home and then take you to the doctor . she kiss Clark 's forehead . he 's warm . int . li bai be apartment - morning fai wake up in the empty apartment . he cough a few time then swallow hard . sleep seem to have do little to restore he . he force down some . water and put on he shoe . the morning sun torture he eye . he squint against the day . bai 's pet bird squawk at nothing in particular . int . elevator - moment later fai finger the ground floor button . he lean hard against the elevator wall . two little girl and a old chinese woman eye he with concern . he rub he temple . cough again . pai my sister life here . the door open and fai stumble out . contagion 1/14/10 8. ext . kowlocgn bird market ~ a little later fai be hallucinate now . the world come at he in way only he understand . he shift away from non-existent shape and curse at the bird in they cage . passer by wonder if he 's drunk or drugge . fai use pedestrian and lamp post to keep he foot . finally , he settles down hard on the dirty , damp curb . the sun have become relentlessly bright ~ - he shield he eye against it with a tremble hand . muttering . fai look back over he shoulder -- what he see scare he into rise . he move away from the onslaught of a seize brain and take three blind step backward into the street . a truck wipe fai off the face of the earth with a sudden mechanical ease . he be pull half - way down the block in the suspension before the driver know what happen . people gather round as blood pool out from he body . crowd fill the street . dog come to check out the carnage . int . photography studio - london ~ day irina at a commercial casting look rough in a short skirt . she be sweaty and feverish and irritable with the PA . irina how much longer ? there be five other girl there , also in short skirt . they sit with they portfolics in they lap . trina cross to the water cooler . take a drink and cough . she be miserable . squint at the light . she walk outside and light a cigarette with a lighter she borrow from another bore model . dial she phone . trina ( cont 'd ) hello ... seamus ... I nve be here for a hour . I feel like shit ... I do not know -- do something last night and it must have have something in it ... yeah , ok . TI know that . I ‘ma million degree ... I '' get in a cab and go back to the hotel -- get a massage . t’11 come back and smile tomorrow all they like . she hang up and curse in ukrainian . she go back and leave the portfolio case with the PA . contagion 1/14/10 a. int . nice house - edina , minnesota - morning Beth stand in the kitchen somehow confuse by the coffee maker . she squint at the morning sun . she drop the coffee pot and pour coffee all over for reason that it would take a microscope to understand . Thomas enter . . ~ emhoff Beth ? what ? beth I have no muscle in my right arm . he come closer to she . emhoff sit down . she almost miss the chair . emhoff { cont 'd} do you take too much of that theraflu shit ? she put she head down on the table and then begin to shake with seizure . emhoff ( cont ' D} Jesus , Beth . Thomas jump back . emhoff ( cont 'd ) clarky ? stay in you room for a couple of minute , ok ? wait till I come and get you . he grab the phone and dial 911 . somewhere another phone ring . a silly ringtone take we to ... int . bai 's apartment - evening bai be shake by the news of she brother 's death as it be deliver over the phone . she hold onto he duffel bag as if it . be he body . the desperate sound of she grief bring people into the hallway . bai collapse into the arm of neighbor . one wipe the tear from she face . another pick up she cell phone as if be a murder weapon and put it on the table . contagion 1/14/10 10 . she move from hug to hug search for comfort . the bird squawk and kick feed from the cage onto the floor . bal I want to go home . I just want to go home . int , emergency room - fairview soutedale hospital - minnesota beth emhoff be out of it -- trouble find word , not make sense . the doctor and nurse work on she . Thomas look on anxiously . er doc Beth , can you hear I ? my name be Dr. arrant and you be in the hospital . beth why be there so many people here ? er boc you have a seizure this morning , Beth . have you ever have something like that before ? beth there 's a meeting in the big conference room today -- I can be on the speaker phone . emhoff Beth , what be you talk about ? er nurse thomas do she have a history of it think she 's allergic to seizure ? allergy ? other penicillin . medical problem ? er doc do she fall recently ? slip on the ice and hit she head ? in the shower ? emhoff Beth ? wo . she say she have a sore throat a few day ago . er Doc what about drug ? mdma ? ' ecstasy ? contagion 1/14/10 will . emhofp what ? no. nothing recreational . she 's only take over the counter stuff . beth ( sotto ) it 's so bright in here -- and with that she go into another seizure . the er team move to put in a iv and stabilize she head . she foam at the mouth . emhoff Beth .. , what 's happen ? what 's go on ? er doc can you step outside , Mr. emhoff ? he search she pupil for something ~ - nothing there . Dr. arrant order ativan and antibiotic . they put a oxygen mask over she face . emhofp Beth ... the er nurse pull Thomas out of the treatment area . he sit down underneath a cdc poster concern h1 n1 -- instruct you how to cover you mouth when you sneeze . int . claridge's HOTEL - london - evening the concierge and a polish maid be at the door . concierge hello ? it 's the concierge . he take out a security key and open the door . int . corner suite - continuous they enter . the sit room be undisturbed . the tv blare MTV . a bottle of evian be half - empty on the coffee table . concierge anybody here ? Mr. khalifa ? the maid step into the bedroom . nothing . the bathroom door be not quite close and the tap be run . contagion 1/14/10 12 . maid Mr. kieron ? he enter the bathroom . he Pov irina 's dead body . half - cover by a bathrobe . '' Blue and xigid . there be pill scattered around and vomit on the floor by she mouth . he turn off the water and close the door behind he . the may look at he -~ searchingly . concierge we need to get security up here ... he pick up the phone and dial security . concierge . ( cont 'd ) I hope you understand the need for discretion , Ms. wolski . and then inte the phone . concierge ( cont ’d ) Jordan ? yes , this be kieron ... I be in 404 and there 's a ... one of the guest have pass away ..- room be register to Mr. Rafik khalifa ...dis girlfriend ...2 think maybe drug . int . icu - pairview southdale hospital - night Beth emhoff be on a ventilator . she be comatose and flat lining . no sign of life from she brain . icu boc I be call it at 6:42pm . the nurse go about the business of disconnect she from the machine . tape be gently pull from she -- iv 's take out . int . waiting room ~ fairview southdale hospital - night Thomas and Clark watch a minnesota wild game on tv . contagion 1/14/10 13 . thomas 's Pov a doctor and a social worker in a business suit come down the hallway . Thomas see they and get up . emhoff you let I know what happen on the power play , clarky . I be gonna go talk to the doctor . we do not have to hear every word to know what 's be . say . just fragment of conversation punctuate by grim body language . the force of the news collapse emhoff . he squat in the hallway and hold onto he head . the Social Worker 's voice be soothing . social worker if you want help with arrangement we can be of assistance . Thomas try to take in what have happen . emhoff I just ... I do not understand . social worker maybe the boy have a friend he can stay with while you deal with this . Thomas nod . emhoff his biological father life in duluth . the social worker walk toward clark . Thomas turn to the er boc . emhoff ( cont ’d ) she get back from a business trip . she be tired -- she always get sick when she get on a plane . I do not understand . er boc you mention that . Hong Kong . we check the latest from the cdc -- the only thing be measle and hin1 . it be not that . emhoff | then what be it ? contagion 1/14/10 14 , er doc she be very sick . we try everything we could -- she just do not respond . emhoff from what ? er doc we do not always know . some people get a disease and live . some become sicker and die . my best guess be that it be either meningitis or encephalitis and with encephalitis we be in the dark 90 per cent of the time -- if it be summer I might say a bug bite . West Nile . herpes can cause encephalitis . we can tell you how , but not always why . her blood work indicate some sort of massive infection -- that 's how . emhoff I do not understand . she do not have herpes . er doc if you want , we can order a autopsy -- but I can not guarantee it will be conclusive . there be also grief counselor who be very helpful with this sort of pass . I find that be where most people get some resolution . across the foyer business suit sit with Clark watch the game . business suit hi , Clark . my name be . miss gage . you want to go get a milk shake or something ? clark I be not hungry . business suit well , I be . do you want to come with I while you father talk to the doctor ? come on ... contagion 1/14/10 15 . she take he hand . int . subway train - tokyo - day a man hold on to a hand strap on the absurdly crowded Tokyo subway train . his face be sweaty . he cough a couple of time , annoying fellow commuter . he mutter to himself and squint against the flash light of a tunnel . suddenly he begin to convulse . he fall to the ground seizing violently . onlooker do not know what to do -- they scramble to make room for the man . a young woman call for a Doctor , a older man hit a alarm on the inside of the car . a well dressed business man 's stand with he cell phone aim at the seize man - - still twitching and struggle like he 's the victim of electrocution . he videotape the man thrashing around on the ground . slowly the man come to a halt -- he lie there on the floor of the train . ext . dubai - morning the sunlight splashes off the high-rise . a plane vector in on final approach . the white cap fire in the Gulf of ade . pull back to reveal int . stunning apartment - continuous rafik khalifa ( 40' ) be propped up in a opulent bed before a picture window . he be weak and exhaust . dr . al-kurdi and the butler ahraf tend to he . the Doctor read the thermometer . al-kurdi {off the thermometer ) it 's down . you keep rest and you will beat 's this thing . take aspirin for the fever and for the headache . rafik I feel a little more myself today -- just so shocking about irina . they be still say it be drug ? contagion 1/14/10 16 . abraf : yesterday he could not remember my name he be so delirious . al-kurdi tf he get like that again y to take he to the hospital : I think he 's on the mend . ahraf neds and take away a glass of water and plate of egg . rafik maybe someone can get I a newspaper and some tea . ext . nice house —- edina , minnesota - morning a woman run through a snow flurry at . dawn in she bathrobe . she turn up the driveway to Thomas 's house . she be sobbing and hold she cell phone . she arrive at the door . Thomas answer . running woman oh my God , Thomas . something happen with Clark . I go in to wake he up this morning and I could not . he have throw up and he be not breathe . Thomas start run toward he neighbor 's house . a ambulance red-shift toward they . int , noble elementary school - minneapolis - later mrs . tatum take attendance -- five desk be empty this morning . mrs .. tatum so either we be get a early start on Thanksgiving vacation or there 's a bug go around -- and that mean everyone need to be extra good about hand wash , right ? remember what we learn during swine flu ? the kid nod . she pretend to sneeze into the crook of she arm , contagion 1/14/10 17 . mrs . tatum ( cont ’d ) anyone carpool with luke or Clark ? how about liza or Steven j.? nobody . int . crematorium - hong kong - day Li bai sit in the wait room . a older woman enter push a cart with a simple urn on it . bai be still in shock . bal ( off the urn ) be it heavy ? I '' take he home . urn woman T be sorry . bai May I have some tea ? I be exhaust . urn woman yes , sit . int . noble elementary school - hallway - continuous Mrs. Tatum head down the hall toward the office . she pass a coughing kid . she arrive at the office . mrs . tatum I need to speak to nurse lear . my class be shrink . school administrator lesley call in sick today -- we be try to find a sub . mrs . tatum the nurse be sick ? mr . grey , the school principal , enter the office -- ashen . mr. grey {to Tatum ) you hear ? mrs . tatum what ? lesley be sick ? contagion 1/14/10 18. mr . grey come in . she follow he into he office . he close the door . mr . grey ( cont ’d ) we get a call from luke warfield 's mother . Clark morrow and he mother pass away ~ -- they be not sure from what . int . mosque - dubai ~ morning Rafik 's butler , ahraf do he morning prayer . the man be line up shoulder to shoulder on they mat . ahraf be sweat , but so be many of the other man , he rock back on he heel and cough repeatedly . the man on either side of he be distract by the cough -- it disrupt the prayer . unable to stop , ahraf make he way toward the exit . int . noble elementary school - minneapolis the school be be evacuate in accordance with a plan nobody ever plan on use . the bus be not where they be suppose tc be . there 's chaos in the foyer . mr. grey wear rubber glove and stand in the crowd of kid -- he have a directive that he read from . mr . grey now , you want to go on the same bus that you take to school -- unless you parent drive you or be pick you up , in which case you need to go outside to the baseball field . again if you have to cough -— into you elbow and wash you hand for thirty second . sing the happy birthday song and you 's 1ll know you do it right . Mrs , Tatum lock at the clusterfuck in front of she . a kid with pigtail approach she , pigtail Mrs. Tatum , will you feel my head ? do I feel warm ? she be reluctant to touch the kid . contagion 1/14/10 19 . mrs . tatum I do not think they want we to do that , becca . int . emergency ' room - fairview southdale hospital emhoff : sit alone in a isolation room -- despondent over the loss of he wife and step -son . a mask of grief and shock across he face . a sign on the door say '' respiratory isolation . '' a face in a N - 95 mask appear in the door . a knock on the window bring emhoff back . he pause for a moment and then remember -- he pull a surgical mask over he own face . the medical team enter , all wear protective gear . they regard he as though he be radioactive . they present he with a cup of pill . they take blood , etc . er doc be there any open chemical in you house , Mr. emhoff ? anything in the basement or garage that you son or wife may have come in contact with ? he shrug . emhoff why they and not I ? I be not sick . er nurse you temperature be a little high , Mr. emhoff . be that normal for you ? emhoff I do not know ... I have a daughter -- she 's come home from a band trip today . can someone give I my cell phone ? I want to call she mother . a nurse hand he he phone in a plastic bag . every ' item be suspicious . er doc there be a number of child who be sick at you son 's school , Mr. . emhoff . the Health Department have ask that we keep you here in isolation for now . contagion 1/14/10 20 . emhoff I need to make arrangement -- the funeral . funeral . er boc the Medical examiner be go to do a autopsy on you wife and we need to do that the under what be make people sick - need you to call the funerai home and have they release the body . I be sorry . I know this be a incredibly difficult time for you . can you do that fer we ? emheff nod . _ he get the phone out of the plastic bag . emhoff I do not know the number . int . minnesota medical examiner office - later the I and the assistant I perform a autopsy on Beth in a drab green room . a microphone hang over the metal table to record they finding . on the next table lie clark ' 's corpse as well wait for autopsy . minnesota I the decease be a female , thirty - two year of age . case be refer to the Medical examiner 's office 36 hour after time of death on suspicion of meningitis . they begin to open she skull with a surgical see . they look into Beth emhoff 's brain and be aghast . assistant I what the heil be that ? the I be dumbstruck . assistant I ( cont ‘d ) you want I to take a sample ? the I look at the blood and tissue that have be spray on both of they by the see . minnesota I it want you to move away from the table . contagion 1/14/10 21 . the Assistant do -- frighten . assistant I should I call someone ? minnesota I call everyone . int . bus - mainland china - day bai sit hold a bag with she brother 's urn inside of it on she lap . she do not look well . she swallow hard as the bus pull into the station . the passengers gather up they package and produce and line up for the door . bai seem disorient . she do not get up . the passenger next to she be confuse and want to get out . confuse ( subtitle ) be you get off ? this be Chong an . bai ( subtitle ) . I be not dress for the beach . confuse be baffle by she response and push by she . int . bus station - continuous bai be the last off the : bus . she almost fall down . the step . she too be cough now . pulling up and away from bai she walk unevenly through the crowded bus station . people cross she path oblivious to the threat she pose . she nearly drop she bundle and a young man stop to help she . he take she bag and she lean on he . they walk toward the exit together . vanish into the throng . laughing voice ( 0.s. ) how do we know you be not gonna put we all in the hospital ? smash CUT contagion 1/14/10 22. int .. condo - chicago 's gold coast - afternoon a large dining room with a stun view of Lake Michigan . November gray and white cap . a party of ten watch dr . ellis cheever ( 40' ) carve a Turkey as the Detroit lion play the Washington redskin on a tv in the corner . cheever accord to we record you be more likely to slip in the shower , or get in a car wreck than contract E. coli from Turkey . cheever get a kiss from suzanne AUBREY ( 30' ) -- the laugh voice . AUBREY Elizabeth make the stuff -- I do not think it can hurt anyone , can it , baby ? or , the sweet potato . they have little marshmallow for airbag . plates and platter be pass around the table . elizabeth nygaard fill she plate with salad . her three - year old daughter misty tug at she leg . misty T want marshmallow . elizabeth stuff for misty , but no bird for I . I be off the animal . good thing we do not go to Dallas . no animal survive . my dad make this turducken thing ... her husband -- daniel nygaard -- chime in . daniel it 's a chicken inside a duck inside a turkey . not a thing that happen in nature . on cheever his cell phone chirp -- and he put down the carve knife and answer . daniel cheever he fries it in a oi ] drum in I be sorry I gotta take this . the driveway ... contagion 1/14/10 23. Daniel continue on about the carnivore of Texas as cheever make he way to the kitchen . misty follow he . cheever {on phone ) this be Dr. cheever ... ok ... uh- huh. outside of minneapolis ... I 'my head back to Atlanta inthe morning . I do not know who 's around off the top of my head , but I be sure we can find somebody 's holiday to ruin . alright , you enjoy you dinner ... I take the redskin and give the point . cheever end that call and scroll through he phone . Hit send . as he wait for the phone to ring he jot down some note on a scrap of paper in the kitchen . angle on the paper '' 2 dead , 16 report ... bloomington , Minnesota ... '' cheever ( cont ’d ) {on phone ) hey , it 's cheever at about 5 - ish on Thanksgiving ... I know this kinda suck , but we have something in Minnesota . I '' in Chicago , but head back first thing . if you can meet tomorrow at the office around noon . bring warm clothes . cheever put the phone away . take a small bottle ‘of purell out of he pocket and douse he hand . he head back in to join the other and resume he dinner . . int . san francisco chronicle - day alan krumwiede ( 30 's ) sit in the cafeteria with lorraine vasquez ( 40' ) . they be hunch over he laptop -- plaster with a collection of sticker speak to krumwiede 's fascination with conspiracy . krumwiede I show it to a doctor . he say it do not look like epilepsy . contagion 1/14/10 24 . angle on computer screen a YouTube video of the japanese man die on the marunouchi line . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) and it be not some sort of - falun gong sarin-attack . only one person get sick . vasquez nobody help he . be he ok ? krumwiede read the post . some people say it be stage , a art project , some say that he die and they would not do a autopsy -- cover it up . vasquez cover what up ? krumwiede click on he computer . krumwiede not sure . maybe minamata disease -- make you mad as a hatter . it 's in the fish . there have be outbreak in the past , but the fishing industry suppress it . industrial disease . you know how many people read you paper over a plate of sushi everyday ? vasquez it 's just one man and we do not even know what happen . krumwiede just one man on video tape . we doe not know how many other - ~ fish be be ship all over the world . send I to Tokyo - - come on lorraine . vasquez hobart do we health stuff , Alan , you know that . we have almost no freelance budget anymore . and after swine flu end up be a punch - line , I think he 'il want to wait . contagion 1/14/10 25 . krumwiede you wait a few day and this will be tweet and myspace all over the planet . vasquez I 'il ask hobart . krumwiede you be gonna give he my story , be not you lorraine ? vasquez ( offended ) what ? Alan — krumwiede I tape this meeting . this story run in the Chronicle I will sue you ass . he show she a tape recorder . vasquez good-bye , Alan . do not call I anymore . she walk away . krumwiede print media be die , lorraine . I will save you a seat on the bus . int . university of minnesota hospital - night emhoff sit in he bed in a isolation room . a nurse in serious protective gear draw he blood . she place the vial directly in a cooler and move from he bedside to a seal vestibule . another person stand in the air-lock vestibule wait -- it 's hard to make out much about the person from the amount of protective gear they be wear . but , they hold a piece of pumpkin pie . cooler and pumpkin pie share the vestibule for a moment . cooler wait until I be out before you go in , ok ? pumpkin pie nod and watch as cooler leave the isolation room . she enter . contagion 1/14/10 26 . emhoff fight through the fear and loss to put on a brave front for he daughter jory ( 15 ) . emhoff welcome to quarantine . be careful . they might not let you leave . jory they tell I it 's isolation not quarantine , dad . quarantine be when they lock up everyone whether they be sick or not . isolation be just when they lock up the sick people . emhoff from my perspective there 's not much difference . jory God , dad -- what happen ? emhoff shrug . emhoff they be really sick , jory . there be nothing anyone could do . she try to understand . jory Mom send she condolence . this be from she . she hand he the pie . emhoff after I eat it they will probably need to shoot the plate and fork into space .. they do not even want I pee in the plumbing . jory it 's on the news . they say twenty - six people have it now , but like a thousand people have come to the emergency room . but , you be fine , right ? emhoff yeah , I '' fine . do not worry . jory but , you be with they . contagion 1/14/10 27 . emhofp some people be immune . they either do not get it -- or if they do get it they do not die from it . somehow they body figure it out . jory Te be I immune ? ' emhoff I do not know -- I have ask they to try and find out , but they do not seem to know very much yet . jory do they know what it be ? emhoff they send people over to the house to check for chemical , food , rodent . nothing there . the house be fine . jory so , when do you get to leave ? emhoff I be not sure . they want I to wait a few . day after my temperature be back to normal -- make sure I can not get anyone sick . she sit on the corner of he bed . jory you have never be normal . he smile underneath the mask . emhoff yeah , well normal seem pretty far away right now , but we will get there . she lie down across the end of he bed -- drape herself across he foot . ext . CENTER for disease control ( cdc ) - atlanta - day dr . erin mear ( 30' and bright eye ) pull she Toyota next to a audi in the parking lot . she get a hang bag from the trunk and head toward the elevator . contagion 1/14/10 28 . int . cdc - moment later mear sit with cheever in the mestly empty building read a file . . cheever . we have outbreak all the time up there --- usually some bug in a daycare center , or a chémical someone have be work with in a basement . ne ventilation when the weather get cold , or food that spoil at the county fair . the Health Department contact - ~ what 's they name ? swanson ? oshman ? mear flip some page . mear swanson . oshman be a er doc . cheever they have five death and thirty - ~ two case -- there 's a cluster in a elementary school . mear ( off the file ) but , nothing confirm . I mean , it 's all just encephalitis . cheever shrug . cheever you get Christmas and New Year 's off for this . call I when you get there . ext . world health organization - geneva ~ morning people file into the building on a dreary late November day . int . who - orantes office - simultaneously dr . leonora orantes ( 30 , european ) note something on she computer . angle on the screen the marunouchi line video - ~ she watch the man die for the millionth time on the internet . contagion 1/14/10 29 . there 's a knock on the door . it 's she boss -- damian leopold ( 50' ) . leopold meeting 's start . drug resistant TB forum . orantes yeah ... in a minute . you have see this ? leopold what ? orantes video . YouTube . leopold of what ? Leopold move around the desk to watch . leopold ( cont ’d ) who post it ? orantes journalist in San Francisco - - claim the government be conceal cause of death . leopold look like epilepsy . come on , we have people wait . she get up and head to the movie . int . housing block - hong kong the old chinese woman enter the elevator with a package . she do not look well . angle on the button for the 4th floor smudge and smear with repeat press . she press it . man ( 0.s. ) hold the elevator ! she press the door OPEN button as well . a middle aged man get on as well . contagion 1/14/10 30 . door OPEN man how be they ? old woman no better . the young one have fever . door OPEN man sorry . old woman ( off the package ) vinegar help . I get the last bottle , . half the people on the floor have it . the elevator arrive at the 4th floor . she shuffles off . hold the door OPEN button for she . then rub he nose . int . minneapolis /st . paul airport - evening mear see a man hold a sign with she name on it . she approach . mear Erin mear , cdc . swanson Dave swanson from the Department of bealth . Flight ok ? mear Fine . swanson you go to be warm enough ? we be look at around zero with the wind chill . mear this be the heaviest coat I have . they head off . swanson do not want you to catch a cold . he contagion 1/14/10 31 . int . department of health , minnesota - day mear , swanson and other official from different department sit at table take note . on the wall be a schematic on brown butcher paper of all the case . mear any case involve health care worker who treat emhoff or the boy ? a fresely scrubbed bureaucrat ( 30' ) give the update . freshly scrubbed we have 47 case and 8 death as far as we can tell -- but nothing 's confirm . because we do not know what we be confirm yet . we have the health care worker in iso . swanson a grief counselor who have contact with the boy have symptom -- so do the er nurse . a dire looking asian man chime in . dire it 's a weekend -- this number might be low . people just stay at home sick for a couple of day and see if they get better . mear so at this point I think we have to believe this be respiratory -- maybe fomite , too . school official what 's that ? fomite . mear transmission from surface . the school kid touch water fountain , door knob and what have you . it mean it life outside the body for a period of time . school official be that something we want to release to the press ? contagion 1/14/10 beat . diane nordquist ( 40 - ish ) perk up at this - Assistant Chief of staff for the Governor . nordquist I think we be go to need to walk the Governor through this kefore we freak everybody out . be there a big risk in wait till Monday , Dr. mear ? I mean , we can not even tell people what they should be afraid of right now -- that do not play well . we try that with swine flu and all we do be get healthy people scared to death . it 's the biggest shopping weekend of the year . dire I think we need to consider close the school . norpquist and who stay home with the kid ? people who work at store , government worker -- people who work at hospital . when will we know what this be ? what cause it ? what cure it ? swanson we have send sample to cdc ... two other lab as well . nordquist {to mear ) how long ? mear . in 72 hour we will know what it be -- if we be lucky . nordquist clearly , we be not lucky . ext . geneva - later 32 . she 's the orantes take the train home past postcard - perfect Lake geneva . her phone come to life . orantes Dr. orantes ... yes ? | : contagion 1/14/10 33 . leopold ( 0.s. ) we receive a cali from a Dr. tanaka in Tokyo . they be send a sample for analysis .. they have a number of people sick and can not identify the pathogen . orantes how many ? leopold ( 0.s. ) Three dead . Seven sick . orantes the man from the marunouchi line video ? the man with the seizure ? leopold ( 0.s. ) no , he wife and boss . ext . hartsfield airport , atlanta - evening a cargo plane taxi across the tarmac . Thanksgiving weekend . commercial flight be line up nose to tail . int . atlanta - fedex counter - continuous box from all over the world be unload roughly by the graveyard shift . close on a BOX '' dangerous biological material . keep refrigerated . '' it be address to the cdc . the night manager consider the box - — read the waybill . night manager ( off the waybill into a nextel phone ) we get a urgent for cdc in druid Hills . nextel voice ( 0.s. ) we have get all sort of urgent . the last truck go out twenty minute ago . he put the box in the next day 's pile . wight manager Monday it be then . contagion 1/14/10 34 . int . JOHN G. shedd aquarium - chicago - day pamela neal walk with she four year old boy past the giant kelp forest toward a bathroom . she look overwhelm by the crowd and the pain in she head . the boy be melting down in a big way . 7 - she hold she phone like a divine rod look for a signal . pamela neal tt do not feel that well , Tiger . whatever dad bring home he give to all of we . nobody be answer . pamela neal ( cont ’d ) honey , can you just sit here with I a minute . my leg feel really strange ... the boy sit down and she hold he close . pamela neal ( cont ’d ) ( leave a message ) josh , where be you ? I be at the shedd and I just - feel awful . maybe you be asleep . JI do not know that I can drive home ... I be gonna try you uh ...uh ... she seem to have forget the word . she drop the phone and she son pick it up . she walk awkwardly toward the exit . mear ( 0.s. ) ( prelap ) she fly back Hong Kong , Chicago , minneapolis . she have a five hour layover at o'hare . int . emhoffrs hospital room - day emhoff be still in isolation . mear interview he . emhoff she feel pretty bad when she get home , but it just seem like jet lag and then it kinda turn into a sore throat . contagion 1/14/10 35 . mear . do she work involve contact with livestock in any way ? we know she be in Hong Kong . on business ? emhoff _ a few day for a team - building exercise . she travel a lot for work . mear she mention see anyone who be i11 ? anyone on a plane ? she maybe eat anything off the street that she mention ? I know this be a hard time to answer question . emhoff she be kind of a food snob - ~ do not think she would do the street thing . I already give the Health Department she itinerary and the credit card receipt . maybe she get it from Clark . there 's like ten sick kid at that school . and I go there too , to pick he up . mear consider all the possibility . mear . she go through custom at 11:15 be and be on a 6 pm flight ' to minneapolis . any idea what she do in Chicago during that layover ? beat . this be news to emhoff . emhoff why ? be there anyone sick in Chicago ? mear study he emhoff ( cont 'd ) she say she miss she plane . mear . do she ? emhoff before we. get marry , my wife have a relationship with a man there . josh Neal . contagion 1/14/10 36 . beat . emhoff ( cont ’d ) be josh Neal sick -- do we get this from. he ? mear I can not - we ’‘re investigate all the - emhoff 's anger rise at the prospect of someone to blame . emhoff I think I have a right to know . look at where it be . I would just like to understand some of this . int . neal house ~ evanston , ii - simultanecusly paramedics be put josh neal into a ambulance . pamela look on . yhe paramedic get right in he face . paramedic pamela neal Mr. Neal ? I want you to stay he 's breathe right ? I with I here . can you hear could not wake he . we get I ? home and I could not wake he . we both wake up sick this morning . he have a sore throat and he head hurt from the light . the paramedic put he flashlight in she eye . check she pupil . int . university of minnesota hospital - moment later emhoff watch mear leave through the air lock -- only the pen she be use to take note remain on the side table . int . internet cafe , SF -- night krumwiede pace while he 's jack up on coffee . a japanese woman speak on the skype headset on he laptop . krumwiede coaches she on what to say . krumwiede ask if they have admit anyone else in status epilepticus . have anyone else die ? contagion 1/14/10 37 . she translate into the phone . krumwiede wait on a response . krumwiede japanese woman they want to know who you be ? look through he . note . krumwiede tell they I be from the World Health Organization . japanese woman Alan , I do not think you should - krumwiede why be they keep secret ? tell they I work in infectious disease and see the video on the internet . she translate reluctantly . krumwiede be key up . she take krumwiede japanese woman they're . transfer I ... off the headset and hand it to krumwiede . krumwiede hello ... Dr. Alan krumwiede here ... japanese accent ( 0.s. ) yes ... we speak to a Dr. orantes in geneva yesterday . five be dead — — thirty five case . make note . japanese accent ( cont 'd ) have you hear anything more about the London case ? I hear they have two cluster . krumwiede ( lie ) yes , we know about the London outbreak . . japanese accent ( 0.s. ) Three of we sick work here at the hospital . massive swell in the brain . I have see nothing like it . krumwiede hang up . daze . contagion 1/14/10 38 . japanese woman what do he say ? be it the fish ? should I call my parent and tell they not to eat the fish ? krumwiede get out a bottle of purell . krumwiede ( rattle ) uh...1 think you should definitely call you parent , int , HOTEL room - minneapolis - morning mear make a flow chart of the disease on the wall . it be spread ... more case now . behind she on tv a news report update the latest information from in front of the hospital . tv . news reporter ( on tv ) Beyond the edina executive and she son , five more minnesotan have now succumb to what . be believe to be a deadly encephalitis outbreak over the holiday weekend . official at the health department be urging people to come to the emergency room if they have any of the follow symptom ... fever , sore throat , sever headache , fatigue or seizure . she kick it back to the anchor man . anchor man fever and headache and sore throat . it 's not we friend the swine flu come back around ? tv news reporter the official I speak to do mention that many of the symptom might appear to be flu-like . anchor man well , we will want to keep a close eye on that story for any update . next on sport . the Viking prepare for Monday night 's showdown against the Giants . the phone ring - contagion 1/14/10 39 . mear mear . cheever ( 0.s. ) so , the affair in Chicago ? mear joshua Neal . int . cheever 's apartment , atlanta - night cheever be on the phone in he apartment . cheever he be doa at a hospital in Chicago . his wife and kid be also admit . I be ask for sample . int . mear 's HOTEL room - intercut mear be already taping more paper to the wall . the flow chart grow . mear so she either have it in Chicago , or she catch it in Chicago . cheever : we need to check the passenger on the plane from lax to o’hare and from Hong Kong to LA . we be get the manifest -- it 's just hard on a Sunday . everyone 's travel because of the holiday . mear if you be go to do a biological weapon -- nothing like a few million family dinner to get it go . people travel . Shopping . say hello and good ~ bye . I be sure it 's cross someone 's mind , cheever it 's cross a lot of mind . other agency aré all over this now . mear ( off the weather report ) it 's like ten degree here . contagion 1/14/10 40 . cheever ( joke ) ebola usually happen in warm place -- you rather be on that ? int . housing block - hong kong - day " . a man in a robe run down the hall . he knock on the door of a apartment urgently . running man oshout at door ) look out the window ... look . he run to another door and a third in the hallway open . a coughing man emerge . coughing man what be it ? what 's happen . more door be open now and the inhabitant be flooding toward the stairwell . running man they be outside . ext . housing block - hong kong ~ continuous a number of military style truck be parking and a small army of medical professionals in mask move quickly on the building . there be armed personnel wear mask as well . they enter the building and seal off the exit . a man with a megaphone speak . megaphone resident of chrysanthemum garden . please stay in you apartment . we will be come door to door with medical treatment . please stay inside . this be for you own safety and the safety of you neighbor . but , some of the panic stricken resident be make a run for it . the running man jump out a second floor window and be head round the corner when he be apprehend by a soldier . but , other resident escape scatter into the crowd . running . contagion 1/14/10 41 . two nurse take the temperature of that who do not run -- the old woman and her child be in line . they call out the result . result 38.1 . they be put in the truck . next , the man from the elevator . result 2 normal . and the man be allow to walk away . int . bsl -3 lab - cdc - day dr . ally hextall ( 40' ) and she colleague -- dr . david eisenberg ( 30' , israeli ) put on protective blue suit with N - 95 mask with plexiglass face shield . they make they way through the air-lock and chamber . eisenberg you have a good Thanksgiving ? hextall I work . eisenberg ( sarcastic ) really ? you ? hextall salmonella thing in Texas -- pretty limited . they move past centrifuge and incubator -- mechanical box and microscope . they arrive at a air-lock compartment in the wall . eisenberg open it and retrieve the parcel . he put it ona table and begin to open it . careful not to lance he suit with a BOX cutter . hextall ( cont ’d ) what do we have ? eisenberg delicately open the blood sample from its containment . he place it in a centrifuge . eisenberg Young woman in Minnesota - - go into a coma after seizure . die a few hour later . ( more ) contagion 1/14/10 42. eisenberg ( cont 'd ) recently travel to China . Son also die . as of this morning , 87 case and fifteen dead . hextall open the tissue sample of brain . she place it on a tray . speckle of blood on she rubber . glove . eisenberg ( cont 'd ) be it anywhere else yet ? hextall ( off the brain ) yeah , it 's on my glove . int , who - conference room the daily briefing . ten people sit around a table watch slide of the evacuation from the chrysanthemum garden housing block in Hong Kong . j leopold what we be hearing from Beijing be that the outbreak be contain to chrysanthemum complex in Hong Kong . | two death and ten suspect case . a asian Doctor be dubious . dubious nothing in Hong Kong be contain . orantes how may people live in chrysanthemum ? leopold six thousand . it 's central Kowloon . dubious Hospital admission ? lecpold they be not disclose yet . orantes be there any vinegar leave in the store ? leopold vinegar ? contagion 4/14/10 43 . dubious traditional remedy . if the vinegar be go - - we be way behind the curve . leopold . the chinese be send sariples . should be here in 24 hour . a indian doctor start hand out a report . indian doc ok , we be see cholera in Bangladesh in large number follow the flooding . the slide be now of Bangladesh . the world never run out of the sick . ext . cdc - parking lot - morning cheever head toward the entry . '' roger the janitor ( 50' , African american ) take a hit off ‘his inhaler as he move some trash bin . roger Morning , Dr. cheever . cheever you kick ass 's in the pool this weekend . roger go falcon ! cheever be clocked by a man on a bench who be talk on he cell phone . bench man Dr. cheever ? cheever stop . cheever can I help you . bench man Dennis french , Department of homeland Security . have a moment ? cheever shrug . french finish up he call . contagion 1/14/10 french {to phone ) t find he -- tell the unit on the way to he house to come in . cheever be alarmed by this . int , cdc - conference room ~ moment later 44 , cheever , french and cdc asst . director lyle haggerty who be in he coast guard uniform . french have photo of the enforce quarantine in Kowloon . french this happen yesterday in Kowloon . worker at a casino in macau strike over condition -- three have die in one bunk house . CIA think there may be a connection . cheever write down the number . haggerty casino be of particular concern to homeland Security . french if someone be ready to blow themselves up at a pizzeria , then the think of walk through a crowded casino or a airport spread small pox or anthrax must have cross they mind . we be ask for a list of casino guest . cheever what do they die of ? the three . prench report be vague ~ - seizure , coma . cheever and haggerty share a look . haggerty we have 's reach out to who -- see what they know . cheever emhoff travel to Hong Kong -- I ’11l check on macau . she stop in Chicago on the way home . contagion 1/14/10 45 . french and ? beat . cheever know what 's come . cheever - we know of at least one death in Chicago - - no confirmation yet . but , we believe that emhoff be in contact with the Chicago case . french we have run scenario like this . we be go to want to alert the administration and the NSA . when will we know how to stop this ? cheever after we figure out what it be —- and if it 's the same thing everywhere . french be not happy with this answer . french be there any way someone could weaponize bird flu ? be that what we be look at ? cheever someone do not have to weaponize bird flu . that 's what the bird be do . int . cdc - lab - simultaneously the virus ! electron microscopy show irregular sphere with spike . there be bulb at the end of spike that fit into human cell like key in lock . a monitor the virus have be isolate . eisenberg and hextall puzzle over it . hextall go in a field . eisenberg click a mouse and the virus enlarge . contagion 1/14/10 46 . eisenberg I be not see much cross - reactivity . her body have no idea what to do about it . hextall novel . shit . another computer display spell it out in genetic . sequence . a series of consonant and number spell out a brand new word . hextall ( cont ‘d ) send the image to Sussman in San Francisco and feldman in New York . see if they have any idea . but , I do not want it go wide yet . etsenberg what do we say upstairs ? hextall all we can tell they be what it 's not -- and they can tell the world what that mean . int . orantes 's office - night she watch the marunouchi line video again and again . there have now be two million hit . it have go viral . she notice something . pause the video . she make it full screen . angle on screen the man carry a bag on he shoulder -- when he tumble , but the content spill out . the dubious colleague from the earlier briefing work across the hall . she yell to he . orantes can I ask you something ? he walk into hex office . orantes ( cont 'd ) what do that look like to you ? dubious airplane ticket . contagion 1/14/10 47 . orantes which airline ? dubious I be not . sure , I do not fly that much . - —_ orantes type quickly on she computer -- bring up the AIR china homepage . the color on 's the website match the ticket jacket lie near the marunounchi man . orantes this one ? dubious look like it to I . orantes yeah , I too . int . chicago board of trade - morning the future floor be crowded with trader shoulder to shoulder wait for the day to begin . a man with a rough voice get up with a microphone . rough voice over the weekend , a friend and colleague pass away . joshua Neal . he be a good father . a good man . anda loyal friend . I would like we all to join in a moment of silence for we co-worker josh Neal . silence spread across the man in the pit . they search the top of they shoe for solace . the silence be punctuate with the hoarse cough of a trader breaking a sweat . int . 3m office - minnesota - day mear , swanson and other member of a investigative team enter the office building on a mission . they wear dept of health windbreaker -- some wear mask , all wear glove . they carry vessel for containment of biological matter . a human resource worker point toward the stair . it feel like a FBI raid . hr worker Ms. emhoff be on the third floor . contagion 1/14/10 48. swanson and the team head into the stairwell . mear lead the way with the hr worker . hr worker ( cont 'd ) we have the list you ask . for . she hand she a slip of paper . hr worker ( cont 'd ) they be in the conference room on the fifth floor . they be tell to keep ten foot apart . mear by whom ? hr worker the on-site nurse , there be a lot of anxiety and it seem get they all in the same place and away from the other employee would be best . we close up the bathroom she be use and bring in a clean team . the cleaning team ten strong and fully outfit . wash down every work surface and keyboard with ammonia and lysol and anything else that kill the small and nasty . they treat it like it 's a hazardous waste spill . swanson we be not gonna get much here - ~ pretty much be sanitize . int , fifth floor conference room - moment later mear address a group of eleven nervous employees . nervous 1 there be a package she messenger from Hong Kong that I open . mear should not be a issue -- virus can not live for day on a box . anybody meet she at the airport or see she when she get back ? nervous look all around . contagion 1/14/10 49 . nervous 2 sometimes we do pilate together , but she do not feel up to it . mear so , you have no contact with she ? nervous 2 only over the phone . nervous 3 ( hold . forward a coffee cup ) we have coffee the day she come in -- I think she might have move my . cup because it be on some papers . I can not remember . swanson how many day ago ? nervous 3 six . I have like to be test -- my head be buzzing . people move away from she . hr worker 1 the security log say that Dave amdahl be here during that hour . nervous 1 Dave work on another floor . swanson be he at the meeting ? nervous 3 no , but he be : with she . mear and how 's that ? nervous 3 her car be stick in the snow and he push it out . mear where be he ? hr call down to he office . everyone wait and watch . contagion 1/14/10 50 . hr worker May I speak to Dave ... uh...uh... 20 minute . she hang up . hr worker ( cont 's D} he get a late start this morning - ~ he 's on he way in . mear do you have he cell . phone number ? int . minneapolis CITY bus - simultaneously dave amdahl ( 30 's ) on a crowded city bus -- he cough and drink he coffee . look a little sweaty -- not great . his phone ring . amdahl hello ... this be . yeah , should be there soon ... I get a late . start today . two sick one at home . need to get my sister to - come over and stay with they ...... a long pause as we hear mear try to remain calm on the other . end of the line . mear ( 0.s. ) where be you at this moment ? amdahl on the bus . he pull the wire to signal the bus to stop at the next corner . anxiety building . amdahl ( cont ’d ) yeah , I '' get off . he do . ext . minneapolis STREET corner — continuous people mill about . amdahl be still on the phone . freak out . contagion 1/14/10 sl . amdahl she could not get the car out so I help . I push for a while , but then I just drive it out for she ... he look at he own hand . amdahl ( cont ’d ) they be on the wheel . int , official car / cheever' office at cdc - moment later - intercut mear drive to get amdahl - - siren blaze . speak . to : cheever who be on the phone in he office . ' mear as of this morning we have somewhere between 22 and 39 fatality -- but people be come back from the holiday -- could get crazy . . two more death last night . both connect to the hospital -- er nurse who see emhoff and another patient in the er . cheever hextall say it 's novel . Sussman say it 's mosaic . feldman say it 's part human and part pig - - but not h1in1 . we nre try to put together a press statement for this afternoon . we have get dead in Tokyo , London , macau and the who be tell we the chinese quarantine a apartment building -- they have five dead . mear out of how many ? cheever they be not say . mear you gonna call a national emergency ? cheever and say what ? we can not hide from the air . can not spell pandemic without spelling panic . still cold there ? contagion 1/14/10 52 . mear until July from what I understand . just buy a down parka and wool hat . I ‘li be expense that . there 's a football game here tonight . sixty thousand people in a small space , use the same~rést room and water fountain . cheever we call the governor - ~ he have ticket on the 50 yard line . mear I gotta go -- we find we spreader . they arrive at amdahl . he sink to he knee -- terrify . mear ( cont ‘d ) Mr. amdahl , I want you to put on this mask and get in the ambulance . we believe you may have come in contact with a highly contagious virus . ok ? do you understand ? he be give a mask and climb into the ambulance . int . american embassy - dubai ~ day in a conference room with a american flag frame on the wali , three U.S. official in suit sit with Rafik and a he lawyer . two of the official wear N - 95 mask and the third pace . pace Prior to London you be in Hong Kong and macau . Prior to that you be in Dubai and riyadh . rafik' lawyer we have provide a complete itinerary . rafik be the mask necessary ? no one here be ill . they ignore he . official 1 and the young woman who die in London ? you have know she long ? contagion 1/14/10 53. rafik we meet last spring in chamonix . rafik 's lawyer he have meeting in Miami next week . I do not understand -- rafik I have never have a visa request reject before . I have have two congressman as guest here in Dubai . official 2 also , we understand you butler die of a undetermine illness as well this week . pace be gambling a passion of yours , Mr. khalifa ? have you be to Las Vegas ? Atlantic City ? macau ? beat . rafik 's lawyer you know he be in macau . pace you have holding in two romanian drug company . we would like to talk to you more about that , Mr. khalifa . rafirk this be bullshit . absurd . rafik' lawyer he 's lose a love one and a employee in the last week or so - ~ he himself have be ill . why be you harass he ? pace there be people in this part of the world who have state a interest in biological weapon . do you know any of this people ? Rafik get up to leave . official 1 we would like a blood sample , Mr. khalifa . contagion 1/14/10 54 . rafik what be you say ? I kill someone ? official 1 we would like a blood test to be administer by a physician -- affiliate with the US military here - ~ I think you can understand how we would arrive at such a request . we mean no offense . he slide a appointment card toward he . rafik I no like to go now . i’11 be contact Senator schumer 's office about this . he leave the card on the table . haggerty . ( 0.s. ) ( prelap ) it 's always a good idea to have water and can goods on hand ... int . cdc —- PRESS conference - day cheever hold forth before a sea of reporter . haggerty and a group of other grim face official stand behind he . they be active on they blackberry - - new report be walk in . raggerty -.- regardless if the threat be a earthquake or outbreak or hurricane . all emergency service provider advocate that . I be go to turn it over the Dr. zllis cheever , deputy director of we infectious Disease Center . cheever ok . there be a release post on we website that be update hourly . here 's the situation in Minnesota - ~ which be very fluid right now . 35 be believe dead . we be processing sample . until we do that we can not confirm that the death be the result of the same illness . contagion 1/14/10 55 . reporter 1 can you say what drug you believe will be effective at this point ? antibiotics ? anitviral ? cheever I can not . answer that . we need to identify the infectious agent first . reporter 1 tamiflu ? relenza ? be they deplete by the swine flu outbreak ? cheever it would be irresponsible to recommend a. course of treatment without a understanding of the disease . reporter 2 so , there 's no medical treatment ? cheever we have isolate the virus , but not identify it . that 's job one . reporter 2 and when will it be identify ? there be report on the web out of Hong Kong that it 's avian flu . can you comment on that ? int . airport geneva - night - simultaneously in the departure lounge , orantes watch the press conference on CNN INTERNATIONAL . cheever we do not believe this be h5 n1 -- or a mutate hin1 . the World Health Organization have send a epidemiologist to Hong Kong to try and identify the origin of whatever it be we be look at . we do know that the person in Minnesota who appear to be the index patient have travel to that part of the world . reporter 2 but , you do not know what it be ? contagion 1/14/10 56 . cheever that do not stop we from know what it 's not . reporter 3 be you issue any warning about plane travel at this point ? -- or , school ? int . nice bouse — edina , minnesota - simultaneously emhoff watch the conference on a local NBC affiliate with jory . haggerty the cpc be in discussion with homeland Security and other branch of government and we refer you to we website for update on warning and school closure . that will be up to the state . reporter 4 be the fda prepare to pull any food or issue any warning ? farmer in Iowa have voluntarily cull bird today and farmer in Texas be follow suit . | cheever | there be no reason to believe at this point that food stock have be compromise . | reporter 4 but , you do not know ? beat . cheever we believe it be pass by normal respiration from a infect person . we have post symptom on the website -- one more question . int . internet cape , SF -~ simultaneously krumwiede watch on fox news . contagion 1/14/10 57 . reporter 5 there be blog on the internet from credible source that this may be a biological weapon we be see . in fact , a extremist organization have take credit on the internet -- a algerian .. gzoup with tie to Saudi Arabia ... cheever again , that 's not my world . we be in touch with homeland Security -- haggerty and we be share information and sample with health and intelligence organization around the world . thank you . reporter 3 : can you repeat the affect city '' so far ? , cheever again , the US city affect be minneapolis , Chicago , Los Angeles , Boston and Salt Lake ... we expect that number to grow as people return from they holiday . cheever step away from the podium . reporter 2 you name again . cheever Ellis cheever ... c-h-e-e-v-e-r. int . metrodome —- minnesota the Viking be play the giant -- monday night football . there be some empty seat . a few fan wear n~95 protective mask , most do not . there be a crawl on the scoreboard that say : " the minneapolis Health Department remind you to cover you mouth when you cough and wash you hand frequently . '' a soft pretzel make its way down a row of fan and a twenty dollar bill make its way back toward the vendor who lick he finger and peel off change . a conveyor belt of virus spread . contagion 1/14/10 58 . int . HOTEL lobby - minneapolis - simultaneously mear watch the game on tv . she have some soup and salad . at the bar three delta flight attendant talk among themselves . attendant the company be say that if we think someone be sick we need to repert they . be we gonna throw they out at 30,000 foot ? attendant 2 ; have the union say anything yet ? I hear that BA be stop flight the Chicago and Boston . attendant there 's a thing today on the internet that there be sample | miss from the Army lab in j maryland . that 's what this be . : they be try to make a flu shot i and this happen . someone mess | up big time . i . 1 mear sign she check . | int . chek lap kok atrport - hong kong - morning | orantes arrive from geneva . she be ushere through a infrare face scan machine that check she temperature . the line be outrageously long . Children be check with ear thermometers . she step through the machine . Neo alarm , no problem . she be fifty foot away when a kerfuffle break out behind she . a man be be detained . he be a bit older and speak English with a accent . she stop . detained my temperature be always high . I have a thyroid condition . but he be be lead away by uniform and mask worker . detained ( cont 'd ) I be a dutch citizen and I want to be take to my embassy . you have no right to do this . people give he a wide berth . orantes keep go . contagion 1/14/10 59 . int . crisis room - cdc - night a mission control set - up to monitor the progress of the disease . screen cover the local news in different city . different part of the room be dedicated to different region of the country . in a glass wall conference room , cheever survey a white board cover in marker . a diagram of what we know so far -- minneapolis , Chicago , London , Hong Kong , Dubai and beyond -— dot line connect place and name . it 's spread like a blood stain on the map . cheever 's cell phone ring . cheever yeah , I be still here ... what 's the news say ? he look at the butcher paper flow chart -- eye Chicago . cheever ( cont 'd ) we do not know about tamiflu yet . yeah , we have sample from Chicago . I do not know ... get some saline spray for you nose . you still eat leftover ? yeah ... I think New Year 's in Mexico sound good . where be . Daniel 's place ? hextall walk in , grim look on she face . hextall the Japan sample match the Minnesota sample . the who say they have a match with the London cluster . we be level four and head to level five . cheever {into phone ) Babe , I '1 ] l call you later . I gotta go . ext . university of san francisco - night a tired man in he late 40' come out of the science building . his name be dr . ian sussman -- he speak into a dictaphone . he be unaware of this but alan krumwiede be a few step behind he . contagion 1/14/10 60 . sussman . {into a tape recorder ) show novel characteristic and look mosaic in origin . all attempt to grow the virus on tissue have fail ... krumwiede I know it be a mosaic . it 's godzilla , King Kong and frankenstein all in one . he recognize krumwiede . sussman fuck , really ? get away from here , Alan . ' you be not a doctor and you nre not a reporter . krumwiede it be a reporter . yes I be . sussman blogg be not write . krumwiede ( get angry ) there be rumor that it 's a biological weapon -- have you speak to USAMRIID ? sussman go away , Alan . krumwiede it 's get on plane , it 's go to museum , you always say in_ class when medical people be die it 's time to be scared . the nurse 's union in minneapolis be raise ethical issue -- they be stay home . tamiflu do not do shit this time . we be naked . sussman I be surprised you remember anything from class , Alan . krumwiede I have be follow it online since the marunouchi man - - it 's 25 % fatal . small pox number . the nightinare cometh . contagion 1/14/10 61 . sussman the nightmare be online , Alan . the nightmare be you . get away from my lab . Sussman get in he prius and drive away . int . mear 's HOTEL room - minneapolis - morning mear wake up to the sound of she own cough . she do not give it much think , but as she sit up the force of the headache hit . she rush to the bathroom and grab a battery power thermometer from she toiletry bag . hand shaking she put it in she mouth . sit on the toilet scared out of she mind . mear {with thermometer in mouth ) please god , please god . she check the thermometer . it 's high . mear rip into a package of tamiflu . she take a pill and swallow with water . mear ( cont 'd ) no...no ...no ... she open the drape and look outside ~ - another gray day in Minnesota . but , today be different the national guard be now out . she pick up the phone and call the front desk . mear ( cont ’d ) this be Dr. Erin mear in 318 . I want to know the name of everyone who have service this room in the last few day ... also , you need to get in touch with the waitress who be work in the lounge last night . I need all of they number , .. yes ... it 's a emergency . int . kwong wah hospital - isolation ~ day orantes wear a spacesuit and interview the old woman from the elevator at chrysanthemum garden . everything go through a translator ( male , 30' ) . two chinese health official ' sit in . all wear protective gear . one we will come to know as orantes 's chinese counterpart . contagion 1/14/10 62 . old woman in the fall we try and eat a animal . one with a good coat . they say it protect you ... a civet or another strong animal that give you strong wind . orantes and do you eat such a animal this year ? old woman no . I could not . afford it . that 's why I '' sick . just the chicken from the wet market . I try to buy more vinegar for the child - - but it 's all sell out . everyone be sick . int . kwong wah hospital ~ conference room - moment later a chinese health official discuss the finding with orantes and the translator . he switch back and forth between English and chinese with the other official in the room . chinese counterpart there be 37 from chrysanthemum who have symptom . ten have die . orantes be there any other cluster ? in Kowloon ? in Hong Kong proper ? what about on the mainland ? a animated conversation break out in chinese . orantes try to keep track , but clearly they do not want she to be a part of it . the man gesticulate at the flow chart on the wall . the chinese Health official calm he cohort . chinese health official 2 we have nothing on the mainland to report . orantes be not sure if she should believe this . orantes what about the macau cluster ? contagion 1/14/10 °63 . chinese health official it be possible that this japanese index patient bring it from Thailand . we have hear rumor of a new virus there in the North . chinese counterpart perhaps you would like to go . to the hotel now . we will arrange a meal for later and you can tour the other hospital . she study the flow chart on the wall . orantes I want to go to macau . int . hardware store - minnesota - afternoon emhoff and he daughter , jory , search the aisle for item . emhoff ask a sale clerk for help . emhoff they be out of they over at the Walgreen . the N - 95 be the one the website say be the most protective . sale clerk we do not carry anything like that -- I think you want to go over to a medical supply store or something . emhoff we try that place on lyndale . they be out as well . what about one for work with hazardous chemical ... if you be sand something . a mask like that ? jory you want I to wear one of that around ? really ? maybe I be immune like you . emhoff people do it in Japan all the time , jory . the sale clerk lead they over to the aisle where the mask might be . they be also sell out . contagion 1/14/10 64 . sale clerk must of sell out of this this morning . jory what if 1 just wear a bandana like jesse James ? sale clerk be there anything else I can help you with ? emhoff flashlight , duct tape and some water purification tablet . int . world health organization / cdc / dhs / various country - intercut a video - conference call in progress . Leopold and a host of other doctor from the who convene with official at the cdc -- cheever , haggerty and other . there be also official from China , Japan and the UK on the phone . leopold we have cluster in London , Manchester , Dubai , Hong Kong , Tokyo , Kyoto , Chicago , minneapolis , Los Angeles , Salt Lake City , Boston , and macau . this morning we have learn of suspect case in Amsterdam . and Frankfurt . we have meet the criterion for level four . aprican representative depend on sample from the case in pretoria it may be level five . they all come from London . a map. of the world be broadcast to all the representative . the charge of the virus be alarming . it spool out over time . leopold use we model we believe there be approximately 89,000 case at this point and that we be head toward 267,000 - - and from there use we model base on the R naught of 3.2 , here : be where we expect to be in 48 hour . contagion 1/14/10 65 . the map animate to reflect this rate of spread -- exponential increase pool out . over a million case around the world , leopold ( cont ’d ) the fatality rate be 26.3 per cent . chinese official ~~ we be not prepare to connect the macau casino case with the one in Kowloon at this point -- I think we need to wait for analysis of the sample . cheever but , my understanding be that there be considerable traffic between the two ... chinese official yes . but , we should wait for the science . leopold we have a epidemiologist on the ground in Hong Kong - - she work in determine the origin of the outbreak be crucial . once we know where this thing come from , we can get about the business of solving it . chinese official we be cooperate fully . in the cdc video conference room , cheever , haggerty and hextall smirk at this . leopold Dr. cheever - - perhaps you can update we on the research . a image of the virus be broadcast . cheever we believe it be a paramyxovirus . we know that it be transmit easily by respiration and believe it also can live on surface for up to 24 hour . as of right now , nobody have be able to grow the virus in cell . african representative and why be that ? contagion 1/14/10 beat . hextall because it kill all the cell we put it in . pig , chicken and human . until we can grow enough of it we can not vaccinate against it . japanese official ( on screen ) have you find any treatment at all ? any antiviral ? anything anyone ? english official we have begin study with the survivor , but that 's go to take some time . prench official I think it be important the discuss issue of patent and distribution now -- I know there be conversation in progress between pharmaceutical company ... leopold who be encourage the share of information between the private and public sector . english official as of a hour ago there be not even any test monkey available . someone 's cornere the market ... there be report on the internet that relenza be effective . african representative no doubt start by the maker of relenza . cheever that be not we experience . chinese official obviously , if someone have discover a treatment protocol we would like full disclosure and a commitment to forfeit patent and share revenue . 66 . contagion 1/14/10 french official I do not know if we be prepare to agree with that right now in a blanket statement . british official ... not until we know if we be . talk therapy or vaccine . too many unknown . japanese official but , we know one in four or five will die . french official I think we need to hear first from the Americans . cheever Excuse I , Dr. Leopold , but I do not see the point in argue about who get the rights to a cure that do not even exist yet . chinese official maybe it do exist . that 's why we need disclosure . japanese businessman I think we all would like a answer to that question . what be US policy on share medicine with the rest of the world ? cheever and haggerty share a look . beat . haggerty we be await a decision on this matter from homeland Security and other department of we government . I think there be important legal issue here for all of we . . chinese official so , there will be no full disclosure . ext . WASHINGTON , DC - day the Capitol Building on a fall day . 67 . contagion 1/14/10 68 . int . senate office build - continuous senator boxer discuss the emerge situation with she staff and some other interested partie , boxer . we have get 50 different statés . with 50 different policy , we have get cbc , hhs , fema - congressional aid they be all homeland Security now . boxer so who set policy ? we have get 500 phone call from San Francisco on just this . where 's Martin ? we need to issue a statement . congressional aid he leave after the breakfast - -~ look like he be come down with something . int . minneapolis armory - day mear lie in a bed in a long row of bed in the makeshift infirmary . swanson approach in protective gear - swanson Dr. mear , Dr. cheever call again . we be just have a very hard time with the logistic of evacuate you . find a plane and all -- mear nod -- she 's miserable . mear there 's nothing we can do anyway , might as well do it here as in Atlanta . swanson hand she a phone in a plastic bag . swanson . I do get you phone . Dr. cheever ask that you call if you feel up to it . contagion 1/14/10 69 . mear I be have word find problem . sensitive to light . same thing emhoff report . swanson eno first responder and medical personnel at the University . I want to move you there , but the nurse 's union be call a stoppage until protocol be in place . there be volunteer and nun -- it 's hard to know where 's the best place . mear nod -- sweaty and miserable . int . casino - macau - night orantes and she chinese counterpart wander through the casino with a mainland maintenance worker . very few gambler be present . she be escort as always by other chinese Health official and casino management . mainland first there be two who get sick . then there be many more and now everyone be sick or sleep outside . now , so many people . orantes do you remember who get the first headache ? chinese counterpart we know that Sun ke and Zou lufeng become ill on the same day . mainland yes , they do . and then chen nanxi when he move into Li bai 's bunk . orantes what happen to Li bai ? he be resistant ? mainland he go on vacation -- before . orantes scratch he name off a list . contagion 3/14/10 79 . chinese counterpart that 's why he be not among the sick . matnland he die anyway though . a accident . beat . orantes when ? mainland he go to see he sister and be kill in a accident -- but , it . be before Sun ke and Zou lufeng get sick . orantes where do he sister live ? mainland Kowloon . orantes go back and circle he name . int . cdc bsl level 4 lab - night a even more . extensive series of room within room ~ - glass cube connect by air-lock . in the innermost area a bench scientist work with the virus -- slide be move from machine to machine . its most basic composition appear on a computer screen two room over . hextall and eisenberg review the result . a short alphabet display before they like a high stake game of scrabble - a , C , T and G. eisenberg ( off the screen ) part pig , part human and part bat . maybe nipah or hendra viruse . hextall do the emhoff woman have any evidence of a bat bite in the autopsy ? another set of result appear on the screen . a bell curve waver from right tc leave . contagion 1/14/10 71 . eisenberg it 's still change . the swarm be shifting every few day . could still mutate in a major way . hextall _—_ it 's figure we out faste¥ . - than we be figure it out . eisenberg it do not have anything else to do . int . cdc emergency operation CENTER ~- night : cheever and a host of other . worker monitor screen and answer phone . the map on the wall show the virus have spread exponentially . Butcher paper span the area - - but you can not wrap this up in butcher paper anymore . they have run out of wall . haggerty walk into the center . haggerty Ellis , can I borrow you for a moment ? int . haggerty 's office - moment later haggerty and cheever behind close door . haggerty there 's a sick congressman from Illinois in dc . he just get back from Chicago . the governor there be gonna call out the National Guard and try and do some isolation . they nre close midway and o’hare . some rumor on the goddamn internet about it be in the water . cheever that 's gonna make it hard to get people to wash they hand . haggerty the who be take it to five in a hour . the secret service be move the President underground . Congress be figure out how to work online . it 's fuck surreal . ( more ) contagion 1/14/10 72 . haggerty ( cont 'd ) when word go out there 's gonna be a run on the bank , the grocery store , gas station . cheever nod . he can see implication in the shade map on the wall . cheever it 's all gonna tip over . virus ' 1ll be the least of we problem . haggerty let 's just make sure nobody know until everybody know . int . HOTEL : conference room - hong kong orantes and she chinese counterpart work backwards against time . Butcher paper up.on - the wall . a diagram with box and name . and a map with pin in it . orantes we have emhoff at the mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong . we have marunouchi man at the Golden Dragon ... we have khalifa and irina on a helicopter that land in macau . all on the 15th of November . chinese counterpart Li bai have contact with khalifa and take it to Kowloon where emhoff be a tourist . khalifa could have disperse it -- he may have vaccinate himself somehow . I think we still have to consider the possibility that it be a biological weapon ... or marunouchi man bring it from Thailand . orantes the first cluster in Thailand be on the 27th . it do not start there . she cross to the window lock out . chinese counterpart do we believe the thai ministry be a reliable reporter ? contagion 1/14/10 73. hong kong a plume of dark smoke rise in the distance . orantes what be they burn ? chinese counterpart the dog -- health minister say they could be transmitter . it have to be consider . orantes go back to the diagram . cheever ( 0.s . ) ( prelap ) when you have a virus you body send out army of antibody . and the antibody look at the virus and compare it to every virus you have ever have ... int . cdc parking lot - atlanta - late night cheever pace and stare out at the sea of press stand vigil beyond the gate . he 's on the phone . cheever .- and it figure out how it beat it the last time . you be you own pharmaceutical company -- you be bear with a catalogue of cure . the problem be sometimes , there be no last time . it do not know the answer . every fifty year or so somebody have to go first . AUBREY ( 0.s. ) how many people be gonna die ? cheever in 1918 , about one percent of the population die from the Spanish flu outbreak . 40 million . int . AUBREY 's apartment - chicago . - intercut AUBREY but , we be better now . we have drug we do not have and better science . so it will not be that bad . contagion 1/14/10 74 , something faster . cheever it use to spread only as fast as we could walk . now it get on plane and go 500 mile a hour . we live in city . hang from strap on subways . it want we in school and elevator . shake hand ... mear be sick in minneapolis . AUBREY who ? cheever the Doc I send up there -- she 's on a cot at a armory . there be no nurse . AUBREY why not ? cheever there 's a strike . AUBREY how can they do that ? cheever because there 's nothing they can do - - we be just put healthy people . next to sick one . there be still people die of cancer and stroke today and tomorrow . we need they there . AUBREY I '' sorry , Ellis . that 's not you fault . you go place , too . you take risk . it 's random . in cheever unravel at this -- he start talk cheever I want you to get in you car and drive here . drive by yourself . they be gonna close the airport and the bank be gonna go to shit . there 's only enough food in supermarket for 3 day . it 's gonna get difficult in a lot of way and it 's gonna start soon . . contagion 1/14/10 75 . AUBREY what ? what be you talk about ? cheever get as much cash as you can out of the ATM . get across state line and do not tell anyone . just get in you car now . he hang up . from behind a pillar emerge roger the janitor . cheever ( cont 'd ) do you hear any of that ? roger I get people , too , dr.. cheever . we all do . ext . nice house - edina , minnesota ~ night a black sedan pull up to the house . a man in a suit get out of the car and walk to the door : int . nice house - edina , minnesota - continuous emhoff and jory sit in the kitchen and work on they computer . the news provide a steady stream of flu update and school closing . the doorbell ring . emhoff go to answer it . he do not recognize the man and hesitates to open the door . emroff uh ... can I help you ? booth Stuart Booth . I be look for Thomas emhoff . emhoff I be Tom emhoff . do I know you , Mr. Booth ? booth Mr. emhoff , I be a lawyer and I want to discuss with you what could be incredibly lucrative . emhofp a offer ? what kind of offer . contagion 1/14/10 76 . booth May I come in ? I have need you to sign something before I can disclose all the detail . emhoff consider -- beyond Booth a town car idle in the driveway . — booth ( cont 'd ) I fly in privately this morning to meet you Mr. emhoff -- I have really appreciate a chance to make my presentation . int . dominick 's grocery chicago - night aubrey be stock up on provision -- she have fill she cart with water , cliff bar , can of tuna , bananas -- she stand in front of the display for purell . she take as many bottle as can fit in the cart . she get in line -~ another shopper clock she cart curiously . aubrey struggle against the desire to share what she know . ext . dan ryan freeway - chicago - night aubrey drive down the freeway -- national guard truck move in the other direction toward the city . semi -truck stand park on the shoulder front to back for a mile . she head south . her phone ring -- she friend from Thanksgiving dinner . nygaard ( 0.5 . ) hey , friend what 's up with blow off dinner ? AUBREY I be sorry , Liz . nygaard ( 0:s. ) sorry ? why so flaky you feel ok ? this flu shit be really spooky . what do Ellis say ? Facebook say it 's a terrorist . thing and that they be keep the antidote until demand be meet . AUBREY uh ... he say it 's serious . nygaard 's daughter cry in the background . contagion 1/14/10 77 . nygaard ( 0.s. ) honey , shush ... what do that mean ? where be you ? AUBREY I be get out of town . nygaard ( 0.s. ) what ? what 's go on ? AUBREY I be go to tell you something and you be not go to repeat it . and so it spread ... int . nice house - edina , minnesota emhoff and Booth . emhoff read a non-disclosure agreement . emhoff you want to buy my antibody ? booth we want to have a antiserum on hand for private use . the scientist we be work with believe they can generate small quantity in they lab . emhoff you want to pay I a million dollar for my blood ? booth there be other survivor , Mr. emhoff , but because of the publicity around you wife it be easy to find you . emhofp and who would get it ? booth it would be keep for my client 's private use . the contract state that it would not be for commercial gain or manufacture - ~ not a vaccine mind you , a antiserum . it would be a very limited quantity . emhoff think about it . contagion 1/14/10 . 78 . emhoff May I ask who you client be ? booth I be sorry , that 's confidential . we be offer you a million dollar for two pint of blood . we - sispect other will explore this avenue . and that at some point the court will become involved . this offer be only good for today . there 's a register nurse in the car outside with the necessary equipment . angle on the car in the backseat sit the registered nurse in question . emhoff ( off he daughter in the next room ) however many dose you be go to make , could you make one more ? booth I be sorry , but that would raise issue of indemnification and other sort of exposure . you win the genetic lottery Mr. emhoff - - we nre here to help you cash in you ticket . if you do not want to , we ’1ll find another winner . emhoff weigh he option , ext . nice house - edina , minnesota Booth get into the car and drive away . no deal . booth who 's next ? the nurse look at a list . rn 1121 will place . contagion 1/14/10 79 . int . lab - university of san francisco - night time lapse : we see the virus replicate over and over again in cell on a monitor . it 's exponential charge across the slide be consume . . Sussman replay the image over and over again . a group of he cohort share a glass of champagne . sussman to cancerous pig cell . angle on cdc room hextall , eisenberg , cheever , haggerty and other -- see the same image . a small victory . krumwiede ( 0.s. ) first they have to figure out how to grow it . who conference room so do Leopold and he counterpart . krumwiede ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's be three week now -- but they 'il figure it out eventually . a conference room in FRANCE so do scientist at aventis . a large logo on they wall . krumwiede ( 0.s ( cont 'd ) and then everyone will start grow it . conference room in NYC / london /moscow every drug company in the world strobe by -- all look at the same image . krumwiede ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) then the race be on . they ' 1l be grow it in every lab on earth . and that 's a bad day to be a rhesus macaque monkey . contagion 1/14/10 80 . ext . morgan island , off south CAROLINA — day we see a rhesus monkey coax into a cage . and carry away . krumwiede ( 0.5 . ) they be endangered in India — - ~- already . and this will probably 's finish they off . he be load on a truck with other monkey . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) the US have a Island off of South Carolina where we raise they for just this kind of thing . int , brokerage - SF - day krunwiede sit wear a N - 95 mask speak to a broker . most of the office be empty . krumwiede the rhesus be in space before we , and it will get the vaccine before we . morgan stanley and how long will that take ? krumwiede hard to say . month . the fda will fast track it . but , there 's always a chance the virus could mutate - ~ tomorrow or the next day and then we ’rxe start all over . mcrgan stanley all the pharma stock be already through the roof . be you suggest we invest in monkey ? he chuckle ... krumwiede be offended . krumwiede you be familiar with forsythia ? morgan stanley can not say that T be . be that a medicine ? . krumwiede it 's a herb -- the chinese have use it for year . ( more ) contagion 1/14/10 81 . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) I have various source in the medical community both here and abroad so what I be about to tell you be back up by test that will be out shortly in peer review journal . there be two manufacturer of forsythi to invest in both of they . '' ~ T want he hand Morgan stanley a slip of paper . morgan stanley what do forsythia do ? krumwiede it 's the cure . and a cure be a lot more useful than vaccine if you be already sick . ext . peace park - minnesota - evening a trench be be dig by a back hoe . adjacent to it be another trench line with the dead . worker from the state health department wear protective gear and keep track of the body and where they have be laid . quantity begin to trump compassion now . swanson appear with some plastic flowers . he see mear 's body in the mass grave . it be cover with blue plastic sheeting -- it flap in the wind . he put in the flower . swanscn when do we run out of body bag ? morgue worker last week . try to get some from Canada . be over at the crematorium this morning -- it 's all back up . worker be afraid to come in . average day maybe a hundred people die -- we nre expect twice that today . Ground be freeze . a earth mover begin to fill in the trench . int . HOTEL conference room -— day orantes walk in . her counterpart be have a very animated conversation in chinese . picture of bai , irina , khalifa and marunouchi man be still on the wall . contagion 1/14/10 82. orantes what be it ? what do we know ? chinese counterpart the american woman use a ATM at the Golden Dragon ... Bank of America just confirm with she statefient . the CIA have share this with we . orantes . be she there the same night as khalifa and irina ? chinese counterpart yes . bai be work as well . orantes put emhoff 's picture on the wall . orantes I want to see the casino security footage . ext . minnesota / wisconsin border - night a bridge over the St. croix River be patrol by the national guard on both side . Cars be back up in both direction from checkpoint . searchlight sweep the bare tree on . both side of the river -- they find people head east . emhoffrs car at the checkpoint jory sit in the backseat . a guardsman in protective gear stop the car by some cone . he use a megaphone . keeps he distance . guardsman there be no crossing to Wisconsin at this time by order of the governor of Wisconsin . a order of quarantine have be issue in accordance with the state of emergency ... emhoff roll down the window . emhoff nyell back ) i want to get my daughter out . we be not sick . contagion 1/14/10 83. but , the guardsman can not hear he above the honk and rotor wash of a blackhawk helo . emhoff get out of the car . emhoff ( cont 'd ) guardsman I already have it . get back in you car , Sir . keep fifteen foot away . emhoff ( cont ‘d ) ~ I have it already . I want to get she out of here -- there 's no nurse . we hear there 's more food there , and medical care . we have family in madison . guardsman get back in that car , sir and turn it around . or we will arrest you . emhoff and take I where ? where will you put all of we ? down on the river a jet ski be make a run for the Wisconsin side of the river ' in the cold water . two figure on the jet ski ... one fall off and the jet ski double back . guardsman on the Wisconsin side pour into the tree with flashlight and weapon . emhoff get back in the car . join the traffic head back to minneapolis . int , tv studio - SF - morning krumwiede sit there check he iphone madly . a cameraman stand 25 foot away . cameraman anything you can tell I off the record ? krumwiede you should buy some forsythia . enough for you and everyone you love . ext . cdc - simultaneously - day cheever sit , mic- up with anderson cooper on a make shift set outside the cdcc . contagion 1/14/10 4. cocper there be stories.on the internet that in India and elsewhere ribavirin have be show to be effective in the treatment of the virus -- but homeland Security . have ask the cdc not tc make . any 's announcement until stockpile of the drug can be secure . cheever there be ongoing evaluation of a number of drug -- ribavirin be one of they . so far we best . defense be social distance . cooper and do we have enough ribavirin for everyone in America ? cheever right now there be ten million dose . but , we do not want to send people out search for something that may not be effective ... cooper if there be 200 million of we -- who get it ? cheever | we be currently in the process of prioritize - ~ start with first responder , health care provider and other official . cooper we no like to bring Alan krumwiede into the debate ... Alan be a freelance journalist who be one of the first to track the story of the marunouchi man video . int . tv studio ~ SF / CNN set at cdc - intercut krumwiede listen through a ear piece . contagion 1/14/10 '' 85 . cooper { 0.s . ) on twitter this morning , you state the truth about the virus have ' be keep from the world by the who and cbc to allow for the '' friend of the current administration to - benefit from it both financially and physically . '' krumwiede this be the result of government be involved in health care . there be therapy that we know be effective right now -- like forsythia - - and they do not even appear on the cdc website . because the friend of the administration do not control forsythia . cooper you also say that the World Health Organization be in bed with the pharmaceutical company . krumwiede because they be . that 's who stand to gain from this . cheever : i the cdc have explore forsythia and other alleged homeopathic treatment , there 's just no science to back up this claim . we be ruling nothing out -- people be sick and die and we be do everything we can to stop it . krumwiede Dr. cheever be be a bit disingenuous here . cheever the who and the chinese be work very hard to figure out where this virus come from and once we know that it will be much easier to treat it . to get sick you need to come in contact with a sick person or something they touch -- to get scared all you need to do be come in contact with a rumor or a tv or the internet . Mr. krumwiede be spread misinformation even faster than the virus . contagion 1/14/10 86 . krumwiede . seethes . krumwiede really . that 's funny . because if you look.on twitter there be a communique attribute the dr, _ .- cheever by Elizabeth nygaard ~ aébout the quarantine of Chicago . hour before it be announce to the public . so , that 's why i say he be disingenuous when he talk about equal care for all . cooper this be some pretty wild allegation here -- can you tell we what information appear on twitter and when ? what be you relationship to Elizabeth nygaard ? cheever be stunne . cheever I be not aware of anything attribute to I - krumwiede it 's pretty clear that homeland Security and cdc and Health and human service and fema and the Army have they own agenda here . this thing , they go two , four , eight , sixteen and you think you have get it in front of you -- but then it 's 256 and then it 's 65,000 and it 's behind you and above you and all around you . and that 's where it be now . whoever let the genie out of the bottle be not gonna put it back in ... they can not now . int . boot pharmacy —- london — evening a long line of people reach . out the door and down the street . a boot employee count the people in line . booots .+.- forty eight , forty nine , fifty . Beyond the fifty people be at least another two hundre folk . someone in the back of the pack begin to cough . contagion 1/14/10 87 . line stander cover you mouth , brother . cougher eh , fuck off . boot - we will only be able to give out fifty course today -- that 's we forsythia allotment ... the crowd react . there 's push . line stander with dread you be keep they , be not you ? driving up the price ? it 's get ugly . a tough and he girl push toward the front . the tough 's girl ( sotto to boot employee - - offer money ) we have a little one at home . cougher we all . have little one and money --— park it back , : bitch . and with that a melee ensue . store display be turn over . people make mad grab for the herb . some climb over the counter . the pharmacist clutches the packet and try to lock the door . the crowd ransack the shelf . int . cdc bsl level 4 lab - day a row of cage fill with rhesus monkey . worker in heavy protective gear survey .. each cage be numbered with the corresponding vaccine . Trial and error . the confuse monkey face stare into the camera . they be we astronaut again . two monkey be not move -- they be remove . flashback - int . golden dragon casino -— macau tt 's the night in question . Beth emhoff stand with she co - worker near a fish - prawn - crab table . contagion 1/14/10 88 . a traditional chinese dice game . the marunouchi man gather up the dice and throw they . people laugh . beth - I do not understand this game at all , her host laugh . chinese host it 's Fish prawn crab . beth I want to try . she maneuver through the crowd toward the marunouchi man . he gather up the dice for another throw . rub they together . he say something in japanese and hold the dice out toward Beth . beth ( cont ’d ) what ? she move closer . the image change - the picture goe black and white it 's the security image on a cctv . Beth emhoff lean into the frame and blows on the dice . the marunouchi man rub the dice in he hand and toss they across the table . it rewind and play again . breath . transmission . int . HOTEL conference room - present orantes be watch the image on a monitor . stack of dvd 's surround she , other chinese official watch other monitor , she cross to she chinese counterpart . orantes . it do not come from Thailand . she hand the dise to he . chinese counterpart maybe it come from America . contagion 1/14/10 89 , orantes she be in Hong Kong five day before that . it 's here . it come from here . ext . lake minnetonka - minnesota ~ day emhoff and jory pick away at the ice -- four inch thick . scatter across the freeze lake , other group be gather around expose hole and in small shack . Ice fishing . they break through to open water . jory put a kernel of can corn on a hook and drop it into the water . a new woman appear and begin to struggle with a hatchet on the ice . jory watch she . a small celebration break out at another hole -- a fish have be catch . emhoff oshout toward the celebration ) what be you use for bait ? nothing back . emhoff ( cont 'd ) what be you use over there ? they talk amongst themselves . fisherman ( shouting back ) we need milk ? you. have any milk ? the hatchet woman pause . shout . hatchet woman cow be die -~ I see they by St. cloud . people be afraid . no milk . we nre eat the dog 's food ... her voice break . jory ( sotto ) dad . ~- emhoff what ? he study the woman for a moment -- fail at the ice . contagion 1/14/10 90 . jory help she . emhoff walk toward the woman . emhoff you ok ? she drop to she knee . hatchet . woman we pilot light go out and I can not figure out how to start it again . there 's gas in the house . emhoff where do you live ? hatchet woman orono . emeoff maybe I can help . she look at he mistrustfully . emhoff ( cont 'd ) my daughter and I - - we nre fine . int . cheever 's apartment - late night aubrey sit in the live room . tension in the air . cheever cock some rice and bean in the kitchen . AUBREY I tell she not to say anything Ellis , I do . I have trust she my entire life . I have tell she a thousand thing she never repeat . cheever we be messy little animal . we lick we finger and turn the page . we rub cur eye and eat the peanut out of the communal bowl , we spread everything around . I do . you do . we can not keep anything to ourselves . we spit , we secret . AUBREY I be try to explain - contagion 1/14/10 91 . cheever you have to admire the virus -- it climb inside a cell and change it . we can not even do that ourselves . we be just six billion rough draft . we be the most dangerous thing that ever happen to each other . AUBREY she 's like my sister , I be the god mother to that little girl . cheever a hundred people be kill in shooting in Chicago . AUBREY and maybe a hundred people we know be not there to die . cheever I ask you not to say anything . AUBREY you think other people be not give they love one information first ? you think it 's a level play field ? if a boat be sink who would you put on the life raft , Ellis ? we , we family and friend or stranger ? it 's survival of the fittest -- and be fit have a lot to do with who 's on you speed dial . ext . university of san francisco - day a man in a full protective suit sit on a bench alone . we can see through he mask that it 's krumwiede . he wait for a lab door to open . dr . sussman surrouride by national guardsman as security . they walk toward a black suv . he 's precious cargo . krumwiede the monkey will take too long . Sussman keep walk . contagion 1/14/10 92 . Sussman pause . tire and angry , he turn . sussman go home , Alan . and lie to people about mutation and herb . go home . krumwiede I have sick friend . sussman we all do . krumwiede let I go first , Dr. Sussman . people trust I . sussman go home , Alan . tell people to wash they hand and to cover they mouth when they cough . krumwiede I feel very hot today . Three day ago I go to a rally . sussman you be hot because you be wear that suit . Sussman get in the car . int . hatchet woman' house - orono , minnesota - day emhoff , jory and the hatchet woman enter the house . it be cold and dark . hatchet woman I try to light it but I be afraid there be gas in the house . and nobody would come and help I . it ' 1l be Christmas in a few day and nobedy care . there 's a tree in the next room -- a couple stocking hang over the fireplace . jory clock they . pause . emhoff get down on the ground with a book of match . he hear a groan from another room follow by a cough . groan ( 0.s. ) Rebecca ? be that you ? contagion 1/14/10 93. emhoff sit up quickly . emhoff I think you say you be alone ? groan ( 0.8 . ) _ Rebecca ?? sere jory emhoff dad - jory get out of here -- do not touch anything . hatchet woman he 's die and I be go to die too . I have a fever . jory scramble toward the door -- she scarf over she face . hatchet woman grab at emhoff . hatchet woman ( cont 'd ) feel my head . nobody answer when you call 911 . the car be almost out of gas . emhoff£ look out the window . jory be safely outside . he put he hand on the woman 's head . she shudder at human contact . emhofp I can not really tell . do you have a thermometer ? hatchet woman nod and go to the drawer to find it . emhoff get back to the pilot light . hatchet woman why be not you afraid like everyone else ? he wonder if it 's safe to admit he immunity . he decide against it . emhofp I '' just not . int . who geneva / cdc / white house bunker / beijing and other place - night Leopold hold court over the group . a screen full of monitor . contagion 1/14/10 94 . leopold before we start , I just want to mention that we have be have infrastructure problem with we communication system and we may lose some of you during today briefing --~ please bear with '' also , the portuguese translator be in isolation . Dr. haggerty ? haggerty , cheever and hextall . haggerty thank ' you , director lecpold .. we be no longer tracking case number as we be discouraging people who be symptomatic from contact medical provider . in short , we need to keep the hospital open for the people we can help - — english official this be not we policy . we continue to treat : everyone . chinese official to what end ? : english official | to the end that it decrease panic '' for people to know that doctor will see they . because it 's humane . haggerty we respectfully disagree . montage ~ intercut visual of the world -~ massive migration of population in africa cheever we model show we should anticipate one - in-fifteen people on the planet will contract macau encephalitis virus or meve - 1 . Higher in urban area . the mortality rate fluctuate between 19 and 26 percent depend on underlying medical condition and other socioeconomic issue - -— nutrition and fresh water . contagion 1/14/10 95 . looting in sao paclo african representative it be near 30 percent here . we be burn body . we have limited essential service . ee leopold the Cambridge Study suggest that we can anticipate anything over a five percent infection rate and ten percent mortality will cause major social breakdown . ten percent be the tipping point . and this be how it look in the world ... martial law in tehran argentinian representative it will be more pervasive in the Southern hemisphere in the come month . we be see hoard , : peopie head to isolate area . empty street in time square cheever that 's better than have they in bus and train . swedish official we be continue to experiment with other drug -- sedative , anticonvulsive . they might buy time . cheever there be some report of induce a coma and ventilate victim . hard to tell if the result be better than placebo . african representative and what if you do not have 100 million ventilator ? contagion 1/14/10 96 . food drop outside of london russian official do any of you think we be prepare to share before take care of we own ? leopcld we should be govern by need , not self - interest . a hunter take down a deer outside of moscow russian official and we should only sleep with we wife and return the wallet that we find on the street -- but we be not se perfect . leopold | we have ask the UN to plan manufacturing and distribution of a : virus once it be available . | i 1 the nyse / mosque / mall of america / hyde park / ST . MARK ‘s | square / shedd aquarium - all close and empty bextall . there be rumor in the scientific comminity that the Russians be testing vaccine on prisoner -- it be unethical and brutal . chinese official and what should we test on ? we be out of monkey . we be not try to save laboratory mouse - -~ we be try to save people . monkey in cage at cdc - another dead one be removed russian official and do the US not test anthrax vaccine on its Army ? be that not unethical ? US official I think that 's different . we be try to protect we military . contagion 1/14/10 97 . iranian official . and if you be safe from anthrax be the rest of we safe from you ? US official I do not see how this be productive . we have be a leader in sha : we resource with the entire world . shepard fairey poster of krumwiede plaster across the capitol build in DC underneath he image they say -- '' prophet or profit ? '' leopold I think we need to remain focuss on containment and buy time for the science . hextall and the share of responsible science . french official indian representative you can not rely on the free we would still like to begin market to motivate people and discussion of reparation then complain that with the chinese . competition cause someone to lose . japanese official as would we . the picture start clipping -- satellite problem . some country break off . . US official we would like to continue a conversation with g10 country off - line about freezing market . the picture clip some more . Leopold be go . haggerty I think we lose they . indian representative India be still here ... spanish representative so be Spain . contagion 1/14/10 9 chinese official if the index patient be a american Business woman or arab nationai - - er a japanese Tourist , how be we to blame ? who do you sue for a earthquake ? flashback -— int . golden dragon casino - night Beth demur a drink and leave the Fish - prawn - crab table . beth whew ... I need to use the loo . anybody know where it be ? one of she chinese host point across the casino . Beth off . she ts a little sweaty and clammy . as she walk sh check she purse and take out a digital camera . she take picture of the flash light . int . HOTEL conference room - hong kong - morning it 's early and orantes be still pour over cctv footage from the casino . angle on beth on a monttor she enter the lady 's room and stand at the sink . she stare at herself in the mirror for a moment . and dab hi finger in a pot of lip gloss . as she. do , irina emerge from the stall behind she ... the two woman stand next to each other at the sink . irin search she purse for something . irina shit , T leave mine in the room . Beth offer hers . beth not sure if it 's you shade . they share the lip gloss . freeze frame on the monitor orantes lean back . the moment of infection . she look at the flow chart of transmission . 8 . set e sa er a up contagion 1/14/10 99 . orantes emhoff give it to the model . the model give it to khalifa . it be not a weapon . I read the work report . bai clean that bathroom a hour later when he shift start . : he be likely expose . oe chinese counterpart they say the french and Americans have a cure . they be manufacturing it in secret . who know , but they be in bed with the Americans . orantes who say ? chinese counterpart blogger on the internet . orantes you do not believe that , do you ? chinese counterpart shrug . he nod . he nod . the phone . orantes ( cont 'd ) how be you mother ? chinese counterpart we try forsythia . but , she do not . make 'it . there 's a mass grave on lantau . orantes I be sorry . orantes ( cont 'd ) I '' go to go out for a run . we need to know where emhoff be before the casino . orantes leave . . the chinese counterpart pick up he look out the window . someone answer on the other line . chinese counterpart yes , now . I x11 want to be include . contagion 1/14/10 100 . ext . hong kong - morning orantes go for a run . she wear a mask and glove . it 's a erisp morning in Hong Kong . not much traffic . the city be primarily shut down . a few high end sedan . a few military vehicle . everyone wear a mask . some of the afflicted be huddle together around trash can fire . bundle of food be leave for they . orantes steer clear of they . orantes turn a corner and a van do the same . it slow to Match she pace . she speed up . so do the van . she turn a corner . the van do , too . the window roll down . driver Dr. orantes , you be need back at the hotel . there 's a call from geneva . orantes who be you ? driver the ministry send I . we be target in the official vehicle ~ - sorry to frighten you . get in . orantes how do you know . where to find I ? driver many of we be look . she remain suspicious . orantes I 'o run back now . she turn and start back toward the hotel . she be just a few foot away when the back of the van open . three armed men in balaclavas get out and give chase . orantes run . but , they be on she and force she to the ground . her mask get sideways in the fall . she turn she face away from her attacker dodging they breath and sweat . hand and face and germ . she turn she face to the pavement and curl in a-ball . they pick she up and drag she away . contagion 1/14/10 101 . int . van - continuous orantes be throw in the back . she be cuffed to the frame of the compartment . the cuff scratch she wrist open up a small wound . she see a new point of entry on she body open to a world full of danger . driver you be the news in geneva , Dr. orantes . int . nice house - edina , minnesota jory sit by the window and texts message to somebody somewhere . a blanket of bright white snow stretch invitingly . merry christmas :~-( and she type back . pan across the snow and then up to a window a few house down ... through a window and into a teenage boy 's room . he lay on he bed think what boy think about . his phone read : I want to go outside and jump in the snow he type back . she read . I want to jump on you a little smile . across the street another family be gather up the fresh snow in water jugs and pail . emhoff enter the live room — — put on he warmest clothes . emhoff they be do a drop at the park . I be gonna go help . jory I see on the news that they be get closer to a vaccine . contagion 1/14/10 102. emhoff saw that , too . then they just need to make about 6 billion dose . she hand he a piece of paper fold up . jory merry Christmas . he unfold it . a picture of the new iphone .. he be confuse . jory ( cont 'd ) they be not sure when delivery be gonna be back to normal . so for now you can just look at the picture . emhofp shoot , I should have do that . I be sorry , jory . just stay inside . i’1ll let you beat I at rock Band when I get back then I will take you to Mom 's . he walk outside . a straggle of neighbor keep they distance all walk the same direction toward a pre- arrange locale . she watch he leave . then return to she texting . she send : snow angel ? she begin to put on she parka and snow boot . int . cdc bsl - ~4 lab - monkey room - day cage line the wall . ' some more have die since the last time we have see they . most be empty now . tracking down the cage some lab tech in full space suit take a sample from another dead rhesus - - number 23 . they put the animal in a trash bag . further down , another bench scientist examine monkey 57 . still alive . resistant in some way . he push a intercom button on the wall . i ' ! | contagion 1/14/10 103. bench scientist fifty-seven . symptom free for 72 hour . ext , bryant park ~ minnesota a military plane fly over the snow cover park and dump out pallet with parachute . they crash to the ground and they foil cover content scatter around . a fema man stands with a megaphone try to bring order to the food dispersal . fema man please observe social distance policy when retrieve you mre . one at a time . but , this be not go to work . too many people . some have shopping cart and other have wheel barrel . a snowmobile appear out of nowhere . . they race for the food like they be dollar bill . a man have fill a shopping cart and be try to push it through the snow . a man with a baseball bat cut he down at the knee -- right in front of emhoff . emhoff hey . other people descend on the shopping cart . a fight break out . baseball bat menace a older man . old man you do not want I to breathe on you , bud . the older man reach into the cart . baseball bat bullshit . Drop it . the Old man look up and spit at he . Baseball bat recoil and rear up with the bat . emhoff step in . he stop the downstroke of the bat . contagion 1/14/10 104 . emhoff let it go . the Old man glare at emhoff as well . old man _ you stay away too , hero . you do not want what I have get . emhoff wipe the spit off of Baseball bat . he put a couple of mre in a shopping bag and troops off . int . cdc - cheever 's office / hextall 's office - day both on the phone . hextall nothing conclusive today . cheever not much of a merry Christmas . hextall I be a atheist . cheever Science can do that to you . hextall what nre you gonna tell the administration today ? cheever I be go the tell they that we can not protect people from mad in airplane , or greedy man in bank or very small organism that move from one species to another . then I 'l ) tell they we be work on it . we be closer with every failure . thing like that . and then they ' 1ll ask I '' when ? '' hextall if we have it right now , we have still need to do human trial . we would have to figure out manufacturing and distribution , we have have to figure out who get it first -- the young , the military , people at risk ... Roger the janitor linger down the hallway . cheever get up and close the door . contagion 1/14/10 '' 105 . cheever homeland Security want to know if we can put it in the water like fluoride . — angle on hextall oe hextall look at a vial on she desk . vaccine # 57 . hextall in 1982 there be a Australian doctor who prove that stomach ulcer be cause by bacteria not stress . you know how ? cheever ( 0.s. ) nope . she take out a syringe . hextall drank a bunch of water with the bug in it and get sick . won a Nobel Prize . change the way we treat ulcer . Barry Marshall . cheever do we have anything even close ? hextall t’'1ll ask the monkey and get back to you . she inject herself with vaccine . ' ext . minnehaha creek - minnesota — simultaneously jory lie on she back in the snow make a angel . she wear she protective mask -- the same cargo . plane fly over she . a shadow pass over her the teenage boy appear . he also wear a mask . jory do not step on my angel . her eye smile . his smile back . he lie down on top of she . they breath make soft cloud . the watch it dissipate in the cold air between they . contagion 1/14/10 106 . he start to lower he mask . she turn she head . hold she breath . teenage boy I be fine , jory . if. neither of we have it , then we can not give . it to each other . instead , she unzip she jacket . he roll over and do the same . krumwiede ( o.s8 . ) ( prelap ) '' alas ! we ship enter . the port , but of a.thousand sailor hardly ten be spare , we reach we homes« we kindre and we neighbor come from all part to visit we ... she climb . on top cf he -- cheek to cheek . tentative . krumwiede ( 0.s : ) ( cont 'd ) .+. woe to we for we cast at they the dart of death ! whilst we speak to they , whilst they embrace we and kiss we , we scattered the poison from we lip ... int . krumwiede 's apartment - evening he sit by himself in front of he web camera . sweating . reading aloud fron a old tatter book . krumwiede .-- they in turn soon infect they whole family , who in three day succumb , and be pury in one common grave . Priests and doctor visit the sick return from they duty ill , and soon be numbered with the dead , oh death ! cruel , bitter , impious . death ! which thus break the bond of affection and divide father and mother , brother and sister , son and wife . lament we misery , we fear toa fly , yet we dare not remain . '' gabriele de ' mussi , 1348 , genoa , Italy . the black plague . here it come again . : he put a thermometer to he ear . contagion 1/14/10 107 . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) most of we will live . we immune system will tell the story to we child 's immune system . most of US ... the thermometer beep . krumwiede ( cont ’d ) my temperature be 101 - - higher than it be earlier . my head hurt and my throat feel like it 's close . he take some forsythia tincture and drop it into water . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) this . be forsythia . I have be take it since the onset of symptom . he swallow the water . krumwiede ( cont ’d ) if you see I here tomorrow -- you will know if it work . int . cheever' apartment — night cheever come run in -- the place have be ransacke . the door be shattered . cupboard be emptied . drawer be throw around . aubrey be sobbing . curle in a corner on the floor . AUBREY they know where you work . they wait for you to leave . he gather she up in he arm . AUBREY ( cont ’d} they take the food and the water bottle . they go through the medicine chest . they ask where the cure be . cheever the cure for what ? he carry she into the bedroom . AUBREY it 's because they see you on the news and they hear about what happen , be not it ? contagion 1/14/10 108. cheever it 's not you fault , aub . it 's all break down . there be study that say it will fall apart now for awhile . AUBREY I try to stop they . I do . ' they throw I down . he put she down on the bed -- step back . think . cheever they throw you down ? I think you say they do not touch you ? do they look sick ? a shadow of doubt cross cheever . AUBREY they have mask on , Ellis . I clean everything after they leave . you can smeil the ammonia . he look around . AUBREY ( cont 'd ) you have to trust I , Ellis . he sit down next to she . embarrass by he own paranoia . cheever I trust you , aub . I do . AUBREY ( sotto ) do you ? but , do he ? she move to kiss he -- nuzzle he . mingling breath . he be uncertain at first and then give in to it . they kiss . int . statrwell ~ evening the driver who kidnap orantes take she down a wind staircase at a pace . she be hood and stumble to keep up . driver down , step , down , step ... orantes I can not help you . contagion 1/14/10 109 . driver we will trade you for a hundred dose . orantes trade there be no cure . you can ! I . there be no dose . they arrive at the bottom of the stair . breathless . driver yes , there be medicine . but , they will not share it . it stay in Beijing . ' or Washington . or London . they : watch we die from satellite while they give it to each other . he remove she hood . - driver ( cont 'd ) you be the cure . you be a mirror , he open a door and push she inside . int . dimly lit room - continuous orantes 's eye adjust to the light . she see ... a hundre kide a few adult as well . crowd into a room . scare and hungry . orantes shrink from they . terrify . orantes be they sick ? the driver say something in cantonese to the group . she do not understand . panic come at she . orantes ( cont 'd ) you can not leave I in here . he move to the door . driver we need to save electricity . he kill the light . dip to black contagion ~ 1/14/10 110 . super : 4 month later megaphone ( 9.s. ) you will need identification that confirm you number be one . for today . fade in : ext . armory - minneapclis a cool spring day . people stand in line . think of it like a polling place . the people . keep they distance from each other . Signs on the wall remind they : six feet be safe other sign tell people how to cough and not to shake hand . a new social order have take hold in signage and custom . one sign display a crest with a eagle holding a syringe against a US flag . megaphone if you have a fever -- you will not be give a vaccination . if you have receive the vaccine , make certain that you be stamp on the leave wrist . track down the line toward the front . national guardsman keep it orderly . at the front of the line - now . a middle aged man go into a curtain cubicle . one of ten . Inside he find ... emhoff dress in nurse 's attire . he administer the vaccine . middle aged man you be not one of the one that go on strike be you ? emhoff no , just get train in the last couple of month . a.program for the immune . contagion 1/14/10 111 . middle aged man you have it ? emhoff yeah , I have it . head back . the man tilt he head back and emhoff . spray two burst up the man 's nose . pone middle aged man that 's it ? emhoff stamp he wrist with the eagle / syringe crest like a doorman at a bar -- the stamp work once and be discard . emhoff yeah , that 's it . middle aged man seem so easy . ext . lantau island , china - day a group of building at the foot of the tian Tan buddha . the driver who abduct orantes come down the step of a monastery building . he carry a sidearm . he go down the staircase to the locked room . inside the same 100 child and orantes . she feed they . they teach she word of cantonese . she repeat after they and laugh -- then she teach they the same word in English . her other abductor also tend to the kid . everyone be healthy . isolate . the driver come over and kneel next to she . driver they accept the term . she smile - ~ squeezé he hand . a look pass between they . ext . krumwiede ‘s apartment - day krumwiede stand at the window with a microphone and a amp . a shepard fairey poster on the adjacent window . contagion 1/14/10 112. a few people gather around on the street below . disciple . among they a middle aged woman who take note . krumwiede today the government will begin poisoning the people . in 1976 , we vaccinate against swine flu - and five hundred people get guillain - barré syndrome . twenty five people die . I have the virus -- I get through it . I take forsythia and I stay away from other . what else be go up you nose when they tell you they be keep you healthy ? a police car pull up . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) police this be my first amendment you be in violation of virus rights . freedom of assembly . libel code . please cease and they be throw the desist or you will be charge constitution away . and arrest . krumwiede ( cont 'd ) and take where ? what be you do for prison guard ? who 's gonna try I ? where you gonna get a jury ? the police disperse the crowd . krumwiede scatter the leaflet in the wind -- shut the window . int . cdc - cheever ‘s office - day haggerty make the round with two armed guard . he have with he a cart fill with dose of mev-1 vaccine . haggerty two for Dr. Ellis cheever and wife . cheever take the dose . haggerty ( cont 's D} congrat on the marriage . cheever we will have a ceremony and party in a couple of month , once there 's something resembling normal go on . contagion 1/14/10 113. haggerty you want I to give you yours now ? cheever Nah , she will want we to do it together , I think she have champagne . haggerty hold up he stamp ' left wrist . haggerty see you at the airport ? cheever lawyer say I should stay out of sight for now . bad idea to be part of the victory dance . haggerty screw ‘em . it 's all politics , Ellis . Patriot Act will not apply here . not to you take care of you fiancée . come on . the President 's 1l pardon you --- if it i ever go that far . cheever : I all watch you on tv . '' he leave the box of vaccine with cheever . ext . golden gate park - day krumwiede sit on a bench with the middle aged woman from outside he house . she be dress conservatively . he sip water from a nalgene bottle . middle aged woman we have be follow what you have be say for some time now . you be in a unique position go forward -- something bigger than forsythia . krumwiede I have be harass and threaten . I have lose a family member . my mother . and they have accuse I of fraud -- just because forsythia make I some money . contagion 1/14/10 114. middle aged woman do you think you would be willing to help we ? to reframe thing . use what have happen as a catalyst for change . krumwiede after the Spanish flu in 1918 , you know , people get rich . vick vaporub , lysol. people . look it up ... a country slaughter all the chicken -- red meat go into higher demand . then a news story come out and the price plummet . I be a man step up to a microphone in front of a very large crowd . that 's who I be . you want to talk ? money talk . krumwiede lock on a man in the distance . the man be with the park department . he have he finger in he ear -- maybe conceal a hearing device . krumwiede ( cont ’d ) be he with you ? be you wear a wire ? middle . aged woman what ? who ? no . you be immune anyway be not you ? > krumwiede get up and leave -- walk briskly . head on . a swivel , the park department man lay down he rake and begin to follow . krumwiede look back at . the middle aged woman . she reach into she bag and get out a badge . krumwiede begin to run across the park . various park department men drop they rake and converge . Alan be not much of a athlete . they quickly converge on he . krumwiede . for what ? tell I for what ? the middle aged woman arrive . middle aged woman on you stomach , Alan . do not attempt to cough or spit at any FBI personnel . krumwiede this be entrapment . contagion 1/14/10 115 . middle aged woman you never even have it . you lie . it 's a scam . . krumwiede forsythia help a lot of people -- the administration be in hed - with Big pharma . middle aged woman forsythia help you and a couple of other investor . krumwiede I have it ... I have it ... middle aged woman we will see , Alan . krumwliede you can not look at my blood . you can not . the agent , in mask and glove , twist tie he wrist and hood he . they take he away . ext . kowloon lady 's market - day orantes stand with a gun to her head . it be hold by the driver . fifty yard away be chinese authorities . some be armed . in the middle of they be leopold . he watch orantes hopefully . two hooded chinese national pick up the box of vaccine and bring it toward the van . driver be it french or american ? chinese official we could not get enough dose from the french . we be make it here now . same formula . driver then we will not release she . the hooded national stand next to orantes and the driver . they rip into the box to explore the content . contagion 1/14/10 116 . leopold we have share the vaccine with the chinese government -- it be be manufacture in Beijing . please , let Dr. orantes go . the driver rip open a packet . he tilt orantes 's head back and spray the vaccine up she nose . chinese official and now , what ? we stand here for day and see if she get sick ? orantes ( sotto ) it 's the best we can hope for . the Driver weigh he option . on a signal the national grab the box and head toward the van .. the Driver drag orantes back toward the van with he . leopold wait ... driver nobody come closer . they be back at the van now . box load . one of the hooded national behind the wheel -- engine revving , the driver pull orantes to the rear of the van . Hidden from sight . the Van peel out . leave ... orantes : stand in the street . Hand -cuff go . free. Leopold rush toward she . he embrace she . leopold be you ok ? orantes what could be safer than be a hostage ? ext . freeway , atlanta - day cheever sit alone in the back seat of a town car . Music play on the radio . contagion 1/14/10 117 . driver ( 0.s. ) you want to hear the news instead ? cheever up to you . driver ( 0.s. ) = anything you think I need to know ? the Driver have more question than a kid on Christmas , but he know not to ask . cheever I be sure you have hear it all before . driver I see a thing on the internet that say it be not random assignment . that people be forging and sell and that there 's politics in it . you think that 's true , Doctor cheever ? cheever I do not know . I try not to go online anymore . driver I get number 59 . they say that should be fine . you think that ? you think that will be fine ? cheever sound like a good number to I . good odd . driver I hear that . you know , I hear one of you co- worker say that it would not even happen in the spring or summer . cheever maybe . it happen . it always happen . Nice out ... cheever put down the window . angle on the driver he be wear a N - 95 particulate respirator mask . a little soile and tatter . contagion 1/14/10 118 . driver you sure that 's ccol , Doc ? cheever turn leave up here , Lewis . driver Left . that 's not the way . cheever put a briefcase on the seat next to he . he unfold a slip of paper and hand it forward . the driver take it from he . he wear rubber glove . cheever , just turn up here . we have to make a stop . ext . summerhill , atlanta ~ moment later cheever 's car roll through the depressed neighborhood . what the economy do not board up and destroy the meve have shutter . pile of trash and poster direct people to -- avoid handshake and hug and wash there hand for thirty second . people look out they : window at the clean black car . it stop in front of a simple house . roger in he window cheever walk to the door with he briefcase . cheever you son here ? roger in he room . int . roger ‘s house ~ moment later cheever sit with Roger . roger , you do not have the stamp on you wrist . cheever ' il get mine later . there 's a dog and pony show at the airport . ( more } contagion 1/14/10 cheever ( cont 'd ) they be gonna start some flight again . everyone be busy . what 's you number ? roger 283 . they 's 1ll run out by then . they say maybe by next January they will have more . cheever nod grimly . roger ( cont 'd ) be we teally give some to the mexican ? cheever I be not sure who 's get it . he open up he briefcase . cheever ( cont ’d ) you want to go get he . roger how have you get it ? cheever I do not see the point in get into that . if I can get another one I will . Roger call to he son . roger Anthony ? the doctor be here . cheever get out a dose of vaccine . cheever we can not give he the stamp . they ' 11 check he number . but , he will be safe . roger yeah ... no worry . he 's stamp on the inside . Anthony ? Anthony enter with a book . cheever what be you read , Anthony ? he hold up the book -- lord of the fly . 119 . contagion . 1/14/10 120 . roger how many time you read that one ? ANTHONY ten I think . we be out of book . roger os Dr. cheever be here to make sure you do not get sick with meve . Anthony walk over and Roger hold he head back as cheever prepare the vaccine . ext . roger ‘s house - moment later Roger extend he hand toward cheever . roger thank you , Dr. cheever . cheever look at he hand . cheever you know where that come from ? roger | what ? cheever shake hand . it be a way of show a stranger that you be not carry a weapon . you offer you right hand to show it be empty . that you mean no harm . roger do not know that . cheever I wonder if the virus do . figure out the thing we do to make ourselves feel safe and see a chance to spread . roger maybe we be just not that safe around each other to begin with . cheever extend he hand -~ Roger take it . they shake . roger ( cont ’d ) good luck with everything , Doc . I know you have some trouble . contagion 1/14/10 121. int . nice house - edina , minnesota - day Close on a wrist lighting birthday candle on a homemade cake . the wrist have the insignia on it . Thomas emhoff . jory sit at the head of the table . emhoff hand she a fold up piece of paper ~ - as she do on christmas . a birthday present . emhoff I be not sure what the delivery date be -- or I can go and pick it up for you . oh , wait , let I get the camera . he run upstairs . she unfold the paper -- a bass guitar and amplifier be on it . dory ( yell up to he ) that 's amazing , dad . thank you ! thank you ! on emhoff he get Beth 's carry - on down from the closet . it 's be there since the beginning . he get she digital camera out of the bag . head back downstairs with the camera . emhoff what , do Alex get ? jory he 's a 11 . emroff that 's a good number . jory so , if he get he vaccine , then he can come over and watch a movie or something , right ? because if he 's immune than I can not get it from hin . emhoff smile at she as he raise the camera . emhoff smile , jory . make a wish . contagion 1/14/10 122. int , cheever' build ~ evening cheever run up a flight of stair and stop at the landing . he open he briefcase . take out the vaccine packet . he still have the stamp from the dose he administer to Anthony . he put the insignia on he own wrist be vaccinate . it appear he have AUBREY ( 0-.s. ) ( prelap ) I do not see you at the ceremony at the airport ... int . cheever' apartment - moment later cheever prepare the vaccine for aubrey . AUBREY I see haggerty and Dr. hextall . the President give she a medal . cheever '' I be out of the public eye until the hearing . AUBREY there be a story on the news about couple get marry to get better number . you be not gonna get in trouble for this if it do not work out , be you ? cheever what ? AUBREY we . my number be 199 without you . cheever kiss she . cheever just take care of the people in my life boat . she caress the insignia on he wrist . he administer she vaccine . iwo puff up she nose and it 's over . AUBREY someday they will figure out why only bad thing be contagious . he stamp the inside of she wrist . contagion 1/14/10 123. int . nice house - edina , minnesota - night jory hear a knock on the window . she go downstairs and turn on the light in the live room . angle on the window Alex -- the snow angel boy stand with a piece of paper press against the glass . it say : happy birthday jory mouth the word '' thank you . '' he turn over the paper and it say . 10 more day she walk up to the window . they kiss each other on the mouth with the glass in between they . angle on emhoff in he room . he look at the birthday picture on the camera . jory and the candle , jory eat the cake ... and then something else . 15 second of video on the memory stick . Beth stand in the kitchen of a gourmet restaurant in hong kong . next to she be the chef who be give she a tour of the restaurant 's kitchen ... beth ( tinny audio from camera ) ok , well in America we have refrigerator but here in Hong Kong everything be keep fresh by ... flashback - hong kong restaurant - night Beth be escort by the chef and she chinese host who translate for she . Beth narrate for the camera . beth and so we have duck cooking here and wait , he want to show I something . contagion 1/14/10 124. the chef take she by the arm and lead she back to a little room . we can not see what she see initially . we just see the chef bend down out of frame , beth ( cont 'd ) oh , my God , he 's so cute . what be he ? the chef rise into frame with a small pig in a cage . the chef say something in mandarin - - the word for pig . : Beth take the camera and get in closer with it . beth ( cont 'd ) so , that be we main course . and he taste as amazing as he look ... the pig sneeze and everyone giggle . beth ( cont 'd ) what be that ? a sneeze . God bless you ! the chef put the cage back down on the ground and the group go back to the dining room . Beth laugh , not . know that the bat / pig / human virus have just jump into she body . we stay with the pig . int . hong kong airport - day orantes and Leopold wait to board a flight . orantes it be the emhoff woman , be not it ? she be the index patient . not khalifa or the marunouchi man ? leopold I be not sure we will ever know . flashback - hong kong wet market - anoterer day the pig in a cage . stack among other cage -- bare the logo of a specific farmer . Al ] : manner of bird and beast . they be inspect by local and the restaurant trade . this be how protein find its way into human in much of the rest of the world . contagion 1/14/10 : 125. leopold ( 0.s. ) 6.2 billion flip of the coin -- eventually it 's go to land on its side . the chef haggle with a vendor over price . he do not feel well today and be not up to the struggle of bargain . he cough a couple of time and give in to the vendor be price , he purchase two pig and they be transfer to another cage and carte off . cough as they go ... human virus jump into pig . int . hong kong airport - continuous orantes and Leopold . orantes could we have do more to stop it ? Leopold shrug . flashback - pig farm - southern china ~ night the pig be pen together in a long corrugate structure with a large slide door emblazon with the same logo as the cage from the wet market . close on the door open by a small margin , but enough to allow in a large bat . followéd by another and another . a flurry of bat make they way into the long corrugate building and roost in the rafter . one bat swoops down and grab a apple core from a trough . it return to the rafter and gnaw on the apple core . the bat lose its grip on the core and it fall back down into the trough where a pig be wait to eat . bat. virus jump into pig . int . hong kong airport - continuous Leopold open he briefcase . leopold it evolve the way it do because we evolve the way we do . maybe it put pressure on we to be better . contagion 1/14/10 126 , Leopold give orantes another package of . vaccine . orantes what 's that ? leopold a the one you take be placebo orantes what ? leopold the chinese insisted -~ they do not capitulate with kidnapper . it be not up to we . they operation . orantes be stunne . leopold ( cont 'd ) ( off the real vaccine ) I take it a couple of day ago -- no side effect . orantes it be not for they . there be child . she wander away . leopold what child ? move faster now ~ - think of the child . leopold ( cont 'd ) what ? leonora , where be you go ? running now . flashback — malaystan jungle - day a tree fall under the attack of a chainsaw raise a mist of dirt and dust . elsewhere earth mover tear at the ground . a darge ground clear operation be in progress . local laborer toil in the heat of the jungle day . a truck pulis onto the site bare . a logo - ~ 3m . the same company that employ beth emhoff . a- white foreman get out . as another tree succumb to appetite , economics and gravity . contagion 1/14/10 127. close on the canopy a few flying fox -- a breed of large bat -- fly away from the onslaught of machinery ~- then more follow . they head off toward the relative safety of a group of corrugate building . a krumwiede ( 0.s. ) you want to blame I ? or the chinese ? what about the bat ? or the pig ? int . FBI interrogation room - day krumwiede and the middle aged woman . krumwiede . cuz ' we be all connect . we run out of room and now we be all squeezing into thé margin . we be where we have never be before . digging in cave . thawing the tundra . shake out whatever 's be hide in ' the treetop . if you be the next unknown virus or bacteria , we be a hundred million pound of meat and mess ready to swallow . middle aged woman you blood result come back , Alan . you never have the virus . you have no antibody . you lie . beat . krumwiede of course that 's what you lab say . of course that 's what the administration want you to say -- that 's the real virus here : wealth and power . and that 's what I be say . and I have the right to say it . free speech . you virus do not affect the constitution do it ? middle aged woman where 's the money , Alan ? where 's the money you make from scare people ? another agent enter . he look resign . contagion 1/14/10 128. other agent bail 's be post . krumwiede smile . stands up . krumwiede people should be secare -- you '' think other animal be not scared ? middle aged woman you be the fuck virus ... you be the mutation . ext . san francisco - fbi build - a little later krumwiede walk away -- down the street , past a line of people wait to get they inoculation . he 's locse in the world . int . cdc - bsl 4 - day a series of air lock and door . we track with hextall and eisenberg in full space suit as they make they way deeper into the secure area . they carry with they a metal case . int . denny 's ~ inside the beltway , DC - morning cheever sit with a lawyer have egg and bacon . file spread across the table . pyrell have now join the other condiment on every table . lawyer this hearing have a way of get nasty . feople be run for re-election . everyone 's out for a sound bite . cheever oh , 1 know what they be gonna say . they be gonna say 35 people die in a riot in Chicago . they be gonna say I crash the stock market and cause a run on food . int . c dc - bsl 4 - continuous hextall remove a hi-tech cylinder from the metal box . a clear liquid within . it be label : meve - 1 . contagion 1/14/10 129 . cheever ( 0.s. ) they be gonna say I scattered the thing across people 's imagination -- I yell fire in a crowded theater ... int . denny ‘s - inside the beltway , DC - continuous cheever ... or even worse , I just whisper it to the person close to I . be that any different than what a terrorist would do ? lawyer you tell someone you love . creever and someone else probably lose somebody they love . lawyer and so , what be you gonna say ? cheever that I be human . lawyer they x11 probably ask you to resign from that , too . . int . cdc - bsl 4 - continucus eisenberg put the cylinder into a bracket . next to it be other bracket hold other cylinder -- each one be mark with a year go back in time . all hard fight victory . eisenberg notice hextall stare in the other direction . eisenberg what be it ? hextall 's Pov - the other direction Beyond the bracket with the newest virus in it we see : more bracket empty . extend to the end of focus . wait for new viruse . the future . contagion 1/14/10 130 . hextall nothing .