cool hand luke ( 1967 ) " cool hand luke " screenplay by donn pearce and Frank pierson base on the novel by donn pearce shoot draft fade in : ext . southern CITY STREET extreme closeup parking meter ( night ) its irritate head open a glaring red eye : the red flag pop across the entire screen : violation insert : parking meter support ( night ) closeup of a pipe cutter attach to the meter neck , metal sliver curling out . from o.s. we hear -- luca jackson cheerfully hum and mumble auld lang syne and then : luke okay , mister General , you son of a bitch . sir. think you can put thing right with a piece of tin with a ribbon hangin ' on it ? gonna put you right . closeup parking meter ( night ) as the meter head fall out of frame . new angle on meter ( night ) as it fall to the ground amidst a forest of meter stand and luke 's hand come into the frame to pick it up and we see he in closeup for the first time . he be cheerful , drunk , wear a fade GI field jacket . a bottle opener hang on a silver chain around he neck . he address the next meter . luke all right . helen , honey . I lose my head over you . now its you turn . suddenly the beam of headlight crash in , flaring the screen . angle on prowl car ( night ) slide up to we , headlight glaring , red toplight revolve menacingly . two officer , black shape , get out and start warily toward luke . on luke ( night ) illuminate by the headlight . he grin as the officer approach , lift a bottle of beer , open it and drink , smile . on he smile , freeze frame . on the frame super -impose MAIN title and as it fade dissolve to : omitted ext . closeup a yoyo blade in the SUN it swing with a pendulum motion , its shine blade topping a clump of grass and weed ; it swing on the backstroke , lopping more grass , then move a little away from camera . from camera right , a pair of foot move into the frame , the foot of the man swinging the yoyo . they be boot and connect by chain , rivete around the ankle . the foot move further into the frame and the shot widen . we be on : ext . a country road ( day ) and we see the work gang in uniform ( 14 man ) flail away with yoyos , short - handle scythes in the hot sun , guard by three man . Three of the worker wear chain ( gambler , dynamite , sailor ) . the scene be bleach and hot ; the man sweat and dirty in prison shirt and pants . the light shift during the follow : a montage of a full day - superimpose title as appropriate over following angle on rabbit he be a trustee . he walk up into camera and set up sign : slow down -- men at work angle on dragline ( 9:00 a.m. ) he be a giant , cover with sweat and dust . he start to pull off he shirt . dragline takin ' it off here , boss ! boss kean yeah , take it off , dragline ! angle boss kean ( 11:00 a.m. ) pull out watch , look at the sun . angle the bull gang flail away , most of they naked to the waist . angle koko he be sweat stream . koko wipin ' it off here , boss ! boss shorty okay , wipe it off there , koko . koko take out a limp handkerchief and mop he face . angle on gambler ( a chainman ) ( noon ) he yoyo flash like a sword . he pause , panting . gambler drinkin ' it up here , boss ! angle boss kean boss kean awright , drink it up , gambler . Water them , rabbit . new angle gambler and gang as gambler take a drink from a tin cup , pass by rabbit . full shot the gang ( 2:00 p.m. ) work away like a machine . angle past boss godfrey to boss shorty godfrey be the walk boss , silent , implacable symbol of ultimate judgement . he wear a black hat , globular mirrore sunglass -- the man with no eye , impassive , emotionless . he nod to boss Shorty . boss shorty awright , smoke it up ! full shot the gang in unison they chant : the gang yeah , boss . angle society red and blind dick 4:00 p.m. Society be check he yoyo edge with a file , covertly watch a pass car . blind Dick sneak a look , then duck . angle boss kean boss kean you eyeballin ' there , Society ? society red society red checkin ' my yoyo , boss ! koko ( 5:00 p.m. ) he see something o.s . he speak , as they all do outside , like a ventriloquist , not move the lip , and in a stage whisper , to dragline . koko drag ... drag ... newmeat Bus ! we get we newmeat tonight ! angle on gambler and dragline they look up covertly . p.o.v. angle on road the newmeat Bus , a prison vehicle , a panel truck with meshed window ; and man in it , appear down the road approach the gang . it slow as it pass they and the man covertly look at it . koko and gambler koko ( whisper ) a bunch . must be halfa dozen newmeat . gambler no more than five . for a cold drink . koko ( whisper ) Bet ! babalugat , bet here ! angle babalugat he be the idiot of the gang . he grin foolishly , make the bet official . newmeat bus as it pass , pick up speed , pan into : close shot godfrey look at the newmeat Bus . ext . closeup the eye of godfrey his sunglass fill the screen , distorting the image of the bus as it move away from we and the last title roll . CUT to : int . newmeat bus the screen be mostly black , but we see out through the meshed rear window a desolate panorama of gnarled tree and grubby landscape , bleak and hopeless . now we hear outside the bark and bay of bloodhound , not like they be tracking , but just play as the truck turn and stop . the bus guard and driver get out . the back of the truck be open by the guard and through that rectangle of bright sunlight , the silhouettes of the newmeat descend , luke last . ext . prison camp luke's p.o.v . ( day ) the scene : in a hollow be a long barrack , white - wash , fade gray , one story high . at right be a mess hall and laundry . a chain -link fence surround the whole compound . the corner of the fence be telephone pole with floodlight on the top . this burn all night . back of the mess hall , again outside the fence , be several kennel run in which bloodhound be now roaring . a wooden tower with a simple board roof stand at two corner of the compound where the guard sit when the prisoner be not lock in the barrack . a picnic table sit in a grassy area just outside and at one side of the gate be a picket fence enclose a scrubby lawn . boss paul four. right . he hand the papers to the captain , a small man with a kindly face but a firm , set mouth who always carry a golf club . in b.g. the bloodhound be yowling : boss paul dogboy , get they dog shut up ! dogboy , a trustee whose leather glove be always stick out of one back pocket , put he hand to be lick by the dog who quiet , friendly , like any pet . dogboy they just smell newmeat be all , boss . the Captain have be ignore this , watch the prisoner , look at they record . ext . newmeat bus ( day ) as the boss ( boss paul and boss higgins ) motion for they , the other newmeat ( to be know as tramp , alibi , and tattoo ) stumble into each other and jostle luke in they eagerness to obey order . boss paul you man git line up here . the newmeat jostle into line . they be wear State issue gray pants and they own free World shirt . all except luke carry a paper bag or cigar box contain they wordly goods . all except luke look apprehensive , worried . luke stand with languid grace , neither insolent nor hostile , nor fearful . the Bus Guard hand boss Paul a folder that contain record as the Captain approach from he porch . captain what do they bring we today ? Gibson . a 507 , manslaughter . good for a two spot . alibi it be a accident . I have never be in any trouble . boss paul you 'all call the Captain , Captain . captain ( to next man ) Edgar Potter . a 302 and resisting arrest . one year . tramp I be tryin ' to keep outa the rain . boss paul git the wax out and yore ear . you call the Captain , Captain . tramp yes , sir . boss paul and you call the rest of we boss , you hear ? tramp yes , boss . captain this man be gonna make we proud of he , Mr. hunnicutt . ( move on ) Raymond Pratt . tattoo yes , Captain . captain breakin ' , enterin ' and assault . five spot . hmmm . able -body seaman . tattoo that oughta come in handy here , Captain . captain maybe. ( turn to luke ) Lucas Jackson . luke here , Captain . captain maliciously destroyin ' municipal property while under the influence . what be that ? luke cuttin ' the head off parkin ' meter , Captain . captain well , we be not never have one of they . where would you think that be gonna get you ? luke I guess you could say I be not thinkin ' , Captain . captain ( look at record ) say here you do real good in the war : Silver Star , bronze Star , couple purple heart . sergeant ! Little time in stockade . come out the same way you go in : Buck private . luke that 's right , Captain . just passin ' the time . captain ( stare at he ) well , you get yourself some time now . two year . Hell , that be not much , we get coupla man here doin ' twenty spot . we get one who 's get all of it . we get all kind and you gonna fit in real good . course in case you git rabbit in you blood and decide to take off fer home , you git a bonus a some time and couple leg chain to keep you slowed down a little -- fer you own good . you will learn the rule . it 's all up to you . I can be a good guy or I can be one mean son-of - a- bitch , it 's up to you . he turn and walk away . close shot luke his eye have be wander during this speech . he see a doleful , lovable bloodhound , nose at the mesh and wink at he . close shot bloodhound he simply stare dolefully . int . barracks ( day ) bare , unpaint wood . the window be bar and cover with chain link . the door from the barrack up to the compound pass a small area enclose by a woven metal strap cage . in this usually sit the wicker man , whom we generally see as a heavy , short shape move about he own business which be make a endless series of ring or jewelry by hammer coin with the back of a heavy spoon . the door to the barrack lock by the tongue of a strap iron bar that be thrust through a hole in the wicker where the wicker man lock it by padlock . thus he can always see they , but they can not reach he . the single big room be fill with two and even three - tiere bunk . bare bulb hang from the ceiling . carr , the floorwalker , a 240 pound behemoth , be indoctrinate the newmeat while they change into camp clothing : gray twill trousers , shirt and jacket , all numbered , which have be pile on the table . carr squeeege up and down , a restless man , and camera in follow he show we the room . at the same time , the wicker man be move about the barrack , tapping the floor and bunk post with a broom handle for sign of tamper . carr pay no attention to he , address the newmeat . carr they clothes have get laundry number on them . you remember you number and always wear the one that have you number . any man forget he number spend a night in the box . ( pass out spoon ) this yere spoon you keep with you and any man lose he spoon spend a night in the box . there be no play grabass or fight in the building . you get a grudge against another man you can fight he Saturday afternoon . any man play grabass or fight in the building spend a night in the box . first bell be at five minute of eight when you will get in you bunk and last bell be at eight ... o.s. now be hear the sound of truck arrive and the wicker man go back to the wicker . carr ( continue ) any man not in he bunk at eight will spend a night in the box . there be no smoking in prone position in bed . to smoke you must have both leg over the side of you bunk . anyone catch smoking in prone position will spend a night in the box . you get two sheet . every Saturday you put the clean sheet on the top , the top sheet on the bottom and the bottom sheet you turn in to the Laundry Boy . any man who turn in the wrong sheet spend a night in the box . no one will sit on the bunk with dirty pants on . any man sit on a bunk with dirty pants will spend a night in the box . any man who do not bring back he empty pop bottle spend a night in the box . o.s. now be the sound of man count off , fill the air with the apprehension of impending arrival . carr ( continue ) any man loudtalk spend a night in the box . you get question you come to I . ( attentive now ) I be carr , the floorwalker . I be responsible for order in here and any man that do not keep order ... luke mouth the next line with he . at the same time , we hear the clanking of the wicker man 's door open and the thudding of many step . carr ... spend a night in the box . ( to luke , sincerely ) I hope you be not gonna be a hardcase . new angle as luke shrug the chute burst open and the bull gang rush in , man try to get hand clean , urinate and get back out into the chowline . sudden loud chaos . the newmeat be seat on the bench , bewilder , except luke who grin . koko spy the newmeat and be unhappy that there be only four . gambler ( to koko ) four . you owe I a drink . dragline ( push both aside ) get outa mah way you do not want a wet pocket ! society red ( pass the newmeat ) gentlemen , welcome to the family . loudmouth steve any of you guy from Connecticut ? carr awright , let 's move it along ! new angle as the flow of body reverse and the man stampede for the chute , go out , adjust clothing , etc . dragline shove loudmouth Steve along . dragline fill you loudmouth with some bean ! and they be in the chute . the newmeat still sit there . . in the empty barrack , the SOUND of man disappear across the yard . carr well , what be you doin ' here ? you suppose to be eatin ' they bean ! the newmeat stampede out the chute . int . mess hall ( dusk ) most of the other man already have they food and be sit down with no jockey for place : everybody know . they be shoveling it down as fast as they can , get back up for second . luke and the other newmeat get they plate and while the other stand there , confuse , luke sit at the first vacant spot and begin to eat industriously . koko ( sotto voce to dragline ) newmeat 's a hog-gut . dragline look up , go back to he food . there be a off - stage crash . new angle tramp he be sit on the floor , between he knee a mess of stew on the floor and he plate upside down . he have make the mistake of take dynamite 's seat . dynamite , the champion eater , have casually displace he and be busy chow . dogboy be serve ; he be the only one to break the rule of silence in chowline . dogboy this pig be rollin ' in thar slop now , boss ! tramp make terrify and ineffectual effort to scoop the stew back onto he plate with he hand , wiping he hand on he uniform , etc. , then try to obliterate the stain on the floor with a foot . ext . barracks porch ( night ) the man be be shake down before enter the barrack for the night . they sit and take off they shoe . they empty they pocket into they cap . carr inspect shoe , throw they inside door , frisk man who stand with back turn , arm raise . then carr mutter a number . int . barracks ( night ) through the wicker cage toward door . as the man enter , stoop to pick up shoe , repeat they number to the wicker man , as they go through the chute . int . barracks new angle ( night ) the man be prepare for they hour of free time . gambler have lay out the blanket for the poker game and be shuffle card . koko and blind dick have they seat , be arrange they pile of change . luke sit at the other end of the table , past the blanket line . dragline who have be talk to the wicker man now enter casually as we hear dynamite , change in hand , move to the game berate tramp . dynamite next time you stay outa my place ! I earn it . you try that agin a ' I will bounce you all over the floor . tramp I do not know . I be hungry . koko you do not take another man 's place , boy . alibi it be not he fault . nobody say anything about seat . we -- dragline ( to tramp ) you gotta mind you manners , you actin ' like a hillbilly tramp . koko ( delighted ) tramp ! beautiful ! dragline nod . gambler ( to tramp ) you get you bullgang name , boy . tramp ( good-naturedly ) ai not no worse than some I be call . tattoo in the navy , we use to call guy -- dragline fasten you flap ! all you newmeat gonna have to shape up fast and hard on this gang . we get rule here a ' in order to learn they , you gotta keep you ear open and you mouth shut . luke snort . omitted angle on dragline look up as if he have just hear a strange sound . dragline somebody say somethin' ? luke I do not say nothin ' , boss . dragline well , whatta we get here ? luke a Lucas Jackson . society red ( at mirror , back turn ) dragline give out the name here . you will get yours when he figure you out . dragline ( to luke ) maybe we oughta call you no - ear . you do not listen much , do you , boy ? luke ( smile ) ai not hear much worth listen to yet . just everybody hand out rule . a feel of discomfort . koko assess luke , who have remain at the poker table . koko newmeat look like a poker player , drag . dragline would not surprise I none . ( to luke ) wicker man say you get a hundred - twenny and some change in the Captain 's safe and you get you five dollar pocket money ... that will buy you a whole fistfull of card . you in or out ? luke stare at he for a beat , then shrug -- who need it -- and walk over to he bunk . society red look like you have get yourself a redhot , dragline . dragline just stare after luke . gambler ( deal ) awright , let 's play some poker . first Jack be the man ... a trey , a duck , a neighter ... he continue to call card as we pan away and down the bunk show alibi write a letter , loudmouth Steve read a sex book , stupid blondie work a rattleskin wallet , sailor remove he pants through he chain , chief roll cigarettes , etc . close the wicker the shadow of the wicker man behind it rise and move to the tire rim which he beat with a tire iron . close carr carr first bell ! poker table the man break it up , some head for the urinal . angle on luke he lie in he bunk stare directly into a flyspeck bulb hang from the ceiling about eighteen inch from he face . it will be on all night . the tire iron sound again and man hurry for they bunk . carr ( o.s. ) last bell . last bell . int . barracks mo . shot carr move down the aisle , count lip move . the barrack be silent . finish the count , carr go to the wicker . carr fifty , boss . wicker man ( o.s. ) fifty . okay , carr . angle on luke stare up at bulb . loudmouth steve's voice gittin ' up here , carr . moving close shot carr pace along , he foot squeegeeing on the floor . carr yeeahp . angle showing loudmouth steve in the sleep barrack he get up and move toward the toilet ... angle on babalugat he be crouch in a torture position to pray , in the space between he bunk and the one above . close luke he roll over and go to sleep . SOUND over : carr squeegeeing along , the creak of the bunk as man toss and turn , the water running in the toilet , the dog barking a little outside . omitted omitted angle on carr he sit at the poker table . the sound have drop now in the depth of the night , the chink , chink of the wicker man stop . carr simply sit stare at he half - finish game of solitaire , a card in he hand , he eye see something far distant . he 's breathe but he could be carve of stone . omitted int . barracks long shot before dawn ( night ) all other sleep . carr at poker table . suddenly the clamor of the iron bar be heard . carr first bell ! first bell ! let 's go ! angle on alibi as , still asleep , he be unceremoniously dumped onto the floor by carr who go right by . pandemonium of rush man all around . ext . chute mo . shot before dawn ( night ) carr be barring the gate with he body . the door outside be unlock and open . the go sound . carr open the gate , step outside to the porch and the man begin count out . ext . barracks porch before dawn ( night ) the voice continue to count off as the man run to locker and quickly line up outside the mess hall . watch they go be boss godfrey . godfrey' face impassive behind the sunglass . ext . mess hall inside yard before dawn ( night ) the man pour out . there be a little dawnlight , but the floodlight be still on . the yard man open the gate and the man begin count off again . gambler be the last out of the mess hall and get a kick in the ass from boss Paul to get he up with the other . angle on captain porch before dawn ( night ) he sit in he rocket watch . we hear the SOUND of the man count , clanging of chain . truck be load ( dawn ) the man clamber inside . the Little bull gang truck leave . ext . road near camp caravan of the Little bull gang and patch squad truck move off down the road into the dawn light . int . truck ( dawn ) just as the gate be swing shut . we see godfrey 's face look in , then all be dim and the truck begin to lurch away , gun fast , throw the man , search for they customary seat . Chaos . dragline's voice git outa my eyeballin ' seat , you newmeat dummy ! luke stand , hold a strut in the roof and watch with amusement as tattoo be shove away by dragline , then koko , and then push from man to man as he try to sit down but always find a lap in the way . bawdy laughter ; it 's a game but earnest . as they settle tattoo wind up on the floor but grin , understand , find a place beside tramp . across the way alibi begin a serious conversation with blind Dick . alibi ( nervously ) where be we go now ? loudmouth steve it 's the Captain 's birthday . they be takin ' we on a picnic . alibi ( uncertainly smile ) I be a salesman . I use to drive this road all the time . I never think -- it be a accident , car skidd , maybe I would have a drink or two -- angle on koko , tramp , tattoo koko man ! it 's gonna be one hot muther today . gambler bear gonna be walkin ' the road today . mechanic ( to tattoo ) you ever see a man bearcaught ? tattoo and tramp look uncertain , frighten . new angle gambler all the salt go outa he body and the water foller the salt and the brain shrivel up like a dry pea . tattoo ( try to ingratiate ) when I be in the navy -- society red ( to alibi ) convulsion , shiver . very unpleasant to watch . blind dick ( to alibi ) man 's never the same . make he lose he sex drive . on koko , other koko ( to tramp ) I be lucky I get a broom . work up top . Real easy job . man , it 's gonna be hot down in that ditch . alibi we work down in the ditch ? gambler ai not you never see a chain gang , in all you drive around ? tramp ( to koko ) I be not use to hard labor neither . done my best to avoid it . tattoo I be not crazy about it myself . koko ( shaking he head ) gonna be a hot one to learn on . society red koko , why do not you let one of this newmeat take you broom for today ? koko Hell , no . I be not goin ' down in the ditch . tramp I shore would appreciate it . I be not in much shape just now . tattoo what about I ? society red ( to tramp and tattoo ) perhaps if you offer brother koko a small ... ( make money gesture ) tramp I be not get much . a quarter ? dragline ( to koko ) you be to sell you job , maybe this Lucas War hero would give you a price . tattoo I will give you fifty cent . koko fifty cent ? sweet job like that worth at least a buck . alibi I will make it a dollar . koko Buck be a deal . alibi ( apologetically to tramp , tattoo ) I have get this weak heart . too much drink , I guess . as soon as they find out about it , they will probably send I someplace else . tramp if you even need dough in here , I be in big trouble . luke ( to dragline ) where would you get that about war hero ? dragline oh we get we source ... tearing the head off ... what be it ... gumball machine ? what kind of thing be that for a grow man ? luke ( amused by the put - on ) well , you know . small town , not much to do in the evening . mostly it be settling up old score . society red you will have to do better than that if you want to impress this man . some pretty hard number here . dragline 's a ex-safe cracker , koko 's a jewel thief . blind Dick be a rapist . blind dick ( to luke ) show you the clipping some time . News - dispatch call I " the shiek of simmonsville . " five broad in three day ... gambler ' course two of they be sister . society red of course some of they , like stupid blondie , be just unlucky ... he fall off the fire escape ... and one or two do not really belong here at all ... ( indicate babalugat ) ... or myself , who just make the small error of misspel a friend 's name ... on a check . dragline hey , koko . you hear that ? all this time I be thinkin' Society just come here for the sun and exercise . everyone laugh . dragline ( to luke who be smile ) whatta you so happy about ? luke I just always do like truck ride . ext . claypit road ( just after sunrise ) as the truck pull up and stop and the man pour out , pick up tool for the day 's work . ext . tool truck the guard for the day be : Paul , Kean , higgins and godfrey . as the man move through the line for tool , alibi approach boss Paul : alibi boss , I make a arrangement with that man to take he broom . boss paul ( shove he along ) git you shovel and git to work . alibi I do not think you understand . we make a deal --- boss paul ( cane he on the leg ) git movin ' , I say . alibi ( in pain ) but I make this arrangement -- boss paul ( shove he ) cut that backsass ! alibi see the light , accept a shovel and walk off resentfully to where the other be work , casting hurt , angry look at koko and Society who ignore he . the SUN come up in godfrey 's glass , and we see the gang begin they work . in various cut , in each of which the sun leap forward , time pass inexorably ... full shot : the gang rhythmically work away . close : alibi try to pretend to work , not do it well and get a pass cut from boss Paul 's cane . resentfully , he go at it , sweat heavily . close : luke he be work hard but badly , unused to the awkward tool , try to master it . Society Red work up behind he . luke and society society red you be work too hard . you will not last two hour . watch the way the human dragline do it . angle on dragline he be whipping away with apparently effortless ease but accomplish more than the other . the road a open red Continental with kit zip past , the driver grin at the gang . close : tattoo he be suffer along , sweat pour off he . the sun be beginning to really beat down now . dragline work a little behind he . dragline takin ' it off here , boss ! boss paul yeah , take it off there . he take off he jacket and toss it to the edge of the road where dogboy collect it . tattoo decide to imitate , tentatively . tattoo takin ' it off here , boss ? boss paul yeah , take if off there . he strip , revealing a tattoo of " mother " lodge thornlike in he flesh and a great garland of flower and a girl on he chest . dragline ( sotto voce ) hey , turn around ! let koko see the broad . close tattoo turn so koko can see , grin , stop work . koko beautiful ! a real work of art ! blind dick ( low voice ) Nice broad . good set . tattoo ( proudly , flex it ) have it do in Singapore . bunch of we drunk as coot -- dragline ( hiss ) hey , tattoo ! tattoo ( not hearing ) -- go down to see this old hag and she have needle the size of that cane . mechanic ( quietly ) hey . swing that yoyo or you gonna get a taste of that cane . tattoo realize where he be and go back to work . moving shot tramp ( later ) as he seem to spin , he eye close , he arm limp , he head lolling back , he stumble , twist , careen . close dragline see this . dragline man bearcaught , boss ! close boss kean boss kean blondie ... sleepy ! git he afore he fall . stupid blondie and sleepy they drop they tool and rush over as tramp fall . without ceremony , they drag he over the rough ground to the truck , where boss Paul lock he in . dragline he be watch luke , who be very close to the same fate . although he have achieve some grace , it be apparent that luke be work too strenuously , too determine . mo . shot boss kean he reach into he pocket and take out a turnip watch , look to godfrey , who nod . boss kean awright , let 's eat they bean ! the man break and head for the chow line . omitted angle on luke he have drop to the ground , examine a blister on he hand . at boss Kean 's call , he look up , ruefully resentful , and get to he foot and slowly walk to the chow line . boss kean's voice hey , you . bean time ! dragline ( eyeing luke , to gambler ) cold drink he do not make it . gambler bet. babalugat , bet ! babalugat grin . dragline have he chow , pass luke . dragline ( whisper ) you get to snag it , man . you get to stop foolin ' around and tear up they weed . luke stumble past , not pay attention . full shot gang working it be later in the afternoon . on stupid blondie he stop . stupid blondie caught short here , boss ! angle boss kean boss kean awright , blondie . take it behind that tree . on stupid blondie he drop he tool and gratefully trot off in the direction of the tree . angle on luke it be later . he be work hard , stop a minute as he hear a crow caw overhead . he look up at it . close shot godfrey he snap he finger . angle on luke , tattoo , koko , other look up as rabbitt go to the truck and get out a single action rifle which he bring to godfrey , who put in a bolt and bullet from he pocket . tattoo who 's that ? koko boss godfrey . mechanic the walk boss . tattoo do not he ever talk ? godfrey have raise the gun and now fire . insert crow on the wing it be hit , explode in a burst of feather . angle on luke and tattoo luke I believe he just say something . omitted full shot the men work , luke flail away like a automaton . int . the truck ( afternoon ) as it be open from the outside . tramp sit up against the bench , still in rocky shape from he collapse . the other step over he as though he be not there . luke appear , like a sleepwalker . he grab the side rail , get one foot up and try to pull himself over the edge of the truck body . but the muscle be just use up . boss Paul see this and give luke a kick , time so that it coincide with he jump . it give he just the add momentum need to send he over the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor . he 's the last one and as the guard lock they up , he grin up at dragline and gambler from he prone position . luke ( to dragline ) you owe that fella a cold drink . the man be not tired , they smoke and talk and laugh : it 's be a easy day . koko hot damn , drag . tomorrow 's Saturday . another week almost make . alibi ( hopelessly ) I get two year . dragline only two ? man , I already do eight . nothin ' to it . just make the day and let the week and the year make themselves . tattoo I do three hitches in the navy . it be not bad . after a while , you get use to it and the time -- koko be look out the back of the truck . koko oh , man , oh man . look at that . on the bicycle . lookit they short . I be dyin ' . the man rush to look out at the vision of freedom on the bike . dragline ( knowledgeably ) she look just like a lil girl I useta know name Louise merryweather . Fine lil ol ' girl , always partial to home - make whiskey . remember one time down in the cellar , both of we knee - walkin ' drunk and ah have this lil pint and Louise want a poke of it . so ah say : you wanna poke and I wanna poke , so ... he start he story . on the floor , luke sleep . ext . prison yard late ( afternoon ) as they be count in through the gate , they hat with they personal possession in they hold out to be inspect , they pocket turn out . a guard frisk they quickly but efficiently . the Captain stand nearby ignore they , testing a golf swing . the man move to the mess hall , most of they on the run . luke move painfully with exhaustion . alibi seem quiet and cow , lose in the crowd . they fall into a line at the mess hall door . dynamite , he spoon out , move to the front of the line and luke wind up somewhere near the rear . boss higgins ( yardman ) awright , you , Gibson , step out . boss Paul say you be not happy with you job . done a lot of complainin' . go give you a chance to think it over . alibi look around , fearfully step out , peer up and down the line , wonder . boss higgins get they clothes off . alibi be lead to the box . a light stand about it shine down into it and it always burn when the box be ready to be use or when there 's someone inside . now a nightshirt be laid out on top of it . alibi strip and put on the pajamas . boss Kean open the heavy lid of the box and we see it be grill with heavy chain link fencing and with strap iron bar . a chamber pot be put inside . alibi stand in the box , look back at they , then lie down out of sight . the lid be slam shut . full shot the man watch this . the mess hall door open and they begin to file in . int . barracks ( night ) as the wicker man whale away at he tire rim outside the barrack . carr awright , first bell ! let 's hit they bunk ! the man be pile into bunk and the camera find luke heaving himself with a kind of rueful amusement up to the third tier bunk he sleep in ; he 's exhaust . dragline plumb bust out . look like the hard road finally get to mister Lucas War hero . luke ( agreeably ) back at it in the mornin' . just need a little nap ... he lie back . across he and in various perspective be the other participant in this conversation , speak in the ventriloquist 's whisper while the straggler get into the sack . koko man , I never think they would put he in the box on he first day . loudmouth steve it be just suppose to be a joke . there be not no broom . whoever hear of a chain gang use broom ? tramp I gotta tell you that I believe it . tattoo he should have know ; it be a gag . koko you can not switch ' round job , anyway . I figure he know that . society red you can not expect he to learn everything the first day . hopefully it 's teach he a very valuable lesson . luke well , you fix it up so he 's get all night to think about it . loudmouth steve it 's not we fault he 's a square . dragline course not . he be not in the box ' cause a the joke play on he . he 's there ' cause he back sass a free man . they get they rule and we be not get nothing to do with that . woulda probably happen to he sooner or later , to a complainer like he . he 's gotta learn the rule same as anybody else . luke yeah , that poor old guard need all the help they can get . dragline you tryin ' to say somethin' ? luke roll over and go to sleep . dragline ( to he back ) you jus ' keep flap you mouth and one of this time , you and I gonna raise a little dust . the wicker man begin hit the tire rim again . carr awright , last bell ! silence . carr ( continue ) forty -nine and one in the box , boss ! wicker man' voice forty -nine and one in the box . right , carr . ext . road closeup yoyo transitional device ( day ) it slashes away like a pendulum , golden in the sun , ticking away time , over road that stretch to infinity -- a shot that will always tell we that the man be building time . shot widen . the gang be labor , fill in washout by the roadside . the boss be Paul , Kean , higgins , and , always , godfrey , the walk boss . close luke he be tan and harden now , and have master the work rhythm . shot widen to show dragline near he , check he shovel for nick but really eyeball a pass car . in the ditch , luke expertly scoops up a shovel full of sand and , lever the handle on he knee , flip the sand through the air so it hit spang in the pan of dragline 's shovel while dragline be still eyeball . it knock he off balance and by the time he have catch up , luke be already catch he with another shovel full . dragline slow down , man . they be not pass out medal for slinging dirt . luke I think you know , boy ... they sentence I by the mile . dragline grin at this insouciance , sneak a look down the road . he dig into he pocket and haul out a pair of salvage sunglass , which he hold up . dragline puttin ' them on here , boss ! boss kean's voice yeah , put them on , drag ! new angle dragline , luke as dragline hook on the glass . luke , tattoo and tramp be work around here . luke ( to tramp ) lookit that . some Hollywood movie star jus ' join up with we . tramp smile . dragline ( to koko ) man , this here newmeat parking meter bandit thing what call itself luke do not know nuthin ' ' bout nuthin' . luke ( to tramp ) but damn if he do not look like a fat old dragline . tramp coulda fool I . dragline ( to tattoo ) this be my eyeballin ' glass . now I be gonna play peek - a- boo and ol ' godfrey be not gonna know if I be eyeballin ' or tootin' the piccolo . tattoo that be not nuthing compare to what we use to do in San pedro . there be this ensign ... dragline ( have be sniff the air ) ah believe I smell I a blonde-haire lady . angle on bull gang they all look up covertly and , sure enough , in the second car slowed down by rabbit 's sign , be a lush blonde in a sun dress that be hike up high on the thigh and cut low over the bosom . she cringe under they gaze and start the top go up on the car as though to hide from they . koko man , see she leg . she 's tan all over . blind dick Nice broad . Nice set . dragline she look just like Mrs. Patricia handy , a marry woman ... I useta fool with . man , I kin sniff blond from a hunnert yard and redhead from a mile and a half . koko ( to tattoo ) drag 's be chain - gang so long he 's get a nose like a bloodhound . luke maybe he 's be chain - gang too long . dragline Long enough to see redhot come and redhot go . the car begin to move away . they sigh . the work begin again . omitted new angle on gang time have pass ; they be further down the road . a small blue coupe kick up dust as it jitter down the road and stop across the highway before a small home . a blonde , mid - twenty , get out , and head covertly look up . the bull gang the woman be too much for they , too close , too blonde , too lush . they stop as one and watch as she disappear into the house . close godfrey see they odd behavior , he turn to see what 's happen but the woman be go ; when he turn back , the men' head be back down . dragline , koko , luke , other koko oh , man , do you see she ? do you see she ? dragline I get eye , do not I ? how my not gonna see something like that ? blind dick Nice broad . good set . loudmouth steve how could you tell ? you could hardly see she . gambler she 's back ! head pop up again as the blonde come out of the house , now dress in a short house dress , carry a radio , a pail and a sponge . she be clearly buxom . she go to the outside faucet , fill the bucket and drag the attach hose toward the car . loudmouth steve look at that ! dragline shut up , you loudmouth jerk ! the blonde she begin to hose the dusty car , splash herself , make the cotton dress cling to she body , toss she hair , every movement and gesture erotic and provocative . the men they work be completely disorganize as they attempt to shovel while watch . they voice overlap . koko man oh man. luke that be one mean lady . Bet she husband spend one day a week shoot milkmen . blind dick lookit she bounce . gambler oh lean over here , lady . lean this way . tramp I would not mind be that hose . gambler more ... a little more . tattoo I do not know if I believe it . blondie she 's so big ! gambler now lean down ... a little more . dragline lookit that little honeypot . lookit that leg . mechanic oh man , I be not never be so thirsty in my life . the blonde she begin to rub the windshield erotically . blind dick oh rub . sleepy rub . dragline rub ! babalugat rub-a-dub-dub . rub-a-dub-dub . koko I be dyin' . I be dyin ' ! dragline look , she 's get paint on she toenail ! oh Lord , whatever I do , do not strike I blind for ' nother couple minute . oh you Lucille ! dragline and luke luke Lucille ? where do you get that ? dragline ( whirling ) that 'sa Lucille , you mullet head ! any girl so innocent and build like that gotta be name Lucille . luke innocent ? blind dick she do not even know what she 's doin !. luke she know exactly what she 's doin . she 's drivin ' you crazy and lovin ' it . dragline shut you mouth ' bout my Lucille . luke you Lucille ? man , you better put they glass back on and take a look at yourself . dragline ( glaring ) Boy . you jus ' ask to be handle ! p.o.v. men to girl as godfrey move across the scene , block they view , stare at they , filling the screen . omitted int . shower ( night ) trash body and head in the steam . feeling of tension , irritation , except for babalugat , who be singing . sleepy babalugat , shut up . mechanic leave he alone . he 's happy . sleepy that 's because he 's a damn moron . loudmouth steve now why do not you just shut up ? int . barracks ( night ) the man be in they bunk , sullen , quiet as the tire iron sound . carr awright , last bell . carr pace , count . bed squeak as man turn restlessly , unable to get comfortable . at the far end of the barrack , a slow -turn fan creak gratingly . it will continue to do so throughout the scene , add irritation to carr 's squeeteeing step and the regular squeaking of bedspring . omitted angle on men restless , irritate . carr voice ( o.s. ) fifty , boss . new angle on men wickerman' voice fifty , right , carr . angle on koko koko man , it 's so hot . new angle on men gambler gettin ' up , carr . full shot barracks as carr pace , squeeteeing . the fan creak . Springs squeak . carr yeahhpp . gambler get up , chain jangling . new angle on men uncomfortable , tense , shifting . loudmouth steve giddyap , carr . new angle on men carr voice ( o.s. ) yeahhpp . new angle on men tramp turn , irritate , as carr squeeees by . tramp how can you sleep with that damn squeaking ! full shot barracks carr pace . squeeteeing , the fan creaking , spring squeaking . dynamite's voice gettin ' up , carr . carr yeahhp . dynamite get up , chain jangling . on fan it be turn slowly , creaking , creaking , creaking . and now on the soundtrack we hear low at first , but steadily building , the tinny SOUND of the blonde girl 's radio . angle on men tense , annoyed , frustrated as the SOUND of the radio grow , join the creaking , squeaking and squeeteeing . angle on dragline as carr pass by . he speak in a low whisper . dragline man , that lil Lucille be a lot of lil girl . omitted angle on men some turn away , not want to be remind , some stare ahead unhappily , think the same thing . dragline's voice ( o.s. ) you see how she be jus ' poppin ' outa the top of that dress . angle on koko irritate , anxious . koko aw , come on , drag . angle on dragline not pay attention . dragline and down below , that thing do not reach no higher than ... ( chuckle ) she liable to catch cold ... runnin ' around like that . angle on men irritate by dragline 's voice and the squeeteeing and the squeaking and creaking and the radio SOUND , tinny and grate , grow in volume . dragline's voice ... and that thing be so tight ' cross she bottom ... make I wanna just reach out my hand and ... angle on luke luke forget it , man . angle on dragline suddenly angry . dragline whatta you mean , forget it ? angle on luke luke stop beatin ' , man . you be not doin ' nobody no good . angle on dragline he face corrode in fury as the radio SOUND and the creaking , squeaking and squeeteeing be at a unbearable peak . dragline ( with slow menace ) Boy , you better get some sleep and save you strength . ' Cause you be gonna need it . omitted angle on fan close as the sound threaten to burst we ear with they high - pitch tension , the camera move slowly into the hub of the fan and we nerve scream for relief . omitted ext . barracks close on luke as glove smashes into he face ( day ) and luke fall back into the dirt . he 's hurt , startle , but grin . we hear a cheer from the man o.s. , as he get up . he be stripped to the waist , wear huge 16 oz . box glove . fuller angle show dragline similarly dress . they be square off in the yard , surround by yelling man who want blood . it be a release from the sexual tension build up by the night before . the guard stand in the guard box , watch . the Captain sit up on he porch , so he can see without be too obvious . luke get up and manage a lung right across to dragline 's Adam 's apple . dragline be momentarily staggered but counter with a terrible clubbing blow that mash luke 's glove into he face , knock he to the ground . time be call for the round . luke and other behind he as he get to he foot . tramp why do not you just stay there ? he 's only gonna knock you down agin . alibi it 's not you fault . he 's just too big . society red let he hit you in the nose , get some blood flow . maybe they will stop it before he kill you . luke ( shaking he head , grin ) I do not want to frighten he . the second round be call and luke advance toward dragline . two shot luke , dragline circle . luke have to get in he shot before dragline get too close and club he again . he feint a punch that move dragline off - balance and wind up for a big one , but dragline smashes he backhand . luke hit the dirt , the man scream and yell . wiping some blood from he mouth , luke rise again . he be dizzy . dragline smack he down again . the men shout , shrieking , they have blood in they eye , release they tension . intercut the various reaction as the fight continue . the Captain on he porch rock and spit dry little spout of wind , godfrey , impassive , wait in he guard house . the yelling gradually subside as dragline continue to smash luke , who keep get up . angle on dragline without relish , he poke luke down again . now there be no cheer , no yell , just silence . angle on captain as he get up and walk down to the wire where he can see what be happen . the silence disturb he . on luke he rise , grin and wind up to throw another punch . but the act of lift he giant glove be a herculean task . second go by in which he try to raise the glove high enough to launch a punch . on dragline wait , glove at waist level , poise . dragline ( low ) ommana pop you one easy . stay down . he pop luke who reel , go down on a knee and then slowly rise , rise . dragline be honestly agonize . dragline I be gonna kill you , you go on ... luke that 's what you be gonna have to do . angle on captain concerned . angle on boss godfrey impassive . angle on dragline he raise he fist . but luke be up again . dragline realize he will have to kill he to beat he . after a long moment , dragline drop he hand to he side , look back toward godfrey and the captain and then start walk to the barrack , fast . angle on luke he look after he and reach up to wipe the blood away , still grin . int . barracks ( night ) the poker game . five card stud . play be gambler , koko , dynamite , blind Dick and luke , bandage . the mood of the barrack be quieter than usual . the man be still assess the fight , uncertain as to who now be they leader , look toward dragline for a indication . not play , dragline lie on he bunk behind koko , sullenly read a sex book . gambler deal the third card . gambler Ana paira nina . koko 's the brain . koko cuter . dynamite be already out . blind Dick now fold . gambler Ace call . luke kick a buck . koko ( consider , then chip ) I be in . gambler Ace call . here we go . ( deal luke ) King -five get a tray for no help . ( deal koko ) paira nina get a Jack . ( deal himself ) Ana man with the ace get ... slop in the face ... ninas up . koko ( regard luke ) cuter again . gambler call . luke ( expressionless ) kick a buck . koko be worried . he look at he hole card , consider , long silence . dragline look over from he bunk . dragline ( to koko ) whatcha get ? koko pair 'a nine . dragline I kin see that , brick head . I mean you hole card . koko hand it over he shoulder to dragline , who now sit up to consider the whole situation . dragline ( continue ) uh-huh . and he be not get nothing show . raise he head off . koko he 's be betting he head from the gun . gotta have king . dragline so then you just call he . koko ( chipping ) I call . gambler ( study luke 's card ) I gotta believe . out ! ( fold ) now they be rollin' . ( deal luke ) king-five - four get a eight . ( deal koko ) pair 'a nine with a Jack get a four . ninas still up . koko ( tentatively ) cuter . luke ( automatically ) kick a buck . koko damn . he look up to dragline for help . dragline kick he back a buck ! koko look uncertain , but listen . koko back a buck . luke ( automatically ) kick a buck . koko look up to dragline : what do we do now ? dragline do not look at I , mullet -head . koko look to the other . gambler man , you play like a kokonut . you get to call he at least . koko I know he 's get a paira king . he do not have to stick them in my ear . blind dick gotta have king . gambler sure he 's get king but you still gotta call he . koko look back to dragline . dragline man 's get a paira king , get you tail out . koko fold . luke reach for the pot at the same time that dragline reach for luke 's card . dragline nuthin ' ! a handfull of nuthin ' ! ( cuff koko ) you stupid mullet-head . he beat you with nuthin ' ! just like today when he keep come back at I . luke ( smile ) nuthin ' can be a pretty cool hand . dragline cool Hand luke . so say , dragline save face and the baton of leadership be pass . ext . yoyo shimmering in the SUN transitional device ( day ) swinging away the time ... insert : road moving shot day shoot through cage truck , as it move swiftly along , the landscape a blur of shadow and racing phone pole , etc. , the man shadow slouched on they bench inside . dissolve to : bearcaught avenue this be a country road run over roll moor , land open to the sky and sun , the road reach out to infinity . the cage truck roll to the end of the road and stop . stretch out on either side of the road , every five foot be a pyramid of freshly dumped sand . angle on rear of truck as the bull gang get down , look at the sand , be give shovel . koko oh no , man ! not on this hot muther . gambler all the bear gonna be walk today . alibi ( nervously ) what 's the deal ? dragline tar truck . at this bleak word , over the last rise come a filthy blacken tank truck with a fire in its belly and a array of pipe and valve at its rear , like a hellish beetle . koko ( to tattoo , tramp , alibi ) you think you have be work hard . this muther will break you back . society red this be a big day for the guard . they get to remind we who 's boss . tramp I be not forget . on the men as the truck driver make adjustment in the heater , flame , etc . boss paul awright , every second man , git to the other side of the road . dragline , dynamite , gambler , tattoo , loudmouth Steve , alibi , sleepy , stupid blondie and Chief cross over , leave luke , koko , Society Red , tramp , babalugat , blind Dick , mechanic and sailor . the tar truck begin to move slowly down the road , spread a black , hot , acrid wake behind it . boss paul ( continue ; with undisguise malice ) Captain hear this gang be doin ' so good , give we this special job . we get three mile of tarrin ' to cover today . let 's roll it ! new angle on the men they begin to work , digging a shovel - full of sand , fan it out over the hot tar , move up to the next pile . luke and dragline in the lead of they respective group . the guard move up along the ridge behind the man , urging they to move faster , cane the slow worker . boss paul let 's git with it ! boss shorty Roll it , heah ? angle godfrey he be at the rear of the column , walk down the center of the road . with he stick he point to spot where the tar have not be cover and the nearest man flick a spray of sand over it . on luke with koko and society red later they be work steadily but it be hot , hard , back - break labor . koko stop for a moment to rub he arm . koko oh man . I be gonna twist my arm off if this heat do not kill I first . boss Paul cane he across the leg . boss paul Roll it ! on dragline sweat and suffer across the road , just keep up with luke . dragline hey , buddy . take it easy . you be make I look bad . luke the man want speed , let 's give it to he . Ram it in and break it off . go hard . shag it . dragline begin to work harder , digging and fan , keep pace with luke . on dragline and dynamite dynamite ( panting ) whatta we racin ' for ? dragline man want speed , let 's give it to he . use that shovel like you use you spoon . shag it , man ! dynamite understand and throw himself into it . full shot the men up to they waist in smoke and dust , splatter with tar , work like devil as the word pass down the line . blind dick ( to Society Red ) go hard ! gambler ( to tattoo ) Ram it in and break it off ! alibi ( to sleepy ) Roll it ! loudmouth steve shag it ! they be all work like hell . angle on boss paul he look confuse , concerned by this sudden manic activity . angle on boss godfrey force to walk faster to keep up , find no unsande spot for he sorcerer 's wand . on luke , dragline , other enjoy the guard 's confusion . dragline ( to luke ) they do not know iff'n to smile , spit or swallow . luke they be not never see a bull gang before . society red work that shovel instead of you mouth . working on bearcaught avenue essentially a montage , a wild insane ballet of labor as lead by luke and dragline , the bull gang throw itself into the madness , mutter luke 's word of inspiration to each other and loving the guard ' confusion . ( song on SOUND track ) tramp go hard ! tattoo Ram it in ... mechanic break it off ... society red Roll it ! dynamite shag it ! stupid blondie move it ! luke grin and work . the guard be tense and uneasy and walk the road backward , not dare to turn they back on this mad . rabbit run around with he water bucket but the man do not drink , just upturn the water over they face and keep go . on boss paul confuse , angry , have not be able to cane anyone in a hour . as rabbit rush by : boss paul rabbit ! what the hell 's goin ' on ? rabbit ( know but be not say ) I do not know , boss . they must be bearcaught . all of they . he rush off , as catch up in the esprit as the other . working again more of the madness but now even faster , sweatier , wilder . the man be bearcaught by they sudden power to confound the guard . all shot favoring luke , splatter with tar , work right behind the truck . on godfrey replacing he stick with a rifle , as tense and uncertain as the other boss , stare at luke with blank , hat eye . on luke as he look up just as the tar truck turn off the road which have end , cross by a small highway . they have finish . luke stand straight , look out across the highway to the roll green beyond . dragline work up to he . dragline where would the road go ? luke that 's it . that 's the end . koko but there 's still daylight leave . dragline ( check the sun ) ' Bout two hour leave . loudmouth steve what do we do now ? luke have be look at the guard who have group in conference around boss Paul who have he watch out . they look concerned , gesticulate toward luke and the other . luke ( smile ) nothin ' . the other understand . they have beat the free Men by work harder . they all collapse on the ground , roll about , daze , tired but happy as hell , laugh . dragline oh , luke , you wild beautiful thing ! you crazy handful of nuthin ' ! dissolve to : omitted int . barracks ( day ) Sunday afternoon scene . the chain man be dance , jingling . Three radios blare in different corner ; a hell - fire preacher where deacon and Society Red sit work a letter ; romantic ballad ( near you , heart ache by Ted week , etc. ) for the man read fuck book ; rhythm and blue , country music for a couple of wrestler , bang into bunk until one depant the other and run off . camera follows this action showing the scene . other man roll cigarettes , dynamite still on he rattlesnake wallet , koko cut hair , use a board over a ash can for a barber 's chair . everyone be barefoot . wickerman visitor for luke ! luke sit up from he bunk , stare at the wicker , unmove , amaze . gambler ( o.s. ) Steve . you mother 's here ! angle on luke as he get up . behind he loudmouth Steve get up , toss down he sex book resentfully : loudmouth steve jeez ! she never let I alone . tramp you oughta be glad you get somebody . Steve toss he a finger as he leave . alibi my wife have not be here for a month . she must be sick again . she 's have this condition of the liver for ... tattoo alibi , can not you never say nothin ' without explainin ' it ? carr say you even explain when you get up at night . ext . camp gate ( day ) by the picnic table set up for visitor . in far b.g. , we see luke come out of the door and start across the yard toward the gate , where he be shake down and permit to exit , move down to the table . a few foot from the end of the table , boss godfrey sit in a kitchen chair , he hand discreetly cross over the pistol in he lap . his mirror eye play over the scene . loudmouth Steve , he mother -- a desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other prisoner and visitor occupy the background . park next to the table be a truck . in the bed lie luke 's mother , arletta . she be propped up on pillow and wedge in for travel . the whole back be set up as for a chronic invalid , everything within reach , etc . she smoke incessantly . nearby , luke 's brother and he nephew , JOHN - boy , a kid of twelve , enormously impressed with the sight and the gun and dog , etc . luke comin ' out here , boss ? boss paul ( by the gate ) yeah . come on out , luke . a few foot outside the gate , Jackson reach for the boy , pat he on the head . shake hand in pass with he brother , who be unmistakably a farmer , and stand in the doorway look at he mother . she lie on she side craning to see he . luke how would you find I ? arletta helen , she send along you thing with a note , and John here , he write to the police . luke yeah . well. ( to godfrey ) gettin ' up here , boss . godfrey just look at he , say nothing . luke well , arletta , I get to stand down here . arletta I allus hope to see you well fix and have I a crop of grandkid to kiss and fuss around with . luke like to oblige you , arletta , but right off I do not know where to put my hand on them . arletta sometimes I wisht people be like dog , luke . come a time , a day like , when the bitch just do not recognize she pup no more , so she do not have no hope nor love to bring she pain . she just do not give a damn . they let you smoke ? luke smokin ' it up here , boss . boss godfrey nod . he light cigarettes for she and for himself . luke yeah , well , arletta , you do you best . what I do with myself be my problem . arletta no it hai not , luke . you be not alone . ever whar you go , I be with you , and so 's John . luke you never think that 's a heavy load ? arletta we allus think you be strong enough to carry it . be we wrong ? luke give she the cigarette , and smile at she . luke no . but thing be not always like they seem , arletta . you know that . a man 's gotta go he own way . arletta well , I do not know , I just wash my hand of it , I guess I just get to love you and let go . she catch he hand as he put the cigarette between she lip . luke yeah . arletta what be you doin ' here ? luke we call it abuildin ' time , arletta . arletta I be not askin ' what you will do after you get out , because I be gonna be dead and it do not matter . his mother 's disappointment in he bring Jackson a real twinge of pain here . he try to change the subject . luke you never want to live forever anyways , do you ? it be not such a hell of a life . arletta oh , I have I some high old time . yore old man , luke , be not much for stickin ' around , but damn it he make I laugh . luke yeah , would of be nice to of know he , the way you talk about he . she 's look at he and begin to laugh , lose control and cough to the point it alarm John and Jackson and they have to help she . she pay no attention to the cough . arletta he would ... he would of ... break you up . she quiet after the fit and lie back , tired . arletta you think life be some kind of ocean voyage and you start out with buntin ' and hollerin ' and high hope , but the damn ship go down before you ever reach the other side . luke ? luke here , Mom . arletta what go wrong ? luke nothin ' . ever'thing 's cool 's can be . arletta no . luke try to live always just as free and aboveboard as you be , and well , they be not that much elbow room . arletta be look hard into he eye as he speak . she reach out to he again ... arletta you allus have good job , and that girl in kentucky I take a shine to she . luke she take off with that convertible feller ... arletta well , why not ? idee of marryin ' get you all choke up , try to pretend you be respectable you be borin ' the hell out of all of we . luke ( grin at she ) yeah . arletta I be leavin ' the place to John . luke that 's good : he earn it . arletta nothin ' to do with it . I be not never give John the kind of feelin ' I give you , so I be payin ' he off now . do not feel you get to say anything . Way it be , sometimes , you just have a feelin ' for a child or you do not , and with John I just do not . offstage whistle luke gotta go , arletta . arletta ( recover ) laugh it up , kid . you will make out . she knead he hand and subside onto she bed . luke turn away from she to face John , who have stand by . godfrey be on he foot . the other man be get up and say goodbye to visitor , pick up they package , etc. , and among they be a chain man , he chain drag , hold they up with a string . the kid stand by John look at the chain clinking past ... JOHN - boy why can not you have chain ? luke look up at John , sr. with amusement . JOHN - boy uncle luke ? two shot luke and JOHN , sr . JOHN John - Boy look to you . you be a hero . he 's braggin ' on you all over the county . luke ( thoughtful ) yeah . JOHN you must have really flung a binge this time . you really hit that cop ? luke ( not like the smug pride in John ) much as I would like to oblige you , John , I do not hit the cop . ( beat ) she 's in pretty bad pain , be not she ? JOHN ( nod ) fulla dope , luke . luke keep it with she all the time . let she have all she want . they understand each other . luke chuck John - Boy under the chin , then stop , look at John , kneel beside he . two shot luke and JOHN - boy luke you do not want to admire they chain , John - Boy . they be not medal . you get they put on for makin ' mistake . ( beat ) and if you make a really bad mistake , then you get to deal with the man ... and he be one tough old boy . there p.o.v. godfrey stare at they , he glass mirrore . back to they luke so long , arletta . take care . arletta' voice you know it , kid . John hold luke for a beat and reach into the truck and pull out a batter banjo which he give luke . JOHN now there 's nothin ' for you to come back for . arletta' truck leaving down the road , kick up dust . barrack in b.g . ext . highway with yoyo support ( day ) cut away at the time ... dissolve to : int . barracks ( night ) luke sit on he bunk plunk aimlessly at the banjo . the barrack be quiet , a air of [ ... ] . suddenly there be a unidentifiable SOUND , low , but all the head in the barrack look up , wait , silently . it have begin to rain , the big drop drumming on the roof . it begin to fall heavily . there be move slam around the building as outside the guard slam the storm shutter . it be hot , oppressive . alibi I guess they have to close that thing , or we would drow . but it 's really suffocating . tattoo talk about drownin ' , I do some trainin ' on a submarine once . Boy , when you be under there you really feel it . loudmouth steve shut up , man . it 's too hot to talk . the air be stifling , desultory . out of boredom , dragline turn to dynamite . dragline you see mah skinny lid boy at chow tonight . he be match you plate for plate . dynamite I be not feelin ' good . think I get a ulcer or somethin' . dragline he have a spoon like yours , he would make you look like a possum [ ...] on a tree bark . Society Red be lie on he bunk look at the bottom of the bunk above . society red oh , come on , clarence . dragline sit up and look at he aggressively . dragline what do you mean , clarence ? you callin ' I a liar ? he wait . society red not a liar . you just have a common -- and likable -- tendency toward exaggeration . dragline ( proudly ) he 's the champeen hog - gut of this camp . Hell , I see he eat ten choc'lat bar and seven cold drink in fifteen minute . he kin eat bust bottle and rusty nail , any damn thing . if you would so kindly oblige as to let I cut off you yankee head , he would even eat that . luke I can eat fifty egg . they turn to look at he as though surprised to find he there . before dragline can think he say ... dragline nobody kin eat fifty egg . society red ( to dragline ) you just say he could eat anything . dragline ( doubtfully , to luke ) you ever eat fifty egg ? luke nobody ever eat fifty egg . gambler Bet ! bet! babalugat ! dragline mah boy say he kin eat fifty egg , he will eat fifty egg . loudmouth steve yeah but in how long ? luke one hour . society red well I believe I will have to take part of that wager . dragline two buck . gambler let 's talk money . dragline awright , twenty buck . anything ! the syndicate will cover any money you get . koko , get paper . koko dragline ... fifty egg get to weigh a good six pound . dynamite ( expertly ) man 's gut can not hold that . they will swell up and bust he open . blind dick you be gonna kill he . dragline getcha money , up . gambler ! dynamite ! everybody . kokonut head here be take the money . loudmouth -- get it up ! the initial boredom of the scene be dispell -- a purpose have be create to lead they through the endless building of time . gambler how 's he gonna eat them ? luke ( cut in ) boil for fifteen minute . then peel . I eat all fifty in one hour . Men be all around dragline and koko now with money and wager . koko be frantically scribbling . dragline koko , write down they name , do not just make mark . society red one rule ! no throw up . he throw up , you forfeit everything . dragline you ever see mah boy throw up ? shut you mouth and put up you money ! koko be on the floor now with babalugat beside he , assort papers , hand out betting receipt . dragline turn to luke . dragline why would you have to say fifty ? why not thirty - five or thirty - nine ? luke fifty 's a nice round number . dragline damn , luke . what 's the matter with you ? what 's the matter with I ? luke ( winking ) nothin ' to worry about . we get a deadlock on that mullet . ext . prison yard moving two shot ( day ) luke and dragline jog around the yard like roadwork for a boxer and trainer . dragline what do I do ? stole and tole lie . I love mah neighbor and he wife , but what do I do to deserve this lunatic to come in mah happy home and beat I outa hard earn bread . luke ( grin ) we get it lock in the sock . dragline yeah , I know . but what we gotta do first be stretch that l'il ol ' belly of yours -- git it all strain out , in fightin ' shape , like a barrage balloon . luke you ol ' sack of gut . I have a belly like yours , we would not have nothin ' to worry about . dragline ( consider paunch ) ' atsa sign I get I a affectionate nature . luke like a elephant . dragline ( grin ) we elephant may be a lil slow , like in makin ' love , but you give we a coupla three day to really get with it a ' man -- stand back ! luke grin . luke in the chowline take enormous helping . dogboy lookit this hot gut , boss . here 's a man go bust the State feedin ' he face . boss higgins wisht I could eat like that . luke thing about bad food , you get to eat a lot of it . omitted luke he sit in a yoga position , rippling he stomach muscle miraculously . koko and gambler pop into the shot to watch with amazement . int . mess hall ( night ) luke refuse food . he move to he place , sit before he empty plate . int . barracks ( night ) as dragline stop in front of the wicker man . dragline boss ! man need a brown bomber and a dose of salt . instant uproar of protest . society red rule Committee ! rule Committee ! alibi nobody say nothin ' about that ! loudmouth steve same as dopin ' a race horse ! sleepy it do not sound right . tattoo you can not do that ! dragline you jes ' watch we ! blind dick Fair 's fair . koko get a right to start with a clear gut ! dynamite man can not eat that much no matter -- loudmouth steve you can not just change the rule any way you want ! all of this be overlap : dragline walk through they carry the pile and cup of salt pass out from the wicker , ignore it all . int . kitchen jabo , the cook , be lowering the sack of egg into huge pot of boil water . carr stand by with a watch , timing . outside the open door be dragline , dynamite and gambler watch tensely . dragline take it easy now , jabo . they be egg , not they cathead biscuit . jabo I know what egg look like . I be not see any around here for three year , but I remember . angle on barracks door ( day ) as a file of man carry the still - steaming egg in they hat from the yard into the building . rabbit ( add on a scrap of paper ) I have get it figure . if he eat a egg a minute , he 's get 10 minute leave to swaller they . chief I just get send five buck from the rodeo company . rabbit what for ? chief a bull I fall off . int . barracks as the line of man reach the poker table and begin stack up the egg . the rule Committee sit around the table leave one side for luke . it 's all set up with towel , etc . they be count egg carefully , pile they in pyramid . dragline pick up a egg and crack it smartly on the table . again uproar ... dragline awright ! stand back , you pedestrian , this be not no automobile accident ! alibi you be peel he egg ! dragline that 's right , mister alibi . society red he peel the egg himself . that 's understand . dragline you jus ' may be great at hangin ' paper around the big city , but we country boy be not entirely brainless . when it come to the law , nothin ' be understand . loudmouth steve who make what law about peel he egg ? dragline I be he trainer , I be the syndicate what 's coverin ' all bet , and I be he official egg peeler . society red just wait till the hour start , that 's all . the champion enter and the talk die . he 's naked from the waist . he do some side - straddle hop and deep - knee bend . his stomach be markedly concave . he , drying himself from a shower , walk to the fragment of mirror on the wall and comb he hair , study he image a second and , at last ready , move to the table and sit down . luke ( ingeniously ) what 's goin ' on ? dragline jump up and give a second 's rubdown to luke 's shoulder . there be a flurry of last minute betting , and then silence . everybody gather around . luke shuffles he foot , twitches he toe . one egg from the pile be peel and in front of he . carr wait , he eye on he wrist watch , he other hand up in the air , and all eye rest on that hand . all eye drop as the hand drop . dragline grab egg and peel they , he finger flicker , the shell fly . luke pick up the peel egg and eat it in a gulp . cut of luke , dragline , reaction luke he 's eat very fast . society red ( keep a write tab ) one , two , three ... ( continue count , throughout ) koko he 's gonna lose a finger eat egg like that . dragline reach over and pop a egg into luke 's mouth , he pinkie extend , like toss a tidbit into the mouth of some animal . full shot luke in the CENTER the other stand around , motionless . dragline crack and peel and luke eat in a regular musical rhythm inexorable and horrible as it be sustained . Red be check and count off egg ... society red ... twenty -four . twenty -five , twenty - six ... luke his face bear a expression of ineffable absent pleasure as though egg remind he of something a long way away . dragline look at he , neutral ... dragline slow down a little . the group some chew fingernails , some stare , some mouth open , some stand with unlight cigarettes in they mouth , stare . some have eye shut , they lip silently count with Red . society red ... thirty , thirty - one , thirty - two . luke he stop and stand up , stretch . his stomach bulge as though he be pregnant . slowly he walk across the barrack toward the water faucet . dragline stand look after he , alarmed . luke slowly bend over and wash he mouth out , not take a drink . he stand , turn , walk up and down , do some exercise . silence , no one else move . he walk back , look at the egg , make a expression of distaste . he turn away and do some more exercise . gambler move over very close to he . luke be go up and down , up and down do knee bend . gambler try to look into he eye , examine he stomach , listen to he wind . luke stick out he tongue obligingly for a check . gambler stand up . society red eighteen to go ! there be a flurry of last - minute betting lead by onionhead 's examination . koko , babalugat beside he , be the teller . gambler he 's have it . I be throwin ' in my last tenner . sleepy appear , as do tramp , to make beta . blind dick he do not look good . dynamite ( expertly ) man 's gut can not hold more and that . gambler oh you gonna come crawlin ' around beggin ' for a cold drink , drag . you boy be do for ! mechanic have be study luke as if he be a ail carburetor . mechanic ( quietly to dragline ) if I give you a dollar and he do not eat all fifty egg , I get two dollar ? dragline mechanic ! dragline put he arm around mechanic 's shoulder affectionately . dragline you be a sweet old boy and I do not like to see you pick up no bad habit . better use that dollar to buy yourself a new spark plug or something . but as long as you do take a stand , why do not you put some money where you mouth be ? not no measly buck ! mechanic all I get be three - seventy - five . dragline it 's a bet ! koko ! I go this far , I be backin ' mah boy all the way ! come on , who 's next ? where be the big money man , I want to hear from some high roller . silence . society red I believe you have get it all , dragline . every nickel in camp be riding . dragline turn to luke and grin . luke instantly appear to recover and walk casually back to the table . it should be clear this last be a little put - on between he and dragline to milk the last money into bet . luke sit and begin eat . luke cool , confident , but as the egg be crush in he mouth the first real gag feel of total surfeit hit he . his jaw close and freeze . his eye grow desperate and swivel toward dragline , though he do not dare move he head lest he give way to nausea . dragline react . luke with a herculean effort , he swallow . society red' voice thirty -three . dragline swallow with relief . gambler move and look about , a man feel victory within he grasp . alibi carr ? what 's the time ? carr twenty - four minute to go . luke swallow another egg ; sweat burst out on he forehead . dragline signal to a second , koko , to sit in for he and peel egg . he move to luke . society red thirty -four . two shot luke and dragline as dragline stand behind he , massage he shoulder and neck , tenderly ... luke doggedly eat egg , one by one . Red count off under ... society red thirty-nine ... forty ... forty-one ... forty-two ... meanwhile : dragline come on , boy , come on , darlin' . you kin do she . just let that ol ' belly sag and enjoy itself . stay loose , buddy . eight more , between you and everlast glory . Little ol ' egg , pigeon egg , that 's all , fish egg practically . luke almost throw up , and dragline signal koko to hold up ... he get luke of he foot and begin walk he up and down the barrack ... loudmouth steve carr ? time ? carr six minute to go , dragline . dragline ( into luke 's ear ) just shakin ' it down , that 's all , settlin ' they egg down ... he sit he down , take a egg from koko and put it to luke 's lip , pursing he lip in a kiss ... dragline come on , baby ... do not be that way . open you little ol ' gator mouth . luke open he mouth , in go the egg , he chew , chew , swallow . another egg ... society red forty-four ... carr two minute to time ... dragline all right now : get mad at they egg . eat it there boy ! bite it ! gnaw on it ! society red forty-five . carr one minute , thirty second . another egg go . luke close he eye and motion to dragline ; just stuff them in any old how ! dragline that 's it , that 's how to do it , chew , chew , chew ! all egg peel , koko be up and dance wildly , and a couple of man , even though they have get nothing but everything to lose , be intoxicate beyond power to restrain themselves and be yell and jump up and down . carr one minute , fifty - five ... fifty ... forty -five ... etc . society red forty -five , forty -six , forty -seven ... so that it all come out in a near dead -heat , with dragline yell and pop in egg . at the last second before deadline , two whole egg be shove into luke 's mouth , and dragline ram luke 's mouth shut for he ... dragline all in : that 's it : chew , chew , chew ! carr Fifteen , ten , nine , eight , seven ... six ... luke look around , then take a mighty swallow , as : carr one ... zero ! luke collapse with he head on the table , he arm flung out . society red he do not swallow the last ... he grab he by the hair and pull he head back . dragline pries he mouth open with he finger . luke be out ... dragline you think so , huh ? new angle past luke's ear as they all peer down into he throat . dragline grin , look around at Society . dragline where 's the egg ? he slap luke on the cheek affectionately , close he mouth and let he head fall back on the table with a loud thump , he arm again sprawle out in the pile of egg shell . a dance of victory for dragline ... he collect all over the place . dynamite , shaking he head , quietly knight the new champion hog - gut by lay he big spoon on the table next to luke 's head . ext . road ( day ) a car roar by , leave a hint of laughter and music in the air and a cloud of dust . the man be work rhythmically . godfrey watch . angle on loudmouth steve gambler they have be observe godfrey . loudmouth steve man look like a goddamn bus driver . gambler ( yoyoing ) he get too close to I and I will cut he belly open . omitted angle on koko he see snake . koko' voice snake in the grass ! boss ! he run . Men flail at the snake in the grass with they yoyos and camera move with snake though we can not see it and we follow its progress only by the man jump , hit at it , yell . godfrey he ram he cane into the soft sand and rabbit reach into the truck cab and hand he he rifle . godfrey slam the bolt in . back to men they jump and yell and chase the snake until they reach luke , who stoops , grab cooly and come up with the snake , hold it by the tail . luke pickin ' it up here , boss ! godfrey his eye huge in the screen : luke see there in duplicate , stand tall in the sun , grin , the rattler wriggle and thrashing in he grasp . godfrey 's face hold for a long beat then the rifle be bring up so that we can now see luke clear in one lens and the other he be line up in the rifle sight point directly into the lens -- or just camera left . there be a shot and the rifle be lower enough so we can see luke in duplicate again . luke look at godfrey , grin , but a little tougher now . the snake have no head . he walk down a little and throw the body of the snake on the road at godfrey 's foot . it bring he close to where godfrey 's cane still stand in the sand . godfrey kick at the snake . he turn ... luke pull the cane out of the sand and hold it out to godfrey . luke do not forget you walk stick , boss . godfrey turn to face he and stare at he . luke just hold the stick out to he . godfrey slowly take the bolt out of the rifle , look down the barrel , blow the smoke out , put the bolt in he pocket and hand the gun back to rabbit before finally reach out and take the stick from luke . he turn and walk away . luke you shore can shoot , man . godfrey 's shoulder almost jerk as though at every word he be be hit with invisible bullet . sky cloud thunder lightning ext . road dragline luke work . dragline luke , why you actin ' so strange ? what you wanna do something ' like that for ? you go too far when you mess with the man with no eye . you gonna be outa here in a little bit -- why not you jus ' take it a little easy ? luke have be stare up at the darken sky which be grow more ominous with clash cloud and roll thunder . luke man , it look like the Big boss be get ready to let we have it ! it begin to rain , large spattering drop , quickly turn into a downpour . boss paul ( o.s. ) awright , you kin git in that truck . the gang rush back into the shelter , all except luke and dragline . luke look at him go . bam ! bam ! dragline knock it off , luke ! you cai not talk about him that way . dragline begin to move off toward the truck . luke you still believe in the Big bearded boss , drag ? you think he 's up there watch we ? he grin at dragline and then , after a beat , raise he bush axe straight up to the sky , grin at dragline . angle on dragline he be frighten as he back off toward the truck . dragline get in here ! ai not you scared -- be not you scared of dyin' ? angle on luke the rain be torrential . he have to shout to be hear . luke dyin ' ? he can take back this nice pretty life any time he want . ( look up ) you welcome to it , Old timer . come on ! make I know you be up there ! kill I or love I , one or the other . he hold he bush axe again , laugh , soaking wet . reverse back of truck the man jamme into the frame of the body , a frieze of shocked face stare out at he through the rain . there be a blind flash of lightning and a thunderous roar . they wince but do not turn away . luke he smile and lower the bush axe , walk toward the truck . luke standin ' out here in the rain ! all alone ! talkin ' to myself . he smile a little shameface , rueful , sad smile and climb into the truck and the man draw back from he . angle through the windshield of the truck parked behind godfrey see dimly through the rain-mist windshield . ext . yoyo shimmering in the SUN transitional device ( day ) int . barracks ( night ) it be the free hour . but instead of the poker game , dragline , luke and koko sit at the table deal with they line of debtor from the egg-eate . koko act as secretary , change the amount as the man pay off or borrow more . as blind Dick receive he money and leave : dragline ( to koko ) blind Dick be payin ' we off three and borrowin ' back five . next ! it be tattoo . dragline borrowin ' or payin ' back ? tattoo borrowin ' . dragline mister cool Hand here be the soft heart in we loan Department . next ! on carr at the wicker ( night ) he have just be hand a telegram by the wicker man . he read it impassive as always , while in b.g. , the business continue and we hear : society red' voice I believe I still owe you thirty . I do not suppose you would take a check . tattoo' voice ( to luke ) my navy disability do not come yet . you know how it be . carr finish read and we follow he as he walk to the table . luke sure do ... that 's why we do not bet with the navy . dragline oh , that 's mah darlin' luke . grin like a baby and bite like a ' gator . carr set the telegram on the table next to luke . carr sorry , luke . luke pick up the telegram and read . then he set it down , stand and go to he bunk . dragline look after he , take up the telegram and hand it up to Society Red . society red ( after read ) his mother 's dead . angle on loudmouth steve as he see luke go to he bunk , he pick up he sex book and move down to the other end of the barrack . alibi do the same with the cigarette papers and tobacco he have be roll . angle on luke sit on he bunk , bare foot tuck up beneath he draw - up leg , softly pick out a slow hymn melody on he banjo . tear slowly stream down he cheek . angle on carr as luke continue play softly . he walk down to the other end of the barrack , too . full shot barracks all of the other man be congregate at the other end , give luke what privacy they can . there be no conversation , only the slow , plaintive pluck of the banjo . angle on luke close play , the tear coursing . new angle on luke in he bunk now , stare wet -ey up at the ceiling . carr voice fifty , boss . wickerman' voice fifty , awright , carr . ext . mess hall ( pre -dawn ) as the man pour out they see that the light on the box be burn , a nightshirt be hang on the fence . they usual hurry - up pace be slowed to a nervous , apprehensive gait . boss paul awright , git line up here . angle on captain porch he have be watch , rock . as the man line up , he get up and go down the step toward the yard . captain be p.o.v. push the gate open , move in front of boss Paul , face the man . captain luke , fall out . luke step forward , pull off he shirt and jacket . he step behind the latticework screen to take off he pants as the Captain speak . captain voice ( emotionless ) when a man 's mother die and he git to thinkin ' about she funeral and payin ' respects , before he know it he mind be not right and he 's get rabbit in he blood and run . we be keepin ' you off the road fer awhile . he have say all he have to say . he walk off . full shot luke and the men they be watch he slip on the nightshirt . boss Kean open the box . boss kean ( to luke ) ah be jus ' doin ' mah job , luke . you gotta appreciate that . angle on luke in BOX luke boss , when you do something ' to I you better do it because you get to or want to ... but not because it 's you damn job . angle on kean his eye narrow . the box door slam . greyness . boss paul' voice ( o.s. ) awright , let 's move it out ! and o.s. the sound of the man count through the gate and the truck engine cough . ext . road dawn ( night ) the bull gang truck pull out . in b.g. the barrack and the light over the box . ext . camp the bull gang truck stop . the back be open and the man jump out , line up and begin count off through the gate . in b.g. as they count be luke 's voice sing . close on dragline he smile ... oh that luke ! close on boss godfrey listen to the mock voice . ext . barracks it be the next morning . the tire iron sound . carr voice first bell ! first bell ! let 's go ! the figure of boss Paul and boss Seven go to the box . Seven carry luke 's food . int . BOX paul be p.o.v. as it be open . the dimness of the overhead bulb illuminate luke . luke shut the door , boss . you be lettin ' in a draft . angle on paul his face corrode in fury . boss paul git on you foot ! ah be gonna teach you some respect right now ! furiously he try to cane luke with he walk stick . but the cramped quarter restrict he . the cane clang wildly against the side of the box as luke crouch in a corner , cover he head . angle on luke protect , as boss Paul retreat . the box door slam ! greyness . ext . barracks ( afternoon ) as the bull gang count in after the day 's work . the light on the box still burn . no sound from luke . close on dragline he look worried . ext . barracks ( night ) the tire rim sound and the man scurry for they bunk . carr voice last bell ! last bell ! ( the pace of he step ) forty-nine , boss . and one in the box . wickerman' voice forty -nine and one in the box . right , carr . ext . barracks ( pre -dawn ) boss Paul , carry a shotgun , and boss Seven be open the box . in b.g. the tire rim sound . carr voice first bell ! first bell ! let 's go ! and the uproar of the man get out of they bunk , hurry to dress and line up by the chute . int . BOX close shot luke's p.o.v. as the door open and the double muzzle of boss Paul 's shot - gun stare . boss paul be p.o.v. luke be stand at the rear of the box , he arm cross over he chest , he eye slightly wild , he face dirty and stubble . in b.g. the SOUND of rudolph , the pet bloodhound puppy , yipping . luke's p.o.v. Paul 's gun draw back . boss Seven hand Paul a heavy biscuit , grin . rudolph be sniff , nip at Paul 's trousers , smell the biscuit . boss paul you look hongry , luke . ( toss biscuit in he hand ) reckon this would taste mighty good , but rudolph look pretty hongry , too . why do not we split it with the pooch , okay ? he break the biscuit and dangle half over rudolph who nip and bark for it . boss paul ( feed rudolph ) tha 's a good boy . ( to luke ) well , here 's you piece , luke . on luke he speak in a low , uneven voice . luke might as well give it all to he , boss . I just be not much hungry . on boss paul livid with rage , he slam the door ! greyness . ext . laundry fence close on laundry flying over fence ( afternoon ) as laundry boy try to catch the fly sheet , pants and shirt be toss by the man . behind he we see the steaming , pump clean machine . ext . yard ( afternoon ) Laundry boy and machine in b.g. as boss Kean and boss Seven go to the box . boss Seven carry luke 's shoe and a freshly clean set of state issue . the man turn . int . BOX ( afternoon ) as the door open . luke look up . Kean 's face stare down , not unkind . luke move forward . omitted ext . BOX ( afternoon ) as luke emerge , Kean behind he . boss kean ( gently ) she 's in the ground now , luke . best forget about it . you get a day ana half lay - in ... and tomorrow 's a holiday . omitted int . barracks ( evening ) the fourth of July . all hell be break loose . four radio go , chain man jitterbugge , one of the man have a mouth harmonica , another pluck luke 's banjo . a lemonade barrel be in a corner and man dip into it with coke bottle ; other be bang together bottle as instrument , play comb , etc . angle on alibi and dynamite just fill they bottle with lemonade . alibi ( toast ) happy fourth of July . sleepy same to you . alibi Boy , if anyone have tell I where I be go to be spend Independence Day ... ( shake he head ) on music maker , other most of they be concentrate in front of luke 's bunk , sing and scream , try to make as much noise as possible . tattoo be read a new sex book aloud while dynamite , loudmouth Steve , other listen intently , some avid , some confuse . tattoo ( read ) wanda tremble , face by this awesome decision . it be the moment of choice . could she take the plunge and wantonly hurl herself into pagan abandon ? or would she remain ever fettere by the bond of she puritanical upbringing ? could she take this chance to experience the sensual thrill of total release and gratification ? or would she turn she back and retreat into frigid denial ? desire and fear , temptation and terror , yearn and horror , war within she beautiful young body ... luke be not to be see among the music-maker and reveller . move through the crowd , the camera find luke on he hand and knee , saw at the floorboard with a piece of hacksaw . angle on carr as the tire iron sound and sound again to be hear over the din . carr first bell ! let 's git to bed . you do have you fun . the singer and music-maker around luke finish they song , reach a high , pierce , noisy crescendo . at the same time , dragline have be read another sex book to stupid blondie , blind Dick and Chief who be try to act out the description , tie themselves into a intricate anatomical knot . dragline ( read ) she move she head another inch while he reach up and put he leave hand on Carol 's cheek as Carol press she lip to ... oh Lord , I can not read it ! he wriggle , panting with eye-popping pleasure , attract carr 's attention . stupid blondie , rabbit and Chief be still try to untie themselves . dragline carr. lookit this . oh I do not believe it . carr what you get there , drag ? you buy yourself another of they dirty book ? intrigue , carr sit down on dragline 's bunk and follow dragline 's finger point out the lascivious part . he be quickly absorb . angle on dragline he look over toward luke who can be see between the leg of the surround man , poise , wait to drop down into the hole . dragline wink . angle on luke he wink back , grin and disappear through the hole in the floor . angle on dragline and carr the tutor and the student . dragline here 's a real hot one ! carr read intently . on the hole beneath luke's bunk gape , empty , invite . various reaction of men A. koko - suppress a giggle . B. society red - consider it , cowardly . c. alibi - tense , nervous . angle on tattoo he have be consider it , weigh he chance , he eye darting from the hole to carr , back again . now he scurries to the hole , drop inside . angle on carr , dragline as the tire iron sound . carr get up . carr awright , last bell ! the man be in they bunk , carr begin to make he count . as he come to tatto 's bunk : wicker man' voice hey , carr ! what' that outside ? carr rush to the window . carr somebody 's on the fence , boss ! ext . yard on the fence it be tattoo , half - way up the fence , startle by the clamor as the wicker man whale the go . he fall back down , start up again , dog barking . ext . yard new angle as guard come run from the Captain 's house , the dog howling . on tattoo frantically try to get up the fence , fall down , start to run , see the guard approach with gun and cane , turn to the other direction : more guard . caught like a rat , eye wild with fear , he make terrify motion to go in one direction , then the other but be roote by fear and indecision as the guard move in . he scream . int . barracks angle on wicker and door which be unlock . dogboy be dress , comb he hair , self - importantly put on he glove while the man lie in they bunk , stare contemptuously . boss Paul , godfrey and other stare with shotgun levele from the wicker . boss paul who else ? carr have be tear a sheet off luke 's bed . carr Jackson . he cut a hole in the floor , boss . he hand the sheet to dogboy . boss paul he be not even get the sense to run from the road like everybody else . dogboy Blue will git he , boss . we will git that bastid , cool Hand luke . omitted ext . dog pen mo . close shot ( night ) boss Paul be unlock the pen . dogboy stand by the screen let the yapping , froth hound sniff at the sheet . boss paul Stan ' back , dogboy . git the leash here . as he open the pen , the hound rush out . dogboy grab one , boss Paul grab another but Big Blue , the lead hound , have the scent and he bolt , howling and tear off . dogboy Blue ! come back here ! come back , I say . ext . swamp ( night ) luke , smile , run like hell through the murky water . in b.g. Blue 's bay . ext . swamp ( night ) Blue in pursuit , sniff , dash , on the trail . ext . swamp ( night ) dogboy with the other dog be pull through the muddy , murky , thickly - foliage swamp . behind he , wading unhappily through knee - deep water be boss Paul , higgins and Shorty . ext . abandoned railroad station night ( later ) boss Paul be on the phone to the Captain , boss higgins and Shorty sit disconsolate , dirty , wet , exhaust . only dogboy be still eager , two hound by he foot , listen in the distance to the howl of Blue bay . dogboy listen to Blue sing . she 's on to he . she say : get he . boss shorty hail , that dog be jus ' runnin ' in circle . boss paul ( return from phone ) Captain say to wait ' till the patrol git here . dogboy ( listen to Blue ) she 's on to he . you shoulda wait fer I to git she out -- loose like she be , he kin run she crazy . boss paul it be not my fault you do not know how to handle you dog . dogboy how my suppose to handle a dog someone jus ' let loose ? boss higgins I be beat . this be not mah job , nohow . boss shorty I neither . a highway patrol car pull up . boss paul here 's the patrol . dogboy ( pull up dog ) she 's get he ! you hear that ? higgins and Shorty shake they head wearily . officer ( to dogboy ) okay , let 's get start . ext . farm country ( pipeline ) ( night ) luke step under and through the pipeline support and vanish . in b.g. Blue 's plaintive howling . ext . farm country ( pipeline ) day ( dawn ) dogboy move across the scene with he pack of dog , have trouble follow through the support . the Officer behind he . close shot dogboy plodd along , exhaust , yanking at the dog as they pull in different direction . dogboy come on , rudolph , Austin , you no good buncha chicken - eater , we be lookin ' for a man . we get we a job to do . ext . BUSH by fence ( near railroad track ) ( day ) luke carefully slip through the barb , run a few yard , slip back through again , run a few yard , return to the other side . ext . BUSH by fence ( near railroad track ) day ( later ) dogboy with he pack and the Officer . in b.g. Blue be howling , the dog be baying frantically . it be with trouble that dogboy and the Officer get through the fence , pull by the eager dog . then they must cross it again . officer you dog be crazy . dogboy he keep criss -crossin ' . he 's smarter and a dog . but he be not get we box yet ... Blue will get he . omitted ext . railroad bridge day a trestle build of creosote timber . the dog reach it , break up into a milling , confuse mass . dogboy wrestle they out of the trestle . in b.g. as always , Blue 's plaintive baying . angle on bridge as dogboy fight the dog to get they across . angle on far side of bridge as dogboy haul at the dog who be pull in different direction . close shot dogboy exhaust , disappointed , look around , puzzle . new angle the dog be confuse , seem to mill around aimlessly . dogboy ( almost in tear ) dammit. ( call ) Blue ! Blue ! no answer . ext . farmland orchard tracking shot of luke run through the thick overhead cover . it be like a jungle . pulling up slowly to helicopter shot , we see that the cover be only a small patch of foliage and on the other side be a huge panorama of roll , empty moor - like country in which , after a moment , luke enter , a tiny figure , run free . ext . camp ( late afternoon ) the man be come out of the mess hall , wash they spoon , about to line up for inspection . a highway patrol car pull up outside the gate ; from the back seat come the yipping of dog . every head turn . the Captain move from he rocker and start down the porch . boss Paul and godfrey move toward the car . close on patrol car ( late afternoon ) as the Officer ( see at the railroad station ) get out and open the front door . he nudge a sleep , grizzle figure who emerge . it be dogboy . the back door be open and rudolph and the other small dog leap out , cavort , glad to be home . then the Officer and dogboy go to the trunk . the Officer open it . dogboy reach in and carry out -- the body of Big Blue . stagger with fatigue , tear in he eye , dogboy stumble up to the Captain . dogboy look , cap and . look what he do to Blue . he 's dead , cap and . Dead ! run hisself plumb to death . that crazy sadis cool Hand luke run she ' till she heart bust . angle on dragline koko dragline he make it . ext . barracks ( night ) carr voice forty-eight , boss . one in the box and one in the bush . ext . road the bull gang be work at the bottom of a high embankment and the guard stand on the road high above they head , look down , shotgun out now , alert . the man work away at a rackety pace . ext . godfrey' eye ( day ) as he turn at the SOUND of a distant motor approach and the image of a car come closer enlarge in he glass . ext . road the car pull up beside the guard and the door open . the Captain step up to the road edge and look down . he say something to boss Paul . boss paul awright , hold it ! the man stop work , puzzle , look up . then from the car a guard escort luke to the edge of the pavement . luke grin down at the man sheepishly . his prison uniform be filthy and tear , he hand be cuffed behind he back , he face be dirty and stubble . ext . road pan reaction of men they be stunne , sadden . angle on luke , captain , guard behind luke be godfrey , Paul , boss six and Seven and the Captain . Kean and Shorty flank the gang . the gun be hold levell at the man . one guard uncuff luke 's hand ; other produce a sledge hammer , ballpeen hammer and a set of leg iron from the Captain 's car . two guard kneel before luke and begin hammer on the iron . silence except for the hammering and clinking . luke be silhouett , a tall , straight figure on the low horizon . the Captain look directly ahead . captain ( to luke ) you gonna get use to wear they chain aftera while , luke . but do not you never stop listenin ' to they clinkin' . that 's gonna remind you of what I be sayin' . luke yeah , they sure do make a lot of cold , hard , noise , Captain . the Captain feed he fury stare , then reach out he hand and boss Paul lay the blackjack in it . as the chain guard finish and stand up , tremble with rage , the Captain take a convulsive step forward and bring the sap down behind luke 's ear . as luke tumble down the litter embankment toward the man : captain do not you never talk that way to I ! you hear ? you hear ? never ! his rage subside and he voice become calm , reasonable . captain ( to the man ) what we get here be a failure to communicate . some man you can not reach , that be they just do not listen when you talk reasonable so you get what we have here last week , which be the way he want it , well he get it , and I do not like it any better than you man . nodding curtly , the Captain get back in he car . someone throw a shovel down the embankment . it clatter until it land beside luke . dragline and the other be by he side , help he to he foot . above godfrey stare down at they . angle on dragline , luke and other dragline awright , buddy . you be awright . you give them a run for they money . jus ' take it slow and easy , baby . you gonna make it fine . as luke try to get he bearing , someone thrust the shovel into he hand and they get he go like a rusty piece of machinery . dragline come on , buddy . show them you be awright . luke seem to nod and begin to work slowly . the other back away , glance fearfully at the guard , go back to work , quiet and sullen . angle on luke he be work with great difficulty , stiff , tired , aching . boss kean's voice awright , let 's eat they bean . luke stumble gratefully toward the chowline . on the chowline dogboy dish it out to luke . dogboy be gleeful , gloat . dogboy I know they would git you . with they chain a a bonus of a coupla year , you runnin ' day be over forever . ah would like to see you try to run agin . you gettin ' so you smell so bad , I could track you myself . luke for a natural bear son of a bitch like you , that oughta be easy . new angle the men as luke settles down with he bean , the other find spot around he so he be the focus of the group . we see tattoo in chain , forlorn . luke wolf he food hungrily . dragline jus ' take it slow , buddy . koko ( unable to restrain himself ) what happen ? how far do you get ? dragline shut up . let he eat . do not pay they no mind , boy . tattoo ( urgently ) I gotta know -- how ... how would they get you ? luke ( between mouthful ) topflight police work . gambler tell we about it . blind dick you steal a car ? luke yeah , find one in this supermarket , key in the ignition . koko well , how far didya get ? luke ( eat ) fat mile and a half . hit this red light , highway patrol pull up alongside . loudmouth steve didya fight it out with he ? luke nope . I jus ' keep lookin ' straight ahead wait for that light to change . and he keep lookin ' over , wonder what something ' that look like I be doin ' drivin ' a shiny new car . alibi and then ...? luke then he lean over and see this state issue ... all there be to it . feller 's probably a lieutenant by now . luke continue to shovel in he bean . the man be clearly disappointed . only dragline understand . dragline well now we jus ' gonna lay low and build time and afore you know it the heat will be off you and thing be back where they be . right , sweet buddy ? luke wink and slap dragline affectionately on the cheek . during this last , luke have be idly wind a piece of kite string find on the ground beside he . as , idly , he shove it into he pocket . angle on boss kean later the gang have resume work , Kean stand look out at the horizon , not talk directly to luke , just lean on he gun , follow luke whenever he move , he voice as calm and secure as a priest in he study . boss kean ah hear tell you do not believe in no God , luke . ah be wonderin ' how come a nice lookin ' feller like you come to get put on the hard Road . but now ah reckon ah know . ah be on the Road gang for twenny - two year , luke , and in all that time I be not never kill no white man but I be not afeerd to cause a body have to do he work . and I be not never see no man that be not afeerd to die neither . luke ' scuse I , boss . do not mean to interrupt ... but ... catch short here . boss Kean be stunne . boss kean ( slow , dangerous ) awright , luke . thas okay ... you go on up there in they tree . man 's gotta have some privacy sometime . but you grab a bush and keep shakin ' it , hear ? jes ' so we know you be there . jes ' keep shakin ' that bush . luke yes , boss . he begin to trot off , awkward in he chain . Kean look at godfrey who snap he finger to dogboy , a gesture that mean rifle . dogboy run to the truck and bring back the rifle which godfrey load and arm with the bolt from he pocket . angle on luke slowly walk off into the rough grass , he chain catch on brush and stump . he disappear behind a large bush . close shot godfrey luke 's bush be in distance . he raise the gun to he shoulder and fire . reverse he p.o.v. the bush shake , we can not see luke . luke I be shakin ' it , boss . I be shakin ' it ! we see the dust kick up behind the stump and another shot . luke still shakin ' it , boss . close shot godfrey impassively : shoot again , aim . reverse he p.o.v. the bush go on shaking . then it stop . godfrey caught load . he bring up the rifle fast , fire . close the BUSH it be still . full shot the gang stop work , look up stunne . angle on boss kean and godfrey a long beat of shock -- they ( and we ) think godfrey 's hit he . boss Kean trot hurriedly up to the bush . angle by the BUSH boss Kean appear , look down and off . camera adjust so we see what he see : a piece of kite string tie to the bush and lead off into the brush . boss kean damn ! he turn and rush back down toward godfrey , other . boss kean he 's go ! git the dog ! ext . dirty road ( day ) it be a rutte country road with farm on both side . luke appear , a filthy wide - eye , stumbling , bearded beast in filthy uniform and chain . pan with he past sharecropper 's village of ramshackle hut , rusted junk . a old negro woman see luke and go inside , close the door . pan with he to a General store where a old negro man watch , quickly retreat inside leave only two small negro boy ( BEN and lawrence ) stare at luke as he shamble toward they . lawrence ( look at chain ) whattaya get they on for ? BEN how do you take you pants off ? luke ( smile ) well -- the best way be to take the leg iron off first . ( to lawrence ) but you be not strong enough . lawrence strong enough for whut ? luke you could not heft a axe . lawrence can , too . he 's off , run toward a house . in the distance now , we hear the dog bay , come closer . luke smile at Ben . luke what 's you name ? BEN ben. ( a beat ) have and you better take they stripe off you pants ? smiling , luke sit in the dirt and begin rip off the stripe as lawrence appear , drag a huge double - bitte axe behind he . luke ( to Ben ) you wanna see something ' funny ? go get some chili powder , pepper , curry , dry mustard and like that . a lot of it . Ben rocket off and luke turn to see lawrence , struggle mightily , attempt to bring the axe over he head and down on the chain . luke hold it ! he take the axe , set the chain up on a stump and begin to back heavily , baying of dog grow louder . lawrence no , I , I . let I do it ! lawrence cry and stomp unhappily , clouding up dust as luke sever the chain from one shackle . Ben appear with a armload of spice . BEN here 's they spice . ( look at lawrence , cry , stomping ) what 's wrong with he ? luke begin back away , scuffing he foot in the dust , pour out the spice as he go . angle on luke stop at lawrence . the bay of the dog be much closer now . luke you remember how they dog do when they get here so you can tell I about it someday . he be go . on dog in distance they be approach quickly . on village some of the people have reappear , now go back inside . angle on dog they fill the frame , milling around the empty street , sneezing , howling , stir up dust , paw at they nose . close lawrence he be peeping from a corner . his tear stop and he smile . ext . road closeup yoyo transitional device ( day ) ... cut away at the time . int . cage truck ( process ) ( day ) as it pass the negro Church . dragline's voice thas the church . after he chop off that old chain and whilst he be layin would down the pepper -- gambler' voice I hear it be curry powder . dragline's voice it be pepper and curry powder and dry mustard . now shut you face . whilst he be layin ' down they spice , luke hear they choir practicin ' in there . so he just saunter inside , cool 's kin be , and sung along with they ... my baby luke ... and he be still singin ' when the dog come by , sing and grin and eatin ' the food the people have brung he . ext . road transitional device ext . road ( day ) the bull gang at the end of bean time . boss paul' voice awright , let 's git to work . dragline and the other deposit they chow plate , pick up they yoyos and start to work . dragline he be not eat bean fer lunch . koko he 's eatin ' steak and corn with butter and green bean and ... loudmouth steve ... fry clam , pizza , chocolate , malt milkshake . society red ( yoyoing ) ... and a Brown bomber . dragline ( yoyoing ) shut you mouth . he 's out there doin ' it for all of we . omitted int . barracks ( day ) it be Saturday afternoon . carr be distribute mail and package , the man cluster around ; other lie on bunk , make wallet , etc . carr magazine for you , dragline ! angle on dragline dragline sit up from he bunk , astonished . dragline magazine ? who 's sendin ' I magazine ? he look at the package . carr have toss on he bunk . dragline from mah uncle ? ah never hear from he in eight year and now he 's sendin ' I magazine . he musta go crazy . he have tear open the package , look through the magazine , which be movie fan book , lie back to flip the page . in b.g. carr be continue the mail call . suddenly dragline 's eye widen , he mouth open , but he catch himself and close it before he have reveal himself . insert the picture it be tape to page in the magazine . it show luke in a suit and tie , hold up four ace and a joker in one hand , arm around two buxom over - make stripper . on the table in front of they be a giant bottle of champagne and glass . scrawle across it be something in luke 's write . angle dragline koko society red other see dragline 's reaction , they have gather around . dragline looka that ! two of they . oh my ... koko I be dyin' . I be dyin' . dragline suddenly realize the danger and close the book so carr and the wicker man do not catch on . the other reluctantly move away . dragline casually hand the magazine to Society Red . dragline ( whisper ) what 's the write say ? society red ( open to the picture , read ) dear boy . play it cool . wish you be here . Love , cool Hand luke . dragline oh my . oh my ... give it back here ! Red surrender the magazine . dragline open it again and a look of pure bliss settles over he face . koko lemme see it ! dragline ( violently ) get away ! he look over at carr but carr have move away , be talk to the wicker man , he back to the man . koko , loudmouth Steve , gambler and the other hurriedly cluster around dragline . they voice be eager intense whisper . koko lookit the brunette ... blind dick the blonde 's gotta better set . gambler some leg . loudmouth steve they must be six foot tall . tattoo ... and the champagne . society red ( from he bunk ) domestic . tramp wonder how he get the dough . alibi he 's probably a salesman . you can make pretty good money if you know what you do in sell . gambler a salesman ! cool Hand luke a salesman ? blind dick he 's probably a gigolo . mechanic or a con artist . loudmouth steve the head of the racket . koko ( reverently ) oh lookit that brunette . dragline mah baby ! we be diggin ' and dyin ' but we boy luke be lovin ' and flyin ' . they all gaze at the picture with loving , dreamy , painful rapture . omitted int . barracks ( night ) blackass time , dull , sad , boring . koko sit idly flick card from the poker deck , man stare into space . the card sail by Society Red who be clipping he nail . society red stop that . koko how about you tryin ' to make I ? society red oh for ... they slowly subside . koko dragline , lemme look at the picture . dragline ( feign innocence ) what for ? loudmouth steve yeah , drag . get it out for a look . dragline you be just a kid . whatta you know about it ? you do not wanna see that dirty picture . luke and that broad a ' all that booze . koko come on , drag . lemme take a look . dragline it would go to you coconut head . you would start get idea . maybe even pass right out . blind dick dragline ! be a buddy ! dragline how much you figure it 's worth , a peek at this here picture ? a quick look , I be not talkin ' about no memorizin ' job . koko a cold drink . dragline a cold drink ? you mean one cold drink ? to feast yore starvin ' fishy l'il eye on the picture ? a true vision of paradise itself ? with two of the angel right there in plain sight a- friskin ' round with mah boy ? koko a cold drink ? okay ? dragline well --- okay . it 's a deal . one cold drink , if and you please . in advance . one chilly bottle right here in mah hot l'il hand ... that go for the rest of you mullet-head , too . activity as the man dig out coin to purchase drink . dragline pull out the magazine and the man all gather round , gaze into it as though it be a crystal ball . suddenly the wicker door slam open and as the man look up ... there p.o.v. luke be dumped to the floor , face down , unconscious , by boss Paul , boss Kean , other . the Captain be stand there over he . luke wear a new prison uniform and two set of chain . captain ( to luke ) you run one time , you get yourself a set of chain . you run twice , you get two set . you be not gonna need no third set because you be gonna get you mind right ... and I mean right . he look at the man who be stunne by the juxtaposition of they hero in the picture and the reality of the unconscious figure before they . captain take a good look at you cool Hand luke . with he foot he prod luke over onto he back . close on luke as he roll over we can see he have be badly beat . omitted new angle the men as the Captain turn and walk out past the guard who follow , and the wicket chute clang shut , dragline , koko and other move forward and gently lift luke onto the poker table . dragline oh mah poor baby . they do you real good ... I do not know if you gonna have they gal chasin ' after you for a while ... close on luke lie , eye close . society red' voice I have get some aspirin . koko' voice they half kill he . alibi be voice he should have a doctor . dragline's voice do not you never learn nuthin ' ? they be not gonna let no doctor see what they dont to he ... angle on dragline , other dragline look up at carr who stand hover above they . dragline carr , kin we use you razor to clean up where they cut he head ? carr move off to he canteen area . close on luke as blind Dick , gambler , other move in ... gambler how you feelin' , buddy ? tramp he do not hear . tattoo somebody get he something to drink . society red here . gently he tuck two aspirin tablet into luke 's mouth , hold a cup of water to luke 's mouth . luke 's eye slowly open , he drink the water . dragline that 's my baby . koko he 's gonna be awright . new angle on men as carr move in with a razor , bandage , etc . the man clear to give he room . koko luke ?... we get the picture ! see ? he hold it up . close on luke his eye squint open , close . blind dick voice a pair of beauty . best I ever see . tattoo' voice you really know how to pick them . loudmouth steve's voice tell we about them . what be they like ? close on luke as he lip open . he speak slowly , painfully . luke picture 's a phoney ... cost I a week 's pay . new angle the men koko a phoney ? whatta you mean , a phoney ? gambler we see the broad . blind dick yeah . do you have they both at once or -- luke it 's a phoney . make it up just for you guy . loudmouth steve aw , come on . we see it all . tattoo the champagne . tramp some life . fixer you really have it make . luke nothin . I have nothin , make nothin . couple town , couple boss . laughed out loud one day and get turn in . koko ( about to cry ) but -- but -- luke that 's all there be . listen . open you eye . stop beatin ' it . and stop feedin ' off I . now get out of the way . give I some air . stun , the man shrink back . dragline he be not himself . he 's all beat up . cai not you see that ? he do not know what he sayin' . ext . road day luke be work with great difficulty , pain , weary under the double set of chain . boss Paul and Kean stand right over he , watch every move . angle on godfrey stand far behind , he mirrore eye on luke . on luke move , he stumble on the chain , get hit by Paul 's cane . boss paul you be eyeballin ' , luke . you can not gitcha mind on they weed if yer eyeballin ' ... luke ( wearily ) boss , you do not need reason to hit I . he get the cane again . boss paul gonna learn you not to back sass ! ext . the BOX ( night ) as luke be slam into it and the door be close . int . the barracks ( night ) the poker game be in progress : dragline , koko , blind Dick , gambler , tattoo with tramp behind he . Society Red stand at the window , look out as he brushes he hair . society red he will never make it . koko what be you talk about ? society red he do not know when to give in . they will kill he . koko give in ? that 's we luke out there . dragline that ole box collapse and fall apart before luke call quit . society red you luke 's get more gut than brain . koko I do not see no sign of gut in you . society red no . no chain either . koko ( heating up ) you be not man enough to wear they ! society red but you be dog enough . maybe they will let you sleep outside the box near you master . koko Big deal paper hanger ! Hell , anyone who can write can pass fifty - sixty dollar check . like breakin ' open a piggy bank . society red you have be have bad luck with master , have not you ? you last one leave you when the cop come ... and now luke . you should complain to the s.p.c.a . koko ( rush he ) you phony creep ! dragline step in to separate they . dragline awright , that 's enough . you wanna end up in the box , too ? the tire rim sound . carr voice first bell ! first bell ! int . mess hall ( night ) the man file in from work , sullen and quiet , dogboy serve but without he usual chatter . higgins lean back , unusually alert . angle on doorway suddenly luke appear , unshaven but clean up and in he uniform . the man make room as he move to he accustom place at the head of the line , before dynamite . dogboy here 's we champeen hog gut . ai not et for four day , gonna need a little extra ... well we get plenty for you ... he 's heaping food onto luke 's plate . dogboy ( continue ) now you know the rule ... gotta eat everything on the plate or go back in the box , right , boss ? higgins nod , dogboy continue to pile it on . when luke try to move on , dogboy reach out and grab the plate with he free hand and continue to ladle it out . behind dogboy , jabo , the cook , look sympathetic to luke . jabo ( to dogboy ) we be not get but one pot of stew , you know . he be not the only one eatin' . dogboy ( pile it on ) man use to free World food gotta big appetite ... so here 's some more potato and here 's some ice cream and some cake with choclat fudge sauce ... there you go , stretch that hog-belly right out . luke look at the impossibly pile plate and move off . luke at a table he be eat with great difficulty , finally put he spoon down and he eye close with weariness . koko reach over and take a bite off the plate . luke sit there and one by one the man get up and file out , each one pass behind luke and take a bite until , as deacon take the last mouthful , the plate be empty and luke stand up and leave . ext . camp yard ( day ) it be Saturday afternoon . the man have just return from the road . luke move slowly toward the barrack , dragline help he . dragline you make the week , boy . plenty of time to rest up for old Monday . they move a few foot until confront by ... there p.o.v. boss paul and boss kean boss paul luke ! Kean step forward , draw a long line in the dirt of the yard , barring the path , move three foot back and draw a parallel line . boss paul boss Kean say that 's he ditch . I tol ' he that they dirt be yore dirt . what 's yore dirt doin ' in he ditch ? luke look up at they blindly . luke ( weakly ) I do not know , boss . boss Paul cane he and the other prisoner scatter . boss Kean throw a shovel at luke 's foot . boss paul you git yore dirt outa he ditch , boy ! luke take up the shovel and start to dig . boss paul Roll ! I wanna see you roll it ! he cane luke across the back , luke dig . angle on barracks it be later . the man sit on the stoop , the usual Saturday activity . angle on luke he be hide up to he waist in the trench he have dig , about three foot deep and wide and as long as the line Kean draw . angle on men watch . angle on boss shorty walk along briskly , feign surprise at see what luke be do . he stop . two shot boss shorty and luke boss shorty luke , what you think you doin ' ? luke ( not stop ) diggin ' my dirt outa boss Kean 's ditch , boss . Shorty be carry a hoe handle with which he hit luke on the head . luke slump to the ground . boss shorty be damned iff'n you gonna put you dirt in mah yard . you hear I ? luke ( get to he foot ) yes , boss . boss shorty then git it out there . Roll it , heah ? luke begin slowly shoveling the dirt back into the ditch . boss Shorty nod with satisfaction and walk away . angle on luke ( late afternoon ) the dirt be almost all back in the ditch . a shadow fall on the dirt beside he . a walk stick fall across he buttock and he stagger to he knee . boss paul' voice ah do tell you to get yore dirt outa boss Kean 's ditch , do not ah ? luke ( get to he foot ) yes , boss . boss paul then how come it be not do yet ? luke I do not know , boss . boss paul you do not know ! he cane luke on the back of the leg . luke fall and roll over and Paul cane he across the head . luke get up on all four and make a rush right at boss Paul . he be so weak and uncoordinate that the attack do nothing but smear blood and dirt over Paul 's uniform . the guard beat luke away and he fall on he back in the soft dirt . int . barracks ( night ) the man be restless , they effort to ignore what 's happen be futile . dragline get up and look out the window into the yard . koko lean over beside he . he hold the picture . dragline's p.o.v. luke under the light , work again , slowly , dump a shovel full of dirt and have not the strength to move the shovel . momentarily , he stop move and be hit . we hear the thud and the groan he give . int . barracks ( night ) dragline go back to he bunk . we hear another thud and a cry from outside . dragline begin to whistle . koko begin to chink he chain . onionhead and dynamite join in with they chain . other prisoner rhythmically beat on bunk post . only Society Red do not join in . ext . yard ( night ) luke work . from inside we hear the music from the prisoner . boss Paul and boss Kean appear . boss paul what 's all this dirt in the yard ? luke I ... I ... I ... he can not talk . Paul hit he and he fall again on the dirt . Paul hit he again . luke please ! please ! boss paul git to work ! luke do not hit I ! please , for God 's sake , do not hit I . boss kean what be that ? what be that name you say , luke ? luke God . I pray to God you will not hit I . ( he grovel in the dirt before they , tear stream down he cheek ) I will do whatever you say , but I can not take no more . please . two shot paul and kean a trace of smile . boss paul ( kindly ) you get you mind right , luke ? close luke luke yes , boss . I get it right . on kean and paul boss paul supposin ' you be to backslide on we , luke ? supposin ' you be to backsass or try to run again ... luke no , boss ! I will not . I will not . I get my mind right . I get it right , boss . please do not hit I no more . int . barracks ( night ) the music have stop , the man listen . on koko his face tighten into a expression of contempt , hatred . he grab the picture on the bunk beside he and violently tear it in half . ext . yard luke , boss paul and kean ( night ) boss paul ( kind and reasonable ) luke , you run again and we will kill you . luke I know , I know . just do not hit I . the Captain step in -- out of the dark . he have be watch from he porch . captain okay , son . go get shave and clean up and get you some sleep . I reckon you need it . luke slowly struggle to he foot and begin painfully stumbling toward the barrack . int . barracks ( night ) as the chute open and luke stagger inside and the door be slam behind he . luke I get my mind right . I get it right . he stumble toward he bunk , pass tattoo and alibi who turn away embarrassed . luke I get my mind right . other like dragline and koko stare straight ahead , not see he ; Society Red have he back turn ; dynamite , blind Dick , loudmouth Steve meet he gaze contemptuously . luke ( collapse on he bunk ) where be you now ? I get my mind right . you hear I ? I get it right ! silence . ext . road ( day ) the gang be work . over a week have pass . luke 's wound be heal . he work in a slow , spiritless way , break . close godfrey look somehow less menace . boss paul he be sit , not even look at the man , relaxed , pull out watch look over to godfrey in b.g. godfrey nod . boss paul awright , smoke it up . the man break and sit down for smoking . boss paul luke ! Water them . without a moment hesitation , luke jog over and get the water pail and dipper from rabbit and move to the group of man . close the group as luke move around fill they cup . the man be silent , some embarrassed , some sympathetic , some confuse , some disappointed . close godfrey he signal with he cane for he rifle . on rabbit he hurry to the cab of the truck , get godfrey 's rifle . the other man , but not luke , watch as godfrey slip in the bolt , load , fire at something out in the swamp . on boss paul as godfrey take bolt out of rifle , return the gun to rabbit . boss paul go git it , luke . luke yes sir , boss Paul ! grinning , cheerful , he begin to hobble away through the swamp and grass . close angle on turtle in the muck luke 's hand come into frame and offer the head a stick . the jaw clamp down on the stick and luke lift the turtle up . full shot luke grin , hold up the turtle by the stick . luke here he be , boss . deader and hell but he will not let go . the group as luke walk back through they carry the turtle . boss paul you cut that up fer lunch , luke . luke yes , boss . he move off toward the truck with the turtle , and we hold on the disappointed reaction of the man , feature dragline . then there be the SOUND of a motor start . on the group new angle as they turn to look , as one man . the truck as luke try to get it in gear , there be the SOUND of gear grind and as the truck begin to move the bed of the dump body begin to raise . the truck begin to move past the prisoner , away from the guard . on the guard as they begin to run toward the truck , raise they gun . on dragline on he foot . dragline oh Lord ! society red that fool . that damn fool . dragline oh mah baby luke . he start to run like hell toward the truck come past . angle on guard stop to fire but bullet ricochet off the rise bed of the dump body . moving shot paralleling truck dragline run alongside try to grab the door handle . Inside luke , grin fiercely , as he drive . shot sounding . dragline get hold of the door , swing inside . hold and pan the truck off down the road until all we can see be the steel dump body . reverse the road it be litter with tool and equipment dumped from the truck body . the guard stand there , they gun empty . boss kean ( from another truck ) he 's take the key . he 's get the key ! boss Shorty poke he head out of another truck . boss shorty here , too . int . truck luke and dragline dragline we be free , luke . you terrible man . think of that . we be free . free ! over they , appear the superimposed image of godfrey 's glass , the man with no eye , watch they , deny dragline 's word . long dissolve : ext . palmetto swamp dragline be exuberantly hack away at palm frond to cover the truck while luke be filing away at he chain . dragline ( rattling frond ) shakin it here , boss. shakin it ... oh my baby luke . he laugh , shake he head in appreciation . luke ignore he , continue to file . dragline do another worshipful imitation . dragline do not hit I no more , boss ! do not hit I ! I will do anythin ' you say but just do not hit I ! oh luke . you be a original , you truly be . you really fool they . luke foolin ' , Hell ! I would have eat that dirt for they . they coulda use my head for a shovel and a my face for a broom ... they just never do get a piece of my mind . dragline and all the time you be plannin ' on runnin ' again . luke have file through the chain , stand up . luke yeah , well ... I never plan nothin ' in my life ... he toss the severe chain link into the swamp and start to walk off , dragline hurry behind he . ext . near negro village ( dusk ) luke and dragline appear , tired and cold . dragline be have trouble keep up . see this , luke stop and rest , look off at church visible in distance . dragline whoee , it 's cold . wisht I have something ' to eat . bread , grit , bean even . soon 's we get to my house , we be gonna have we one big meal and then I be gonna show you some farm girl that ... luke we be not goin ' nowhere . dragline ( confuse ) what you talkin ' about , luke ? we be together , you and I , just like always . now the thing we gotta work out be how to get koko outa there and then the terrible Trio be all complete again . man , this old free World be not gonna know which ear to stand on . luke yeah , well , you and koko kin handle it without I . dragline what you mean , luke ? luke I have do enough world - shakin ' for a while . you do the rest for I . send I a postcard about it . he get up , start off . dragline but , luke ... luke take it easy , drag . dragline luke . where you goin ? luke on my own . dragline but what be I gonna do all by myself ? ( hang head ) oh if and I have not lose mah head . I only have two more year to go . but when I see you tearin ' down with that truck ... but you right luke . we oughta split up . be safer for we both . he look up . luke be in the distance . dragline luke ? ( call out ) just the same , you be a good old boy , luke . you take care , hear ? there be no answer . omitted ext . negro village ( night ) as luke trot down the main street , pass the church . luke hey , Old man ! you home tonight ? he start across the bridge . luke if you kin spare a minute , it 's about time we have ourselves a little talk . int . church luke mount the step of the lectern , look up . luke Old man , I know I be a pretty evil feller who kill people in the war and get drunk and chop up municipal merchandise and like that . I admit be not get no call to ask for much . but even so , you be not deal I no card in a long time . I mean it 's beginning to look like you get it fix so I can not never win out . Inside or out , it 's just different boss and different rule . where be I suppose to fit in ? Old man , I get to tell you : I start out pretty strong and fast but it 's start to get to I ... when do it end ?... what you get in mind for I next ? Old man . what do I do now ? awright . on my hand and knee a skin ' . yeah . that 's what I think . I guess I be just a hardcase and I gotta find my way out myself . we hear the SOUND of vehicle outside , tell luke that the police have arrive . he start for the back just as dragline enter from the side entrance . see he , luke look up at the ceiling . luke be that you answer , Old man ? you be a hardcase too , be not you ? dragline luke , be you alright ?... they get we , boy . they be out there thicker and fly . boss and dog and sheriff and more gun than I ever see in my life . we do not have a chance , luke ... they catch up with I right after we split up and they be aimin ' to kill you , luke . but I get them to promise if you give up peaceful , they would not even whip you this time . luke ( amused ) do we even get we same bunk back ? dragline why sure , luke . I mean I do not talk to they about that . but why not ? they be reasonable , luke . Hell , we only be go a coupla hour . luke you do not understand a thing , do you , drag ? dragline luke , you get to listen to I . all you get to do be just give up nice and quiet , just play it cool . luke like I always do ? dragline thass right . just play it ... he see luke move toward the window . dragline luke , what be do doin ' ? omitted angle by window as luke step out of pitch black into the harsh light in full view , calm , slight smile , have choose he moment . his voice be loud , clear , mock : luke what we got here be a failure to communicate ... a shot ! it catch luke in the throat and throw he back , but he stay in the light , still smile . dragline luke ! ext . churchyard ( night ) on guard and police , featuring godfrey , who hold he smoking rifle . there be confuse shout and movement by the sheriff , but the Captain and the prison guard only look toward godfrey , then turn away , stoic . int . church as luke fall to one knee , try to hold himself up . dragline be by he side , help he up and to the door . ext . churchyard ( night ) where boss Kean and Paul move in to handcuff luke . dragline , see godfrey , bellow out a incoherent roar and charge past the surprised guard to knock godfrey to the ground , tear he glass from he . confused , bewilder , godfrey grope for the glass as the prison guard beat dragline into submission . angle on church ( pre -dawn ) ( night ) as luke , handcuff behind he back , be be lead toward the Captain 's car by boss Paul and Kean . he be half - paralyze , blood pour from he . the Captain have turn he back on godfrey , talk to the sheriff . sheriff you follow I and I will radio the emergency clinic to open up ... captain I be takin ' he to the prison hospital . sheriff but that 's a hour away . he be not gonna last twenty minute . captain git outa the way . he 's ours . moving shot luke as he be bring past dragline , who be be hold by several guard . tear stream down dragline 's cheek . luke look at he , still smile as he be push into the Captain 's car . luke int . the car as it begin to move out . in the b.g. across the road we see the negro villager watch , silently . the window of the car be up and the reflection on the glass make luke already dim , a little distant . moving shot the car ( dawn ) as it move down the road , over the trestle . it be the mystic hour of dawn , the sun 's ray just diffuse as we watch the car until it disappear over the rise in the road . ext . road close on yoyo ( day ) the yoyo be swinging in the sun . as the shot widen we see it be dragline , wear chain , wield the yoyo and now we see the other work around he . godfrey be go ; boss Paul be now the walk boss . the music gain strength and speed as dragline work with strong , certain grace and determination and the other also seem more vital and free as imperceptibly the camera pull back and rise slowly to : helicopter shot as the man grow smaller in the limitless field of gold stretch in all direction as far as the eye can see , intersected by four road that reach out to infinity . now the man be speck , now invisible in the field and there be only the road , line in the gold , go on forever . over this , superimpose the picture of luke , now scotch - tape together , hold and fade out : the end