cool running by Tommy swerdlow & Michael Goldberg draft : 11/23/92 be ext . high school soccer stadium , rural jamaica ~ dawn ( roll credit , a reggae version of the beatle ' " here come the SUN " kick in ) the tropical sun poke its mighty head over the lush green hill create a peaceful early morning mist that fall over a beat - up soccer field and the crude dirt track that surround it . a rooster 's crow break the eerie silence as a ghost like figure circle the track . this be no weekend jogger . this be : derice bannock , Olympic hopeful and one of the island 's top sprinter . derice have the face of a African Prince and the long fluid stride of a4 champion . he go along at a easy pace , then , before you can blink a eye , he 's sprinting down the straightaway like he be shot out of a cannon . he stretch forward as if he be break a imaginary tape . derice pull back to a jog and begin he ' victory lap ' wave to the imaginary crowd , one athlete , alone with he dream , run in the early morning mist . ext . the dirt street of a jamaican shanty town - cont 'd we. see two powerful fifty year -old women carry big basket of fruit on they head . they see someone come they way . it 's derice . he be still jogging , but this be a easier more relaxed pace than before . he break into a warm smile as he wave to the woman . derice ( with a casual salute ) Morning , lady . lady # 1 ( teasing ) faster , bannock , faster ! lady $ 2 come on , child ... you get a Olympic to get the . 2 . derice give a small laugh and go into a higher gear as he fly past the two woman . lady # 1 handsome as a lion that one . lady # 2 I could watch he bum all day . the two older woman giggle like school girl . ext . farther down the road - cont 'd as derice jog aiong , we see little kid tagging behind he . some drop off as other take they place . from derice 's Pov , we see a little snack and soft-drink stand . the sign above it read ' uncle ferte be . ' in front of the stand , joseph , a old retire fisherman play domino by himself on a wobbly card table . joseph here he come ! uncle ferte , a seventy year - old man with kind eye and leathery skin , come out from behind the stand with a bottle of water . derice grab the bottle without break stride . ferte ( call after ) go get ‘em , tiger ! ferte come over to Joseph . they watch derice run off . joseph look at he ... he run just like he father . ferte wait till the world find out we get another bannock . {end credit ) ext . blue mountain jamaica's pushcart derby — noon a nice crowd have show up for the annual ' pushcart derby 's { the jamaican version of soap box Racing . } the derby be 4 big event and have a carnival atmosphere . a live reggae band turn out the beat as spectator line the mountain road all the way down to the finish line . close on : a pushcart . it be paint in the traditional rastafarian black , green , and red . on the front of the cart , print in bold letter be ' trenchtown rocket ! ' relaxing in the driver 's seat , as he look through a pair of binocular , be sanka coffie , the reign king of ' derby ' racing and derice bannock 's best friend . sanka be the only adult in the race . his long ' dreadlock 's stick out from under he ' World War I ' leather flyer 's helmet and goggle . his outfit be complete with wild tye-dy flour-sack knicker , red high - top , and argyle sock . sanka 's Pov : a fine eighteen year -old girl in a summer dress swayi not in the crowd . as sanka adjust the focus on the binocular , we close in on winston , a slight , goofy ten year - old boy . Winston wear a beat up american football helmet and be cover in grease and grime as he use all he strength to tighten a loose bolt on the cart . sanka put the binocular down and contemplate . sanka you know , Winston ... as I sit here think about all the greatness which be I ... I begin to realize what a honor this must be for a boy such as yourself . to ride with the gift one ... the Grand poobah of the pushcart ... sanka coffie . we hear a voice off camera . derice ( v.0 . ) fcall out ) hey , poobah , when you gonna take on someone you own size ? sanka whoever say that better be ready to rumble . sanka spring to he foot , spin around and see it 's derice . sanka ( cont 'd ) where you be , star ? I be about to go for my ail - time record , seventh in a row . derice be easy , ras ... you know I be not gonna forget I best friend on he day of day . Winston jump up from behind the cart and come over to derice . winston ( interupt he ) hey derice , my grandpa say you be a cinch to make it to the Olympic . he say you be gonna be even better than you father . sanka and my grandpa say you better get you pee-wee ass back behind that cart ... we get a derby to win ! derice can not heip but laugh . ext . the starting line a hundre funky , colorfully painted , home ~ built , rag ~ tag push ~ cart be line up in row ten across and ten deep . sanka' cart be in the last row . a wildly dress old rasta take a starter 's pistol and point it in the air . old rasta on you mark . ext . sanka' cart - same sanka pull a egg out from somewhere inside he shirt . sanka {to Winston , affection ately ) Quick , little ras ... kiss the lucky egg . Winston try to kiss the egg through he football helmet . will old rasta ( v.c. } get set . sanka call out he final battle cry . sanka ( chant , rockin ' side to side ) feel the rhythm , feel the rhyme , get on up , it 's derby time !! ext . starting line Old rasta fire the pistol and the madness begin . we see a head on shot of all the cart , and color , and kid come right at we . the pusher push for all they worth and the driver try to keep they straight as the crowd start a roar that will not stop till the finish . before the race be ten second old , a dozen cart be out of control , smash into the spectator and each other . it look like total chaos . sanka have move up five row in the first thirty second . close on : sanka 's cart ; he 's weaving and bob avoid traffic , throw he weight from side to side . he pass another fifteen cart in a matter of second and train he sight on the leader , sanka spread out , sucker ... here come the rocket !! sanka strike a aerodynamic pose as he come up on a funky blue cart and challenge it for position . but the blue cart be not to be take lightly . it bump wheel with sanka and try to drive he off the road . sanka hold he ground and even take a slight advantage . the funky blue cart 's driver be piss . he try to ram sanka , but sanka whip the wheel hard . the blue cart 's driver miss sanka badly and smashes into the hay bail that line the racing strip . sanka 's cart miraculously do a full 360 turn and continue on it 's way . sanka otaunt the blue cart } say hello to the ' coffie whip , ' sucker ! 6 but this little duel have let a ominous black and silver cart take a big lead . as sanka look ahead he know he 's gonna have to do something special to pull this one out of the bag . he call to Winston . sanka ( cont 'd ) release the ' sanity brake ' ... I be go to rasta~drive !! Winston pull on a stick and the cart sprout little wing paint , green , black and red . sanka ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) rastafari !!! sanka , now begin bounce up and down , bend he knee , pump he ass like a locomotive . he gain radical speed and pass everyone but the black and silver cart . the crowd go wild . derice pump he fist in the air . ext . the home stretch there be 50 yard leave and sanka 's within strike distance . as they approach the finish line we see a determine Winston , who somehow have the entire top half of he body stretch out over the front of the cart . as we pan back to sanka , we see that he have abandon the steering wheel and be holding winston by the ankle , enable he to stretch over the front end . they just clip the black and silver cart at the wire . sanka raise he fist in victorious splendor but the cart isn't slowing down . close on : derice , calling out . derice sanka , watch out !!! but it's too late . the cart hit a bank and fly off the road . everyone's eye watch the flight of the cart as it goe up and then come down , landing halfway through the roof of a SMALL shanty hut . sanka look down and sees a old man eating . sanka sorry , mon . old man ( look up ) no problem . ext . momma coffie be bar ~ night we hear party sound as reggae music pour from inside a large bamboo structure cover in Christmas light . int . momma coffie be - same we cut to a big banner stretch over the bar that read " congratulation sanka ... good luck derice ! ! " as we pan down from the banner , we be in the middle of a rip , rasta , rum soak blowout complete with live music and a smokin ' dance - floor pack with partier . we see a attractive woman in she mid twenty . this be joy bannock , derice 's wife . we can see that Joy be look for someone as she make she way through the party . she tap a young man on the shoulder . joy lyndon , you see derice ? lyndon shake he head ' no ' . Joy press on . close on : Three deep rastas with dread down to the floor do a trance - like stomp dance . sanka , now in different clothes but still with he helmet and goggle , be out there with they , match they step for step . we cut behind the bar to a two hundred pound woman with gold tooth and a infectious smile . this be momma coffie , sanka 's mother and owner of the establishment . Joseph and uncle ferte stand at the bar with she . momma coffie ( be : sanka ) look at that crazy boy . all honey - eye and dancin ' like a criminal . Joy have now join momma , Joseph and ferte . joy {above the music ) momma coffie , you see derice ? momma coffie sure I see that husband of yours . he go sneakin ' out the back a couple of minute past . Joy look to the god . she know where he be . ext . high school scccer stadium - late night we see derice circle the track in the moonlight . Joy be sit in the top row of the bleacher , watch . joy {to herself ) run , Mr. bannock , run . ext . olympic stadium infield - day Kingston Olympic Stadium be jam pack . it be the day of the Olympic trial and they be in full swing . event be happening everywhere close on : a huge jet black adonis with a shave head . this be yul BRENNER . he be dress in all black and wear a # 6 on he chest . he also wear a pair of black batting glove . yul clap he hand as he psyches himself into a frenzy . next to yul , now down on one knee , he head bow in silent prayer , be derice ( wear # 8 ) . we hear a voice call the runner to attention . voice ( v.0 . ) gentlemen , please , gather round . the voice belong to barrington coolidge , a older jamaican track official in a green blazer . derice , yul and the other finalist gather around he . coolidge first , let I congratulate you on win you heat and reach the hundred meter final . junior bevil ( # 7 ) , a sheepish look twenty year - old ina " princeton university : warm - up suit , stand next to derice . junior {sotto} you be derice bannock , right ? derice right , junior i hope I make the team ... it will bea real honor to run with you . back to coolidge who be finish up he speech . coolidge remember , only the first four finisher will have the honor of represent Jamaica in this year 's summer game in Seoul . good luck to you all . junior turn to derice with a outstretch hand . junior good luck . derice shake it . junior now turn to yul with a out - stretch hand . junior ( cont 'd ) good luck to you too . yul take junior 's hand and place it firmly on junior 's own groin . yul hold onto you luck , college . boy ... you gonna need it . ext . the starting block - minute later the full field of runner take they ready position . close on : yul , junior and derice ( # 6 , # 7 and # 8 ) . they face be pure concentration as they await the gun . coolidge fire he starter' pistol . the runner be off . derice and yul accelerate quickly out of the block . yul take a slim lead , but derice dig down and edge ahead of he . derice and yul be battle for the lead . then out of nowhere , junior surge between they . it 's a three way race . 10 . there 's twenty yard to go . junior be strain as he try to pass derice and yul . he reach deep down for something extra and he leg go out from under he . the rest happens in slo-motion . junior 's tumble body go horizontal and we see both derice and yul try desperately to hurdle junior 's flail limb . but it 's no use . they each get trip . derice catch a arm , yul a leg . the three of they roll in a tumble as the other runner fly past toward the finish line ( in fast motion ) . ext . bleacher ~ same Joy and sanka stand , look on in shock . joy oh , God ! ext . the track - same close on : derice sprawle on the track . he look toward the finish line . derice 's Pov : the winning runner , he fist raise in the air . someone hand he a jamaican flag as he and two other runner take they victory lap . int . derice '’s bedroom - three day later close on : a olympic gold medal lay in a velvet jewelry case . pull back to reveal derice . ( he be sit in the middle of the bedroom with a big box of he father 's memorabilia in front of he . Black & white photo , track trophy , and newspaper clipping be scattered all over the floor . ) he delicately remove the medal from the case and hold it as if it be he father 's ash . the pain of he recent dis - appointment dominate he face as he lay the medal gently on the floor . int . derice live room - same Joy have she ear to the bedroom door . she listen for a beat , then step back and shake she head . there 's a knock at the fzont door . joy who 's there ? lil . sanka poke he head in . sanka any change ? joy nothing ... and it goin ' on three day now ... do not talk , do not sleep , do not gat ... I do not know what to do . sanka come in hold a big steel pot . sanka not a problem , sister . I get a big pot of I momma 's salt fish and banana ... when he get a whiff a that , he come runnin ' cut and back to normal . sanka lift the top off the pot and set it by the bedroom door . int . bedroom ~ same derice be hold a pair of old fashioned track spike . he look at they with a bittersweet smile and lay they down next to the medal . derice now go digging in the box . he poke around and come out with a age , letter size envelope . he open the envelope and inside it be a snapshot . c1lose on : the snapshot . it be a photo of derice 's father with he arm around a white man of the same age . they be on the beach in Jamaica and both of they wear big straw hat and have gold medal around they neck . derice stare at the picture curiously . he look back in the envelope and find a little fold note . derice unfold the note and read it . int . live room ~ cont'd Joy and sanka be in mid-conversation . joy I tell you , sanka ... I never think I would be say it , but it seem like he just givin ' up . 12 . the bedroom door open . derice come charge out hold the letter . derice listen to this ! ( he start read the letter . ) hey , Ben . just want to thank you for all you hospitality . I will always regret that I could not convince you to give bobsled a shot ... believe I , you sprinter be the future of the sport ... take care , buddy . Irving smain ... p.s. if ll ever retire , maybe ifll take you up on you offer and move down here for good . derice dash over and give Joy a big squeeze and kiss . he turn and fly out the door . sanka go to the door and call after he . sanka hey , star , what 's a bobsie ?! derice turn to sanka but continue run down the dirt road backward . derice ( big smile ) I do not know , but I be gonna find out . he turn and sprint down the road . int . jamaican olympic headquarters , waiting room - day close on : a photograph of four bobsledder in a full run push they sie . pull back to reveal derice with a huge smile on he face . barrington coolidge ( the official from the olympics} come out of he office , coolidge you want to see I , derice ? int . barrington coolidge's office ~ cont 'd barrington coolidge now sit behind a large desk . derice stand in front of he . beat . derice Mr. coolidge , I want to start a jamaican bobsle team . coolidge and I want to marry lena horne ... too bad it be not never gonna happen . derice oh , yes it be ... I be gonna make it happen , coolidge look , derice , I know you be dis - appoint , but believe I , bob - sledding be not the answer . derice why not !!! coolidge ' Cause we be jamaican . we do not compete in any winter sport . now , stop talk nonsense and face fact ... we be runner . we be not get no business in a bobsle . derice that 's not true ... sprinter be the future of bobsled . coolidge where would you hear that ? derice Irving smuin say it . coolidge ( accusingly ) oh , no . do not tell I you be down to chatman Square talkin ' to that rascal , derice you mean to tell I Irving smuin 's down at chatman square ? coolibge ( cover ) no , no . I do not say that . 14 . derice {to himself ) he really do come back ... thanks , Mr. coolidge ... get to run . derice go for the door . coolidge call after he . coolidge derice ... do not you go look for Irving smuin . but derice be go . coolidge ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) he 's not the man you think he be . int . poolhall ~ day a dark , dingy , smoke~ fill enterprise full of society 's true undesirable . everyone in the joint be black except for one worn forty ~ four year -old white man . this be irving smuin , ex - bobsle great , now bookie . there's a fade bobsledding poster on the wall . irv wear a tatter suit and have a five day growth . a un - light half smoke tiparillo hang out of he mouth . when we first see he , he 's settling up with a 12 year - old girl scout . she have a few box of cookie with she . the girl scout count off four singles and hand they to irv . irv ocount as she hand the money over ) one ... two ... Three ... four ... do not stop , kid . you uncle owe I five . girl scout I spend the rest on candy . irv look , kid ... let I school you in the way of bookmake ... you see , it go like this ... you uncle lose , you uncle pay ... not you uncle lose , you uncle pay some , you buy candy . girl scout how ' bout I give this cookie for the rest . be ou she hand he two box of cookie . irv oh , no . you be not pawnin’ that peanut butter crap off on I ... I want the mint . he give she back the peanut butter . she hand he two box of mint . irv ( cont 'd ) alright , now run along and keep you grade up . irv go into a cough fit . he take the tiparillo out of he mouth and take a nice long pull on a asthma inhaler . he put the tiparillo back in he mouth . CUT to : derice and sanka look on from the other end of the bar . sanka ( disbelief ) that guy win a gold medal ? derice two ... come on , derice and sanka walk over to irv who be now deep in the newspaper handicapping horse . derice ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , be you Irving smuin ? irv that depend on who 's askin’ . derice I be derice bannock and I be wonder - ing if you would be interested in coach - ing the first jamaican bobsle team . irv shoot derice a look that could kill . ext . the poolhall the camera pan next door to a board up building . derice and sanka be hanging from two nail by there shirt . 16 . sanka what you gonna do now , professor ? int . poolhall ~ ten minute later irv sit at @ table in the back count crumpled singles . sut of nowhere , derice 's head pop in through the window next to irv . derice Mr. smuin , you do not understand . I have to get to the Olympic ... please , just help get I start . irv get up and come to the window . ( derice be all smile think he finally get through . ) irv slam the window shut nearly decapitate derice and then pull the shade down . int . poolhall men' room - 10 minute later you classic seedy bathroom . there be three stall , three urinal and a nasty , old towel roll . irv come shuffle in and go into the middle stall . after a beat derice 's voice be hear in the next stall . derice ( v.0 . ) Mr. smuin , I hate to bother you again , but my whole life be at stake and you be the only one who can help I . irv ( v.0 . ) what be you , nut ?... I be takin 's a dump here ! derice and sanka 's head rise above the wall of they stall . they be both look down on irv . derice just show I the basic , so I can get off on the right foot . irv look , kid , I be sure you get a terrible problem but ' a' , I do not bobsie no more and ' B ' , I do not give a shit . and let I just conclude by say , if you be both not out of here by the time I finish wiping , you ball be gonna be hang from my rear~view mirror . sanka and derice be out of they stall and halfway to the door when derice turn , stop , take out the envelope and slide it into irv 's stall . derice my father 's Benjamin bannock . ext . poolhall - minute later sanka stand by the front door ready for a quick exit . derice be just outside the bathroom door wait for irv . irv come out of the bathroom hold the envelope . he and derice lock eye . irv I write that letter twenty year ago ... it do not mean a thing . he walk past derice . derice follow he . : derice I do not believe you . irv well , then believe this ... I do not care who you be , what you want or how many goddamn letter you have ... as far as I be concerned , the word bobsled do not exist . I do not want to see it . I do not want to coach it , and most of all , I do not want to talk to you about it . derice then how come you still get that poster on the wall . irv turn he back and walk away . derice keep up the chase . 18 . derice ( cont . } ( earnestly ) coach I ... I can get you back to the Olympic . irv kid , I could coach you twenty - four hour a day and cry real tear and you still could not make it to the Olympic . derice but you think my father could ! irv you be father be a great athlete . derice so , be i. irv will you stop follow I !!! derice jump in front of he . derice go derice ( passionate ) twenty year ago a Olympic gold medal winner come down here to see if he could turn a jamaican champion into a bobsledder and he never get the chance to find out . after he . derice ( cont 'd ) I be give you the chance . now take it !! irv 's be hit where it hurt . he look to the poster on the wall . then look back at derice . irv alright , kid ... I will take a look . but if you be not everything you father be , I will drop you so fast you 'li get whiplash . ext . jamaican street - day derice and sanka hang poster recruiting jamaican athlete for a jamaican bobsled team in sport club , restaurant , bar , and all over the street and street vendor 's stand . ext . waterfront ~— day close on : a poster on a telephone pole . it read : " see the world , join the jamaican bobsled team . " a crowd have gather around the poster . close on : a old man in a crazy hat . crazy hat man you hear this ... jamaican bobsleigh . he weep with laughter . the whole crowd start cackle . we pan down the waterfront to three dockworkers . two of they be pot ~ bellied , weathered , 50 year -old , stand around smoking cigarettes on break . the other be yul brenner , the bald sprinter from the trial . yul be in a full sweat , load huge sugar sack onto a freighter . he still wear he black glove . the two fifty year - old taunt yul . pot -belly # 1 you have it ... all you dream be about to come true ... goin ' to the Olympic , gettin ' off the island , movin ' up in the world . potbelly # 2 if only that little fancy pants have not trip you . potbelly # 1 ( taunting ) but he do ... so you just keep on load that sugar , strong - man , " cause you gonna be stick on this dock for a long , long time . the two share a laugh as yul grit he tooth and work even harder . 20 . int , meeting hall ~ late afternoon jamme with hundred of jamaican athlete fan themselves . in spite of a ceiling fan , the place be like a sauna ; it be hot , hot , hot . in the front of the room be derice and irv . ( once again , irv be the only white person in the room . ) a pull - down movie screen behind they . derice this be Irving smuin , we expert coach . he go and explain to you about bebsled . Irving walk over to the podium . he 's tired , scruffy , and unamuse . the light go off . derice ( cont 'd ) fcall out ) hit it , sanka . sanka turn on a old noisy film projector . sanka you be on the air , sled=mon ! Old bobsle footage appear on the screen . irv gentlemen , a bobsle be a simple thing . a heckler call from the darkness . heckler so 's a out — - house ! the room crack .up . the film start with old black and white footage of old fashioned open sleds . irv basically , what you be lookin’ to do be get you rear end from the top of a icy chute to the bottom of a icy chute . we now see the new high - tech sleds whipping through bank turn at outrageous speed . irv ( cont 'd ) you be zigging , you nre zag , you be flyin’ through turn so fast you stomach 's bouncin ' up and down against you chin ... you nve hear of a slow boat to China ?... well , this be a fast freeze boat to hell ! the film now segues into a montage of brutal crash . sanka have he hand over he eye ; he can barely watch . irv ( cont ‘d ) ( pure sarcasm ) now , the one minor drawback to this delightful winter sport be the high speed crash . always remember , bone do not break in a bobsle ... they shatter ! the film end with a huge crash ... the light go on . irv ( cont 'd ) so , who want in ? of the hundred of athlete , only one remain in the room . it be yul brenner . irv ( cont 'd ) do not panic ... we get room for everyone . we hear a hiccup in the back . it 's junior bevil ( dress like a brook Brothers mannequin ) ; he give a little wave . yul it 's he !! yul charge after junior . junior jump up and start run . yul chase he around the entire room . yul you ass mine , rich boy !! irv team unity , I love it . yul finally get a hold of junior and be about to beat he senseless when derice and sanka jump on yul 's back . yul E will kill he . I swear , I ' il kill he . derice you kill he and you be not goin’ to the Olympic . yul I be not ridin ' in the same bobsleigh as that tit-mouse . they finally pull yul off . derice hey , he trip I too . I hate he just as much as you ... but there be not nobody else here . yul forget it , mon ... I be go . yul start to walk out . derice cool ... I will send you a postcard from canada . but yul keep go . derice ( cont . ) with a gold medal around my neck . yul stop . he turn . yul ( be : junior ) alright ... dust tell that little blood - clot he better stay clear the nell away from I . derice turn to irv. derice well ? irv good work ... but in case you have not hear ... there 's no such thing as a three man bobsle team . close on : derice . he slowly turn he head to sanka . sanka what you lookin ' at I for ? derice come on , ras , you can do it . sanka no , I can not .. , bobsled a winter sport . derice so ? sanka so , I be not into all that igloos and eskimos and penguin and shit . derice but you have to . sanka why ? derice ( appeal to he ego ) you speed ... when you get behind that push -cart , you be fast as a mad devil . sanka sorry , rasta ... it cut too heavy into my leisure time . derice you sayin 's you do not want you face in all the papers ? sanka derice do not wanna have you picture on a ' wheaty 's box ? sanka that 's right . derice you gonna stand there and tell I that you do not want to be famous ? sanka I already be famous . I am sanka coffie ! 24 . derice I can not believe this . derice turn and walk away . sanka look up to the heaven . sanka please , God , do not let he ask mé to do it ' cause I be he best friend . derice turn back . derice you know , you could at least do it ' cause you be my best friend . sanka just shake he head ... derice have get he . ext . a CITY STREET - day sanka and derice ride down the street in sanka 's beat up volk . irv ( v.0 . ) okay ... the clympics be in three month ... yul jump off the back of a beat up pick - up truck and wave to the driver . irv ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) consider the fact that we do not have any snow !!!... junior pull up to the practice site in he saab convertible . irv ( cont 'd ) ( v.0 . ) ... I would say , what you be look for here be you basic miracle . ext . beach ~ day the four boy be line up in the sand . in the background we see the crystal blue water of the Caribbean . irv stand before they . irv any question ? nope. 25 . irv ( cont 'd ) then let the game begin . ( bob marley' up - tempo version of ' BUFFALO soldier 's send US into our training montage . ) ext . beach -— cont 'd the jam run in the sand , they be weighted down with giant bunch of bananas . trv ( v.0 . } keep that leg pumpin ' ... a bobsledder 's get to be able to run while he 's push a six hundred pound sled . yul hold the huge bunch with one arm and with the other arm he throw bananas at junior 's foot . junior be force to do a version of the ' mexican hat dance ' as he run . derice jog along at half speed yell encouragement to sanka who can barley keep stand , much less run . ext . CITY STREET day irv , yul , junior , and derice stand next to a old style ' good humor 's ice cream truck . irv eat a popsicle . irv cold weather endurance be vital in building a successful sled team . irv check he watch and gesture to the vendor . the vendor open the truck 's back door . slowly , out of the truck come sanka 's head . his dread be cover in frost . he do not look happy . irv ( cont 'd ) alright , junior , you be next . a coach whistle be heard . ext . the beach - day the jam now go past the camera pushing a old row boat . irv be in the row boat wearing a skipper' cap . Close on : irv. 26 . irv remember , control 's the thing ... you gotta run fast enough to he fast , but not so fast that you can not get in the sled . the whistle be heard again . this time the jam be pushing a empty row boat ( two on each side ) . irv ( v.0 . ) now ! they all try to jump in at once and the boat come to a complete stop as they struggle to climb in . yul ( to sanka ) yo , slinky - head , you be crowd I . sanka you mean that 's you gorilla breath iim smellin' ? junior olaugh ) gorilla breath ... that 's a good one . yul you better shut up ... if it be not for you rich little ass , I be on my way to the goddamn Olympic . junior I do not mean to be contrary , but there 's a small chance I might of pass you . yul what you sayin ' ... you would of win that race ?... come with it ... in 1l race . you right now ! sanka I do not know what you all argue about ... derice be gonna beat both you ass anyway . yul oh , yeah ? how ' bout I beat you ass ? sanka how ' bout I draw a line down the middle of you head so it look like a ass ? irv stand on the beach watch the four guy argue . irv ( to himself ) gentlemen , you force I to resort to drastic measure . ext . country pasture day the four boy be in the middle of the pasture tied together at the ankle with ten foot of slack between each of they . irv be perch on the fence that surround the pasture . he have a piece of wheat in he mouth . irv let I tell you a little something about teamwork ... it 's a pain in the bubkus ... but without it , you be just four dumb shmuck in a fancy toboggan . so remember ... stay together . derice you hear that , fella ? stay together . they stand there . sanka this do not seem so hard . irv let she go , Henry ! just then the team hear a loud angry snort . they turn around to see with terror , henry , the farmer , shooing a savage bull into the pasture . irv ( cont 'd ) weehaw ! 1 ! the bull charge toward they . they scatter in all direction . the rope pull tight and they fall on they face . they keep try to get up , and they keep fall right back down . 28. close on : the bull , charge like a express train . close on : the four boy be finally run . sanka be so scared , he's running faster than all of they . this raise irv 's eyebrow . int . the bevil family garage - night a large spotless three car garage . next to a brand new mercede , junior polish he saab meticulously . junior alright , father , listen here . there 's something I need to say ... I have make up my mind ... I be go be a bobsledder and there 's absolutely nothing in this world you can do to stop I . the camera pull back to reveal that junior be talk to himself . junior ( cont . } oh , really ? well , I be sorry you feel that way ... Fine , cut off my allowance . a man 's get to do what a man 's get to do !! junior 's pleased with himself . he 's get a big smile on he face when another mercede pull in . whitby bevil sr. get out . he be a fifty year - old version of junior in a three - piece suit . bevil just who I want to see . junior ( nervous ) I ? junior stop polish . bevil you know where I just come from ? junior where ? bevil desmond Nixon 's office ... you know what I just do ? 23 . junior what ? bevil I get you a job with webster , webster and Cohen . junior webster , webster and Cohen ? bevil they be one of the biggest broker in Miami ... you start at the end of the month . junior um , dad . bevil I let you take you shot at that Olympic track nonsense ... now you be gonna get on with you real future ... right ? junior ( bum ) right . bevil notice a spot on the car . bevil ( point ) you miss a spot . bevil exit whistling a cheery tune . junior look paralyze . ext . the OPEN field ~ day irv stand by the sled ( sanka 's convert push - cart ) , the boy in front of he . irv gentleman , this be a bobsle , sort of . the boy lock curicusly at the convert cart . irv ( cont ‘d ) now , here 's how it 's gonna work . yul , you be gonna be the second middleman . 30 . irv position yul where he want he . irv ( cont 'd ) you be strong , you be fast and you dislike junicr . irv give yul a little wink . irv go to junior . irv ( cont 'd ) junior , you be gonna be the first middle~man . irv position junior right in front of yul . irv ( cont 'd ) you be quick , you be sharp , and you be scared shitless of yul . irv give junior a little wink . irv ( cont 'd ) sanka , I be make you the ... sanka I know , I be the driver . irv ( continue he sentence ) the brake-man . sanka the brake-man ... I be the driver ! irv no , you be not ... you be the brake - man . the brake~man 's you fastest runner ... I see you smoke this guy runnin’ from that bull . sanka but , coach , I have to drive for the simple fact that I be sanka coffie , the great push - cart driver in all Jamaica ... you dig where I be come from ? irv oh , I dig where you be come from . sanka beautiful ! 31 . irv now , dig where I be come from . I be come from two gold medal . I be come from nine world record in both the two and four man event . I be come from twenty year of intense competition against the best athlete in the world ! derice smile . this be the irv he be look for . sanka that 's a hell of a place to be come from . irv deliver the next speech face to face with derice ( even though he 's talk to sanka ) . irv you see , sanka , the driver have to work harder than anyone ... he 's the first to show up and the last to leave . when he teammate be out drink beer , he 's up in he room study picture of the turn ... and not only be he responsible for know every inch of every course he race , he 's also responsible for the life of the other three people in the sled . do you want that responsibility ? sanka I say we make derice the driver . irv so do I , sanka ... so do I . close on : derice . his smile be go . he take a nice deep breath . int . derice and joy's bedroom - late night Joy be in bed sleep . she roll over and notice derice be miss . she sit up and see he stare out the window . joy you okay ? derice ( still look out the window ) yeah ... I be just about to come to bed . joy do not worry , baby ... everything 's gonna work out fine . Joy look at he as he just keep stare out the window . ext . top of the hill ~ cont 'd the sled have be laid out on a big , blue , plastic pool cover . this serve as the track . it be slicked down with water . the boy man the sled in they start position . close on : derice ' 's eye . they be all business . we pan back to sanka , then junior , then yul . they face be full of different degree of apprehension . irv ( v.0 . ) win a bobsle race be about one thing ... the push start ! a respect - able start time be 5.7 ... if you speedster can not get you time down to a solid six flat , you gota better chance at become a barber shop quartet . ext . bottom of the hill irv stand with he stop-watch . irv when I yell , " go ! " start push . when I yell , " jump ! " jump in ... ready , set , go ! ext . top of the hill - same just as the boy start push for all they be worth , sanka spot two girl walk along the road . he call to they as he run . sanka hey lady , watch the Grand poobah of the pushcart become the Red Baron of the bobsle . 33 . the sled slide well on the wet plastic , but unfortunately , so do the boy . they get about twenty yard when irv yelis . irv ( v.0 . ) jump ! but instead of get in one at a time , they all try to jump in at once . it 's total chaos . the four of they finally fight they way into the cart with sanka diving in head first at the last second . arm and leg be everywhere . junior be in yul 's lap . sanka 's leg stick straight up in the air . the cart slide to a slow stop . - the two girl crack up . irv come over . derice what be we start time , coach , 5.6 5.7 ? irv dl. sanka no problem , sled - brother , we will do better tomorrow . irv tomorrow ?... we be gonna get it under seven flat today ! the boy all roll they eye . int . momma coffie be - morning close on : two egg fryin ' in a pan with bananas . pull back to reveal momma coffie standin ' over the pan singin ' a gospel song to herself . int . sankan bedroom - same sanka be asleep with a big smile on he face . he hold he pillow like a lover . 34 , sanka ( talk in he sleep to the pillow ) please , everybody ... no autograph now ... I need my beauty rest . out of nowhere , we hear the powerful voice of momma coffie . momma coffie ( v.0 . ) sanka !I !! sanka nearly hit the ceiling . ext , training hill - day the boy sit under a tree wait . there be a bunch of little kid stand off to the side watch they and giggle . yul see , this be why I do not like to play no team shit ... you always havin ' to be countin ' on someone else . derice do not worry , he will be here , irv approach they . irv alright ... that 's it . the party 's over . I be trainin ' you bum for two week now and in that entire time , you have not be able to ' a' , stop fight with each other and ' b' , get you start time under 9.3 , which , consider how fast you guy be , be a embarrassment ... and now , when . you geally need to suck it up , one of you teammate pull a no show ... fellas , I be through wastin ' my time with a bunch of goddamn child . irv start to walk away . derice but , coach ... you can not leave now . we be just startin’ to get the hang of it . 35 . irv get the hang of it ?... I see better effort from four flamenco dancer and a wheelbarrow . derice please , coach ! irv ( over he shoulder ) bye , bye , derice . derice five more minute . irv no more minute ... get it through you head , kid ... you come , you see , you suck ! just then we hear a car horn honk . it 's sanka in he volkswagen . he drive right up the hill and jump out . sanka let 's boogie , sleigh -rastas ! yul where you be , fool ? sanka take it easy , shine head . yul irv quit . sanka why ?! junior ( to sanka } ' Cause we suck , that 's why . derice do not say that ... we be good ... in fact , we be gonna show he just how good we be ... come on ? ext . top of the hill the boy be ready to push off . they start to rock the cart . 36 . derice 4,3,2,1 ... they push off for everything they worth . ext . the hill the camera bounce along follow the cart . the cart be really move . it fly by irv who click he stop=watch . the sled keep pick up speed as it jump the plastic tarp and continue down the hill . close on : a banana cart . the banana man see the sled come right for he . CUT back to the sled . the boy scream as the imminent impact near . the banana man move he cart in the nick of time . but behind the banana cart be a police car with two policeman eat lunch . food go everywhere as the sled crash into the police car . the boy spill out and lay there motionless . derice sanka , you dead ? sanka yah , mon . derice I too . ext . the dented cop car sanka , yul , junior , and derice stand against the cop car with they hand behind they back and they leg apart . a small crowd have now gather around . cop #1 you all under arrest for reckless drive ... now , who belong to this thing ? derice we do , sah . cop#i who you ? 37 . derice the jamaican bobsle team , sah . the small crowd start to laugh . cop # 2 do not give I that business . I be not bear yesterday . the crowd laugh even harder . then out of nowhere we hear irv 's voice call . irv ( v.0 . ) 5.91 ! 5.918 ! irv break through the small crowd and shove the stopwatch in derice 's face , irv 5.9 ... that 's a world class start - time . you do it ! you do it !! policeman # 2 grab irv and spin he around . policeman # 2 and who the hell do you think you be ? irv I be they coach !! derice stare at irv and smile . this be just what he 's be wait to hear . int . coolidge's office - day coolidge sit behind he desk . irv stand before he . coolidge forget it , smuin ... Jamaica have never have a winter sport program and we be not about to start one now . irv I be not ask for a winter sport program ... I just need a lousy twenty - five grand so I can get we tao the Olympic . beat . 36 . coclidge Olympic ?. , . how be you go to get to the Olympic ? this boy have never even be in a sie race . irv and dwight D. eisenhower never play the saxopnone ... what 's that get to do with it ? coolidge you know , I know you be a bit unusval , .. but I have no idea you be head for the bughouse , . irv hey , coolidge ... hear I out , will ya ? in a Olympic year , the bobsie federation hold a event they call the quaifier ... you finish the course under a give time and to the satisfaction of the judge , you earn the right to compete in the Olympic . coolidge you méan , you be willing to put you fate in the hand of the federation ? irv you get a problem with that ? coolidge have you forget what happen to you in saporro ? irv give I 4 break , coolidge ... that be twenty year ago . coolidge Mr. smuin , Jamaica have a proud athletic tradition ... if you think I be go to give you money so that you can parade we athlete in front of the world like some kind of freak show , then you get another thing come . 39 . int . hallway outside coolidge's office derice sit on a bench wait as irv emerge from coolidge 's office . derice ( stand up ) how would it go ? irv stop and put he arm around derice . irv do the word ' give up ' mean anything to you ? derice not a thing ? ext . CITY STREET - day sanka stand on the corner with he guitar , he case open in front of he . a sign on the case read ' support the jamaican bobsled team . ' there be a few small coin in the case . sanka be sing the jamaican bobsle song , but nobody even stop to listen . sanka we no like snow but still we go / we no like ice but that 's the price / we hob and bob do what we be tell / four rastamen tryin ' to win the gold . a instrumental version of the song continue over the follow . ext . another STREET corner - day yul be look very unhappy in a white apron and baker 's hat as he stand behind a table full of cake and cookie . the sign above he read ' jamaican bobsled bake sale . ' a old woman stop to look at the cookie . yul glower at she and she quickly move on . 40 . ext . CITY STREET close on : a sign read , ' kiss $ 1 . ' the camera pan down from the sign ; sanka have set up a kissing booth . there be four woman in line : two young , three hundred pounder , and two octogenarian with supportive shoe . ext . office build - day derice , in a poor look suit , go inside as we hear in voice over . derice ( v.0 . ) gentlemen , I present you with the opportunity of a lifetime . close on : derice stand in a office . derice ( cont 'd ) we be look for a sponsor for the new jamaican bobsle team . close on : a series of different executive . they all stare directly into the camera . executive # 1 that 's the most ridiculous ... executive # 2 hilarious ... executive # 3 ludicrous ... executive # 4 preposterous .... executive # 5 Ill - conceive idea I ever hear in my life . executive # 6 ( into a speaker box ) Security ! ext . front of a big kingston office build ~ minute later we see derice with two uniform security guard . the guard dig into they pocket and give derice they change . derice wave as he walk away . 41 . e ext . uncle ferte' stand - cont 'd close on : a cookie jar . pull back to reveal uncle ferte hand the jar to derice . uncle ferte there it be ... the whole kit and kaboodle ... one hundred and eighty - four dollar and thirty - three cent ... my life 's savings . derice do not worry , uncle ferte ... I will not let you down . ext . CITY STREET ~ day sanka wrap up he song . sanka now you might say it a foolish dream / but we da jamaican bobsle team / we put pep in you step , a smile on you face / and you throw e@ you money in my guitar case . a drunk sleep it off stir awake . he stagger to he foot and go over to sanka . drunk I 'il give you a buck to shut up . int . sanka' garage - night irv , sanka , and yul ( still in the hat and apron ) stand over derice 's shoulder as he count up ail the money . derice {as he add it up ) okay , we get my $ 74.00 , $ 58.53 from momma coffie , $ 184.33 from uncle ferte , $ 9.52 from yul 's cookie , and a whopping $ 1.16 from the new Bob marley . sanka what 's the total ? derice two hundred and fifty - five dollar and sixty - one cent . 42 . yul what that mean ? irv it mean we be short about twenty - four thousand seven hundred and forty - five buck . yul {to himself ) I be not never gonna get off this goddamn Island . derice be devastate . irv serry , derice ... look like this be the end of the line . junior come into the garage carry a small suitcase . derice you can unpack you suitcase , junior ... we be not go , but junior just walk over , put the suitcase on the table and open it . it's full of money ! sanka I be feel pain in my chest . irv Jesus Christ ... how much be it ? junior about twenty ~ six thousand ? derice where would you get it ? junior I sell my car . sanka alright ... ( he start to boogie as he sing ) we goin ' to the Olympic ! derice no , we be not ... we can not take this money ... it be not right . 43. junior hey , derice , if I have not trip you guy , you would already be go to the Olympic ... please ... I want you to have it . derice you mean , you want we to have it , right ? beat . junior right . yul look to derice , maybe he be wrong about this kid . sanka get on , Mr. bevil ... you father must be cool . he let you sell that car . junior oh , he do not know I sell the car ... in fact , he do not even know I be on the team ... he think I be off to Miami to work for webster , web - ster and Cohen . irv oh , god. ext . montego BAY airport , the tarmac - day the boy walk up the step to board the plane wave to they few scattered love one . ( the bevil be not there . ) ext . runway , jamaica - day a big Air Jamaica plane come barrel down the runway and start to rise . ext . runway , calgary - day the big bird touch down . int . shuttle bus - day the bus be fill . some peopie be tourist , some be native , but except for the jamaican , all of they be white . 44 . the jamaican be visibly uncomfortable with the cold weather . they wear nine layer of brightly color print , tropical jamaican clothing . ( except for junior whe be ina fancy parka . ) sanka exhales in the cold air . derice sanka , mon ... what the hell you smokin 's ? sanka I be not smokin’ . I be breathe ! everybody on the bus be stare at we boy . when we cut back , all four of they be exhaling they ass off , amaze that they can see they breath . sanka make smoke ring and poke he finger through they . ext , OPEN road - day the bus ramble down a open highway . there be giant snowfield on either side . close on : all four face press against the bus window look out . the guy ( v.0 . ) stop the bus !! ext . side of the road the bus have pull over . the door open and the four boy come bound out of the bus . the boy snow !!! they run toward the untouched snow . ext . snowfield ~ day derice scream like a cowboy and charge into the untouched snow . yul follow with a smile , then junior . this leave sanka , who tiptoe into it look terrify . {rr reggae ' walking in a winter wonderland 's be hear over the follow snow montage . ) derice lie in the snow making ' snow angel . * 45 . yul pack a perfect snow ball . junior run around be bombarded by snowballs . sanka reach out with a bare hand and touch the snow as if he be defusing a bomb . CUT to : a bus full of onlooker watching a freak show out the window . cut to : derice , yul , and junior splash around in the snow euphorically . sanka take a tiny bit of snow and touch it to he cheek . then he tastes it . derice and yul have sanka by the arm and legs and be swinging he as sanka scream . they throw he in the snow . close on : three dark hole and one big yellow ' s' be written in the snow . then from behind , we see our boy all taking leak . sanka be off to the right gyrating he hip wildly as he write he name . derice same thing happen to you as I ? yul what ? derice I bamboo shriveling up like a prune . junior I can not even find mine . yul mine do shrink in half . junior sneak a peak at yul 's . sunior ( crestfallen ) that 's half ? 46 . ext . side of the road as the bus pull away , the camera pan from the road to the snowfield . close on : a giant snowman . he have a rasta hat , sunglass and a giant snow - splif in he mouth . int . HOTEL lobby - day the small hotel lobby be bustling , everybody stare at the jamaican who be tired , freezing and look like bum . irv deal with the hotel desk clerk . irv I and my boy have two room book under the name of smuin . clerk I be sorry , sir , but we do not allow the entertainment to stay at the hotel . irv this guy be not the temptation . they 'ré the jamaican bobsle team . the guy wave , between shiver . the hotel clerk shake he head . int . HOTEL room a tiny hotel room with two bunk bed . the boy can not take a step without get in each other 's way . ( they twist , turn and sidestep catch up in a farcical human traffic jam . ) yul , in some wear - out old flannel pajamas , unpack two pair of underwear , fight he way through junior and sanka ( who be try to get to the bathroom ) and put they in a drawer . junior , in silk pajamas and slipper , meticulously remove a new pair of color " calvin klein underwear ' from the box , fold they , then have to avoid body to get to he drawer . on the bed , there be twenty more new box . yul damn , boy ... how many ass you get ? sanka 's scream voice be hear from the bathroom . sanka ( v.0 . } hey , fella , come check this out !!! 47 . the boy look at each other , then rush into the bathroom . int . bathroom ~ same close on : yul , junior , and derice 's curious face . they be look at sanka ( he wear a night dress and pom pom hat ) , who have turn the bidet on ' high ' and be drink from it . sanka ( cont 'd ) nexcite ) we get we own water fountain ! junior that 's no water fountain . sanka ( look up ) what be it ? int , the empty bedroom sanka come run out of the bathroom scream ! ext . calgary the sun shine on the glorious city of Calgary . worker be put up banner and sign , prepare the city for the upcoming Olympic . int . olympic headquarters — day irv walk the hall look for the right door . as people walk by he , they whisper , as if they might possibly know he . irv finally find he door . the lettering on it read : ' team registration . ' irv take a deep breath and go in the door . int . registration office ~ cont 'd irv walk up to the front desk . behind it sit a pleasant canadian official . official can I help you ? uh ... no . irv turn , take a step , and then turn back around again . irv ( cont . ) yeah ... you can help I ... I be here to register the ... jamaican bobsle team , official you be name ? irv Irving smuin . official welcome to Calgary , Mr smuin . the official sift through a pile of folder . he pull one out . official ( cont . ) ( curt ) now , here 's all you information . you final run be gonna be on the afternoon of the tenth ... keep in mind , to qualify , you must finish the course safely in one minute flat or under . irv do not worry ... I know the routine . official you judge be shindler , kroy ~ ezheck and gremmer . they be three of we best . irv I know , official be there anything else , Mr. smuin ? irv no , I think you have pretty much say it all . irv turn and head for the door but just as he 's about to exit , three man enter . 48 . 49 . the first be kurt hemphill ( around 65 ) , irv 's old coach and now @ World bobsle federation official . the other two be roger and larry , two member of the current american coach staff and ex-member of irv 's 1972 four- man team . they be stop in they track by who they see before they . nobody know what to say . finally , irv break the ice . irv ( offer he hand ) Roger , Larry ... it 's be awhile . they shake irv 's hand , Larry a bit reluctantly . irv ( cont 'd ) ( offer he hand to kurt ) good to see you , kurt . kurt walk by without acknowledge irv . irv ( cont 'd ) ( ribbing ) do not tell I you have forget all we have . kurt whip around , kurt Larry , tell this gentleman that as far as I be concerned , Irving smuin die at the 1972 Olympic and that whoever he be , he better play it real careful ' cause the federation be watch he ass like a hawk and that go double for that bunch of third world circus performer he bring with he . kurt turn and exit . roger Jesus , irv ... what the hell you be doin ' with yourself ?... we be hearin* all kind of crazy rumor . irv they be all true ... especially the one about the midget and the gypsy fortune teller . 50 . larry stili with the joke , huh , smuin ? irv that 's right , Larry , still with the joke . larry Roger ... come on ! Larry start walk . Roger stand there a second with a pain expression but there 's nothing he can do . irv ( whisper to Roger ) I need to talk to you . roger ( sotto , fast ) it can not . irv meet I at the bar on the corner in half a hour . roger half a hour ? irv it can not wait . larry ( from down the hall Roger ... let 's go} Roger take off after Larry . ext . happy hansel's sport shop ~ day the four boy in there tropical layer enter the sport shop . int . sport shop - day a canadian salesgirl look they up and down . salesgirl May I help you ? si. derice we be the jamaican bobsle team ... doo you have ice shoe , and what be they ? salesgirl ( not understanding derice 's accent ) be you speak English ? the boy look at each other . derice what ? salesgirl ( slowly as if to child ) american Express ? sanka let I handle this ... yo , miss coconut , we need some jammin’ warm bobsle clothes . the salesgirl point they in the direction of the multi - color parkas . yul {to sanka ) I do not know you speak canadian . ( montage of the four guy try on a endless supply of the latest , weirdest ski - clothes imaginable . ) ext . the store' front door - a hour later the four boy walk out of the store dressed from head to toe in brightly colored winter sport gear . they move stiffly look like huge neon spacemen . int . bar - later irv and Roger be sequester in a back table . roger what 's so important that it could not wait ? irv I need a sled . beat . 52 . roger {total disbelief ) you come all the way to Calgary without a sled . irv look , I get forty - eight hundred american . I just need something competitive . roger for five grand ? irv alright , a work sled . roger but , irv ... irv a flexible flyer with oomph . anything ! roger you know I can not do that . irv hey , Roger , when it be down to you and morrison for that last goddamn slot on the ' 68 chantillly squad and you plead with I to talk to kurt ... do I say , " sorry , Roger , you know I can not do that ? " irv ( cont 'd ) you be not gonna make I beg , be you ? roger - maybe I can get you one of we practice sleds . irv thanks , Roger ... you know some - thing ... you be a damn nice guy . roger alright , before you start slice up the bullshit , there 's one thing I get to know ... e irv raise he eyebrow . roger ( cont 'd ) be this whole thing some kind of joke or do you really expect this pastafarian to qualify ? irv ( lie ) not only be they gonna qualify , but they be gonna turn a few head doin ' it ... let I tell you something , three of they run the hundred in nine something flat . and I do not care who you be , that 's lightning . roger but can lightning run on ice ? we hear a training whistle blow as we cut to : int . calgary ice arena - afternoon the four boy flop around on the ice like fish . no one can make it more than two step as they keep fall over each e other . on the other side of the rink , female figure skater stop they practice to watch the show . they can not help but laugh . junior this special shoe do not seem very effective . irv ( v.0 . ) grip with you toe . derice grip. with you toe everybody ! derice be down in a flash . sanka manage to get to he foot . '' sanka alright , you candy~ass track star . let the ice-rasta show you how it 's do . sanka look like a log roller before he finally go gown. 54 . junior call from the other side . junior hey , fella , look at my progress . junior be stayina on he foot by hold on to yul 's sweater . yu1 give he a strong look . junior let go and fall . then yul fall . sanka , who have just about get up , start laugh at they . he fall . the figure skater be hysterical , a few of they fall . smash CUT to : ext . the middle of a bobsled course . the driver' Pov . : we feel the speed , the danger , the blood curdle excitement of drive a bobsle as we go fly through a high bank curve , nearly turn completely upside down . we come out of that curve and right into another one . the sound of speed and ice be deafen ! pull back to reveal : derice . he be sit in a bobsle simulator . his hand be on the control as he take another curve . int . simulator room - cont 'd derice step out of the simulator . yul , junior and sanka be next in line . behind they be a bunch of little kide . sanka turn to one of the kid . sanka be it as good as ' Super mario Brothers ! '* int . bar — night the jamaican enter lead by sanka . the bar be pack with slider from different nation . junior remember , derice say we get to be in by midnight . sanka stay loose , baby bear ... you gonna cramp I style . 5. a country western band be play in the background . a east german sledder be swinging a beer mug as he try to sing along with the band . josef grool , the East german driver , nudge the sing german as the jamaican approach they . sanka walk up to the german . sanka ( cont ' D} keep jammin ' , ras . I will catch up on the chorus . the german ignore he . grool look through sanka like he be not there . sanka ( cont 'd ) that 's cool ... I do not know that one anyway . yul and junior stand in front of the band . yul seem fascinate as he stare at the guitar player who be dress like a cowboy yul I gotta get I one of they hat . sanka make he way over to a table full of french slider speak french . sanka tap one on the shoulder . sanka where you from , mon ? french slider # 1 omimick sanka ) where you from , mon ? the french slider walk away . the rest of the french team just shake they head . but sanka be undaunted . he tap another frenchman on the shoulder . the frenchman do not budge . junior ( nervously ) sanka , take a hint . but sanka just tap a little harder . sanka Excuse I , do you speak English ? sé. another frenchman ( also mimick ) no , Z speak English , reggae mon . sanka good , ' cause you father call the dog-catcher when you mother leave the house . yul and junior crack up as the frenchman stand there , still act superior , not know what sanka just say . two american slider ( jeremy and cole ) sit at a table nearby call out . cole hey , bartender ... how ' bout a couple of shot to go with this beer ? sanka hear a language he can understand and light up . sanka alright , finally ! some american rastas . sanka go over to they table , sit down and pour himself a beer , sanka ( cont 'd ) now we be talkin' ... what do you say we kick this badboy off with a big ol ' bobsledder 's toast ? jeremy I will tell you what , friend ... he take the beer out of sanka 's hand . jeremy ( cont . ) first you go and prove yourselves out there on that hill ... then we will talk about a toast . the Americans grab they beer , get up and walk away leave sanka 's friendly advance once again reject . ext . bobsled hill - night derice 's foot crunch snow as he trudge toward the top of the hill . he finally reach the top and what he see before he be a vision . 57 . derice Pov : the swiss bobsled team be rock they sled in the start area . they movement be pure exact poetry and they breath be cloud of steamy focus as they rock back and forth , all of they one body , one will , one mind . to derice , it seem as though they be move in slo-motion , the power of they concentration be so great . the sound he hear be super - amplify : the sled 's runner against the ice , the raw power of the breathe , the joyous roar of adrenaline as they push start with the strength of four horse . it be quite simply the most magnificently beautiful athletic display derice have ever witness . you can feel he heart pound as the swiss whip through the final turn with the ethereal ease of a dream . int . HOTEL room - night sanka and yul sit on they bed . they both wear boxer ( yul 's be rip ) . a gargle sound come from the bathroom . sanka seemin 's to you like nobody like we ? yul we different ... and people always scared of what be different . junior come in from the bathroom in a monogramm red satin bathrobe . he 's floss . junior you guy talkin’ about why everybody hate we ? sanka yeah . junior do not let it bother you ... you all hate I and I do not mind . derice come fly in the door . derice you guy will not believe what I just see . sanka a jerk pork stand ? 58 . derice no , mon ... bobsledder ! I watch this swiss team take a run down the hill ... it be like nothin ' you have ever see . derice be in a state of rapture . derice ( cont . ) like a miracle ... like the four of they could take over the world ... and right then , I know that we could do it too ... all we have to do be believe , believe that there be nothing more powerful than the combination of man , ice , and machine ! ! sanka goddamn , rasta brother ... what the hell have you be smokin ' !? they all look at derice . his eye be wild with fire . ext . frozen lake ~ same close on : a tarp cover a unknown large object . the camera pan over to the four guy in parkas , hat , and mitten stand shoulder to shoulder in the middle of the freeze lake , they hand cover they eye . irv pull a tarp off the object behind he . it 's a bobsle . irv ( v.0 . ) alright , open ‘em . the boy open they eye ; before they be a bobsle . it 's beat - up , the paint be peel , it 's way outdated , but it be a bobsle . the jamaican be in awe . they walk slowly toward it like four Inca worshipp the sun . they each softly lay a hand on they priceless jewel . irv ( cont 'd ) I know it be not state of the art , but ... derice shhhhi !! he need silence so he can admire the goddess . beat . sanka look at she , ras . derice she some lady . sanka what we gonna call she ? junior how about Tallulah ? sanka Tallulah ?... it sound like a two dollar hooker ... where you come up with that ? junior it 's my mother 's name . yul I say we name it the ' assassin ! ' derice no , - mon ... she 's a lover , not a fighter . sanka you be right ... I say we call she the ' sex Machine ! ' irv oh , God ! derice how about cool running . sanka beautiful ! junior I like it . yul very strong . irv what 's it mean ? derice it mean peace be the journey . 60 . sanka yeah . junior peace be the journey . yul that 's what it mean . sanka say the name loudly and proudly . sanka cool running ! all of a sudden the mountain explode with a echo of sanka 's voice . sanka' echo cool running ! cool running ! cool running ! this blow everybody 's mind and they all look to each other as if it 's a omen . then they all start shouting joyously . all cool running ! the mountain explode in a rumbling chorus of cool running . ext . the bobsled facility everybody 's there . the East Germans , the swiss , the Soviets , etc . four team be line up wait for they practice run . Three other be do ' dry 's push -start over by the push-start strip . other sledder polish they runner , work on they sleds , stretch , meditate and generally prepare . the entire area .is alive with voice , ENERGY and activity ! inte the middle of this walk we four heroe ( minus irv ) . they stand there mesmerize by all the going on . they black skin stand out like neon among the white snow and white face . bll of a sudden , almost as if on cue , all the sledder notice the jamaican . the activity and noise come to a immediate halt . the entire hill be silently gawking at our boy . the four guy stare at everyone stare at they . they be more than uncomfortable . ext . top of the hill - cont 'd the jamaican stare down the hill in amazement . ' cool running ' be on the track next to they all ready to go . sanka ch , my God ... it go on forever . derice actually , it 's 4967 foot ... it 's a brand new course . no one 's ever race on it ... that 's why everybody 's here early . junior it seem somewhat steeper than the hill we have in Jamaica , sanka steeper , deeper , and you can keep she . beat . yul anybody else cold ? sanka cold ... mon ? I be freezin ' my royal rastafarian nut off . junior it be a bit chilly . sanka let 's bobsle tomorrow . derice tomorrow 's suppose to be even colder . sanka damn , it 's a nice day for a sleigh ride . the jam put they helmet on . when sanka put on he helmet , he dread stick out of the bottom , the whole hill crack up . irv come up behind the boy . 62 . irv alright , fella , this be it ... what you have all be wait for ... you boy be about to get you first piece of ass bobsle style ? the boy take a nice big gulp . irv notice that the other bobsledder be watch they . irv ( cont . ) climb in . junior climb in . I do not understand . derice ai not we gonna push start ? irv on this first run , I will nudge you off . sanka good idea ! CUT to : kurt hemphill stand off to the side watch with another official . ext . top of the track ~ cont 'd the four guy be get settle in the sled . they try to get comfortable . the entire hill start laugh . a german sledder call out . german sledder hey coach ... you gonna tuck they in too ?! irv bristle at the comment . sanka take he lucky egg out of he pocket and kiss it . derice this be not time to eat no egg . sanka I be not eatin’ it . T kissin’ it . derice turn around shaking he head . 63 . sanka ( cont 'd ) @ ( turn to yul ) you want to kiss my egg ? yul look at he like he 's nut . sanka ( cont . ) suit yourself , he carefully put the egg back inside he sweatshirt . irv give he final instruction . irv everybody , listen up ... do not worry about tryin' to look good out there ... you guy be beginner and that 's nothin ' to be embarrassed of . josef grool look on . he whisper something in he buddy 's ear and they both crack up . irv ( cont . ) remember , bobsled be not like other sport ... there 's no gettin ' you foot wet and seein ' if you like it ... you gotta dive in and swim for 6 you life ... now , over the next couple of week I might do some thing that seem a little mean ... believe I , it 's all in you best interest . sanka raise he hand . irv ( cont . ) what be it , sanka ? sanka I gotta go ... ( he point to he lap . ) you know . derice there 's no time for that . sanka why not ? we be not bobsleddin ' yet ? irv oh , yes we be ! it irv kick the sled with he foot and it start down the hill . 64 . the sled wobble off , slowly at first , but then quickly accelerate . the camera follow as the sled start to fly down the tunnel of ice . sanka ( v.0 . ) shiiiiiiit !! inside the sled as it rumble like a jackhammer into the belly of a curve , smack into the wall , head for the lip , then jackknife and come out of the turn . the entire sled facing backward . junior scream at the top cf he lung as sanka pray . yul grit he tooth . the sled now whip into the finish curve , smack it like a pinball and cross the finish line backward . but instead of slow down , it keep on fly . people be force to jump out of the way , scream . derice brake , sanka , brake !!! sanka , now in front , pull the brake and the sled slam to a short stop . junior 's mouth be wide open in a silent scream . sanka 's eye be close tight . sanka be it over ? kurt hemphill and the other official look on . kurt look at that clown ... someone 's gonna have to stop this . int . the bedroom - night sanka , yul and junior be sit around the room . junior 's use a ' lint roller ' on he pants , yul 's play solitaire and sanka 's read a comic book . a pan of bananas cook on a hotplate by sanka 's bed . yul pull the read lamp away from sanka so it shine on he card . sanka pull it back , but yul just do it again . yul shut that hot plate down , fool ... they bananas stinkin ' like a dead dog . 65 . sanka ignore yul , so yul reach over sanka to shut the hotplate off . sanka cut it out , head wax , I be readin ' ! yul what you mean readin ' , .. they thing be for little child . sanka oh , be that so ? yul yah , that 's so . sanka well , if they for little child , that mean they too advanced for the like of you . yul you sayin ' I be not no smarter than a little child ? sanka what I be sayin be , you be the kind of club totin ' cave man bastard that count to ten by stompin ' with he foot . yul go over to the dresser and start whippin ' through the drawer . yul go ahead , boy , enjoy yourself . say whatever you want ... we can see sanka get nervous . maybe yul 's look for a gun . yul ( cont 'd ) you be just like every other fool on the island ... goin ' nowhere fast and thrilled to death about it . yul have find what he be look for . yul ( cont 'd ) but you seé , I be different ... I know where I be goin 's ... and after I be famous for winnin’ the Olympic , I be e@ gonna be livin ' right here ! 66 . yul whip around hold a picture postcard of the ' whit e house . ' sanka see this and start to laugh he head off . yul ( cont 'd ) what 's so damn funny ? sanka ( fight through laughter ) that 's the White House ! yul I know what color it be ... what about it ? sanka nothin ' about it ... it 's just if you plan on livin ' there , you gonna have to evict the goddamn president . junior ( explain to yul ) yul , that 's where the president of the United States life . yul be so embarrassed he can not speak . he wrap he fist around the postcard and crumple it violently , wishing it @ be sanka 's head , and throw it on the floor . sanka face it , brenner , you gonna end up in a out-house shanty like every other dockworkin ' sucker ~ jon . junior say who ? sanka say I , rich boy . what you know about it ? junior I know my father start off ina one room hut , and now he life in one of the biggest home in Kingston . sanka {re : yul ) well he be not you father . 67 . junior he do not have to be . all he have to do be know what he want and work hard for it . if he want it bad enough , he will get it ... believe I , the more guy like yul brenner we get makin ' it , the better off this world would be , especially for jamaican . junior go over and pick up the crumpled postcard . he straighten it out and hand it back to yul . junior ( cont 'd ) ( genuine ) go ahead , yul brenner . go get you White House . int . momma coffie' bar close on : a old 50 's telephone . pull back to reveal Joy on the phone . momma coffie wash glass at the other end of the bar . joy derice , I can barely hear you ... what you say ? int . a payphone — same derice sit in a phonebooth talk on the phone to Joy . derice {on phone ) I say , I do not know what 's gonna happen ... this bobsled thing 's a lot harder than I think . joy derice ... I know you can do it . all you get to do be stick with it and everything gonna be fine . int . HOTEL lobby - same sanka step out of the elevator mumble to himself . sanka well , if he movin ' into the whitehouse ... I '' movin’ into the goddamn statue of Liberty . 68 . circle with he thumb and forefingers and bring they to he eye like upside down binocular . he get a big smile on he face . @ sanka see something and stop dead in he track . he make sanka' Pov : two beautiful , tall , identical blonde twin . sanka ( v.0 ) bingo ! int . momma cofie' bar . ~ same Joy 's turn . Joy and never forget , I love you . we hear derice on the other end . derice { v.0 . ) I love you too ? int . lobby ~— same ) sanka introduce himself to the blonde twin . sanka you girl better tell I you name right away ' cause when I dream about you last night , I could only call you ' baby ! ' gorgeous blonde # 1 I be uba and this be eeba ... we be belong to the norweigan ski team . sanka and I be the ' coffie ' ' and you the cream and I be belong to the jamaican bobsle team . uba wow !!! how cool !!! listen , we be know a good place to dance ... you like to party , sanka ? sanka lead on , my little scandinavian snow bunny . @ sanka put he arm around the girl and head for the door . 6s . eeba be you know Bob marley ? sanka know he ?... I and Bobby be like that . sanka cross he finger to show how close they be . they all exit . ext . top of the hill - next morning close on : derice , shaking he head . next to derice , irv pace nervously . junior and yul be sit in ' cool running ' wait . sanka be nowhere to be find . derice I can not believe he 's late again . the starter approach irv. starter you get three minute , coach . rither take you run or pass ... if you do not want you slot , I get twenty ~nine other team that do . irv this be great ... two week till show - time and you guy have not even have a goddamn push~start . just then we hear the roar of a engine . a snowmobile pull up nearly run irv over . it 's sanka . he 's sandwich between the two norwegian skier . uba 's drive . sanka climb off . he 's in he bobsled clothes . he blow the girl a kiss . sanka {to the girl ) see you again tonight , lady ... same bat-time , same bat~channel . the girl wave and skoot off on the snow~mobile . sanka head for the team , derice be on he in a flash . derice where the hell you be ? 70 . sanka lose in Norway . derice Three more minute and you would of cost we we run . sanka good thing uba know that shert - cut . ext . top of the track - same cool running be on the track and the boy be in they start position . irv give they a few last word . irv this be you first push start , so do not try to set any world record . all you gotta do be get in the sled . the four boy take a deep breath , then they start to rock the sled . they push off like they be shot out of a cannon , but they be run so fast , they can not get in . sanka let 's go first , then junior , yul and derice ... the four boy be actually chasing a empty sled down the track . ext . top of the hill we see a man with a camera up to he eye . next to he be kurt hemphill . hemphill now ! ! a flashbulb pop , freezing the image of the boy chase a empty sled in black & white . hemphill ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I want that photograph everywhere . close on : a newspaper photograph of the boy chase the empty sled . pull back to reveal it 's become the cover photo of the ' Kingston gleaner . ' and the ' gleaner ' be in the hand of Mr. coolidge . int . barrington coolidge's office - jamaica coolidge stare at the photo and shake he head in embarrassment . 71 . coolidge I know this be a bad idea . ext . newstand , jamaica two men stare at the photograph laugh they head off . two other man peek over they shoulder to see what they be laugh at . it 's uncle ferte and Joseph . joseph they boy get Jamaica lookin ' the fool in front de ' entire world . ferte I just do not understand . ext . the bevil be patio - jamaica the newspaper be slam down on a table . up stand whitby bevil sr.. there 's fire come out of he ear . he go over to a phone , pick it up and dial . bevil {into phone ) I want to send a telegram ... Calgary ! ext . top of the hill - day the swiss be ready to roll . they captain go up and start slapping he teammate in the head and scream in they face . they slap and scream back . ( this be how they get psyched . ) they prepare to push off , rock the sled hard . swiss captain ein ... Zvei ... drei ! the swiss explode out of the block and get in the sled like a perfect machine . derice watch mesmerize . derice ( to himself ) ein ... Zvei ... drei. Larry ( kurt 's henchman ) approach derice . larry you guy be not do too well , be you ? 72 . derice what ?... we will be fine . larry be that sa ? derice coach smuin be not worried and either be I . larry wake up , kid ... irv 's what 's kill you , ... he 's be useless since the day he be bust . derice what you talkin’ ' bout , bust ? larry you know ... saporro ... nothin ' like a little extra weight in the runner to make you sled go faster ? derice ( fake ) that be not no big thing ? larry get throw out of the Olympic for cheating be not no big thing . irv come up behind they . irv ( to derice ) come on , let 's get a run in . derice head for the sled . irv ( cont 'd ) ( to Larry ) give my driver a few pointer , eh Larry ? larry the kid 's gonna need all the help he can get . irv watch as Larry walk away . 73. ext . the track the guy be in they start position . they push off and scramble in awkwardly . they make it , but yul and junior be face each other in the middle . junior hey , yul ...f think you face the wrong way . the sled start to pick up speed and begin rip through the turn . they rattle down a straight -away . they cross the finish line , slow by world class standard , but they cross . derice stand up and ask the official timer . derice what we time ? timer 1:10.7 ... the other boy stand up proud . sanka bow . sanka , yul , and junior share high - fives but derice know how much further they still have to go . kurt hemphill stand with other bobsled official . they all shake there head as kurt jot thing down in a notebook . int . boy ' HOTEL room ~ night junior and yul be alone in the room . junior be get all fancie up in front of the mirror , suit , tie , the work . yul sit on he bed watch he like he 's a freak show . yul puttin 's on you very special , eh ? junior oty he tie ) uh huh . yul come over and get a closer look . yul where you go , funeral ? junior no , just out . 74 , yul pick up one of junior 's dress loafer . it have a shoe ree in it . yul all you shoe come with wooden foot in ‘em ? junior it *s call a shoe tree . junior slap some cologne on . yul pick up the bottle and smell it . he make a terrible face . there 's a knock at the door . junior get up and open the door , revealing a young woman in a messenger 's outfit . messenger ( accent ) for a junior bevil I be look . junior that 's I . messenger sign . junicr sign . the messenger exit . yul what you get , mon ? junior it 's a telegram ... from my father ! yul I know they ... like a letter , only faster . junior open the telegram and read . junior it 's over ! yul what 's over ? 75 . junior {in shock ) he know . he know it all ... the team , the car , the job , everything . he say either I come home right now or I do not come home at ail . yul do not you be listenin’ to that ! junior oh , God . why do I lie to he ?.. what could I possibly have be think ? of course he find out . he find out everything ... would you go downstairs and call I a cab ? yul no. junior why not ? yul ' Cause you be not leave ! ext . bobsled track - night derice and irv be walk the track from the finish line up . the moonlight on the ice have a luminous , surreal quality . Irving point to certain curve and call they name . derice hold he hand against the wall of the track follow irv 's lead . irv always remember , drive be a state of mind ... the mental be to the physical as four be to one ... now , in the omega , show I where you get on and off . derice ( trance like ) in the omega , this be where I get on , and this be where I get off . irv ( simply ) believe I , when you hit it right , you will know it ... the first time I nail a big turn in competition , it be better than sex . 76 . @ int . bar ~ night the country western combo be churn out a heartfelt version of " rhinestone cowboy . ' the dance floor be full of local . ( the man be dress in cowboy hat and boot , the woman in western skirt . ) they be all happily dance a simple two - ~ step as the singer give it everything he 's get . in the middle of this country western hoedown be sanka , uba and eeba . sanka look like he 's autistic as he keep stop and start , try to find the beat so he can do he patent ' stomp dance . ' uba and eeba just stand , bored , hope the music will change . uba this music be so not cool . sanka , now fully frustrated , throws he hand in the AIR . we pan from the dance floor to a table where yul and junior be sit , a half drunk pitcher of beer beside they and a empty pitcher next to that . they be a little drunk . yul and let I tell you something else . if it be not for you , we would not even be here . junior but you do not understand . he 's really mad ... when he get like this it 's usually best to just do what he want . yul not this time ... think on it ; you father want you to come home and forget about you teammate and all we do work for ... I mean , for God 's sake , mon ! you act like he 's the king of the whole damn world . the man 's just flesh and blood like you and I . junior ( slamm he head and hand on the table ) what am I gonna do ? josef grool , the german driver , just happen to be walk e * grool ( accent ) hey , Jamaica , keep it down ... you be not own this place ! juntor I be sorry ... I do not mean to bother anyone . grool put he finger in junior 's chest . grool you have no business here , Jamaica ... you and you stupid friend ... play like you be bobsledder ... vy do not you get ona leaky boat and go back to vhere it be you come from . junior I say I be sorry . grocl and I say you be shit . yul stand up and let he presence be feel . grool move on , junior tell I the truth . be that my fault ? yul head for the restroom . yul let 's go ! int . bathroom , bar ~ cont'd junior 's face fill the bathroom mirror . yul ( v.0 . ) alright , tell I what you see . junior I see junior . yul want to know what I see ? I see pride . I see power . I see @ bad - ass mother who be not takin 's no crap off nobody . 78. junior ( in the mirror ) you really see all that ? yul Hell , yes ! but it be not about what TI seein ' ... it 's about what you seein’ . now , tell I what you see . junior I see ...uh ... yul pride ! junior pride . yul I see power ! junior power . yul I see a bad ass mother . junior who be not takin ' no crap off nobody ! yul again ! junior look in the mirror . he 's bad . junior I see pride . I see power . I see a bad~ass mother who be not takin ' no crap off nobody . yul now , you be talkin’ . junior bolt out the bathroom door . yul ( cont 'd ) where 's he 's goin ? 73 . int . bar ~ cont 'd sanka be now on stage with the band . he and the lead singer share the ' mike ' on a smokin ' version of Bob marley 's ' I shot the sherieff . ' now it be the local who stand still with confuse express ~ ion as uba and eeba tear up the dance floor . grool stand at the bar with a scowl on he face as he watch sanka prance around the stage sing . close on : a finger tapping grool cn the shoulder . grool turn around to find junior in he face , junior now , you listen to I , buddy ... i will not be talk to that way .. , you better come up with a damn good apology or else . grocl or else vat ? junior or else ...uh.. grool push junior hard in the chest . grool or else vat ?! yul wait to see if junior can handle it . junior uh..uh ... grool send junior fly inte a table . grool come on , Jamaica , say something ! yul how 's this . yul nail grool with a massive shot to the chop . in a flash , three of the other german slider grab yul and , before you can say ' joie de vivre , 's we be in a full scale bar brawl ( a un - willing junior and yul against everyone else in the joint} . 80 . sanka leap off the stage hold the mike stand like a bayonet . sanka ( cont 'd ) rastafari ! sanka charge the into the crowd , junior punch someone in the face , then get hit over the head with a bottle . yul toss bad guy about two and three at a time . sanka now hang from the chandelier kick people . uba and eeba be knee bad guy in the ball . the fight continue as police siren be hear get closer . ext . top of the track irv and derice look out over the track . irv you be damn right it 's hard , but you keep on pushin ' ... and if you be lucky , you might just be there when it happen ... when you heart start beatin ' a mile a minute and you ear be fill with the sound of speed ... that ' 's the moment when heaven come to visit and you see the face of God ... that 's bobsled . derice irv ... what happen in saporro ? close on : irv , as he look down over the entire track , lose in he own world , irv ( cont 'd ) {it all come back ) I love this goddamn sport . all of a sudden a policeman come ' trudging up the path . he call down to irv. policeman one of you guy know a irv smuin ? 81 . int . jail cell yul , junior and sanka be in the slammer . they clothes now in shred . they be share a cell with four outrageously drunk cowboys in ten -gallon hat . a flask be be secretly pass around and we boy be pretty drunk . two of the cowboys be teach yul and junior how to yell ' weehaww doggy !' yul be get the hang of it . junior kinda squeak he . sanka teach the other two cowboys to stomp dance . a policeman lead irv and derice to the cell . they can not believe they eye . policeman they be all yours . irv give a nice fake smile as we cut to yul finish with a flourish . yul weeeehawww ! int . boy ' HOTEL room - night derice address the guy . they look like little kid wait to be punish . derice look at yourselves ... you '’re disgraceful . we come here to get to the Olympic ... not to drink and fight and chase woman . yul but that german rascal go and push my teammate . ' nuff respect ... we have to fight ! derice you do not see the swiss team figh - ting .. you do not see the swiss team drink and carry on . 82 . sanka @ and you do not see the swiss team smile neither . in fact , if one of that swiss rastaS come across a naked woman , he would probably rock she back and forth and push she down some ice . irv come burst through the door . irv everything 's okay ... I tell the judge you guy be mentally retarded and he throw the case out . sanka ( sing song ) irvy pull a fast one . irv ( all business ) shut -up , sanka ... maybe you all have not notice , but we be not win any popularity contest . they hate I . they hate you . they hate we . @ derice nod he head . irv ( cont 'd ) now , we get one week leave .... you can either make history or you can make fool of yourselves ... you can climb to the top of the mountain or you can climb on a bus back home ... the choice be yours .. , . but mark my word , if you want to get to the Olympic , then you gotta sit down and take a nice deep look inside ... ( he point to he own heart . ) that 's the place you find the thing that get you to the show . all the boy look up now . he 's get they attention . int . boy ' HOTEL room - pre-dawn close on : a ringing alarm clock . it read 5:00 a.m... 83 . boom ! the light be on . sanka , yul , and junior stagger awake , groan , shield they eye from the light . derice , already dress in he training outfit , be in the middle of the room run in place , bring he knee up to touch he palm . derice ( while run let 's go everybody . rise and shine . rise and shine ... it 's ass~ kickin ' time ! ext . top of the track - day the boy knock off a so-so push=start and climb in the sled . irv click a stop-watch as they pass he . irv ( to himself ) 6.6... no go ! int . sled house — day the sled house be jam pack with every nationality of white person know to man , the driver of the different team be all meticulously polish they runner . we hear a ' wild goulash ' of different language as we pan over to see derice , awkwardly try to polish he runner . he see a cocky josef grool polish he runner with short fast stroke and try to do the same . grool give derice a nasty snicker . int . calgary ice arena ~ night the boy practice they push~start . they push cool running past the camera go one way and jump in . the whistle blow and covl running be go the other way and they jump in . back and forth , back and forth , faster and faster and faster . int . HOTEL room the guy be seat single file on the floor in they bobsle order . irv stand before they with blow - up photo of the track 's different curve . he show they like ' flashcard . ' irv show the first pheto . derice omega !! 84 . the otrer lefti ! they all lean to the leave . ext . the middle of the track the boy rattle through a serious curve . irv ( v.0 . ) no , no , noi you be still too low ! int . the boy ' room ~ night derice stand alone in the middle of the room . he have he eye close and he hand out ( as if he be drive ) . he bob and sway as he drive the course in he mind . the other guy be off to derice 's right , sit single file , sway back and forth in unison on they own imaginary course . int . the boy ' room - late night the clock read ' 11:30 . ' all four of the guy be sound asleep as we hear something pinging against the window . this wake sanka . he get out of bed and go to the window and look down . sanka 's Pov : uba and eeba be toss pebble up at the window . sanka lift the window open . uba sanka-baby , where you be ? sanka sorry , lady , sanka -baby can not play with you no more . eeba sanka-baby do not like uba and eeba ? sanka sanka-baby love ube and eeba , but sanka-baby tryin' to get to the Olympic . 85 . ext . top of the track the guy perform a solid push~start and jump into the sled . irv good ... I want that head down ! int . sled house derice be alone with the swiss driver . they both polish they runner . derice notice that unlike grool , the swiss driver polish he runner with long fluid stroke . the swiss driver look over to derice and wink . ext . middle of the track they take a combination turn . they nre smoking ! irv ( v.0 . ) keep it high ... keep it high ... now you be talk ! int . sledhouse the place be once again pack . grool look over at derice who be now use the long fluid stoke . a slight look of concern come over grool 's face . ext . finish line cool running cross the finish line . the boy be all business . irv click the stop-watch and look at it . irv yes ... . yes ... yes ... yes ... yes !!! ( Music end ) int . the boy ' HOTEL bathroom - day sanka be seat on the close toilet . he wear a blindfold and smoke a cigarette . derice be next to he . he have a scissors in one hand and one of sanka 's dread in the other . yul and junior can not look . they sneak a peek through they hand . b6 . sanka this be not right , mon ... I do not even get a last meal . derice bring the scissor to the ' dread ' and squeeze for all he 's worth . nothing . he do it again , this time use both hand . still nothing . he look at the scissors and shake he head . int . the HOTEL room - later we pan down the line of boy . they be wear they aerodynamic bobsle suit complete with the skin-tight hood . as we stop on each of they , they pull they crash helmet on . sanka be last . his skin tight hood look like a pot plant with all he ' dread ' tuck underneath . he struggle to pull he helmet on . ext , the hill - day close on : three sixty year -old judge in suit and tie . one of they be kurt hemphill . the other two be shindler and kreoycz2heck . they each hold a clipboard and pen . irv smuin approach the three judge . irv ( to kurt ) what happen to gremmer ? kurt he get sick . kroychzeck we be ready , Mr. smuin . irv go and gather he boy around he . he share some final word , they look tense to say the least . irv alright , troops . , .. here it be , three month of hard work come down to one lousy run ... you keep it under one minute , you win a trip to the Olympic ... you do not ... you win a trip back home . a7 . ext . top of the track the boy be in they push-start position . irv watch from the side of the hill . kurt hemphill and the two other judge look on from a few foot away . ( binoculars around they neck . ) the jam rock the sled hard and explode out of the block , scream . they complete the push-start and be in the sled . irv click he stopwatch . irv 6.1... damnnit ! the camera track cool running as it rocket into curve one . the judge follow the sled through they binocular . cool running come out of curve # 2 and take a high line into the omega . irv ( cont . ) come on ... hold it ! close on : derice , desperately try to keep it together as the sled vibrate through the turn and bottom out into the straightaway . he come away in good order . irv ( cont . } thataboy ! irv take a pull on he inhaler and look at he stopwatch . cool running take the straightaway in good order and go into the final hi-bank turn . irv ( cont . ) no mistake , derice ... right now ! the sled take the final turn go well . they cross the finish line . irv click he stop - watch . he take a deep breath , look to the heavens , then look to the watch . irv ( cont . ) 59.4...59.4 inv go over to the official timer who be also hold a stop-watch . 8b . irv ( cont . ) } what do you get ? timer 59.4 . irv I too , baby , I too ! irv do a little jig . kurt hemphill watch as irv run toward the finish line , he fist in the air . 5 irv ( cont . ) we do it ... we do it !! int . federation conference room ~- later that day the nine official of INTERNATIONAL bobsled federation sit around a conference table . we pan from face to face as they all listen to the follow voice over . kurt ( v.0 . ) not only will they destroy what should be we great moment , but they could very well deal a blow to we image that this sport may never recover from ... the camera go to two official nodd they head . kurt ( v.o. ) ( cont . ) ... therefore , it be in my opinion ... the camera have now find kurt . kurt ( cont . ) ... that we use we govern power to disqualify they from compete in the 1988 Calgary Olympic . a murmur of acknowledgement roll through the room . but one official speak up . official but , on what grounds ... they do everything that be ask of they . 89 . kurt oh , come now , gentleman ... there must be some shortcome we have all overlock . some official nod , some sit stoic . some even go so far as to smile . kurt ( cont . ) all that who wish to show that they be in favor of disqualify the jamaican bobsle team may now do so with a show of hand . all nine hand go up . int . bar - that night close on : four hand hold up bottle of coke for a toast . pull back to reveal four ecstatic jamaican smile ear to ear . derice to follow you dream and never give up no matter what . the boy howl they approval , clink they bottle together and drink . sanka be so exuberant that he just can not help but dance . the other watch and laugh . sanka spot irv at the door . sanka hey , sled -god ... come on over and join the party !! irv walk over to the guy . his posture be very serious . there be absolutely no joy in he body . derice look at irv and know something be not right . derice what 's wrong ? close on : irv. his face be a picture of doom . int . momma coffie be ~ next day Joy stand at the bar on the telephone . 90 . joy do they give you a reason why ? int . HOTEL lobby - cont'd derice be on the payphone . derice they say we have not run in any official race irv say it 's just a bunch of b.s. , but there 's nothing we can do about it . int . momma coffie' —- next day Joy stand at the bar on the telephone . joy {into phone ) I be so sorry , sweetheart ... I do not know what to say . int . HOTEL lobby - cont'd derice be on the payphone . derice there be not nothin ' to say ... I just can not believe it 's over . irv come walk around the corner when he notice derice on the phone . he stop and listen . derice ( v.0o . ) ( cont . ) I can not understand how , after all we do be through , it could end like this ... who know , maybe everyone be right ... maybe it be just never mean to be . close on : irv. he be not goin ' down without a fight . he march out of the lobby . int . federation office - i5 minute later the office be empty except for a female secretary behind a desk . irv come barging through the door and go right up to the secretary . 91 . irv I be here to see kurt hemphill . secretary I be sorry , Mr. hemphill be in a important meeting with the other federation official . irv beautiful . irv blast past the secretary . secretary Sir ... you be not allow in there ! int . kurt office - cont 'd kurt , shindler , kroychzeck and four other official we have not see before be sit at a conference table when irv come barging through the door . irv alright , kurt ... I want to talk to you . shindler cut irv off shindler I be sorry , Mr. smuin . there 's nothing the talk about . irv oh , yes there be ... I want to know why you disqualified my guy ! kroychzeck chip in . kroychzeck as you be tell ... you team must compete in a World Cup Series race in order to qualify for the Olympic . irv but in a Olympic year the ' qualifier 's count as a World Cup Series race . 92 . shindler that may have be true in past Olympic year , but this year the federation have decide to change its policy . irv ( disbelief ) Change its policy ?! a german official chip in . german official the federation have the right to do whatever they feel be in the best interest of the sport . irv I think make sure that the right team end up in Calgary be in the best interest of the sport . a french official speak up . french official we only concern be not simply what make for the best competition ... we must also be concerned about the potential for embarrassment . irv I do not know four black guy ina bobsle could make you blush . shindler I think we have hear enough . irv Excuse I , but I have not finish with my appeal . kroychzeck what appeal ? irv grab a piece of paper off the table , spit on it , and slap it back down , 93 . irv @ this appeal ... now , I do a lot to help this sport and I do a lot to hurt it ... but I have pay for my mistake and I have pay hard ... that 's gotta be worth at least a minute of you time . the board be silent ... irv continue . beat . irv ( cont 'd ) twenty year ago I win my first gold medal , and a lot of the people in this room say it be a fluke ... that the Americans get lucky ... well , I think by now that of you who think that would admit that you be wrong , and that when we break the great european dynasty , it be the best thing that have ever happen to this sport ... what if you have decide to keep we out of the Olympic ?... what if you have say , " oh , they be just a bunch of upstart . they be no good for the be image of the sport . '' right at kurt . irv ( cont . ) where would you be , coach ... if they have keep we out in ' 68 ?... you ... who never lose you faith while everybody laugh and taunt we ... you , .. who do more than anybody to change the face of ' bobsle - ding ... I know I let you down , kurt ... I know I break you heart in saporro , but do not take it out on my guy . they be who we be twenty year ago ... and it do not matter if they finish first or fiftieth ... to all of they . 94 . irv ( cont .} ... they deserve a chance to represent they country and march into that stadium ... they deserve the the chance to wave they nation 's flag ... that 's the great honor any athlete can ever have ... and that 's what the Olympic be all about . kurt start to shift in he seat . the committee sit silent . irv turn and head for the door . irv ( cont 'd ) we plane leave in three hour ... let we know what you decide . int . the boy ' HOTEL room —- two and a kalf hour later the bag be pack and by the door . the boy be dress to go home . they sit on they bed ringing they hand . irv check he watch as he pace like a cage panther . the boy look to each other , then to irv. the tension be insane . the phone ring . sanka nearly jump out of he skin . everybody stare at the phone , but nobody move to answer it . on the second ring irv pick it up . irv ( no visible emotion ) hello ... uh huh ... uh huh ...u uh huh ... alright , thank you . he hang up the phone . the boy ' eye be on he , but irv just stand there , derice well ?! irv raise one fist in the air . sanka yelp with joy , junior jump on yul and derice be near tear as he silently thanks God . slow dissolve to : the ground move close and fast . we hear a runner 's rhythmic breathing . pull back to reveal 35 . a little girl run . she carry the Olympic torch into a tunnel that lead to the Olympic stadium . int . olympic village live quarter we see the reflection of the four boy side by side in the mirror , they wear tropical yellow ski jacket , green slack , and yellow and green ski hat . sanka wear bamboo sunglass . sanka I be feel very Olympic this afternoon . he and derice give each other five . ext . the top of a palm tree next to momma coffie be bar ~ same we ear be fill with radio static as a little boy hold a wire in one hand as he cling to a couple of coconut with the other . Winston ( the boy from the derby ) yell up to he . winston he say farther to the leave . the boy reach the wire out farther to the leave . int . momma coffie be - same there be now a huge crowd gather around the radio . everyone we know from the movie and more . Joy 's entire school class be there . they have a blackboard set up that list the name of all the bobsle competitor and a place for they time and standing . ferte play with the radio dial , but all he can get be static . ferte ( fiddling with the dial ) blasted ! momma coffie come on , ferte , you old horse thief . the damn pageant be about to start . ferte turn a dial , bot we just hear more static . 96 . there be a hub~bub of anticipation in the air as everyone wait for the static to clear , but it turn to a curious hum as barrington coolidge walk into the bar and over to Joy and uncle ferte . coolidge what 's the matter ?... can not decide what to listen to ? joy we gonna listen to the Olympic ... we just waitin’ for uncle ferte to get the radio workin’ . coolidge oh , I see ... well then , maybe this will help . everyone's eye be on coolidge as he gesture toward the door and a large screen tv be rolled in on dolly . the place goe wild . joy I think you do not believe in they . coolidge ( cat-bird grin ) be you kid ? I be behind they from the start . int . stadium runway - day the four jamaican wait nervously as they prepare to go out and march in the open ceremonies . the other athlete ignore they . grool whisper in the ear of he teammate but loud enough to be hear by the jam . grool they better enjoy the parade ... it 's the last time they be go to be smile . irv come by . it 's time . irv here we go . int . momma coffie be the crowd be now gather around a giant screen tv . Mr. coolidge aim the remote control at the set as everyone stare on . but instead of turn the tv on himself , he hand the remote to momma coffie . momma coffie turn the set on as everybody cheer . close on : the giant screen tv . it show the follow . a tremendous burst of applause and cheering as the runner jog into the stadium with the torch in front of 60,000 spectator . the open ceremony for the winter olympic game have begin . the center of all the excitement be the parade of nation . the finest athlete in the world emerge from the tunnel wear they national color as they wave to the crowd . the Americans , the chinese , the czech , the french , the Germans , the irish , the italian ... and now the jamaican march out of the tunnel . Irving be pop he button . sanka have he solar- energy smile on . junior be wave , sure -foote . yul have a easy air about he . derice march in front , wave the flag of jamaica for the first time in a winter Olympic . int . the guy * room , olympic village ~ night irv sit on the end of the bed . the guy sit on the floor before he . irv alright , fella , tomorrow 's the big day . he get up off the bed . irv ( cont . ) now , most coaches would probably go for a ' win one for the gipper ' speech , but I be not real good at that stuff ... so , instead , I will be lead we ali in 2 little psalm of inspiration . 9b . they form a circle , get on one knee , bow they head , and clasp hand . irv ( cont 'd ) we Father , who art in insbruck , bobsle be thy name . we Kingdom come , gold medal win , on earth as in turn seven with liberty and push - start for all ... amen . the guy amen . there 's a knock at the door . they all look at each other . then yul go to answer it . yul open the door halfway . stand there be whitby bevil sr.. bevil alright , where 's junior ? yul know who this be . he open the door the rest of the way , revealing junior to he father and junior 's father to everyone . smash CUT : int . olympic village hallway ~ cont'd bevil be set junior straight . bevil now , you listen to I , boy . you might not have do what you be ask , but you will do what you be tell , .. you be come home . junior but ... bevil but nothin ' ... now go in there and pack you thing . junior what about my teammate ? bevil what about they ? gs . junior e they need I . bevil ( get work up } you be damn right they need you , but you do not need they ... I do not send you to the finest school so you could end up slidin’ on you ass with a bunch of common shanty foik ! sunior {almost yell ) how can you say that ?... you come from the shanty !!! bevil slap junior in the face . beat . junior 's whole expression change and he look he father in the eye . junior ( cont . ) Father , when you look at I , what do you see ? bevil go and pack you thing . i'11 wait e@ in the limousine . junior look at I ! this startles bevil . junior ( cont'd tell I what you see ! bevil ( up to the challenge ) I see a stubborn little boy with a head full of foolish dream . junior you know what , father ? you be right ... I be stubborn ... stubborn when I be force to stand up for what I believe in . and all my dream be foolish ... till the day I make they true . we CUT to yul behind the door listening . then back to junior . junior ( cont ‘d ) you be very right about both of that thing ... but there 's one place where you be wrong ... I be not a little boy ... I be aman . and if you can not accept that ... I will not ever be come home . bevil turn and walk down the hallway . close on : junior . the consequence of he action be all over he face . he take a deep breath and walk back in the room . int . the guy ' room ~- cont 'd junior walk in . everybody stare at he to see if he 's okay . yul hey , junior bevil . junior what ? yul you a bad ass mother . junior practically collapse in yul 's arm . ext . top of the bobsled track - dawn a huge tractor trailer haul sleds up the mountain . track worker unload the sleds and deposit they near the start house . the first day of the Olympic , control truck , camera , cable , all that tv jive . coaches and slider look over they sleds as they polish they blade . int . momma coffie be ~ same Close on the tv . jim mckay oh , Canada , indeed . this be Jim mckay live with Bob beatie from the beautiful new bobsled venue just a few mile outside of downtown Calgary . the crowd cheer . 101 . ext . top of the track the red and white sled of the swiss team be ready to go . they smack each other helmet as they psych up for they run . we CUT to derice , who look on , mesmerize by every nuance . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) the first team to take on this spectacular new course be the swiss # 1 sled . the swiss team roar as they push off . the competition be underway . ( rockin ' olympic music kick in . ) the swiss go high through a bank turn . the canadian cross the finish line . the crowd cheer . the USA push off . the scoreboard flash a time of 58.13 . the electronic scoreboard read : 1 . bast germany 2 . u.s.s.r. 3 . USA 4 . switzerland 5 . CANADA . int . momma coffie be the blackboard be fill with all the team and time . the only team with no time next to it be the jamaican . Close on the tv . jim mckay and the last team up , on this first day of competition , be from the island of ... Jamaica ? the entire bar go wild . 102 . bob beatie this jamaican squad be some story . they take a unorthodox route get here and there be quite a few team who say they have no business be in the Olympic at all . jim mckay can you give they any serious consideration for a medal ? bob beatie not this century . the crowd at momma coffie 's boo . ext . top of the hill - cont 'd cool running be on the track . derice come over to sanka and start slapping he in the head . sanka what 's the matter with you ? you crazy ? derice that 's how the swiss be gettin ' each other ready ! sanka they make they little pocket knife too , but I do not see you doin ' that . ext . top of the track - cont'd the boy take they start position . derice come on , fella ... let 's show they who we be . sanka take out he egg and kiss it . the boy begin rock the sled . derice ( possess ) ein ... Zvei ... dreii !! 103 . they push cff for everything they be worth , but when it 's time to get in the sled , it deteriorate into a chinese fire drill . somehow they all get in as the sled bang from wail to wall . int . momma coffie' the home crowd watch in silent rapture . jim mckay 8.6 ... not much of a start time but at least they make it into the sled . the crowd grow more concerned as they listen . bob beatie they take a strange line through ' omega 's and they be ricochete off the wall like a pinball ... it say here the driver 's name be derice bannock , but to tell the truth , it look more like the sled 's drive he . joy {re : the radio announcer ) this fool better watch he mouth . momma coffie tell he , girl ! uncle ferte put he arm around Joy . we cut to momma coffie who go into good luck voo- doo mode , mumble incantation to herself . jim mckay they go into the three turn of labyrinth ... oh , Mary ! they head be flopping around like rag doll as they come across the finish line in a time of 102.25 ... that 's gonna be good enough for last place . everyone be silent . int . boy ' HOTEL bathroom ~ night whe boy be line up in the bathtub in they sled position . 104 . derice now , remember , the only way we gonna keep from smackin ' the wall be to keep we head in line like the swiss do ... get it ? the boy nod . they be sick of this . derice ( cont 'd ) ein ... Zvei ... drei ... Curve one ... lean leave . the entire team lean in unison to the leave . close on : sanka . he look to he right and see the toilet . derice ( cont 'd ) into the omega , lean right . the entire team lean right , still perfect . close on : sanka . once again he eye find the toilet . derice ( cont 'd ) the three turn of the labyrinth . Three head lean one way , sanka ' 's the other . the three head go the other way . sanka 's wrong again . they lean into the third turn . sanka miss this one too , but he eye do not miss the toilet . he can not take it . he climb out of the tub . derice ( cont 'd ) why you gettin’ out of the sled ? sanka ' Cause you keep runnin ' into the toilet . derice forget the bloody toilet . sanka I will , and I will forget you ein Zvei drein ' swiss wanna be ass with it . derice why should not we wanna be like the swiss ... they the best there be ! 105 . sanka we be not no swiss . we jamaican ... we can not be bitin’ nobody 's style . we get we own style . derice kissin ' egg be not no kind of style ... this be the Olympic ... this be not no stupid push~cart derby ! this cut sanka to the quick . junior nod . sanka ( honest ) hey , rasta ... let I tell you a little something ' ... I be not come up here and freeze my ass off so you can whip I like a old mule ready for the grave ... Truth be tell , I just come to help you win you medal . derice hey , I be not lookin ' to whip nobody ... I be just tryin ' to be the kind of bobsledder irv tell we to be . sanka so be I ... he tell we to look deep inside ... and when I look deep inside , I only see Jamaica . yol I too ! he agree . sanka derice , mon , I know you since before merlene jeffery ask to see you ding a ling and I be tellin ' you as a friend ... if we look jamaican , walk jamaican , talk jamaican , and be jamaican , then we sure as heli better bobsle jamaican . int . announcer's booth ~ next day we hear a voice . 106 . voice ( v.0 . ) you be on the air . jim mckay it 's a crisp , cold , clear , canadian morning ... in other word , it 's a perfect day for bobsled ... this be Jim mckay with Bob beatie . we be back for the second day of the four man bobsle competition . thing hold pretty much to form yesterday ... hold on everybody ... there seem to be some commotion at the bottom of the hill ... be that a sled or a piece of modern art ? ext . the bottom of the hill close on : cool running . it be beautifully paint in the classic rastafarian black , green , and red . ( similar to sanka 's push -cart . ) the word ' cool running ' be script on the front . the jamaican wind they way up the hill . they have turn themselves into travel ambassador of confidence and goodwill . josef grool and the other sledder look on bewilder . they jamaican start chanting . derice rastaman vibration , yeah ! the guy positive ! derice that 's what we get to give ! the guy positive vibration , yeah ! derice from within ! the guy that 's how we gonna win ! little kide follow they up the hill , pushing cool running behind they . 107 . int . momma coffie' bar the home fan be eat it up . momma coffie smile . momma coffie that 's right ! stir it up ! ext . top of the track the East german sled be on the track . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) the East Germans look like they be about ready to take they second run . the East Germans explode out of the block , roaring . ( Music kick in . ) CUT to derice , watching like a hawk . the italian explode out of the block . CUT to derice , watching like a hawk . the austrian explode out of the block . CUT to derice , watching like a hawk . int . momma coffie be - cont 'd the crowd be nervous . the jamaican be up next . everybody expect the worst . joy {to herself ) good , Lord , just let it be better than yesterday . ext . top of the hill the guy be in they start position , ready for they second run . berice you ready , sanka ? sanka nod 108 . derice release the sanity brake !!! they rock the sled hard . sanka ( cont 'd ) {in rhythm to the rock sled ) let 's get busy , let 's go fast ! the other three ( also in rhythm ) let 's go out and kick some aaaass ! they explode out of the block scream . they're in the sled and move down the hill . the camera track cool running . bob beatie ( v.0 . ) 5.31 ... that 's just a bee 's butt off the East Germans ' start time . cool running rocket into the omega . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) and the jamaican take the omega like they be bear in a sled . int . momma coffie be the crowd listen like they be hearing the win number of a lottery be read off . they can not believe it . uncle ferte keep to it boy ! momma coffie breathin ' fire ! ext . the track close on : derice . he be all business as the camera shake with speed . bob beatie ( v.o. ) this can not be the same jamaican team we see yesterday . jim mckay ( v.c. } where do this guy come from ? int . momma coffie' the crowd answer the t.vv . they scream . crowd ( euphoric ) Jamaica ! we see the sled take a few turn on the tube . the sled cross the finish line . jim mckay whoa , nellie . 57.87 ... that move they into eighth place . bob beatie watch out world ... the jamaican be come ! the crowd at the bar be go berserk . momma coffie lift up Mr. coolidge . int . olympic village , the boy ' bedroom - night derice sit in a chair stare at a flash card of omega . he have a kind of glaze over look on he face . irv knock on the door and poke he head in . irv well , bannock junior ... ready to follow in you father 's footstep ? derice ( tentative ) I think so . irv you think so ? derice alright ... I know so . irv that 's better ... I and the fella be gonna get some dinner . you want to come with ? derice Nah . irv then we will bring you back a daggy - bac . irv be about to close the door . derice hey , irv. irv poke he head back in . derice ( cont . ) there 's something I get to ask you ... you do not have to answer if you do not want to . irv shoot . irv now come into the room . derice remember the time you see I talkin ' with that Larry fellow ? irv what about it ? derice well , he say a few thing about you , and I be just wonder ... irv ( interrupt ) you want to know why I cheat in saporro , right ? derice nod . irv ( cont 'd ) simple . I be over the hill and I know it ... the only problem be ... I have make win my whole life and when you make win you whole life , then you you have to keep on win . .. understand ? derice but you win two gold medal . you already have it all . irv that 's just what everybody tell I , but it do not make any difference " cause it be not what I feel inside . derice I know what you mean ... no matter how many race I win ... no matter how many people believe in I ... I have never feel okay inside ... but that 's alright , because I know that when I win that gold medal tomorrow I be gonna feel okay all over ... I be finally gonna be able to look into that mirror and know that I be enough . irv let I tell you something , son ... a gold medal be a beautiful thing ... but take it from I , if you be not enough without it ... you will never be enough with it . irv pat derice on the shoulder and walk to the door . at the door he turn . irv ( cont . ) see you at the finish line , kid . ext , top of the hill ( Music ) the canadian push off . the home crowd goe wild as the canadian take curve # 7 . they cross the finish line . jim mckay ( v.o , ) that push the Canadian back into fifth . one second separate the top six . bob beatie ( v.o0 . } the only other team leave with any real shot at a medal be the jamaican . 112 . int . announcer's booth - cont 'd the two announcer have they back to we . they be look out the back of the booth at the commotion . jim mckay I tell you , Bob ... it look like this fan have catch themselves a bad case of jamaican fever . they turn around . they be both wear jamaican bobsle T - shirt . ext . the hill the crowd cheer wildly . uba and eeba open big fur coat . they be also be wear jamaican bobsle t-shirt . ext . starthouse ~ cont 'd the boy come out of the starthouse ready for action . a voice be hear off camera , voice ( v.0o . ) junior . junior turn to see who 's call he . it 's he father . junior Father ... what be you do here ? bevil I have a son in the Olympic , they hug each other , ext , top of the hill a soviet sledder approach sanka . he 's get a jamaican T - shirt pull over he bobsle suit . soviet I be want to wish you ... how you say good luck to you ? sanka cool running . soviet ah ... cool running . e ext . top of the hill derice look like he 's in a trance . he come out of it and gather the team around he . cool running be in place . derice yul , who be we ? yul the jamaican bobsle team . derice junior , who be we ? junior the jamaican bobsle team . derice sanka , who be we ? sanka we be the go and get . her , no one better , all together , first and only , royal rasta jamaican bobsled team , they take they start position . yul ( to sanka ) Quick man.. , let I kiss the lucky egg . ext . the hill - cont 'd irv watch the boy get ready . irv fellas ! he give they the thumb up . a ext . top of the track the boy nod at irv . they all put they hand in the middle . derice let 's do it ! a a a they start rock the sled . they explode out of the block . all rastafari !!! we track cool running as they fly in and out of the early turn . jim mckay ( v.0 . } the jamaican have shave a tenth off the swiss start time ! bob beatie they look possess out there !! the crowd surge toward the track yell : " go jam ... go jam ... go jam ! " they take a perfect line through the kriesel and you can not hear anything but speed . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) oh , my !!! go jam !!! but as the sled come out of the turn it hit the wall hard as it bottom out into a straightaway . close on : the sled' front two runners . one of of they be solid as a rock but the other be now loose and wobbly . int . momma coffie be everyone in the bar be scream and jump up and down , int . the television control truck all the technician be scream . ext . the track we track cool running through two more turn . jim mckay ( v.0 . } they be come up to turn seven . bob beatie ( v.0 . } this turn 's be chew up sleds all day . the sled take the turn . jim mckay ( v.c. ) somehow they get through ! Close on : the damaged runner . it's about to give way !! bob beatie ( v.0o . ) this bannock kid 's drive like a champion !! the sled careen up and down the wall in curve # 8 . jim mckay ( cont 'd ) Three more curve and they be home ! close on : the runner . it be vibrate uncontrollably as it break off from the sled . the rest happens lightning fast . the jamaican ' head be whipping and snapping as cool running smack out of the corner of curve # 8 and be slammed into the wall . jim mckay oh , no ... they have lose control ! the sled ricochet and capsiZe violently . a stunning crash !! and now the sled bang and scrape like a pinball down the track , the jamaican' head beat against the bottom of the ron . jim mckay ( v.o. ) it 's over !... it 's all over . int . momma coffie be silence . people have they hand over they mouth . ext . tre hill the crowd stare in silence at the crumpled sled . ext . the finish line area Irving be run , push he way through the crowd . hold on : cool running and the team , not move , silence . 116 . int . the sled the boy be upside down . sanka derice , we dead ? derice no , mon . derice with some difficulty crawl out of the sled . then so do yul , then junior , then finally sanka . derice ( cont 'd ) pick up the sled , with great dignity , looking straight ahead , they MARCH with there sled down the track . the driver of the swiss team start clap . a few more sledder join in . kurt hemphill join in as do all the rest of the sledder . even josef grool be clap . the crowd erupt into thunderous applause . int . momma coffie be - same the whole place be cheer . ext . finish line derice and the boy take in this incredible moment as they proudly carry cool running across the finish line . the way the crowd be reacting , they may as well have win a gold medal . irv , panting , rush toward they . sanka reach into he suit and remove he duck egg . it's amazingly intact . jim mckay ( v.0 . ) I do not think anyone who be here taday will ever forget what they have see . the jamaican be be mobbed . the entire place be ina euphoric bedlam . irv break through the crowd and reach derice . he put out he hand . derice shake it . they put they arm around each other and wave to the crowd . sanka , yul and junior join they . freeze on : the five of they , waving to the crowd . 117 . credit roll as we spin to a wheaties BOX with the jamaican on the cover . ( more commercial follow . } the end