cepiliand a screenplay by jame mangold shoot script 6.3.96 well it 's Saturday night . you be all dress up in blue . I have be watch you awhile . maybe you be watch I too . - Bruce springsteen " tougher than the rest " int : four ace tavern - garrison , NJ - night the wall of this suburban bar be line with new york CITY police paraphernalia and framed newspaper stories - tale of police heroism clipped from the major New York daily . a scotch and Beer mug upon a ' lethal weapon ' pinball machine . Danny glover and mel Gibson leap about a blink triptych of high octane police action . the score tally into the million . strip of tape line the side of the machine , note high score , almost all of which be attribute to - . freddy heflin ( 42 ) eyelids heavy , leans low over the machine . finger on the button , he paddle the silver ball skillfully . a belly hang over he belt , he be a slump - shoulder man , puffy , wilted . dull with booze , he eye be focused on - a nearby table where - a hard - jawed woman ( berta , 38 ) and a balding bright - eyed man ( gary ' fig ' figgis , 44 ) sip drink . both have the peculiar posture , gesture , and vocabulary of n-y-p-d , though they be in civilian clothes . berta - but this armenian guy , he 's from the other side over there . ' told she she 's dead - that she will be dead by morning - fig uh huh . berta - so , he drop off this box at she apartment - fig - and they call bomb squad - berta ( nod ) - and we x-ray it - on-scene . but I can not see anything . so I cut a little hole . and there 's something in there . freddy nimbly hold the ball on the flipper , strain to listen in . sensing freddy stare , berta grow uncomfortable . berta some white fuzz - and something pink . but I can not figure what it be . and I realize I be look at a tongue . a fat pink tongue - stick out at I . fig shit . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 2 - continued : berta the guy put a goat 's head in there . freddy send the ball back into play . fig sigh and take a nypd athletic bag from beside berta 's chair . though unimpress by she story , fig be always happy to pontificate - and he do so - as he rummages through the bag : fig this in nineteen ninety six . h.g. Wells would roll over in he grave to think at the end of the twentieth century - some iranian - berta . - armenian . fig snap the bag close , put it down beside he chair . fig - some armenian be deliver a goat 's head to the door of the woman that he love . berta ' from a backward culture . fig berta . we be all backward . we machine be all modern and shit - but we mind - we : mind be primitive - a attractive puerto rican woman ( 32 ) emerge from the rest room , sniffle . from a distance , she be sexy . but as she sashays behind fig , kissing he ear , we see she vacant eye . fig come on , monica . sit down . monica I want to go home . we gotta go to you place ~- and I still gotta drive back to - fig I wait on the call , baby . freddy pinball drop into the gutter . the LED 's blink " deposit quarter to continue " freddy search he pocket for quarter . berta 's eye meet freddy 's eye , watch . berta Excuse I - do you mind ? ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 3 - continued : beep ! fig reach for he beeper , look at the display . he rise , finger in the air , wave off the tension . fig ooo . do not worry ' bout freddy . can not hear from this side , anyway . right , freddy ? freddy nod , step back from the pinball machine . woozy . cut to : freddy stand at the bar - he pull a bill from he wallet . the barmaid ( delore ) through the food slot , with the cook . freddy look to - berta , who light she cig , watch freddy . monica hover over the jukebox . flip the electronic menu . fig stand at the pay phone by the door , on hold . freddy approach fig , unsteadily , dollar in hand . fig quiet tonight , huh ? freddy yeah . ( everyone 's ) ' at that bachelor party . across the river . fig " you celebrate long distance ? freddy think a moment , numb with liquor , then shake he head . freddy - today 's my birthday . ( beat ) um . you get any quarter ? fig happy birthday , freddy . so - where 's you new girl ? you " deputy . " freddy shrug . freddy her Mom 's . I - uh - I be not into make a big deal , you know ? after Ray make the big racket - for the ten-year thing . * fig nod , cradle the phone , reach in he pocket . he push through some change . a voice squawk on the phone . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 4 - continued : fig oh. hey , frankie. ( empty palm to freddy ) ... sorry , freddy . freddy nod , stoic . blink . CUT to : ext : four ace tavern - garrison , NJ - night freddy heflin fumble with a large ring of keys . he unlocks a parking meter . quarter spill out into he hand . some onto the sidewalk . freddy kneel pick they up . fig ( 0.s . ) ' two kind of people in the world - - pinball people . and video game people . fig stand in the tavern doorway . he smoke a cigarette . freddy look up , bleary eye , drunk . fig you - freddy - be pinball people . freddy blink , smile . fig look to - a squad car at the curb . on the side , it say - sheriff - town of garrison . fig cross to the driver 's door , beckone freddy . fig . call it a night , sheriff . CUT away to : ext : goldfinger's topless night club - manhattan - night we be in new york CITY . the thumping of dance music from a night club . colored light pour out as the seal of the door break . loud music rise . we see the club interior ; a stripper on a table , another gyrating on a man' lap . a crowd of men , some in unbuttoned nypd uniform , holding beer , bottle of scotch . stand on the step - murray " superboy " babitch ( 38 ) , shit - face - confetti around he neck . he shuffles through the lot pack with civilian and patrol car - the civilian car all sport patrolman 's benevolent Association bumper sticker . a honda sit in front of a hydrant . a nypd parking placard poise on the dash . babitch unlock the door . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — 5 - continued : a dull sound ; muffle gag . babitch look into the darkness , groggy , squinting . Music throbs . but there be something else , something near , in the ungroom bush that run the perimeter of the lot . babitch pull a flashlight and pistol from he glove box . he hold the flashlight , arm cocked over he ear . the beam find - a black cop in uniform , kneel in the bush . he look up into the light , he chin wet with vomit . black cop superboy . babitch ( superboy ) Russ ? you okay ? the Black cop ( Russell ) nod , wave babitch off . babitch sigh . he turn off the flashlight and throw it - along with the revolver - onto the seat of he Honda . he start it up , back onto the street . suddenly ; smash ! he front tire crush a Beer bottle . babitch lean out he door , look at the shattered glass . babitch fuck I . CUT to : int . / ext . babitch honda - g-w bridge on - ramp - night murray babitch drive , he head against the glass . the radio dribble sport score . the bridge approach glow blue-green under the mercury light . a tangle of pot-hol ramp and desert vehicle . babitch slow , move through a red light . in a lot , three figure move efficiently around a car ; one stand watch by the broken glass as another rip at cable from inside , and a third pry the trunk with a crow bar . disgust , babitch pull onto the ramp . suddenly - krunch ! - he honda be side - swipe by a red car . jolted , babitch swerve into oppose traffic . he reel , glaring out he window at the damage . babitch mother fucker ! ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 6 — continued : honnk ! - a taxi be light flare , heading straight for babitch . babitch twist the wheel , lurching he Honda over the shallow concrete meridian , bottome out , and back into he lane . up ahead , the speed red car , a mazda rx7 , snake crazily , moving out across the bridge . babitch step on the pedal . he pull up alongside the mazda - thumping house music . two black teens , wild - eyed , on a joy ride . babitch glare , rolling down he window . he eye meet with one of the teens . babitch unfurl he badge . babitch n-y-p-d! pull it qver ! the kide laugh and the mazda rip forward . one of they leans , waving a_dark object , aim the barrel at babitch . a gun . bam ! - babitch front tire blows out . wide - eyed , babitch duck - ( assume it be a gun shot ) - babitch shit fuck piss ! ' he swerve , scraping a concrete divider . babitch ( voice crack ) motherfucker ! mother-fucker ! babitch stick he pistol out the window - firing - bam - bam - bam - bam - bam ! the mazda' rear glass shatter . and the red car skid wildly across the bridge . it careen into a bridge support . thunk . smash . babitch honda slam against a jutting concrete divider . he hit the windshield and rock back , he face bloody . steam rise . the bridge be quiet . CUT away to : int. / ext . a garrison squad car - along the river - night headlight cascade over a ' deer crossing ' sign . a moving squad car - on the side - a insignia - sheriff - town of garrison . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 7t - continued : the car stereo play a sibelius piano sonata ... bleary , freddy heflin drive , straddle the double yellow . he eye be not on the road - he stare longingly out toward - the light of manhattan reflect in the churning water . freddy turn back to the road . a young doe stand on the double yellow - eye glowing - freddy car careening toward it . freddy slam on the brake - but - screeeeech ! he will not stop in time , the deer frozen in he headlight . freddy shit ! freddy jerk the wheel . he squad car skid off the road , heading for a tree . freddy duck down . the squad car smashes through the brush and slam into the tree . foomp . steam rise from the hood . CUT away to : ext . NYC - GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - night a chorus of honk , siren . Dead traffic in both direction . vapor light spray through suspension cable . emergency vehicle , cherry top . the mazda rx7 sit , impale by a bridge support . a pair of medic grab supply bag from there ambulance . a red-haired cop ( jack cotter ) poke over the medic 's shoulder as they tend to the passengers - the two black teens : the driver gurgle , he ear a sopping trench . the other kid sit , he forehead sprinkle across the dash . cotter ( the red -haired cop ) take something from the car . a hispanic medic nudge he out of the way . hispanic medic traffic incident . bullshit , man . the medic glance at the rear window of the Mazda . it be shattered five time , from five small hole . other medic nobody say they be pop . cotter shrug , smug , wordless . he drop a crack pipe and vial into a plastic bag . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 8 — continued : another nypd , russell ( the black cop ) set flare , he eye move heavily from the accident to - the gridlocked traffic . a barrel -chested older cop step from the gridlock on the Jersey side , a cell phone to he ear . as he get closer , we see he eye . deep blue . saucy . his badge read - lieutenant ray glynn . cop nod as he move , unfetter , toward - murray babitch ( superboy ) , who stand slump behind he smashed honda , gesticulate wildly to a fat cop ( lagonda ) . short , pot-belly , detective leo crasky ( 50 ) cross , a squawk radio in he hand . he meet eye with Russell . crasky what you be think , Russell - swallow it . russell hey . 'he save five baby at Red hook . crasky that 's right . Black baby . mashed potato do not mean gravy . cut to : across the bridge - babitch , lagonda & glynn - ( continuous ) close on - babitch , he badge clipped to he jacket , a bandage on he nose , eye wet . he gulp for air , suck a cigarette . babitch - a million of them hold candle . I be * gonna be the fuckin ' poster boy for the * c-c -r - B . I be dead . my life be fuck over . * they be gonna string I up by my ball , Ray * - just like durkin . . lagonda meet eye with ray glynn , the saucy - eyed lieutenant . . glynn take babitch 's head , he thick finger in he hair . glynn listen to I . we be not gonna let it go down : like that . I be here this time . suck it up . babitch durky do not even get to the Grand jury . lagonda fuck the G -j . you be superboy . you save what - six black baby ? that shit play . detective leo crasky arrive , listen to he squawk radio . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise continued : crasky the car be hot . glynn nod , pleased . babitch stare , dull - eye , at the sunrise . babitch Three baby . crasky hold he walkie in the air . a woman 's voice squawk . crasky - miss dkny say there 's a jurisdictional question . if it begin on the bridge , it 's p.a. - if it begin on the ramp , it 's ours . lagonda - on the ramp . crasky ( into he radio ) one at a time please ! ( look up ) I get i-a on another channel , the Mayor 's Office , Assistant d-a , Press up the ying - yang ; the only reason they be not here now be we get gridlock - from Cross bronx to the palisade . glynn we be lucky . we have time . cotter ( the red -haired cop ) return from the crumpled Mazda . he whisper something to glynn . babitch watch they . glynn look to crasky . crasky hand cotter a set of key . crasky in my trunk . in a Grand Union bag . babitch guy . you do not have to . I see it . I hear the shot . cotter depart . glynn it be a semi , Murray . get that in you head . babitch Ray , I see the piece - ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 10 - continued : crasky the kid have a malt liquor in he hand . babitch I hear the shot - crasky - you tire blow . no. listen to I . you tire blow . you fuck up and you waste a pair of shitbag who be not worth the hair in the crack of you ass . so cool it with the patty - cake morality because - without I - that two stiff will put you in a room where you will fuck you uncle and everything we have build . glynn Leo , easy . babitch I do not drop dime . crasky yeah ? how much blow you do tonight ? I hear they have a fuckin ' brick . babitch fuck you . crasky fuck you . the black van 's gonna be here in a minute and I have not do shit . what I be do be highly - glynn sympathetic . it be . crasky it look like I be stand on this bridge pop pimple . but fuck - it , you be Ray 's nephew - '' superboy " - save ten black baby - and I catch the case . I catch the case and now I want it simple cause this racial shit eat you alive - glynn - if it play the wrong way . ( to babitch ) it could eat all of we , Murray . crasky 's eye meet Jack cotter 's as he pass with a crumpled brown ' grand union 's bag . Murray babitch 's expression fall . CUT away to : 10 copland 6/3/96 revise - 11 - ext . garrison , NJ - along the river - night the light of a suburban house flick on . someone stand on the porch , tentative . person on porch hello ? freddy squad car sit there , steaming in the brush , its front end wrap around a tree , the driver door open . the concert piano continue to play ... off in the darkness , freddy sit at the river 's edge . tear run down he cheek . he face the water and the light of the great city beyond . the water move slowly , hypnotically . a cat with a bell around its neck rub against freddy 's leg . freddy pet the cat , he eye move again to - the CITY across the river . a siren sound and one can see the light of emergency vehicle on the George Washington Bridge . suddenly ; spiraling red light move across the back of freddy head , the side of he face . the siren be here . freddy turn , wiping he cheek . a sheriff' squad car - with the same marking as freddy be - pull to a stop , roadside . a door slam . a tousle -haired deputy emerge . he wear a gray uniform . he shine a flashlight on the wreck car , and over the landscape . deputy freddy ? it 's Bill . freddy . freddy over here . Bill ( the deputy ) move past the car , approach - freddy , who wipe away he tear - and blood - on he sleeve . CUT away to : ext . g-w bridge - inside the crumpled mazda - night the 'grand union ' bag under he arm , jack cotter push he way around the two medic . he kneel at the foot of the dead kid , gracelessly pantomime - the finding of a semi . cotter ooo baby . look at that . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 12 - continued : hispanic medic what be you do ? cotter I find they piece . cotter be red-face . a very bad liar . hispanic medic bullshit , man . you can not do that . cotter do what ? it be sit there . hispanic medic no , it be not . cotter yes , it be . cotter move to take the semi out of the car . but the medic grab the gun by the barrel . cotter mother fucker . hey ! hispanic medic you can't do that ! there be a moment of struggle , both man grip the weapon . at the other side of the bridge ~ crasky turn . lagonda , glynn and babitch stand behind he , watch the face - off . lagonda 's sleepy eye widen . lagonda oh , shit ... crasky clip he radio to he side , move off . crasky Jesus Christ ! he waddle toward the mazda , he hand wave . panick , tearful , babitch step backward , to the railing . babitch . I tell you guy . fuck. fuck . I tell you . guy to let it be . across the bridge - at the mazda - the medic jerk the gun away from cotter . he step out of the car , carry the weapon toward the railing . ( continued ) 10 copland 6/3/96 revise - 13 - continued : cotter put it down ! the other medic wave to he partner - other medic hector ! what the fuck be you do ?! crasky move in , he hand in the AIR . crasky hey , hey , hey ! cool it , boy . everyone should just be do they job here . cotter pull he weapon on the medic . cotter put it down , " chico " ! now ! the medic ( hector ) consider this , glaring at cotter - hispanic medic ( hector ) why ? you gonna shoot I ? cotter say nothing , he pistol trained on the medic . siren rise . across the bridge - ray glynn turn to the sound . from Manhattan - lurching through oppose traffic , a black police chief' van and a dark sedan approach , light swirl . at the railing - babitch - face the water , eye wet . he look like he might throw up - or jump ... babitch I be go down , uncle Ray . just like durk ... I be go down . Ray glynn turn , watch the vehicle approach , he mind racing behind he blue eye . he toss key to Frank lagonda . glynn frankie - get I start up . back at the mazda - cotter put it down ! hector smile spitefully and toss the gun - out and over the edge of the bridge . ( continued ) 10 11 copland 6/3/96 revise - 14 - continued : stunned , crasky run to the side of the bridge . plop . the gun hit the water below . crasky shit ! cotter you fucker ! cotter suddenly leap , pummeling the medic with he pistol . the other medic struggle to break it up , Russell restrain he . nypd brass and men in suit emerge from the dark sedan . crasky motherfuck . glynn ( 0.s. ) oh my God ! oh my GOD ! leo ! jesus ! leo crasky turn - across the bridge - ray glynn leans , ashen , looking over the railing - down to - the hudson river . glynn - - he just - jump - crasky join he at the railing . other look up . glynn - he hit the water - and he go down . two hundre feet below - the river churn - greasy , silent . CUT away to : int . freddy heflin' suburban house - dawn through window - bird flutter as the sun rise over the bridge . a abandoned water tower above the tree : garrison , NJ it say in fade letter . it be oddly silent . Dead silent . on the porch of a nearby house , a young man with a nypd bag ( tony ) kiss he wife good - bye as - a car pool of cop idle . pulling inside - a bedside alarm clock . the hammer strike the bell , furiously - but silently . beside it - a BOX of band aids . and several dog - eared wambaugh-esque paperback . ae on the dishevele bed - fistful of quarter among the sheet - freddy heflin lie , eye open - a bandage on the bridge of he nose , a brown stain at its center . as he pull he head from he pillow - expose he good ear - the numb silence be filled by the ringing bell , the bird , the world . eee ee CUT to : 12 copland 6/3/96 revise - 15 - int . freddy heflin be house - morning a elaborate old turntable and tube amplifier . a record spin . piano tinkling . hauntingly . scatter around the room - yellowed classical record album . on many of the jacket , a bent - eared pianist - Glenn gould . through the kitchen window - a unblemished squad car pull in the drive - on the side it say : sheriff - town of garrison . bill geisler ( the tousle - haire deputy ) climb out . he wear he gray uniform . in he robe , smoking , freddy back away from the window . Bill enter the house without knock . he hold a newspaper and two cover coffee . he drop a grocery bag on the table . freddy bring spoon and two plastic bowl to the table . bill ( nodd to the bowl ) ' do not need ‘em . I get a variety pack . Bill pull a kellogg's variety pack from the bag . he smirk as he select a mini ' frosted flake ' and cut its face open with a pocket knife , fashion the box into a make - shift bowl . he hand freddy a mini ' corn pop ' box . freddy look at the little box suspiciously . he rip it open from the top , and pour it into he plastic bowl . he take another little box - fruit loops - and pour that into he bowl too . the two of they munch wordlessly . freddy watch as Bill pull a DAILY news from the bag . freddy how long 's the car gonna take ? bill lenny will not know - till the part - guy get in . take the number two . y'told Cindy you would show she the new radar today . freddy ( nod ) what do you tell lenny ? - about the accident . bill ( eat ) ' chase a speeder . ( continued ) 12 13 14 copland 6/3/96 revise — 16 — continued : freddy look up , touch he ear . bill ( push the paper to freddy ) look at this . freddy look to the DAILY news on the table . hero cop take plunge . i picture of Murray babitch inset against a still of the g-w-b . bill ( 0.s. ) - be not that Ray 's nephew or something ? freddy do not respond , read intensely . CUT away to : int . p-b-a anteroom - NYC - day a window - look from NYC - across the river - to jersey . a handsome man in a dark suit check he tie - knot in the window 's reflection . he be pba president laruso . a aide stand beside a door to a crowded PRESS room . aide no wife . ' be from Jersey City . laruso and he 's Ray 's nephew ? - so put the service in garrison . Ray own the cupcake there . - then we own the seating plan . laruso , turn , smile , and move toward the PRESS room door . aide ( smile ) you know , Vince , it 's a good thing this hero jump . two black kid , unarm - it coulda ' play a whole ' nother way . int . entrance / lobby - pba PRESS room - day a poker -face cop stand before two glass door . he check reporter for pass . each time the door OPEN we hear a fragment of the PRESS conference inside : through the glass - before the p-b-a emblem , pba president laruso read a statement to the throng of reporter . ( continued ) 14 14b copland 6/3/96 revise - 17 - continued : laruso ~- be a hero cop . he deserve a fair hearing . but he know this would not happen - not in this city , under this Mayor - door close . suddenly , a reporter dialing a cellular phone exit the conference , pull the door open again . laruso : - we all learn from the durkin tragedy that for cop in this city - door close . the reporter speak into he cell phone , pace . reporter - no - the jumper - babitch . ' pull some baby from a fire last year - in Red hook . poker face cop Three black baby . the reporter nod to the poker - face cop . reporter . - they say he jump cause of the durkin . thing . so tell myra , she be on durkin , . right ? I need a recap - Glen durkin - three year ago - shot a kid hold a water gun , lynched in he cell wait G - J - no , to date - otherwise I could do it myself - well , get she off it . fuck the asbestos . door open . a man with GREEN eye exit the conference . he look back once , weary , meeting eye with the reporter . the green -ey man 's look have weight . he move off . laruso - the suicide rate be a direct result of a hostile bureaucracy , a hostile public , a hostile press . cop have rights too . door close . poker face cop damn straight . CUT away to : int . one police plaza - a corridor - NYC - dusk the hispanic medic ( hector ) sit , uneasy , on a wood bench . his face be bruise . he smoke a cigarette . ( continued ) 14b 14c 14d copland 6/3/96 revise —- 18 - continued : across from he , the other medic sit , stiff . he sigh , feel the stare of some pass detective . among they , leo crasky . he hold a long look at hector , move off . a sign on a adjacent door read : office of special SERVICES - internal affayr hispanic medic no way that guy jump . no way . hector sigh , push out he cigarette . he run he hand over the arm of the bench . word be key-carve into it - yellow betray blue . cut to : int . one police plaza - interrogation room - dusk ( continuous ) russell ( the black cop ) sit in a wooden chair that will not sit level . it rock , knock on the floor . nervous , he look - through the drawn blind - the medic sit out in the hall . a few foot from Russell , a black detective ( carson , 48 ) sit on the edge of a table , look at some note on a steno pad . Russell 's eye drift to - at the other end of the room sit - the GREEN eyed man - det . moe tilden . he wear a white shirt , sleeve roll , and a bureaucratic tie . he listen . carson and why be that ?.. everyone else on that bridge life there . be that a coincidence ? bro ? or you just be the wrong color ? russell ' bro ? ' you in the ' mod squad ' ? ( nodd toward tilden ) ' might as well be talk to he . impatient , tilden stand , crossing into the next room - CUT to : int . one police plaza - war room - ( continuous ) tilden enter ( from the interrogation room ) . he move through the maze of desk . other internal affayr detective look up at tilden , get out of he way , deferential . ( continued ) 14d 15 copland 6/3/96 revise — 19 - continued : other detective moe . shore patrol find one of he shoe . tilden snort . he take a cigarette from a pack on a desk . he approach a map of new jersey on a bulletin board . in the hall - russell , dismiss , walk past the medic . carson enter the war room . approach tilden . carson cotter 's come at nine tomorrow . I know . you want glynn . he say he 's grieve for he nephew . ' that he will come in next week . moe tilden smile . he reach for the map , twirling he thumb and finger on - a tack pinned in - the town of garrison . carson I do not know . if the guy 's alive - he 's the fuckin plague , y'know ? - why bring he home with you ? I mean - you do not shit where you eat , right ? tilden turn - he green eye bright . he speak quietly , he jaw barely move , smoke trickle from he lip . tilden but I do , carsie . I live in a house - and in it - I shit and I eat . CUT away to : int . / ext . garrison patrol car / shoulder of road - day the abandon water tower rise high above the tree . garrison , NJ - it say in fade letter . a toyota cruise quickly past a suburban school build oblivious to the garrison squad car at the shoulder . sheriff freddy heflin open he puffy eye . he wear a gray uniform . he sit in the patrol car . he look down as — a female hand withdraw from he thigh . deputy cindy bett cup she newly freed hand over a radar display . she clock the Toyota at 45 m-p -h . the school zone sign say 20 . Cindy have a round face , rosy cheek . Bright eye . she look at freddy expectantly . ( continued ) 15 16 copland 6/3/96 revise - 20 — continued : freddy shake he head , watch the car recede . freddy it 's grecco . cindy freddy . this whole town be cop . we gotta pull someone over . freddy wince , press on the gauze tape to he nose . freddy why ? Cindy sigh . thick armed , she be uncomfortable in she uniform and pull at the polyester bunched under she armpit . another car rip past - a blue old delta 88 . the radar show - seventy two mile a hour . Cindy glare at freddy . CUT to : int . / ext . old delta 88 / route 36 - garrison - day Riding shot -gun , jack cotter spray dristan up he nose . ray glynn , drive , stare in he rear view at - a man lying down across the back seat , he leg stick out , he face obscure . he be miss one shoe ... cotter joggle with the air conditioner , turn it on . he find glynn glaring at he . cotter Ray . I be burn up here . suddenly , in the rear view , spinning red light . glynn oh fuck this . man in back what ? - what ? cotter smile at the obscure man in back . cotter do not freak . it 's we munchkin . glynn pull the old over to the shoulder . ( continued ) 16 copland 6/3/96 revise - 21 - continued : awkward , deputy cindy bett step out of the patrol car . she shuffles toward the oldsmobile . the driver' window of the old hum down to reveal - ray glynn , glaring , sweaty and red-ey . cindy turn off the car please ? glynn I get the air on . glynn smirk . he do not shut off the car . he hold out he wallet , unflapp it to reveal - a nypd lieutenant's badge . a pause as Cindy stare at the badge . cindy you be on the job ? cotter lean over from the passenger side . cotter no - we be come from Forest Hills , honey . I be John macenroe . that 's Jimmy connor . Cindy take the wallet from glynn . cindy be you license in here ? can you pull it out for I ? - cotter oh Christ ! Cindy hand the wallet back to glynn . cindy you know . this be a School zone . glynn ( read Cindy 's tag ) listen miss ... bett - you be new , right ? cindy New here . but not on the job . I be a municipal deputy in elmira . glynn freddy ! freddy ! freddy climb out of he squad car , approach the oldsmobile . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise —- 22 - 16 continued : glynn see , honey , in garrison - when the car you be gonna tag have get a p -b-a sticker - I would advise you to think to yourself - ‘hey , that 's one of the good guy , I think I will go catch I a bad guy . ' the man in back pull on glynn 's collar . nervous . man in back Christ , Ray . do not make a scene . cindy if we let every p- D go by , there might not be a single violation in this town . glynn ( smile ) ' Fine by I . cotter the problem in this town be not the people who live here , honey , .. it 's the element that visit . freddy lean in the window of the old , from the other side . he look in the car at cotter and glynn . he notice - the man in back - obscure - lie still . freddy ' this the new car , Ray ? it 's nice . I do not recognize it . cotter come on , freddy . I want to go home . tell you cupcake to heel . cindy listen buddy . I be not - freddy shake he head at Cindy , cool she jet . he back she off with he hand . she turn and storm back to the squad car . freddy take care , guy . I will see you later . glynn salute freddy . he notice freddy 's bandage . glynn hey . what happen to you , freddy ? freddy smile , bashful . ( continued ) 16 17 copland 6/3/96 revise - 23 - continued : freddy . oh . ' Little fender bender . the oldsmobile lurch away and , as it do - freddy notice - the man in back rising from he " slumber " - staring out the rear window of the old . the man wear a bandage on he nose - a mirror of freddy 's wound . except for the gauze , it be the same face from the morning 's paper - babitch ( superboy ) . freddy touch he own bandage , thoughtfully . the oldsmobile disappear round the bend , leave freddy stand on the shoulder . Cindy stand at the squad car , disgust with freddy . cuT to : int . day - sheriff' office - close on - a cluttered desktop : a mass of official paperwork . a collection of thumb - worn wambaugh -esque paperback . a OPEN tape case fill with classical cassettes . a smoulder cigarette . a one -hour photo envelope - scatter snapshot - a party . a banner - sheriff freddy - ten year strong ! - freddy with nypd and family . a photo of ray glynn he arm around freddy . they hold water gun to they head - wear goofy grin . in someone's hand - the DAILY news open to the article on babitch 's " suicide " - the picture of murray babitch ... at he desk , a fresh bandage of he nose , freddy heflin read the paper , intensely . cindy ( 0.s. ) how do I know that guy ? freddy turn with a start , close the newspaper , put he hand - protectively - over the picture of babitch . but Cindy be look over freddy 's shoulder at the snapshot on he desk . she refer - sarcastically - to a photo of freddy . cindy not bad for forty - something . ' look like he might be a jerk sometimes . but there 's hope - in he eye . Cindy smirk and sashays over to a outer room , sit before the dispatch radio , paperwork pile high around she . ( continued ) 17 copland 6/3/96 revise - 24 - continued : we be in the sheriff 's Office of garrison . once a garage , it have be re-fitted , complete with jail cell in what be once tire storage . citation and frame clipping line the wall . freddy look up to see - moe tilden ( the GREEN eyed i-a detective ) peer in the window of the sheriff 's office . he move on , flick a butt , crossing the street - toward the deli . the second hand on the big wall clock stick . then snap free . it be three thirty . rinnng . the dispatch phone . Cindy knock a basket of papers , reach for the receiver . cindy shit . struggle to keep the papers from spilling , she knock the radio into a alarm mode . dweeep , dweeep , dweeep ... freddy sigh , look out through the window - through the glass - across the STREET - a supermarket and a burger king , under construction : a beautiful brown-haired woman ( 35 ) emerge from the market , pushing a cart . her hair blow , a child in she arm . the child hold a plush turtle . the woman struggle to move several bag into she van and fasten she child in a safety seat . she take the plush turtle and put it on the roof of she van . dweeep , dweeep , dweeep ... cindy dispatch . can you hold a second ? ( shutting off the alarm ) * through the glass - glynn' old pull up along side the woman . she smile and nod at glynn , cotter and lagonda as they cross into - the town deli . the beautiful woman climb in her van , starting it , unaware of the turtle , still sitting on the roof . freddy watch it all , rivete . 18 copland 6/3/96 revise - 25 - int . town deli - garrison - afternoon glynn , cotter and lagonda buy coffee , haggard , up all night . glynn turn - tense , as he see - moe tilden mixing milk and sugar at the counter tilden smile . glynn smile . but he comrade glare , uneasy . tilden hey , Ray . glynn hey , moe . tilden I be sorry about you nephew . glynn yeah . he be a good kid . we be up all night with it . ( crossing to mix he coffee , beside tilden ) uh. I know you need to talk to I . I will come in next week some time , how 's that ? Jackie here 's comin ' in early for you - tomorrow . tilden ( offer he hand to cotter ) hey . how ya do ? moe tilden . cotter ( wary ) yeah . hey . glynn moe , here , be my partner - fresh out of the Academy - back in the day - before he fall in love with this red-head at I -a and transfer . tilden be that how it go , Ray ? glynn so . what bring you to we fair city ? checkin ' up on we ? tilden ' hear it be a way of life over here . ' want to see it first hand . glynn what be we - like the amish , now ? ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise 18 continued : tilden ( smile , put the cover on he coffee ) when do that Burger King open up ? glynn ' couple week . tilden ( move to the door ) ' gonna take a chunk outta this place . glynn I will still be here . tilden nod . exiting . 19 ext . MAIN STREET - garrison - afternoon the sign say - no parking . tilden shit . — - 26 — tilden pull a piece of paper from he windshield . it look like a parking ticket . he hold it close , read it . JULY 4th celebration ! bring the family ! at borden' field . sponsor by the garrison volunteer Fire Department . tilden smile . he look up , meeting eye with - sheriff freddy heflin , walk up the street - the tatter plush turtle in he hand . he move it to he side . tilden ' think you give I a ticket . freddy ( move past ) hm ? tilden " you the sheriff ? freddy yeah . onotice something ) one second . Gordon ! a grungy kid sit with he friend on a low brick wall , smoking , sip soda from bag . they look up . ( continued ) 19 20 -22 23 copland 6/3/96 revise - 27 - continued : freddy - off the the wall . get off . the kid comply . freddy turn back to tilden , touch he bandage nose . he stick the turtle under he arm , awkward . tilden smile . tilden ' how long you be sheriff ? freddy hm ? oh. ten year . tilden that 's great . ( beat ) ' lotta cop here , huh ? freddy yeah . tilden it 's a great gig . ( pull out he card ) well . I be sure you be busy . but let I give you my card . I be with a special unit - in the city . in case you know , .. - you want to talk about something . freddy examine the card - moe tilden - nypd internal affayr he look up as tilden drive off . omitted int . / ext . garrison housing tract - late afternoon freddy drive he squad car . he listen to news radio : radio ( v.0o . ) - and we top story - a hero cop jump off the g-w-b after two African american minor , reportedly unarm , be shot ina pre-dawn gunfight on the bridge . on the seat beside he , the stuffed turtle . filthy and mangle . split-level house sit in row upon manicure plot , a basketball net above each garage door . we pass a mailbox that read - durkin . ( continued ) 23 24-25 26 copland 6/3/96 revise -— 28 - continued : freddy drive on , he pull into a driveway - the mailbox read : randone . a doberman on a chain bark . four garbage bag sit slump in a rusted metal trash bin . cuT to : omitted ext . randone house - front door - late afternoon freddy knock . no answer . knock again . he stand there , slump , hold the turtle . there be voice inside . the doberman continue snarling . freddy hello ! no answer . freddy turn , walk back down the drive . liz ( 0.s. ) Jesus . I be sorry . the door swing OPEN . in sweat and v-neck tee , the beautiful brown -haired woman ( liz randone , 35 ) hold she long hair against the breeze . she smile , warm - a tooth poke out tenderly - against she lip . a child babbles in the bg . freddy re-approach , he eye bright , smile bashfully . freddy that 's okay . I hear voice . I be gonna have base call you back . liz ( notice the turtle ) oh , freddy . look what you find . Liz take the stuff animal . she smile . liz she 's gonna be so happy . her daddy win she this at the fair last year . I leave it on - freddy yeah . I see . from my window . Liz smile wider , infect by freddy 's dopey grin . suddenly she smile disappear . liz that 's awful about Ray 's nephew , huh . suddenly , the child in the other room be cry . loud. ( continued ) 26 copland 6/3/96 revise - 29 - continued : liz hey ! caroline ! come on , now . ' i 1 Liz be exasperate , not by freddy , but by life in general . despite she distract manner , she dry smile charm ; a SMALL studd cross hang around her neck . move with she . freddy break he stare . liz I hear they be gonna do the service here . freddy nod . Liz notice he bandage , touch she nose . liz - ouch . what happen to you ? freddy Little accident . ' Chasing a speeder . the child 's cry grow louder . desperate . liz - one second . Liz cross into a adjoin room with the turtle . " baby , look what the sheriff find . " the child calm . liz ( 0.s. ) freddy . you want some coffee ?! freddy no , I be fine . freddy take a timid step into the foyer . picture on the wall - a child drawing - " my family " a academy photo of liz' handsome husband , joey , in uniform . and a portrait of liz ( 16 ) - beauty queen' crown on her head . liz ( 0.s. ) so. I hope you catch he . liz re-enter the room . freddy hm ? - who ? liz the speeder . freddy oh . yeah . ( continued ) 26 copland 6/3/96 revise continued : liz ... you know ... I be think of call you . I mean - not you - but one of you - freddy why ? what 's up ? liz oh. someone 's be dump garbage . garbage bag . she gesture toward the four garbage bag by the road . freddy eagerly pull out he pad . freddy uh huh . be that they ? liz there 's just one . the rest be mine . freddy okay - they throw one bag in with yours . liz this be not the first time . they have be pull this shit for week , slip it in . why ? that 's enough be not it ? freddy erase something in he book . freddy enough ? yeah . a beer bottle 's enough as far as I be concerned . liz damn right . - I use white bag . theirs be black . some cheap shit . freddy nod , scribbling in he pad . liz I do not tell joey - cause he think he 's gotta take care of it . not that he do not think much of the local - you guy - but ... freddy I will take care of it . he 's get the city to worry about , right ? Liz nod , smile . freddy smile back , he eye sparkling . - 30 — CUT to : 27 28-29 30 copland 6/3/96 revise - 31 - ext . end of randone driveway - late afternoon freddy push through the black garbage bag with a pencil . liz watch from a window . she stand there , then move away . freddy flip through the piece of trash . Paper plate . bottle of beer . he come upon a stain envelope ; a phone bill . leaf it open : a name : raymond glynn a address : 31 dallas drive CuT to : omitted ext . glynn house - 31 dallas drive - late afternoon the mailbox say : glynn . freddy stand at the door of the split level house , the soile phone bill in hand . before he , a busty middle aged woman , rose glynn ( 46 ) . Hand on hip , she suck a cigarette . rose what if I say I do not know where it come from ? freddy I would take you word for it , Rose . um. be Ray home ? rose ' take care of we little visitor . freddy play with the envelope in he finger , let this cryptic remark hang in the air . Rose stare at the envelope . rose I get my garbage pick up every Tuesday . freddy alright . thanks for you time . he walk back toward he car . rose you tell joey to come here and talk to I about it if he think I have get no right . freddy turn around . ( continued ) 30 31 a pause . the phone ring . they stand there . copland 6/3/96 revise —-32 - continued : freddy Rose . I want to believe you when you tell I something . rose oh you do , do you ? freddy do you dump this bag or not ? rose this be not a law problem - if you catch my drift . you tell joey randone that if he do not like my garbage he should stop soiling my sheet . Rose be miraculously nonchalant - she eye rivete boldly on freddy ; relishing he discomfort . freddy Rose , you can not just dump garbage on other people 's property . rose but that glamour boy - he can throw away a woman just like she be garbage and that 's okay - be that what you be say ? rose be you gonna tell Ray about this ? freddy shake he head . Rose take a drag of she cigarette . the phone still ringing . she spin around , slamm the door . / ext . glynn house - late afternoon as freddy back he squad car out of the glynn driveway , '' - the blue old delta 88 pull in . ray glynn , the saucy - eyed lieutenant - the only occupant - step out of the driver 's side . glynn what 's up , freddy ? ' decide to give I that ticket . freddy shift to park , the engine run . freddy no ... uh. someone 's dump garbage . ( continued ) 31 32 33 copland 6/3/96 revise - 33 - continued : glynn oh , a felony . freddy smile , tense . glynn salute . freddy nod , back out onto the street . cuT to : int / ext . freddy squad car - meadowland - roadside - sunset driving along the marshland . Manhattan in the distance . the garrison water tower against the orange sky . up ahead - flashing light - roadside freddy slow . deputy bill geisler have pull over a rusted impala . he stand at the driver 's window . freddy 's headlight illuminate the cab of the impala . a black man and woman look into the flaring light , angry . Bill approach freddy 's window - he lean in . bill 'a few over . I be check doc . freddy nod . he light a cigarette and push in a cassette . a piano concerto . freddy I will sit . ( ' in case . ) Bill smile at the music . he cross to he car with the paperwork . freddy turn and look out he window toward - light on I - 80 . a fade billboard . a garbage strewn waterway sit , oil - slicked , under a graffiti cover overpass . over the hill that be hoboken - the empire state build ... moving closer on - freddy - he stare at the marsh . the sound of heavy equiptment rise . the piano continue . CUT to : a memory : marsh - garrison meadowland - day ( 1975 ) the same waterway beneath I - 80 , only pristine . on the billboard - a 70 's family before a ranch house . '' a new life in new jersey ! " the water narrow under the overpass - under construction . young freddy ( 19 ) sit beneath the overpass , eat a bag lunch . ( continued ) 33 34 35 36 copland 6/3/96 revise —-34 - continued : out the mouth - in the distance - a construction site - several young men making there way to the big machine . suddenly : screeeeeech ! thunk. splash ! young freddy turn - as - out the other end of the overpass - a GREEN ford rock in the water , nose down . freddy stand , awestruck . he look back to - the distant construction CO - worker , oblivious , get back to work . with a flurry of bubbles , the ford sink into the icy water . present day - close on - freddy in he car - eye riveted on — the marsh - the music continue ... but there be voice ... the rusted impala roll slow as it pass freddy squad car . two angry black face spit word : black woman black man we come here to watch the - speed - my ass - sunset and you pull this - fuckin ' racist pig ! freddy receive this , unblink . the impala lurch away . freddy touch he bandage Bill walk to he patrol car . he nod to freddy - " all do " . cut to : ext . MAIN STREET - garrison - twilight the bank clock blink . 7:32 , 7:32 , 7:33 ... the Burger King under construction . Light traffic . in civilian clothes , cindy bett cross to the garrison sheriff' office , key in hand . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - night freddy sit hunch , on the phone . his collar loose . freddy Liz - all I be say be that I think it 's gonna stop . liz ( on phone ) it be he little bitch , be not it ? send message . of * ka-chunk - the door open . cindy bett peer inside . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise continued : freddy uh. one second . can you hold a second ? freddy look up , hit the ' hold 's button on the phone . Cindy cross to freddy , sit beside he . freddy I be on the phone . cindy I can see that . freddy how ' bout I meet you across the street in fifteen minute ? Cindy make a face . freddy look , I be sorry . how ' bout tomorrow . I take you someplace nice . okay ? Cindy let this hang in the air . then she cross to the door . klunk - the door shut as - freddy push on the ' hold 's button . freddy Liz . - - Liz ? liz ( on phone ) what ? freddy - do you want I to talk to joey ? there be a long sigh on the phone . freddy glance at - a framed local news clipping on the wall , yellowing with age : local boy save drowning teen hero in hospital with infection from icy water . a photo show a young freddy stand by the waterside , a bandage over he ear . a inset - a high school portrait of a young woman , a beauty queen 's crown on she head . liz ( on phone ) talk to he ? why , freddy ? - you do not marry he . freddy no , - but - I be you friend . liz ( on phone ) freddy . I gotta go . ( click ) ee ee ( continued ) 36 37 copland 6/3/96 revise - 36 —- continued : dial tone . hanging up slowly , freddy stare at - the framed newspaper clipping - close on - the picture of young freddy , stand by the water , bandage around he head , smile wide , .. a hero ... full of dream , .. a proud hopeful young man . CuT to : int . the four ace tavern - garrison , NJ - night a cigarette dangle from he finger , freddy heflin sip a drink at the bar , do crossword . a long way from that hopeful boy . * we be in the same n-y-p-d - paraphenalia - decorate tavern from last night , only tonight , it be crowded . twenty off -duty cop move about - crossing from the rest room , the tap , the tv , the entrance , the rear table - engage in loud conversation - loud enough to clear the jukebox . across from the tap , freddy 's equidistant to everything - but strangely marginal ... and alone . frank lagonda entertain some rook by the vending machine - lagonda - no - this e-m-s motherfucker - ' think he 's Zorro - take the gun in he hand - State 's evidence - and he 's wave it - smoking near the men' room door , leo crasky with another cop - crasky - you be use the short form . Nah . for cop , there 's ton of deduction - crasky lose he train of think as - fig emerge from the men' room , wiping he nose . he too be alone . unaccompany . he make he way toward the bar . at the dart board - a thin cop pull dart with jack cotter - thin cop I hear he want off the job so bad , he 's begging Tommy o. to shoot he in the leg . cotter laugh , also watch fig shuffle toward the bar . fig take a seat beside freddy . freddy turn , nodd to fig , but be distract by - a young cop at the the bar chat with a friend - ( continued ) 37 copland 6/3/96 revise - 37 -— continued : young cop - not from that height . thirty five flight ? the bone liquefy - look like strawberry yoghurt . fig sip he drink sloppily . he wink at freddy - aware that . freddy 's listen to all the other conversation - avidly . delore - the bar may - fill a mug for cop # 1 . delore how they gonna bury he ? with no body . fig - Ray glynn will bury he baseball card collection if he have to . ' do not want to delay the ceremony - you lose the media . cop # 1 ' they know who the kid be ? fig bebo . from Newark . delore who 's bebo ? fig ( chuckle ) it 's not a guy , Del . freddy bebo be a drug gang , del. jamaican . ' short for " who you be , bro ? " . impress , fig wink at freddy . freddy smile . on the tv - the eleven o'clock news : - someone turn down the jukebox ... reporter ( on tv ) - cyril Brown meet with the parent of the slain teens , call for a human blockade on the bridge tomorrow - the entire bar fall silent , rapt with attention . cyril brown ( on tv ) ' a drunk cop jump off a bridge , that do not erase the murder of two child . there be hiss from the back . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 38 - 37 continued : reporter ( on tv ) attend the Giants - jet pre-season finale , Mayor farelli respond to report of cop plant evidence on the bridge . mayor ( on tv ) - yes . we be look into it . there be some irregularity on the bridge and we be look into it . there be boo 's from the back . reporter ( on tv ) in a moment , chip mackenzie with the weekend weather ... as a commercial come up on screen , conversation resume ... fig turn from the screen , shaking he head . fig the diagonal rule . freddy the what ? fig turn away to the door as - someone call out '' joey ! '' a strikingly handsome cop enter the bar . joey randone , 35 . ( Liz 's husband - we see he in the picture in Liz 's foyer . ] fig ( distract ) the diagonal rule . " Red Light ? do not fight . make a right . '' more important than the golden rule . ' if ' superboy ' know that , he might still be alive . fig smile at joey randone - who move this way . fig hey , jo-jo ... but joey randone ignore fig , crossing past he - toward a bowl of pretzel beside freddy . joey freddy . Heard you save '' Ollie the turtle 's . freddy nod , smile , play with he stirrer . he look up at joey , serious . freddy ( continued ) 37 copland 6/3/96 revise — - 39 - — continued : joey what happen to you face , freddy ? freddy touch the bandage on he nose . joey fig joey fig some freddy oh. nothing . ' little accident . ( beat ) listen . joey . there 's something - uh - we should probly ' talk about . load a napkin with pretzel . joey what 's that , freddy ? grin at joey . he speak in a taunting sing -song . fig pretty boy jo-jo . ' against the bull ? what be you - some kind of high roller ? turn to fig . joey fuck you , fig . I get eight point . speak louder , he eye roam the tavern for a audience . cop look up . fig against the bull ? eight point be eight reason for you to become a child . revert to a pre-pubescent state - ' pray before bed that pussy play to a draw with the - joey play to a draw with eight point ? freddy turn to the pretzel , take himself out of it . fig - a near draw with the n-b-a champion . you night boy , you watch too much Oprah when you should be catch z' . there be chuckle from the back . joey move off toward the back table , hold he middle finger in the air . joey I be not the one pissing my money away . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 40 — 37 continued : fig that 's you ' inner child ' make that wager , joey . - little joey with a supersonics poster tape above he bed . at the back table , joey spin around , grab he crotch . joey figsy , why do not you unzip I and bite my " '' prepubescent " state . you bite it , baby , hard and thick . cop in the back react - qoo00000 . fig fuck you , joey . thick be a word reserve for thing which be thick . ( turn to freddy , low ) ' God -damn child . with a badge . freddy huh ? fig ( loud - for joey ) with a badge . that 's how shithead argue . they point to they cock . Jack cotter walk out the rest room , throw freddy a disdainful look for the company he 's keep - fig . fig a dumb fuck like that - p-d - how do that make you feel ? with he connection - that 's a detective you be look at - ' four- five year . - he 's a climber - freddy I do not give a shit . fig yeah ? ' you like eat donut ? freddy shrug , smirk . fig I say it 's okay to be jealous . it 's a very - you know - primeval - primitive emotion . I mean - you save a chick 's life . from it , from risk yourself - from save she sorry ass , you go deaf - as a result . freddy in one ear . ( continued ) 37 38 copland 6/3/96 revise - 41 —- continued : fig in one ear . then you have to watch as this chick you save - this beauty queen - marries this cocksucker - ( gesture to joey ) - this child - this kumquat - who reach for he pencil dick - the one he poke she with - whenever he dim guinea brain seize up . and you with you ear - you can not even get a desk on the force . you be fuck . be jealous . let it shine . I would . purge . cleanse yourself . it 's fuck cleanse . I guess you do that last night , huh ? freddy smile , suck he cigarette . he enjoy fig ' intensity . voice rise from the door . fig turn away as freddy speak . ray glynn enter the bar . freddy I be not that jealous . I have a very - y'know , this be not a joke , here . I mean - sometimes it bug I , not he , but in general - Men at the rear offer glynn a seat , deferential . fig oop. gotta go , freddy . fig move off , suddenly leave freddy alone at the bar . freddy sip he drink , look at he empty pack of cig . delore wipe the bar , glance toward the rear table . delore they be pretty randy - freddy nod , push out he last cigarette . delore ( low ) - consider one of they friend just kill himself . night . the four ace tavern : later pop quarter into the cigarette machine , freddy nod to - the men at the back table ( glynn , cotter , lagonda , fig , joey , crasky and other ) freddy pull the lever . ( continued ) 38 copland 6/3/96 revise —-42 - continued : CUT to : back at the bar - freddy light a cigarette . on tv - a 'n-y-p-d blue '- style crime show - a title montage : cop in cherry - top squad car race through Manhattan . freddy 's eye wander back to the rear of the tavern where voice be rise intermittently . a shouting match break out between cotter and fig . fig bullshit . what be this , " omerta " ? glynn sit down , Gary . fig if I - a 's gonna hang I by my ball , it be not gonna be over six gram of blow . cotter you buy that big ol ' house . maybe you be lookin ' to get out from under . glynn hey . Jackie . fig what be up you ass , Jack ? you get by without gravy ? fuck ! I be put out Ray 's fire when you be suck on you mama 's tittie . ( raise he arm for a search ) Ray ? what be this ? you want to toss I ? glynn sit down . cotter - or even better - get the fuck out . fig fuck you , you fuckin ' child . cotter ' least I be not shackin ' with a p-r whore . laughter . fig stand . cotter you nre suppose to fuck ’em , Gary , not open a methadone clinic . ( continued ) 38 copland 6/3/96 revise — 43 —- continued : cotter snicker , look about to he peer . they be silent . cotter what ? suddenly , fig leap across the table , pummeling cotter . everyone stand . more chair fall backward . freddy rise from he stool . he face bloodied , cotter suddenly draw a revolver , wave it about wildly . lagonda step back . still seated , glynn wave he hand in the AIR . glynn oh , for Christ 's sake ! but cotter doe not put down he weapon . and fig doe not back off , ignore the gun point at he chest . he take cotter by the shirt and shove he face first against the dart board . freddy shuffle forward . freddy hey , hey . guy . fig pull a dart from the dart board and stick its tip up cotter' nose , holding he head with a fisted grip on he hair . cotter owwwwwww ! Jesus chriiist ! fig you get a problem - I help a girl in trouble ? you get a problem with that ? cotter no. no ! you be a fuckin ' humanitarian . cotter lower he gun , moving with fig' every gesture , yelping - try to keep the dart tip from ripping he nose OPEN . fig you think you be so bad , little boy . fig press cotter 's face against a portrait of a young blue - eye cop . the nameplate read " Officer Chris durkin’ . * fig y'see that ? that be my partner . that 's a cop . the only man still seat , ray glynn rise from he chair . ( continued ) 38 copland 6/3/96 revise — 44 — continued : glynn enough . let go of he , figsy . glynn take the gun from cotter 's hand . hesitant , fig remove the dart from cotter 's nose . cotter fall to the floor . glynn ( glaring at fig ) go home . fig look up , he lip bleed , meeting eye with glynn . glynn freddy , get he out of here . freddy come on , figsy ... fig shake off freddy 's hand with a spin of the shoulder . fig Ray . do not shut I out . okay . yes - you be still the big man - you find we a sweet town . get we the low interest . finess the rez requirement . hey . I be grateful - I be grateful - but do not forget who it be - two year ago - who you come to - to cover you ass - he be my partner , Ray . and what we do to he - it be a bad thing . eee eee ee glynn 's eye be flame . lagonda move to stand but - with a simple gesture glynn keep he in he chair . fig point to the portrait of " Officer Chris durkin " . fig it 's not my fault you can not look at he . you sit in that chair . with you back to he . you want it to go away . but I be still here , Ray . in for a penny , in for a pound . just do not shut I out . fig move to the coat rack , don he p-d jacket . freddy follow fig to the door . everyone else watch , freeze , until fig , take he sweet time , fix he sleeve , exit . but fig spin around , face freddy through the crack door . fig ( low , smile ) shoulda ' hit I , freddy . Ray woulda ' like that . 39 copland 6/3/96 revise — 45 — - int . four ace tavern - night - later glynn look toward - the door - joey randone chat with cop # 1 . * pull on he jacket . randone break eye contact with glynn . * freddy carry a bottle of beer from the bar toward - ray glynn at a small table with jack cotter , who dab he nose . cotter ( pick up the dart ) semeone 's drop a dime .. we just can not keep - * ( look at freddy ) * - it here for two week - wait - * freddy sit down beside they . glynn smile , terse . he wince as cotter continue ... cotter . I mean . freddy 's new girl pull we over - tilden show up here with that grin - I * mean - we get some loose end . . freddy Cindy 's cool . she do not see nothing . glynn be uncomfortable with this topic in freddy 's presence . freddy I be sorry . freddy stand . glynn . sit down , freddy . freddy that 's okay . I do not want to interrupt - glynn sit down . freddy . freddy sit down . he sip he beer , take too much . cotter chuckle at freddy . freddy wipe he mouth . glynn glare at cotter . glynn * - freddy - you know that polyp they take out of my ass ? freddy nod , uneasy , unsure of where this be go . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — 46 — 39 continued : glynn well - sometimes - when I look at Jackie , here - cotter grin , proudly . glynn - who do such a masterful job on the bridge last night - sometimes - I think - someone plant that polyp , water it , give it a badge - and now that piece of my ass be sit here grin at I like a fuck hyena . the smile disappear from cotter 's lip . there be a silence . freddy peel at the label on he beer . cotter you know I be the man , Ray . glynn look up at freddy . he smile . glynn freddy 's my man . unfortunately , he 's on the wrong side of the river . freddy ( low ) ' do not mean you can not trust I , Ray . with anything . glynn and I do . I do trust you , freddy . freddy nod appreciatively . glynn finger the dart on the table . glynn I trust you to keep the kid from kill themselves on prom night . I trust you to suggest a good Opera record for my sister at Christmas -time . I trust you to keep a eye on my wife when I be in the city glynn point the dart at freddy . freddy squirm , glance back at - joey randone , exite . glynn maybe I do not trust you with " '' any - thing " . but I trust you with my home and my family . and that 's everything . glynn rise , crossing to the dart board . he push the dart back into the cork . the sharp tip squeak . 40 41 copland 6/3/96 revise - 47 — - ext . four ace tavern - night - later freddy emerge from the tavern . he sigh . a garrison patrol car pull curbside . deputy bill lean out the window . bill freddy . we get - um - a domestic . CUT to : int . / ext . squad car / randone house - night the doberman on the chain bark as - joey randone pound on the front door of he house . joey come on , baby ... fuck ! joey pace , then take a seat on the porch step , run he finger through he hair . light rise . joey look up into - the high beam of a local squad car . freddy and Bill emerge . freddy shine a flashlight . joey have two cut on he neck . joey go home , freddy . everything 's hunky dory . freddy y'mind if we check up on Liz ? joey yes , I mind . freddy knock on the door . Bill kneel , examine joey 's bloody neck . bill oooo . nasty . I be gonna get the kit . Bill head back to the squad car . freddy knock again . freddy Liz ? it 's freddy . joey look up , sullen . joey do Ray know ? ( continued ) 41 copland 6/3/96 revise — 48 -— continued : freddy ( shrug , uncomfortable ) Liz call about some garbage be dumped . - I follow up and it turn out it 's Rose . joey she hit I with a listerine bottle . freddy I think that thing be make of plastic now . Bill return with a kit . he dab at joey 's wound with a pad . joey she be not open that door . the door pull OPEN a crack , stop from the chain lock . liz ( 0.s. ) God dammit . liz undoe the chain , pull the door open . her eye be red . liz hey , freddy . freddy you okay ? Liz nod sadly . joey push away Bill 's bandage . he charge the door . bill hey , hey ! joey storm past liz and freddy , bolt up the step : joey - freddy 's here to rescue you again . a door slam . Liz sigh . freddy maybe you and the baby need a place to stay - let he cool down . I could take you over to the ramada ? liz why ? he do not do anything . I throw a bottle at he . freddy write on the back of a card . ( continued ) 41 42 43 copland 6/3/96 revise - 49 — continued : freddy well . promise you will call I if there 's a problem ? ' do not matter what time . Liz take the card . she look up , she eye fill with tear . liz eight year of marriage . and he 's run around with that fuck spider woman . freddy smile sadly , meeting she eye . they hold this tender gaze . freddy wipe a tear from she cheek with he thumb . Bill wander about the porch , give they space . int . freddy house - night a needle drop on a piano concerto . freddy sit , slump , on the edge of he bed , take off he uniform . he lay he holster at the bedside - beside - a trophy - from the knight of columbus - inscribed - to a young hero ~- freddy heflin freddy lie back on he pillow , sighing . he look - out he window - the old garrison water tower - and beyond - the twinkle light of Manhattan ... close on - freddy close he weary eye ... as the lilt music carry we into - transition to : the memory ( cont 'd ) : marsh - garrison , NJ - day ( 1975 ) we be underwater . looking up at the sunlight . there be a big splash - and young freddy swim toward we . it be quiet . we hear nothing but young freddy 's heart pound . freddy cheek puffed with AIR , he sees in the murk - the sunken GREEN ford , nose down . freddy pull open the door . a lily white hand extending to he from the driver 's side . a beautiful brown -haired girl sit , bent in the cab , she head cut near the hairline , blood swirl in the water . Young freddy take the girl , tight , one arm around she shoulder . but suddenly , the car tip to the side - the only exit blocked . ( continued ) 43 44 copland 6/3/96 revise - 50 - continued : freddy look about the watery silence , wild - eyed , bubbles burst from he mouth . he desperately pull at the driver 's door , look for a exit . jamme . his heart pound louder . freddy beat the side of he head and shoulder against the glass till - crack - it burst upward , giving way . he pull her upward toward the light . cuT to : shiver on the bank , freddy lay the brown -haired girl in the reed . he look out . he can see - he construction co-worker . work . Young freddy scream - ' help ! helllllp ! " - but nothing seem to come from he lip . we hear nothing but the dull thumping rumble of he heart - and the rise chord of a grand piano ... a truck gun across the overpass . it too make no sound . a jersey state police car pull to the edge of the overpass - light swirl around silently . in the distance , the contruction worker react to freddy 's " silent " plea . they pause , look out across the weed . as do a trooper , peer over the break guard rail . young freddy touch the side of he head , confuse by this new silent world . blood drizzle from both of he ear and he head ( where he slam against the roof of ice ) . freddy wipe at he ear , consume with he injury . he look to - the girl at he feet . her body cling to she prune dress . her skin be pale blue . but eeriely beautiful . twisted to the side , a SMALL studd cross hang around her neck . it be liz randone , young , beautiful , and lifeless ... transition to : int . freddy 's house - dawn the gray light of dawn through the drape . a distant siren ring through the air . freddy lie across he bed . he open he eye , look about - the bedside clock read - 5:20 am. 5:20 am. 5:21 be . the tv play - a " how to play blackjack " info-mercial . distant ; the siren rise louder . ( continued ) 44 45 copland 6/3/96 revise - 51 - continued : freddy cross to the window . a black cloud of smoke snake into the AIR from the hill . a squad car screech in freddy drive . Bill geisler rush out . ccut to : ext . a burning house - dawn a old house engulfed with orange flame . the volunteer FIRE engine feebly sprays the roaring timber . freddy step out of he patrol car . the mailbox read - figgis . cindy , bill geisler and a fireman stand behind - two paramedics work on someone . Bill turn to freddy . bill freddy . she 's in bad shape . ' be in the basement . fireman ( nodd to the water tower ) if that tower still hold water ... - we get no pressure . freddy peer around the medic - monica - fig' girl - be in bad shape , burnt , bloody . past pain . her eye flutter eeriely . freddy oh Jesus . where 's fig ? bill ' on he way back . Cindy beep he . a chevy citation swerve to a stop in the drive . fig stand a moment in shock - take in the spectacle - then notice the crowd on the lawn , the medic - he sprint wildly toward they - freddy step back as - fig - tearful - kneel beside monica down in the grass ... he look down at she , torture . he brushes back she blood - clotted hair . she look up at he , push away the oxygen mask . fig be choke with emotion . fig baby . what be you do in there ?! ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 52 - 45 continued : monica speak in a rasp ... she smile vaguely through the pain , she flutter eye meeting fig . monica ..- hey ... I come to see you ... I need some ... I want to see you ... * ... you be not there ... fig ( weep ) I be work , baby . the medic struggle to keep she on the oxygen , but she weakly push it away from she mouth . monica ... I miss you ... - go down ... to listen to the C - B ... see if I could hear you ... ..- I fall asleep ... they press a mask to she face . but she stop breathe . they begin to administer cpr . they push fig away . fig look up at freddy - he eye wild , wet . 46 int . sheriff' office - day freddy at he desk , fill out a accidental death report . fig sit numb and puffy in a chair beside the dispatch radio . he chew the rim of he paper cup . cindy make a new pot of coffee . fig the bastard 's get pay-back . freddy look up . cindy who 's that , Gary ? fig say nothing . he look out the window at - the MAIN intersection . ray glynn pat jack cotter on the back . they conclude a serious talk . lagonda stand by , smoking . glynn cross the street , head this way . freddy lenny say it be not suspicious . ' Said it look electrical . ( continued ) 46 47 copland 6/3/96 revise - 53 - continued : fig snort , he eye still rivete out the window . fig lenny 's a mechanic , freddy . freddy follows fig ' gaze to - glynn who crack OPEN the door . glynn figsy . I hear what happen . fig nod , avoid eye contact . glynn look at I , figsy . figsy look up , wet -ey . glynn 's face soften . glynn do you call in ? fig I be not on till Tuesday . glynn I will call laruso . buy you a couple week . fig say nothing . glynn smile sadly at freddy - and exit . freddy look to fig . " see - he 's not so bad " CUT to : int . freddy house - night freddy sit on the couch beside cindy . there be chinese food container on the coffee table . Cindy have she head on freddy 's shoulder as they watch tv . cindy I do not know - I have be go through the violation - and three quarter of they be jackson , johnson , Browns , Washington ... on the television - a cop show plays ... a tv cop push a black perp against a brick wall . freddy sigh , stare at the tv . cindy this be not move violation , freddy . seat belt - insurance - expire license ; stuff you can not tell until afterward - after you pull them over . ( continued ) 47 48 copland 6/3/96 revise - 54 — continued : freddy so? cindy so you and billy just pull over black people ? freddy Cindy - we get a couple of nasty neighborhood near we . sometimes people - certain element - drive through , take short - cut , through town . I try to make it clear - you know - if you cut through garrison - : eee cindy - and you be black - freddy - and you fit a certain profile - that you be gonna get pull over . Cindy shake she head . she sit up . freddy you think this guy - they come home from a hard day in the city and want to find out they front lawn have be turn into some kind of crack alley ? cindy oh , come on . freddy what I be say be - this be not racial . Cindy nod , pick at she food . freddy can we talk about something else ? Cindy look up , smile sadly . freddy sip he beer . he turn back to the television . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - day fig lie face up in the hold cell . he have make it into a make- shift bedroom . the phone ring . fig lie there - he close he eye but the phone keep ringing . he trudge across to the dispatch desk . ( continued ) 48 49 50 copland 6/3/96 revise - 55 - continued : fig dispatch . uh-huh . uh-huh . well , tell they they can not , Mam . just cause they be t-v people , that do not mean they can park in you lawn . uh- huh . alright then . fig look out the window at - freddy - stand amid a Mass of traffic in MAIN STREET . ext . garrison , NJ . - town square - day badge on he chest , gun at he hip , scab on he nose , freddy direct a line of car - headlight on - many sport pba bumper sticker - up the hill . at the Burger King under construction - a black bricklayer and he hispanic partner watch warily . deputy cindy bett flag the traffic onto a athletic field . it be a elaborate '' twenty gun " burial in the town of garrison . everyone in full nypd uniform , medal pin to chest . a sea of navy blue . like the Saint Patrick 's Day parade . families make they way to the cemetery on the hill . deputy bill geisler chat with cop . friendly . laugh . a line of limo arrive - nyc' mayor and dignitaries emerge ; pba president laruso , etc . they exchange word , surveying the scene ... CUT to : freddy walk with cindy toward the cemetery . quiet conversation between decked - out men in blue . families mingle about in they Sunday best . many be stranger to garrison . but among they ; glynn , cotter , lagonda , and other . back-slap . hug . whisper . Notes be pass . this be truly a secret society . fig step out of the sheriff 's office . the throng seem to sweep around he . he catch sight of someone - fig hey , Charlie ... but charlie smile tersely and move on . fig look away , hurt . CUT to : ( continued ) 50 copland 6/3/96 revise - s6 — continued : freddy and Cindy stroll up the hill - pass - frank lagonda with a bouncy woman with big hair . lagonda yo , freddy . before a blue tent - joey randone point people to they seat , a chart in he hand . he point liz and he daughter to they place . Liz move stiffly , she eye darting to - freddy , who smile tenderly . but Liz break the gaze , she eye move to - rose glynn , who smoke with several cop' wive beneath a tree . Rose adjust she sunglass and scarf , cover a bruise eye , dryly explain to she peer : rose Ray keep tell I we should prune it . I be chase the dog yesterday - and bam . halfway up the hill - ray glynn grab freddy . he pull he away from Cindy over to - pba president laruso . the mayor stand only a few foot away talk to a reporter . glynn . Vincent laruso , meet sheriff freddy heflin . freddy hold out he hand , beam . freddy glad to meet you , Mr. laruso . laruso you people do a nice job here . Real nice . glynn freddy 's a helluva guy - ' be try to get on the force for year . but he have this thing with he ear - laruso you be not a lip reader , be you ? freddy ( laugh ) no . it 's just one ear . when I be a kid - a aide pull laruso away . ( continued ) 50 51 52 copland 6/3/96 revise —- 57 - continued : laruso - well . you should call I , freddy . you know . when Ray glynn put he thumb in the air - ( move in the crowd ) - it be not the force - but I get my own guy , you know . laruso move off . glynn throw he arm around freddy . grinning . * glynn freddy my boy , that be how thing happen . CUT to : ext . garrison - toro hill cemetery - day a big cemetery atop a roll Jersey hill . hundred of stone marker with flag and emblem on stake - a suburban Arlington - inscription honore a different kind of bury veteran : sergeant Michael foley nypd - 1948-1976 '' heart of the the 38th " tony castanza nypd - 1954 -1981 " sixteen year of service " Officer Gary matursky nypd - 1951 - 1979 " in the line of duty " and finally - a extravagant marker - surround by flower - Officer Chris durkin nypd - 1960 - 1994 " martyr to the system , hero to he peer " reporter ( 0.s . ) - durkin , murder in he cell , await a Grand jury . two year later - deja vu. a tv reporter stand beside durkin 's marker . a cameraman tilt up to a head and shoulder shot of the reporter , the big blue tent in the bg .- babitch 's ceremony . reporter - another hero cop - dub " superboy " - unwilling to trust the system that destroy he friend - leap from the - under the big blue tent - the burial ceremony - a legion of official . at the CENTER - babitch mother hold a tri-folded flag . she weep . flanking she - ray and rose glynn . Rose adjust she sunglass , uncomfortable with the attention she bruise be receive from - joey randone - who sit with liz a few row back . ray glynn meet eye with joey . joey look away . ( continued ) 52 53 54 copland 6/3/96 revise —-58 — continued : a winch lower the casket into the ground . freddy , Cindy and Bill watch the ceremony from the shoulder of the access road . Cindy lean to freddy , whisper . cindy what 's in there ? freddy his uniform . cuT to : on the receiving line - liz randone 's eye be fill with rage as she stand behind - glynn and he wife — rose . ma babitch solemnly accept everyone 's good wish .- . " he be a great man , gina . " " do not you worry about a thing . " honor guard FIRE into the AIR . ka-boom . ka-boom . ka-boom . and the band plays ... drown out the protester ... CUT to : int . sheriff' office - late afternoon moe tilden and carson - the i-a detective - wander about freddy 's office . carson examine - framed on the wall - the yellowed newspaper clip of freddy heroic ice rescue . tilden sit politely on a stool beside freddy 's desk . freddy enter . take off he hat . and realize he 's not alone . tilden sheriff . hey . how you do ? cuT to : int . sheriff' office - late afternoon freddy - at he desk - examine a folder of photo - 8 x 10' : - - - a glossy picture of murray babitch ( superboy ) . - - - a picture of ray glynn meeting with a dapper italian man . sitting on the nearby stool , moe tilden finger - the TRAVEL case of cassette tape on freddy 's desk : handwritten with care on the spine of the cassettes : prelude and fugue 1957 . sonatas i. 1958 . sonatas ii . 1959 . tilden I do not think they allow classical music in Jersey . ( continued ) 54 copland 6/3/96 revise —-59 - continued : freddy ignore tilden . he hold the 8 x 10 glossy of glynn and the unknown man . freddy who 's this ? carson lean against the wall , thumbing through one of freddy paperback crime novel . he look up . carson toy torillo . you hear of he ? freddy nod . he put down the open folder . the picture of babitch stare up at he . freddy look . this guy do not live here . sometimes he would stop by for drink with the boy . but I do not know anything about he - carson you know Ray glynn be he uncle . freddy - other than that - and that he be some kind of a hero - carson ( tapping on freddy 's frame newspaper article ) like you . tilden cross to the window - - light a cigarette . outside - the dispersing crowd . Men in blue . they family . move past . tv crews pack up . the protester shuffle into a van . tilden I do not know how you do it , sheriff . keeping all this hessian in line . carson pick up the pack of photo on freddy 's desk . he flip through they - grin cop and they family ... tilden - all blue . everyone pack . all together . one door down from the next . wive borrow sugar . you be the sheriff of " cop - land " . freddy cop-land . that 's cute . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 60 — continued : tilden smile . carson have pause on a photo of ray glynn & freddy . he hold it up for tilden to see . tilden nod . freddy shift . tilden see , sheriff . I have a sticky problem . half the man I watch - half of they live beyond that bridge - disperse into this little com-muni-tees . where no one be watch . freddy I be watch . tilden look at freddy , meeting he eye . respectful . tilden I can see that . you get a crime rate here - freddy - lowest in Northern Jersey . carson - yet you get Newark to the south - and Fort Lee on top of you . freddy we do a good job . tilden with a staff of three ? no . what you have - sheriff - be a town that scare the shit out of certain people . carson ( point to he ear ) he think he 's Jimmy Stewart in that movie . freddy spin out of he chair , point to the window . freddy hey . I tell you - I be watch - I mean - ' you see this guy wear silk shirt ? huh ? they pool - they be above ground . ( beat ) you know - you raise you family somewhere decent - that 's a crime now ? tilden smile . he nod to carson - leave the two of we alone . carson grab he coat . 55 56 57 copland 6/3/96 revise — 61 -— the outer office - at the dispatch desk - enter with a fresh pack of smoke , fig look up to find carson , pull on he coat . carson smile at fig . fig glare . carson exit . fig watch he leave , then turn back around to erack door . tilden push the door shut on fig . outside the sheriff' office - ( continuous ) carson lean on a postal box . he light a cigarette . across the STREET - the men in blue look up , uneasy . getting in he limo - pba pre . laruso confer with glynn . at the unfinish Burger King , the black bricklayer look up - meeting eye with - carson . the only other black man in town . fig stand on the sheriff 's office stoop - watch . CUT back to : at fpreddy office window - freddy and tilden tilden so - we bury a shoe today . and that do not bother you . freddy do not look at he . freddy he jump off the g-w-b . tilden - but he body never hit the water . tilden light another cigarette . tilden and that do not bother you ? freddy watch as laruso 's limo pull away . tilden what do ? that I investigate cop ? be a man who always pine to be a cop . freddy turn . glaring . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 62 - 57 continued : freddy I be a cop . tilden - pine to be n-y-p-d : Three force ' apps in ten year . appeal of hearing test . you may be law enforcement . so be 1 . but you be not a " cop . " across the street - outside the four ace - ray glynn , cotter , randone , lagonda and other converse in a huddle . tilden now , I may watch cop . but - tell I if I be wrong - so do you . and because we be both law enforcement . we share a duty . where there 's a stink , we must investigate . we must gather evidence . because evidence make we see the truth . be this the stink of a criminal act ? or be it a turd ina bag ? no - listen to I , sheriff . everyday , I see cop who lose they way . and I can tell you - this lose cop - they be the minority - but they tend to gather . they can be family man . heroes . they can have they reason . but they be also the cop who bring case down . addicted cop . cop who look the other way . cop who plant . cop who beat . cop who take . cop who kill . they ambivalence be contagious . they infect that around they . they be like maggot . where you find one - you often find a nest . now , I do not like this . I go to the same fuck Academy . I stand by Ray glynn at graduation . he be a beauty . a piece of work . and to the cop he be - to he memory - I be loyal . but through the fog of my loyalty - to the man - the evidence make I see . and this day - what I see - like a island - out of my reach - I see a beautiful island - shine through this fog - every house finance by one of two mob bank - uh-huh , that 's right , sheriff - what I see be you town . freddy shake he head . tilden take a deep drag . outside - glynn and company disperse , some climb into car and drive off . glynn and cotter head into the four ace . tilden babitch be not dead . you know it . and I know it . Ray get he out - alive . before he could talk . he be not so lucky last time - ( more ) ( continued ) 57 58 59 copland 6/3/96 revise —- 63 - continued : tilden ( cont would ) when the shit hit with durkin . that one he have to take care of later . freddy turn , overwhelm . tilden but now what ? what do Ray do now ? tilden wiggle he finger in the air , the answer out of reach . tilden that 's why I want you help . because you be inside . because - besides the church traffic and the cat in the tree - there be not much here for you . to keep you mind busy . I look at at you and I see a man wait for something to do . and here I . stand . here I stand , say sheriff , I have something for you to do . tilden push out he cig , move off . freddy turn as - slam . sitting on the stoop - fig look at freddy , knowingly . fade out . ext . garrison meadowland - new day freddy sit in he squad car , the door open . he watch as - fig stand , slump - shoulder , at the water 's edge . he scatter a urn of ash into the water , look out at - the great CITY , gray on the horizon . int . / ext . garrison squad car - day - later moving past through the glass - sunday in garrison : * glynn , cotter , lagonda , crasky , randone & other play softball . freddy drive . fig ride beside he , despondent and grubby . he sing a " mister Rogers " song as the town pass he window . fig so let 's make the most of this beautiful day . since we be together we might as well say . would you be mine - could you be mine - wo not you be - my neighbor . fig continue to stare - red eye - at the scenery . freddy watch he , drive on . ( continued ) 59 60 61 copland 6/3/96 revise —-64 -— continued : freddy um . we should stop by caldor 's . get you - you know - a razor - some fresh clothes . fig say nothing . freddy you know . you do not have to sleep at the station , Gary . you can stay with I - ' till you find a new place . fig turn , face freddy . fig billy hear they be have a party tonight . int . caldor' discount store - day musak play as - freddy stand in a aisle , peruse men' underwear . on the other side of the store , fig stand puzzle amid the toiletries . look up from a pack of " calvin klein " brief , freddy notice - through the shelf - liz randone stare at merchandise on the other side . she fiddle with a purple garment . then move off . freddy discreetly move round the corner - where Liz have be . the women' underwear section . a collection of lacy purple , red and black bras and panty hang from hook . nearby , a standee - a sultry woman in nothing but purple lingerie smile , stand before a fireplace . " passionate new color from maidenform " CUT to : ext . garrison - MAIN road - day a suzuki tracker outfitted with thumping BOX woofers drive through town . we pan with the suzuki as it pass - glynn , cotter , lagonda , crasky , randone & other play softball . the men put down there beer , baseball mitt , etc . , watching the suzuki thump and rumble past ... 62 63 64 copland 6/3/96 revise - 65 — int . sheriff' office - day Cindy watch out the window as ~- the suzuki tracker rip down MAIN STREET , followed by several honking car . she stand , concerned - she fasten she holster . cuT to : ext . caldor' discount - day fig and freddy emerge as - a strange caravan pass - the suzuki , moving fast now - tailed by - garrison nypd in civilian car - honking ... and finally - cindy squad car , light flash . fig what the - ? freddy move to he squad car . fig follow . CUT to : ext . garrison - cul do sac - day screeeech ! the sign say - dead end . nearly roll over , the suzuki lurch to a stop . two homeboy sit inside , terrify . Music continue to pound . cop emerge from there home , gun pulled . they be surround by men with gun - cotter , randone , lagonda , other ; in softball uniform , bermuda short , sweat - lean out the door and window of they car , service revolver cocked . the young of the pair , with a backward knick 's cap , stammer : kid # 1 Jesus Christ ! we be not do shit ! we just go to action Park ! cindy move through the circle of men , pause beside cotter . lagonda rifle through the glove box of the suzuki . cotter look in they pocket . cindy I can not do that . I do not pull they over . cotter what do you want , honey , a letter from the Attorney General ? ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — 66 — 64 continued : kid # 2 I tell you - we go to action Park ! lagonda action Park be in Vernon . slam . freddy step out of he squad car . sunglass on . fig stay inside . tense . holding he caldor 's bag . fig I will wait . kid # 2 - we stop to get gas . it 's cheaper on this side . they start follow we , honk they horn . they be not get no light - how we suppose to know ? we try to get away - that 's all . that 's the story . freddy step into the ring . he glance at Cindy . he turn to the man ; gun lower . the music continue to thump . cotter look in they pocket , freddy . freddy move toward the kid . freddy first of all - turn off the music . ( pull off he shade ) do it . one of the kid snap off the radio . a second garrison patrol car arrive . bill climb out . freddy get out of the car . get out . joey I think I smell something . cotter look in they pocket , freddy . the kid take he place , next to he friend . thin cop search them , freddy ! freddy now - um - I want you to tell this man you be sorry for mess up they weekend . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 67 — 64 continued : Cindy look at freddy - incredulous . Bill step up beside she , watch . cotter look in they pocket , freddy . kid # 1 this be whack . freddy do what I say . the kid stand , tight - lipped . Jack cotter stride forward , shaking he head . cotter this be very cute , freddy . but you have cause and I want to get on with my day . tell they to put they fuck hand on the fuck car . freddy stand , stone - face . cotter ( voice of command , to kid ) ' hand on the car . ' hand on the car ! the kid obediently turn and spread for a search . cotter rummages through they pocket . freddy rock onto the other foot , brood as - cotter proudly hold up - a pipe , and a vial of crack . ccut to : freddy shuffles to he car . in bat , Cindy and Bill cross with the two homey - in cuff . randone and cotter move past , mutter , laugh to one another , do a " impression " of freddy : joey " I want you to tell this man you be sorry for ruin they weekend . * cotter what the fuck ‘we pay he for ? freddy stamp out he cigarette . he look up , hold eye contact with cotter and randone . he climb into the squad car . cuT to : 65 66 copland 6/3/96 revise - 68 — night . the four ace tavern : later freddy suck a cigarette . he stare at the bar television . the eleven o'clock news : - footage of babitch burial . for a moment , freddy appear on -screen , shuffle past camera . in the back , a few cop watch . there be a festive mood about they . but glynn & company be decidedly absent . mayor ( on tv ) - remind we of the blue line that separate we from anarchy . that 's why I be form a bipartisan commission to study work condition of police in we city . scatter applause in the bar . on tv , another political figure ; councilman jone if that officer have not jump , the Mayor would be talk about in - crease supervision . boo 's from the back . delore the barmaid smile at freddy . delore freddy . be that you on the tee vee ? freddy shrug . he turn . deputy Bill stand in the door of the tavern . bill ' get some call about this thing up at Ray 's . ' think maybe you should come . CuT to : int . ray glynn' house - a party - night light and loud music snap off as ~ jack cotter carry a cake with a single candle through - a SMALL crowd of cop - lagonda , cotter , crasky , and other . they sing ' happy birthday ' - a perverse ' go away ' party for - murray babitch , who sit at the center , grin , wear a party hat . he blow out the single candle and everyone applaud . cop # 1 congratulation , Murray ! ( continued ) 66 67 copland 6/3/96 revise —- 69 -— continued : cop # 2 spin around . cop # 2 he 's not Murray anymore . he 's mortimer snerd - of Tempe , Arizona ! babitch Atlanta , Georgia . cop # 1 whatever . everyone laugh . someone turn the music back on - Sinatra Plays - loud . babitch lean over to a pretty woman beside he . babitch it 's kind of cool , you know ? not many people get to live two life . cop # 2 pat Ray glynn . cop # 2 I do not think you could pull it off , Ray . Ray glynn nod . pain . cut to : int . glynn' house - upstair - in the bedroom ( continuous ) Music play loud from downstairs . ray glynn sit on the edge of he bed - on the phone . his shoulder slump . his head in he hand . he speak quietly . glynn . Vince . I do not want to go through this again . I can not . I tell the boy - I mean - they be downstairs now , say good - bye . laruso ( on phone ) so - fine - let they say good - bye . a shadow play across the bed . glynn look up . rose glynn stand in the doorway . move on . glynn look to cotter who sit on a dresser , look uneasy , watch glynn . Ray shake he head at he . laruso ( on phone ) Ray . you tell I you be nervous . you tell I Dark side should lose the - ( continued ) 67 68 69 copland 6/3/96 revise - 70 — continued : glynn I just want moe tilden tie down . that 's all . I want he tell - he set foot in this town again , he kid be gonna be buss to bed fuckin' stuy with fresh nike on they foot . I want he to feel it - like I be . laruso ( on phone ) - and I be tell you that can happen , Ray - that can happen - if you promise I they find something in the river - this week . glynn . Vince . it 's my sister - in - law 's kid . laruso ( on phone ) ( beat ) do not you say he be adopt ? CUT to : int . glynn' kitchen - night rose glynn look up - tense - as someone exit the bathroom . she be write something on a party napkin with a sharpie . CUT to : ext . glynn' house - night the music boom loudly from inside glynn 's house . freddy slam the door of he squad car . there be many car park along the street . through the window - the place be pack . bill also climb out of the car - but freddy gesture for he to stay behind . Bill sit down on the hood . as freddy approach the door - lagonda burst out the door with he big - haire girlfriend . freddy hey , Frank . be Ray in there ? lagonda - need be 's turn it down ? freddy I need to talk to Ray . freddy move to the crack door . Music throbbing . ( continued ) 69 copland 6/3/96 revise - 71 - continued : Frank lagonda sigh . he release he girlfriend 's hand . he move past freddy - lagonda - stay here - lagonda move through the crack door - glimpsis of Rose glynn , and other familiar face . freddy shift onto the other foot . wait . at the squad car - lagonda's girlfriend , she finger on she lip , eye deputy bill . Bill nod , friendly . girlfriend - you guy ' gun - be they the same one they use in the city ? bill ... ( nod ) ... uh huh . ' thirty eight . back at the door - ray glynn emerge from the throng , haggard . he shout over the music . he do not look freddy in the eye . glynn what 's up , freddy ? ' you want I to turn it down ? rose glynn appear over he shoulder , hold a drink wrap with a party napkin . she move toward murray babitch . freddy well . it 's after midnight . glynn lou ! turn it down ! no , down ! the music go down . lagonda head back out to he girl . glynn Frank . do not go yet . lagonda turn around . freddy Ray . this do not make - lagonda - I gotta take donna home . glynn ( terse ) take she to the train . ( continued ) 69 70 copland 6/3/96 revise - 72 - continued : lagonda receive the urgency in glynn 's eye . he move off shaking he head . glynn turn back to freddy , try to smile . freddy - this do not make thing very easy for I . I mean . this be a pretty big thing you be have - the day after - I mean ... glynn what be you talk about , freddy ? freddy wince . freddy Ray . this guy come to see I yesterday . glynn that " guy 's " have a hard - on for I for year . it 's a personal thing , freddy . freddy well . he know - you know - that you nephew 's alive - that you get he here . glynn say nothing unblink . the tacit question be * - and what do you say , freddy ? " freddy I tell them he 's dead . I tell he he be wrong about you . but - Ray - I be the sheriff . I be suppose to know what 's go on . I mean . how do you think this look ? glynn go home , freddy . and do not think so much . I hear what happen today with Jack and the boy . I be sorry about that . everyone 's very high strung . freddy Ray - I can not - glynn ( fierce ) go home , freddy . glynn turn away , close the door on he . CUT to : int . glynn' house - the party - a hallway - night cop all around - rose glynn press a drink - wrapped in a party napkin - into murray babitch hand . he resist . ( continued ) 70 71 copland 6/3/96 revise - - 73 - continued : babitch I be fine , aunt Rose . iam . Rose wipe the faint bruise on she eye , intense . rose Murray . I want you to have this . perplex - babitch take the drink - and the napkin . CUT to : int . freddy heflin be house - night lean on a speaker , a beaten - up record jacket - Glenn gould 's " Goldberg variation " . the record spin on the turntable as finger gently lower the needle . freddy unbutton he shirt , lie back on he couch , smoking . headlights spray in the window . freddy sit up . the door open onto - liz randone - mascara runny , she wear a throw - over coat , and hold a pack of cigarettes , one light ... liz hi. freddy hi. liz um. Liz be nervous and upset . she look over she shoulder . freddy you get in another fight ? liz we be gonna have 'a big talk 's . freddy uh huh . liz ( start to weep ) I have my mom take caroline . - but joey call and say he 's stick . that he make some arrest - and that - Liz descend into bawling . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 74 — 721 continued : liz I mean - I can not believe he anymore - when he tell I something . freddy look about nervously as - a car pass . Liz pull herself out of it , suddenly matter - of - fact . liz - so - I decide to get drunk . and I remember this bottle of - that you give we - when we get marry - freddy - sambuca - liz - and it taste like licorice . it make I want to smoke . so I go out and get cigarettes . and I be drive by - freddy Liz . you want to come inside ? Liz smile , sadly ... she nod - like a little girl . CUT away to : 72 int . glynn' house - the party - night the music be low , the last people leave the party . uneasy , rose glynn head upstairs to bed , look back toward - cop take Care . put this behind you now . babitch I will . thanks to Ray . murray babitch be at the door say tearful * good - by " - the drink in he hand . cop # 1 and # 2 offer bear hug . cop # 2 take care , mur - I mean , Pete . you have a great life . babitch you too , Mike . cop # 1 send we some - I do not know - what 's in Georgia ? ( continued ) 72 73 copland 6/3/96 revise - 75 — continued : babitch peaches . cop # 2 ( exite ) well - send we some of that . babitch hug good - bye to - other exiting cop . cotter put he arm around babitch , interrupt . he smile , but appear tense . cotter Ray want to see you out back . babitch tell he fifteen minute . cotter look firm . babitch be tipsy . there be a few more cop wait to wish babitch well . babitch what ? tell he fifteen . I be say my good - by here . cotter move off , piss . another exiting cop they take you away tonight , mur ? babitch I guess so . CUT back to : int . reddy house - night freddy and Liz sit on the couch . Music play . smoke . sipping drink . the tv run silently . Liz hold the beat up record jacket , examine it . liz this be pretty scratchy . you can get C - D 's - you know - in stereo . freddy would not matter to I . Liz blink , then get it , touch she ear , smile . liz oh. right . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise ~— 76 — 73 continued : freddy be not he great ? he play like that - so fast - without even look at the key . liz - like Ray Charles . freddy yeah . everyone think he be a genius . but he stop do concert after that . Cause he could not get it perfect , you know ? the music build . freddy conduct with he hand . liz oh. Liz watch freddy in wonder . barely listen . buzze . fascinate by he , not the music . she touch freddy 's ear . liz which one be it ? freddy smile , try to focus on the music ... wishing Liz would do the same . freddy the other one . ( point to the album ) beetoven be completely deaf at the end of - you know - he career . gould have this funky ear , too - see ? ' kind of a goofy look guy - but he be a genius , you know ? Liz sit up . she lean on freddy 's shoulder . freddy stiffen . she turn , she lip close to freddy 's bad ear . she whisper . liz you smell good . freddy hm ? Liz smile sweetly . a bit amaze with herself . liz nothing . freddy blushes , unsure what to say - unsure of what she say . liz you know - it 's a funny thing - when you owe someone you life . ( continued ) 73 74 75 copland 6/3/96 revise - 17 — continued : freddy shrug . nod . Liz touch he cheek . liz why be it you never get marry ? freddy turn . he look deep into she eye . freddy all the best girl get take . tear drop from Liz 's cheek . they make a quiet pop sound as they hit the record jacket in she hand . freddy reach , wiping she cheek . his eye drink she in . a rumbling silence rise ... we flash to - the memory : at the edge of the water . ... the music continue ... young freddy lean down , straighten young liz' head , brush back she hair . lifeless , she lie in the reed . he press he mouth against hers . he blow ( so gently , the air squirt out the side . ) no response . he blow again . determined . and again . her belly swell . her eye flutter . she cough water . as the piano key trill romantically - her eye open weakly , slowly , like sleep beauty . Color blossom in she cheek . freddy lean away , smile nervously , shaking . blood drizzle from he ear . he cover she with he jacket in the distance , construction worker approach , tentative , soon * sprinting . the trooper shuffles down from the overpass above . they encircle freddy and liz . they shout to one another but we do not hear they . they look at bloody freddy in wonder . the music build . back to the present - freddy & liz be kissing on the couch . Glenn gould play ... freddy and Liz tenderly peck at each other . sweet kiss - each mirror the last - he cheek , she cheek - he neck , hers , the hair , the forehead . the kiss quicken . Liz and freddy build a tender rhythm but be somehow unable , unwilling , to move further , like school kid , up against the limit of they experience . suddenly , Liz back away , self - conscious . she put the back of she hand to she mouth . ( continued ) 75 76 77 78 copland 6/3/96 revise - 78 —- continued : liz um . this be crazy . freddy look at she , longingly . the music still play ... cuT to : ext . freddy heflin be house - night liz' van pull out of freddy drive . freddy stand in the doorway , watch the van move off . a garrison squad car sit , parked in the shadow . Inside , cindy bett look out sadly - watch ... CUT away to : int . glynn' house - bathroom - night close on - babitch drink sit upon a shelf before a bathroom mirror . murray babitch rise into frame , splash water on he face . he look at himself in the mirror . then - notice - the marked napkin cling to he drink . he peel it off the glass , read the scrawl . he look up in the mirror , suddenly terrify , the color go from he cheek . coat and holsters be hang on the shower rod . babitch take a revolver . CUT to : ext . glynn' house - night murray babitch stand at the back door . shaken . in the shadow , at the far side of a above ground pool , ray glynn smoke , tense . the water tower loom against the sky . babitch look at the water tower - then - nervous — stumble down the step , approach the cover pool . he walk along the perimeter , pause suddenly , talk to glynn from the opposite side , look about philosophically , terrify ... babitch - you know , Ray . it 's be a great thing you do . make a place . where guy could stick together , you know ? glynn nod , grim . babitch I mean - you do not have to do this for I - ~ I mean , you could 'a just - ( shrug ) ( continued ) 78 copland 6/3/96 revise - 79 - continued : jack cotter stand at the back door . frank lagonda join he . the look at each other and then - out to - glynn and babitch stand together - babitch I always tell ma - uncle Ray - he do not like I very much - glynn I always like you , Murray . you just sweat too much . babitch smile , painfully . glynn nod . he look to cotter . on the step , cotter look to lagonda cotter everyone 's go ? lagonda nod solemnly . cotter nod '' okay " to glynn . babitch so . what 's gonna happen ? we meeting some people ? I be pretty buzze . I mean . I be all pack and everything but - ( notice lagonda and cotter approach he from behind ) - maybe we should wait and do this tomorrow or something . cotter and lagonda smile sadly at babitch . babitch where 's joey ? lagonda ' work tonight . babitch nod , nervous , stand there . glynn suck on he cigarette . cotter I be sorry it come out this way , Murray . babitch ( shrug , eyelid lowering ) oh . it 's not so bad , Jack . glynn look to cotter . cotter put he hand on babitch 's head , he finger in he hair . ( continued ) 78 79 copland 6/3/96 revise — 80 — continued : cotter yes , it be , Murray . in a swift motion , cotter plunge babitch head into the swimming pool , holding he under . lagonda hold he flailing arm as - babitch thrashes wildly ... he hand groping for the gun in he pant ... CUT to : ext . glynn' house - night joey randone climb out of he car - still in uniform - walk toward the door to glynn 's House . it be lock . there be a splash sound ... and suddenly a shot ... bang ! joey move quickly around to the back . he come upon - ray glynn , cotter and lagonda struggling with babitch at the pool . babitch come up , he smoking gun in the AIR - choking - scream - bang , bang ! . cotter and lagonda recoil from the shot . babitch spring from the water - babitch jesus ! you bastard ! fuck you ! ! - and run into the wood . joey randone stand - horrify . joey what the fuck be you do ?! cotter run off after babitch . lagonda follow . glynn move off too but be stop , by joey randone 's hand on he sleeve . joey what the fuck , Ray ? you say laruso be gonna set he up - with a new life . glynn y'think I be all that , joey ? no . you do not . or you would not be milk man-ing my wife . glynn move off . joey randone stand there , devastate . he look up to - the light in glynn 's bedroom switch off . the drape move . CUT to : 80 81 82 copland 6/3/96 revise moving with cotter and lagonda - night - in the wood out of breath , lagonda and cotter look about . glynn join they , puffing . they look at one another . -81 -— CUT to : ommitted ext . MAIN STREET - garrison - morning a line of car curbside - pink ticket on the windshield . jack cotter come out of the deli , a coffee in he hand . he find a ticket under he wiper blade . cindy approach . she notice the ticket - and cotter , fume . ray glynn emerge from the deli , hold a paper cup of coffee . cotter what the hell be this ? Cindy shrug , point to the parking sign . cindy a parking ticket . it 's after seven . cotter and what ? - it 's after seven - and what ? cindy ( move off ) talk to freddy . he write it . cotter yell after Cindy . glynn 's blue eye be icy , pierce . cotter you tell " Wyatt earp " - that leg of lamb between he ear - that 's for eat - not for think with . ( wave the ticket at Cindy ) he say this be a green car ? do that look green to you . it be blue . carillion Blue . tell he I do not own no green car - so I be not pay no fuckin ' cupcake ticket . glynn take cotter by the collar . other cop look up . glynn you press yesterday , Jackie - you press and he go up into the attic and find he ( more ) ( continued ) 82 83 84 copland 6/3/96 revise - 82- continued : glynn ( cont would ) spine . ( cotter squirm ) now - you chill . you chill and you find my nephew . ( move to he car ) think " ghandi " . CUT to : int . sheriff' office - day the two homey from the suzuki sit - head in they hand - behind bar in the convert tire storage area . kid # 2 this be total racial bullshit , man . freddy ignore he . he read the NY post - proclaiming : ' big blue pow wow ' - Mayor and p-b-a prexy to meet fig I be tell you . I be do you a favor . just toss them . fig sit on the edge of the dispatch desk , sip coffee , sorting through the overflow in - basket with cindy . cindy Gary - you can not do that . fig crumple a wad of paper and toss it in the trash . cindy sheriff ! freddy look up from he newspaper . freddy do what he say , cin . fig grin at Cindy . she be disgust . kid # 2 ( 0.s. ) yo , .. yo. freddy turn as - kid # 2 gesture humbly through the bar , bum for a cigarette . CUT to : int . four ace - men' room - night cotter approach a urinal beside - freddy . freddy nod to he , terse , flush the toilet . cotter glare . ( continued ) 84 85 copland 6/3/96 revise - 83 - continued : cotter " stead of write bullshit ticket , freddy , of which I have no intention to pay - maybe y'should be look at that fire . y'know ? with scrutiny . I mean - my girl at chase say figsy be miss payment - what with . the he and she co - co problem and what - not . freddy where be you that night , Jack ? cotter 's face go numb - he zip up he pants . cotter ‘had nothing to do with it . that would be retrib-bution - and that , I leave to God almighty . ( smile ) I be ghandi . cotter throw water on he face . cotter eig be the one get the fat insurance check . freddy head to the door . freddy say " hey " to superboy - if you see he . cotter spin around . freddy smile , nervous , in the doorway . cotter superboy be dead , freddy . we put he in the ground . int . four ace tavern - night ray glynn sit in back with frank lagonda , joey randone and a few other . they be quiet . tense . as freddy pass they - glynn freddy . pull up a chair . freddy shake he head , stiff , gesture to cindy at the bar . cotter return to he seat , stare at freddy , uneasy . freddy sit down beside cindy , who pick at a shrimp salad . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 84 — 85 continued : cindy so - where be he ? freddy hm ? cindy where be he ? hear this question , everyone in the back look up . cindy - fig - freddy oh - at my house . the boy in back return to they business . freddy pick at a meatloaf sandwich before he . he glance to the man in back . cindy be he just gonna ' hang around ' now ? freddy hm ? I do not know , cin . be it a problem ? cindy I mean - I know he 's get lot of tip and . all . but when he 's around - I feel like a secretary - with a gun , y'know ? freddy sigh . Cindy take a cigarette from freddy 's pack . in the back , joey randone spring to he feet - joey - help find he ? - so what ? - so you can finish clean you pool with he head ? what ? - ' you get something to tell I , Ray . Mr. humanitarian . you tell I . glynn glare at joey , icy . joey put up he hand . joey I be go . I be in at ten . cotter we all be . we get another hour . glynn continue stare . joey grab he coat , avoid glynn 's eye . he walk out . slam . * cotter look to glynn . ( continued ) copland 6/4/96 revise - 85 - 85 continued : and glynn turn to - freddy , watch from the bar . freddy turn back to Cindy - as she speak : cindy I never should have take this job . you be sweet back then - with you music - and you ear . doin ' you job . I tell my mom you be like this noble turtle . ' think I find someone who move at my speed . ( she laugh at herself ) but now - I mean . what be I - a door knob ? I mean - what be you do ? at least this guy know who they be . at least they be not sit there stare at old newspaper clipping . what - you gonna like I more if I put on some fuckin tiara and let you save I ? be that gonna make you feel better ? eee eee eee Cindy cross to the coat rack . cur to : 86 int . freddy house - night a bucket of kentucky fry Chicken bone and beer can in the sink . " the Passion of Saint Matthew " play on the turntable . smoking , freddy sit at the kitchen table with fig . a half empty bottle of scotch between they . and a collection of newspaper clipping , chronicle babitch 's " suicide . " fig you be lucky you ear keep you off the force , freddy . it 's a deep and dark motherfuck . se ee freddy whatever . I would like to have discover that for myself , you know ?. fig well . what you be feel right now - friendless - angry - nervous - misunderstand - this be it . this be the life . ( beat ) City cop be not nothing but garbage man . ' pick up the trash , take it away , dump it . next week , ' go down the same block , ' pick up the same trash all over again . eee eee eee freddy suck he cigarette down to the filter . he stare out the window , tear welling in he eye . ( continued ) copland 6/4/96 revise 86 continued : freddy if I see Liz - drown in the water - if I see that today ? I would not go in . I would stand there - and I would think about it . and that 's the best thing I ever do with my life . ( push out the butt ) now - I hear all this voice . telling I I can not do anything . fig what do you hear when you save she ? freddy smirk . shrug . freddy Music : fig smile . he look at - a newspaper picture of babitch . fig so . freddy so. fig so - you want to sit around listen to gergen gingleshnort - freddy - Glenn gould - fig - play the " Opus to cunt hair number six in G flat major labia " ? freddy laugh . shake he head . fig or - you want to bring the faggot in ? let he spill . freddy I would not know where to begin . fig y'ever see '' murder on the orient Express " ? freddy shake he head . fig smile , eye bright . fig they all do it . — - 86 — ee eee ee CUT away to : 87 copland 6/3/96 revise - 87 -— manhattan . night . jersey across the river . g-w bridge . we hear a desperate voice . it feel very close . wincing cop ( 0.s. ) - ahhh - Christ ! - where be you guy ?! shit - I be down - and joey 's try to hold on - but this bastard - he cut I up - like a bank camera , impassive , we pan - across the light , past the dark building between - wincing cop ( 0.s. ) - he 's a fuckin’ monster ... - past the loose mortar of this dark rooftop , past a glisten pool of crimson - to find - walkie talkie ( 0.s. ) ( siren in bg . - static ) on way , tone . hold it together . the wincing cop ( tony ) lie on a tar paper roof , hold he puncture thigh and neck . he grunt into a shoulder clipped walkie . wincing cop ( tony ) - I can not move . I think he cut my tendon ... joey ( 0.s. ) I need some assist , over here ! walkie talkie voice ( static ) - where 's joey ? - tony ( wincing cop ) - fifty foot - ah , shit - he 's in trouble , Jackie . across a chasm - on the roof of the next build - joey randone be lifted effortlessly into the AIR by a heavy set black man in sweat ( shondel ) . they be nose to nose . joey you release I - cock -sucker ! shondel smile at joey 's feeble temper ; a little boy in blue . shondel ... you get a wife ? joey nod , look about . across the STREET - people be watching out there OPEN window . ( continued ) 87 88 copland 6/3/96 revise — - 88 — continued : shondel smile . shondel . " get a little baby ? joey nod . shondel so quit . tell I you quit . I let go . you go home . kiss you wife . eat you baby 's fruit loops . and it be taste so good . and you thank I , motherfucker . joey blink . shondel I can kill you with my hand . I can kill you with you gun . I can kill you with my blood . tha 's right . or - I can let you go . you ' still be a hero to I . Cause I be re-deem . re-re-reedeemed - ( read he badge ) - Officer randon-ee a siren rise in the distance . light swirl down the block . shondel smile , angelic , though he grip tighten . joey tearful , wipe he mouth on he shoulder . CUT back to : ext . freddy porch - night - garrison freddy sit on the porch . he watch as - fig tip a Beer can on the railing , let what foam remain dribble out ... fig - a brother 's in deep shit - he 's down - he 's bleed - and you gotta get there - but there 's light - all over the city there be red light . freddy you go through the red light . fig suck on he cigarette , disappointed by the response . fig sure , you fire up the roof , you wail , you go through the red light - but it 's slow , freddy , fight you way through traffic . the goal be perpetual motion . you want green . but how do you insure the green ? you can not . as in life , in traffic . so you ( more ) ( continued ) 88 89 copland 6/3/96 revise - 89 — continued : fig ( cont would ) leave yourself a out . at every corner you leave yourself a alternative . you follow ? freddy shrug . fig sigh , he cigarette hang on he lip . fig gesture , he hand miming a zig - zag course , approach the tip beer on the railing . fig freddy . you be in pursuit of a block - not a street name . y'follow ? if the gig be on madison , you do not want to get on madison - not until you be there . on you block . on - scene . no . you drive diagonal - you zig , you zag - you turn the wheel when you hit a red light . it be about navigation . you play each turn like a Ace in the fuck hole . ete ee eee fig rights the tip beer can . he smile . fig ' play this right , you get perpetual motion . freddy yeah . but . how do this apply to - fig spin around , impatient . fig it apply , freddy ! Jesus . it 's just as easy to tail a man walk in front of he . listen to I . you butt head with this friend of ours - you come at they head - on ? with you pink ticket . see the fig shake he head , lean on the railing , look out at the light of the garrison . fig they get life , freddy . families . ( low ) no . you move diagonal . you jag . it may feel innately wrong - but like so much in this world , what feel wrong be innately right . CUT away to : ext . on the STREET - manhattan - night dome -light spinning - a nypd squad car lurch curbside . from out the door leap , several nypd , gun pulled . another car arrive - ray glynn and jack cotter emerge . glynn move slower than the other . ( continued ) 89 90 copland 6/3/96 revise - 90 — continued : cop run to the corner , encircling - a dull - eyed woman and her child . she point upward , numb , she clothing rip ... cop bang on steel re-enforced door , pry at they with a crow bar - try desperately to get stair access . another cop tries to stand on a cement banister , attempting to pull down a decaying FIRE escape . up above : the struggle continue ... shadows play . there be a anguish scream from above . joey 's voice . down the block - in a alley - ray glynn come upon - an_open door , it lead to a stairwell that spiral upward . glynn pull the door shut as - cotter and another cop arrive . cotter joey 's in trouble , Ray . glynn nods , jiggling a pin in the lock of the ( OPEN ) door . he mime picking the tumbler . the other cop be impatient . other cop let 's break it in ! glynn no need . I get it . just - one - more - glynn look at cotter , placid , eerie . he hold the door close one more long beat , .. then open it . glynn - second . up above : randone and shondel wrestle , stretched precariously across the gap between two building . slashes across randone's hand , bloody from blocking he slashing knife . from a adjacent roof , cotter & other cop rush to randone , firing in the AIR , grabbing shondel , pulling he off joey - but - beneath joey' feet - the brick crumble to dust ... joey oh , Jesus . Jackie - joey reach he bloody hand out for jack cotter as - he fall backward ... plummeting ... ..- headlong to the sidewalk ... ten stories below . there be a muffle thunk . ( continued ) 90 91 copland 6/3/96 revise - 91 - continued : at the rooftop stair - BOX - glynn step onto the roof , wind . he see the man all stare downward , silent and shocked . cotter turn , glaring at glynn . glynn wince , look off . CUT to : int . freddy house - night freddy lie in bed - wide awake . the television dron . the bathroom door be crack - fig run water inside . there be a knock at the door . freddy sit up . check he hair in he mirror . he open the door onto - murray babitch - wild - eyed , unshaven . babitch you be the sheriff , right ? freddy blink , stunne . he nod , touch he match nose -scar . babitch speak in a paranoid whisper , word staggering out he mouth , he red eye darting . babitch hey . um. I be the guy who jump . the one they bury . I be dead . uh. I mean . I need you help . they be try to kill I freddy who ? babitch ( laugh , then weep ) who ? who ? . freddy wipe he face with he hand . freddy okay . so. uh. what do you want to do ? you want to go to the city ? babitch go to the city ?! - Jesus ! - ' you have any idea how connect he be ? De you ? go to the city ?! he 's fuck everywhere ! fig walk out of the bathroom , a towel to he face . babitch turn , terrify . ( he see fig as one of '' they " ) ( continued ) 91 92 93 94 95 copiand 6/3/96 revise - 92 - continued : freddy meet eye with fig . he turn back - but - babitch be go . CUT to : ext . along the road - garrison meadowland - night rounding a bend , move into the marshland that lead to the river , freddy ( in he robe ) and fig ( further back ) struggle to keep pace with babitch , far ahead . freddy turn , slow , look at a approach car . nobody . just a funkify v-w van . it pass . freddy turn back . he look about the moonlit reed . babitch have disappear . fig join he . cough . nothing anywhere but reed . and the old water tower loom overhead . cuT to : int . freddy house - dawn bird sing as the sun rise . the abandoned water tower rise high above the tree . pulling from a window - we come upon - a bedside clock . it blink : 6:28 , 6:28 , 6:29 . beside it - a gun . freddy lie awake in he bed . fig sleep on the couch . CUT to : int . freddy bathroom - dawn splash water on he face , freddy stand at the sink . he look at himself in the mirror . suddenly , he notice - a sprinkling of white powder on the face of a hand mirror . freddy run he finger through the powder , sniff it . fig ( 0.s. ) ' you waking up ? Jesus - I feel like shit . ( sniffles ) man. fuckin ' allergy ... freddy look toward the door , dread on he face . a flag -draped coffin be lowered into a dark pit we be - ext , garrison cemetery - day as before - a sea of blue surround the ceremony . ( continued ) 95 96-97 98 99 100 copland 6/3/96 revise - 93 - continued : and at the CENTER of it all - liz randone Lovely and strangely numb , she stand resolute and plain , she hair blow with the wind , she daughter at she side . freddy watch Liz with obsessive interest as she solemnly accept everyone 's good wish . " he be a great guy , Liz " " do not you worry about a thing " . she find comfort in freddy 's eye . freddy can not stop stare at Liz . over he shoulder , distant , the old garrison water tower . CUT to : ommitted ext . one police plaza - day freddy emerge from a path train station . he stand under the great arch of Manhattan borough Hall , Chambers Street behind he , cut through to the Hudson . across the plaza , cop criss - cross before a brown build with dark window ( one police plaza ) . the Brooklyn Bridge loom in bg . freddy check a wad of paper . freddy walk past - cop before a barricade one cop watch freddy - berta - the bomb souad cop from sc . 1 . they eye meet . freddy nod , friendly , move on . CUT to : int . one police plaza - day freddy take he bag from the metal detector . he shuffles up the step . Wide -ey - he 's at '' cop -central " . a long hall - cop buzz all around - many wearing brass - moving in and out of " war room " : misc . cop " call the m - E. Mecca want the slug . " " hey - be this Coke diet ? " " and I want to see the driver .* at the end of the hall - a door . office of special SERVICES - internal affayr int . one police plaza - war room - day the War room be subdued . two i-a detective whisper , look back toward - ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 94 - 100 continued : detective moe tilden - through a doorway - in a adjoining office . he sit , a cigarette burn in he lip , he foot on he desk . he look glum , play with a rubber band . i-a detective # 1 ( unwrap a lunch ) he get the call ? i-a detective # 2 ( nod , take potato chip , look at paperwork ) ' pull the plug . ' tell he if he set foot in Jersey again , he 's back in the bag . carson timidly approach tilden 's door , hold a phone . carson uh. moe . tilden yeah . carson the " sheriff of garrison , New Jersey " be here to see you . tilden 's face be numb . carson y'gonna tell he we be freeze ? tilden think . he smile , wheel turn . he stand . pick up a computer monitor - still plugge in - and throw it in a empty box . he toss another box to carson , who stand , puzzle . tilden put you file in there . carson what ? tilden throw'em in . do it . we be do . carson moe ? what the fuck ? tilden step into the war room . he turn to detective # 2 . tilden rubin ? what be you do ?! the case be close . ( continued ) 100 copland 6/3/96 revise - 95 - continued : rubin ( det. # 2 ) look up , frighten . rubin uh. yeah , but you tell I to - tilden what - I tell you what ? fuck you . the case be close . go to lunch . tilden throw rubin 's work in the trash . tilden go - to = lunch rubin ( look at he lunch ) but I get - tilden cross to the map of garrison on the bulletin board . he rip it down , stuff in the trash . tilden go to lunch ! stun , carson and the other watch as - tilden move along the desk of other detective , throw file to the floor . everyone look at he as if he 's go mad . tilden the case be fuck close ! get the fuck outta here ! all of you ! i-a detective shuffle out . carson look at tilden , dumbstruck . tilden grin . carson blink . tilden carsie - put you work in the box . carson reluctantly stuff " garrison " file into he box . tilden step across the mess he 's make , move back toward he office . he close the door . he put he foot up , check once - bright - eye - over he shoulder as - freddy heflin enter the war room , nervous . he be take aback by the mess . file on the floor . the shred bulletin board . carson turn , dump file . carson sheriff - what can I do for you ? freddy look about , bewilder . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise + 96 — continued : freddy what 's go on ? you guy move ? carson smile , cryptic . he continue stuff he box full of file . carson you could say that . freddy ( nodd to tilden ) he tell I to come down if - you know - carson uh-huh . freddy be confuse . he furrow . look . you guy be right . babitch be alive . in the back office , tilden listen , gleeful , snap a rubber band . freddy move to he but carson step in front . carson it 's a little late , sheriff . but - thanks for come in anyway . freddy turn . confused . he nod toward tilden . freddy I want to talk to he . carson put he hand on freddy , move he to the door . carson sheriff . look around you . it 's out of we hand , now , you dig ? freddy I gotta talk to he . it 's important . freddy break past carson - he open tilden 's door . freddy hey . tilden sit there . he refuse to meet freddy 's eye , lighting a fresh cigarette , turn he back on freddy , face the window . freddy be perplex . carson cross to tilden 's door , pull on freddy 's sleeve . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 97 — 100 continued : freddy hey . you be right . they try to kill he . ' like you say . but he get away . he 's run around in the wood , you know , like Grizzly Adams or something . he 's scared to death . we gotta do something . carson ' should be scared . his uncle get this case close with one phone call . freddy shake off carson 's grip . freddy look . I be sorry - it take so long - to come around , you know ? you be right . I could not see the truth . ' like you say . the evidence . my loyalty - they be confuse , you know ? but I be ready now . tilden be stone-face . freddy what be this ? what the fuck be this ? you come to I - to my town - with this speech and shit . tilden ( still not look at freddy ) that be two week ago . freddy what about babitch ? tilden fuck he . freddy what about glynn ? tilden fuck he . freddy what about joey randone ? tilden he fall off a building . freddy glare . ( continued ) 100 101 copland 6/3/96 revise - 98 — continued : tilden listen to I , sheriff . I be very sorry I awoke you from you slumber . but it 's over . hand be tie , now . you shut I down . freddy no , they be not - you can - tilden turn , face freddy . red-faced . intense . tilden listen to I . I offer you a chance . i . when there be still room to move . I offer you a chance - to be a cop . and you blow it . freddy speak slowly , he eye blaze with emotion . freddy - everyone say that - " listen to I , freddy , listen to I , sheriff " - I hear fine - you know ? - but I get one good ear - tilden hear this . you blow it . freddy - so I listen hard - to the word - that come out of cop 's mouth - you know ? because you guy - p-d - I figure you know the score . but this day - what come out everyone 's mouth - what come out of you mouth - it 's just all this poetic diarrhea . ( beat ) you people be all the same . the eee tilden be silent . carson look to - some detective have assemble in the door - from the yell . freddy walk off - past they - exite . carson turn to tilden . smoke trickle from tilden 's lip . tilden that cupcake make a mess . we have a case again . CUT to : ext . garrison FIRE house barbecue / fair - day carnival truck parked on a athletic field , set up with game of chance . a spider -like tilt -a-whirl spin . cop 's family roam about . there be a gathering around a charcoal pit . ( continued ) 101 102 copland 6/3/96 revise - 99 - continued : ray glynn turn the quarter chicken on the grill . . he look haggard , tense , as he watch freddy cross past . CUT to : a bb-gun shoot gallery set up in the OPEN end of a truck . stuffed animal hang all around the open end of the truck . the unshaven operator smoke , watch freddy warily as he look to a big GREEN stuffed turtle above . freddy ( put down cash ) two shot in the center ? operator ' you a cop ? ' rule be different for cop . I be lose my shirt here . freddy what do I gotta do ? operator fi £ six . Jack cotter approach from behind , a full plate in hand . he slap down two dollar . the Operator sigh . cotter I know , I know . I hear ya . the Operator hand they both rifle . freddy aim he rifle . cotter do too . cotter ' enjoy you trip to the big city , freddy ? bang . freddy miss . bang . cotter put one in the center . cotter ' have to make the next five to win . freddy turn back to the target , raise the gun to he eye . all sound seem to drop away as he squint at the target . bang. center . bang. center . bang. center . bang. center . bang. bull 's eve . the operator take a drag on he cigarette and reluctantly hand freddy the plush turtle . cotter sneer , impressed . CUT to : 103 104 copland 6/3/96 revise - 100 - ext . along MAIN STREET - day a crane place a " home of the whopper " sign at the nearly finish Burger King . lean on the side of the sheriff 's office , cindy bett chat with a passerby . she look up , notice - freddy - walk along main street , carrying foil - wrapped chicken , flowers , and the turtle . Cindy smile as he approach - assume the gift be for she . freddy walk past Cindy , averting he eye . CUT to : int . freddy patrol car - day the plush turtle and the food on the passenger seat , beside a bottle of wine , freddy put he key in the ignition ... cotter ( 0.s. ) where you go , freddy ? jack cotter and frank lagonda sit in the back seat . cotter - hm ? where you go ? freddy tighten - try to be friendly . freddy ...- mo of you business , guy . cotter grab freddy by the hair on the back of he head . cotter ' just cause Ray like you , freddy , do not mean I be gonna let you fuck he up the ass . freddy wince in cotter 's grip . lagonda where 's superboy , freddy ? freddy you be ask I ? I do not know . freddy slink he hand toward - he gun . from the back seat , there be the click of a revolver . cotter you think you be make the big play ? ( continued ) 104 105 106 copland 6/3/96 revise - 101 - continued : freddy I be not make a play , Jack - but - I be the sheriff . cotter so who you gonna arrest , lagonda sheriff - the whole town ? you think we stink ? huh ? you go to i-a for you think we have a odor ? paint-by-numbers cop you give job to elmira lesson ? girl who open they leg ? that 's not kosher , be it ? freddy look in he rear view mirror . cotter and lagonda glare . cotter everybody 's watch you , freddy . ext . randone house - late afternoon freddy stand on the porch , arm full . he knock . Liz peer out a side window ; she brighten . the door open . freddy hello . liz hello , freddy . a awkward beat . freddy um . I think maybe ... have you eat ? int . randone house - late afternoon freddy follow Liz into the kitchen . she hold she flower . liz beautiful . and no condolence . freddy smile awkwardly . he put the plush turtle on a chair . Liz notice it . liz do you win that ? freddy nod , proudly . Liz smile , queasy . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — - 102 — continued : liz I have to take the other Ollie away from she - he be leak all over the place . Liz take the bottle of wine and pull out a corkscrew . liz I have not be very receptive to visitor . freddy well . if you do not feel like company - liz no , no . stay . Liz pour two glass of wine . liz caroline 's napping - and I be sit in front of the tee vee , wonder if my life be over . Liz hand freddy a glass . freddy sound fun . Liz turn to the chicken , unwrap the foil . freddy it 's probably cold . liz I will heat it up . freddy wander about the live room , take it in - like he be consider buy it - as be . he squeeze a couch cushion . back in the kitchen , Liz slide the chicken into the oven . liz so. all that ... hoop - la for joey . that ceremony must give you a headache . freddy shrug , uneasy with this topic . liz I guess you be get use to it , huh . ' bury one every two week . Liz cross into the live room . ( continued ) 106 107 108 copland 6/3/96 revise - 103 — - continued : liz it be like one of the Kennedy 's die . I think , here I be , play Jackie 0 . freddy sit down on the couch . he smile a small tense smile . liz be this in bad taste ? you can tell I , freddy . it probably be . I be sorry . cuT to : ext . randone house - night a garrison squad car slow . Inside , cindy look out at - freddy smashed squad car - in Liz 's driveway . a old delta 88 slow as it pass Cindy . it be jack cotter . he smile at she - follow she gaze to - freddy 's car . cindy lurch her car away but - cotter throws he in reverse - blocking her - stay even with she window . he smile . two cop sit in the back of cotter' car . cotter ' nothing better to do than watch ? cop # 1 come on , Jack . we gotta get down there . I want to get this do . Cindy look away . cotter grin at she , intense . cotter we be lookin ' for a lose brother . ' be at the " ace " later . ' you get tired of this . CUT to : int . randone house - sunset freddy and Liz sit at the dining room table , eat . the television play quietly . freddy - fig talk like everyone be a car and you can just - change direction like - by turn the wheel . it 's not that easy . liz damn right . ( continued ) 108 copland 6/3/96 revise continued : freddy sometimes I feel like a boat . a big boat . liz a ocean liner . freddy yeah . the Queen Mary . liz the Titanic . freddy right . exactly . ( inspire ) and you see this iceberg come - you know - but you be so enormous - you can not turn . you have to -— like - you know - in the movie - you gotta alert the engine room or rudder room or whatever - and it take so long and you be so big - you do not turn . you just hit it . freddy look up from he fevere story , meeting Liz 's eye . liz I just hope you be not try to prove anything , freddy . freddy blink , taut . hurt . liz I mean , okay - some of they be asshole - ' think they be high priest or something . but - why would they do all this ? - I mean . maybe they be do the right thing ? freddy Liz . I see picture of Ray meeting with this guy - this mobster . liz say who - i-a ? freddy and even you say - joey 's death be - liz joey fall off a building , freddy . liz I do not need this , you know - open up . maybe you need this , freddy . but i_do not . ( more ) - 104 - eee eee freddy eye move to - the academy graduation picture of joey randone on the wall . his medal on he chest . a big grin . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 105 - 108 continued : liz ( cont would ) all joey want be a place for we to live I mean - who be you to judge ? ' till you have walk in they shoe . ( beat ) maybe that 's what you be try to do with I . caroline cry from another room . freddy stiffen . Liz rise , smile sadly . she move upstairs . freddy sigh . dejected , he turn to - the mute tv . on screen , a 7u' cop movie - a la " prince of the CITY " - it play silently as - a smoking cop talk with a woman at a bar . freddy take the remote , turn up the volume . smoking cop ( on tv ) - cop be nothing but garbage man . ' pick up the trash . ' dump it . next week , you pick up the same trash all over again . freddy stare blankly at the screen . deja vu. cuT to : 109 int . ext . freddy squad car - night driving along the water , freddy pass - a line of car parked roadside . flashlight scan the brush . a search for babitch . deputy bill watch from squad car . freddy pull up to he . bill glynn catch he wife drop food ' round here . ' so they figure he must be nearby . freddy nod , weary . bill you know why they call he " superboy " ? freddy ' be a hero . bill ( shake he head ) ' Cause he love Campbell 's " Chicken and star " . soup-erboy . get it ? Bill smile . freddy drive off . 110 int . freddy house - night take off he coat , freddy stare at - ( continued ) 110 111 copland 6/3/96 revise — 106 - continued : a envelope lie open on the kitchen table . address to fig , it 's from state farm insurance , a green check peek out . fig enter the room , fold clothes , put they in - he n-y-p-d athletic bag . slightly char on one corner . freddy you get you check . fig thanks to you , freddy . ' file that papers in such a timely fashion . freddy blink . fig ' you with Liz ? freddy nod , he mind work on something else , stare at fig 's char athletic bag . fig cross into the bathroom . freddy where you go ? fig ( 0.s. ) my leave come . so I think I would look around - for a new reality , you know ? anyway . you could use the ' probly use the privacy . freddy nod , unnerve . he take he coat and head back out . fig poke he head out of the bathroom door as - slam . CUT to : ext . charree remains of fig be house - night in the moonlight - the roof burnt away - the star shine down upon - a char toaster . pot holder on a wall fragment . at the center of this box of moonlight - freddy heflin sit , finger a small char device . he examine it , tear in he eye , with a brown - out flashlight . fig what 's up ? freddy turn , startle . he smile , sorrowful . freddy that lady cop — bomb squad , right ? - ' sold you this cap and a timer . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise ~ 107 — 111 continued : freddy hold up the device . fig say nothing . he shake he head sadly . freddy ' guess you figure - with " superboy " - * y'figure you be cover — if you could * just act like marlon brando — keep I busy - * ol ' freddy - he 's too stupid to suspect * anything . ( need to understand ) y¥ 'did not know she be come over * that night , do you ? * fig shake he head , beginning to weep . fig she say she be go to she friend 's - to watch pay-per-view . the thing - it be ona timer . I do not know she would be there . . ( beat ) she would still be alive if that bullshit tower still hold water . freddy . the " diagonal rule " be the bullshit , Gary . fig turn and wander , slump , back toward he car . * fig ' till you need it , freddy . ' till you need it . freddy . I do not need traffic tip . i_need help . but fig keep walk toward he car . freddy * - I be gonna bring " superboy " in - and - for once - we be all gonna tell the truth . fig you gotta find he first . before they do . fig shake he head and open the door to he car . he light a cigarette , look at the light of the great city across the river and back at - freddy , alone in the moonlight . fig freddy . I get - in my pocket - a check for two hundred grand . I get a chance ( more ) ( continued ) 111 112 113 copland 6/3/96 revise — - 108 - continued : fig ( cont would ) to start my life again . I do not give a shit about this town or - ( nodd to NYC ) - that town or " justice . " be right be not a bulletproof vest . a light flick on in a nearby house . freddy say nothing . fig get in he car. slam . he start it up and drive off . back to - close on - freddy he sigh , red -ey . he look out the roof of the char house into the moonlight , stare at - the abandoned water tower against the sky . garrison , NJ - it say in fade letter . freddy squint . he stand . CUT to : ext . garrison meadowland - the water tower - night a field of reed surround the base of the water tower . there be a path - fresh - trod through the grass . freddy climb up the long ladder . precarious . some of the rung break . he be high above the ground . the town lie quietly below he . asleep . cuT to : int . water tower - night murray '' superboy " babitch open he eye to see — freddy stand over he . babitch be puffy face , unshaven . he wear sweat . this chamber be a mess - can of Campbell 's '' Chicken & star " soup pop open , all over - clothes scattered . freddy let 's go . babitch blink , take this in . babitch where ? freddy I be take you to the city . babitch laugh . they be a strange pair - freddy and babitch -- same age , same build , and the same heal scar on they nose . ( continued ) 113 114 115 copland 6/3/96 revise continued : freddy get dress . babitch who be you work with ? the fed ? freddy shake he head . babitch I -a ? freddy shake he head . babitch you be alone ? freddy nod . he motion to a pile of clothes . freddy get dress . int . / ext . squad car — MAIN STREET - night - 109 — - cuT to : freddy drive . babitch sit in back , stare at he cuff . freddy stiffen . babitch 's eye widen . babitch oh , Christ . through the windshield — ray glynn' grand prix and other car be assemble at the four ace . Men mill about , head inside . freddy get down . ( quietly , into he radio ) Bill ... you copy ? babitch slink down . freddy snap off he light . freddy Bill ? you out there ? no response . freddy toss down the radio . he pull into the back of the station house . int . sheriff' office — night freddy do not turn the light on . he escort babitch into the holding cell . babitch flop down on the bench . sigh . ( continued ) 115 116 117 copland 6/3/96 revise - 110 - continued : babitch you do not know what you be do , do you ? freddy shut up . freddy cross to the dispatch radio . he flick it on . freddy ... Bill ... you copy ? ... Bill ... the second hand on the clock stick , then move on . it 's two thirty . freddy cross to the window . the STREET be quiet . everyone 's in the bar . a garrison patrol car be park at the corner . near the bar . freddy shit . freddy meet eye with - the newspaper article on the wall . lit by a streetlamp . Liz with she beauty queen 's crown . freddy grab the keys from he desk . he move to the door . babitch hey . wait a second . you can not leave I alone here . hey . hey. slam . ccut to : ext . MAIN STREET - night gun at he side , freddy heflin walk slowly , steadily , across the street , toward the four ace . he light a cigarette . CUT to : int . the four ace tavern - night garrison regular at the bar . bill be drinking with cop # 1 . at the back table - glynn , lagonda , crasky and cotter - with cindy . freddy enter the tavern . all conversation cease . freddy move toward Bill . he push out he cigarette . bill it 's club soda . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 111 - 117 continued : freddy finish it . freddy stride to the back table . glynn ( smile ) hey , freddy . freddy hey , Ray . uh. I come to get Bill and Cindy - and I come to tell you - I find he . the smile wipe from glynn 's face . freddy I be bring he in . tomorrow morning . and I want you to come with I . I owe you that much . glynn uh huh . freddy he 's a fugitive , Ray . and he 's convinced you be gonna kill he . glynn smile , tense - light a cigarette , glance to cotter . glynn he 's a mix up kid . so be you . freddy there 's get to be a way out of this - for everyone . so I say - we all go in tomorrow . together . as a community of law enforcement officer . and we unravel this . with lawyer or whatever . together . legal . in the city . there be some laughter . glynn be get weary of this . glynn just tell I where he be , freddy . " you get he at the station ? freddy wipe the sweat from he brow . Bill and Cindy look to freddy . glynn - what would moe tell you , freddy ? ' get you so confuse . 'he show you picture ? ' I and some '' bad guy " ? ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 112 - 117 continued : lagonda we do not have to explain ourselves to this fuck meter-maid . crasky . he think he 's the one keep this town . clean . glynn ' moe tell you I be out to profit ? huh ? that I get off break bread with the mob ? ' you think I like deal with that people , freddy ? freddy no. Ray . I do not . that 's why you should come in with I - straighten this out . I know - you just want to keep the town clean . and - if someone tell you they would keep the drug and the gang out - glynn damned straight , freddy . " - I would do they some favor . " damned straight . cotter be you gonna keep it out , freddy ? - with you tin badge and you cupcake car ? freddy that 's why you should come in with I and explain it to they - tell they - freddy shake he head . glynn listen to I , freddy . you know the difference between man and boy ? boy bet everything on everything . boy think every hand be a royal flush . you play card with aman - he know he limit . see eee freddy * Ray - glynn listen to I . I invite man - cop - good Men to live here . and this man - to make a live - they cross that bridge everyday - to a place where everything be upside down - where the cop be the perp and the perp be the yictin . eee ee ee cotter smile . he 's hear this speech before and he love it . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise - 113 - 117 continued : glynn but they play by the rule . they keep they gun in they holster and they play by the rule . the only thing they ever do be get they family out - before it get to they . ( beat ) and you come to I - freddy - with a plan . a plan to '' set thing right " . everyone in the city hold hand - sing " we be the World " . it 's very nice . but freddy - you plan be the plan of a hoy . you make it on the back of a match book - without think - wi i : and you say - " come in with I , Ray - bet you life on this hand " - and I look at the card - and I see nothing . I see superboy crucify . I see this town destroy . I see the death of everything we have build , freddy . that 's not what you want , be it ? ee ee ek ke freddy Ray . I look at this town - and I do not like what I see anymore . oe glynn stand , eye flame . glynn whe the fuck do you think you be ? freddy I be the sheriff of garrison , New Jersey . lagonda the grass have not even take root above joey 's grave , you fuck . cotter put he gun on the table . play with it . cotter ' you feel like a cop now , freddy , stick it inside a cop 's widow ? some of the other cop be get uncomfortable . a few leave . cop # 1 I be outta here , Ray . cop # 2 yeah . this be too rich for I . cindy and bill be frozen - torn ... freddy hand touch he holster . Cindy look away . ( continued ) 117 118 copland 6/3/96 revise — 114 - continued : glynn freddy . you get he at the station ? freddy say nothing . glynn just drop the key . maybe they fall out of you pocket . or maybe Cindy 's . and you go ome and you sleep . and you wake up - and you guide that traffic through town - tear well in freddy 's eye . glynn - and everything will be the way it be . freddy look at the clock on the wall . freddy um. I be leave at six . that 's in a few hour . I would like you to come with I , Ray . Bill join freddy , hesitant . glynn wilt . glynn there 's nothing I can say ? freddy look up solemnly . glynn put he hand in the air . crafty . glynn okay , then . six it be . it 's a date . freddy blink , stunne . cotter and lagonda glare at glynn . freddy - okay . I will see you then . freddy shuffles , uneasily , toward the door . Bill follow . freddy look to Cindy . she turn to cotter - tear . she shake she head , tearful . freddy pull the door shut . int . station house - night babitch sit , pace in he cell . two shotguns on the table , freddy sit slump , face the window of the station . bill pace , on the phone . ( continued ) copland 6/3/96 revise — 115 - 118 continued : bill - no , honey . I be tell you - because I can not just leave he here . Bill hang up the phone . slowly . the second hand on the clock stick . it be four thirty . Bill glare out the window . a car idle outside ... watch ... freddy go home , Bill . bill ( torture ) I mean . I want to be here for you , freddy . but ... Lisa 's nervous . she 's pregnant . I mean . there 's a reason I never apply to the city , you know ? this be you thing . freddy so , go on . I be gonna be fine . ( smile ) they be not go to kill I . babitch mutter in the bg . Bill move to the door . he turn . bill why do not you just go now ? freddy I tell he I be leave at six . besides . they be out there already . bill ( nodd ) take care , freddy . freddy nod , weary . Bill exit . babitch put he head in he hand . 119 int . fig be chevy - NJ turnpike - night driving , music blast , he car pile with belonging , gary ' fig ' figgis keep stare at himself in the driver 's mirror . fig shut the fuck up , would you please ? but fig look once more and - with a sigh - hit the brake . fig' chevy screech to a stop in the desert turnpike . ( continued ) 119 120 121 copland 6/3/96 revise — 116 - continued : CUT to : int . sheriff' office - dawn bird sing . the mud-yellow sun rise over the distant city . the second hand stick , then move on . a few minute to six . freddy wake with a start . he peer out the window . the street be empty . desolate . the car from last night - go . freddy oh , well . he take a shotgun . he open babitch 's cell . babitch be sit there , groggy . freddy come on . we be go . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET - dawn the bank clock blink - 5:58 be , 5:58 be , 5:59 be . freddy and babitch exit the station . they round the corner , walk in the alley behind the sheriff 's Office toward - freddy parked squad car . freddy stop in he track . the tire have be slashed . babitch oh God . a hand reach from behind freddy , take he shotgun . he feel the cold press of steel against he head . cotter get down . Jack cotter push freddy down on he knee . lagonda take babitch . cotter push freddy 's back . cotter I say - get down , freddy . Color wash from freddy 's face as he get down on all four . freddy Jesus . guy . you do not want to do this . ( continued ) 121 122 copland 6/3/96 revise - 117 — continued : lagonda do not shit in you pants , freddy . we be not gonna kill you . the muzzle of a gun touch freddy ear . cotter this be the good one , right ? freddy nod . he close he eye . he hear the tumbler click . he hear the hammer pull . crack ! the gun fire , not into freddy 's head , but . freddy roll to the pavement , powder burn cover he ear , blood trickle from the canal . delirious with pain , freddy look up as — cotter and lagonda load babitch into a car . since the gunshot — all we can hear be a ringing sound . a low distant piano , and freddy 's racing heartbeat . they roar up the road , toward the housing tract on the hill leave freddy alone , deaf and bleed on the roadside . he struggle to stand . he collapse to he knee . cuT to : ext . road up through the tract house - early morning the rumble and piano continue to build . smacked with dawn light , Manhattan glimmer across the river . at a neatly kept house - cop # 1 - in he robe - take he morning paper from the stoop . he notice - stumble up the center of the road — sheriff freddy heflin , blood trickle from he ear , run down he neck , soaking he shirt . his face be pale and haggard , the powder burn smear over one side of he head . shotgun in one hand , revolver in the other , freddy look like a western gunfighter , he eye glaze with anger , he face stone . they meet eye . the cop close he door . freddy trudge on . up the steep hill . past the mailbox that read - randone ... the doberman on the chain bark silently at freddy ... liz look out her bedroom window - seeing - ( continued ) 122 123 copland 6/3/96 revise —- 118 - continued : freddy , march on ... daze and bloody ... move toward - cuT to : ext . glynn' STREET - garrison , NJ - morning in the distance - at glynn' house - cotter , lagonda and crasky stand on glynn' stoop . gun at there side . glynn emerge from { the house with babitch in tow . freddy walk toward glynn' house , shotgun in hand . and_a_ distant furious piano ... in the bg. , liz run out onto her lawn , desperately yelling to freddy . unheard - he keep walking ... lagonda turn , seeing freddy first . he shout to the other . glynn turn . stunned . freddy stride toward the house , emboldened by the silence of he injury . he blink , wiping sweat and blood out of he eye . jack cotter point he finger at freddy - saying something - scream a barrage of un-heard insult and warning ... glynn and crasky pull babitch - kicking and scream - back into the house . lagonda raise he gun — shout something at freddy . but freddy keep walking toward they . steady . he heartbeat increase — tha-thump , tha-thump ... the piano build ... the muzzle of lagonda's gun flare . the windshield of a parked car silently shatter . freddy doe not blink . the shot - silent - seem harmless . liz run back to her door , watching - terrified ... freddy raise he gun . he fire . but there be no SOUND . lagonda crumple to the ground , clutching he leg . freddy keep walking . steady . cotter shout something again , raising he gun . freddy and cotter FIRE at the same time . muzzle flare . cotter fall backward on the pavement . hit in the chest . he gun fly from he hand . ( continued ) 123 124 copland 6/3/96 revise - 119 - continued : but freddy stand . unscathed . again walking steadily toward the front door of the house . cotter and lagonda lie on the ground beneath freddy , bloody . cotter' eye be wet and red . he shout unheard expletive . leo crasky peer round the side of glynn' house , carrying a shotgun , aiming it at freddy ... liz silently scream at - freddy , who - oblivious , move toward the front door of glynn' house . suddenly - a spray of blood . confuse - freddy touch he shoulder . he_has be hit . crasky stand at the side of glynn' house , gun smoking . he raise the gun to FIRE again — at_ freddy suddenly — a silent blast rip through crasky' torso . crasky 's gun fire into the air , he fall backward , limp . fig stand in the CENTER of the road , revolver smoking . his chevy behind he . lying on he back , lagonda fire a shot at freddy - - missing . but before he can FIRE again ... freddy release a shot into lagonda's chest . fig scream - unheard - running forward as - ray glynn fire at freddy from he cracked front door . day , freddy spin - returning FIRE - as doe fig . the door splinter . glynn retreat into the house . int . glynn' house - morning numb with silence , bloody , freddy move down the hall . decorate with medal , citation of heroism , headline and photo , there be blood smear along the wall , and on the cream color carpet lead up the stair - to the bedroom ... freddy follows the trail . climbing the stair . his eye darting leave and right , wild ... below , fig enter the house , shouting something as freddy round the banister upstairs , push open - ( continued ) 124 125 126 copland 6/3/96 revise - 120 - continued : the bedroom door . he gun trained on - rose glynn - huddle on the bed - and babitch - he leg sticking out the window as he tries to climb onto the roof . a frozen moment - rose glynn and babitch staring at freddy , .. past_freddy . .. and in this moment - freddy eye follow - the blood trail on the carpet . it make a loop into the room , toward the bed , then back around and toward freddy under he foot ... freddy spin around and fire as - ray glynn leap at freddy , he face contorted from the shot to he gut - word silently spewing from he mouth . freddy I can not hear you , Ray . glynn crumple to the ground . fig arrive at freddy side . cuT to : ext . glynn' STREET - morning fig and freddy emerge with babitch . in the golden light , a crowd of stunned cop in robe and sweatpant . there family watching from the safety of there front stoop . they be in awe . dull -face - but respectful of freddy 's command . liz stand among they . her eye meet - freddy be - as he drag babitch to fig' chevy . int . / ext . fig be chevy - g-w bridge approach - day freddy drive , a pool of blood welling on he lap , from the wound to he shoulder . fig rip freddy 's shirt , tie a tourniquet . babitch lie across the back seat , numb . babitch he 's deaf . they shot out he ear , man . freddy pull to a stop at the toll booth . freddy hand the toll taker three buck . the toll taker be nonchalant . oblivious to the blood all over . toll taker it 's four . ( continued ) 126 copland 6/3/96 revise - 121 - continued : freddy ( deaf ; confuse ) hm ? fig hand freddy another single . fig freddy ! here ! it's four , now ! as freddy pull the car through through the mechanical arm and out onto the bridge , fig shake he head in wonder . babitch - watchin ' too much gunsmoke , man . he 's crazy . he be . he 's fuckin’ nut . fig turn , meeting babitch 's eye . fig smile . fig no . he 's a cop . driving across the bridge , oblivious , freddy glance at fig . fig put a spin red light on the dash and flick it on . freddy smile a weary smile . wider - the great gray bridge - manhattan to the other side - as fig ' chevy weave toward the city , red light spin . from somewhere - a piano rise - lilt , romantic and strong .