copycat script by Frank pierson , Ann biderman & jay presson Allen copycat third draft by Frank pierson participate writer : Ann biderman jay presson Allen int . lecture hall berkeley - day the hall be full . on the stage , dr . helen hudson be speak . helen be a forensic psychologist . behind she be a project diagram : predisposition , dissociation , trauma , fantasy , violent fantasy , facilitator , murder , and trauma-reinforcement which she can point to with a laser point device . we see she from a considerable distance ... the back of the balcony . her voice be crisp and assure . helen we society create this socially and psychically disenfranchise man , and they revenge on society be terrible . they be hard to catch . they be " the nice guy next door , " they employer -- if they work at all -- find they quiet and uncomplain . early abuse and rejection have teach they passivity . only in they violent fantasy do they feel alive . what they seek in they frenzied assault on they victim be relief from passivity . for this man , ten minute relief be worth far more than the life of another human be . torture , the pain they inflict , the scream of the victim , be all part of the ritual that give they a brief respite from they own psychic pain . and then the depression , the forget , the feel of sadness and despair begin the cycle all over again . like addict seek they drug , Albert desalvo , bianchi and buono , berkowitz , dahmer , Bundy -- they seek out they next victim . during the second half of this speech , the eye of the camera have move slowly forward until it settles just behind the balcony railing . closeup : helen helen the cycle be endless until they be catch . and they be catch by chance -- they run a red light , and a body be in the trunk . a leak pipe bring a plumber to a basement where they be the smell of death . her eye have come to rest on the spot of the camera eye in the balcony ... her voice choke off . she stare . helen' Pov : sitting in the front row of the balcony , a young red-headed man ( daryll lee cullum ) lean forward , rest he tattooe arm on the railing . he smile intimately at helen . helen cut she eye to the leave . she see : backstage , a overweight cop in plain clothes . instantly alert to helen be alarm , he jump up , come within a inch of expose he presence to the audience . a second cop , in the wing on the other side of the stage , also spring to attention . first cop be eye follow helen be ... they Pov : the balcony - young red -headed man be no longer there . helen can she believe she eye ? resume : helen at any time , right now , as you listen , the FBI estimate there be 30 to 35 serial killer stalking they victim . the serial killer be a plaque that must be address not only by the law , but by science . Florida spend eight million dollar to execute Ted Bundy . it would have be better spend building a forensic penal facility devote to research . once again she eye fix on the balcony to reassure herself that the smile man be not there ... helen confine for life , without parole , and subject to scientific study , this men' life might finally , in some small measure , educate and thereby protect society . thank you . applause as helen warily check for the two cop . they be carefully case the crowd . CUT to : later : the crowd be break up . first cop walk helen to the lady ' room . people reach to shake helen 's hand ; she cope as well as she can with she fear . they leave the stage through a door open to a corridor leading back to dressing room and a lady ' room ... CUT to : int . lady ' room - day the cop , clearly embarrassed , poke he head in and look around . under one stall he see a woman 's high heel . he hastily duck back into hall and signal a okay to helen . before the door behind she close , we see the cop prepare to stand guard outside . helen walk past the stall with the high heel to a stall several door down . close up high heel : and a tattoo that the cop miss see on one of the ankle . the shoe be kick off . the foot disappear from view as helen , a few stall away , methodically place toilet paper around the seat before raise she skirt . a faint noise make she freeze . her hand reach for the door . she be just able to unlock it , but no more , before a noise come down from the next stall . like a lariat it fall over helen be head and be violently yank tight . she kick at the stall door . corridor : cop , lean against outside door smoking , hear the clang of metal as the stall door bang open . he react ... int . lady room - continued the red -headed man be struggle to secure the rope around a hook inside he own stall . knocking ( o.s. ) cop ( o.s . ) Doctor Hudson ? be you okay in there ? the man let slip a little slack . helen be finger , thrust between the rope and she neck , get just enough air for helen to let out a strangle little scream . corridor : cop , not certain what to do about the ambiguous sound from inside . woman stand nearby , inhibit he for a split second from go in the lady ' room door . now there be more SOUND from inside ... int . lady room - continuous cop step into the room , gun down . over the cop' shoulder we see helen hang in open booth , she hand flutter at she throat . she have one slippery shoeless foot on the toilet seat . cop take a couple of step forward . behind cop be back we see a broom closet door open . helen' Pov : close up : the cop , take from behind . in a second , he throat be slit . in a gush of blood , he fall , he gun still in he hand . red -headed man stand over the fall cop , smile at helen . cop' body be twitching , jerking . the violent contraction in he finger cause the gun to go off ... one ... two shot , the sound reverberate against the tile wall . stage area the audience and second cop react to the gunshot . helen , she eye bulg , struggle against the rope . slam CUT : int . helen be apt - san francisco - night as helen , in bed , bolt up from the nightmare , she hand try desperately to pull the dream rope from she neck . she be now pale , she hair be dirty , there be deep circle under she eye . this be a woman in the throes of a breakdown . helen Andy ! Andy ! she race through this loft apartment ( the wall be EIGHT feet under a twelve -foot ceiling ) to study open off a hall . she look in , gasp for breathe ... int . study - continuous the room be neat -- nobody there . ( we will later see that it be use on and off by she computer , Andy . ) helen whimper in frustration ; she be alone . she talk to herself as she turn back and move past a live room , where she turn on light and the tv flick on , ( court tv . ) the sound come up , loud ... she move on ... try to calm herself with the sound of she own voice ... helen it be October twelfth , 1994 in the city of San Francisco , California , u.s.a. , the strongest , richest , most stable and happiest country in the world . that be the sole place of life in the universe . under god. close : xanax bottle . two pill be shake out into a palm , other scatter from the nervous haste ... close : helen watch herself in bathroom mirror as she toss down the pill , gulp water . she regards she haggard reflection with a certain detachment ... helen good God . what happen to you ? she bark a rueful laugh ... we be see a woman will herself from near-hysteria to relative calm ... CUT to : hall as she exit the bathroom . and move into she office . she pour herself a brandy and stand before two computer . of the side - by-side computer screen , one be blank . the other show a chess setup . flash on the bottom of the screen come a command . chessmaster ' it 's almost seven . make a goddam move . ' she study the chess set - up for a moment , then make a move . she have not even hit the keyboard of the other computer before chessmaster send another message . chessmaster ' lousy move . not really into this game , helen . let 's drop it . I have get a feel about you . let 's meet . like a date . ' helen type the follow to chessmaster . helen ' I be a terrible date . I would mess up you life . ' chessmaster ' another romantic dream go all to hell . ' helen ' maybe it 's better to just dream on ; avoid the disappointment of life . come on , move . ' she push a button on the remote , and we see the window curtain open . bright sunlight stream in ! we see that the T-shirt helen wear say " shrink ' r' we . " she cross to the window with she glass of cognac , look out . view : a sweeping view of the bay , and across to Marin County . the morning sun be dispell the last of the night 's fog . helen open window , put a hand outside , try to feel the air , the freedom . feeling quite restore from the dream horror of the night ... o.s. , the phone ring . helen . a frisson . close : phone her hand come into frame and pick up the handset and carry camera to closeup helen . helen ( carefully ) yes ? ( listen ) you son-of - a-bitch ! Son of a bitch ... stiff with fear and rage , she slam down phone . helen you filthy ... son of a bitch ! on the computer screen behind she the chessmaster make he move : the computer speak in its tiny computer voice : computer ( filter ) you Queen be in check . protect you Queen . over credit : home movie of a young woman dress in a seat suit . it be morning , and she be jogging on a park path . her hair be in a long braid . she be sweat , breathe heavily , clearly near the end of a satisfactory run . the film reverse , the film start up again in extremely slow motion . we be now aware there be another point of view at work here . now the frame freeze at a point where it make the jogger be OPEN -mouthed deep breathing look like a scream ! end title and credit : int . rifle range - day muzzle of semi automatic pistol blast nine shot almost directly into camera . a beat of silence ... the target : it be a silhouette of a man 's head and torso ; center in the right side of the upper chest , near the shoulder , be a small red circle . still smoking , the hole from the bullet be scattered all over the chest , and none in the circle . m.j. ( v.o . ) my third grade teacher at the convent shot better than that . the shooter , ruben goetz , and partner m.j. ruben yeah , but she have divine guidance . we now take in the shooter , ruben , and he companion m.j. halloran . m.j. be a small , deceptively vulnerable look young woman . she be neat , buttone down , crisp . m.j. appear to be about twenty - five . she be , in fact , thirty - four and a homicide inspector with the rank of sergeant . she be usually dress in slack and a loose sweater or a oversize jacket that help make she appear even smaller and young than she be . ruben goetz be also in homicide , about twenty - six and junior in authority to m.j. ruben be good - look , good- humor and laid back . he have a cellular phone attach to he belt . m.j. pull the line that dolly the target back to they , and ruben replace it with another as they talk . m.j. I would feel a whole lot safer with sister Loretta for my backup . look at this guy : you shred he ! ruben well , he 's dead , he can not hurt I now . the target be rig ; they pull the line that dolly it back to shoot position . m.j. it 's sloppy shoot . it 's in character , ruben , but unnecessary . and bad for you career . ruben lets off three quick shot : they cluster nearer the circle . m.j. look at he in surprise . ruben I have be practice . now can I kiss you tummy ? m.j. hide she smile as she prepare she weapon for she turn . m.j. perp 's hold a hostage , the shoulder on he gun hand be gonna be expose . SOUND : a cellular phone ( on rubens ' belt ) . m.j. hold she fire . m.j. answer it . ruben I be sure she think it be . be not you at least interested in which one it be ? she 's lose she concentration lower the gun ; now as he answer , she raise she gun and aim ... ruben ( into phone ) I be here , where be you ?... heeeeyyy ! what a surprise ! no. on duty , have to call you back ... you , too , you too . my God , you make my day . he hit the " end " button ... m.j. you hit the brachial nerve ... she fire ! the shot make a perfect heart around the circle , inside he looser pattern . one final shot strike exactly in the middle ! m.j. you be good enough you will never have to kill anyone . I join the cop to save life , not waste they . ruben you know , m.j. , when I watch you shoot , I realize I have get a little problem with my stance ... could you just move over here and critique my leg ? he slap he thigh where he indicate the trouble might be . she be unload she weapon ... m.j. the problem be between you leg . you tell you shrink about that ? she be unload and clean up . ruben do the same ... ruben I tell my shrink about you , sergeant . I tell he you be the top cop of my dream . ruben have be gather up he box of doughnut , from which he have nibble during the precede ... he drop they , pick one up off the floor and stick it in he mouth ... m.j. ( put away she gear ) do not take that mess in the car . they be on the move ; as they go away from we ... ruben he 's in love with you already ... CUT to : ext . crime scene - day they pull up in front of a apartment building in the Pacific Heights section . patrol car flank the street , the thick yellow ticker tape " police crime scene do not cross " be already up . m.j. double park beside a blue-and -white . a couple of car from the media be already there . susan schiffer a bulldog of a woman , and she camera crew , waylay m.j. and ruben as they cross the sidewalk ... m.j. oh , Christ , the mouth be already here . she be , with a cameraman with a haircut and smile that speak of a life of orthodontics and dream of tv anchorship . ruben hey . and there 's the haircut right behind . if she stop short he 's gonna be there foot up she ass ... susan ( on camera ) Inspector , can you ... m.j. I just get here myself , Susan . susan ... confirm this third murder add up to a pattern ? do we have a serial killer on the loose in the city ? m.j. I just get here . talk to you later ... m.j. ( as they escape behind the barrier tape ) what the hell do she want to do , scare everybody to death ? ruben that 's she job ... Jesus , quinn be here already . quinn , a splenetic irishman , a politician , Chief of homicide stand at the top of the step lead to the front door . as they climb up toward he ... quinn I be wait ... I have to do everything myself . photo , crime tech , the coroner be already inside . the landlady call it in ; tenant be not answer when call , she stick she head in , see the body , use the decease 's telephone to call 911 . otherwise nothing disturb . it 's all yours , kid . I will take care of the mouth and the haircut . m.j. and ruben enter ... int . apartment house - hall - day four uniform cop stand in the hall secure the premise ; at the back one cop stand by a stunne and tearful woman chain-smok ( the landlady ) . m.j. ( to cop ) that the landlady ? ( to ruben ) you wanna talk to she , ruben ? ( back to cop ) who be first on the scene ? Mike answer she question by answer to ruben ! mike I be . m.j. ( forcefully ) I be over here ? what 's you name , Officer ? mike Michael Johnson . m.j. you touch anything , Mike ? pick up anything ? use the doorknob ? I do not want to find you print on anything later and you tell I you forget to tell I . mike no. I do not . she glance at he , at the slightly old inflection on the " I didn 't . " but move on , as ruben go to the landlady ... int . bathroom - day the same young woman we see jogging , be now dead . Hair still in a long braid . she wear only a blouse , open and push back . she be on she back in the bathtub , with one leg dangle over the side of the tub . the effect be slightly pose , but casual , relaxed . bend over she be doc , the coroner , withdrawing a huge meat thermometer from her side . m.j. appear in the back of the shot take in the scene . foreground , Doc read the thermometer . the photographer be finish up he shot . the room be crowded . two coroner 's man wait in the doorway , a stretcher stand on end between they ; m.j. have to pass between they to come down to the body . throughout we focus on m.j.' face ; her reaction to the scene , rather than dwelling on the scene itself . on m.j. : doc ( v.o . ) liver and rigor be tell I about eight hour . I be gonna take she out now if it 's alright . m.j. I be see ligature mark on she neck here , petechial hemorrhages in she eye . strangle . doc you get it . same as the other two . the telephone ring . cop ( v.o . ) tell whoever she can not come to the phone , she 's all tie up . nobody laugh ... m.j. that 's real old material , get a new writer ... she pick up the phone after the second ring , hold it in tissue someone hand she ... m.j. hello ? phone voice ( extremely cheerful ) hello ! this be geena martinez , how be you this morning ? m.j. what be this about , ms martinez ? phone voice I be conduct a telephone survey to determine whether you be satisfied with you insurance on you personal valuable ... m.j. gently hang up the phone . she have be look at the Dead woman ... they pick up where they leave off . doc he use something soft , like a stock or a bathrobe tie . m.j. anybody find it ? no answer as the coroner 's man crowd in beside m.j. to begin lift the body out of the tub . m.j. take one last look into the dead woman 's eye ... m.j. cover she up , please . int . hallway - day ruben still talk to the landlady and take note . m.j. approach Mike ... take he aside ... m.j. Mike . why do not you tell I what 's bother you ? Mike be acutely uncomfortable . m.j. whatever it be , I be gonna find out and sooner be a hell of lot better than later . mike well , there 's something miss in there . there be something around she neck when I come in there , but it 's go now . m.j. who come in after you ? mike Lieutenant quinn . she seem relieved . brightly : m.j. well , it 's all right , then , Mike . thanks . ext . crime scene - day in the door , m.j. appear , look out thoughtfully over the scene ; ruben appear behind she . the photographer be come out ... m.j. ( to photographer ) get I good face on the crowd here . get a couple of harness bull to grab anybody who start to run ... photographer do not tell you grandmother how to suck egg . I only be do this work since you junior prom , darling ... but m.j. be already on to other thing . CUT to : int . helen' outside hallway - day close on a fold newspaper that lie on the floor five or fix feet from the door to helen' apartment . hold door in b.g. the door open and helen look out , waste from cognac and xanax . she look for the newspaper and see it with a look of despair . helen' Pov the newspaper lie there , out of reach . helen as she stretch out she foot toward the paper , can not reach it . Pov . as she move out into the hall she agoraphobia manifest itself : distorted vision that make the hall stretch and the wall take on exaggerated perspective ; sickening -- vertigo ! the newspaper seem further away . helen she drop to she knee and try to lean out further into the hall ... Pov . the floor seem to melt and roll in wave toward she . the newspaper melt like a dali watch . helen sweat . she lie flat on she stomach and crawl toward the newspaper ... and with a supreme effort grab it and squirm back inside . int . apartment - day as she slam the door shut on the hall , and sit gasp for breath . after a moment she can bring herself to look at the newspaper ... insert : police baffle in death of the women helen ( v.o . ) damn fool ! CUT to : int . quinn' office - day quinn be watch a portable tv screen with profound distrust . onscreen be susan schiffer . susan ... continue to stonewall the public . now ... there be a knock , but before quinn can respond , m.j. enter . m.j. you mess with the scene . quinn shut up . he and m.j. both listen to susan . susan ... third Bay Area woman have be strangle , but the police continue to deny that this be the work of one killer . Lt. Thomas quinn declare that the murder will be treat as unrelated crime , unless new evidence ... m.j. turn off the tv , face quinn ... m.j. you mess with the evidence . quinn I tag the goddamn stock . it be not lose . we be sequester that evidence . that 's the trap some son of a bitch be go to fall into ... m.j. be I in charge of this thing ? or not . quinn I say you be ... nh then I decide what evidence we choose to sequester . quinn ( a beat here ) okay . what do you want to sequester ? m.j. the stock around the neck . a long moment of look at each other . then ... quinn you do not say serial killer and I do not say serial killer . m.j. right . quinn ( not satisfied she really mean it ) this be the anniversary of the summer of love and you city father have declare a Festival of Love . the Mayor and chamber of commerce do not want tv announce killer on the loose . m.j. right . and she start to go ... quinn we be gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippie bliss on the grateful Dead ! sleep in the park , smoking dope and stick tulip up they ass . m.j. ( exite ) good . CUT to : int . squad room - day this large room be very busy , many officer at work . known sexual offender have be round up . false confessor add to the crowd . detective who be not deal with this people be make and take call . at this desk , a tall intense look detective , niccoletti , interrogates a false confessor , a man who look like a businessman ... nikko harvey , I do not want you in here no more , make false statement ... confessor they be not false . we pay for city government like this , you do not even care about the truth ?! I kill she in the bathtub . nikko why ? confessor because she be dirty , a dirty girl ! nikko how ? how do you do it , harvey ? harvey with a knife ? nikko good guess , but not good enough . get the fuck outta here ... he have stand as m.j. pass come from quinn 's office . he fall into stride with she through the crowded scene ... he be sweaty and sniff he armpit as a matter of general hygiene checkup ... nikko what be I waste my time with this shit for ? m.j. because it 's you job , that 's all . nikko not what I mean ; why I ? m.j. ( cut ) maybe it 's something you do in this life , nikko ... it have the flavor of a spoiled intimacy , a unfinish argument ... he pantomime she get he with a poison dart . nikko get I . that really hurt ! you ... ruben join they ; nikko stifles and turn away ... m.j. ( to ruben ) get mercer to run the medical , dental , legal bill , laundry and dry clean receipt , extermin- ator , mailmen , grocery and drugstore delivery , handymen , plumber ... ruben it 's mostly do , they get nobody in common , the three of they ... no mutual friend -- the landlady say nobody be ever there , she never see she with anybody . they be approach pachulski be desk . pachulski be on phone . pachulski be look at m.j. , grin ... pachulski ( into phone ) yes , mar 'am , I know . you can not talk she right now ... because she 's busy , she 's all tie up . ( sotto to m.j . ) deep Throat 's back . he hit the speaker phone ... female phone voice this be the third one . you have get a serial killer here . when be you go to start warning people ? pachulski ( whisper ) fourteen call from this broad . and she be not stupid . m.j. signal for gigi to trace the call . take the phone , switch off the speaker ... m.j. who be this ? int . helen' office - day helen on phone helen who be this ? m.j. Inspector halloran , homicide . I be in charge here . pachulski ( amused ) ask she about the moon bike . m.j. I be really interested in you idea . the moon bike . what be that ? helen what be wrong with you people ? the first two , I think he might be on a lunar cycle because they be 28 day apart , but obviously not . this new one be only two week . pachulski be delighted at the joke he 's play on m.j. , m.j. not so much ... gigi signal they be get it . helen ( cont would ) you want to joke about moonbike ?! m.j. no , mar 'am . this be no joke . and neither be tie up telephone line to police with crank call while people in trouble be try to get through for help . helen you be call I a crank ? m.j. do you have any evidence to report , mar 'am ? do you know any of the victim ... helen I think this be number three ... m.j. ( over she ) that 's a opinion , not evidence ... gigi hand she a slip of paper ... m.j. read it ... glare at pachulski who be still laugh . m.j. know the name on the slip of paper ... m.j. ( cover the phone ) helen Hudson . get ruben back here ? as she turn back to the phone ... CUT to : int . helen' live room - day helen , now wear slipper and short with the same t-shirt she sleep in , be stand behind the live room curtain look down at the street . she hear a code knock , then a key turn in the lock . she move to greet andy she assistant and friend . andy be laden down with grocery and mail . helen immediately reach a hand up to touch he face ... helen where be you ? do not tell I . it 's just under seventy , right ? the sun be strong but the air be dry and fresh ... andy would you please get you hand off my face , Tallulah ? what happen to the newspaper ? he withdraw a popsicle from the bag , offer it to she . when she reject it , he take it for himself . helen I get it myself ... I could not wait . andy well ! be not we the dare one ? what 's morbid and ghastly enough in the news to make Doctor helen set foot outside she door ? the antenna be go off she car again . I have no music , all the way to the market . let I find a garage for it ? they be in the kitchen area ; Andy unpack stuff ... expensive goody ... helen I have tell you : I can not afford to garage it . andy be you kid ? you buy enough gourmet junk every week ... most of which rot ... to garage a fleet of stretch limo . helen I have the dream again . ( beat ) and I get another call . this time he speak . he say " you and I , you and I . " andy a little heavy breathe be what most of we yearn for . forget it . helen he whisper , but it be he ! I know it be he ! Andy now stop to address this seriously ... andy he can not phone you unless the warden get a okay from you . do you give he a approval ? helen Andy ? when a three - year- old say there 's a monster under the bed , you do not say ' forget it ' . you look under the bad . ( beat ) I be three year old . call the prison . her fear be so palpable , she be so nakedly vulnerable it break he heart . he put he arm around she . helen oh God . I be really crazy . andy when be the last time you wash you hair ? helen ( shaky , but try ) monsieur Andy , disapprove of my coiffure ? andy monsieur Andy can smell you coiffure . and guess what else ? he pat she thigh ... she walk to the window as he talk ... andy cellulite . what do you say I blindfold you and take you to the gym . aerobics with housewive ... helen at window helen Andy ? Andy have hear this tone before : panic attack alert . andy here we go again . angle at window to include there Pov of STREET in a park car a man be read a newspaper that hide he face . behind he be park a slightly beat up red saab . helen you park right behind he . the one I notice earlier . I do not say anything , I think he would leave . just take a look . andy oh my God ! help ! he's reading a newspaper ! helen but earlier , he be stare up here . please , Andy . andy okay . you win . ' dirty Harry ' come up . andy leave the apartment . ext . front door of helen' build - day the heavy old industrial door be push slightly open , andy peer out , see : andy cross behind the car and then sneak back , come up to Driver 's side window , surprising the Driver . the newspaper drop : it's ruben . andy Excuse I , but would you mind explain why you be watch the lady upstairs ? ruben none of you fuck business . usurp ruben be aggressive attitude , andy lean he face close to ruben be window . andy listen , asshole , I have get a gun ... ruben grab andy by the collar and yank he head inside the car . with the other hand he pull he gun and push it up andy be nose . ruben I hate this ... andy only kid ! ruben push the 'up ' button on the window , capture andy be head in a deadlock . then he open the door , get out , slam door , force the squawk andy into a helpless frisk position . we hear helen scream , ( o.s. ) . ignoring this , ruben begin to frisk andy . m.j. approaching in her own car , sees the action , brake fast and get out . helen at window , shouting . helen I be call the police ! CUT to : int . helen' live room - day Andy enter , follow by ruben and m.j. , who hold up she badge to helen . m.j. investigator halloran and goetz . I apologize for goetz , he 's a firehouse dog . andy ( try to defuse ) I be okay . I really kind of enjoy it . uncomfortable silence for a beat as they try to take in what 's happen , who 's who and what 's what . helen be confuse , fight back fear ... m.j. ( try to communicate here ) Ring the go , he go . poor impulse control . helen be he out ? m.j. who ? helen ( to Andy ) if he 's not out , why be they here ? m.j. because of you phone call . helen what call ? I have not make any call . andy ( to distract ) be you stay long ? shall I shut the door ? make you coffee ? make the bed ? m.j. ( to helen ) you talk to I . do you remember ? the two woman measure each other , helen struggle to control herself . a beat . helen you be the one that talk about moonbike and call I a crank ? oh God , I be ! ( to Andy ) make they some coffee . ( to m.j. ) halloran , be it ? investigator goetz ? I have a crank call myself -- he say ... ( a moment of real fear ) I think it might be daryll Lee cullum . I think he might be out of prison . ruben daryll Lee cullum ? I do not think so . if he 's escape we would have the National Guard , cops'd be crawl through sewer . you would have a guard on you front door . m.j. ( look around ) I want to tell you it 's a great honor to meet you and talk to you . helen you do not admire I . no police admire I . I get one of you kill . why do not you say right out what you be here for ? m.j. you call we , Doctor Hudson . helen yes , I do . poor impulse control . the account of the fir two murder make it so clear they be the work of the same man , but you keep announce they be unrelated . you will never catch he that way . m.j. regards she for a moment ... m.j. ( to Andy ) sugar and cream for goetz ; I take mine black . ( beat ) you be absolutely correct . the politician do not want panic headline spoil the Festival of Love . helen well , let 's thank God you and Inspector goetz be on the case , then . m.j. would you want to work with we on this ? helen oh , my God , no ! I be a clinical hysteric , with panic syndrome , and anxiety neurosis , agoraphobic , I be afraid of everything , real and imaginary . I never leave this apartment now . nobody ever come here . I just want to get you attention . I write and I use to lecture on this crime , but ... I be not competent . m.j. I think you be . I really admire everything you have do ; it would be a honor to work with you , and we need all the help we can get , especially yours . helen Inspector halloran , that be so much bullshit , you do not like or admire I , but the beautiful part be I do not give a fuck . that 's the upside of have a breakdown . m.j. well , it 's a hell of a apartment you get here . I be live one step away from the project , myself , but I get to go to work every day , wading in blood and gut . I guess the book you write about this son of bitch pay off pretty good . helen will you go . Andy , make they go . m.j. you can not go out lecture ? tough shit . woman be die . where can I lay this stuff out ? she dump file of photo , etc. , out on helen 's cocktail table . helen I do not want this . what be they ? ruben you call we , Doctor , if you do not want to look at they here , how about downtown . I will drive you down ... she push the picture off onto the floor , try to get up to leave the room . m.j. and ruben be both appal at the force of what be happen : a all - out panic attack ... Andy race t of the kitchen ; ruben try to help but helen fight he off viciously , gasp for air ... Andy race back in with a plastic bag he pull over helen' head and face ... she hyperventilate into the bag ... the plastic bag balloon out and back in helen' face until she faint . Andy deal with it like a everyday event , treat she very gently ... andy ( to ruben ) now look what you do . ruben what do I do ? andy you threaten to drive she downtown . she have agoraphobia . ruben fear of what ... andy open space . she have not be out of this apartment in three year . I do not use to think it be real ... he 's make she comfortable . m.j. we will get the paramedics ... andy oh , God , uniform , more stress . let she sleep . it 's a self - limit : she hyperventilate till she pass out , then she breathe go back to normal , and she wake up sing like a lark . ( rock the unconscious helen ) we know , do not we , princess ? ( to they ) give she a couple of hour . I know about this . m.j. start to gather up the picture and file . she be angry and disgust . m.j. tell she we be sorry we bother she . andy hey , no . leave that here . if you really want she help . I mean if you really do , leave they . let she see they . I will see they be safe ... m.j. take in the scene ; the now soundly sleep helen ; Andy sit over she protectively , the file and photo strewn around . make a decision ... m.j. tell she to ask for I ... she 's hand Andy she card ... CUT to : ext . helen' apartment house - day m.j. and ruben come out in the street ... camera in a high angle looking down on they ... m.j. snotty neurotic bitch ... ruben ( amused ) classy madonna . m.j. sure . she like you , rube . she like the way you move . she sure as hell be not in love with I . ruben you come in there with this attitude ... m.j. ( over he ) order chinese for we and meet I the library ? anything but beef . she jump in she car , still steaming , leave ruben to move to he car . as he move camera follows , become a wider angle to include facade of helen' apartment . we can see andy , sitting where we left he , holding helen in he arm . she sleep peacefully . distantly we hear the phone ring . andy show impatience , then carefully disengage from helen so as not to disturb her sleep . he move across the room until he be out of frame . the shot hold on helen for a beat . phone ring . then the camera pan left ( our first clue this be another point of view ) across to a second window where it catch andy moving until we again disappear behind the build wall and the camera pan smoothly to the third window , where andy enter . we see he pick up the phone and speak into it . he seem impatient . then camera pan down to a cellular phone , f.g. and focus rack to e.c.u. as a finger push the " end " button . close : andy put down the phone . irritate ... andy shit ... CUT to : int . police library - day close : a attorney in court attorney ... it be you feel after careful evaluation that he be a sexual sadist who satisfied at least four out of ten criterion in the dms III ? show m.j. and ruben watch videotape , and eat chinese takeout . helen be be interrogate by the attorney for daryll Lee cullum . helen sure of herself to the point of arrogance , which be she undoing ... helen yes . without question . attorney without question ? he only score 40 percent , four out of ten criterion ? could not another expert say he flunk the sexual sadist test ? what curve be you mark on , Doctor ? helen the test criterion be only part of what we look at in evaluate subject . attorney only part . what else ? what do you think of he claim that he tie this girl to the tree and set fire to she because Joan of Arc tell he to do it . helen he be lie . attorney ' lying . he be lie . ' I ask you what you think , not what he do . helen I think he be lie . attorney you say , first , he be lie . how do you know that , Doctor ? helen because people who be suffer from aural hallucination hear voice in both ear . daryll Lee tell I that Joan of Arc always appear beside he on he leave side and speak softly in he leave ear . murmur of subdued laughter in court . helen ( emboldene ) he take pain to hide he action because he know they be morally wrong . he be not act on mad impulse . he be sane and act out a pattern he carefully follow every time . attorney ( play causal ) what pattern be that ? helen the same as the first time ... she catch herself . the d.a. have leapt to he foot , but now try to sit down as though nothing be happen , but helen , the Attorney and the d.a. all be clearly disturb by the line this question be take . attorney the first what ? ( as she hesitates ) you honor , she 's get this far , I think she should finish . I do not think this jury should be leave wonder where the rest of she statement would lead . judge I agree , Doctor . helen the first two murder . attorney what first two murder . we do not know about they here , do we ? helen ( give up ) he tell I he have do two other just like it . attorney when be that ? helen when he be seventeen . attorney and you believe he when he tell you he have do that . helen yes . I believe he . the d.a. be rush to the bench to argue with the judge . judge ( v.o . ) yes , I will accept a call for a mistrial . evidence of that other crime when the defendant be a juvenile be inadmissible and never should have be hear by this jury ... freeze frame . now we see m.j. and ruben looking at helen on the tv screen , thinking ... the door open and quinn enter . quinn there be no sperm . m.j. the same as the fir two . definitely a serial . quinn ( see helen on video ) what be you look at that for ? helen Hudson . work the clue . m.j. what clue ? I be go to work helen Hudson . quinn would you step outside , sergeant ? m.j. leave a cautiously silent ruben . once the door shut , he turn tape back to ' play . ' ext . outside door to library - day quinn I be tell you . do not you ever address I publicly in that tone . you will work what and who I tell you to work . m.j. anybody in this department ever work a serial killer case ? she 's the expert . I need help . quinn how about I put nikko on it ? m.j. that 's always you privilege , sir . quinn snort , start on he way , then turn back . quinn sergeant ? m.j. yessir . quinn you ever reflect how this big explosion in dead woman coincide with the flowering of woman 's lib ? m.j. yessir . I have reflect on that , sir . which explain my gush deference to you , sir . quinn be somehow cheer by this little exchange . quinn nikko 's look better by the minute , Inspector . he stomp off . CUT to : int . helen' live room - day helen on couch , andy be massage she neck . helen oh , God . I must have look horrible . andy no , dear . you be at you best with a bag in front of you face . helen I want to die . andy I would not . he will be back . if you want he . the cute brutal type with handcuffs . very sexy . helen grin , and andy start to tickle she , she laugh . andy you think he be cute too , do not you ? admit ... admit ... helen now laugh a little too hard . suddenly the laughter change to tear . andy what ? what would I do ? helen remind I that I use to be attractive . that man use to want I ... andy you slut ! no sexy young cop for you unless you shampoo you hair . she cling desperately to he . he rock she as he would a small child . andy when be you go to call they ? helen ( big beat ) about what ? andy produce the file m.j. left with he . helen look at it . Andy watch she ... helen I can not , Andy . andy then , why do not you just die . I be go . they will find you body year later , the old recluse lady , she eat cat food , ten year of the New York Times , unread , pile on top of the unread mail , the tv still on . make up you mind . live or die . ( beat ) I will get coffee . he exit . after a moment fight she fear , helen reach for the file . she open it and look at the first picture . the phone ring . she freeze ... panic hang in the air ... Andy answer the phone in the kitchen ... andy ( o.s. ) yes ? Inspector halloran , she 's go through the material now . ( beat ) she will call you ... no , she will be alright , I will sleep over on the couch in case . but now , I tell you , sing like a lark . hang up . after a moment helen bend to she work ... CUT to : int . police library - night m.j. scan microfilm newspaper & magazine clip . ' cool killer cullum ' con cop in escape from custody slew police bodyguard in attack on expert witness m.j. hear nikko enter , look up , give he a half - smile , return she attention to the microfilm . nikko work late . ( no response ) you be a damn fool . m.j. ( preoccupy ) oh , I know . " another attack ! " " hudson victim of bloody attack . bodyguard slain ! " nikko you be almost ten year older than he be . m.j. turn off the microfilm . the last headline be retain on screen : " escape killer claim new victim " nikko it 's none of my business anymore ... m.j. you get that right , nikko , it 's none of you business . nikko you be shitting ion you career . you outrank hi ... m.j. look at he at last with wry amusement : he 's jealous of ruben ? m.j. well , you outranke I , nikko . nikko yeah . and you use that . use I m.j. do not put yourself down like that . I never use you . I work my way up like a marine grunt ! nikko yeah , you do that too . you earn what you get ; do not shit on it , that 's all I be say . m.j. ( maddeningly ) God , you be cute when you be mad . the door open and ruben enter , instantly take in the scene : m.j. sit in front of a stall machine , nikko , loom over she . after a awkward beat , nikko head for the door . ignoring ruben , he bark at m.j. nikko think about it . ruben regards m.j. , who busy herself examine the other tape . ruben what 's wrong with he ? m.j. he 's just mad he let I keep the espresso machine . we hear from Doctor Hudson ? ruben nada . lemme make the call . m.j. honest to God , ruben ! ruben I like woman like that ! m.j. tell it to you shrink . CUT to : ext . san francisco residential area - late day in the unmistakable style of the camera eye we have see shoot helen' place , in the park , etc . : a young red -headed woman , wear short and a open-necked shirt , kneel on the grass , weed a lush flowerbed . the camera swishhpan to the back door of the house as a man come out balance a tray with drink . the woman give the man a dazzle smile , remove she gardening glove and take a glass . her husband bend down , give she a little kiss . she beam . freeze frame . CUT to : int . helen' live room - late day close up : early crime scene photo . we see for the first time the first two murder victims , so we see the pattern helen describe and analyze . helen ( v.o . ) the way he 's pose the body ... he 's flaunt he power to do whatever he want to she . this man ... he probably seem perfectly normal . this murder be organize and plan . we be now seeing the room : m.j. and ruben , helen at a table in her office laying out the picture . helen pick out one picture from the rest ... helen except for this one . you put that one in to test I . m.j. nod , pleased with helen > insert : the picture . the victim 's body be cover with bruise . but , unlike the other , she face have be cover . helen ( v.o . ) be it a ongoing case ? back to scene ... m.j. ( nod ) for month ... last October . helen it be a lover or a husband . someone close . somebody who know she and care about she . m.j. ( glance at ruben ) how do you know that ? helen he feel remorse . he cover she . helen arrange and rearrange photo like tarot card . helen the body have be carefully arrange ... different position , but somehow the same . the position be brutal ... yet quite ... artful . it 's like ... a signature . he 's proud of he accomplishment . there be early picassos and late picassos , but you always recognize the hand . he want we to recognize he hand . I have see this hand before ... what be you hide ? m.j. ( take aback ) nothing . helen where be the stocking he strangle they with ? m.j. how do you know they be stocking ? helen ( sarcastic ) I send Andy out on murder mission . for God 's sake -- it 's the Boston strangler , alber desalvo . he use they own stocking to strangle they . tied in a bow-knot . she get down a file from she bookcase and flop it open to picture of desalvo 's victim : they be identical ... helen somebody be imitate he m.o. look for a plumber or carpenter or handyman ; that 's how de salvo get in the door and catch they off guard . ruben the Boston strangler , when be that ...? helen in the sixty . he 's dead -- stab to death in prison . m.j. why imitate a dead serial killer ? helen if you know why , you might know where to look for he . I do not envy you this ; he 's not do -- he 's go to do they faster and faster to keep the adrenaline rush . now , I have do what you ask I . m.j. work with I . andy ( o.s. ) it 's good for you . they be startle by he appearance ! a little unsettle . andy it 's good medicine . ruben a little homeopathic cure for the willy . helen ( exhaust ) none of you know anything about it . now go . and Andy , if you persist in play doctor , leave , with they . andy I be the only friend you have get , darling , and I do not intend to stop do what I think be good for we . helen get out ! all of you ! Andy help m.j. and ruben scoop up the file ... ruben you say you do not give a fuck and that 's the beauty of a breakdown ? this do not look like not give a fuck , you know that ? m.j. let 's get out of here ... int . hall - continuous as they leave , Andy be still at the door ... helen ( v.o. ) ( small voice ) Andy ! please . do not you go ! int . quinn' office - night quinn aw , Jesus . the mouth get a load of this and we get major headline around the world . de salvo redux . the matter , you think they do not teach Latin in Catholic school ? m.j. do not swear at I because we get problem . I be just give you the news . I go to a Catholic school ; I will tell you what they teach . on the knuckle they teach . quinn who have I get to beat up except the messenger ? do this give we anything to go on ? m.j. I be check out anybody who life like desalvo . record of arrest for rape , especially by a man wear green . check out psychiatric hospital for he personality profile . Cross check - ing name from arrest for sexual offense , public fondle . if they have get a german wife . we can keep cop work on this kind of junk for year , and this guy 's go to hit again , soon . quinn ( morose ) I know . get out here . m.j. so . do we tell the media and hope for somebody to come forward with information ? quinn or for some new nutcase to copycat the copycat . ruben what I love , the big fight , some girl , she drop the quarter on she boyfriend so the bastard spend the night in custody , just to teach he a lesson . we will get a shitload of that . quinn another country hear from . ( decide ) no . we be keep it quiet , do not give the bastard the attention he 's maybe begging for . CUT to : int . helen' apartment - night helen sit at side - by-side computer . the chess game be again in progress . helen make a move . please with herself , she smile , type , " I be cream you . " suddenly over helen be shoulder , the other screen become active , we see ' message for helen Hudson . ' engross in she own chess game , she do not notice the screen until , tense from sit too long , with wait for chessmaster be move , helen begin to stretch she neck and toll she head . now , out of the corner of she eye , she see the other screen . quickly , she click on this , and the screen print out 'a game for dr . hudson please run this " tomorrow . avi " file on you player .' helen type ' win ' and window screen come up . with the mouse she click on the avi player icon , type in " tomorrow . avi " and hit enter . a picture appear : it be the face of the woman in the bathtub . it change after a tenth of a second morphing through a collage of image of two women . a hand emerge from a breast of the other . two head . one , properly on its own neck , the other emerge from between two leg . hand , foot , breast , hair of two body mix mischievously into one final image of a second woman alive and smiling ecstatically at the camera . both woman wear they hair in long braid . intercut with helen : appalled . CUT to : andy lie with tv on , naked , giving himself a pedicure . he have earphone to muffle the tv SOUND . from the dark space of the loft there echoes a scream of sheer terror from helen ! after a beat from he realize , tear off the earphone and bolt into the darkness ... CUT to : ext . helen' apartment house - night police car draw up in front , double parking . m.j. and ruben jump out and walk , fast , toward the building ... ( shot from same high angle -- the secret watcher 's Pov -- from which we see m.j. and ruben leave after they first visit . ) int . helen' hallway as her door be opened , by Andy . ruben and m.j. enter ... andy she 's in the office ... int . helen' office the computer glow , the unfinish chess game still up , and the red-headed woman be joyful face on the other . helen sit in a chair with her back to the screen , rocking back and forth , suppress she fear by sheer will . m.j. and ruben enter with Andy ... they look at the face on the computer screen ... ( this be the only light in the room ) . helen that 's the face of the next one he will kill . she have not look at they or the computer ... she rock ... m.j. how do you know that ? helen ( can not look at it ) look at the bottom of the screen . you see the icon with the arrow point leave ? click on that ... twice . ruben ( from a misspent youth in video arcade ) expertly maneuver the mouse and click on the icon as instruct . now the animated collage plays backward ! in tenth of a second step we see the image of the red -headed woman merge backward through the distorted image and become the dead woman in the bathtub . m.j. and ruben reacting , lighted by the glow from the screen . m.j. how do you do that ? helen that computer 's wire into internet . ruben he 's hack into she Internet address . he 's a hacker . helen ( rock , rock ) he can get into my computer any time he like ! this be exactly the kind of thing I do not want to have happen . m.j. can you make a copy we can show on we computer ? helen it 's too big a file to copy to a disk . ruben you get a tape backup , yeah , here lemme copy it on tape ... m.j. why would he send this to helen Hudson ... helen it 's a game they like to play . berkowitz -- " Son of Sam " -- hang around the crime scene , talk to the cop . this one 's probably watch you , laugh at you . ruben let I get a little action start here . m.j. nod to he to get along ... he call on he cellular phone while simultaneously work the computer ... m.j. I be go to put a guard on you door . helen one officer already get kill try to protect I . please , just take it all away . leave I alone . m.j. he will not . ruben look at this ... the computer screen have a legend on it : now you see I ... as they watch , it be replace by : now you don 't ... and then it fade to black ... helen go to the machine and maneuver with mouse and keyboard . helen it 's go . the file 's not here . ( to ruben ) what do you do ? ruben I just start it copying to tape , but the tape never run . it just do that ... helen ( respect ) he 's brilliant . this one be brilliant . m.j. we will show that to ... helen show what ? it 's go . he write a self destruct virus into the code , so it would only play until we try to copy it . then it erase itself . go ... ( beat ) do you remember what you see ? CUT to : int . police hq corridor - day m.j. , ruben , quinn , maybe other of he staff stride purposefully down the corridor , camera moving with they ... for a moment we will not know who quinn be talk about ... quinn he 's on the phone call I like a insurance salesman solicit my business , for Christ 's sake . I do not tell he the three most over - rate thing in life be young pussy , regular exercise and the f.b.i. m.j. oh , maaaaan ?! quinn what ? I talk like a cop , this be the way I talk . I can not believe this guy . sak . he 's a deputy Assistant director of the f.b.i . " let I help you ! " m.j. we could use a little help . quinn with the f.b.i. there 's no such thing as a little help . they bury you with help . explain to I about this virus , no do not tell I about the virus . thing be , you see it , the picture . they pass through a door into a room where the homicide team sit wait ... m.j. go right into a briefing ... m.j. we see it . the unknown target be kneel , she 's gardening . Red hair , high cheekbone , mid - thirty , height I do not know , she 's not overweight , she 's zofting ... she 's in front of a house that look like ... CUT to : ext . marina house - late day as she be speak , she description become v.o. as we see police car and a ambulance draw up in front of the house she be describe ... m.j. ( v.o. ) ... the marina area , there be earthquake damage repair on the house it look like , a little garden . the light be late afternoon . say about cocktail hour . he be bring out drink , margaritas by the look . so we get a house face west , on the east side of the street . full sun , so there 's no high tree or building , residential both side . susan schiffer and she crew arrive , leaping out of they van with they equipment , a makeup woman adjusting susan be makeup and hair right there in the STREET ... CUT to : int . marina house - day m.j. and ruben , quinn , etc. , try to calm and / or question the husband , who be in shock . he be the man we see bring drink . husband stupid goddam s-stupid p-poker game ! always have to s-stay until phil make a c... comeback . be I stutter ? the husband 's voice follow quinn and other as another cop lead they toward the back of house . door to bedroom . quinn and ruben have stop just inside door . m.j. force to peer around they . m.j.' Pov : on the bed , the red-headed woman be body be propped up against the headboard , she knee up , she head fall onto a shoulder : she pajama top have be rip open and push up . knotted around she neck be a pink scarf tie in a huge bow under she chin . on she foot , secure between she toe , be a commercial flyer advertising the Festival of Love . it be brightly print with red heart . it have be hand - lettere : hell in the festival of love CUT to : ext . festival of love in golden state park - night camcorder capture the audience of a rock concert in full blast , in golden gate park . the audience , mostly young , some in 70 's costume , sit and loll around on blanket . most seem to have some variety of refreshment ... liquid or roll . the camera record the unsteady progress of a lovely young girl , weaving she way through the blanket and the body . she suddenly become aware of the camera be aim at she . she stop , strike a comically seductive pose and give a big , gorgeous smile . freeze frame . CUT to : int . helen' apartment - night andy answer the door . m.j. and ruben ... andy she just get to sleep . do you have to tell she about it now ? m.j. tell she about what ? andy ( mock admiration ) gaahh ! what a cop ! you bust I ! ( real ) the new one , in the marina . ( to they reaction ) she have a police radio scanner . it 's always on . she turn it off , and then she have to turn it on again . she 's obsessed . she can not not listen to it , but she can not listen to it , so she make I listen to it . helen appear in whatever she sleep in . helen I be not go to look at any more picture . they be like a disease . they get into my head . I can not get they out . m.j. I do not look at picture . I look at the real thing . I do not feel infect . helen maybe that 's why you can not catch he . I know what she look like -- the red-headed woman in my computer . m.j. I just come from she ... here 's what you have not see . m.j. take out a picture of the dead red-headed woman . her manner be that of cop with a witness . m.j. ( cont would ) a forgery of the Mary Sullivan murder scene , he 's do it perfect . except for the sign . helen ( look at photo ) she probably let he in the door without a think . where be they mother ?! where be the mother that be suppose to teach they to be wary and to tough and not afraid to fight ? m.j. look at the sign . ' Hell ' ? in the Festival of Love ? you make any sense in that ? helen stare at the picture . m.j. ( cont would ) for ' Hell ' , read ' helen ' . he 's talk to you . helen it 's anybody connect to author - ity . they write , they even knock on you door . they be fan . it thrill they to flirt with get catch . m.j. nobody know you have anything to do with this case ; nothing have be on tv or the news ... why would he want to get in you computer ? helen because I be he damned pin- up girl ! his , all of they ! they know I . they be in prison with library , they collect clipping , I be they worthy opponent . you keep my name out of this . ruben absolutely . m.j. my promise . Andy , who have duck out , now reappear , dress for a date . andy the moon be up , my night to howl . will you be okay ? helen oh , God , I forget . yes . yes . you go . poor thing , you ought to get out . andy ( to m.j. ) look out for she . she 's tougher than you think . he go ... helen I know ' halloran . ' what 's the rest of it ? ruben maryjane . we call she m.j. helen maryjane . you think that logic and police procedure , order and science and method will hold back the horror of a world go mad and the sickness of the night . I do once . but you know how he will get catch ? he will have a accident , or some cop will get lucky . you can not catch he by be intelligent and work hard . or the worst : there be dozen of woman slaughter in the most horrible way , month after month . the news storey grow more grotesque and bizarre and in the city people lock they door and window , and hurry home before dark . and then , one day , there be no more . what happen ? do he just stop ? get tired and disgust and decide not to kill any more ? do he kill himself ? do he die in a auto accident ? or a fight . or get sick and die ? it 's like the murderer walk off the edge of the earth . and you never know . but you keep ask yourself -- when you read about a new murder -- be he back ? m.j. stand . she have note ruben 's reaction to helen 's story . there be a edge of sarcasm in she voice ... m.j. that 's amazing . a whole new book , think up in a minute . very good . ( beat ) all I know how t do be get up , take a shower , and go to work . hope , if he do another I will nail the son of bitch , and they will spell my name right in the newspaper . where be Andy go ? helen he 's go home . he sleep over because I be a little anxious ... m.j. I want a guard on you . I be worried about leave you alone . ruben ( to m.j. ) we be through for the night , be not we ? you go on . get some sleep . I will stay until we can get a man out here and maybe catch a cab home . helen that would be much appreciate . thanks . m.j. ( to helen ) somewhere down the line we be do to find a connection between he and you . I want you to worry that idea like a loose tooth . Three voice chime self - conscious ' good-night . ' CUT to : ext . helen' build - night the silent watcher' Pov through the eye of the camcorder , we catch m.j. exit helen be building . she stop momentarily on the sidewalk to look up at helen 's window ... the drape swing open . ruben can be see do something at the window ... the camcorder zoom to a close - up of m.j. she get into she car and speed off . int . helen' bedroom - continuous ruben be check the window ... ruben you ought to get some decent lock on this . a six - year- old could get in here . much less a motivate man . at the phrase ' motivate man ' , helen look at he boldly in the eye . helen you and maryjane be not lover . ruben not yet . helen laugh . so do ruben . her boldness , she laughter , attract he . his honesty attract helen . he feel the heat . helen be you always so bold ? ruben no. I be shy and I be selective . his grin say he would select she anytime ... ruben the problem for I be ... you be in the witness category . ( beat -- Jack nicholson ) know what I mean ? helen well . another time , then . ( beat ) I will be all right . he 's not go to attack I ; what I ' m rally afraid of be all in my own head , ruben . they smile ruefully at one another , and without further conversation , leave the bedroom . CUT to : int . helen' front door - night ruben be outside the door . helen just inside . ruben they will have a guard here tomorrow . I know you have the idea , but it will make I feel a lot better . she smile , and ruben turn , walk away . she stay in the doorway watch he retreat . about ten foot away , he suddenly stop . ruben hey ! he turn around , she be still in the doorway . he reach for he wallet , withdraw a card , hold it up to she . ruben the number for my cellular . ruben do not hesitate . anytime . night or day . I mean that . he hod card out to she . helen , hold onto the door frame , do not move . ruben continue to extend he hand with the card in it . it be a charge moment . she be freeze in the doorway ; ruben refuse to make a move towards she . helen summon all she nerve and let go of the door frame , determine not to have any further mortification this night , she take one shaky step out into the hallway to meet he . then a second step and a third . her hand touch the card , take it . she turn she head to gauge the distance she must retreat . what she see be that the door 's sureclose device have quietly and efficiently close . the door be lock . frantic , she turn back toward ruben . her Pov : ruben , now seem a vast distance away from she . he be just turn down the stair and be go ... the hallway first narrow , squeezing she in , then expands . she be lose in the mile and mile of space between the two wall . helen oh , God ! help I ! ruben reappear , race toward she ... ruben tell I what to do ! helen I be fall ! I be go to fall ! she start to pass out , to sink to she knee , but ruben catch she , put she up against the wall , handle she like a suspect . he put one hand on the back of she neck , spread she leg , get she in frisk position . somehow , this be comforting to she , but she be still in full - blow panic ... helen ... fall ... falling ! he press he body up against hers , he weight anchore she against the feel of free-fall . ruben I be right here . I will not let you fall . he still have a hand on the back of she neck . suddenly , the proximity effect he , make he want to kiss she neck . she begin to hyperventilate . helen do not let go ... I can not breathe ... I will die ! ruben shhh . it 's okay . just breathe . I will fix it ... ruben take out he gun ... ruben put you hand over you ear . ruben shoot off the lock . then he pick helen up and carry she back into she apartment . int . helen' live room - continuous ruben enter and put helen down on the couch , pull a throw up over she . he see she xanax bottle on a table , hand it to she . she take out three as he pour she some seltzer water , then watch she take the pill . after which he take the bottle and pocket it . helen the lock ... ruben I will get a locksmith . helen will you stay ? please ? I be afraid to sleep ... I do not want ...him ... in my head ... ruben pull a big chair up beside the sofa . as she eye close , ruben comfort she . tv feature the antic of a nervous little prairie dog family . he look back at helen . close up helen : we hear a faint but impatient voice call : v.o. Peter ... Peter ... cross fade to : int . bedroom ( daly CITY ) - night dim light . the room be unattractive , over - furnish but not comfortably . a woman be sit propped up in a double bed . she be in she mid-thirty , but drain and pale , she look older . a chronic invalid . by she side be a nasty little dog , with ribbon bow in its fur . near the bed be a tv and video , on which a movie 's final credit be run . the woman be impatiently pushing a intercom button peter enter . younger than the woman , rather good - look . boyish and nondescript except for a patch of white skin near he hairline . a old scar . he go straight to tv and put the tape on 'eject . ' woman put in the Kevin costner . peter why do not we save it for later ? it 's almost time for letterman . woman you know I do not like to watch talk show by myself . where be you ? he insert the video she want and push ' play . ' then he approach the bed , lean over he wife and gently push a lock of hair back from the forehead . she ignore he , stare at the screen . the nasty little dog bare its teeth and snap at he . woman see , now you have annoyed she . you know she do not like you to touch I . ( to dog ) do she , widdle wee fing ! wuhve you so much ! ( to Peter ) do you feed she ? peter yes , I feed she . if she say she 's hungry , she 's lie to you . again . woman she do not lie ! you sure you feed she ? peter she lie all the time . why would I say I feed she if I do not ? woman that 's what I do not know . why would you lie ? that 's the problem ... I can not understand why anyone would lie . he leave . as he go we can hear the woman still talk to she dog over the tv soundtrack . woman ( cont would ) you would not lie to mummy , would you ? just to get dad in trouble ? such a naughty widdle dog ... her voice fade away as we follow he down the stair into a small , ill - light and dreary live room , into a messy kitchen , then through a door lead to the basement . he lock the basement door behind he . the basement be brightly light , full of high tech , gadget and computer . as he approach the bottom stair , we see a small tv / video set attach to a wall . on its screen , freeze - frame and silent , be a video of a pretty girl at a outdoor rock concert , smile seductively . peter put on a white lab coat and then reach over something to turn the video back on . the camera pan down to what he have lean across . it be the young girl from the concert . she be strapped onto a table , she mouth tape shut . a plastic bag cover she head , but not tightly . she be semiconscious . she be be asphyxiate by slow degree . peter look at she , gently push the bag up far enough to repeat the tender gesture with she damp hair that he make toward he wife . he whisper : peter do not I promise I would come right back ? CUT to : ext . hillside - dawn all night festival revellers dance across the skyline , of glorious misty green hill , hand in hand . the camera move down , across verdant meadow , until we arrive at the bottom of the nearest hill which slope finally to a highway . a few festival up - all - night reveler , look down at a new crime scene , where three blue- and - white be park , plus a number of unmark car . ruben arrive in a taxi . as he move past the ever- present susan we thread through the scene to find m.j. m.j. take one look at ruben be stubble , he yesterday 's sleep - in clothes , and she turn away . before ruben can catch up with she , nikko approach . ruben up all night with a sick friend . nikko be face be tight with anger . nikko you dumb son of a bitch ! you do not even know how to treat a woman . ruben who ? m.j. ? hey , nikko , explain to I why she give you the boot ... he move to m.j. who stand beside the dead body of the woman we last saw strapped to a table . the plastic bag be now tie tight around she neck . she have be pose beneath a sign that say " no dumping " . the usual technician , photographer , Doc , the coroner , etc . ruben be niccoletti assign here ? m.j. ( angry about it ) quinn decide we should form a task force -- they be all one case , now . he want all the senior detective on it ... ( to Doc ) she be not kill here . doc not likely . m.j. be kneel , inspect everything here ; ruben kneel beside she ... to ruben ... m.j. tell I what you see . he inspect the dead girl 's fingernails . ruben she do not fight back , no hair or skin under she fingernails . I be not see any bruise or contusion ... m.j. what about she arm ? ruben needle mark , fresh , here . look at this ... nikko appear , loom over she ... nikko probably so stone she never know what get she . like goetz 's sick friend . right goetz ? they ignore he . m.j. stand ... ruben she 's blue as hell . no mark on she neck . asphyxiate ? not the same -- no ligature mark . outdoor ... m.j. look at she leg . ruben spread out like she be sexually assault here . doc after she be dead . ruben she be drag up here from the road , you can see the track . she be already dead or unconscious . let 's get plaster cast on any -- all footprint . m.j. if this be just the dump site , where do he do the job ? where do he pick she up ? nikko doped up kid all over town . Park be full of they last night . very easy pickin' . goetz 's type . ruben hit he , nikko reflexively throw a punch that graze ruben . everybody stop in astonishment . m.j. step between they . ready to get physical herself ; they settle ... m.j. what the hell be you do ? the mouth and the haircut be right down there , thank God they do not see that . down below , Susan and the haircut be interview Festival - of - Lovers . m.j. niccoletti , they be on the wrong side of the tape , you want to push they back ? now . nikko trot off to Susan and the haircut . m.j. gesture for ruben , now on he foot and dabbing at a split lip , to follow she back to the car . as they move more slowly down the hillside to they car ... m.j. ruben , my God , I ought to put you on report . ruben you be right . I can not stand that bastard . sorry . ( get back to work ) this be something new . not the same guy , that 's for sure . m.j. yeah , everything 's different . but she seem unhappy ... to tech stand by : m.j. get the picture , and cast of footprint . ruben look at he , grandstand ... nikko be talk to Susan schiff ... m.j. that 's all we need ... she stride toward they ... m.j. detective niccoletti ? susan what 's this about the Boston strangler , m.j.? m.j. look at nikko . he should know better . she 's also think : be this a good thing to have the media announce at this point -- or not ? m.j. hey , Susan -- I be sorry , you be on the wrong side of the tape . we be still try to find any footprint or tire mark and we do not want to chew up the ground , okay ? I will talk to you later . ( to nikko ) you , too . she 's get Susan outside the tape ... susan Inspector , will you confirm somebody be copying the Boston strangler ? this be the fourth , be that correct ? m.j. we be go to review all the evidence carefully before make any statement ... she be get into she car ; ruben jump in on the other side . Susan race for she silver audi ... m.j. ruben , put the light on ... from outside the car as they drive away we see ruben 's arm clap the magnetic flasher on the top of they unmark car . m.j. switch it on ... a chase ensues . susan have a faster car , but m.j. be a better driver . stomach drop hill , trolley car , the corkscrew turn of lombard Street , all the familiar San Francisco chase scene . m.j. now listen up , ruben . you never , never , never mess with somebody inside the case ! ruben Excuse I ? Excuse I ?! what do you ... m.j. you damn well better start work on that impulse control . a woman who be implicate in this case ? someone who 's practically a piece of evidence ? ruben it 's against you rule that I try to help a witness who 's scared shitless ? who 's ... m.j. the woman 's unstable . you could wind up with a harassment charge . anything . you be like some horny little teenager . m.j. take another two - wheel corner . in the rear view mirror , m.j. watch susan lose control of she car as she try to make a tight turn , m.j. smile in contempt . m.j. anybody who 's ever watch tv know about that corner . have lose susan , m.j. slow down to a normal speed . m.j. everybody could see you -- unshave , same clothes from yesterday , reek of sex . ruben be eye-brow lift . she peel into the hq parking lot and jump out . m.j. ( go away ) Park the car . call the lab . get Doc to lean on the coroner for a really fast prelim on the sperm . ruben get out of the car to cross to the driver 's side ... m.j. ( o.s. ) when you get it , call I . ruben look after she , a smile of delight on he face . ruben she love I . CUT to : int . quinn' office - day quinn , niccoletti . quinn I know ; the kid hit you first . he already tell I . nikko he 's not treat she right ... quinn she leave you , nikko . she 's not you responsibility . she take very good care of herself . if she want to romance the kid , it be not you business . you business be to snap out of it . nikko we be together six year , sir ! quinn do not give I six year ! you never divorced Patty , do you ? so what would you expect from m.j.? nikko she know I be Catholic ! she never mention divorce ! not once ! quinn then you shoulda know she be not buy . she be just long - term lease ' you . ( beat ) ah , nickie . except for that rare twenty - second twitch , there be not nothin ' about sex I do not hate . but of course , I be irish . ( beat ) plus I get real problem . I be worried I might have to put you in over m.j. there 's something go on here , the commissioner be target she now , I can not leave a woman in that position . but the thing be , how can I move you in , if you go on act like a teenage asshole ? nikko I do not want the job . do not do that to she . she 's work too damned hard for it . quinn what 's go down with the sting in Chinatown ? that gonna be off you plate in a week or what ? CUT to : int . task force room - day a room in the basement of the police hq be be set up to house a new task force , with caterer' table for temp desk . bulletin board with notice and picture ; telephone tech be still install phone , cop be learn unfamiliar computer menus , etc . m.j. be examining huge blowup of onlooker at crime scene pinned up on a wall , with a magnifying lens . quinn ( v.o. ) sergeant ... she walk away beckon , beckon , come on , walk after I ! he walk out of a door and they stand on the step ... ext . step police hq - day a couple of cop , maybe male and female , be smoking there . quinn give they a look that send they scuttling inside , flipping they butt into the shrubbery . quinn sigh and dig out a cigarette . the look between they tell the story of he try to give it up and not be able to , etc . quinn so what have we get ? m.j. it 's not the same guy . it should be a self - solver . no bow around the neck , leave and body outdoors , completely different . the other be housewive , secretary , he talk he way inside , kill they in they own live room or bed - or bathroom . this one do not have a husband or a boyfriend , no family , temp waitress , 3 arrest for misdemeanor dope offense , DUI , asphyxiation probably from a plastic bag over she head . sexually assault . the other be not molest that way . we be wait for the sperm test ... quinn Christ . how old be you ? you sure you want to be in this line of work ? m.j. you be damn right I do . quinn okay , now what about you sidekick punch my favorite detective ? what the hell be go on ? you get no discipline in you operation . m.j. I be sorry it have to come to you attention . I be deal with it . she start to go ... quinn where you go ? m.j. helen Hudson ... quinn what the hell you need she for ? m.j. because I think I be wrong . CUT to : int . helen' apartment - day close : xanax bottle . shaking hand dump out pill . four . six . two , put back . one more , put back . helen : ravaged . watching herself in mirror as she gulp the remaining pill . door bell ring o.s. helen I be not see anybody . we hear muffle voice -- andy and m.j. helen , as she realize Andy be let m.j. in , go to the bathroom door and try to slam and lock it : Andy beat she to it , block with he foot in the door . helen you be fire . andy I know . do come and meet you guest . m.j. appear . take in helen 's condition -- due to a wild night with ruben ? helen move from the bathroom down the hall to she office , as ... m.j. we have get another one . helen that 's no surprise . m.j. but it 's a different m.o. helen then what do you need I for ? m.j. she be kill somewhere else and dumped outdoors in a empty lot . where it say " no dump . " her leg pull apart in a kind of sexual pose . it 's all different but it seem so -- the same . artificial and pose ... something 's wrong with it . helen you be say it 's the same man , but he 's change he style ? that do not happen . this man be robotic ; the murder be like a ritual . the method itself be part of the pleasure ... they have turn into the office . something be wrong ... m.j. who turn off the Internet computer ... helen I turn it off . it 's like a open window he can climb right in ... m.j. he come in the window , we maybe grab he . where 's the on-switch ? helen have you get a warrant ? get the hell out of here ! this be the only space I have leave in the world ! why can not you leave I out of it ? m.j. helen -- the killer directly contact you . his interest in you be intense . I be worried about you . I do not want to lose you . I know this stir up every monster under the bed , but this be the only direct contact we have with he . the only chance we have to trap he . ( beat ) so , you can turn Internet back on , or I do , and we put somebody here on a 24 hour shift and you can kick , scream and hyperventilate . helen that little winona Ryder manner ... you be more convincing as clint eastwood . m.j. clint be put a guard on you . but if you swear to leave the computer on , winona will assign he to the hall outside . helen have to laugh . the laugh turn to a hack cough . andy she 's smoking again . Andy leave . helen sit , and with the care of someone handle a rattlesnake , turn the computer on . meanwhile ... the phone ring . helen hello ?... oh ... ( a beat ) ...yes , she 's right here . helen hang the phone to m.j . the air be a little more charge ... helen go back to the computer . helen ruben . m.j. hello , ruben ... ( listen , nod ) so that 's that ... helen please thank Inspector goetz for take care of I last night . m.j. deliver the message straight - face . m.j. ruben , Dr. Hudson want I to thank you for take care of she last night . ( hang up ) Lab report on the new one . at least two guy penetrate she . there be two kind of sperm . the poor thing . what it must have be like . helen have come alert ... helen she be near a sign that say " no dump ? " two kind of sperm -- the lab say one be a secretor and the other be not ? m.j. mumble a surprised yes . helen be at computer . helen there be needle mark . but no drug in she blood . m.j. so far nothing they test for come up positive . helen have a window type screen : she click icon ... helen be that it ? m.j. ( stunne ) that 's exactly ... I could have take that same picture , this morning . a rather grainy picture of a dead girl spread out in a suggestive pose in a empty field . a sign right by her say " no dumping . " helen he 's switch from desalvo to the hillside strangler . the strangler be two man , that 's why there be two kind of sperm . his idea of a joke , very witty we boy . m.j. that 's not consistent ... you say they never change they style , they be robot ... helen consistency be the hobgoblin of little mind . tell they to test for the chemical find in windex . that 's a product for clean with ... m.j. I know windex , for God 's sake , I clean my own window ... helen it 's what bianchi and buono injected into one of they victim . m.j. ( sense something appall ) injected windex ! why would he switch to a new m.o.? helen ah , if you know that , you would be half way to nail he . serial kill be irrational and rigid and compulsive . this guy have a plan all think out , flexible and complex . he 's play a game with we . who will he imitate next ? maybe he 's do all the serial killer in history , the great innovator , the murderer ' hall of fame . just to prove he 's better than all of they . they get catch ; he do not . m.j. he will get catch . if he have a plan that will be what trip he up ... helen who 's go to catch he ? you ? ( beat ) and if you do , there will be another one . and one after that . m.j. ( gently , surprised ) you be afraid of he . helen this one , yes . I be always curious about this twisted little soul , but this be the first one I have feel personally terrify of . he 's something new and unheard of . I do not know what he want . m.j. ( beat ) I be give you clint outside . CUT to : int . peter' bedroom - night the room be empty , the messy unmade bed have cover throw back . nasty Little Dog be sprawle asleep on it . the tv be on : susan schiffer be broadcast ... over susan be shoulder , big and bold , the legend : ' kopycat killer ?' susan ...to mimic the m.o. of the Boston strangler . the police here be rumor to be consulting Dr. helen Hudson . o.s. a toilet flush , and Peter 's wife emerge wear a nightgown . she shuffles back to the bed , and as she sit pick up the remote ... susan ( on tv ) it be backstage at the mcclusky auditorium on the Berkeley campus that Dr. Hudson 's police bodyguard be kill . daryll Lee cullum , that ... she zap the remote and a program hype the summer of Love come on ... int . peter' bedroom - night we see on he computer screen a picture of helen scan from some newspaper or magazine . peter be building a morph : beside helen on screen be another image -- of the red-headed woman . he be place mark on one picture , on the exact corner of helen 's leave eye . as he do so , a red dot appear near the corner of the leave eye of the red-headed woman . both picture be dapple with similar dot . it look very odd , as though someone have stick post-it all over the image . around he , as he work be other picture : asphyxiated girl take while she be strapped to the table . of the sign " no dumping . " m.j. leave helen 's ! he also have a tiny tv on , and turn to see as : susan ( on tv ) ... convict serial killer have escape police custody during a court hearing , in a scandal that rock the police and force the resignation of four State correction officer ... int . death row cell - night daryll lee lie smoking and watch a tiny tv of he own . susan ( on tv ) ... cullum attack Doctor Hudson in apparent revenge for she testimony against he . Doctor Hudson do not return we phone call , today . we source tell we that if police homicide detective fail to move faster in they investigation the FBI will be call ... int . task force room - night m.j. stride , tight - lipped through the room to she workstation where she take the phone from ruben ... m.j. halloran . intercut : helen you betrayed I ! now every psychopath in the city know I be back in business ... you lie to I ! m.j. I do not ; the mouth -- that 's what we call Susan schiffer -- get it on she own . helen why should I trust you ? m.j. because I be all you have get . ruben have be give news : big problem . men and women be getting up , putting on holsters , etc . , moving out ... helen how could you ... m.j. ( out of patience ) I like the real smart helen Hudson a lot , I be goddamn sick and tired of the hysterical little girl , helen . you ask you way in -- I do not forget that . you have get a nickname around here -- " deep Throat " from all the phone call , I wonder if you know that . go take a xanax , I have get to get to work . CUT to : int . helen' bedroom - night helen , she police scanner sounding distant tinny cry in the night : helen hold the phone , digest that ... scanner ( various voice ) 987 ... Carol meany , call you home ? we have ... do not step on I , damn it ! go to channel 8 ... code Red -- homicide at 16th Avenue and horgan , woman dead in car . can we have homicide ? all unit go to channel 5 . leave channel 3 clear for homicide ... etc . ext . helen' STREET - night a man park a car . he get out . he be dress entirely in black . glancing around to be sure he be not observe , the man move to car , bang they hard with he hand until he sets off a car alarm . he trot silently to helen be side of the street and merge into the dark side of she building . the alarm goe infuriatingly on . a light come on in a upstairs window ... int . helen' hallway - night burt , the cop on guard , marginally irritate by the car alarm , look up briefly , then return to he magazine . CUT to : ext . richmond district - night car where a woman have be shot dead . klieg light paint her feature a bleak white on black . m.j. and ruben work the scene along with the crime tech crew . one of the tech guy hold up a bullet . tech guy pull this out of the door , it 's bigger than a .38 ; it 's a .44 or 9 millimeter . close : m.j. be crawl along the floor , look at everything she can find -- gum wrapper , hobby pin , loose change , etc . she lift she head and find the car radio and tape player right in she face . m.j. be this on ? when you find the car be the tape player on or off . cop ( v.o. ) it be on , auto-reverse , over and over . m.j. have rubber glove on . she switch on ignition and the tape player start : abba . a phone ring ... on ruben stand beside the car ; he answer he phone ... ruben yeah ?... I can not talk now ... what ?... no . there 's no sexual assault , it 's a drive - by , a woman in a car , it 's not he . ( mouth to m.j. ) helen . m.j. still piss at the earlier phone call , turn away , dismissively ... helen ( v.o. ) it 's a woman shot in a car ? ruben yes . I have to go ... helen she on the passenger side ? m.j. ( shouting to be hear ) helen , hang up , let ruben get on with he work ... helen what 's that music . it 's Abba . I can hear it . it 's Abba . ruben what 's Abba ? m.j. bunch of swedish woman . you be too young . dread cloud helen be face . she be call up database , screen scrolling across she computer monitor . helen do not hang up ! ruben what ?... helen listen to I . be there a gas station nearby ? ruben look around , see a gas station across the street and further down the block ... ruben yes . helen be there a phone booth there ? ruben they all have one ... helen go and look for a note . ruben hand the phone over to m.j. ruben she want I to check the phone booth for a note . m.j. helen ... excuse I , we ... on helen' screen be the face of berkowitz ... she call up additional frame showing scene of he crime . helen she be listen to Abba in she park car when she be shot with a bulldog .44 . m.j. react : the scene of what helen be say hit she hard . this be repeat the pattern of yet another killer ... m.j. tony ! the techie who pull the bullet out of the door turn ... m.j. let I see the slug outta the door ! he pull a baggie out he pocket and hand it to she ... ruben running across to the gas station . he 's alone now , the blaze light of the crime scene recede . ext . helen' build - night a small annoyed crowd have gather around the be whose alarm be still shriek . int . helen' hallway - night burt finally get up , go to window , see situation , decide to go and fix it . ext . crime scene - night m.j. still on phone to helen . she 's just get the bullet out of the baggie ; tony stand watch . m.j. what 's that siren ? helen ( v.o. ) one of that goddamn car alarm . what 's go ... m.j. ruben 's go to look ... it 's bang up but it look like a .44 . it 's Son of Sam . be it Son of Sam ? helen look in the crowd . he like to hang around and watch the cop at work ... ext . shell station - night close . ruben at the phone booth . a note lie on the shelf , handwritten in feel - tip pen . he put on a rubber glove , pick note up by one corner . crime scene : ruben have take phone back from m.j. he be read the note to helen . m.j. , agitate , stand by . ruben " Police : let I haunt you with this word : I will be back . " m.j. notice that there be write on the other side of the note . she force ruben be glove hand to turn note over . ruben hold on a minute , helen ... by this time m.j. have see that this part be address to helen . m.j. take phone from ruben , force herself to sound casual . m.j. helen , ruben 's go to drop by . he 's get some question . she hang up , ruben be already on he way . m.j. call a number ... m.j. answer I !!... ext . helen' apartment - night the beeper on burt 's belt be beep , but he head be under the hood of the car where the car alarm be blaring . he can not hear the beeper ... back to crime scene : m.j. end the call , yell to another detective . m.j. I need a unit at 19809 lorenda drive . tell they to approach code 2 and wait for instruction . find the goddamn officer suppose to be on security . ruben 's on he way . he will go in alone . she turn and sees : behind yellow crime scene tape the night be full of thrill seeker and curious . which of they might be the killer ? the guy in the back of the crowd who for no apparent reason suddenly begins to race along behind the onlooker ? the men who duck to tie he shoe when a photographer shoot a picture ? int . front door of helen' apartment - night the horn blare across the street , ( o.s. ) . no one notice the man at helen be door , swiftly fiddling the lock with a ring full of burglar ' key and pick . int . helen' bathroom - night helen be put on makeup ( ruben be come ) . a small but alarming noise at the front of the loft . she listen carefully , and move to the door look down the hall toward the front door . it be OPEN " burt be not there ! she hesitates a moment , then turn off the light and sprint for the front door , to escape . int . live room the man be pulling a balaclava up over he face . as he hear her he step to the ... insert : telephone a hand in a fine leather black glove lift the receiver off the hook . helen run down the hall and reach the front door . she run right out into the hall a few step before recoiling : her Pov . the wall and floor weaving and contracting ... agoraphobia have hit . helen fall . she scramble in terror back to the " safety " of her wall , now a cave of darkness . she fall on the floor of the hall , gasping for breath . live room . the man move across the room toward the hall . CUT to : ruben : take the hill fast . the man : step out into the hall . helen : she have run back the length of the hall to her office . she be just vanishing as the man step to where he can see her . the man start to follow , not fast , but with terrifying sureness ... the police scanner suddenly come up loud . he hesitate . helen : her remote control in hand switch on tv sets , lamp , etc . the man : he start to move again , toward where he believe she be . he be passing a window , when the curtain suddenly draw , right beside he . he pause again , look down and we and he / we see the STREET scene : burt and neighbor try to silence the car alarm . then he start to move again . the curtain close . high angle over the maze of the apartment wall . we can see the man moving along the hallway again -- toward andy'' den , and directly toward where we last saw helen . suddenly , foreground , helen' head pop up , huge ! she be wrestling herself up over the wall toward camera , into another room out of he path . we pan with her as she wiggle herself over the top of the wall and until she fall into furniture , making a huge noise . man stop , try to locate direction . he decide . leap with catlike grace onto a piece of furniture and from there onto the top of the wall ! now he stand on the partition , looking around at the groundplan ( as it be ) of this apartment maze from a high angle Pov . helen : she crouch in hiding . in deep focus , beyond her , and high above her , we see the man silhouetted as he begins to walk along like a cat on a garden wall , able to see on both side into whatever room he be passing . he drop off the wall for a moment into her bedroom . intercut man and helen . he look for her , prods the bed cover . then leap back up to the top of the wall . she take a vase and throws it over the wall into the adjacent room . the man' figure doesn't even slow , he be already figure it out : he leap clear across a open onto the wall that lead directly to her . she hit the remote : the curtain sweep OPEN , and more light come in now from the STREET . close , the man : he face turn to the light : from this high angle we and we see down into the STREET , where ruben' car screech to a stop . ruben charge into the building . burt , coming awake , follows ruben up the stair three at a time . hallway and apartment door : the man come racing out and turn toward the stair , just as ruben reach helen be floor . the man tries to do a 180 , but ruben throws a body block and the man fall back inside the apartment . light from hall give US our first look as ruben tear the balaclava off he face . he be a middle - age afro-asian with a knife -scarre face . man I can explain ! ruben the fuck you can ! ( shout ) helen ! be you okay ? helen ! then he see she . in shock , she stare down at the man . ruben do this animal touch you ? she shake she head , turn and run out of the room , as ruben catch sight of burt . ruben turn on a light and call in the unit . now ! burt rush to okay . ruben frisk the man . man no gun ! ruben bullshit 's gonna get you ball stomp on ! what 's you name ? man Chow . conrad Chow . the improbability of this name make ruben deliver a angry kick to the man 's side . man swear to God ! conrad Chow . never carry a gun . burt backup 's here ... ruben ( to burt ) then you get you ass outta here , I do not wanta see you again ... conrad I bring a present for the lady , there . I be look for she , to give she the present ... ruben you break into she apartment to deliver a gift ? where be it ? conrad the door be open , swear to God , I be just look for she when you come charge up the stair ... ruben where be it ? conrad I be try to tell you . it 's on the lady 's pillow ... ruben shove conrad into backup cop 's hand . int . bedroom - continuous ruben come run in , see a parcel lie on pillow ... scoops it up , and rip it open . it 's a book . he return to conrad , who be now surround by police . ruben hold the book up like a question . conrad daryll Lee cullum , he write that book , he want the lady to have it . they will not let he send it to she , so I be get out , he ask I to deliver it in person , he say , put it on she pillow . it have all about how he try to kill she . ruben he tell you she be load , any - thing you could steal you could keep , conrad ? you buy yourself a return ticket to quentin , break and enter . conrad the door be already open ... ruben we know ... ( to a cop ) send the book to evidence ... conrad she 's suppose to have it . ruben she do not want it . int . helen' bathroom - night helen be sit on the floor , she knee pull up to she chest . ruben ( v.o. ) helen ? open the door . the guy 's nothing . a burglar . she sit there , say nothing . ruben ( v.o. ) open the door . please . helen why do not you shoot off the lock ? she start to laugh . the sound be awful . after a moment , she get up on wobbly leg and open the door . ruben take she to the sink , sort of sit she down on it . wet a washcloth , go to sponge off she face . she be tremble . helen he be in my apartment ! ruben I know , baby . I know . without warning , in some sort of manic phase of a freak - out , she break away from he , ricochet through bedroom , down the hallway , ruben follow , try to put he arm around she . ruben it 's okay ... you be safe with I ! he pull she down into a chair with he , he arm tight around she , hold she still . he smoothes she hair , rub she neck , pet she like a frighten and resistant cat . ruben when I be a little kid , and I would be in a state , my father would hold I on he lap , until all the fight would go out of I ... she break free and whacks he across he nose . helen you think you be my daddy ? there be something so perverse about this , so erotic , that ruben kiss she . she go limp , kiss he back , then she 's suddenly sobbing . his nose be bleed , but she 's smile . something between they have finally connect . be agree upon . ruben helen ... honey , you know I gotta go . he dig out he sneaky gun from whenever he keep it . ruben you know how to use this ? helen they teach I at the FBI . I be very good at it . it scared I ... I like it . ruben you take it , hang on to it , it will make you feel safer . stay put . helen what else ? he go . a song begins , prelapping the following scene : " murder by number " by the police ... " once that you have decide on a kill first you make a stone of you heart and if you find that you hand be still willing you can turn murder into a art ... " helen open the weapon , seemingly competent enough to handle it well , and empties out the bullet . she lock it up and heave a sigh of relief . the song continue ... CUT to : ext . police station - day the FBI arrive . High angle , look down : three identical car draw in front , park with military precision : all four door on the all three car open at the same time and identically dress man , in suit , get out , slam the door in sync. , and march toward the front step to hq , ignore a couple of bemuse cop smoking on the sidewalk ... int . police hq - continuous as the parade of FBI , lead by they Commander sak , walk down the corridor from the front door , toward camera , perform a smart right angle turn , and ( camera panning to follow ) continue away from camera down another corridor . through the glass partition and in the hall they pass cop who pretend they be not look at they : no eye contact between cop and FBI . the cop be at ease ; belly slop over belt ; neatly press blouse strain over breast ; sweat stain ; shirtsleeve . the march man would not sweat . quinn emerge from he office and see they arrive . he get he jacket off a hook on the back of the door , signal a few top officer to follow . he look resign ... int . task force room - day ( later ) m.j. , ruben , nikko , and a number of other officer be be address by sak , a FBI agent . at the back be three more FBI agent , suite and tie . quinn stand off to one side . the song be just ending , on a CD player in the room . a projector beam up a copy of the note ruben find in the phone booth . Dr. Hudson : do not lose you head . " once that you have decide on a kill first you make a stone of you heart and if you find that you hand be still willing you can turn murder into a art . well , if you have a taste for this experience you be flushed with you very first success then you must try a twosome or a threesome before you conscience bother you much less . then you can join the rank of the illustrious in history 's great dark hall of fame all of we great killer be industrious at least the one that we all know by name . " sak speak ... sak hello . I be ( research title ) meryhew sak . the song be call " murder by number . " the performer be a group call the Police . Adam here ... ... from Behavioral Science be work out exactly what this perpetrator be try to telegraph in the note . this be a extremely complex case , and we have a lot of fancy theory float around . we be not ruling out the possib - ility of three copycat serial killer . we have quantico work on graphology , the Washington lap be cloning DNA from the secretor . it 's we feel that the best lead we have be the two sperm sample in one of the victim . we have a team sweeping sperm bank . now I want to say a few word to you local people . you commissioner ask for we assistance . the Bureau do not send we in on this case to lord it over the local police . we could not catch up on what you people know if we have a year . we have nation - wide resource and hard state of the art forensic science ; you have the local savvy . together we can be unbeatable . which one be Inspector halloran ? m.j. over here . sak approach m.j. , guide she away from the other . two shot : sak be unctuous and insincere , self - confident . sak we do not see too many lady homicide detective . you have my respect . have you discuss the note with Dr. Hudson ? m.j. someone break into she place last night . it be not connect to we case , but it shook she up pretty bad so I have not ... quinn join they , sak give he a nod . sak I be just about to advise the Inspector here not to show Dr. Hudson the note . m.j. Sir , Doctor Hudson and I see a pattern develop ... sak ( riding over she ) we know helen . she 's not exactly a credible collaborator . especially late in the day ... m.j. she take tranquilizers she doctor prescribe . sak who prescribe the brandy ? m.j.' look make sak smile . quinn be call to the phone . m.j. how come you be so up on Dr. Hudson ? sak she be a writer , write best sell book about serial kill . give lecture she 's well - pay for . her interest be not the interest of law enforcement . m.j. okay . sak we have put a tap on Dr. Hudson 's phone . I know you will not mention it . so much for any trust relationship , right ? quinn have arrive , address sak . quinn sorry to interrupt . I need a word with my officer ... he turn to m.j. diplomatically , sak move away . quinn m.j. , I be go to have to borrow ruben . the alien-smuggling thing in Chinatown be go down tomorrow night and Jack 's kid get hit by a car . I gotta give ruben to nikko . m.j. what do this mean ? now we get the FBI , my team be expendable ? I be work my ass off , be anybody listen ? why ruben , anyway ? he and nikko do not even get on together ... quinn teach both of they a lesson in cooperation and self-discipline . m.j. if this be a first step in kick I off the case , just tell I , to my face , sir , do not waste time be diplomatic . quinn just , I need result . and -- I be short -hande . who else be I gonna give he ? m.j. ( look at sak ) give he thatpompous son of a bitch . she turn and leave , brush past sak as she go ... gigi meet she ... gigi Lab call . they get a result on the drug test you request ...? it take a moment to remember what it be ... gigi they say it be windex ? if there be any residual doubt about what 's happen , it 's go now . she start after quinn , see he be in spirite dialogue with sak and decide to wait . CUT to : int . helen' live room - day helen and m.j. helen unfold a xerox copy of the note , that m.j. have just give she . helen ... " I will be back ... " as she look at the back of the note ... she look up into m.j. be face . m.j. yeah . address to you . " do not lose you head . " helen put down the note . she be hold herself together by main will power ... do not want to face that note ... helen they put merry sak on it ?! m.j. he say to send you he regards and to tell you that the Bureau hold you in the high esteem . helen what I can not believe be that in a earlier life I sleep with he ! Christ ! any God that love he people would give woman a rewind on they life and a erase button . ( look at m.j. ) just give I a minute here . the letter be address to I ... ( she 's breathe fast , control it ) you do not feel fear , do you ? you be young . you feel like you ' will live forever . how wonderful . m.j. I put my ass on the line , give you that . helen they be not go to show it to I ?! the arrogance ! it 's my life ! m.j. it 's also the major piece of evidence , and it make you a key part of he plan . you can not run away from it anymore . ( beat ) look at the order he 's do they ... he do three as the Boston strangler just to tell we a copycat serial killer be at work . then he do one like the hillside strang - ler . and then one as Son of Sam . to lead we on -- to where and what end ? and he 's do more than that -- he 's imitate each killer 's method as closely as he can -- in detail . injecting windex . use .44 . play Abba . helen it 's not chronological : Son of Sam be before hillside . she begin to read . m.j. it 's clear he think he know I . he life a fantasy . ' helen , do not lose you head . ' be that a threat ? do he want to cut off my head ? dahmer cut off head . who else ? kemper . do gacy ? rivkind ? I think rivkind do . she put the note down on the table , smoothes it out . she close she eye for a moment . we begin to see certain filter image . as they come , we intercut they . helen he attack what he feel he can not have . what he feel exclude from ... ext . university campus - day lush , pastoral green . we see peter sit by himself . he wear a white lab coat , like one we see hang in he basement . he Pov : of student on the green , play frisbee , study together , picnick . woman sunbathe , they strap pull down on they shoulder , they top roll up to expose they midriff . helen ( v.o. ) ' first you make a stone of you heart .'... oh yes ! he do not suffer . that 's past . now it 's we turn . one of the sunbathing girl sit up and look round , then take she top off entirely . helen ( v.o. ) kemper say in order to have the experience he want with they , he need to evict they from they body . by make the body a completely passive object , he release himself from passivity . close : helen , deep in thought ... helen but the relief he feel be only temporary . '... before you conscience bother you much less ... ' but the tension always come back . ( she now pick out the word : ) ' you can join the rank of the illustrious ... ' he want to be like they . the best . to become the best . but , he have he own desire , he own compulsion apart from theirs . ' his own horror ... CUT to : flashback : peter' childhood home - day a incremental flash of a SMALL boy stand by he bed which he have wet . his pajamas be soak . his powerful mother grab he by the hair and drag he with she . helen ( v.o. ) some horror that be all he own ... the SMALL boy be flung into a under-stair closet where firewood and stack papers be keep . the door be slam hard . he grope around in the darkness , find a big box of match , light one . then , angrily , he set fire to a pile of newspaper . they start to burn . we see , but do not , hear , he scream for help . helen ( v.o. ) he need to prove they do not control he , that he 's the one in control . but the feel of power never last . he can control he victim , but he can not control anything else ... he place in the world . he want 's to be recognize . he put message in my computer ; he send I a letter ... int . helen' apartment - day she pick out the line ... " then you must try a twosome or a threesome . " helen of course he want to do a threesome ! only Bundy do three in one day . be Bundy next ? but Bundy should be last ... the grand finale . what about kemper and ramirez ? gacy , dahmer , Williams ? rivkind ? who else be on he list ? in what order ? ext . CITY STREET - day peter in he car . ahead , he see two girl at a bus stop . we see peter take a long blade - knife and carefully conceal it under he right thigh . the two girl be wear backpack . ' festival of love ' sticker decorate the bag . peter pull he nondescript sedan up to they and say something . they giggle , shake they head . he laugh , hold up he hand to level of he shoulder in a ' not guilty ! ' gesture , then make a peace sign . the girl giggle again , but do not get in . peter drive off . int . helen' apartment - day helen '... great dark hall of fame ... all we great killer ... ' his great heroes ? he want to be famous . when they be catch and people like I write about they , we give they a kind of immortality . they get thousand of letter . ramirez kill eight woman and get a hundred marriage proposal a month . they be like film star . m.j. they get fan letter ... CUT to : int . prison - day warden felix mendoza in he office felix we keep record of any threaten or illegal correspondence , like relative of victim who might want to send the condemn man some strychnine cookie . so it 's only a partial list , but you be still look at about forty page ... montage of picture and SOUND : we begin to see moving list of name -- like schindler' list -- superimposed over the short snippet of scene ... a waterfall of name ... int . helen' office insert fax machine : list of name be excreted . helen ( v.o. ) would you fax that page to I ? int . task force room - day m.j. on the phone . on the desk in front of she , be a list of killer , complementary to helen be . m.j. thank you for you help , warden hillyer . as soon as you can . she hang up as gigi put a long fax sheet of name on m.j 's desk . gigi hot off the fax . Mr. rivkind 's fan . m.j. do not look at the rivkind list , just cross he name off the killer list and pick up the phone , dial , wait . CUT to : int . helen' office - late afternoon close : fax of a list of name and address be scanned by a scanner ; unique SOUND of scanner and flashing light . another page be scanned in . computer screen : calera wordscan : same page appear and be read by computer ( a film of color move over the page showing area scanned . ) page then reappear with errors marked by color ; on screen the name and address scroll by -- there be hundred , maybe thousand of name ... impossible to read and compare ... a computer screen mix with this : -- boolean search term be typed in , meaning " looking for last name , ignoring case , occurring on more than one list , and / or more than once , count number of hit . " the computer screen scroll name faster and faster , every once in while halting a split second on a name , and resuming . superimposed be a flashing legend : please wait . do not touch keys or search data will be lost . helen ( v.o. ) if we keep go and work till midnight ... andy ( o.s. ) sorry , luv. I have get a date . helen ( o.s. ) you have get a date right here , Andy . this have get to ... we now see andy be feed the scanner , he have a thick sheaf of fax list ... andy it 's almost six . and guess what ? Hall like I bath and shave . helen stop act like a silly little fag ! his eyebrow arch , but he smile stay in place . andy my life to live , darling , try to remember what it be like way , way back when you be young and sexy and alive . he get up and walk toward the door . helen you bastard ! andy but alive ! the door slam ( o.s. ) helen angrily hit the key : CUT to : the endless list flow like muddy water across the screen ... helen -- her face reflect the scroll of name ( as though they be projected on her face in reverse . ) she be totally focussed , but nervous ; she light a cigarette as camera dolly in closer and closer to her eye and then to one eye only until the eye , the Iris and finally the pupil fill the screen : in they be reflected that name pouring past in there thousand , until we hear a gasp . a keystroke offstage , and the name stop : another keystroke and one name among they all suddenly freeze in her pupil : peter kurten helen ( v.o. ) the dirty bastard ! more game ! CUT to : int . helen' apartment - day m.j. be enter at front door , let in by a new Guard fred . helen ( o.s. ) it 's not a real name : it 's the name of a mass murderer in Germany in the 1930s . they call he the monster of dusseldorf . m.j. be turn into the Office ; she carry a portfolio of list of she own . helen let 's speed up the game plan ... call all the live serial to ask if they have have contact with a Peter kurten . we could use some help on the phone ... m.j. they be not talk to I . sak look right through I . I ask he for some body , for the phone -- he 's so encourage : " you make that you little job . " condescend bastard . ( careful ) helen , on you list to call be San quentin . daryll Lee cullum ? helen ( beat ) you do that one , I do not want it ... CUT to : int . san quentin warden ' office mitchell sergeant halloran be it ? I have get a list of daryll Lee 's correspondent . there be a Peter kurten among they . daryll Lee claim he have information about kurten , but he will only talk to Dr. Hudson personally . nobody else . the creep 's be study he amendment . my guess be he do not have zip . just angle for a chance to ask if she bra size be still the same . we get this shit all the time , but it 's she call . m.j. thanks , warden . ( determine ) she will talk to he . int . helen' office - night helen , m.j . they be wait , helen tense , smoking , atmosphere charge ... m.j. do that thing really help ? like she really wish they might , so she could have one . helen look at she cigarette as though she would never see one before ... grind it out ... helen not a damn bit ... and unconsciously light another during follow ... phone ring . m.j. pick it up , listen , hand it to helen ... gesture encouragement ; fist in victory gesture ... intercut to : int . penitentiary interview room daryll lee cullum be on the phone , a warden be attendance , but not on the phone line . on this rare contact with the outside world he be manic ... daryll lee hey , Doc ! how you do ? she turn on speakerphone . helen hello , daryll Lee . daryll you read my book which as you know , hit the stand a couple of week ago . you read it yet . helen what book ? daryll ( indignant ) I send it by private courier , he do not give it to you ? that son of a gun ...! helen look at m.j. , who indicate ' tell you later . ' helen I will look for it , daryll Lee . daryll Bet you never figure I would follow in you footstep . it 's real well - write . you should read it -- you be in it . helen I will . I will call you , daryll , and talk to you about it after I have read it . right now I have a question ... Peter kurten . daryll kurten ! be he bother you ? I tell that son I would send he what he want if he leave you alone . helen ah ha . what do he want ? daryll something personal . be he bother you ? helen I do not know . I would like to know where he be . daryll listen , you want my advice ? steer clear . he 's write I he 's gonna finish 'my unfinish symphony . ' he 's gonna give I $ 550 for some of my cum , he say he 's in a position to see that I will be immortal if he have some of my spunk . I be offended . right away I smell freak . writin ' about he and I and you bein ' join and he 's gonna finish my symphony ? I do not care for he drift . I send some liquid soap in a sandwich baggie with a message from Jesus to mend he way . you hear I find Jesus ? and what 's funny be , now I do not mind bein ' inside . if I be out , even bear again , I would probably get restless again . it 's maybe better I stay here , what do you think ? helen I think whatever be best for you , daryll . and maybe you be right , that 's the place . daryll you come and visit . helen where do you send the message to Peter kurten ? daryll damn ! I give that to conrad , too ! that guy ! I tell conrad deliver to kurten and keep the 500 buck in return for get my book to you . at this mention of conrad , m.j. leap to another phone ... helen how be conrad suppose to find kurten ? daryll conrad have the phone number . conrad , where be he ? helen ( from m.j. 's pantomime ) in jail . daryll that klutz . they send he back here , I will kick he ass good . daryll lee helen , how be life , you okay ? come see I , talk to I . I think about you , worry about you all the time . I be so glad Jesus do not let I kill you . you know -- you be bless by Jesus . that 's why you need to come talk to I , because Jesus keep you alive for a reason , and I be he sacred instrument ... in the moment Satan be in my heart raise my hand to kill you , Jesus take my hand to spare you . I be both death and life to you ... helen hang up . m.j. have already leave ... CUT to : int . squad room - night pandemonium : the Chinatown raid have be carry off and nikko and ruben and a dozen other cop be book a group of chinese gangster of all age , and a group of frighten and confuse chinese illegal alien . total uproar . through it , we move with m.j. she pass ruben who be grabbing a chinese kid strung out on something , out of a line of suspect ... he aside : m.j. I bring back a gin-se popper for you . guaranteed all - night orgasm . m.j. save it for helen . ruben ( enough already ! ) wait a minute , wait a goddamn minute ... he manhandle the kid into docility while ... ruben the woman be in shock . she be totally out on rank . I stay because I do not want she to wake up alone in a place where she would just be under attack . ( to the kid who be restless ) stop that , you son of a bitch ! ( back to she ) the place be not secure . I be do my goddamn job ! and , for the second time , I sleep in she live room . m.j. do not try to lie , ruben . you do not have the face for it . I need you to help interrogate the burglar in Hudson 's place ... ruben talk to nikko ...! she move on to find nikko nikko site at he desk , processing the papers for the sullen young thug who be handcuff to a chain next to nikko be desk . nikko unholster he gun ... he shove it into he desk drawer ... nikko you speak English ? ( chinese ) you need a interpreter ? quinn , walk past the illegal , speak to gigi . quinn I do not want the illigal , I want just the bastard dump they in the harbor . what 's keep that bum at Immigration ? nightmare in here ... m.j. stand over nikko m.j. I gotta have ruben , and a ... harrowing scream !!! illegal woman be scream -- pandemonium among the detainee . cop rush to control the problem . nikko outta you mind ? look at this ... m.j. ( to quinn ) Lieutenant ...? just at that moment the kid ruben be book go totally bananas ; m.j. go to he assistance , wrestle this wild kid . nikko start from he chair , look for the key to the drawer , but be be not there ... he go to help ruben get the kid under control . quinn step in ... m.j. the prowler in Hudson 's apartment turn out to have a meeting with a suspect ... quinn ( amaze ) you get a suspect ... they move back to nikko' desk . quinn how would you get in on the deal ? m.j. I be gonna drop charge on the break - and - enter at Hudson 's ... quinn you have no authority to make a deal like that . that ' 's for the d.a ... m.j. or the f.b.i .? quinn sak . if he know you do that ! they be all ask I , ' what be she do , ' as it be . m.j. give I ruben back ... quinn nikko ? nikko we get through this shit , let them all go . nikko have stand and move the handcuff thug toward the door to jail cell . m.j. check she time , ( wall clock help US here : 8:47 ) m.j. I will talk to conrad myself . I will be in the jail when you wind this up ... ruben I gotta get something to eat , I have not eat all day . m.j. go ... ruben can not find a desk to work at , and commandeer nikko 's . he slam the kid into nikko' chair and cuff he . kid start to rattle he chair , spew chinese epithet , then bend over the desk and , with he tooth pick up some paper , try to shake it to shred . ruben yank the papers out of the kid be mouth , pull the kid be chair from the side to the front of the desk , shove the kid into place face away from the desk , so that he can not do any more damage . then ruben can not figure out where he can work . at the next desk , where he have be work , mac rise . mac here ... I be finish ... ruben ( to kid ) I be go to the coffee machine . hold the fort . he move off , the kide eye move calculatingly around the room . he twist against the cuff , try anything to get free , and discover he can pull out the desk drawer . close up : the kide free hand rifling through the drawer behind he back , find the gun . pull back to show the kid . he be as ruben position he , he back press against the desk . CUT to : int . CITY jail cell - day conrad be bring in by a Guard . lightly shack . m.j. stand . conrad sit . conrad who be you ? m.j. Inspector halloran . homicide . you be suppose to contact a Peter kurten ? conrad ( cagey ) I be ? how you spell that ? m.j. cut the crap . you get a sheet the length of my arm ... conrad ( interrupt ) I never hurt nobody ... m.j. shut up -- I be talk . you get felony break and enter , burglary , felonious ... conrad ( interrupt ) I never carry a gun ! she slap he hard ! he be shocked . m.j. you do not listen very good . this break in -- I can call it a felony -- three strike , and you get about sixteen strike already , and you be in jail for the rest of you life , no parole . or I could see it get forget . conrad you get I out first . m.j. do not work that way . you have you chance , now fuck yourself ... she 's walk to the door ... conrad hold out just one more beat to see if she 's bluff ... she hand be on the door knob ... conrad tell I what you want I to say . anything . m.j. you be go to make a delivery to Peter kurten for daryll Lee cullum . I want kurten 's phone number . conrad I do not have it ... m.j. start to open the door ... conrad wait ... wait ... I already call he , I throw it away . m.j. you already make the delivery ? conrad no , that 's still in my jacket I be wear . we be suppose to meet on the dock , that number 47 wharf , 10 o'clock Friday . he 's gonna hand I 500 buck . m.j. what Friday ? conrad what day be this ? in jail you lose track . this week . Friday . m.j. be already on she way ... conrad do not forget I , please . I tell you what you want -- do not forget I . CUT to : ext . waterfront - night deserted . a long shadow of a man stretch out across the dock . it be peter , walking leisurely from the waterfront drive toward the huge waterhouse at the end of the dock . he step into the deep shadow and seem to vanish . close : peter . he check he watch and turn to watch the dock and the shore . he can see and not be see . he be entirely alone now . int . squad room - night ruben take coffee and doughnut out of a box , then lean over the kid who seem to have calm down . he uncuff he from the chair . ruben behave . you refuse my hospitality , I be put you to bed . he push the coffee toward the kid , who whip nikko' gun out from under the desk , where it be hide , and lay it up under ruben 's ear . kid move behind ruben and put a skinny arm around ruben be neck , pull he upright . ruben still clutching the doughnut box . it take a moment for the other to see . then the room be absolutely motionless . nikko take it easy , kid . nobody 's gonna do anything . just let the gun down , so it do not go off ... a chinese detective repeat the same idea in chinese ... kid ( scream ) nobody come through the door ... behind the kid , as he back through the door , across the corridor we look straight down a corridor to where m.j. be coming almost at a run -- she sees what be happen . the kid do not see she , yet , as he be back away from the other ... m.j. draw her gun and stand in firing position . if she fire from here ruben be directly behind the kid , and other officer , in the line the bullet would take be still scrambling out of her line ... she can't FIRE . m.j. hey , you ... the kid turn , see she , expose he shoulder to she ... she fire and hit the kid . he be thrown to the floor and twisted around by the impact , landing behind ruben so she can't make a second shot . ruben goe for he own gun , but the kide gun that fell from he hand be right by he still . the kid grab it and fire before ruben have he gun all the way out of he holster . the kid shoot ruben in the throat at a angle that take the bullet straight into he brain . then the kid throws the gun away , and stand , he hand up in surrender , a grin on he face . this entire action have taken about six second . the kid goe down , flattened by body of the cop who have rushed he . kid I be a juvenile ! I be a juvenile ! m.j. rush to ruben . ext . waterfront - night peter , stand as before . check he watch , light a cigarette . int . squad room - night ( later ) the kid have be take away . paramedics be remove ruben be body . m.j. stand freeze as ruben be stretcher be carry out of the room . her hand hold the doughnut box . finally , m.j. blink , she head turn as if she can not imagine what to do , where to go . then , suddenly conscious of the doughnut box , she clutches it tight against she chest . close : m.j. she abruptly remember : the rendezvous with Peter kurten ! m.j. gigi ! dock 47 . I need a couple unit to drag the area ... CUT to : ext . waterfront - night wide full shot : deep shadow and highlight . in the black cavern of the dock , footstep begin to echo , then out of shadow into light come peter . he walk away into the night . far far away siren begin to SOUND -- they will be too late . CUT to : int . interview room - night nikko sit , numb . if possible , nikko be more devastate than m.j . she speak to nikko , but do not look at he . m.j. quinn will be here any minute . what be you go to say ? nikko Christ . I do not lock the fuck drawer ! you spend twenty year think some perp 's gonna whack you ... you will crash you car ... but what happen be , you fuck yourself ... ( a chock laugh ) you can not imagine how many time I see you two ... you head together , I wish he dead . every time ... want to hear something weird ? I feel like I would give my life to bring he back . m.j. you be in terrible trouble , nikko . nikko who give a fuck ? in all the year I never see you cry . ( beat ) you love he . m.j. look away . m.j. who give a fuck ? quinn enter to find he two senior officer in tear . pay no attention to conrad . quinn nikko . my office ? m.j. , I wanna see you later . nikko stand , and he and quinn exit . m.j. sit staring into her misery . CUT to : int . gay nightclub - night very crowded with a generally young clientele . Big dance scene . a number of man wear 70' costume ... a occasional bit of drag . andy and hal dance ... andy with great abandon . hal seem to need a break . he lead a good - naturedly protest andy back to they table . they find a stranger sit there . it be peter . CUT to : int . quinn' office - night m.j. enter and cross to he desk . on he desk lie a badge and a gun -- nikko 's . m.j. be look at they as quinn ( nothing she look ) he 's on temp leave with pay . I talk the commissioner out of no pay . m.j. pull she badge out and put it down in front of quinn . m.j. you want mine , too ? you take he , you take mine . I be the one fuck it up ... quinn so I be maybe gonna lose three good cop ? you fuck up on this occasion , but do not be so hard on yourself . there 's something I want you to think about . the book say if you use you gun , use it to kill , that 's what it 's mean to do . you try to pick this punk off with fancy shoot , to keep he alive . to what end ? you be not willing to kill , you can not be a cop . go get drunk . I be . CUT to : int . helen' office - night helen be lie wide awake . the phone ring . her answering machine -- she can hear it clearly in this loft apartment ... andy ( v.o. ) if yo dial carefully you have reach you dream number . now , you know what to do . ( beep ) " the police " singing " ymca " be heard ! int . nightclub payphone near the men' room peter be there on a payphone : he now hold up a walkman tape recorder to the mouthpiece ... presses a button ... int . helen' bedroom helen' own voice be heard . echoing through the loft space from the office . " ymca " heard in b.g . helen leap out of bed and run down the hall , as : helen ( v.o. ) ... they compulsion be less about sex than it be about control . power. action . release from passivity . Albert desalvo , bianchi and buono , berkowitz , dahmer ... dahmer kill he first victim because the boy just want to go home . Bundy say he want to master life . and death ... she have reach the machine : she pick up the phone ... helen Peter kurten ! int . club payphone - night peter hang up the phone , slip the tape recorder in he pocket and take a few step to the MAIN floor of the nightclub . over he shoulder we can see : andy and hal dancing . Andy be wear a bright and distinctive jacket . CUT to : int . helen' apartment - night a new guard , fred , be let m.j. in . for the first time , helen be glad to see her . as m.j. walk down toward she ... helen you be right ! he know I ! he go to my lecture . he record they ! listen to this ... she be too full of she own shock to wonder why m.j. be here at this hour and to notice the state m.j. be in ... she have turn back to the answer machine and hit the play button , m.j. stand beside she ... she also have the text of the lecture on she computer screen : answering machine ... action . release from passivity . Albert desalvo , bianchi and buono , berkowitz , dahmer ... dahmer kill he first victim because the boy just want to go home . Bundy say he want to master life . and death ... and the music from the nightclub blaring in the b.g. helen have turn and now see m.j. 's condition . she stop the tape ... helen what happen to you ?! m.j. ruben 's dead . so stupid , a cop thing , a crazy kid and a buncha dumb mistake ... I be sorry ... because you and he ... tear start again , just run down , no sob , but she can not will they away . she brushes at they angrily ... m.j. I just think it be so -- unprofessional . of you both ! helen he feel sorry for I . it be so nice to flirt . he be a darling man . m.j. a man ? I think he be a boy . ( burst out ) this last Christmas be the happiest Christmas I have in the last ten year ... you know why ? it be the first Christmas in six year I be not in love . Son of a bitch marry man ! who care about marriage , the bed just get crowded and noisy ?! helen you be exhaust . let I get you a brandy . m.j. where 's the john ? let I clean up this mess , and get back to work . helen have step to she brandy decanter ; m.j. , too deject to move , sit , stare now at the only thing to stare at : the computer screen . helen ( o.s. ) who 's the marry man ? m.j. what do it matter ? this guy , you check you course record , who sign up ? helen return with the brandy . m.j. hold it , do not drink , just stare at the computer screen , emotionally dead ... helen the University computer be down for maintenance , but I have be go through my own note ... m.j. ( she voice be dead ) look . there 's the order : you write it : desalvo , bianchi & buono , berkowitz and dahmer . it 's go to be dahmer next . which mean he will kill a man . with a effort of will m.j. move to the phone , put the brandy down . helen yes. dahmer ! and after that ... m.j. ( dial ) Bundy . that 's the last one in you speech ... helen maybe you should ... m.j. I be work on it ! it 's what I do . ( into phone ) quinn ... halloran . I will wait . ( to helen ) where 's Andy , can we get some coffee in here ? helen ( she 's go through record ) out . where do he go ? nowhere . what do he do ? nothing . CUT to : ext . bayside restaurant - belvedere or sausalito - day a bright lovely day , people dine and drinking in the SUN , on a deck that face the Bay and San Francisco 's tower beyond . Young people , drink in hand , dress to go to a summer wedding , mingle and laugh and chatter . a young woman stand lean back against the wooden rail , she back to the baby . a young man face she , talk , laugh . he leans close to whisper in her ear and she leans back , drawing he closer to her -- sexy ! as he whisper he can see over her shoulder into the water below . reverse , close : young man -- his face register horror at what he see : he stop speak , and the girl turn to look down to see what be it he 's look at , and begin to scream ... there Pov . below , float in the water be andy , wear he bright jacket , except it 's not all of Andy . he head be missing . CUT to : reverse : ( time have passed ) . from what would be andy'' Pov -- face looking down . m.j. , quinn , sak and coroner be men ... there Pov . now rubber boat have be tied in a ring around the body . doc be do he work , preparatory to lifting the body out of the water ... he pull a wallet out of the pocket and hold it up to the people above . m.j. take it . begins to look through it . she be numb with exhaustion and sorrow . CUT to : int . helen' apartment - day her tooth chatter , helen try to talk . helen I be not go to talk about it . how do you know it be Andy if the head be go ? where be the head ? be you look for it ? oh , God , why he ? because of I . I can not talk about it . I write about thing like this , stuff it all in book and bury it in library . this be the first person close to I who 's ever die . and it 's because of I . this monster kill he because I love he . m.j. I have get to go . I have get to go . m.j. hand helen she bottle of xanax . m.j. how many do you need to sleep . really sheep ? helen w- we have a fight . I call he ... call he a name ... m.j. Christ , helen . the first time , we be ahead of the son of a bitch ! I can not leave you like this -- and there 's no time . knock yourself out . offer the xanax again . helen look at the bottle ... helen ( beat ) right . well . he 's go to do Bundy . Bundy fake injury , wear a plaster cast , or walk on crutch , and ask college girl for help -- carry he book , push he car ... m.j. start for the door ... helen have turn to she computer and type ... meanwhile we be hearing . m.j. ( v.o. ) like the other -- he will pick the most extravagant murder -- Bundy 's three murder in one night at a ... and we see helen 's message on the computer screen ... peter kurten , please contact internet hudsonhel@univold.com . CUT to : int . task force - day m.j. be moving from desk to desk ... issuing instruction , in continuous segue from above ... m.j. ... chi omega sorority house . find out how many chi omegas there be on college campuse this area . detective how far out ? m.j. hundre mile radius . to the next ... m.j. what be the FBI do ? detective 2 they be comb fertility clinic . m.j. you want to get onto the dmv , we want record on all gold or yellow color vw bug , any year . I want a in - person check on every register owner . if it 's rental -- check rental first -- get name and location of who be drive one now . next station . quinn have appear and be listen . m.j. alert campus Security on college campuse , all of they . they should warn all female student with long straight dark hair parte exactly in the middle -- I be serious ! -- to avoid any strange male contact and report any man with a apparent handicap who try to get they to carry grocery or book , or push he car ... sak have appear and stand by quinn : they both stare at she and she become more and more self conscious and aware of how impossible this be ... m.j. ( to they ) that be Bundy . he kill forty of they , identical , long hair , parte in the middle , alike as barbie doll . ( break off ) ... this be hopeless . let 's try to get time for a police spokesman to appear on college radio and tv hookup and broadcast a warning ? quinn " spokesperson . " sak what about auto body and paint shop ; any recent vw bug repaint to gold or yellow ? m.j. be mildly surprised at help from this source . m.j. you or we gonna do it ? quinn and sak turn to each other : turf war . CUT to : fertility clinic - day nitrogen fog swirl as a Stainless steel tubule be lift out its bath of liquid nitrogen , with a long pair of tong . camera follows to reveal peter foley , in white lab coat . through a glass partition , he sees two unmistakable FBI man enter and begin talk to the receptionist in a outside office . he continue about he work . camera stays on the FBI men and receptionist . CUT back to where peter be working . there be only a pair of rubber glove and lab coat lying on the work space . a back door be close ... CUT to : int . helen' bedroom helen' bed be empty , cover thrown back . a glorious morning . the tv's leap into life . we hear over : horribly cheerful voice : tv ( v.o. ) welcome to weekend gridlock on the freeways ! everybody head for the mountain and or the sea , ( sing ) " by the sea , by the sea , by the beautiful sea , " and my -oh - my what a mess ! on 101 south of burlington , we have a big rig over the side , block the on-ramp ... " ( etc. , blah , blah ) int . helen' office - curtain drawn - still night here ... helen at she computer ... which say back on line -- sorry for the delay . these be confidential university record requiring approved authorization please type you password : helen type -- ' xxxx xxxx ' appear on screen . then a message : doctor helen hudson , you access level be there . helen any student name register in crime - psych 137 match to title of term papers with any mention of ' Peter kurten . ' what she type on screen be the text for a boolean search for such item ( research need ) . she wait for a second . search complete student name : 342 crime - psych 137 11 term paper 736 peter kurten 1 matching all criteria : peter foley ' peter foley , doctoral candidate , 1991 term paper , ' psychopathology of serial killer peter kurten as a symptom of social upheaval and political violence in germany circa 1936 , ' unpublished . helen Peter foley . good God . you poor sad little bore . I fail you , be this what ...? SOUND : her front door open . she start , turn . foot move toward she , but quietly , cautiously . as the footstep turn into the hall . she stand , reach for anything to defend herself with : a paperknife . she move to the door , raise the knife ... footstep closer ... a man turn into the office , and she launch herself , only stop the stab of the knife at the last split second ... andy . she scream ! andy stop scream ! she scream again . then smother he with kiss and hug ... andy for God 's sake , stop -- my head ! I have the iraqi mother of all hang - over . very quiet in the hospital zone , please . she cling to he . helen where have you be ? what happen to you wallet ? andy hal have it . CUT to : int . squad room - night sak be sit on edge of a desk . m.j. be stand , and quinn be sit almost knee - to- knee with andy . andy ... then he give I a popper and I start to feel really wild ... all over the dance floor . then suddenly I be just 's of stone . and sick ? I have to race for the john ... horribly sick . over and over and over . I be in there a very long time . and when I come out they be go . so be my jacket which I would toss to hal when I be dance . hal be my ... could I have a glass of water ? a FBI man intrude ... with a printout of a driver 's license . he show to Andy ... FBI mister sak . we gotta Peter foley , medical technician in a fertility clinic in oakland . we get a home address in Daly City . andy ( look at license ) that 's he . sak get he ! the FBI and the cop all rise and be on there way out . quinn I call we swat Commander ... ( to sak ) he 's ours now ... you come watch we boy in action ... and walk away ... sak ( under he breath ) well , thank you , too . CUT to : ext . old frame house , daly CITY - night swat team surrounding the house , with great quiet and effort to conceal the operation . quinn in command over a swat commander -- jensen . there be ambulance , a fire truck , search light . swat team , and FBI all wear bulky flack jacket , with yellow id stencill on the back . quinn see m.j. , huddle in she old oversize jacket , gesture m.j. should have a flack jacket like theirs . she tap she chest , where she have a bullet - proof vest under she shirt . the house : various shot , silhouetted figure moving to vantage point for the assault . on a view including a cellar window : light inside . as crouched swat man run by we see : peter inside , passing by , glance out ... int . peter' basement peter hesitate , looking out . he flick off light . move purposefully out of frame ... we hear a moan ( o.s. ) . a hand gasp the handle of what look like a gun ; as it be bring up into a wider view it have a long barrel which suddenly shoot flame : a propane barbecue lighter ... ext . house they be almost ready for the first move ; three swat men by the door . another two preparing to move forward and announce themselves . swat comm ( on bullhorn ) Peter foley , we be the police . will you please come to you front door , and come out with you hand above you head ... ( etc . ) inside a smoke alarm begins to go . light flicker in cellar window . swat men at the door : they smash the lock and charge in . m.j. and other detective with they . int . house a dozen man pour into the house from front and back , converge in the dimly light live room . smoke obscure everything . the dining room and kitchen be empty . m.j. follows contingent that race upstair . other fan out through the whole structure . firemen come behind looking for the FIRE . int . peter' bedroom - night smoke be thinner here . the room light only by the glow tv screen . the wife still in bed , shot through the head . other crowd in , kick in closet and bathroom door . m.j. be by the bed just turning to start aback downstair looking for peter . swat man emerge from the bathroom with the body of nasty little dog , hold it by the tail : then the FIRE department warning sire shriek : they mean everybody out ... firemen charge for exit ... as they charge through downstair ... m.j. can see two firemen at the basement door . smoke billow from under it . behind it we hear scream . the firemen smash the door , dropping to the floor as they do ... m.j' Pov : black smoke billow out across the ceiling then explode into white hot flame . she have stepped forward so she can see over the firemen down into the basement : in the sudden flare she sees a man , with tin - rimmed glass and black leather clothing entirely engulfed in flame running up the basement stair ; behind he the basement be burning . int . basement low angle looking up stair : flame all around -- peter be photo collage on the bulletin board burning . the man running up the stair almost make it to the top before he fall back down into the camera . at the top , we see m.j. and the firemen' appalled face . the scream die off ... ext . house flame now engulfing the basement and ground floor : firemen and m.j. racing out coughing and choking . then : a huge hot floom of a explosion : flame threaten to consume the entire house . firemen swarm back to knock down flame from outside . m.j. , quinn , etc . , watching the evidence go up in smoke . there face lighted by the flame . CUT to : int . helen' office - night she have now change into a pair of sweat pants and a T-shirt . susan schiffer be on tv : with shot of the FIRE be snuffed out . susan I be here with Lieutenant quinn of the homicide division and ( title ) sak of the FBI . can you tell we what happen here , tonight ? during the follow we move to peter' house where quinn and sak be be interview . quinn Susan , the San Francisco Police Department , assist by the FBI , develop evidence that the serial killer , refer to as the copycat killer be a individual who reside at this address . upon be ask to step out of the house to be interview , the suspect set fire to the house possibly to destroy evidence of he wife 's murder . we find she dead of gunshot wound in a upstairs bedroom . he himself die in the fire . ( to shout question ) no , we will wait until we have locate any relative who should be notify . witnesses see the individual burn to death , they be unable to reach he in time to save he . we be glad , as the entire city must be glad , this reign of terror be end . no , no more at this time . thank you ... end of helen staring stonily at the screen : she doesn 't believe it for a moment . CUT to : int . task force room - night m.j. , wearily enter . other quietly enter , slip out coat , talk and drink at some distance . m.j. take off she shoulder holster and gun and put they down on she workspace . nikko be at little distance clean out he desk . he come down to she as she sit ... nikko ( v.o. ) I hear . good police work . m.j. just horseshit luck . nikko do not ever forget how good you be . he be stand behind she and lean over to almost touch she hair with he lip ... nikko I love you . he go . m.j. twist in misery and fury ... her phone be ringing on another line ; she punch it ... NJ halloran . helen I do not believe it . m.j. helen . ( beat ) I see he die . I see he burn on the basement stair , he never reach the top . helen they never kill themselves . how do you know it be he . you never meet he . you never even see a photograph ... m.j. helen -- let go . you have get to let go . helen he have not do Bundy . he 's do every one of the other , have not he ? if there be three dead chi omega college girl tomorrow , how will you feel ? go there . see if there could be any way for he to escape . m.j. this have be the worst 48 hour of my life . I be go home . I be go to try to get drunk . helen if there 's a one percent possibil - ity , can you live with yourself when he kill again ? m.j. oh , shut up , and do not be so damn self righteous . CUT to : int . m.j' car - night m.j. be now almost dead with fatigue . she barely miss hit another car . she drive on until she be force to stop at a traffic light . all during this : radio news ... you be on the air , who 's this ... ron , that 's not my right name ... that 's okay , ron . what be you afraid of ?... I do not want anybody to know my name , because I be a friend of Peter foley ? I know he from the gay community ? he be cruise the night ... m.j. switch station , channel surfing ... bit of music , rush limbaugh , back to ron dron on . radio news ... that I resent the tone of the Police and they attitude ? that this be just some weird queer event , just because they could not stop this guy until he do himself , if you even believe that ... m.j. turn off the radio ... when light turn green , instead of move ahead , she just sit for a moment . then , furious with helen , with everything , she swear and wheel the car into a tight illegal u-turn . CUT to : ext . night berkeley campus - night it be extra time , which mean party time or that who have finish and solitary and group study time for the rest . and there be celebrant of the Festival of Love , who be be bear about the time of the original event . tracking shot to establish this scene , moving , searching along the avenue , passing knot of student and party -goe ... we have see a peaceful campus , quietly celebrate . and we have drawn up before chi omega . there be no place to park . m.j. , whose Pov this have be look at her watch . decide : fuck it , this be crazy and be about to drive away , shifting into gear when she spot : Pov . a gold colored vw bug it be park under a tree some distance across a parking lot jamme with student car . it be partly in shadow , so she could easily have miss it . she jump out of the car and move fast up the step through student , drink , kissing , study , argue ... int . chi omega - night MAIN meeting room . full of people milling about . Music be play . sees the back of a tall man on crutch talking to a coed . he have a load of book she take from he ; she be laughing . m.j. move fast toward they , she run into a girl , spilling the girl ' drink on she blouse ... girl goddamn it ! this be brand new ! where be you go ? as m.j. continue to move the girl grab she ... girl no , you do not spill all over somebody and just walk away , you damn well pay the clean bill ... m.j. Police business -- take you head off . girl bullshit ! m.j. hold up the badge ... m.j. do not make I pull the gun ... she jerk away , almost knock the girl down . the girl be yell , beginning to attract attention . as m.j. turn back to see . peter and the coed be just move off , the coed hold he book , he hobbling on the crutch . m.j. run through the crowd toward he , and that who notice be piss ... she be get close when , just as he and the coed would pass from sight behind a wall , peter look around , straight at m.j.. it isn't peter at all . m.j. looking around , move to stair to second floor ... m.j. emerging from stair into the corridor -- she run down this corridor of room , pushing OPEN any that be shut . a scare couple making love confront her gun . she reholster it and race down the hallway ... over the party noise and music we hear a scream . m.j. race down corridor , try to find the source . another scream . it seem to come from behind a close door . m.j. kick it OPEN , bursting in : int . room a bunch of stoned student passing a joint : on a tv player be the image of jamie lee curtis in a early shocker : they be playing at who can out - scream jamie lee curtis . when jamie lee curtis scream -- they all scream back ! and burst into howl of laughter . the sight of m.j. with her gun out only make they howl louder . student swallow the joint ! it 's barney phyfe -- in drag ! then altogether they scream at her ! and howl with laughter . the hall . m.j. walk out of the room and down the corridor . ext . chi omega front step she look out across the parking lot : the gold vw bug be gone . she walk to her car , relieved . the whole thing seem like a nightmare from which she have now awakened . int . m.j' car as she open the door , reach in and grab her phone . she activate phone , when she be blindsided by peter who slam her into the car , face down across the front seat . he disarm her , twist her into the passenger seat ... there be student at some distance , but she can't make herself be heard . she be groggy from the blow she' taken . he handcuff her to the car , find her keys , and begins to drive away ... peter' hair be now bright red -- like daryll lee cullum 's. CUT to : int . helen' apartment - night helen lie wide awake in the dark . phone ring . int . task force room - night insert : tape recorder attached to phone . it start to turn . at the far end of the room a FBI detective be pouring himself some coffee . he wouldn 't be able to hear what we hear : helen ( v.o. ) ( think it 's m.j. ) where be you ? peter ( v.o. ) hi . it 's you worst student , Peter foley -- how do you grade I now , Doctor ? helen on phone helen ( beat ) who be the man in the basement ? peter you like that action ? do not that cop on tv look solemn ? the guy in the basement do not matter , anyway , just another lonely heart . helen where be you , Peter ? peter you think I be go to do Ted Bundy next , so you send you partner ... helen gasp with the implication of that ... peter what be that ? what be I hearing ? the sound of a epiphany , a sudden blind insight ? helen it 's daryll Lee cullum , be not it ? peter mm-hmm . I can not get to you . you have to come to I . helen you know I can not do that . peter oh , I think you will . Peter rip duct tape off m.j. 's mouth ... m.j. ( yell ) call the police ! now ! call qui ... Peter punch m.j. who be handculled in she car ; they be park in front of the lecture Hall . helen for God 's sake Peter , leave she out of it . you do not want she , you want I . peter I need she ; she 's a cop . I have to kill a cop , and then ... helen you have be perfect . do not spoil the symmetry -- you have to have a male cop . peter I do not care -- she 's a cop . that 's the important thing . cop -ness , not sex - ness . it will not be perfect , but it will be good . m.j. ( yell ) call quinn and sak . peter I be tired . I want it to end tonight , do not you ? helen yes . I do . I want it to end now . let she go . I will come -- just let she go . she 's not important . peter you know where . helen where it begin -- mccluskey auditorium . he hang up . insert : tape monitor . we hear helen hanging up . a SMALL computer chip voice be heard . the FBI man be measuring sugar into he coffee at the other end of the room . he can 't hear : computer voice time Zero-hundred and twenty -- two minute and sixteen second June twelve 1994 helen Hudson 415 320 1854 Court order Alpha bravo 9765910 ... bathroom drawer it be pull open : metallic sound of bullet roll on the wooden drawer : she hand bat away the usual bathroom drawer garbage and pull ruben 's gun out ; her trembling finger reload it . ext . helen' outside hall - night helen wear loose coat , jeans and sneaker open the door . fred snap out of a sound sleep . helen it 's all over , Fred . they get the guy . you go home to you own bed now . fred I get to have that from my superior . one guy fire off this job already . helen call in . use my phone . they will tell you -- it 's all over . fred goe . helen step resolutely into the hall , for reassurance brace herself with a hand on the wall . the hallway ( her Pov ) . it seem mile long . SOUND : her front door clicking shut -- the same essential event as so long ago when ruben have to shoot off the door lock ... helen look back at the door . bridge burned . turn back . her hand on wall : as she move a tentative step her hand presses heavily , sliding along the wall . then her hand move a little faster , and faster . her Pov . the hall seem more normal . moving shot pick up speed ... her hand now brush the wall with only fingertip . helen move with more and more confidence : her agoraphobia be gone ... her hand drop to her side ... ext . her build - night the door open and helen appear in it . she confront the street and the night ... one more threshold to cross ... STREET : her old saab be parked . the antenna be gone , and it's cover with CITY grime . the night seem to roar ; the light blur and flare . a truck come past too fast , stir up dust and buffete she with wind . helen steeling herself and run the few step to she car . int . car as she slide into the driver 's seat , slamm the door and lock it . she drive off into the night . ext . muluskey auditorium - night a broad view through shadowy tree show it 's light facade . park in front of be m.j. 's car . suddenly from behind the tree , sak step out in front , blocking the way ! reverse : helen' car be coming up the STREET toward US . sak ( and now we see other swat type in the shadow , hidden from the view of the auditorium ) stand in the STREET flagging her down -- she stop , putting down window . sak rest he hand on the door ... he shove no sign of recognize she ... sak ma'am , please get out of you vehicle ... helen merry , how ... oh , Christ , of course , you have my phone tapped . sak just get out of you vehicle ... helen he 's get sergeant halloran in there . he will kill she the minute he see or hear you people ... sak you have be very useful , Doctor , we appreciate all you have do , and now the professional will take over ... helen he want I , he do not care about she . let I ... sak have the door OPEN and be reaching to pull her from the driver' seat ... helen suck in her breath and jam on the gas . sak be almost dragge away with her , spun around and falling on the pavement . she slam the door as she speed toward the auditorium ... sak , cursing , leap to he feet ; a swat type aim he gun after helen , but sak put he hand on the weapon stopping he from shoot . new angle : helen 's saab speed out of the tree shadow street into the bright plaza in front of the auditorium , and brake behind m.j. 's car . close : helen . sudden silence when she kill the car engine . she get out of the car . as she walk even she sneaker make a echo from the silent stone facade ... she walk up the wide stair ... int . auditorium - night the huge door creak open and helen enter . she stand , listen : light stream in from the exterior through tall window , otherwise it 's all back shadow , weird enough without the distort vision , the vertigo that momentarily return ... helen will herself to move into the deep space before she . she stand listen : we hear the creak and tiny snap of a building cool in the night air . or be the movement of Peter somewhere in the room ? she whirl to face a distance sound that echoe in the auditorium ... close : helen stare , try to see . nothing . then : peter be staring back . he face become daryll lee . the vision snap . helen : she turn and walk past the rostrum of the stage to a door upstage left ... open into a long and dark corridor . she grope for light switch , can't find out any . the corridor lead to the lady ' room on the right . as she walk down the hallway , it begins to resemble to her the same walk she take at the beginning : and suddenly at the door to the lady ' room she seem to see the fat cop . she shake her head and the vision be gone . replaced by int . lady ' room . the cop be now held from behind by daryll lee - smiling at helen . in reverse , we see for the first time that helen have the rope well away from her neck . we realize she have ample time to warn the cop , but she be paralyzed , fascinated by what be happening in terrible slow motion intercut between daryll lee grinning at her , helen' helpless horror , the cop' appealing look to her and back to daryll lee as ( below the frame ) he sly the cop' throat and lets he fall to the floor . helen ( flashback ) at last begins to scream ! close : helen ( present ) recovering . ( she hasn't scream at all . ) she pull ruben' gun from her pocket and shove OPEN the door into the lady ' room . as the door open . the light be on : it be brilliant , blinding in here . she step in . there be a SOUND that draw her round , her gun coming up : back of the door be the broom closet ... she fire two round into the closet door . it spring OPEN and mop and pail fall thunderously out onto the tile floor . she whirl to cover her back ; face the stall . ext . sak ' roadblock - night they react to echoes of the gunfire . swat oh , man ?! let we in there . sak go. go. go! Men begin move cautiously out of the tree and shadow toward the auditorium ... int . lady ' room helen move along the stall pushing door OPEN . until she shove one OPEN and sees : m.j. be hanging by a noose , dangling the same way helen did in the open sequence . she be alive , holding the noose from her neck by one hand ... helen start to rush to her assistance , when the light go out . peter take her from behind , swiftly disarming her , regarding the gun with amazement . peter you cheat ! you say you would come die with I . without pause he pump two bullet into m.j. where she hang . her body jump from the impact of the bullet , her head fly back and she slump , the noose tightens ; the door of the stall swing slowly shut , as peter turn on helen , where she lie on the floor , horror-struck . ext . auditorium - night with efficiency and caution FBI swat type move toward the auditorium . a grappling hook be thrown high over the roof ; they prepare for a assault . a helicopter swoops in , bathing the scene in its brilliant light ... int . auditorium stage - night peter have helen on the stage where chair be randomly scatter and pushed her to a seat facing he , almost knee to knee ... helen will use her psychological wile to try to take away peter' control of the situation ... peter look up at the SOUND ... he be proud and thrilled . peter listen to they ! we will be on all three channel . helen kill I , Peter , do it , now . peter no . not yet . helen do it . if that 's what all this carnage be about , then do it . have enough gut to do it . peter do not talk to I about courage . I know death , what it 's like to kill . you be not a killer -- you watch daryll Lee kill that cop and you do not make a peep , because you be paralyze with fear . you chock . I know something else about you . Peter be jerk about with amphetamine energy ; he pop a pill into he mouth and swallow ... peter you want one ? no ? there be something in you that be fascinate , that want to see what it be like for a man to die . everybody feel it . like every person who slow to see a bad accident , or run to see a fire . that 's true . I see it in you ... you be the same as I . there be noise outside ... like someone breaking in . peter oh , no . he grab her , and she move with he , without resistance , as he turn out the light inside . floodlights suddenly illuminate the facade outside , increasing the brilliance of the light streaming in and darkening the shadow further . german expressionism . he lead she back to the stage ... he push she into a chair face he ... he look into she face and smile ... peter we will keep talk . until they get here . then ... ( smile ) helen I have no life anymore . I ruin you life , make I pay for it . peter why do you do that ? do not you have any idea how hard it be for I , to get that far ? I worshipped you . you inspire I . I think you could understand I the way you understand the other . I know that about you -- the one you admire be the great murderer ; they fascinate you . helen that 's not who I admire -- I admire people who be good at what they do , great artist , writer , thinker ... peter I do not have the talent for any of that thing . all I have a talent for be death . and I be one of a kind . what do you think of you student now ? I have make you famous , I be you creation and you monument . behind he a shadowy figure dart from hiding spot to a vantage point : we can't make out the figure ... helen sees but peter doe not . helen if you let I , I can make you more famous than any of they . peter oh , please . I know what 's come , now . " let I help you ... " helen do anything you want to I . I give myself to you . only put the knife down . be not this what you always want ? I know it 's what we all want , to love and to love . I could love you . you could work together in some safe place , learn to really understand you , help you , give you some peace of mind , some happiness ... peter back in the driver 's seat again , Doctor ? that old dream -- study we to see what make we sick . so you can find a cure -- they would name it after you ? death be the only cure for people like I . he lean toward she with the knife . this might be the moment . his gun lie on the floor beside he . her eye have flicked to the shadow behind he ; he sees it and stoop to pick up the gun and fire into the shadow , two or three quick round . he turn back to helen , dropping the gun to reach for the knife . helen head butt he with astonishing strength , knocking he backward . she stand ... he come up with gun ... and aim at her ... behind he m.j. step out of the shadow having now a clean shot . helen doesn't give a clue , just look into peter' eye as m.j. and peter in slow motion detail as she line up her shot : she could kill he or go for the exposed shoulder . helen do it . for God 's sake , now ... m.j. fire . peter be spun away from helen by the impact , stand there , shaking with the SHOCK of the hit ... he stare at her . peter ( surprised , like a child ) you hurt I ! m.j. hold her gun on he , ready to shoot again , but he just goe down on one knee , he body violently shuddering ... as : there be a huge SOUND of breaking glass and then a enormous explosion that throws they to the ground . the big front door be blasted OPEN , and the flak vested swat team swarm through ... smoke from the concussion grenade swirl in the chiaroscuro of floodlights and shadow . out of the smoke come ski - masked swat men ... m.j. & helen no !! peter turn to the swat team , offering himself , as the women scream to the swat men' wounded and harmless ... a pattern of red dot from laser beam sight on the swat team rifle dapple peter' head and torso . swat team like a firing squad the team fire . peter' body fly through the AIR from the impact and slide sprawling across the stage to a stop . CUT to : int . auditorium - later m.j. sit as paramedic gently pull off her shirt and the bullet proof vest that save her life . m.j. Jesus that hurt . you think the rib be bust ? paramedic that look like just a bad bruise . I will tape it up if you want to ... m.j. I will take some tylenol and codeine , instead , how about a lot of number six ? the medic turn to he medicine bag . cop swarm around they . helen sit down next to m.j. m.j. begin to put on she shirt , wince at the movement . helen help she . m.j. ( it hurt ) oh , god. sak and quinn emerge through the chiaroscuro of smoke and light and shadow . when m.j. see he she take out she gun and hand it to he . it be what he expect , but she misunderstand -- she be offer it to he as she resignation from the cop . he take it only as a part of officer related shoot routine . she look into he face as he smell the muzzle , know she fire it , approved . quinn I will take it , kid . you take two week pay leave . do not waste a second think about that shitbag . then come back . you be a cop , m.j. he nod to helen ... quinn ( cont would ) get the civilian outta here . m.j. she 's in no shape to give she statement tonight ... quinn no , she can come in tomorrow ... gonna want to know a lot of thing ... b.g. the cop have pull peter' body by the feet , letting he bumpity bumpity bumpity down the step from the stage and lift he onto a gurney . the body be wheeled past they , as ... helen the only one who could tell you what you really need to know be dead . quinn yeah , it 's a think ... of no importance to he , he turn away ... int . auditorium - night in the lobby area between the auditorium proper and the big exterior door ( now the worse for wear from the concussion grenade ) . outside , through the glass we see a media circus under the bright light put up for the assault . m.j. and helen squint against the light , and turn ... the auditorium ( Pov ) . the cop and technician be work away ; at one side be a small door -- easy escape . they run toward it ... ext . mccluskey auditorium - night it be dark where they step out into the night . around the corner of the building we see the light from the media circus . then helen step off down into the dark campus . m.j. look at her : realizing : helen be no longer afraid . she catch up to her . hold on there back as they walk away ... m.j. you could use a long hot bath , you know that ? you better get somebody to drive you home . helen why can not I drive home ? I will . you . look at you . you need a ride home . and you do not even know it . m.j. ( beat ) well , thanks . the two woman continue down toward helen 's car , just outside the circle of media . camera rise and rise to a high full shot . the mouth and the haircut spot they and race toward they . susan hey ! halloran ! what 's the story here ? on the two woman get in the car ... helen if she have to ask , she 's never gonna know . high fullshot of the campus as they drive away into the night . the end