coraline written by Henry selick base on the novel by Neil gaiman head credit sequence mysterious sewing room - night , a haunting lullaby play against a black , star- prick sky when something appear in the distance . a button -eyed doll float towards camera , through the open window of a small sewing room where it land in a pair of waiting hand , hand that be make of sewing needle . the doll - which resemble a young black girl in old - fashioned clothes , hair fix with ribbon and braid - be place on a sewing table . a elaborate sewing kit be open , and , in flicker green light , the needle - hand go to work . the doll 's old clothes be cut away ; button - eye tear off ; hair pull out . the doll 's stuff be remove and then the empty cloth body be pull inside out , turn from nut brown to pale pink . sawdust be pour in the new doll 's mouth ; facial feature add ; blue yarn hair punch in ; and then a fresh pair of shiny black button eye be select from a button drawer . the transformed doll , in a little yellow raincoat , its new button eye affix , be release out the window and back into the night . last head credit appear , then fade . ext pink palace , ashland oregon - day wide angle on a rambling old Queen anne-style house with tack - on outside stair . it 's late winter , the sky a damp , grey sponge . a sign in the foreground read " pink Palace , apartment for Rent " . mr. bobinsky - a seven-foot - tall blue-skinned man - perform calisthenics on the rooftop , count in Russian . mr. bobinsky dras , dva , try , chetyri . dras , dva , try , chetyri . dras , dva , try ... a beeping SOUND begin and he pause . a tired moving van back into frame and up the muddy driveway . a vw beetle - suitcase roped to its top - recklessly pass the truck and disappear around the side of the house . bobinsky shake he fist angrily after the car and shout : mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) mer-sa-vich ! he march away indignantly . one of the mover , unseen in the truck , speak to he companion . mover 2 ( o.c. ) we be here . time to muscle up . angle on move truck 's rear door as they be wrench open by two man - mover 1 , tall and bear-shape , and mover 2 , build like a brick top - to reveal a lot of box and beat - up furniture . they haul out the loading ramp towards camera . new angle , exterior stair to basement flat . april spink , a rotund little old English lady with bad leg , survey the mover as they pass by she chair - lift with box and furniture . the old gal can not wait to tell she flat mate below about the young , strapping man . mover 2 ( cont 'd ) ( effort ) get it ? almost there , just a few more . come on , now , lift . angle on front porch . the job finish , mover 2 head down the front step while mover 1 wait for a signature from the unseen- but-for-his - hand new tenant . paper sign , a tip of a single , grubby dollar bill be place in the outstretch hand of the disappointed mover , and the door be shut . ext house , rear view - same angle from back yard . hiding behind shrub , we share the Pov of a mysterious spy . with a click , a close - up lens be rotate into place to better see the mover quietly pack into the truck and drive away . a mangy black cat walk right in front of the lens and look at we with concern . off - screen , a door bang open . we follow the cat as it race up a tree and out a branch towards the back porch to investigate . coraline jone , 11 , step onto the porch in a yellow raincoat with a shoulder bag . we - spy' Pov - click to a close - up to find this new tenant have blue hair and a skeptical face . new angle , non -spy reverse , on coraline as she glance furtively over she shoulder , then hop down the step and move diagonally away from the house . new angle , spy Pov . we watch coraline head towards the woody shrub we have hide ourselves in . we duck down . angle on coraline , non -spy , shrub by garden gate . she reach into the shrub and break off a forked branch . she remove the stick 's red leave , aim it like a dowsing rod and head into the garden . cam push in to shrub as the spy rise up , wear a three - eye skeleton mask on he head and skeleton glove on he hand . the black cat hop into frame , glance at the spy and follow the girl . montage various ext - same afish pond in garden - same coraline explore the drain , crumble pond . she find a old turtle shell in the muck and hold it up . after rapping on it to make sure it 's empty , she put the shell into she shoulder bag . angle on caroline , spy Pov . we push aside dead vine from the railing of the garden bridge for a better look . coraline aim she fork stick once more then follow it up from the pond and out the back gate . a gust of wind blow dead leave into a swirl eddy we track high up into the air . dissolve to : rocky path high above house - little later spy Pov on sky , now dark with gathering STORM . Hidden behind a natural wall of stone , we tilt down to view coraline crossing frame on a steep hillside path . she step on a old railroad tie , and she foot sink into the rotted wood , stop she . we lean out for a better view , and dislodge some stone that roll down past she . we duck as she jerk she head we way . new angle , non-spy . unnerve , coraline call out . coraline hello ?... who 's there ? she throw a rock over the wall of stone , hit the unseen spy , cause a cry of pain . animal ? human ? freak out , she gasp , run up the trail . new angle , spy Pov . we rise up to watch and the black cat hop onto the stone wall . ext . overgrown orchard - cont . coraline race down past a old tractor and into a orchard . wind begin to blow . new angle as we move beside coraline through the old apple tree , where she nearly trip on the tongue of a harvest cart . down angle on on coraline as she back into a circle of toadstool in front of a stump . breathing hard , she look out for she pursuer . new angle . the black cat shoot past coraline in the tall grass . she can not see he but she know something be there . already behind she now , the cat leap onto the stump with a loud , warning merowww ! startled , coraline yell and whip around . she 's both angry and relieved when she see it 's just some cat . coraline you scared I to death , you mangy thing ! cat glare at she with blue opal eye , make a low growl as she stand . she exhales . coraline ( cont 'd ) I be just look for a old well . know it ? cat blink eye slowly . coraline ( cont 'd ) not talk , huh ? the wind pick up . she grasp the fork of she stick , close she eye , and , trace a figure eight above she , say : coraline ( cont 'd ) Magic dowser , magic dowser : show ... I ... the well ! angle on coraline from high bluff . the spy move into frame , astride some kind of motor - bike . he press a button on the handlebar and blast a loud AIR horn . startled , coraline spin around . up angle on spy . as lightning flash and thunder roll , coraline see he for the first time . with he turret - lense skull mask and skeleton glove and black fireman' coat flap in the wind , he look like a psycho killer ! coraline ( cont 'd ) ( freak out ) ahhhhh ! he revs he motor , pop a wheelie , then swoops down the bluff towards she . she hollers in fear , then try to whack he with she fork stick . coraline ( cont 'd ) get away from I -- he snatch it from she as he pass , knocking her to the ground . he side - skid he bike , hop off and jump up onto the stump . look ten feet tall from the ground , thunder and lightning at a peak , the spy turn he three - eyed turret lens and study she like a predatory alien . and then , the thunder and lightning just fade out and this psycho-killer , three - eye spy pull off he mask and coraline gasp -- he 's just a short kid in a costume . shoulder hunch , neck bent , the spy - real name wybie lovat - age 12 - examine coraline 's fork stick , aim it around . wybie ( oblivious ) hoo ! let I guess , you be from Texas or Utah ; someplace dry out and barren , right ? I hear about water - witching before but it do not make sense ; I mean , it 's just a ordinary branch . coraline , snatch it from he glove hand . coraline ( enraged ) it's a dowsing rod ! coraline smack wybie . wybie ow ! coraline and I don't like be stalked , not by psycho - nerd or there cat ! he crouch , nervous , to scratch the cat behind he ear . wybie he 's not really my cat ; he 's kinda feral ­ you know , wild ? of course , I do feed he every night and sometimes he will come in my window `n bring I little dead thing . the cat purr like a diesel . coraline ( tough ) look , I be from pontiac . wybie huh ? coraline michigan ? and if I be a " water witch " , then -- ( point stick , stomp foot ) -- where 's the secret well ? wybie you stomp too hard and you will fall in it ! coraline react , hop out of the springy circle . the boy scrape at the ground , revealing a circular covering make of wooden plank . he wedge a fall branch under one side , and , use a rock for the fulcrum , pries up the cover . wybie ( cont 'd ) see ? suppose to be so deep if you fall to the bottom and look up , you would see a sky full of star in the middle of the day . coraline ( softens ) huh . her frown relaxes and the black cat tilt he head , notice she change in tone . he step off the branch , and the well cover thump in place . wybie surprise she let you move in ... jerk he head toward the pink house in distance . wybie ( cont 'd ) ... my gramma . she own the " pink Palace " ( indicate house in distance ) wo not rent to people with kid . coraline what do you mean ? wybie ( suddenly worried ) uh ... I be not suppose to talk about it . change the subject , he lift a glove hand to shake . wybie ( cont 'd ) I be wybie , wybie lovat . coraline ( skeptical ) wybie ? wybie short for wyborne . not my idea , of course . what would you get saddle with ? coraline I be not saddle with anything . it 's coraline . wybie caroline what ? coraline coraline . coraline Jones . wybie ( confuse , not hearing it ) hmmm ... it 's not real scientific , but I hear a ordinary name , like caroline -- her face go as dark as the rain cloud above . wybie ( cont 'd ) -- can lead people to have ordinary expectation about a person -- wybie' grandmother ( o.c. ) ( call from afar ) wyborne ! coraline I think I hear someone call you , wyborne . wybie what ? I do not hear anything -- coraline oh , I definitely hear someone , why -were - you - bear . a distant dinner bell clang . wybie' grandmother ( o.c. ) wyborne ! wybie ( under he breath , nervous ) grandma ! he hold up he hand in surrender , nodd with eye close , force some laugh . wybie ( cont 'd ) heh . well , great to meet a Michigan water witch . he pick up he bike , wheel it around , then hold up he glove hand . wybie ( cont 'd ) but I would wear glove next time . coraline ( skeptical ) why ? he point to she dowsing rod , nod . wybie ( cont 'd ) ` Cause that dowsing rod of yours ? uh , it 's poison oak . coraline ehh !! coraline drop the stick as he zoom away and wipe she hand on she clothes . the cat merow at she , shaking he head with a pity look , then trot away after wybie . she stick out her tongue at he . she look down at the covering to the well . coraline find a pebble and drop it through a SMALL knot -hole . ear at the knot-hole , she count until there 's a watery " plop " far below . fat raindrop start to fall around she . rotate dissolve to : int . kitchen - next morning it 's pouring out . coraline look out a window at the dead - looking garden , and place packet of seed - pumpkin , squash , snap dragon , bleed heart - on the sill . she 's develop a reddish rash - poison oak - on one hand . the main floor kitchen , like most thing in the pink Palace , be barely maintain , and look wear and fade . coraline 's mother , mel jone , 40 , bang away at she laptop on the table , moving box stack nearby . she 's plain-look and tired and wear a neck - brace . coraline I almost fall down a well yesterday , Mom . mel ( not listen ) uh huh . coraline I would have die . mel ( continue type ) that 's nice . coraline scratch the rash on she hand , change subject . coraline hmmm . so can I go out ? I think it 's perfect weather for gardening . mel no , coraline . rain make mud . mud make a mess . coraline turn to she . coraline but Mom , I want stuff grow when my friend come to visit . be not that why we move here ? mel something like that . but then we have the accident . coraline be not my fault you hit that truck . mel I never say it be . coraline ( mutter ) I can not believe it -- you and dad get pay to write about plant and you hate dirt . mel stop type , lose she patience . mel coraline , I do not have time for you right now . and you still have unpack to do . lot of unpack . coraline that sound exciting . mel remember something . mel ( cont 'd ) oh - some kid leave this on the front porch . coraline walk over and be hand a newspaper -wrapped package . attach note read : wybie ( v.o. ) hey jonesy , look what I find in gramma 's trunk . look familiar ? wybie . she rip open the package and find the button - eyed , blue - haire , yellow raincoat - wearing doll from the head credit - it 's a litte coraline ! coraline ( to herself ) huh ... a little I ? that 's weird . she crumple the note , both annoyed and charme . mel what 's he name , anyway ? coraline wybie . and I be way too old for doll . but coraline take it with she and leave the room . int . study - same charlie Jones , 40 , goose - neck and gangly with thinning dark hair , hunt - and - peck at he ancient computer , surround by box of gardening magazine and empty coffee cup . coraline , with doll , open the squeaky door . he do not turn . coraline hey dad , how 's the write go ?... dad ? he ignore she reflection in he computer screen as he type away , green letter on black . she clear her throat . charlie hello , coraline ... ( notice doll 's reflection ) and ... coraline doll ?... coraline D ' you know where the garden tool be ? he hear rain outside . charlie it 's pour out there , be not it . coraline humph , it 's just raining . charlie what would the boss say ? coraline ( mocking ) " do not even think about go out , coraline Jones . " charlie then you will not need the tool . coraline groans , stamp she foot . Charlie just tap harder on the key . pout , she make the door squeak , open and shutting it till he can not take any more . he spin around . charlie ( cont 'd ) uhhh , you know , this house be a hundred and fifty year old . coraline so ? charlie so explore it ! he grab a pen and pad , hold it out . charlie ( cont 'd ) go out and ... count all the door and window and write that down . list everything blue ! ( begging ) just let I work . she roll she eye , take paper and pen and leave . montage , various - same hallway near stair coraline , with doll , jump on bump in carpet that move with each jump . laundry room / winter garden she wipe off the mist glass so she and the doll can see out , then write in she pad : 7 leaky window . a drop of water land on the pad , smear the ink . she add really between 7 and leaky window . hallway near stair coraline thump the carpet bump again and pound up the stair . parent room / bathroom a framed photo sit in the foreground on a beside table . it show a young , happier coraline with she parent by the bear fountain at the Detroit Zoo . rack focus to bedroom door as it swing into the room , with coraline hang on it . she drop to the ground and , doll and pad in hand , decide to check out the bathroom . when she pull aside the mildew shower curtain she find a hundred skitter silverfish bug . coraline ewww ! disgust , she jump into the tub and smashes as many as she can . she turn on the faucet to wash she hand , only to get soak with rusty water from the shower head . coraline ( cont 'd ) ahh !! she shake out she hair . hallway near stair coraline pound down the stair , spot the carpet bump again in the hallway and jump on it . a closet door open , a light on inside , and she go to investigate . water heater closet angle over water heater on coraline . she jot down one rusty water heater in she pad . as she leave , she flick off the light switch , not notice a note tape beside it that say : do not turn off ! int . study - same light flicker and then Charlie 's computer die . he holler . charlie no , no , no , no , no ; gaaaa --! int . hallway - same charlie ( o.s. ) -- aaaaaaa ! coraline react with guilty alarm , run back to the closet and -- int . closet - same -- spot the do not turn off note . she flip the light switch back on and get out of there . int . live room - same the room be fade and cold with bare window look out on rain and gray . the floor be strewn with move box , a few piece of furniture , Charlie 's old Nordic track . a few garden tool lean against one wall ; a cardboard mattress box lean against a corner wall . coraline enter , count window and door to note in she pad . she set the doll on a low table beside a open move box and smile . the box be fill with she mom 's collection of snowglobe . she take out she favorite - the bear fountain at the detroit zoo - and shake it . she study the globe and sigh with homesickness . she set it carefully on the fireplace mantel , then unwrap the rest of the snowglobe and place they beside it . over the mantel hang a painting of a crying boy in blue - a scoop of ice cream melting on he shirt , he hand hold a empty cone . coraline take up pad and pen and add to she list , mutter aloud . coraline one boring blue boy in a painfully boring painting ... four incredibly boring window ... and no ... more ... door ... she turn to grab the doll off the table by the snow globe box . it 's go . coraline ( cont 'd ) all right , little I , where be you hide ? scan the room , she spot the doll looking out from behind the mattress BOX lean against the corner wall . perplex , she walk over and kneel down to grab the doll when she notice something on the wall behind the box . she shove the box aside , and discover the outline of a SMALL door that 's be wallpaper over . coraline ( cont 'd ) huh ? intensely curious , she call to the kitchen . coraline ( cont 'd ) hey Mom ... int . kitchen - continuous Mom , type away , ignore she . coraline ( o.s. ) where do this door go ? mel I be really , really busy ! int live room - continuous coraline try to open it but there 's no handle . coraline I think it 's lock . mel ( o.s. ) int . kitchen - continuous coraline ( o.s. ) pleeeeeeeeease ! mel get up , really annoyed . Big sigh . mel uhhh ... int . live room - same she walk over to coraline , look at the outline of the door in the ratty old wallpaper . mel will you stop pester I if I do this for you ? coraline nod she head quickly , panting like a dog . mel ( cont 'd ) Fine . she head back to the kitchen . int kitchen - continuous mel pull open a drawer , push a bunch of loose brass and nickel key aside to find a small , sharp black key . hold it up . int live room - continuous mel cut the wallpaper around the door and stick the key in the lock . coraline look on , giddy with anticipation , the doll at she side . mel turn the key , unlock the door , and pull it open to reveal ... a unbroken brick wall . coraline be totally disappointed . coraline brick ? I do not get it . coraline scratch she wrist rash with annoyance . mel they must have close this off when they divide up the house . mel get up to leave . coraline you be kid ? and why be the door so small ? mel leave room , turn back , and lose it . mel we make a deal . zip it ! she exit . coraline make annoyed sound . coraline you do not lock it . mel ( o.s. ) aaaaah !!! coraline push the little door shut , she head lower . ext . house - night wide angle on house . pour rain . we hear Charlie sing a song about coraline , badly . charlie ( o.s. ) oh , my twitchy witchy girl , int . kitchen - same charlie , use oven mitt to protect he hand , take a burned - up casserole dish from the oven while mom close up she laptop . coraline sit at the table with she doll . charlie I think you be so nice , I give you bowl of porridge and I give you bowl of ice -- charlie set the dish on the table . charlie ( really bad note ) -- cream ! coraline push it away , disgust . coraline why do not you ever cook , Mom ? mel coraline , we have be through this before : you dad cook , I clean , and you stay out of the way . coraline huff . mel ( cont 'd ) I swear I will go food shopping soon as we finish the catalog . ( indicate coraline 's plate ) try some of the chard , you need a vegetable . coraline look more like slime to I . charlie well , it 's slime or bedtime fusspot -- now what 's it go to be ? coraline look to she doll , cradle its head . coraline think they be try to poison I ? she make the doll 's head nod " yes . " coraline roll she eye , look up to the heaven and -- int . coraline's bedroom - same -- fall back , wash and dress for bed , on she pillow . still raining out . coraline put the doll on the chair beside she , then scratch at she wrist . origami dragonflies be strung between the tall , thin bed post ; the turtle shell she find in the garden sit up on a box , she night lamp that project star and moon be warming up on the bedside table . despite she effort at decorate , coraline 's new bedroom feel small and cold , crack and fade . coraline reach for a frame photo that rest on a toy praying mantis by she night lamp . it 's she two best friend from home , pose in the snow by she old school 's marquee , its letter rearrange to spell " coraline , good bye ! " she touch she friend ' face with she fingertip . coraline do not forget about I , guy . okay ? she put back the photo , hit the light switch over she bed and , look over at the doll , sigh . coraline ( cont 'd ) good-night ... little I . her breathe slow and , with the doll watching her , she start to fall asleep . int . coraline's bedroom - dreamtime -- surreal mist swirl out she window . moons and star slowly move across the wall . something in the room go t-t -t- t - t -t . coraline sit up , awake . something chiteer under she bed . she lean over she bedside , head first , peer underneath when a ghost - pale kangaroo mouse jump out and bound out the door . int . hall - same she give chase , down the upper hall , down the stair , snap on the lower hall light , see it hop into the live room . int . live room - continuous coraline enter . the mouse edge out from beneath the sofa , then hop frantically toward the SMALL door behind the wallpaper ! coraline run and dive , but the door be open a crack , and the mouse escape . coraline grab the door 's edge and pull it open . instead of a brick wall , there be a dark , expanding tunnel , with the hopping mouse head towards a bluish light at the far end . coraline whoa ... she catch she breath , pull the door wider and crawl through . int . passageway - continuous coraline move forward , towards the light ahead . int . other live room ­ continuous coraline step out through the same little door , into what look like the exact same live room she just leave , only something be different -- it feel deeper , more dimensional . coraline huh ? she look around , notice the painting over the fireplace : the cry blue boy be now smiling , he shirt clean and he ice cream back on he cone . from across the hall , warm light come from the kitchen and the smell of delicious food waft towards she nose . coraline ( cont 'd ) mmmmm , something smell good . int . other kitchen - night coraline enter to see she mother cooking at the stove , wear a apron and rooster -head oven mitt . the light and color be much warmer and the detail more perfect in this kitchen . other mother be face away from coraline as she work . coraline Mom ?! what be you do here in the middle of the night ? her mother turn from the stove to greet she and coraline be dumbstruck : she 's get button for eye ! she beam with happiness at coraline 's arrival . other mother you be just in time for supper , dear ! coraline you be not my mother . coraline ( cont 'd ) my mother do not have b-b-buh ... coraline point to she own eye . other mother b-b-b-button ? do you like they ? she tap one with she nail . other mother ( cont 'd ) I be you other mother , silly . now go tell you other Father that supper 's ready . she open the oven door and the intoxicating perfume of great cooking fill the air . coraline breathes it in , suddenly very hungry . other mother ( cont 'd ) well , go on . he 's in he study . int . other hallway - same coraline go down the hall and open the study door . int . other study - continuous she see the back of a man like she father , only with more hair . instead of tapping away at he computer , though , he 's pick note on a baby grand piano . coraline hello ? he turn around . he , too , have shiny button eye . he seem happier and a little more handsome than real dad , and wear a iridescent robe over polka dot pajamas , with orange monkey slipper on he foot . he smile broadly . other father hello , coraline . want to hear my new song ? coraline my father can not play piano . other father no need to ... this piano play I ! dr . seuss glove ­ connect with rod and pulley ­ pop out of the piano 's front and onto he hand . his hand raise up ­ then drop down to play pound stride piano as other Father sing out . other father ( cont 'd ) make up a song about coraline . she 's a peach , she 's a doll , she 's a pal of mine . she 's as cute as a button in the eye of everyone who ever laid they eye on cor - a-line . coraline be amaze as he hand fly . other father ( cont 'd ) when she come around explore Mom and I will never ever make it boring we eye will be on coraline . anxious , she tap he shoulder to stop he . coraline I , uh ­ sorry ­ but she say to tell you the food 's ready . other father mmmmm ! who 's starve ? raise you hand . he stick he hand up , still in a glove , and he other glove hand slap he face . she laugh , then cover she mouth . int . other dine room - same other mother set down a huge , roasted chicken near coraline on a table spread with candle , fine china and silver and a pineapple centerpiece . figure EIGHT model train track circle twin lazy susan cover in dish of potatoe , sweet peas , roll , and corn . the other Father seal this norman rockwell moment by make prayer hand and a solemn face . other father we give we thanks and ask to bless , we mother 's golden chicken breast ! he laugh with glee then a starting bell ring and it 's time to eat . other Father really dig in while coraline try some chicken . coraline mmmm , this chicken be good . other mother hungry , be not you . coraline ( nodd , mouth full ) D ' you have any gravy ? other mother well , here come the gravy train ! choo - choo ! other mother giggle as a model train circle round the track , pull a gravy boat car and blow its whistle . the train go in one side of the centerpiece and come out the other , slow till the gravy boat line up with coraline 's plate , where it pour gravy on she potato . other mother another roll , sweet peas ? corn on the cob ? other mother look on approvingly , not touch any food herself . coraline ( mouth full ) I be real thirsty . other mother of course ! any request ? a beautiful chandelier drink dispenser descend . coraline mango milk shake ? the dispenser spin , stop and fill she glass while other mother present dessert : a cake with candle that pop up and light themselves while the word " welcome home ! " write themselves in icing . coraline be take aback . coraline ( cont 'd ) Home ? her other Parents squeeze each other 's hand warmly . other mother we have be wait for you , coraline . coraline for I ? other father yep . be not the same here without you , kiddo . coraline remain a little unsure . coraline I do not know I have a other mother . other mother of course you do . everyone do . she smile at coraline , she button eye gleam . coraline really ? other mother uh huh , and soon as you be through eat , I think we would play a game . she tap she finger a little too excitedly on the table . coraline ( skeptical ) you mean like , hide and seek ? other mother perfect ! hide and seek in the rain . coraline what rain ? thunder , lightning , then rain appear outside the window . coraline ( cont 'd ) huh , what about the mud ? other father we love mud here ! other mother rise , walk towards coraline . other mother mud facial , mud bath , mud pie -- it 's great for poison oak . the take coraline 's rashy hand , but coraline pull it away . coraline ( suspicious ) how would you know I - - coraline adjust she tone . coraline ( cont 'd ) I , I would love to play , but ... I better get home to my other mother . other mother but I be you other mother . coraline ( befuddled ) I mean my other other mother . Mom number one ? ( yawns ) I think I should get to bed . other mother of course , sweetheart , it 's all make up . coraline ( shake head ) but ... other Father step in beside she . other father come along , sleepyhead . they lead she from the table towards the stair to she bedroom . int . coraline's other bedroom - same in this world , coraline 's bedroom be a dream come true : it be fill with rich color and light ; there 's a fire in the fireplace , a sheer , lacy canopy over she now beautiful bed . and she favorite toy be alive ! coraline wow . her origami dragonflies flutter towards she . dragonflies hello coraline , hello , hello ! her blue squid greet she with a wave of its tentacle . toy squid what 's shakin ' , baby ? coraline hello . the turtle shell she would find circle her feet on clothes pin leg , make panting sound . she laugh , then hear two voice from beside she bed . photo friend 1 ( o.c . ) ( michigan - speak ) hey , how zit goin ' , yuper ! photo friend 2 ( o.c . ) ( michigan - speak ) where 's you swamper and tuke ? she jump onto the bed , grab the photo of she best friend from home , now alive in the photo . coraline kripe a-mighty , how be my best troll ? I can not wait till summer . you be both comin' , right ? photo friend 1 we be already here , coraline -- photo friend 2 -- go to or-e-gine ! coraline grin hugely , then , exhaust , she yawn , stretch out she arm . the other mother , in the bedside chair , take she hand and apply some soothing black mud to coraline 's poison oak rash . coraline oh , the mud ... the other mother gently tuck she in then she and the other Father smile at coraline as she drift off to sleep . other mother other father see you soon ... see you soon ... pull back match dissolve : int . coraline's real bedroom - morning coraline awaken . she look around expect bright color , a magic dragonfly . but it 's just she normal room : move box ; crack in the ceiling -- nothing 's change . she notice the button - eyed doll on the chair where she leave it , where the other mother be sit . she pick it up , absentmindedly go to scratch she wrist . she stop , notice that the rash on she wrist be gone . coraline ( gasping ) it 's go , my poison oak , it 's go !... int . live room - same coraline go to the little door , still ajar . she peek behind and find the wall of solid brick . yes , it be only a dream . coraline ( softly ) huh ? she shake she head and push the door shut . the kettle blow from the kitchen . kitchen - day , ground fog out window Breakfast . mel and Charlie finish they " go lean Breakfast twig " and mug of instant coffee . preoccupy with they work , they half - listen as coraline recount she dream , she breakfast untouched . fog lie outside the window . coraline it be incredibly real , Mom ! only you be not really you ; you be my other mother . mel ( disapproving ) button for eye , huh ? ( indicate untouched food ) coraline , you only dream you eat all that chicken . take you multi-vitamin , at least . coraline you be in the dream too , dad . you have wild - look pajamas and orange monkey slipper . charlie ( pretend offense ) Orange ? my monkey slipper be blue . he stand , put he dish in the sink . whisper over he shoulder : charlie ( cont 'd ) ( optional ) pssst . can you get I some of that magic mud you be talk about ? she point to she rash - free wrist . he nod . charlie ( cont 'd ) because I have a terrible case of writer 's rash . on my ---. mel clear her throat , interrupt . mel if the real Charlie Jones want he page edit , he would better wrap they up asap . he crisply salute she , turn on he heel , and march out the door . mel get up to clear the table with coraline . mel ( cont 'd ) coraline , why do not you go visit downstairs ? I bet that " actress " would love to hear you dream . coraline miss spink and forcible ? but you say they be dingbat . mel ( nods ) uh huh . coraline sigh , get up to go . ext . house , front porch - morning it 's drizzle and a white fog have lower over the house and grounds . coraline ­ yellow rain poncho , garden shear in hand ­ open the front door . stepping out onto the porch , she trip on a big bundle of mail . annoy , she pick it up , start leaf through the envelope . coraline bo-bin-sky ... bo-bin-sky .... bo-bin-sky ... smell something bad , sniff the envelope . coraline ( cont 'd ) ohh , poo-eeeee ! she go down the front step and find a sign that read " bobinsky there " with a arrow that point up long , wind outside stair . with a " oh well " shrug , she go up . ext . house , bobinsky be - continuous at the top , she knock on the door , a little anxious . coraline h-hello ?... she knock again . coraline ( cont 'd ) I think we mail get mix up . should I leave it outside or ... the door swing open . curious , coraline peek inside : it 's dark and cramped with something boil on the stove and a cage chicken . coraline ( cont 'd ) hmmm ... suddenly a huge blue man swing down behind she and scold : mr. bobinsky see-kret ... she whip around to find mr . bobinsky - upside down , reach right at she face ! she duck and he reach past she to he actual target - he door knob - and pull it shut . the Russian giant , dress in a sleeveless T-shirt and short , pull a RAW beet from he pants . he 's not happy . mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) ( scowling ) famous jumping mouse Circus not ready , little girl ! coraline ( confuse ) Circus ?... oh , uh , I bring this for you . she hold out he mail . bobinsky take it , smell the stinky envelope deeply . nod approvingly . mr. bobinsky ( sniff ) mmmm ... noviseer . coraline huh ? mr. bobinsky New " cheese " sample . he swing down like a spider monkey and stand beside she on the balcony . coraline back away . mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) very clever , use this " mix up " to sneak my home and peek at meeshkas coraline meeshkas ? mr. bobinsky the mice ! coraline oh , sorry . I be coraline Jones . mr. bobinsky ( bow ) and I be the amazing bobinsky ! but you can call I Mr. B , because amazing I already know that I be . he smell he mail again , make pleased sound , then seem to fall off the side of the third story porch ! coraline rush over , look down . he cartwheel in from the porch railing behind she . mr. bobinsky ha ! you see , caroline , the problem be my new song go oompah oompah . but the jump mouse play only toodle toot , like that . be nice , but not so much amazing ? so now -- ( indicate smelly mail ) -- I switch to stronger cheese , and soon ­ vatch out ! he open he door , crouch low and turn . he hand she a bett . mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) here , have bett . make you strong . ( salute she ) daas vee daan ya , caroline . he scuttle inside and slam the door shut . coraline mutter . coraline cor-a-line . look at the bett , she make a disgust sound and toss it away , then head down the stair . ext house , south side yard - continuous when she get to the bottom , she start towards the back , gardening shear out . coraline ( to herself ) oompah oompah , toodle toot , toodle toot . mr. bobinsky ( o.c . ) ehhh ! caroline : pa- dazh - DI ' -- wait !! she look up . coraline no !!! bobinsky leap all the way to the ground , landing beside she , out of breath . mr. bobinsky the mouse ... ask I to give you message . coraline the ... jump mouse ? Mr. B nod gravely . he lean down , so close he moustache touch she ear , and whisper , he voice dead -serious . mr. bobinsky they be say : do not go through leetle door . do you know such a thing ? coraline be startle . coraline the one behind the wall paper ? but ... it 's all brick up . the old man shrug , straighten . mr. bobinsky bah . so sorry , be nothing . sometimes the mouse be leetle ... he point to he head and rotate he finger . mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) ... mix up , hmmm ? they even get you name wrong , you know . they call you coraline instead of caroline , not caroline at all . he start back up the stair . mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) maybe I work they too hard ... coraline stare after he . ext . house - moment later shear in hand , coraline approach the family vw , where one pink suitcase remain tie to the roof . she snip it free and take out she special hat , a black japanese schoolboy 's cap . ext . house , stairwell downstair flat ­ same coraline climb down the step to the basement flat . at the door , she try the comedy / tragedy door knocker and wait . nothing . she glance down at the doormat - it read " no whistling in the house . " she peer through the door glass . a yapping dog suddenly leap up inside , startling she , and a moment after , miss spink ­ wear some sort of house robe ­ open the door and three scottie dog ­ hamish , jock , and angus ­ shoot out and surround coraline . spink try to quiet they down . miss spink ( harsh ) oh cease you infernal yapping ! ( to coraline , sweetly ) how nice to see you , caroline . would you like to come in ? we be play card . coraline still coraline , miss spink . miss spink ( over shoulder ) Miriam , put the kettle on ! int . miss spink &amp ; forcible's flat - same miss spink lead coraline into the live area , as miss forcible , taller and sport a platinum wig and a very large bosom , prepare tea in the kitchen to the side . the dog race ahead and jump onto the sofa . coraline scan the wall to see frame poster from the " Shakespeare " the lady use to perform like King leer and julius seize her . miss forcible peer out she , half - blind without she glass . miss forcible April , I think you be be follow . miss spink it 's the new neighbor , Miriam - caroline ? she will be have the oolong tea . miss forcible no , no , no , no . I be sure she would prefer jasmine . miss spink no , oolong . miss forcible ah , jasmine it be , then . forcible grab a handful of tea , put it in the pot and pour boil water in . miss spink come on , boy ! the dog leap off the sofa and , as coraline take they place , she look to the side and see a tower bookcase fill with stuffed scotty dog in knitted sweater with angel wing . coraline ( alarm ) be that dog .... real ? miss spink ( sigh ) we sweet , depart angel . could not bear to part with they ... so we have they stuff . ( continue ) ( more ) miss spink ( cont 'd ) now , there 's hamish the third , the fourth , the eighth , the ninth . angus the second , the fifth , the .. miss forcible arrive with a tea tray and urge coraline to take a candy as spink go on and on . miss forcible oh go on , have one ­ it 's hand - pull taffy from Brighton ­ best in the world . coraline reach for a pink and green one . but the taffy be so old and sticky , she finger get stick . then she other hand get stick , try to get the first hand out . miss spink ( o.c. ) ... seventh , the third , the ninth , yes , the fourthI be right ; and jock junior , jock senior , jock the third , the fourth ... coraline , use she foot , finally un -stick the candy bowl which fly up and stick to the ceiling . miss spink ( cont 'd ) ...oh , and that 's jock 's 2nd cousin , twice remove . she turn to coraline , about to sip she tea . spink indicate cup . miss spink ( cont 'd ) I will read they , if you like . coraline read what ? miss spink oh , you tea leave , dear . they will tell I you future . drink up then , go on . coraline gulp down the bitter brew . miss spink ( cont 'd ) no , not all of it , not all of it . that 's right , now hand it over . coraline pass she the cup . spink put a saucer on top and swirl it three time , remove the saucer and peer in at the abstract leaf pattern . she purse she lip . miss spink ( cont 'd ) oh ... caroline , caroline , caroline ; you be in terrible danger . miss forcible snort . miss forcible oh , give I that cup , April , you eye be go . miss spink my eye ! you be blind as a bat ! spink pass the cup to forcible , who adjust thick glass and peer closely into it . miss forcible oh , now , ummm ... not to worry , child , it 's good news : there 's a tall , handsome beast in you future . coraline a what ? miss spink Miriam , oh really , you be hold it wrong . spink forcibly rotate the cup . miss spink ( cont 'd ) see ? danger ! coraline want more information . coraline what do you see ? the lady , head side by side , gaze into the cup . we see a spiky claw form from the leave . miss spink ( ominous ) I see a very peculiar hand ... forcible rotate the cup back again . upside down , the claw hand look like a giraffe . miss forcible I see a giraffe . miss spink giraffes do not just fall from the sky , Miriam . the stick candy dish suddenly crash to the floor . miss spink ( cont 'd ) oh ! miss forcible oh , lord ! coraline ask in a practical voice : coraline well , what should I do ? miss spink never wear green in you dress room . miss forcible acquire a very tall step ladder . miss spink and be very , very careful . now , be there something you come to tell we ? coraline think it over , then shake she head . coraline no , I guess not . thanks for the tea , though . she get up and leave , the dog immediately return to they sofa . miss forcible toodle-oo . miss spink cheery -bye . the lady resume they card game with miss spink turn to the dog . miss spink ( cont 'd ) do you have any nice queen for mummy ? ext . house , top of basement flat stair - same coraline climb the stair up to ground level , intrigue by she fortune . coraline ( to herself ) danger ? behind she , a periscope rise from the waist - deep fog . coraline just catch it in she peripheral view . she frown but do not let on she 's aware of it . she walk ahead nonchalantly , the periscope follow she , then suddenly turn and grab it , pulling up wybie , then punch he in the arm . wybie owwwwwwww ! coraline great , the village stalker . wybie ow . I - I be not stalking you . we be hunt banana slug . wybie take some salad tong from a tool belt , snap they . coraline what d'ya mean , " we ? " there 's a soft meow from under he coat . he open it up and the black cat emerge and climb onto he shoulder . coraline ( cont 'd ) ha ! you cat 's not wild , he 's a wuss - puss ! cat glare at she angrily . wybie what ? he hate to get he foot wet . geez . coraline ( mocking ) wuss-puss ... tire of she company , the cat jump off wybie , onto a tree and up onto the roof of the house . coraline soften . coraline ( cont 'd ) so ... that doll . do you make it look like I ? wybie , scan under the ground fog for slug , stick he head up for a moment . wybie oh no ; I find it that way . it 's older than gramma -- old as this house prob'ly . coraline be highly skeptical . wybie return to he hunt . coraline ( point to self ) c'mom - blue hair , my swamper and raincoat ? wybie stand excitedly and present a huge yellow -green slug to coraline . wybie dang , check out slugzilla ! she 's not impressed . coraline ( frustrate ) you be just like they . wybie huh ? he look from the slug to himself . coraline I mean my parent ; they do not listen to I either . wybie nod , not listen again , take he camera -- wybie uh huh ... you mind ? -- hand it to she . she act put - out , but frame a shot . he signal he 's ready and she fire off one auto-flash shot after another as he strike silly pose make SOUND effect : horrify of the slug one moment ; ready to eat it the next ; pretend it 's something from he nose in another . she can not help but giggle . coraline ew ! finish , wybie toss the slug back into the fog , and take the camera back . he lower he head , thoughtful , then glance up past coraline at the house . he sigh and speak in a sad tone . wybie you know , I have never be inside the pink Palace . coraline ( sceptical ) you be kid . wybie grandma would kill I . thinks it 's dangerous or something . coraline dangerous ? wybie well ... she have a twin sister . coraline so ? wybie ( o.c. ) . when they be kid , grandma 's sister disappear . ( on camera ) she say she be steal . coraline ( o.s. ) ( skeptical ) stolen ? angle from roof , over cat' shoulder as dialog continue . cat sense something and turn -- it 's coraline 's doll at the window , look like it 's spying on thing . coraline ( cont 'd ) well , what do you think ? wybie uhhh , I - I do not know . back to kide . wybie , astride he electric bike now , whistle and the black cat jump down from the roof , onto he shoulder . wybie ( cont 'd ) maybe she just run away ? we hear wybie 's agitate grandmother call out . wybie' grandmother ( o.c. ) wyborne ! wybie turn away : he 's say too much . wybie look , I gotta go . he start to pull away . coraline wait a minute ! and he 's go . push in on she pensive face . int coraline's bedroom - night cu on doll face , back in the chair by the bed . coraline take some yellow cheese from she pocket and put it by the door : mouse bait . she lie down and she breathe slow , the doll watch she with a nearly imperceptible smile on its face . int coraline's bedroom - later coraline sleep , lighting suggest another dream . some thing go t-t -t- t - t -t . coraline sit up , look to she door , and spot a couple of kangaroo mice steal the last bit of cheese . int . upper hall - same she give chase after the mouse , hopping down the stair with the cheese . int . live room - same coraline follow the kangaroo mouse directly to the little door , open a crack , where they disappear . she pull it open . brick be go ; tunnel reveal . she do not hesitate this time to crawl through the door . int . other kitchen - night coraline enter other Kitchen to find other mother prepare a delicious breakfast . she look prettier tonight ; she black hair shine , lip redder . she stop humming a lullaby to greet coraline . other mother welcome back , darling . coraline hi. she be grate yellow cheese into scramble egg . other mother so thoughtful of you to send this nice cheddar , coraline . coraline cheddar ?... oh , the mouse bait ... other mother would you go fetch you father ? beam at coraline . other mother ( cont 'd ) Bet he 's hungry as a pumpkin by now ! coraline you mean my other Father ? other mother you better father , dear . he 's out in the garden . coraline . but my parent do not have time to garden . other mother shush she and pop a strawberry in she mouth . coraline mmmmmm ! other mother go on ... coraline shrug okay , start for the door . ext study door to back porch - continuous look out , she see the break - down garden from the real world , still grey and lifeless in the dim light . ext . other garden - same coraline open the gate to the garden . a large crescent moon rise , and thing start to grow . two dead shrub start to rise , then blossom , then the blossom themselves be lit up by some gold and amber hummingbird . the hummingbird circle around coraline , light she dragonfly barrette , then continue on , lighting up pitcher plant that have grow up in a nearby flower bed . a beautiful frog poke out of one blossom . the bird lead coraline up step past a stone wall where bleeding heart grow , and glow , and beat . she spot the other Father , riding a praying mantis tractor on the hillside , plant seed that instantly grow into flowering plant . other father hey !!! coraline I love you garden ! he wave back , call : other father we garden , coraline ! a gang of SNAP dragon go at she , tickling coraline till she fall down . her squeal of delight grow into hysterical laughter . coraline ( giggling ) oh ah , stop ! stop tickle , ah ! the other Father hear this and look over . other father oops , daughter in distress ! he gun the tractor full - speed over a little bridge , grab a gourd trumpet from a vine and blow it . jack-o-lanterns surface in the pond below and spout stream of water . arrive beside coraline , he waggle he finger at the naughty snapdragon . other father ( cont 'd ) tickle no more , you dragon snapper ! then he deftly cut a bouquet of they and present it to coraline . she nod thanks . coraline well , she say it 's time for dinner ... breakfast ... food ? other father hop on , kiddo , I want to show you something ! she do . the other Father grab the gearshift knob , pull it , and the mechanical mantis sprout wing . they rise in the air . look down , she see that the garden be a portrait of coraline . coraline I can not believe you do this ! other father mother say you would like it ! Boy she know you like the back of she hand . he pull a lever and they zoom out of frame . int . other kitchen - same coraline do not hold back this time . she stack sausage on egg on top of waffle , roll it up and stuff it in she mouth . the other mother feed bit of sausage to the hungry snapdragon bouquet now in a vase . coraline mmmm ... so good ! other father I love dinner , breakfast food . other mother coraline , Mr. bobinsky have invite you to come see the jumping mice perform after dinner . coraline really . that know - it- all wybie say it be all in Mr. B 's head , I know he be wrong . other father well , everything 's right in this world , kiddo . coraline hurry to shovel in the rest of she meal , while she other Parents smile at one another . other mother you father and I will clean up while you and you friend head upstairs . coraline my friend ? there 's a knock at the door . other mother open it to reveal the other wybie . he 's cleaner , with better posture , and cute button eye . coraline ( cont 'd ) great ... another wybie . hello , why -were - you -born . the boy nod , button eye shine . coraline ( cont 'd ) hello ? he just make a shy smile , do not answer . she 's confuse . other mother I think you would like he more , if he speak a little less . ( shrug , smile ) so I fix he . coraline so he can not talk at all ? other mother nope . she look other wybie over appreciatively . coraline hmm , I like it . other mother ( proudly ) now run along , you two , and have fun . coraline head out the door with the mute boy . ext . other estate house - same the other House ­ light by amber spotlight look magical with ornate gingerbread trim ; glow topiary in the yard . the kid come out the front door . coraline you be awful cheerful , consider you can not say anything . other wybie nod in agreement . coraline and he start up the stair to bobinsky 's . coraline ( cont 'd ) uh ... it do not hurt , do it , when she ... she point to she mouth . there 's a awkward moment and then he point past she , excitedly : a SMALL blimp be fly towards bobinsky 's door . they run up the stair and watch it slip through a open above he door . coraline knock and the door suddenly spin , throwing they inside . int . other mr . bobinsky's flat - same they somersault to a stop and sit up . down two row of SMALL cannon that face each , a amazing miniature circus have be set up , with a ferris wheel beside it . coraline whoa ... cool ! coraline go right to the ferris wheel where a mechanical chicken eat dry corn on the cob , fire up its belly , then poop out popcorn into paper bag . other wybie stomp a fire button and cotton candy shoot out of a cannon . he catch the cone , then start fire off all the cannon . coraline look back to find he cover in the cotton candy . coraline ( cont 'd ) look at you ! spotlight come on in the big top , the entrance open , and a big voice be hear over loudspeaker . other mr . bobinsky ( o.s. ) Lady and gentleman ! for to tickle you eye and ear and make heart to thump , I ­ sergei Alexander bobinsky ­ be introduce ... they race to the entrance , stoop down to crawl inside . int . miniature big top - same other mr . bobinsky ( o.s. ) ... my as-tound-ishing , stu-pen-dulous and ah-mazing jumping mouse Circus ! they sit between miniature grandstand and watch as the little blimp , bath in spotlight , enter through a flap . it circle around , rise to the top of the tent , then nose -dive towards the ground ! it crash in the center of the circus ring , and open like a flower from which 50 jumping mice spring up like chinese acrobat to spell out C o R a L I N E . coraline ( delighted ) my name ! the jump mouse leap to the ground in formation , brandish tiny instrument , and drummer start pounding . the drum major mouse parachute down and whip out a baton . on he signal , the group launch into a wild russian circus MARCH . coraline , grin , turn to the other wybie . coraline ( cont 'd ) it 's wonderful , wybie ! the boy smile and nod to the beat of the bass drum as the hopping band march in and out of ever change formation - pinwheels , X 's , circle within circle . they hopper begin to spiral to the center of the circus ring when the floor rise up from its center to form a six - foot Tower of babel , the mouse hopping to the top . the drum major balance on the tippy - top on a colorful circus ball . coraline ( cont 'd ) wow ! he run the ball down and around the spiral as the mice hop off , and when he hit the ground , the tower drop away to reveal the other mister bobinsky ! he crack a whip . coraline and other wybie stand and clap . other bobinsky ­ in a ringmaster's outfit with a full length cape ­ bow graciously , doffing he tall black hat . his moustache be wax , he eye black button . coraline ( cont 'd ) yah ! whooo-oooh ! that be great ! other mr . bobinsky very very thank you , lady and gentleman . on cue , the entire jump mouse band disappear into other mr . b's sleeve while the drum major swing up from the man 's moustache and onto he head , where he 's quickly hide by the tall black hat . coraline we love it , Mr. B. it be ... so ... so -- other mr . bobinsky ( coaching ) ahhhhhh --- coraline a-maze ! other mr . bobinsky you be very velcome anytime you like , you and also you good friend there . she happily turn to other wybie , beam with joy . other mr. bobinsky ( cont 'd ) dosvedanya , coraline . bobinsky take she hand to kiss it . int . coraline's other bedroom - same other mother kiss sleeping coraline be forehead , sit back in the bedside chair . other Father , close by , pull a cotton candy cone off other wybie and munch it . coraline 's other Parents smile warmly , know something secret that make they glad . pull back match dissolve : int . coraline's bedroom - day early morning . coraline once again wake in own bed in the real world , the little doll ­ leave on the chair ­ now clutch against she chest . coraline ughhh . her gaze move from the doll to where she leave the cheese by the door . it 's gone . this be much too confusing . int . live room - same coraline try the small door in the corner wall . it 's lock . what the heck ? ext . SMALL office build in town - day --squealing brake , as the Jones ' jeep pull up in front of " Northwest Garden " headquarters . townsfolk in shakespearean costume stand about , advertising a local festival . coraline be share she latest dream : coraline ( v.o. ) . ... there be garden squash like balloon animal and snap dragon . on family : coraline continue from back seat as she father and mother review they work page . coraline ( cont 'd ) oh , and upstairs I see a real mouse circus , not pretend like the crazy man 's in we house . her parent , preoccupy , ignore she . charlie you sure you will not come ? mel ( indicate neck brace ) do not fret , Charlie , they will love the new catalog . at least , they will love my chapter . give she a " be not you funny " look , open door . mel look back at coraline . mel ( cont 'd ) I do not call he crazy , coraline . he 's drunk . she make the hand - thumb bottle sign . Charlie lean in to coraline , pinch she nose . charlie well , I guess I will see you around , you dizzy dreamer . coraline cut he off , embarrassed . coraline da- ad ! I be not five anymore . dad sigh , head up the step to he appointment as mel and coraline drive off . int . uniform department store - same president's day sale . mel pile gray blouse , a navy skirt , white sock onto the arm of a clerk . sitting alone on some stair , coraline see a pair of fancy GREEN and orange glove . as she try they on , a young rascal in costume with sword bounce past she down the stair on a wheeled step stool - he father in pursuit . young rascal my kingdom for a hooooooorse !!!! there 's a off screen crash , then the step stool roll back to coraline . she get a idea . mel be check out school blouse , when coraline roll past , first one direction , then the other , modeling the colorful glove . without look up , she mom tell she : mel put they back . coraline but Mom , the whole school 's gonna wear boring gray clothes . no one will have this . mel put they back . coraline mutter : coraline my other mother would get they . mel maybe she should buy all you clothes . coraline scowl and stomp away to return the glove . int . car - same coraline and mel be drive home , shopping bag in back . coraline so what do you think 's in the other apartment ? mel I do not know . not a family of Jones imposter . coraline then why would you lock the door ? mel ( short than previous ) oh , I find some rat crap and ... I think you would feel ... safer . coraline they be jump - mouse , Mom ! and the dream be not dangerous ; they be the most fun I have have since we have move here . mel you school might be fun . coraline with that stupid uniform ? right . mel have to give it a try . they pull into they driveway . int . kitchen - same mel pull out salsa , mustard , catsup , stale tortilla from the fridge . mel how do you feel about a mustard - ketchup - salsa wrap for lunch ? coraline , carry in the bag from outside , make a face . coraline be you kid I ? mel mmm ... have to go food shopping anyway . dad 's plan something special . coraline squinch up she nose . coraline gross-gust . mel ( brightens ) you wanna come along ? you can pick out something you like . coraline plop down in a chair . coraline oh , like the glove ? mel reach out and muss coraline 's hair . the girl pull away . mel look , coraline ... if thing go well today , I promise I will make it up . coraline that 's what you always say . Mom roll she eye , shaking she head , and open the door to leave . mel wo not be long . shut the door . coraline ( mutter ) but I might be ... she leave . int . kitchen - same coraline pull open the key drawer , look for the small black key . not there . she look around , then spot it hang on a hook above a door . she stand on a chair and snag it . int . live room - same coraline stoops in front of the small door and push the key into the keyhole and unlock the door . she listen for she mother 's car . nothing . grasp the key between thumb and forefinger , she close she eye , she pull the door open . angle on coraline : a soft breeze move she hair . she know before she eye open that the brick be gone . coraline ( triumphant ) I know it be real ! she open she eye , smile , and crawl forward . angle on coraline through window . camera pull back and we find the black cat , perch on the wet window sill , observing coraline as she disappear into the tunnel . with a look of concern , he exit frame . int . other kitchen - night lunch be ready and wait for she : foot - long hotdog with relish ; grill cheese sandwich with gherkin ; curly -fries ; pile of coleslaw and potato salad ; five flavor of soda-pop . there 's a note attach to a gift - wrapped BOX : other mother ( v.o. ) dearest coraline , m iss spink and miss forcible have invite you downstairs after lunch . I hope you like the new outfit I make you ! Love , mother . coraline tear open the box and find a pair of beautiful blue boot , black corduroy trouser , and a metallic grey sweater with twinkling star . she hold up the sweater to she body , smile , then put down the clothes and dig into lunch . ext . other house - same coraline , dress in she fancy new clothes , step onto the front porch and burp . it 's always nighttime in this world . a cat meeerow . coraline look up to see a black cat on the porch roof above she . coraline raise she brow , study the animal a moment . coraline hmmm ... wybie 's get a cat like you at home . not the quiet wybie ; the one that talk too much . you must be the other cat . the cat leap down and land on the railing by the basement stair . he shake he head and speak ! cat no. I be not the other anything . I be I . he tip he head to one side , opal blue eye glint . coraline be surprised . coraline um ... I can see you do not have button eye . but if you be the same cat , how can you talk ? the cat shrug from the tip of he tail to he whisker . cat I just can . he leap smoothly from the railing and onto a large , fallen tree . coraline cat do not talk at home . cat no ? coraline nope . climb up the tree 's upend root , head hold high and proud . cat ( dryly ) well , you be clearly the expert on this thing . after all , I be just a big fat wuss puss . coraline come back . please ? I ... I be sorry I call you that , I really be . coraline force herself to be polite . coraline ( cont 'd ) how would you get here ? cat I have be come here for a while . he disappear behind one a thick root that stick up , then reappear from a large knot hole beside coraline , startling she . cat ( cont 'd ) it 's a game we play . she ... ( indicate house ) ... hate cat and try to keep I out . but she can not , of course . he poke he head down into the knot hole , then pop it up out of another knot - hole , ten foot away . cat ( cont 'd ) I come and go as I please . coraline ( skeptical ) the other mother hate cat ? cat ( contemptuous ) not like any " mother " I have ever know . coraline what do you mean ? she 's amazing ! cat climb the tree 's branch onto the roof . cat you probably think this world be a dream come true . but you be wrong . the other wybie tell I so . coraline that 's nonsense . he can not talk . the cat look at she , pity she lack of intelligence . cat perhaps not to you . we cat , however , have far superior sense than human and can see and smell , and -- suddenly , the cat drop into a crouch and freeze , sense something . cat ( cont 'd ) ( whispering ) shhhh ! I hear something ! right ...over ... he scramble across the roof and disappear around the corner . coraline shrug , skeptical , and head down to spink and forcible 's , they door now circle with chaser light . int . miss spink and forcible's other apartment - same she push past elegant velvet curtain to discover a enormous , darken theater with dim row of seat and a high wooden stage . a flashlight come towards she , carry by a black scottie dog with button eye . he look up at she , sniff , then lead she down the aisle past row and row of button - eyed scottie , to a front seat by the other wybie . she squeeze he arm hello , he look back warmly . coraline hey , wybie . Light flash , the audience quiet , then the curtain open on a seaside setting with rotating wave . other miss spink rise up on stage leave , in a mermaid suit , large wig , button eye , and ukulele . coraline ( cont 'd ) ( shocked ) she 's practically naked ! and miss spink sing . other miss spink I be know as the siren of all seven seas the breaker of heart by the bay . a flat cut - out ship manned by cut - out man row in behind she . other miss spink ( cont 'd ) so , if you go swimmin ' with bow - legge woman , I might steal you weak heart away . she bow she head and the audience of dog thump they tail . spink be lowered through the stage floor , the scenery change , and on the right , a huge scallop shell rise up with the other miss forcible , clad in the bare minimum - she homage to botticelli 's birth of venus . she 's face the wrong way . coraline ( whisper , to wybie ) oh my God . a dog howl , alert the near-blind lady , who turn to the audience and begin the next verse . other miss forcible a big-bottom sea witch may bob through the wave , and hope to lead sailor astray , but a true ocean goddess , must fill out she bodice , ( indicate she ample bosom ) to present a allure display . the dog thump and woof , wybie and coraline clap . spink , furious at the great reaction , get back in the competition . rising up , she make it clear just who she 's dissing . other miss spink beware of old oyster , too large in the chest , let 's banish they from the buffet . but forcible be up to the challenge - the scenery start to change faster and faster as the lady rise up and down , compete . other miss spink ( cont 'd ) I be far more nutritious other miss forcible you smell like the fish other miss spink do I hear a banshee ? other miss forcible you be sea-green with envy other miss spink this mermaid enchantress , other miss forcible no , I " birth of venus ! " the set rigging can not take it anymore -- rope snap , sandbag swing , scenery start to fall . other miss forcible ( cont 'd ) will send sailor swoon -- oh --! other miss spink will send sailor swoon -- oh --! with a crash , the old lady tumble down in a pile . coraline wince . the audience howl with laughter as the curtain close on the disaster . drum roll . a scottie dog push a large bucket of water , label " pool " , onto center stage . spotlight tilt up to the top of very tall diving platform where the old lady now stand . coraline can not stand it . coraline ( whisper ) I can not look ! other miss spink ready to break a leg , Miriam ? other miss forcible we life for the theater , April ! they begin to bounce on the diving board . as they bounce up , the two trouper unzip fat suit disguise from which emerge they younger beautiful selve which leap to catch match trapeze bar that swing into place . coraline laugh with relief and amazement , other wybie pleased . dog woof , music begins and the two beauty ­ eye bright button , sexy bathing suit stripe pink and green ­ swing out over the stage . young forcible what a piece of work be man ! how noble in reason ! they fly past each other on they trapeze , double up , catch one another hand to ankle . we notice a large pearl ring on forcible 's finger . young spink how infinite in faculty ! in form and move how express and admirable ! in a sudden change of direction , they swing out over the audience , trapeze bar lowering and pull coraline into the AIR ! she hollers , terrify . they expertly toss her one to the other , flipping and spinning , as they continue they line . her scream become cry of exhilaration . young forcible in action like a angel ! young spink in apprehension how like a god ! coraline ahhh !!! young forcible the beauty of the world ! young spink the paragon of animal ! coraline swing face - to- face to the dog in the royal box seat where one lick she . coraline yeah !! the acrobat toss coraline up into the air and jack -knife dive into the large bucket below . they rise up , unhurt , just in time to catch coraline . the three bow to thunderous thumping applause and , as the camera pull back on the scene , other wybie throw she a rise ! ext . other estate house - night other wybie escort coraline up the stone stair from spink and forcible 's apartment . the other mother and other Father , a huge , full moon rise behind they , wait at the top of the stair . other father hey there . other mother be it wonderful , dear ? other mother 's hair look absolutely beautiful and other Father dapper . coraline shake with excitement as they walk toward the front porch . other wybie hold back , lose he smile . coraline oh yeah . they swoop down and pull I right out of my seat ­ spink and forcible . only they be not old lady , that be just a disguise . but then , I be fly through the air and ... it be , it be magic . they walk up the front step . other mother you do like it here , do not you , coraline ? coraline ( nod , turn back ) uh-huh ! good night , wybie . other Father take coraline inside . wybie , at the bottom of the step , look guilty and sad . other mother glare at he , make a huge , false smile then point to he . he just lower he head . int . other hallway - continuous other mother you could stay here forever ... if you want to . coraline really ? other father sure ... we will sing and play game , and mother will cook you favorite meal . other mother rest she hand on coraline 's shoulder . other mother there 's one tiny little thing we need to do . coraline what 's that ? other father well , it 's a surprise . int . other dine room - continuous coraline be seat in she place . the other mother place a SMALL BOX with a bow in front of she , and take she seat along with other Father . coraline excitedly remove the lid . other mother for you ... we little doll . the " surprise " be a spool of black thread , a silver needle , and a pair of shiny black button -- for coraline's eye . coraline gasp . she look up at she other Parents , hope it 's a bad joke . other mother ( cont 'd ) ( smiling ) Black be traditional , but if you would prefer pink or vermillion or chartreuse ... coraline see they button eye change color , grow ever more panicked . other mother ( cont 'd ) ... though you might make I jealous . coraline no way ! she bat the box away , and she hand fly to she face , cover she eye . coraline ( cont 'd ) you 're not sewing button in my eye ! other mother oh , but we need a yes ... if you want to stay here . other Father test the needle on he finger . other father ( enthusiastic ) so sharp you will not feel a thi -- oww ! other mother kick he under the table . embarrass , he put the needle back in the box . other mother there now ; it 's you decision , darling . we only want what 's best for you . she walk over and put she hand , now icy cold , on coraline 's shoulder . coraline push it away and stand up . coraline I be ... I be go to bed ! right now ! other mother ( wounded ) bed ? other father before dinner ? coraline fight to control she quaking voice . coraline I be really , really tired . yeah ... ( fake huge yawn ) I just need to sleep on thing . other mother stand , mask disappointment . other mother well of course you do , darling ... I will be happy to tuck you in . coraline back away , urging they to stay where they be . coraline ( palm out , force smile ) oh , no thanks , uh , you - you have do so much already -- she turn to leave and find the other mother blocking the doorway . other Father join she . other mother you be welcome . and I ­ ( smile to other Father ) we be not worried at all , darling . ( softly ) soon you will see thing we way . she let go . she and the other Father herd coraline across the hallway to the stair . int . other hallway , stair , upper hall - continuous coraline carefully climb the stair , the other Parents watch . when they can no longer see she , she race up the last step and dash to she other bedroom . int . coraline's other bedroom - twilight coraline shut the door and be quickly surround by flutter dragonflies . magic dragonfly what 's wrong , coraline ? do not you want to play ? she jump up and catch the paper creature , open the toy chest and toss they in . the plush blue squid greet she from the shelf , follow by the toy tank giraffe . toy squid yeah , I wanna hugga you face ! toy tank giraffe get a grip , soldier . she grab they both and drop they in the toy chest . her photo friend - now with black button for eye - call out from the photo by she bed . photo friend hey ! photo friend 1 where 's yer button , yuper ? photo friend 2 you wanna stay , do n'tcha ? coraline grab they as well , drop they in the chest , and shut the lid . she barricade the door with a dresser and chair and then the toy chest . coraline I be go home tonight , robot - and I will not be back . she sit on the bed , pull off the blue boot then climb under the cover , pull they over she head and hold tight . she hug herself to stop shaking , know she must fall asleep in this bed to wake up in she real bed at home . she close she eye and tell herself : coraline ( cont 'd ) go to sleep , go to sleep , go to sleep , go to sleep ! she toss one way , then another . we hear she voice continue : coraline ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) go to sleep , go to sleep ... there be strange , backwards sound , then the eerie voice of other mother and other Father . other mother ( v.o. ) there 's just one tiny little thing we have to do . coraline go to sleep , go to sleep , go to sleep ... other father ( v.o. ) so sharp you will not feel a thing ... coraline go to sleep , go to sleep , go to sleep ... other mother ( v.o. ) soon you will see thing we way ... coraline fidget and turn and turn again but sleep finally wrap she and take she to oblivion . match pullback dissolve : int . other bedroom - later we see coraline 's room , brightly lit like morning in the real world . angle on coraline 's face beneath the cover , as she 's woken by the light . with a hopeful look , she call out , pull back the cover : coraline Mom !... dad !.. her smile turn to shock -- there 's a bright , full moon in she window and it 's still nighttime in the other world . coraline ( cont 'd ) oh God , I be still here ? int . other stair , lower hallway - same coraline race downstairs to the other live room where the little door home must be ! but the live room be locked tight . she pull at the handle , plant a foot and try with all she might ! it 's no use . she stop , panting , then hear a piano note be hit over and over . int . other father' study - same coraline open the door and find the other Father sit at the piano , he back to she , hit the note . she speak in she bravest voice . coraline hey you ! where 's the other mother ? I want to go home . the other Father turn around . he look ill ; he hair mess and he glass askew . he speak , he voice slowed - down . other father all will be swell , soon as mother 's refresh . her strength be we strength . the white -gloved hand pop out from the piano . one cover he mouth , the other wag a finger in he face . other father ( cont 'd ) must not talk when mother 's not here . coraline if you will not even talk to I , I be gonna find the other wybie . he will help I . she turn to go . other father no point ; he pull a long face ... he pull down the corner of he mouth impossibly far . other father ( cont 'd ) ... and mother do not like it . the piano hand pop out again , aggressively shut he mouth and spin he away from coraline . frightened , she run to the door that lead outside , and pull it open . ext . other house - night , full moon she run out the back porch , towards the other Garden . other steep hillside trail she cross the trail , the other House in the distance . entrance to other orchard she run down the path . other orchard coraline run past tree that be lush with GREEN leave and ripe red fruit . she 's panting hard , and have to slow to a fast walk . the further she go , the less tree - like the fruit tree become . she hear the cat merowww . surprise , she look down . cat and what do you think you be do ? the cat trot along by she foot . she blink . coraline well , I be gettin ' outta here . that 's what I 'm do . the sky start to brighten and the apple tree become wire - thin shape of tree . coraline ( cont 'd ) huh ? something 's wrong . should not the old well be here ? the remnant of the tree and the sky and the ground give way to a pale , empty nothingness . no ground or shadow . cat nothing out here ... it 's the empty part of this world . she only make what she know would impress you . coraline but why ? why do she want I ? they walk over the horizon . cat ( cont would ) she want something to love , I think . something that be not she ... or maybe she would just love something to eat . coraline eat ? that 's ridiculous , mother do not eat daughter ! cat I do not know . how do you taste ? other house reappear a shape rise in front of they in the whiteness and become the beautiful other house . coraline and the cat slow , then the front yard and topiary , the sky , hill , white gravel drive and the poplar tree behind they fill in . coraline huh ? but how can you walk away from something and still come back to it ? the cat curl its tail into a question mark , and tip its head to one side . cat walk around the world . coraline small world . coraline shiver . the cat suddenly tense , focus on a shrub . cat hang on -- he bound towards the shrub and chase out a cute kangaroo mouse in uniform with a tiny trumpet . before coraline can blink , he 's pinned it down . coraline stop , he 's one of the circus mouse ! with a swift blow of its paw , the cat knock the mouse into the air , and catch it in he mouth . he give a quick , killing bite - coraline gasp - and the mouse transform into a big dead rat . coraline be stunne . he drop the rat on the ground . cat I do not like rat at the best of time , but this one be sounding a alarm . the cat pick the rat up and head off . slack -jaw , coraline speak with admiration . coraline gooooood kitty . coraline look to the house with a determine look . on the porch , she take out a heavy cane from the umbrella stand and hit it into she hand . int . house , other hallway - same coraline , stand in front of the live room door , test the cane in she hand , and peer down the hall for danger . it 's dead quiet -- no piano , no sound of anything . she jam the cane through the door ' handle , and pull with all she might . one handle and lock break and the door swing open into the pitch black live room . the hall light cast a narrow path directly to the other Little door on the far wall , crack open . she step into the room . int . other live room - continuous a huge armoire bug suddenly crab-step in she path , block the little door , and all around she thing start to glow . the room have be transformed into a amazing bug museum , with all sort of glow , live specimen in the place of the old furniture and furnishings . the radiator be now big caterpillar , the Nordic track a serve bug . the other mother speak out , startling coraline . other mother ( o.s. ) they say even the proudest -- the sofa , now a large bug , turn in place to reveal she sit on it . other mother ( cont 'd ) -- spirit can be break ... with love . she 's all smile , button eye shine , one hand hold out in a behold my handiwork gesture . a bug chair scoops up coraline and bring she to the other mother . the other mother take a candy dish from the servant bug . other mother ( cont 'd ) of course , chocolate never hurt . like one ? she extend a candy dish fill live chocolate beetle . other mother ( cont 'd ) they're cocoa beetle from Zanzibar . coraline be disgust . the other mother take back the dish and bite off the head of one . it 's the first thing she 's eat in the film . coraline I want to be with my real mom and dad . I want you to let I go . the other mother frowns , swallow . she speak with a frightening steeliness in she voice . other mother be that any way to talk to you mother ? coraline be mad , and feel mad make she brave . coraline you be not my mother . the other mother straighten . her button eye , now dead , stare into coraline 's . other mother apologize at once , coraline ! coraline stare right back , not blink . coraline no . other mother ( tensely ) I will give you to the count of three . one ... then she stand up , growing taller . other mother ( cont 'd ) ...two ... she grow taller still and scarier like a super model on steroid . tall other mother ... three ! this tall other mother grab coraline by she nose and drag she to the hallway . coraline ow , what be you do ! int . other house hallway - continuous she pull coraline down the hallway to the mirror at the end . coraline flail at the tall other mother with she fist . coraline ow , that hurt ! tall other mother shove coraline right through the mirror as if it be water ! int . closet - prison behind the mirror - continuous coraline hit the ground hard . the tall other mother , head thrust through the mirror , stare down at she angrily . tall other mother you may come out when you have learn to be a loving daughter ! she pull her head out and leave coraline in darkness . coraline pound on the mirror- door , kick it with she blue boot . a sob well up in she throat . and then we hear a soft ghostly moan . she turn . she can just make out a sagging iron bed . when the voice speak , there be a faint glow from beneath its stain cover . coraline ( frightened ) who 's there ? tall girl ghost ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) hush ! and shush ! for the beldam might be listen ! coraline step towards the bed , the faint glow from under the cover in sync with the word she hear . coraline ( whisper ) you ... you mean the other mother ? ... she gently pull back the sheet . the dimly glowing ghost of three child , button eye , sit up : a sweet girl ghost , coraline 's size ; a tall girl ghost , emotional ; a young boy ghost , very sad . coraline ( cont 'd ) who be you ? boy ghost ( wistful ) do not remember we name ... but I `member my true mommy ... the boy , dress like huck Finn , conjure up ghost flower . the strange- look flower wither and fade . he 's so sad that coraline take he cold hand and squeeze it . coraline why be you all here ? all ghost the beldam ! the ghost move about in a dance macabre , like ghostly fish in water . sweet girl ghost she spy on we life , through the little doll 's eye , boy ghost and see that we be not happy . tall girl ghost so she lure we away , tall girl ghost ( cont 'd ) with treasure and treat , sweet girl ghost and game to play ! boy ghost gave all that we ask - sweet girl ghost yet we still want more - tall girl ghost so we let she sew the button . boy ghost she say that she love we , tall girl ghost but she lock we here all ghost and eat up we life . the ghost fall back into they bed and sink down . coraline be stunne . she think a little and then speak , try to steady she voice . coraline well , she can not keep I in the dark forever ; not if she want to win my life . beating she be my only chance . a beat . then the sweet girl ask in she sing - song way : sweet girl ghost perhaps , if you do win you escape , you could find we eye ? coraline have she take that , too ? sweet girl ghost yes , miss . and hide they . boy ghost find we eye , mistress , and we soul will be freed . coraline I ... I will try . the ghost pulse with hope . coraline sit down against the mirror door , bounce she head against it . she 's not hopeless . suddenly , hand reach through the mirror and pull her out ! int . other hallway - night c.u. of coraline 's face , eye wild , as she tear at the hand that hold she . she grab one and , flip she masked attacker onto the ground . she pull off he mask : it 's the other wybie , he mouth stitched into a painful , ear to ear smile . coraline ( panting ) wybie ?.. coraline sit he up . coraline ( cont 'd ) do she do this to you ? she unstitch he painfully - huge grin . coraline ( cont 'd ) I hope that feel bet -- other wybie shhh . he stop she with a finger to she lip , and point to the other live room , its door unlocked and OPEN . he grab she hand and pull she there . int . other live room ­ continuous it 's dark , the bug furniture asleep . they run to the big armoire bug that guard the little door and shove it out of the way . it crash to the floor . and from upstairs , a voice call out . tall other mother ( o.s. ) coraline ? be that you ! coraline let 's go ! she open the little door . a cold wind blow from the dark passageway , now fill with spider webs and the shoe , coat , and hat of other kid who try to escape . tall other mother ( o.s. ) coraline ... the tunnel move at the sound of she voice . coraline take other wybie 's arm . coraline come on . she will hurt you again ! he shake he head no , then pull off he glove to reveal a hand made of sawdust . he blow he finger away . high heel click from the stair ; she 's almost there ! tall other mother ( o.s. ) coraline ? how dare you disobey you mother !! other wybie shove coraline into the tunnel and shut the door . int . passageway ­ continuous hunched down , she move as quickly as she can , tear through the sticky cobweb . tall other mother ( o.s. ) ( call after she ) coraline ! strands of web brush she face , stick to she hair ; she close she eye , hand out until she finally get to the little door at the other end . she dive , tuck , -- int . real live room - continuous time , but day here -- and roll out onto the real live room floor . coraline slam the door shut and turn the sharp little key ­ still in the keyhole ­ to lock it . she stand , cover in dust and cobweb , and call out with joy and relief . coraline i'm home ! int . hallway , stairway , dad' study - same she go quickly through the apartment , happily call : coraline anybody here ? hello , hello , hello ! Real dad ... Real Mom ! int . kitchen - same coraline oh , Mom 's grocery ! there be bag of grocery on the table , as if she mother have just get in . she pull open a bag to peek and fruit fly shoot out . the food be spoiled . coraline ( cont 'd ) ( puzzle ) uhhh . that 's disgusting . door bell ring . int . hallway - continuous she run excitedly to the door and fling it open . coraline I miss you guy so much -- you will never -- int . / ext . front door - continuous , rain but it 's just wybie , the real boy . coraline oh ... the wybie that talk ... he 's wave , face down , awkward . wybie huh ? ha ha ha .... yeah ... um , so you know tha- that old doll I give you ? coraline tense , sharp breath . wybie ( cont 'd ) um ... my gramma 's real mad , say it be she sister 's - the one that ... disappear ? she read he like a book . coraline ( realization ) you steal that doll , do not you ? wybie answer quickly , guilty as heck . wybie . well , i- it look just like you . and I figure -- coraline , rush the word , tell he the truth . coraline it use to look like this pioneer girl ; then huck Finn junior ; then it be this Little rascal chick with all this ribbon , and braid , and .... her voice trail off . coraline study wybie , then , snap she finger . coraline ( cont 'd ) grandma 's miss sister ! he nod , one brow raise up . coraline ( cont 'd ) I think I just meet she . c'mon ! she pull he inside and -- int hallway - continuous -- drag he down the hall . wybie uh , listen , I - I - I be really not suppose to -- int . live room - continuous coraline walk he to the little door in the corner wall and point . wybie look around anxiously , fearful and curious to be in he grandmother 's old house . coraline she 's in there . reluctantly , he bend down and reach for the key in the lock . wybie C - can you ­ can you unlock it ? she grab he hand , stop he . coraline not in a million year . but it would not matter ; she can not escape without she eye . none of the ghost can . wybie stare at she , nodd he head as if he understand she crazy story . he change the subject , get back to he mission . wybie huhhhhhh ... so , uh , I really need to get that doll ? coraline snap at he . coraline great ! I would love to get rid of it ! she exhales in a huff . grab he sleeve , lead he from room . int . coraline's bedroom - continuous the doll 's not on the bed , not on the chair or move box . coraline where be you hide , you little monster ?! wybie nervously watch coraline pull out she dresser drawer , yank cushion off the window seat . wybie you and gramma be talk ? coraline the doll 's she spy ! it 's how she watch you , find out what 's wrong with you life ! wybie , trap like a deer - in- the-headlights , try to make sense of she remark . wybie the doll ... be my gramma 's ... spy . coraline no ! - the other mother ! she 's get this whole world where everything 's better - the food , the garden , the -- ( lean in on he ) -- neighbor . hold she hand up . coraline ( cont 'd ) but it 's all a trap ! wybie , eager to escape , cup hand to ear by the window . wybie yeah ... uh , I think I hear someone call I , jonesy . coraline see right through he . coraline do not believe I ?... you can ask the cat ! he move around she towards the door , turn to leave . wybie the cat ... i- I will just tell gramma that you could not find the doll -- ow ! a blue boot - throw by coraline - hit he arm . he turn back as she take off the second one . coraline you be not listening to I ! wybie that 's ... cause ... you be crazy ! he flee as the second boot fly past . coraline growls , and give chase . int upper stairway - continuous she grab she boot from the floor , and chase he down the stair in she sock . ext . front door / driveway - continuous , raining door fly open and wybie run down the front step to he electric bike . coraline race down after he . coraline you creep ! wybie ( call over he shoulder ) crazy !! he run he bike towards the fallen tree , hop on and pedal like mad . as coraline hurl a boot at he , he gun the motor and escape down a side path past the driveway . coraline crazy ?... you be the jerk - wad that give I the doll ! out of breath , she turn away and notice she parent ' car park to the side . coraline ( cont 'd ) Mom ! dad ! excite , she hop over the fall tree and run to the car . int . jone ' car - same coraline , stand in the rain , excitedly look through the car 's window . but the car be empty . she spot she mom 's phone , then open the door to grab it and speed dial a number . coraline pick it up , dad , pick it up . charlie ( v.o. ) hi! coraline dad ! whe - charlie ( v.o. ) I be digging in my garden right now , but leave a message and I will get right back to you . she dejectedly look at the phone , then snap it shut . coraline where have you go ? int . spink and forcible's live room - evening miss spink be knitting a sweater with wing for a worried - look angus , one of the scotty , who sit on she lap . coraline sip tea , anxious , the other two dog beside she . coraline uh ... do not you only make wing for the ... dead one ? miss spink just look ahead dear ... angus have not be feel very well of late . miss forcible ( o.s. ) April ? be not you get ready ? miss spink ( look off camera ) we have lose we ride , Miriam . caroline say she parent have vanish , quite completely . angle on miss forcible , tightening she elaborate corset behind a screen , use pulley and hook . miss forcible what ?! we have wait month for that ticket . one of the corset hook fly up and pull off she wig . she ignore it and come over to address spink . miss spink I suppose we could walk ! miss forcible with you gamy leg ? it 's nearly two mile to the theater ! coraline clear her throat , frustrated . miss spink oh , oh yes ... you miss parent . we know just what you need . Miriam , get ... that 's right . miss forcible grab another dish of old stick - together candy and put it in front of coraline . coraline how be hundred - year- old candy go to help -- miss spink suddenly raise she knitting needle as if to stab coraline . coraline yelp , hand up in defense . but it 's candy she attack , send sticky chip fly , make loud grunt as she stab . she pull a large , three - side candy with a hole it from the rubble and pass it to coraline . miss spink there you go , sweety . coraline study the odd candy . coraline what 's it for ? she hold it up , look through its hole at the lady . miss spink well , it might help . they be good for bad thing , sometimes . miss forcible no , they be good for lose thing . they do not look any different . miss spink it 's bad thing , Miriam . miss forcible lose thing , April . miss spink bad . miss forcible lose . miss spink bad thing ! miss forcible lose . miss spink bad . miss forcible lose . coraline can not take anymore . she get up , take the odd piece of candy and leave . int . parent bedroom - night coraline , dress for bed with she blanket over she shoulder , walk into she parent 's room , the photo of she and she parent at the bear Fountain in the foreground . she pull down the bed cover and build copy of she parent out of pillow . she fit a extra neck brace on one pillow head and some read glass on the other . then coraline lie down and pull up the cover , very sad . coraline good-night , mom. good-night , dad. she kiss they both and begins to cry . cam push in . dissolve to : int . parent bedroom - night , later coraline , asleep . something blur past camera . one paw and then two paw bat she nose . she open she eye to find opal blue eye stare at she . it 's the black cat , purring loudly . coraline hello . how do you get in ? the cat yawn , he eye flash . coraline ( cont 'd ) do you know where Mom and dad be ? the cat blink . then he head out the door . int . lower hallway - continuous she follow he , wrap in she blanket , to the mirror at the end of the hallway . the mirror start to glow and then a image form within the glass . it 's her parent ! they cling together , blue with cold , as snow fall . coraline mom ! dad !! they look up and , with a desperate look , mel breathes on the inside mirror- glass to fog it . she write h E L p U S. ­ she fingertip squeaking on the glass like a SMALL , sad bird . frost rise up , hide the letter and then she parent . the image fade . coraline strike at the mirror as hard as she can . glass shatter and she drop to the ground , shaking . the cat nuzzle she .. coraline ( cont 'd ) how do this happen ? int . parent bedroom - same from under the bed , the cat drag out the button - eyed doll , remade into her mother on one side , and her father on the other ! coraline she 's take they . coraline , enraged , throws the doll . FIRE light come up on she face as the background dissolves to : int . live room , front of fireplace - same close on doll : burning in the fireplace . coraline and cat watch until the fire burn out . she take a breath and look up at the mantel . angle on snowglobe , the one of the fountain bear from the Detroit Zoo . coraline cradle it , remember . coraline they be not come back , be they ­ Mom and dad . not on they own . the cat blink . she look over at the lock little door in the corner wall . coraline ( cont 'd ) only one thing to do . CUT to : int coraline's bedroom - continuous Series of quick shot of coraline get ready to go . pull she collect bag from the closet , she puffy vest , she boot ; grab a candle and garden shear , put they in the bag . she stand to go , take she cap off the chair . the odd piece of candy , the triangle green one with the hole , drop to the floor . she hesitates a moment , then stick it in she bag . int . passageway - continuous we hear the click of the door be unlock . it open to reveal the cat , and - hold a light candle - coraline . she leave the key in the lock , like always , take a breath and crawl forward . the candle cast huge , flicker shadow along the wall . the cat , he voice return , speak to she . cat you know , you be walk right into she trap . coraline I have to go back . with great feel , she explain : coraline ( cont 'd ) they be my parent . cat challenge she then . she may not play fair but she will not refuse . she 's get a thing for game . coraline think about it , remember . coraline hmmm , okay . the door at the end of the tunnel click open , the candle blows out and the cat vanish in the dark . coraline tense when a voice call out . mother coraline ? coraline Mom ? there , frame in the open door , back - light in blue , coraline 's real mother , with neck brace and dress in she shopping clothes , call . mother coraline , you come back for we ! coraline ( relieved ) mom ! she run forward eagerly and -- int . other live room - night -- out the other Little door , throw she arm out to hug she real Mom . mother darling ! ( voice shifting ) why would you run away from I ? coraline see she mother 's hand grow as it wrap around she . alarm , she push away and see the decoy mom grow into the tall other mother . the room light up with the glow bug furniture and a fireplace fire . coraline try she best to be brave . coraline where be my parent ? the tall other mother 's button eye glitter . tall other mother gosh , I have no idea where you " old " parent be . perhaps they have grow bored of you and run away to France ? her tooth gleam . coraline they be not bored of I . you steal they ! other Father , a foot shorter than before , he sagging face a pale pumpkin color , he hair vine , come up behind coraline . tall other mother now , do not be difficult , coraline . have a seat , will not you ? other Father , gurgling happily , herd coraline onto the walk bug chair . the tall other mother , stand by the little door , turn to it and clap she hand . a moment later , a huge rat skitter out of the tunnel - filled again with spider web and child 's thing - carry the key from the real world door . the tall other mother take the key , lock the door , and - while the armoire bug assume guard position - she swallows the key . coraline ( offhand ) why do not you have you own key ? other father only one key . the other mother pull a vine grow from he ear , shutting he mouth . tall other mother shhh ! ( sunnier ) the garden squash need tend , do not you think , pumpkin ? she turn he around , she hand under he arm and drag he out . other father squish squash , pumpkin sauce ... after a beat , coraline hear the very faint SOUND of a finger on glass , just like when she mother write help on the mirror . coraline jump to she foot , look around the room for a sign of she real parent . coraline ( loud whisper ) Mom , dad , where would she hide you ? a muffle screen door slam o.s. and the tall other mother call to she from the kitchen . tall other mother ( o.s. ) breakfast-time ! coraline leave frame . int . other kitchen - night coraline pause in the doorway . coraline ( v.o. ) ( to herself ) be strong , coraline . she sit at the kitchen table in she regular place , she back to the sink . tall other mother , hum happily , prepare a mushroom omelet and bacon . fragrant cinnamon bun bake in the oven . at the table 's center , coraline see the box with she button eye with needle and thread . a bead of sweat roll down she forehead . as casually as she can , she ask : coraline ( cont 'd ) ( anxious , try to be cool ) why do not we play ... a game ? I know you like they . the tall other mother 's button eye flash . tall other mother everybody like game . coraline ( nods ) uh huh . Bacon sizzle and spit on the stove . tall other mother what kind of game would it be ? coraline ) a explore game ... a find thing game . other mother try to act disinterested , but she finger drum with excitement . other mother and what be it you would be find , coraline ? coraline hesitates . coraline my real parent . tall other mother ( dismissive ) too easy . she fold the omelet over in the pan . coraline and , and the eye of the ghost child . tall other mother smile : now it 's get interesting . tall other mother huh . the meal ready , she turn from the stove and take the food to coraline . tall other mother ( cont 'd ) what if you do not find they ? coraline if I lose , I will stay here with you forever and let you love I . ( indicate button box ) and I will let you sew button into my eye . tall other mother hmmm ... and if you somehow win this game ? coraline then you let I go . you let everyone go ­ my real father and mother , the dead child , everyone you have trap here . the tall other mother smile a malicious not in a million year smile . tall other mother deal . she hold out she hand . coraline do not reach . coraline not till you give I a clue . tall other mother snort , she smile sour . she slowly circle coraline , and speak as if talk to a very stupid child . tall other mother oh , right ... in each of three wonder I have make just for you , a ghost 's eye be lose in plain sight . coraline and for my parent ? tall other mother - stand behind she in front of the sink - smile wickedly and just start tapping her button eye with she finger nail . coraline turn away from she . coraline ( cont 'd ) ( shrug ) Fine . do not tell I ... extend she hand , coraline start to turn back . coraline ( cont 'd ) ... it 's a deal -- but the tall other mother have disappeared and the tapping now be the faucet dripping in the sink . coraline exhales , walk to the sink , stare at the drip faucet . coraline ( cont 'd ) what do she mean " wonder ? " out the kitchen window , the fantastic garden light up , answer she question . she furrow her brows , think this be too easy . coraline ( cont 'd ) hmmm . CUT to : ext . other garden - same coraline walk through the gate . the bright magic of the garden be darker now , with area of black against area of glow flower . she pass the pitcher plant , and the one with the frog suddenly swallows the animal . she go up the step past the bleeding heart , which now leak sticky red juice that run down the wall . at the top , a few snapdragon , feeble now , SNAP at she . she kick they down . behind she , a brick tree ring open like a monster 's mouth and five huge , pale snapdragon sneak towards she . they attack , knock she to the ground , spilling she bag . coraline no !! they grab coraline at she ankle , knee , hip , waist , and shoulder , and start to roll her up toward the stone mouth . coraline be just able to grab she garden shear . she cut off one mutant snapdragon 's head , then another , until she be free . the headless stem retreat into the rock mouth . coraline , wind , go to gather she spill thing when a trio of hummingbird / wasp hybrid swoop in . they do not attack she ; instead they poke they long beak into the triangle candy with the hole and lift off . coraline ( cont 'd ) stop !! coraline chase they , but they be get away . as she cross the little bridge , she take off she cap and fling it like a frisbee at they . score ! they fall to the ground , near the eyebrow shrub , sawdust spilling out . she pick up the triangle candy . coraline ( cont 'd ) why steal this ? with a look of what do she have to lose , she hold it up to she eye and gasp . coraline ( cont 'd ) wow ... everything be blurry grey like a pencil draw , all color go . she scan the garden , turn slowly . as she turn back to where she start , she see something , right in front of she : a burning red ember -- a ghost be eye ! coraline ( cont 'd ) that must be it . she lower the stone from she eye , to see that the ghost 's eye be the fade stick shift knob from the preying mantis tractor , which stand right in front of her with the other Father , a squat pumpkin man , at its control , he own hand imprisoned in the mechanical piano hand . headlight glare and the tractor roar to life . the mechanical hand force other Father to shift gear , and the tractor lurch at coraline , its arm slashing . she yell , back away . other Father call in a garble voice : other father sorrry , so sorrry , motherrr make meeee . coraline back onto the little bridge that span the fountain as the tractor move in . other father ( cont 'd ) do not waaaanno hurrrrrt you . the other Father try to steer the tractor away , but the mechanical hand be stronger . it move onto the bridge - stupidly smashing through the plank in front of it . halfway over , it lurch , then start to fall through the hole it have create . the tractor hang precariously for a moment . other Father kick away one mechanical hand , and with one hand free , manage to pull off the shift knob . other father ( cont 'd ) taaaake it !!!!! coraline dive forward and just get the knob before the tractor and other Father fall away and sink under the water . rippling out from coraline like a gray wave , the entire garden become ashen and dead . coraline catch her breath , shake . the ghost eye / gear knob glow red , no magic candy necessary . boy ghost bless you , miss , you find I ! but there 's two eye still lose . coraline do not worry , I be get the hang of it ! coraline look past the grey garden towards the other House . a lunar eclipse have begin , the full moon a pale acid green . coraline look concerned , then resolve , and then she head towards the house . a haunt version of spink and forcible 's show song start to play ... ext . other house , stairway to spink and forcible be - same coraline's Pov down stairway : chaser light circle the door at half - speed . haunting show song continue . reverse on coraline . she carefully descend towards cam . int downstair theatre - same we see she flicker shadow and then coraline appear behind the entry curtain . she step close , pull the curtain open . song stop . Pov on theater , quiet and dark save for light come through entry curtain . she spot usher 's flashlight on the ground . on coraline - she pick it up , click it on , and step forward . she sweep the light beam around , apprehensive , then hear something overhead . she aim flashlight up and startles a nest of bat - dog - half scotty / half bat . one bare he tooth and growls . she click off the light and shiver . on stage , one spotlight and footlight fade up on a huge , wrap saltwater taffy . it hang from rope and sandbag . she cautiously climb up onto the stage . a human - size taffy thing - stripe pale pink and green - can just be see through the wrapper . she hold she triangle candy - with - hole to she eye . there be a blue - white glow come from inside the wrapper . coraline punch a hole through the paper , steel herself , then reach inside . she touch something sticky and cold and inhuman . clench she tooth , she grab hold and pull out two clasped - together cold , taffy hand - Young spink and forcible 's . her heart thump . she pry the taffy hand open like scallop shell until a large pearl -on-a-re be reveal . coraline ( realizing ) the pearl ! the hand suddenly grab her ! she scream . Young spink and forcible , twisted together into one taffy monster , thrust there head from the bag ! taffy monster thief !! give it back ! coraline pull away , stretching the candy arm out across the stage ! the taffy monster thrust out another pair arm , and start dragging itself toward coraline , rope sway on pulley . taffy monster ( cont 'd ) ( in unison ) you thief ! thief ! thief ! thief ! give it back ! thief ! give it back ! give it back ! thief ! stop thief ! thief ! stop ! coraline , desperate , get a idea . she click on she flashlight and aim it at the bat -dog . they growl with annoyance , OPEN they wing . the taffy monster be getting closer ! coraline hurl the flashlight at the bat-dog and hit they . angere , they take wing to attack her - just like she plan ! bat-dog be close on the leave , the taffy monster on the right ! she wait to the very last second , and then dive out of the way ! bat - dog and taffy monster collide ! coraline 's hand be release by the taffy hand , leave she the pearl . the bat -dog and taffy monster - stick together and still - as - stone - turn to dead , grey ash , as do the stage and theater . the pearl in coraline 's hand pulse blue . tall girl ghost ( v.o. ) hurry on , girl - she web be unwind ! coraline nod , stick the pearl in she bag , and look up towards the ceiling and beyond . ext . other house / other bobinsky's balcony - same coraline's moving Pov , on lower ext stair to up angle on balcony . we hear haunt circus music in the air . other Mr. B 's Russian flag , torn in place , wave in the air . the pale green moon be nearly half -eclipsed now with what be clearly the shadow of a huge , dark , button . angle on coraline as she climb the last flight of stair to bobinsky 's . she stop with a shudder at the top . the flag have be replace with the empty coat of other wybie - glove , pants and sneaker pin on - hang like old laundry . coraline oh , wybie ... she take a breath , lean out over the railing and shout . coraline ( cont 'd ) evil witch ... i'm not scare ! the door behind she creak open . coraline shiver - she be definitely scared . int . other mr . b's attic flat - continuous coraline step into the apartment and carefully shut the door . the cannon and ferris wheel be dark and quiet ; the circus tent glow dimly . pale green moonlight shine in patch through hole in the roof . the corner and edge of the room be very dark . other bobinsky suddenly crawl by the door behind she . coraline whip around , on guard . he loom up past the cannon on she right , lean towards she . other mr . bobinsky hello , ga -loo -boo-shka . there be too many joint in he arm and leg . coraline I be coraline . his tall , crooked hat be pull so low , and he collar so high , that he face be completely hide . he throw out he arm towards she and the circus ball from the mouse circus roll from he sleeve to he hand . other mr . bobinsky be dis vhat you be look for ? she look through the hole of the triangle candy and see a amber glow ­ the third ghost's eye ! coraline uh-huh . she grab for it , but he 's too quick . he back - bend to all four and scuttle around she towards the back shadow . other mr . bobinsky you tink vinning game be goot ting ? coraline hold up the triangle candy , scan the room for he . his voice sound distort now . other mr . bobinsky ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you will just go home and be bored and neglect ... we see he twine up a post behind coraline , crawl out on a beam ... other mr . bobinsky ( cont 'd ) ... same as alvay . he swing upside - down from he ankle , he head stop right by coraline 's . she whip around , alarmed . other mr . bobinsky ( cont 'd ) stay here vis we ; vee vill listen to you and laugh vis you . he drop to the floor on he head , then slither into the circus tent . coraline do not want to follow he . but she do . int . circus tent - continuous the other Mr. B be perch on a pile of moldy cheese in the center of the ring . he move like all he bone be break . other mr . bobinsky if you stay here , you can have vhatever you vant , vsig - da - alvay . coraline raise the triangle candy to she eye , see the amber glow come from inside he hat . coraline you do not get it , do you ? she move closer . other mr . bobinsky I do not understand . small form move under the back of he coat . coraline of course you do not understand . you be just a copy she make of the real Mr. B. other mr . bobinsky ( last breath ) not even that anymore . coraline pull off he hat . instead of he head , a huge pale rat sit there - hold the circus ball . it bark at she then dive down the coat collar . rat leap from coat sleeve and pant legs , coraline pull back , horrified , as the clothes collapse , scan around for the circus ball . there 's a rat bark behind she and she turn . the huge rat - balanced on a wheel of cheese , circus ball in paw - taunt her , then run the cheese out the door ! she give chase . int . other mr. b's flat - continuous the other rat race behind the twin row of cannon - the cheese wheel rat roll through they , head towards the door ! coraline charge . the cannon , manned by rat , FIRE cotton candy at she . she 's hit in the side , she leg , she rib ; she weave and stumble , the shot landing like punch . coraline ahhh ! no !! a pet door - perfectly shape for the rat on the wheel - appear in the front door as the rat approach . coraline look up to see the pet door OPEN and the cheese - wheel rat heading through it to the outside . coraline take she triangle candy stone and throws it as hard as she can at the rat . the whistling candy fly through the pet door towards the rat , just outside . ext . other mr. b's flat - continuous the rat duck , the candy miss , and the cheese - wheel rat escape down the stair with the ball . int . other mr. b's flat - continuous coraline , lurching forward , hollers . coraline ( cont 'd ) noooo ! two wait rat - tail tip tie - pull tail tight , and trip she . she crash through the door and --. ext . other house - continuous -- out onto the balcony which tear away from the house with attached stairway . coraline noooo ! the whole rig , with coraline on top , rotate as it collapse , throwing coraline toward the front of the house when it hit the ground . she black out a moment . wheeze for breath , coraline push up on hand and knee and scan past the topiary and poplar and white gravel driveway , look for the cheese - wheel rat and circus ball . no cheese - wheel rat , no circus ball ghost eye . coraline , light by a narrowing band of pale green light , turn to look at the moon . it 's nearly cover now by the dark button shadow . her hand sting from a scrape . blood trickle from she knee . she feel nothing but cold loss . coraline ( cont 'd ) ( devastate ) oh God , I have lose the game ; I have lose everything . she sob , hug knee and face to chest . the band of light that illuminate she be narrowing to near-gone . in the foreground , the head of the cheese - wheel rat - circus ball in its teeth - drop on the ground . sawdust leak from its neck . Band of light stop narrowing , the eclipse pause . there 's a familiar merowww and coraline look up . across from she on the front yard , sit the black cat , lick he paw , rat 's head and circus ball at he foot . cat I think I mention that I do not like rat at the best of time . coraline smile , walk towards he . coraline I think you might have say something like that . cat it look like you need this one , however . he bat the circus ball and it roll to coraline . she pick it up , stick it in she bag . around she , the yard , house , tree , shrub and driveway turn ashen gray . coraline thank you . look towards house . coraline ( cont 'd ) I be head inside . I still have to find my parent . CUT to : angle on moon . the stall eclipse start again , and in one beat , the last sliver of green moon be fully blacked out . the edge of the button shadow start to flake away . on coraline with cat . a strange insect thrumm have begin . what appear to be grey paint chip or bit of paper be fall . confused , she look up to see : . the huge button shadow be eaten to nothing and then the sky around it be eaten as well , revealing dirty white light . the destruction travel from sky to the distant hill , the sound of a million , invisible locust grow louder . up angle on cat and coraline . the cat hiss . deeply alarmed , they look from one direction to another . Pov out front yard . the destruction travel up the driveway , pull apart the poplar , and then unravel the topiary elephant and bird . down angle on coraline and cat , he tail twitching . we pull back to find they be at the center of a rapidly shrinking island ! new angle on coraline and cat as ground beneath they foot start cracking , white light come through . cat make a fearful sound , afraid for the first time in the movie ! coraline hold out she arm to the tremble animal , she guardian angel . coraline ( cont 'd ) come on , quickly ! the cat leap and she catch he , then carry he up the disintegrating porch step to the front door . she get through just in time , and slam it shut ! int . other house hallway - same it 's dark and stable in here , with just some creak and intermittent vibration . a poisonous green light spill from the other live room . coraline go there , carry the cat over she shoulder , past wallpaper that peel up as she pass , to the room where she last hear the sound of she mother 's finger on glass . int . other live room - same a poisonous GREEN FIRE - like sleepy sea snake - burn in the fireplace . the bug furniture look grey now , they light flicker as if short - circuite ; leg and wing twitching uncontrollably . coraline scan the wall , the ceiling , look for a sign of she parent . angle on coraline in foreground . she sense the other mother behind she , a creature who be no sort of mother at all but a witch , a beldam . she turn . the beldam be hunch on the sofa - she face hide . beldam so , you be back .... her voice sound dry and tired . she turn she face towards coraline . it be a white death mask , crack and peel - she true face . beldam ( cont 'd ) and you bring vermin with you . coraline shudder and step back . the cat make a fearful sound and dig he claw into she shoulder . coraline no , I ... I bring a friend . the beldam rise up 12 feet tall . she be withered to the bone ; with plate- like shoulder and hip ; she bustle now a arachnid 's tail section . her true form . she reach she long , sharp finger made of needle to coraline 's face . beldam ( flatly ) you know I love you . coraline work hard to not show how freak out she be . coraline you , you have a very funny way of show it . the beldam smile , turn away , then back , she hand outstretch . beldam so ? where be they - the ghost eye ? coraline pull out the three sphere from she bag and start to hand they over . but she catch herself . coraline hold on . and pull back . coraline ( cont 'd ) we be not finish yet , be we ? the beldam look dagger , then smile sweetly . beldam no , I suppose not . after all , you still need to find you old parent , do not you ? too bad you will not have this . she produce the triangle candy that coraline lose and fling it into the green fire . the beldam laugh while the magic burn out of the candy with spark and pop . on coraline . the third ghost eye pulse with amber light in she hand . coraline turn away , so the witch will not see . sweet girl ghost ( o.s. ) be clever , miss ; even if you win she will never let you go ! coraline look towards the lock little door behind the armoire bug and understand : she 's get to get the beldam to unlock it ! she furrow she brow as a idea come to she then nod . she turn to the witch and in the most confident tone she can muster , say : coraline I already know where you have hide they . the beldam turn from the fire , both concerned and sceptical . beldam well ... produce they . coraline point to the little door . coraline they be behind that door . the beldam lean close , know coraline be wrong , and speak very quietly . beldam oh , they be , be they ? a smile creep onto she terrible face . and she start toward the little door , move in a odd , labor way , as if she have four leg instead of two . she signal the armoire bug to stand aside , she back to coraline . coraline hear the soft chirp of she mother 's finger on wet glass ! look around , desperate - where be it come from ?! the cat 's ear twitch and focus , and then he sees something on the mantel !. he whisper to coraline -- cat there ! -- and jump to land beside the detroit zoo snow -globe - opaque with frost . c.u. on snow-globe . with a soft - chirp , a section of glass be wipe clear from inside by a tiny forearm - and we see the tiny , cold figure that be coraline's trapped parent ! coraline 's heart race . she purposely stay back from they . coraline ( whispering ) mom. dad ! on beldam , by little door . oblivious to coraline 's discovery , she cough up the key into she hand . she turn to coraline , expectantly . coraline ( cont 'd ) go on . open it . they will be there , all right . the beldam stoops to push the key into the lock , turn it , leave the key in place . she grin at coraline and speak in a low , sing -song voice . beldam you be wrong , coraline ! she open the little door , revealing the empty , spider - web tunnel . on coraline , who glance from the open door to the cat - obscure on the mantel - and back to the beldam . she 's think very hard . beldam ( cont 'd ) ( pitying ) they be not there . she open she hand : one hold box with coraline 's black button eye , the other a thread needle . triumphant , the beldam softly gloat : beldam ( cont 'd ) now you be go to stay here forever . coraline strike a warrior 's pose , and , summon all the fury she can . coraline no ... I be ... she grab the cat off the mantel and raise he over her head . coraline ( cont 'd ) not ! and she hurl the cat at the beldam . the yowling animal - face shocked with surprise - sail through the air and land right on the astonished witch head . freaked - out , the cat dig in he claw and bite the shriek beldam , who stagger to one side of the little door . coraline grab the snow globe with she parent inside , stow it in she bag , and move out to approach the door from the other side . the beldam flail wildly at the cat . the cat howl like a banshee , raise he claw , and - quick as you can - two shiny black button hit the floor - the beldam' eye ! angle on cat as he 's throw on armoire bug . on beldam , hand cover she face . beldam nooooooooo ! her hand pull away to show empty , flat socket and torn thread ! beldam ( cont 'd ) you horrible cheating girl ! she furiously stomp the floor which fly up in a spiral of floorboard that drive coraline to the room 's center . a huge web trap lie beneath the floor ! the web trap stretch down into a fifty foot deep pit . there be nothing beyond but pale nothingness . the cat scramble along the top of fall furniture straight to the little door and disappear into the tunnel . coraline fall the very bottom of the web . fifty foot above , the beldam laugh maniacally and leap down like a huge , fly spider ! coraline manage to pull herself to the outside of the trap just as the beldam land . the witch - furious she prey have escape - spin around , grasp blindly . beldam ( cont 'd ) noo !! where be you ? you selfish brat !! coraline , near the top , look up and spot the little door , still in the corner wall of the other live room . she go to climb back inside the web , when she bag get caught on a barb . she pull and pull until it break free , send a strong vibration down the spiraling web to the very sensitive hand of the beldam . beldam ( cont 'd ) hahahaha ... the beldam smile - she know where she prey be now ! coraline make it to the little door , but the beldam be coming up behind her very fast ! beldam ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you ... dare ... int . passageway - continuous coraline scramble through the door , key in hand , and grab the door 's handle . before she can shut it , the beldam' head thrust inside . beldam ... disobey you mother ??!! coraline kick her in the face , knock she back . the cat take off down the tunnel . coraline nearly shut the door , when needle finger grab hold through the crack . the door start to pull OPEN ! coraline please ... shut !! the ghost child 's fluttery , dismembered hand fly out from her bag and grab hold of coraline's hand that grip the door 's handle . and she strength be quadrupled . the door start to shut . the beldam snatch desperately at coraline , reach through the close gap with one thin claw . there 's a final moment of resistance - the beldam 's wire - thin wrist catch in the door - and then SNAP ! the door shut , and the beldam 's hand drop to the ground ! she screech like a metal rake on pavement ! coraline just manage to lock the door in the dark when it be pounded from the other side , green light come through crack ! she take off down the tunnel , stoop down , as fast as she can . the pound grow more insistent , green light flash . beldam ( o.s . ) don't leave I ! don't leave I !!! i'll die without you !!!! and then the tunnel behind coraline start to grow shorter , like a collapse accordion and the pound far door with the blind , one - hand beldam on the other side start to catch up to her ! ahead , daylight appear , and then the little door to the real world ! int . real live room - continuous coraline fling herself through the doorway , shut and lock the door and brace herself against it . a split - second later , the other world door catch up with a crash ! coraline be thrown back . but the real - world door and lock , hold . it 's over ... coraline lie on she back , as beat - up and tired as she 's ever be , gulping in breath of air till she heart slow a little . the room be brightly light by sunlight , the first since she move here , and the sky out the window be blue with white cloud . she smile , remember , and turn to she bag with the ghost eye and snow globe with she parent inside . she open it up , and search , shove aside ghost eye and garden shear . but the snow globe be gone ! she get on all four , start search the floor . her hand hit a small puddle by the fireplace , with tiny bit of blue snow . a drip plop down , then another . she look up to the mantel and spot the missing snow globe . she stand up and find that it 's broken OPEN , and neither she parent or the fountain bear be inside . as the last of the snowy liquid drain from the globe , coraline 's face cloud with confusion and fear : what do this mean and where be she parent ? then she wonderfully real mother call to she . mel ( o.s. ) coraline ? we be home ! her true parent enter the room from the hallway , a dusting of snow on they shoulder and hair . coraline Mom ! dad ! I miss you so much ! coraline run to she parent and throw she arm around they . mel miss we ? c.u. on coraline . huh ? mel notice the break snow globe . mel ( cont 'd ) oh no , you break my favorite snow globe . coraline I do not break it . it must have break when you escape . Mom spot she bloody knee . mel and cut you knee . Charlie crouch low , clutching he briefcase . charlie coraline , I ask you to count all the window , not put you knee through they . coraline but - mel tell she . mel well , get yourself clean up , ( warm ) we be go out tonight . charlie we gotta lot to celebrate ! coraline , confuse , take a stab . coraline you be talk about ... you garden catalog ? mel of course ! what else ? her parent turn to leave the room . coraline but look at the snow on you clothes ...? but the snow melt without a trace . mel ( confuse ) what 's get into you , coraline ? her parent walk off . coraline shrug she shoulder and look back to the break snow globe on the mantel . she cock she head , deeply puzzle , then leave the room . dissolve to : ext house - night , sky clear the vw be park out front , its interior light fade as light in coraline 's bedroom window switch on . we hear Charlie make a strangle sound . int . coraline's bedroom - night full moon rising coraline sit in bed -- pajamas wash and patched , wound - dress , hair shine . the key hang from a string around she neck . a gibbous moon shine in the clear night sky . Charlie wrestle with a blue stuff - toy squid like it 's a alien face - hugger then , feigning death , fall on the bed . coraline laugh . coraline so , gonna order the tulip ? he open one eye , pretend he 's never hear about this . charlie what 's that ? coraline for the garden party !! he sit up and kid she , tickle she face with the squid . charlie I have no idea what you be talk about . coraline dad ! she turn to Mom , arrange thing on a shelf . coraline ( cont 'd ) so , mom. invitation ? do not forget the invitation . her mother nod , point up . mel even bobinsky ? coraline Mr. B 's not drunk , Mom , he 's just ... eccentric . Charlie laugh . he bend down to kiss she . charlie good night , coraline . as he step away , mel slip a slim box under the cover next to she daughter . she give coraline a " tell you so " look , and she and Charlie leave the room . coraline sit up excitedly and open the box - it 's the GREEN and orange glove she would want ! she pull one on to admire when the black cat appear outside she window coraline oh , hello again . she walk over to the window , open it . coraline ( cont 'd ) you still mad ? his expression say yes , he 's still mad . coraline ( cont 'd ) I be really sorry I throw you at she - the other mother ? ­ it be all I could think of . the cat 's angry expression soften . he rest he head on she hand , lick she finger and purr . coraline exhales with relief then pick he up and carry he over to she bed . she grab she collect bag and take out the large pearl , the circus ball , and the grey stickshift knob . she hold they out to the cat . coraline ( cont 'd ) I think it 's time , do not you ? to set they free ? the cat nod . she put the ghost eye under she pillow and gently lay down , the cat lie beside she . the two of they close they eye , and in no time at all , they doze off to sleep . we slowly tilt up . match move dissolve to : ext . dreamscape - magic time a magic art sky animate subtly . cam tilt down on coraline , study sky , she back to we . from behind cam , chime sound and gold light begin to shine on she . she turn toward we , shield she eye . coraline 's eye adjust to the brightness to see the three ghost child , now transformed into golden angel ; eye restore , small flutter wing on there back . sweet girl ghost it 's a fine , fine thing you do for we , miss . coraline well , I be glad it 's finally over ! a shadow cross the face of the three child . they gather around coraline and bow they head . sweet girl ghost ( sigh ) it be over and do with ... for we . Silent beat . coraline what about ...me ? the tall girl ghost shift uncomfortably , then blurt out : tall girl ghost you be in terrible danger , girl ! coraline be stunne and gesture for a explanation . coraline but how ? I lock the door !? sweet girl ghost it 's the key , miss , there 's only one and the beldam will find it . the key on the string around coraline 's neck float out in front of coraline . she grab it . the three ghost child all embrace coraline tenderly . boy ghost ( whisper ) tai not all bad , miss . thou art alive ... thou art still ... live ... they begin to swirl around she , spin faster and faster . coraline start to turn and then she -- CUT to : int . coraline's bedroom - night -- roll herself awake in her own bed . fast pull back above she to find cover throw off and the cat awake by she side . coraline lift up she pillow and gasp - the ghost eye be in piece like hatched bird egg . she take out the key on its string and explain to the cat , she voice panicked : coraline I -- I have gotta hide this somewhere , s- somewhere she can never ... the cat do not like the sound of this . coraline grab she blanket and head to she door . but the cat leap down and block she way . coraline ( cont 'd ) outta my way ! she sidestep the cat and leave she room . the cat glare after she int . house stairway , lower hall , live room - continuous coraline trot down the stair and purposefully head down the hall . she pass the live room and exit frame . camera stay on live room , where , on the little door in the corner wall , shadow and light start to move . we rocket in and -- jump CUT to : int . live room - continuous the baseboard be pushed aside . through the narrow gap at the door 's bottom , the dismembered hand of the beldam crawl out . it scramble out of frame in the direction of coraline ! ext rocky path high above house - same coraline move briskly , the house below , gripping the key that 's tie round she neck . dark , ropey cloud reach like finger across the gibbous moon . coraline sing she father 's nonsense song , she voice hardly tremble . coraline oh .... my twitchy witchy girl , I think you be so nice ... ext . orchard - same she move down past the old fruit tree , now cover with bright spring blossom that fall gently like snow . coraline ... I give you bowl of porridge and I give you bowl of ice cream . low angle on coraline , move away . the beldam' hand drop into frame and creep -crawls after she . coraline ( cont 'd ) I give you lot of kiss , and I give you lot of hug ... ext . well - same coraline jam the same dead branch wybie use under the well 's cover , lining it up over the same fulcrum rock . coraline ... but I never give you sandwich with grease and worm and mung bean . circle around behind the big stump , the hand scamper behind one rock to a bush to a tree , come closer . coraline manage to lever the well 's cover off to one side , leave the whole well OPEN . huffing and sweat , she wipe she brow , then take the key string that 's around she neck . the hand , seeing what be about to happen , race toward her ! coraline lift string and key , not quite over she head . the hand jump onto the big stump and spring through the air to grab the key and pull coraline to the ground ! coraline make a choked scream , she finger catch between the key string and she neck ! the hand want to drag her back to the house and the little locked door that be breathing with anticipation ! a blinding headlight hit hand and coraline ; a AIR horn sound ; and wybie lovat - holler a battle cry all he own - come speed down the bluff on he whining electric bike ! wybie yahhhhh !!!! wybie gun the throttle , and , lean out , grab the confuse hand with he slug tong ! he circle around and head toward the well , readying to throw the hand in . but the hand get free , and grab he handlebar . out of control , wybie 's bike hit a rock , and wybie and hand be thrown right down the well . hollering , he just manage to hang on with one hand ! the beldam 's hand , catch on wybie 's coattail , scramble up he body and face and onto the well 's edge where it stab at he finger to make he fall ! wybie ( cont 'd ) ( struggling ) get off !! coraline , choke , rise to she foot . she grab she blanket and - in the still - blaze headlight of the crash bike - she run up and throws it over the hand . it fight like crazy as coraline wrestle to control it . the hand stab through the blanket and shake it off . it crouch to attack she ! and then wybie be back , pump with adrenaline , a big rock raise over he head ! he hurl it down on the leaping hand ! and it break into twenty lifeless needle . wybie struggle to catch he breath . coraline - breathe hard - remove the key and string from around she sore neck . she pull up the corner of she blanket - with the needle on it - around the rock , and tie it all together with the string . the key be leave attach . the two friend carry the heavy package to the well and drop it down the hole . by the light of a stray moonbeam , they watch and listen until it make a muffle splash in the dark water at the bottom . they slide the well cover in place . still catch he breath , wybie stand , hold he injure hand , its glove rip by the beldam 's claw . he look over at coraline as the scene brighten a little with moonlight . wybie ( cont 'd ) I - I be really sorry I do not believe you about all this ... evil stuff , coraline . coraline , shoulder rise as she catch she breath , stand and smile : he call she by real name for the first time . coraline why do you change you mind ? he walk over , and take out a old b&amp ; W photo from he jacket . wybie w-well , gramma show I this picture , after I call you crazy ? he hand it to she . angle on photo : two light -skin black girl - dress in old - fashioned clothing - stand in front of the pink Palace , before it be divide into apartment . one look just like the sweet ghost girl , and hold the doll with button eye , which look just like she . wybie ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) it 's she and she sister , before she disappear . angle on wybie and coraline . behind they , blossom fall like snow in the orchard . coraline the sweet ghost girl . wybie 's grandmother , loud and worried , call from the distance . wybie' grandmother ( o.c. ) wyborne ! come home !! wybie ( be : he grandmother ) oh , man ... what be I go to tell she ? she look up from the photo and smile . coraline just bring she by the house tomorrow . we can tell she together . wybie we ...we can ?? coraline you know , I be glad you decide to stalk I . she give wybie a playful punch on the arm and laugh . wybie be not my idea . the black cat jump up on the tree stump and merowws . coraline smile . we tilt up to the sky and see the last ropey cloud - like two claw hand - clear away from the bright gibbous moon . dissolve to : ext house , garden - day one white balloon float against a blue sky with puffy , white cloud . we tilt down past more balloon to a table of refreshment , set up by the front gate . coraline pick up a tray of drink and head out to she hard - work guest , all wear garden glove and show sign of have help plant about two hundre red tulip . spink and forcible , along with they dog , be set up at a table below the step . empty plant carton be stack nearby along with some garden tool and empty bag of peat moss . coraline thanks for help I , miss spink , miss forcible . miss forcible ( strain to see ) oh , look April - pink lady ! coraline actually , it 's just lemonade . coraline hand they the beverage , then nod towards the grey dog digging in the flower . coraline ( cont 'd ) how 's angus do ? miss spink sigh . miss spink oh , much better , dear ... but he can not duck he wing forever ! coraline head up the step to find she parent dump a heavy bag of peat moss around the dead - look tree in the stone circle . charlie here come a burp . Charlie burp . mel ( scolding ) Charlie ! charlie oh , excu -say - moi , but that pizza be delicious . mel sigh . coraline cold drink ? Charlie nod , grab they for mel and wybie . charlie ( happily ) oh yeah , great ! mel ( skeptical ) you be right , coraline . I really hate dirt , but the tulip look nice . coraline thanks , mom . coraline , delighted , move on . coraline come upon bobinsky in the bottom of the drain fish pond . he 's stealthily pulling just - plant tulip from the dirt there , and put beet in they place . mr. bobinsky ( o.s. ) ( pull beet ) ooo , dret nican ... neit , neit ... da , da , that iz possible . coraline clear her throat to get he attention . coraline how be the meeshkas , Mr. b? surprise and look very guilty , he try to cover up he activity . she smile and hand he a drink . mr. bobinsky ( smile ) dey tell I that you - be saviour , caroline . and -- soon as dey be ready -- dey vish to give special tenk - you performance . he drain he glass of lemonade . a familiar voice be hear approach . coraline turn and smile . wybie' grandmother ( o.c. ) wyborne , I know where I be go -- angle on wybie and he grandmother as they walk through the garden gate wybie' grandmother ( cont 'd ) -- I grow up here . coraline see they and wave . coraline welcome , Ms. lovat ! the old lady look up and smile . wybie' grandmother oh , hello . coraline I be coraline Jones -- I have get so much to tell you ! mel ( o.c. ) ( background dialog ) here . charlie ( o.c. ) ( background dialog ) thanks . miss spink ( o.c. ) ( background dialog ) ooo , do you want to pop a little gin in it dear ? miss forcible ( o.c. ) ( background dialog ) of course ! camera pull up from the garden , fly over the house and boom down to the pink palace apartment sign out front . on top of the sign sit the black cat , who look right into camera , blink , then walk behind the thin post that hold the sign and disappear . the end