corte original screenplay Nicholas Kazan revised ext . tenochtitlan . moonlit night . a man in a loincloth run along a causeway . the moon hang in the water behind he . a conch - shell trumpet blow . ancient haunt call ... legend : City of tenochtitlan Aztec year : 1 bundle , 13 rabbit the runner be carry something . sprint all out , for he life . CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . night . the runner breathless , babbling in a language we cannot understand . he throw down what he be carry . facing he be a papa ( Priest ) dress in black robe , long black hair matte with blood , 4 " fingernails , bloody earlobe , wild eye . the papa wave he hand , dismiss the runner , and bend down to pick up the runner 's burden . CUT to : int . moctezuma's sleeping quarter . night . the papa enter hesitantly . as he move through the dark room , we glimpse furnishings which suggest a austere elegance . a low " bed " cover with a spectacular feather blanket ... the papa pass the empty bed , go out onto a : ext . border roof . night . from the rear : moctezuma stare at a comet blaze in the sky . the papa speak , eye lower to the ground . moctezuma reply with a single word . the papa set down the runner 's burden and leave . moctezuma turn and stare at what be on the ground : corpse of a large bird . the Emperor 's feature betray no reaction - he 's see it before - but he eye fill with sick apprehension of he fate . he turn back toward the comet . run he hand along the parapet . no ... along a snake . 5 - foot python . we hear a smokey old voice : diaz ( v.0 . ) forget it . with a ease suggest great familiarity , moctezuma pick up the snake and carry it inside ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) forget who you be ... where you be ... what you know . dissolve to : int . cuban country house . afternoon . rain assault the window as a half - dozen hidalgos ( landowner ) and they wife feast , drink , and listen to a wild and ribald story . diaz ( v.0 . ) forget it all and come . CUT to : ext . road . afternoon . a rain of obliteration , seemingly capable of wash away we memory . a carriage hurtle through the storm . diaz ( v.0 . ) come with I , back to my youth ... inside the carriage diero , a sniveling hunchback , hand wring , eye gleam . diaz ( v.0 . ) back to the great military campaign in human history . CUT to : int . cuban ranch house . afternoon . from this few moment inside this house , we will infer the state of western civilization . everything proudly display yet primitive : we be scarcely out of the Middle Ages . diaz ( v.0 . ) cuba. 1519 . just 27 year after Columbus . it be the time , the place , and the age ...of cortes . MAIN title : corte continue MAIN title . as the title flash , we focus on the man tell the ribald story . diaz ( v.0 . ) when I meet he , he seem like any other man . volume up faintly in the room . corte , 34 , be speak with mock sophistication of the youthful fantasy which draw he to Cuba . corte yes , of course I dreamt of knighthood and wealth , but the real dream be : to go where no Christian have go ... to see what no Christian have see ... his audience in the palm of he hand ... corte ( cont 'd ) but first there be a marry woman who have smile at I and I wonder ... they laugh , and he continue ( volume down ) : how he be chase by a angry husband , break he leg , and have to stay in Spain another year diaz ( v.0 . ) cortes laugh , drank , tell a good story . he look happy ; but , like many other man , he life be not as good or peaceful as it seem . corte ' wife sit at the far end of the table . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he have be force to marry he wife , and do not love she . Pan to another woman , odder and more beautiful than he wife . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the woman he love he could not have . Pan along he friend : idle gentry . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and_his friend be man he want to love , but could not find cause . ( the camera approach he face ) cortes ... be a man ... who be wait ... cortes finish he story , to laughter and applause , immediately interrupt by : pounding at the door . the knock of fate . a servant usher in a drench diero . corte come in , come in , my little twisted gnome . sit down ! have some wine ! diero velasquez be send another expedition to Yucatan Island . for a instant cortes stop short - diero snatch some wine and head off toward another room ... cortes stare after he , then recover he " amiable " exterior : corte I have always admire he beautiful manners . ( to the other ) Excuse I . corte ' library . moment later . diero drink directly from the wine bottle ... diero the Governor want bermudez to head the expedition , but perhaps , with my influence ... he stare at cortes with glee , relishing he power . to he dismay , cortes be remarkably matter - of - fact . corte how much do you want ? diero half you profit . he smile nervously , think cortes will erupt angrily . instead cortes stare at he with a expression close to amusement then he stick out he hand . diero stare at the hand , hesitates ( should he ask for more ? ) and shake . the deal be do . diero ( cont 'd ) well , I ...guess I will join the other . ( retreate ) I can not believe it be so easy . he start out . as the door be close : corte nothing be that easy . meaning : he will not pay . he open the shutter , stare out at the rain . we study he face . cheekbone rise , nostril flaring slightly ... something be happen to he . something dramatic . like a caterpillar turn into a butterfly ... only this be masculine . he cross the room and pull a curtain . revealing : a map of " the known world . " Europe be carefully draw but dispropor tionately large and central . Africa be sketch . Asia be huge , vague . South America do not exist at all . below North America be Cuba , and below Cuba be the Yucatan " island . " handwritten on the Yucatan : " per cordoba and grijalva expedition . " cortes stare at the map and dip he quill into ink . from the Yucatan , he draw a arrow westward . deep into what we now know to be Pacific Ocean , he pen stop . he draw a question mark . stare at it . set down he quill ... the fire in he eye would light a city . CUT to : int . government build . day . cortes stand before don diego velasquez , Governor of Cuba . velasquez ... explore the area , and trade with the native . you be not to venture inland , not to settle the land , not on any cause to consort with indian woman . as velasquez drone on , we realize : cortes be not just accept he commission ; he 's also - despite he respectful pose - carefully study he patron . diaz ( v.0 . ) Don Diego velasquez , conqueror and Governor of Cuba , vassal of King carlos of Spain , benefactor and future enemy of hernan cortes . ( as camera move in on velasquez ) he be a man rule by cowardice , fear , and greed . remember he face . ( more ) there wal hq( gq\ tapaoment in we campaign when this man 's spectre do not stalk we ... yet we never see he again . velasquez finish he speech , lick he fat lip cortes make a stand bow with he hat . velasquez move away . cortes turn toward a crucifix , kneel quickly , and cross himself . we realize that the bow toward velasquez be pro forma ; cortes be now pay homage to he true master . velasquez stare at he , realize the same thing ... CUT to : ext . dock . day . Men load a ship . some plain and rough , some gentry ; even the gentry be tough , self - make man , rather than limp aristocrat . cortes ' banner fly high over a line of recruiting table set up on the dock . we move down the line : 1st interviewer which expedition be you on ? 2nd recruit , with scar ( villafana ) ( charming grin ) I want a cauldron full of gold . third interviewer ( velasquez do leon ) .a business venture ! if you contribute money , a musket , a horse , then you get extra share . corte ( FOURTH interviewer ) I write to you father , not you ! you be too young ! he 's address gonzalo de sandoval , whose enthusiasm , intensity , and slight stammer make he very likeable and somewhat comic . sandoval I be t-t-twenty - two ! corte exactly . tend to you pimple . sandoval I have not have a pimple in year . find I a place or I will stow with the rat ! 7. as sandoval step aside , the third interviewer ( juan velasquez do leon , 27 ) mutter something to cortes about the applicant he 's interview : pedro do alvarado , 34 , a golden boy with long red hair a massive physique , a gold chain , and sublime confidence . alvarado be not trouble what we be look for ? I be stronger than any man in you army , and happier , I can wiggle my ear , and I can pulla horse down with one hand . cortes stare at he . but he stare be interrupt by a terrible squawk from the other end of the dock . cortes glance that way , turn back to Alvarado : corte step over there . Alvarado saunter to one side as the commotion move toward they : cristobal do olid , protest loudly , be be drag by three men . olid be so strong he could toss the other into the drink , so we sense he 's actually come of he own free will . corte ( cont 'd ) senor cristobal ! so nice of you to visit . how be you headache ? cristobal olid try to make I join , I will kill you . corte no , no , you misunderstand . I bring you here for a contest of strength . cristobal olid do not bore I . corte this man claim he can beat you . alvarado not just you . I can beat anybody . corte ( motion : see ? ) | please . teach he some humility . cristobal olid I be not a schoolmarm . corte you be walk from a challenge ? cristobal blink , stalk to Alvarado , hold out he right arm with a confidence that be electrify : no way he can lose . 8 . Alvarado grab the outstretch hand , and they commence . a terrifying display of raw strength . corte ' page sprint down the dock and whisper to cortes . cortes turn to puertocarrero , a shy , handsome nobleman . corte ( cont 'd ) how soon can we sail ? puertocarrero two-three day . corte how many minute ? diero be head toward they , accompany by armed soldier . puertocarrero make for the boat , start shouting order . the contest of strength continue : so equal it 's comic . both man strain and grunt , but they hand do not move even a millimeter . as diero approach , cortes motion to a second page , hide in one of the dock building . the second page unmuzzle and release a mastiff , which race toward the man , bark fiercely , leaping up on they - cristobal curse , flail at the dog with he free arm , which allow : Alvarado to throw cristobal to the deck . diero try to speak with cortes - cristobal leap up , enraged - corte ( cont 'd ) ( to cristobal ) it 's true , then . he be stronger ? ( to diero ) one minute . cristobal olid that miserable cur almost bit I ! I demand a proper contest ! corte we be sailing . only way to get satisfaction be to come along . cristobal glare . cortes take he aside , ignore diero 's protest - corte ( cont 'd ) I will give you a quarter of my profit . cristobal olid what profit ? you be go to die . corte then do it out of friendship . cristobal olid I never like you . cortes roll he eye . clearly they have a friendship , but cristobal be professionally grumpy - corte for glory then ? cristobal olid whose ? you will get it all . corte ( clutching at straw ) we : hear the native woman . three hour with one of they be worth a five year affair here in Cuba . and you can take as many as you want . cristobal olid a hundred ? cortes do a slight double - take , quickly recover : corte two hundred , or more ... cristobal nod soberly . certainly a factor worth consider . diero , cortes ! as mayor of this town and emissary of the governor , I demand - corte what be it , my friend ? diero you be under arrest . if you do not go quietly , my soldier will fire . the Soldiers aim they musket at cortes . corte what be I charge with ? diero treason . plott to exceed you authority and conquer the Indians . both man look up at cortes ' banner , which read : " comrade : follow the sign of the cross and through it we shall conquer . " cortes stare at the musket . he do not seem to have much choice . he hold out he hand to be manacle , and for a moment it seem we story will be over before it begin . 10 . diaz ( v.0 . ) look back , I have often wonder how many man , in cortes ' place , would even have make it out of port ? as the Soldiers move to shackle cortes , he say loudly : corte but I must caution you . this man already feel loyalty to I . I can not be responsible for what they might do to you town , or you person - diero ( outrage ) you be incite they to - corte ( quiet confidence ) no . if I incite they , you will know it . ( as diero hesitates ) we sail in ten minute . ( give he he excuse ) what a pity you do not get here in time to stop we . diero nod . he will accept this ploy . corte ( cont 'd ) you cowardly sack of slime . ( as diero bridle ) just a figure of speech . ( embrace he , whisper : ) do not forget you 50 % ! diero you will regret that insult . corte no . I will either dine with trumpet or die on the gallow , but I 'l regret nothing . cortes head toward he ship , puertocarrero at he side . on the deck of the ship : a_ huge pile of crucifix of vary size . corte ( cont 'd ) how short be we ? puertocarrero fifty man and half we supplies . corte we will stop in Havana . he notice sandoval climb aboard ship - 11 . corte ( cont 'd ) hey ! kid ! sandoval wince : he get catch . corte ( cont 'd ) can you look a man in the eye and lie ? sandoval I can learn . corte how old be you ? sandoval look cortes straight in the eye : sandoval t-t-t-twenty -five . corte ( playful ) Jesus . that be awful . he motion for sandoval to jump on board . as they do - CUT to : ext . ship . night . flapping sail suggest ocean voyage . hold . then pan down to thick fog : like a mysterious , sinister intimation ... cortes pace the deck . in the b.g. , the other ship be anchore close at hand . Men be assemble on the deck of all the ship ... diaz ( v.0 . ) it be only 150 mile from Cuba to the coast of the Yucatan . none of we have any idea the true distance we be travel . cortes pause , look at botello , a small exotic man nervously examine tarot card and dispense gloom to three deckhand . puertocarrero come up to cortes and nod : the man be ready . cortes climb to the topdeck and peer out : posture of a great lord . his voice echoe in the fog : corte my friend , my partner . tomorrow we land . tomorrow we place we life and fortune in the hand of God , for we know not where we go , who we meet , what horror we encounter , if there will be man or arm or beast far stronger , more numerous , and more terrifying than we own ... ( more ) 12 . we can peoree beangtdan1y one thing : wherever we go , we shall find three league of bad road . ( pregnant pause ) but we be spaniard ! ! ! the man cheer wildly . corte ( cont 'd ) few in number , but strong in arm , ... and will ... and resolution . stronger still in the love of god. with his Grace may we go . in his name may we survive ... ( peer out at fog ) the unknown . the man cheer , but a slight chill linger : the unknown ... into this chill step the acerbic priest , father olmeda . as he begin the Latin mass , we : CUT to : ext . spanish camp ( yucatan ) . day . flat beach ; few tree . in the center of camp , a mapmaker ( martin LOPEZ , tall , stork - like ) use ink , finger , and fingernail to draw the Yucatan on a scroll . he mark the spot where they land . insert - map ( see next page ) ext . spanish camp mundane detail . Men wash clothes , swatting mosquito , clean off the large pile of crucifix . the mastiff run around wag its tail , pee . one common soldier , very young , be eat a orange and carefully place the seed in a handkerchief . diaz ( v.0 . ) the Yucatan be so name because the first spaniard who land ask the name of the country , and the native answer , " tectetan , " meaning , " I do not understand you . " the camera move out of camp , into the dense brush . a lone indian . motionless . watch the spaniard ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we corrupt the word to " Yucatan . " so the place be name , " I do not understand you . " commotion in camp . a scouting party be return with spoil : a few trinket and 50 turkey chick . Alvarado wave a fistful of fowl : 13 . alvarado chicken here ! good fat chicken ! Fresh grub for everybody ! corte how do you get this " chicken ? " alvarado sandoval they give they to we . we t-took they . Alvarado glare at sandoval , then wink : it 's okay , no sweat . corte ( cont 'd ) and the trinket ? alvarado they be hardly worth 50 , 60 peso . corte the next man who steal will be hang !! we be here to make friend , be that understand ?! sandoval yes sir ! alvarado ( mock ) yes sir ! corte ( be : Alvarado 's tone ) be you a moron ? alvarado well ( grin ) people 's have say it . but I do not really agree . cortes can not help smile . this kind of jerk be hard to resist . alvarado ( cont 'd ) besides , I do make friend with the Indians . they like I - we glide away from they , down the line of 16 horse : diaz ( v.0 . ) the thing I remember most about the Yucatan be not the turkey chick but something that seem a mere curiosity . the last of the horseman be hold a human skull . he pass it down to cortes , who examine it briefly and toss it to he page . 14 . the youthful page inspect it with curious morbidity ... clearly the first time he 's handle such a thing . he hold it up to the light and we realize with a sicken shock : this be a omen . CUT to : ext . a BAY in lush forest . day . the Spanish ship be harbore in the bay , some lifeboat toward the shore ... b.g . the man be row diaz ( v.o . we sail on to tabasco . suddenly 100 Indians emerge from the wood , leap into the water - spaniard leap into the water too . the camera move in on sandoval , who be quickly surround by four indian ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we first military skirmish be unimportant save one thing . four Indians surround sandoval . they could easily have kill he , but they do not even attempt it . all they try to do be take he prisoner . it seem strange ... sandoval be rescue by two countryman . the Indians retreat . sandoval sigh with relief ... then stare after the Indians : why do not they kill I ??? CUT to : ext . spanish camp . ( veracruz ) . day . cortes cut a cross into a silk cotton tree . corte I claim this land in the name of God and he majesty King carlos . Father olmeda nod . velasquez De Leon glare at cortes ... cortes ' page usher over two indian captive and melchior the translator , a indian wear a long red Spanish cloak . page two captive , my liege . corte and can we invaluable translator speak they dialect ? melchior yes , my lord . 15 . corte ( to melchior ) when you be capture by the previous expedition , be not it near to here ? melchior blink . cortes laugh , quickly change the subject corte ( cont 'd ) this Indians have gold trinket . where do they get they ? melchior translate . the captive point East and say , " Mexico . " corte ( cont 'd ) " Mexico ? " be that a river ? melchior ( a beat , then : ) no , a lake . corte I see . ask they what danger we face . at this question , the Indians converse in a animated fashion . cortes watch they keenly , sense something . he interrupt : corte ( cont 'd ) how large be this approach army ? melchior do a double - take - _.cortes ( cont 'd ) when will it get here ? melchior a week ? maybe more . cortes nod . he know melchior be lie . corte good . then we have time to prepare , do not we ? CUT to : ext . camp . dawn . cortes walk , watch , check on he man . he pass Martin Lopez , add to he map . we notice that Lopez have now find a quill pen to use for he mapmake . insert - map ( see next page ) 16 . spanish camp . as cortes walk on , we notice the extraordinary beauty of the natural , surroundings . every tree be virgin forest : lus sweet , dense ; we can almost smell the rich foliage . corte comrade ! a_ soldier , cervante ( a buffoon with a distinctive blond beard ) , be sleep on he watch . he wake with a start , see cortes , and scramble to he foot - corte ( cont 'd ) go remind everyone ; the penalty for sleep on watch be death . cervante yes sir ! , thank you , sir ! I promise I be not drink , sir ! cervantes scurries off . he pass a red cloak drape over a tree branch . it be melchior 's cloak , flap eerily in the wind ... as cortes approach it , he see de Leon watch he - corte I suppose it 's better to have no translator than one whose loyalty be divide ... velasquez do leon divide loyalty can be a problem . ( gesture toward the cross mark in the tree ) you cut the tree in the King 's name , not velasquez 's . corte but that 's understand : we serve you cousin velasquez , but every glory go to God and King carlos . velasquez do leon a very good answer ... for now . corte you think I will mutiny against you cousin ? I give my word that will not happen . velasquez the lionheart nod , surprised and pleased . a alarm sound , a call to battle . corte ( cont 'd ) will you fight at my side ? 17 . velasquez De Leon buckle he armor . CUT to : ext . battlefield . day . 10,000 Indians in wild feathered costume , face paint black and white , hurtle toward : panish infantry . they cock they musket and fire . he first line of Indians fall - he whole indian army stop short . ewilderment inside the Indians ' head ... he musketeer re-load as the crossbowman fire ... ss 1 1 pilence . you can hear the tree rustle . you can also hear the awe and 1 more Indians fall . but the rest of the native seem to realize : this be the nature of the battle . they resume fight . he next time the spaniard fire , the Indians keep come . 1 quickly the battle be join . Hand - to-hand combat : fierce , athletic and competitive . ( underneath , barely audible : a rumbling SOUND . ) the spaniard stay in tight formation , back to each other , so they rear be protect and they superior weaponry can prevail . the Indians fight as individual seek captive . we realize : this be a army of soldier versus . a band of warrior . as the rumbling SOUND grow louder , we focus on cristobal : in battle he be a different man . a animal . fierce , wild , fearless , the equivalent of 20 man , he seem to rejoice in battle . we admiration grow with each second we watch he ... and then he speak : cristobal I be get cranky ! where the hell be the damn - ( cavalry ! ) then he too hear the rumbling . turn to see the Indians watch : the cavalry race toward they . horse . this huge beast , spit fly from they mouth , the incredible musculature of they chest , this wild look in they eye ... diaz ( v.0 . ) we know from the two previous expedition that the native have never see horse before . the Indians gape in consternation but stand they ground until the horse , only yard away , be rein in so that they raise they front leg in a apparent attack posture - the Indians flee in terror ... 18 . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) they think this beast be centaur , magical creature : half - man , half -hornless deer . as the cavalry give chase , the Indians vanish into the wood . CUT to : ext . spanish camp . day . Men relax , enjoy the victory . cortes sit under a copse of palm and watch as he page lead a horse toward he . diaz ( v.0 . ) this battle give we Captain he first brilliant idea . a small mare be in heat . cortes shake he head , direct he page to a different spot . satisfied , cortes nod and the mare be tethere . she squat and rub she bottom on the ground . CUT to : ext . spanish camp . evening . cortes under the same palm tree ; the mare be go . abbrne chver have hole in they lip and - eare - to which ring and stone disk have be insert . cortes lead the cacique to the spot where the mare be sit . they bow to he ; he bow back . no - one to translate . cortes signal , and he page lead a stallion with rider toward they . the horse whinny loudly , smell the ground , snort , paw the ground ... he 's stare right at the Indians ... the Indians cower . why be this beast so angry at they ? cortes mime : he want food . the indian Chiefs nod anxiously and back away in fear - CUT to : ext . spanish camp . riverbank . the next day . a indian procession . porter bring food , follow by ten beautiful native girl ( nine naked to the waist ) , and lastly : five chief . in the center , support by several man because he 's too large to walk , be the fat cacique , they leader . 19 . diaz ( v.0 . ) as cortes request , food come ... and other gift . but this Indians be not the one we would be fight . instead , they come from cempoala . we be learn that , as in ancient Greece , the land here be divide not into country , but into city - state . as the half - naked girl approach , the spaniard - cristobal most especially - stare with undisguise lust ... alvarado I like the one in green . cristobal stick out he hand : arm-wrestle ? alvarado ( cont 'd ) no , no , you be champion now . you pick first . cristobal ( nod , stare ) actually , I like they all . the fat cacique arrive in front of cortes , dismount from he litter with some difficulty , and attempt to bow . cortes stifles a smile and bow back later . nine indian Girls be be baptize by Father olmeda as the Spanish captain look on , admire the girl ' breast ... corte I trust no man cast a lascivious eye on a religious ceremony ... cristobal the contrary . we be fill with awe at what the Lord have create . velasquez De Leon approach , precede by the tallest and most beautiful of the Native Girls , marina , still fully clothed . velasquez do leon Captain , this one speak Spanish . as cortes look she over ) she claim to have be a princess . corte what 's you name ? marina malinali tenepal . you will call I marina . 20 . corte I will , eh ? how do you learn Spanish ? marina when my father die , my mother the Queen sell I as a slave to favor the child of she second husband . another slave , with I , be a Spaniard . corte from which expedition ? she shrug . corte ( cont 'd ) where be this Spaniard now ? marina gone. ( i.e. , dead ) corte he be you lover , then ? marina ( flat ) no . cortes stare at she . she stare back . a pride both admirable and infuriate ... corte so ... you own family , you own mother , betrayed you . marina she betrayed herself . he stifles a smile of appreciation . corte since you be a princess and deserve the best , I give you ... ( look over he man , seem to focus on Alvarado ) to my good friend ... puertocarrero . puertocarrero step forward , blink , shy but quite pleased . marina shoot he the briefest glance . corte ( cont 'd ) however , you will be on call day and night as my translator . conch shell trumpet sound . 21 . a cortege of ornately dress indian approach . they clothing , hairstyle , and manner all set they apart from the cempoalan . in fact , the fat cacique be be carry toward a dense grove of mangrove tree . he 's gesture frantically : hurry , hurry ! the rest of he tribe precede he . in second , they be go . cortes glance at marina , then at the approach Indians - marina aztecs . they have conquer most of this town from a city , Mexico , high in the mountain . corte Mexico ? where the gold be ? marina they call it " excrement of the god . " corte then you - you be not a Aztec ? marina never . the mexican conquer m city , they rule harshly , throug ear . her eye dart toward the wood where the cempoalan be hide . cortes follow she gaze . corte good . she shoot he a glance . why " good ? " the aztec arrive . they simple cloak and sandal evoke the garb of the ancient Greeks . on the other hand , they ear , lip , and nose be garnish with pendant form of precious stone . servant cloud the air with copal incense , other display gift . three prince touch the ground , then they head , in greeting . they speak alternately , diffuse they identity . marina they come from the great Lord moctezuma who send this gift as a token of friendship . they say he capital be too far to travel to , and the road beset with too many enemy ... corte good god. 22 . the servant have set out two magnificent circular plate , one silver , the other gold , both as large as carriage wheel . the silver plate represent the moon , the gold one the sun . both be ornately wringht with calendar sign and image of god . cortes ' young page ( who , through dress and manner , suggest the come of the modern mercantile age ) step forward to recount : page the gold plate alone be worth 20,000 peso and the workmanship surpass anything in Europe . corte this bribe whet my appetite . marina we Indians say : the great the gift , the great the King . corte tell they I too come from a powerful King who order I to pay personal respects to Lord moctezuma , of whose greatness he have long hear tell . as I have have a difficult journey over the sea , I dare not return home without see moctezuma face to face . sandoval King carlos do not know - cortes silence he with a look - one of the Aztec prince reply testily : marina " you hardly arrive and you insist on see on we Emperor 's face ? " one Prince point at something , and the other jabber excitedly . cortes watch this , then glance inquiringly at marina . marina ( cont 'd ) they call you " teule . " god . or perhaps that send by the god ... cortes nod thoughtfully ... marina ( cont 'd ) ( point ) that soldier 's helmet remind they of the War God huitzilopochtli . cortes whisper to he page , who run to fetch the gilt helmet . 23 . corte they may take this helmet to show the great moctezuma . uprovide they return it fill with gold . we Spanish suffer a disease of the heart which can only be cure by gold . he gesture , and four horse approach , they bell jingling . the aztecs stand , mouth agape , watch the horse . a Aztec scribe quickly paint the horse onto bark paper . he have already sketch cortes , marina , and the Spanish ship . on corte and marina walk together . corte the helmet , horse . be that why they call we god ? marina you look , ship , clothing - it 's all strange to they . you be not like man . so what be you ? corte ( nod , answer : ) god . which one ? marina they mention the great teule quetzalcoatl . 500 year ago he sail to the East , promise to return . he have light hair , like some of you man . perhaps you be he . perhaps King carlos be . perhaps this , you come , fulfill a ancient prophecy . ( as cortes think ) you must know : to the Aztec , prophecy be law . it be even the same word . we see a thousand calculation race through cortes ' mind ... corte you say the aztecs rule , but the other city hate and fear they ? marina yes . corte then we can win . 24 . they have reach the wood where the fat cacique and the other cempoalan be hide . corte ( cont 'd ) ask he if he be a vassal of the great moctezuma ? she speak ; the fat cacique quickly reply : marina " who be not ? " tell he we will protect he . we be god , and we will be indomitable . he watch the indian Chief 's face as marina translate . then he eye turn to she : clearly he find she impressive . he look back at the fat cacique : diaz ( v.0 . ) cortes ' word have the desire effect , but he be soon to learn ... CUT to : ext . spanish camp . hour later . as Spanish troops admire moctezuma 's gift , velasquez De Leon and cristobal approach cortes ' tent . he sit outside polish he boot . diaz ( v.0 . ) ... that we will , of which he speak with such pride , be already weaken . velasquez do leon it be time to return to Cuba . cortes stare at he . cristobal olid we speak for many of the man . corte be something wrong with the girl I give you ? cristobal olid no , she 's very ... primitive ... ( smile , then frown ) but so be the mosquito here they have activate my skin rash - 25 . velasquez do leon and consider the gift moctezuma have already give we - corte do you leave the table if the appetizer be savory ? velasquez do leon we be send here to make contact to_ trade ! we have do so . we have gold beyond we expectation - corte whose expectation ? velasquez do leon and - most important - we have do we duty and complete we mission . anything more would be mutiny . cortes stare at he . corte you be right . of course . we sail in the morning . cristobal grin , de Leon be take aback . corte ( cont 'd ) please spread word among the man . CUT to : minute later . from a distance we see the news disseminate and the expression of incredulity and outrage it evoke . a angry crowd be descend on cortes ' tent . cortes continue to polish he boot , seemingly oblivious to the uproar . but he attention be focus on : outside a nearby tent , puertocarrero and marina sit on the grass . CUT to : a hour later . the whole Spanish company assemble in front of cortes ' tent . the Captain be argue with Alvarado , puertocarrero , other : corte but I can not exceed my authority ! alvarado hang you authority ! what about you duty to we ? ( more ) 26 . you proms¥barqq0 'gend dand glory ! be we to return home like gypsy with a few trinket ? cortes stare at he , at the other . he jump up on a makeshift table , and the man quiet . corte the decision I make earlier have cause great dissention . cheer and angry shout from the crowd . corte ( cont 'd ) I realize now I can not fulfill my moral obligation to you and also to the esteem Governor of Cuba . honor therefore require that I resign my post . he jump down from the table . stun silence . murmur in the crowd . what do this mean ? what happen now ? do we choose a new leader ? sandoval glance quickly at cortes , as if for a sign . cortes give none . velasquez de Leon watch as : sandoval wait ... look around ... bite he lip and give cortes another glance - very subtly : cortes nod - sandoval jump on the table . speak publicly , he stutter be go . sandoval if cortes be loyal to we , be we loyal to he ! crowd yes ! sandoval do we want a new leader ? crowd no! sandoval then who must we serve , the Governor of Cuba , or the King of Spain ?! crowd the King of Spain ! 27 . velasquez do leon ( wry , to cortes ) this be very well do . corte thank you . sandoval then let we find a new city , in the name of the King : as the crowd cheer , velasquez de Leon mutter sarcastically : velasquez do leon " and there be only one man ... " sandoval and there be only one man to be mayor of we city ... as the crowd drown he out - CUT to : int . corte ' tent . later . cortes and Father olmeda with the major hidalgos . corte we be now outlaw . if we fail to conquer , if we cannot seize rich which will blind the King , then we will all hang for treason . we will therefore approach King carlos directly , give he the treasure moctezuma have send , and beg he to grant we supremacy . ( turn to puertocarrero a another hidalgo ) since you have relative in court , you two can best plead we cause . puertocarrero and my indian concubine ? corte show one as a curiosity to the King . marina , of course , must stay here , to translate . puertocarrero of course . he smile , realize he have be choose because cortes desire marina . he and the other hidalgo kneel in front of Father olmeda , who make the sign of the cross over they . they kiss he hand . 28 . ext . tent . day . cortes and Father olmeda watch the two emissary walk down , toward the shore and the ship . diaz ( v.0 . ) puertocarrero 's ship be the last of we fleet ever to leave port . CUT to : ext . OPEN field . day . the Spanish army building a stone fort . cortes deposit a small boulder next to a " mason " and head off for another stone . he pass Martin Lopez add " villa rica de Vera Cruz " to he map . insert - map ( see next page ) OPEN field . under _a tree where several man be be keep prisoner , cortes throw himself down beside the shackle velasquez de Leon : corte velasquez know we would betray he . he himself force we hand . velasquez De Leon say nothing . corte ( cont 'd ) by withhold fund , he make we spend we own fortune , which we do , mortgage we home , which we do . he cannot then expect we to return home and suffer bankruptcy ! velasquez do leon nevertheless : velasquez be my relative , and I remain loyal . corte I admire that . I will release you tomorrow . velasquez do leon ( surprised , but : ) why not today ? now ? corte you need time to think velasquez do leon about what ? 29 . corte the purpose for which you be bear . velasquez do leon oh please . corte do you really want to return to Cuba and live the life of a nobleman , feast off the labor of other and seduce you neighbor 's wife ? velasquez do leon sound pleasurable . corte it be pleasurable . and common . any frenchman can do it . but here ... if we have courage , intelligence , spirit , we can achieve something remarkable . and the most remarkable part be : we do not know what we be about to do ! we only know that if we succeed , we will have be truly alive . and year from now , century , other will look back and say , " cortes be aman . velasquez De Leon ?. a man . " drink ? he offer De Leon some water . the other man hesitates , then : velasquez do leon thank you . he drink . cortes take the bottle back , return to work . velasquez De Leon stare after he . CUT to : ext . virgin forest . day . Father olmeda look on as Alvarado pound into the ground one of the smaller crucifix they bring on the boat . behind they : the Spanish Army be march through countryside of unspeakable lushness and beauty . tropical bird sing . orchid bloom in the wild . the mastiff chase plentiful game . the army be - for the moment - optimistic , united in its purpose , and enthralled by the natural beauty of the scenery . diaz ( v.0 . ) we build a fort at we new city of Vera Cruz and march toward cempoala . they approach a small town . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be on we way to the home of the fat cacique that we first see evidence of the religious practice 30 . which engender fear in we heart and outrage in we Christian soul for as long as we be in New Spain . the town seem desert . the Soldiers move through it , but some instinct quiet they . they approach prominent building and glance inside . sandoval stand motionless in the entrance to the large building ( a church or cue ) . be he freeze ? then he turn toward the other . blanch . start to stutter uncontrollably ... cortes move to he side , look in : int . cue . day . no window . Dark , light by a few torch . primitive statue of heathen god . body . human body , carve up . some impale on the wall . stack of skull along another wall . human organ burn over a fire . cortes turn away , toward Father olmeda . corte Father , give I strength . CUT to : 31 . ext . cempoala . day . rinky-dink parade . Girls throw flower , put wreath around the spaniard ' neck . hail the conquer heroes . everyone stare and wave at the teule . lush vegetation make this modest town feel like a garden . the procession end at the lavish home of the fat cacique . his wive greet the Spanish captain and lead they into : ext . fat cacique' patio . day . cortes , marina , and the other hidalgos at a huge feast . the fat cacique be stuff himself , jabber happily : marina he regret that only nine of he wife can be here to serve we . cristobal how many wife do he have ? as marina translate , the other eat with evident relish . marina he 's lose count . the more you have , the more alliance you make . also the more child , which allow you to make even more alliance when they grow up . ( hesitates , then translate : ) he say it 's he duty as a chief to spend most of he time in bed . everyone laugh ... then they notice : something odd in the fat cacique 's expression . he be no longer laugh . he be stare with dread out at the street where : five men with dark glossy hair tie in a bun , wear richly - embroider cloak , stroll with cocksure pride through the square . they sniff bouquet of flower while servant whisk away fly . they stiff walk , they arrogance , tell we : this man be killer . at the sight of they , the fat cacique turn pale , start babbling . marina ( cont 'd ) " moctezuma 's tax - collector . they rape the pretty woman and sacrifice the man . " corte ( blithe instinct ) arrest they . marina hesitates to translate this . cortes nod : translate . 32 . she do . the fat cacique fall to the ground and beg for cortes ' mercy . corte ( cont 'd ) tell he he have nothing to fear as marina translate , the fat cacique continue to babble like a infant and roll on the ground . cortes crouch over the man . stare . they eye lock . no contest . the fat cacique whisper a order , and he soldier rush out : they begin to arrest the astonished tax collector ... CUT to : ext . corte ' tent . night . cortes lie on he bedroll ; marina stand nearby . a knock , and sandoval enter . sandoval the local see n-n-noth . cortes nod - go ahead with the plan . sandoval wave he arm , and four soldier carry in two of moctezuma 's tax collector , tie to long pole . corte to marina ) ask they who they be and where they be from . ( to Soldiers ) untie they . ( to sandoval ) have food bring to the next tent . sandoval can I w-watch what you do ? cortes nod slightly as - marina they say you know who they be , since you be responsible for they capture . the cempoalan would not dare arrest they on they own . corte if this be true , would I now release they , and feed they , and treat they as king ? ( more ) 33 . ( to sak@wveb ( con mad : to translate ) convince ? marina they think it 's a trick . " if they be release here , the cempoalan will recapture and kill they . " corte we boat will take they South to safer water . ( watch marina translate , then say to she : I be impressed you betray nothing in you expression . marina what be to betray ? meaning : i_am_on you side , I have no other loyalty . he stare at she . corte now I must ask they to go next door and eat . I have private business . ( as marina start to leave ) with you . marina what do you want ? sandoval hurry the tax - collector out - corte a kiss . marina only one ? corte I ask for one . anything more be a gift . marina if I refuse ? hard to tell if she want to refuse or be be coy . corte if you refusal be genuine , I will respect it . if it be a game , I will not . beat . marina I will kiss you twice ... but only if you order it . 34 . she speak with intensity . we can not tell if she be be sincere or provocative . he stare at she . corte take off you clothes . she start to disrobe . on she lip , the faintest hint of a smile . CUT to : ext . cempoala . morning . cortes sit in front of the fat cacique 's house , the Chief at he side , marina behind he . the Captain seem distant , keenly watchful , as though listen to music no one else can hear . the Three additional tax collector be bring before they , bound . cortes , feign anger , gesture toward the fat cacique . corte tell he I be outrage by the escape of the two prisoner . we will have to guard the one who remain . ( as marina translate , to de Leon ) same as the other . sail they South and release they . ( to sandoval ) do you understand ? sandoval the C - cempoalan be forced to be we ally . but moctezuma . corte be we god or man , friend or foe ? he will have to see we for himself . ( sudden shift ) what 's go on ? sandoval how do you m-mean ? corte over there . he indicate two soldier whisper back and forth . sandoval shrug : so ? cortes catch the eye of one soldier who glance furtively away - corte ( cont 'd ) search the camp . sandoval for what ? 35 . corte whatever you find . CUT to : ext . ship' hold . day . cortes , sandoval , marina , and velasquez de Leon stare at : food , barrel of water , map , etc . provision . cortes be clearly : enraged ... CUT to : int . corte ' tent . sunset . the best man congregate . a uncomfortable silence ... velasquez do leon some of you know what happen . some do not . cristobal olid what happen ? sandoval m-m-mutiny . cristobal olid no ! for what cause ? velasquez do leon Men be stashing provision to return to Cuba . cristobal olid a worthy cause , but treacherous mean ! let I kill the vermin - velasquez De Leon raise the flap in the tent , make visible : the body of a gaunt soldier hang from a tree . cristobal nod with satisfaction - corte ( softly ) we must act . silence . they wait . corte ( cont 'd ) if a wild beast have no escape , it fight with twice the ferocity . we must do that to ourselves . 36 . silence as they try to figure out what this mean ... CUT to : ext . camp . night . the soldier stand by they tent , peer at the distant water where the ship rise and fall with the swell of the ocean . no one move . everyone wait . for what ? a order ? then we see : flame lick at the bow of one of the ship . the man tense , but say nothing . the fire rise higher , up the mast . another ship explode into flame . ext . ship . night . cortes himself with a torch set a ship aflame . his eye be wide , craze , as if possess by some demon . pyromania . when the ship be well light , he dodge through the flame , climb over the side into a lifeboat , and head for the next vessel . his torch hold high in the air ... ext . camp . night . Soldiers still watch . ten ship now burn . cervantes ( the blond - bearded buffoon we meet earlier ) be put on a song / dance for a common soldier , villafana . cervante they say the hull be rotten ! they say we could not sail ! they think we brain be cotton ! or hide up we tail ! villafana shut up . cervante ( facetious ) but do not you understand ? this way we salvage the sail and the provision - villafana ( ominous ) I understand perfectly . velasquez De Leon have happen by , overhear : velasquez do leon like it or not , we have to fight we way out of here . 37 . nearby , we see cortes on he way back from the shore . his face be blacken , but he spirit be ectatic . cristobal intercept he : cristobal I hate you for this . corte be you afraid ? cristobal never . cortes give he a long look ... corte then you may leave . one vessel be still seaworthy . that who desire to go may sail to Cuba . you organize the sailing . cristobal be astonished . he bow acceptance , and leave . cortes watch as cristobal start confer with other Soldiers . CUT to : ext . camp . two day later . Men break break camp ( fold tent , load horse ) . cristobal approach cortes and hand he a list cortes examine the list ... and sadly shake he head . corte I be sorry , you be my best soldier . ( off cristobal 's blink ) I can not let you go . cristobal olid that 's not fair when other be - corte I be not let the other either I just want this list . cristobal olid but ... but you say - corte I lie . the last ship be sink this morning . cortes point : cristobal look toward the bay : it 's empty . no ship remain . he turn , outrage and astonished , back toward : 38 . corte ( cont 'd ) wave list ) I have to know who have doubt , but we will need every single man , even the doubter , if we be to succeed . cristobal blink in disbelief - cortes slap he good - naturedly on the back corte ( cont 'd ) let 's march . CUT to : ext . low mountain . day . a cloud of pink butterfly . the Spanish Army march through it , follow by a small group of indian warrior and porter . Three of the porter be burden with heavy pile of crucifix : the cross the spaniard bring with they on they ship . the sight of this innocent native bearin symbol of human guilt be doubly ironic because of the magic of this surroundings : wood waterfall meadow sky mountain rise and fall ... field of flower of raucous color ... it all strike some atavistic memory : Long ago , before " civilized " man wreck he havoc , this be how the world use to be . paradise . diaz ( v.0 . ) we see no bird , no flower , no tree or animal we have ever see in Spain . it truly be a New World . cortes pause to survey he surroundings . snowy peak on the leave and a strange bleak mountain , top with a black coffin-shape rock , on the right . in the distance , two volcanos spew ash . Martin Lopez be add this feature to he map . insert - map ( see next page ) 39 . ext . mountain pine forest . day . thick wood . cortes listen as a indian guide point upward ... diaz ( v.0 . ) we be march to a city -state call tlascala . cortes resume the march . behind he , other spaniard pick they way along the trail ... marina by they courage , and they location high in this mountain the tlascalan have keep they independence from the aztecs . cortes suddenly stop , yank something from he collar , and throw it to the ground . a piece of color paper . we notice : a series of thread hang across the trail . dangle from they be bit of paper in odd shape and bright color . marina ( cont 'd ) charm . to keep we out . from a distance we see cortes slice the thread with he sword . this pov tell we : he 's be watch . corte send we message again : " if blood be spill , it be on they head . we come in peace , seek ally . " a distinctively dress messenger sprint away - suddenly , by a camera trick , we see indian in the forest . 30 of they . stare , motionless . they seem to be of the tree . CUT to : ext . tlascalan town . day . desert . two tiny native dog sniff the huge Spanish mastiff . Center of the square : lattice - work cage contain captive ... marina Men to be sacrifice . cortes cut the leather lock and throw open the cage . some captive run . that who seem stronger and brave do not . cortes try to chase they away , shouting and wave he sword . corte go! run ! flee , you moron ! ( lung with he sword ) what , you want to die ? 40 . marina aztecs . corte be aztecs so stupid ? marina they learn from birth : the great honor be to die in battle or be sacrifice as a prisoner of war cortes stare at they , the foe he will soon face : five men watch he blankly : without fear , without pride , without affect . corte make they kneel . | as he man hesitate ) make they kneel if you have to cut off they foot ! spaniard force the prisoner to they knee . cortes remove the cross from he neck and hold it over they . corte ( cont 'd ) Father , say a mass for the soul of this poor devil . olmeda begin . the spaniard fall to they knee . all of they . the movement carry down the hill until even that who can not see , let alone hear , have join the prayer . after a slight hesitation , marina also kneel . for a moment , we be witness a religious ceremony ... then , spectator : EIGHT papas proceed slowly , one by one , out of a nearby cue . they be dress in dark green hood cloak decorate with image of skull and god . they thick hair hang to they foot and be matte with blood . evil magician out of Dr. seuss . they fingernails be 5 " long , and they click they as they walk . olmeda ignore they . the other spaniard want to rise , but cannot do so without be disrespectful to they God . the papas march round the cage , uttering incantation . cortes shoot marina a enquire look - marina Priests . they be call papas - corte they stink . 41 . marina blood . from sacrifice , and from stabbing themselves with thorns . they be the son of Chiefs , have no wife , and they indulge in sodomy . cortes stare at the papas in astonishment and disgust . the mastiff bark furiously at the papas and strain at its leash . one papa bring something from under he robe : a human heart drip blood . he hold it under cortes ' nose . marina ( cont 'd ) he 's try to see if you be a god. ( off cortes ' look ) a God would eat it . the heart , inch from cortes ' mouth . his nostril flare . hard to stifle the homicidal impulse . suddenly , in the midst of a Latin phrase : father olmeda to arm . it take a second for this to register . the papas scurry away - the bark mastiff fall dead , arrow in its chest - father olmeda ( cont 'd ) to arm , man ! to battle ! the spaniard look up : indian descend - the sky darken with stone and arrow - the spaniard rise , fumble for weapon . several man be hit by the arrow - Indians rush forward . startle attire : great feather crest , body and face gaudily paint ; cacique adorn with spectacular animal headdress . cacophony : they bang drum , whistle , blow trumpet ... the spaniard , surprised and overwhelm , hastily retreat behind neighbor house ... they load musket and crossbow . unsheathe sword . ready they ance ... at a signal from cortes , they move out into the open again : 42 . the town be desert . the indian army have vanish . the spaniard move forward warily , fearful of another attack ... but there be nothing to fear . nothing to see ... except : a cooking pot lie in the center of the square . in the pot be a indian tunic ... a distinctive one ... someone lift it , examine it ... marina you messenger . they kill he ... and eat he ... and intend to do the same to you . a wave of horror and disgust pass through the spaniard . as if to counter any fear in he man , cortes be quite matter - of - fact corte why do not they believe we seek ally ? marina look into the pot , take out a draw : of a bird . marina they think it 's a trick and you be secretly in league with the aztecs . cortes nod , peer out at the haunt landscape ... corte so . it begin . CUT to : ext . battle . day . a wide field . Indians march toward the wait spaniard . tlascalan shouting insult , whipping themselves up into a frenzy . cortes be in the rear , sandoval at he side . sandoval point to the front of the tlascalan rank . sandoval we be tell they General be xicotencatl the younger . xicotencatl the younger , 65 , wear a headdress cap with the face of a heron . corte the " younger ? " sandoval point up to a bluff overlook the battle . xicotencatl the elder be blind . two servant describe the battle to he . 43. sandoval xicotencatl the elder be 140 year old and still the great tlascalan chief . a huge commotion as the battle be join . Alvarado scream , lead the spaniard , cut a swath through the indian rank . the camera pan over the battlefield until we come to another bluff , on which stand 3 aztec scout : diaz ( v.0 . ) the aztecs watch in fear . for century they have try to conquer tlascala . and fail . there we be , only a few hundred man fight battle after battle , day after day ... return to the battle . velasquez de Leon 's horse have be wounded . he 's try valiantly to protect it , but there be too many Indians around , and he be finally drive back . the Indians begin , quite crudely , to sever the horse 's head . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) , the head of this horse be borne that night to every city in tlascala , so the people could see it be not a supernatural creature . the battle rage through a series of dissolves , as the light fade . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we fight all day . we fight until we could no longer lift we arm and by some miracle , they retreat ... the Indians blow they conch shell , pound they drum , and shout " alala ! alala ! " they throw straw and dirt into the air to obscure they retreat . soon a brown cloud hover over the field . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we hope we victory might weaken they resolve . as the dirt fall and the air clear , the battlefield be empty . no warrior . no indian corpse . where have they go ? eerie . as if it have all be a mirage ... except that a score of spaniard lie dead in the dirt . cortes look at sandoval , shake he head . corte wo not even let we see they dead . 44 . slowly , cautiously , the spaniard tend to they fall comrade . CUT to : ext . spanish camp . evening . cortes ( the ever - watchful father ) , marina , and sandoval walk through camp . they pass man repair crossbow ... make arrow ... small carcass be roast on a spit ... diaz ( v.0 . ) for the third straight night , we have nothing to eat except a few small dog , and a handful of native igs . nearby , a small pot boil . Men dip rag into it and apply the rag to they wound . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) every one of be injure . to cauterize we wound we have to use fat cut from one of the few Indians carcass we be able to retrieve . a few Soldiers seem disgust by the human fat in the pot ... suddenly a sentry call in the distance . the man rush to they weapon - marina Indians do not attack at night . corte ; they only have to do it once . the Men relax as they see : a lone indian walk toward they wave a flag . cortes and marina step forward to meet he . the messenger speak : marina " xicotencatl the younger say : ' if you be tired of fight , you may come to tlascala in peace ... and you flesh will be hack from you body and spice with chily and eat with pleasure . ' " corte tell xicotencatl : a scared man speak . a brave man act . I will meet he tomorrow . the messenger leave , and cortes move on , pass : 45 . Men in bedroll , wear they armor , sleep fitfully or lie rigid with they eye open . farther on be a tent where Father olmeda be take confession . diaz ( v.0 . ) despite the bravado of we captain there be hardly one of we who do not take confession that night . Inside the tent , a very young soldier be weep . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we fear death , for we be man . even olmeda 's voice be quaking slightly . CUT to : ext . battlefield . morning . from a distance we see a lethal confrontation which have clearly be go on for hour . we move : closer the Indians come like a tidal wave , one leaping over another ; too numerous to fight , too numerous even to discern . the Spanish rank be in chaos . diaz ( v.0 . ) at noon the follow day I know for the first time , know it in my bone , that I would die in New Spain . the spaniard look like they have go down twice and be struggle for a last breath : frantic , overwhelm , unable to process the chaos assault they . it seem that soon the wave will rise again and wash the spaniard away and only Indians will fill the plain ... but cortes be fight cool and strong amid the panic . he 's move in a circle , ever in a circle , look for something we can not see . suddenly he stop . stare in one direction : a flag rise above the Indians . cortes plunge sword first toward it : corte here ! follow I ! here be we mark ! he head toward a cacique with a spectacular head - dress , whose servant hold the flag . we feel cortes ' will dominate that around he . sandoval and other hidalgos follow he ... the Indians be too it htly pack to effectively fight back . that near the cacique seem bewilder by cortes ' assault . 46 . diaz ( v.o. among so many miner , why do cortes attack this one ? cortes kill the Chief 's servant ; sandoval stab the Chief . diaz ( v.o. Li ( cont 'd ) we later learn this cacique be not suppose to fight , not suppose to be attack . they god have say he would lead they to victory . the Indians around they stand back in horror and watch as cortes ' page lift the indian banner ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) they prophecy be invalidate . the true fate of this battle be reveal . cortes push onward , and the tlascalan retreat , wail in alarm , send panic throughout they rank ... CUT to : ext . camp . night . Men in armor lie in bed moan , shiver uncontrollably , die . diaz ( v.o . though we win the battle , we spirit be defeat . we have lose 50 man on the campaign , other be die , other have wound where they arm once be . wound sentries keep they hollow - eye watch ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) the next morning , the disease within we midst flare again . CUT to : ext . corte ' tent . morning . cortes and marina emerge to find a delegation head by : cristobal olid the man we be fight be we intend ally , far weaker than the aztecs , and they be defeat we ! the idea of reach Mexico be a joke . I say it ; you know it : we can not survive another battle ! corte ( softly ) where will we find fewer enemy ? 47 . a strange and almost lyrical query , which silence cristobal . cortes look out at the surround countryside : corte ( cont 'd ) here in this exotic land , if we retreat or show weakness , the very stone themselves will rise against we . if the native believe we be god , so must we be . cristobal olid you be a God . I be go home . a sound . cristobal blink . they all peer down the road : a delegation of unarm Indians bear food , wear white badge . marina peace . they be send food . and porter to prepare it . cristobal all right . first we eat , then we go home . CUT to : ext . later . spaniard wolfing down the food . tlascalan serve it . friendly , obsequious , observant . cortes eat with marina . something on he mind ... , corte do not you say ... do not Indians sometimes send food to the enemy , so that the battle will be a fair one ? marina nod . corte ( cont 'd ) so if they truly want peace , why do not xicotencatl come ? marina shrug - corte ( cont 'd ) ask if they be send by xicotencatl the father or the son ? as she do this , cortes observe one of the tlascalan peer into a tent . another have persuade a Spaniard to show he he musket . 48 . marina he say the father have order eace , and the son have send they ere . cortes ponder this ... stare at the man be question . corte interesting distinction . ask if he 's a spy . cortes watch as she translate , and the man shake he head . corte ( cont 'd ) cut off they hand . velasquez de Leon and marina look at he with alarm - he grab the docile tlascalan who 's serve they . the man seem sweet , bewilder by this action . velasquez do leon what if they be not spy ? corte then I be wrong . he be hold the man by the wrist , stare at a nearby soldier . the soldier hesitantly unsheathes he sword . cortes nod , and the soldier bring down he sword . CUT to : ext . spanish camp . morning . before cortes stand both xicotencatl . they bow , touch the ground with they hand , and kiss they hand . marina you be right about the spy . cortes nod , and the Chiefs rise . xico the younger speak ... marina ( cont 'd ) " I can not defeat a man who read my mind . " xicotencatl the elder move slowly , arm outstretch , toward cortes . reluctantly cortes allow he to touch he face ... finger slowly patting the feature ; he 's mutter ... marina ( cont 'd ) " the face of a teule ... " on the old man 's face : religious ecstasy . CUT to : 49 . ext . tlascala . day . small ceremony : beautiful virgins be present to the spaniard . marina translate , something about the Indians join they family with the god . we move away from this spectacle to find : the same Young soldier we once see eat a orange now squat by a building . he take sproute orange seed from a wet handkerchief , plant they six inch apart and two inch deep , and gently cover they with soil . this be young bernal diaz . several tlascalan child be watch he . as always he voice be old , gravelly : diaz ( v.0 . ) there be so many heroes in we campaign it be hard for I to confess that I be only a young boy . much that I tell I see with my own eye , much be tell I by other , some be common conjecture . I may not report everything , and some thing I have forget because I be old , some I never know , but as a Christian , I swear : I tell nothing I know to be false . come up the road be a delegation of aztec . the presentation of the virgin end ; they go off with prominent hidalgo , who by now have several woman apiece . cortes step forward to meet the aztecs , who bow , wave they copal incense , and begin the ritual presentation of gift . marina " the great moctezuma salute you victory . " the aztecs spread out jewelry and cloth embroider with feather and return the gilt helmet , now fill with grain of gold . again cortes ' page step forward to give a accounting : page the jewelry be worth 1000 peso , the helmet with gold 3000 . the cloth be beatiful but worthless . corte ( nod ) bring a pen and scroll . I will write moctezuma a letter sandoval in s-spanish ? corte he will see it have meaning and know we write be more advanced . the page return with the material and prepare to write . 50 . corte ( cont 'd ) moctezuma : I will not rest until you power be my power , you gold be my gold , you kingdom be mine to hold in my and . I will see that all the soul in this land have give up they devilish idol and swear devotion to the one true God . ( very intense ) some way , some how , at whatever cost , I will achieve this thing . silence . other spaniard stunne by the frankness of this message . the aztecs watch curiously , wonder what just happen . cortes smile broadly , bow , and the aztecs relax . corte ( cont 'd ) ( to marina ) translate it . " I have the great respect for moctezuma , and so forth ... " as marina begin to " translate , " the aztecs smile and gesture : some kind of invitation . diaz ( v.0 . ) the aztecs be scared . they know it be time to confront we , and they do it in the styest , most sinister way imaginable : they invite we ho CUT to : ext . tlascala . day . a army of spaniard and indian ready to march . cortes be receive a warning / bless from xicotencatl the elder . marina " now that I know you , I know you eat food , as man do , love woman , as man do , and in battle you weary , just as man do . if you go on 100,000 man will fight you . when this be vanquish , that many again will come , and again and again until , though you be invincible , you will grow weary and die . but if you be determine to go , I will send this warrior , and also my three youngest son , to die by you side . " the three youngest son look eager and innocent . xicotencatl the younger - not among the three - watch from nearby . 51 . xicotencatl the elder fervently clutches cortes ' hand ... corte tell he to care for he health , so I can see he again when we return . as marina translate , cortes jump on he horse , start away . the procession begin . a magnificent spectacle . marina walk at cortes ' side : marina I be mistaken . the aztecs be lead we not to Mexico , but to they sister city , cholula . they say we will be well take care of . corte what do that mean ? CUT to : int . cholulan palace . large hall . day . in a corner , Martin Lopez add cholula to he map . insert - map . ( see next page ) large hall . spaniard be serve a enormous feast by beautiful , flirtatious native girl . the clown cervantes peer skeptically at a dish to make sure it do not contain human flesh . diaz ( v.0 . ) in the religious capital of the Aztec federation , we be honore by a silly and affectionate people who shower we with flower and kiss , and cook the most exquisite delicacy . we be in heaven . we be in hell . cortes stand by the window , sometimes look out , sometimes watch he man . a cholulan girl approach with a plate of food . marina you do not want to eat ? cortes look through she , not hearing the question . corte they be whore . 52 . marina what ? corte the girl tend we : they be not daughter of noblemen ... cristobal oh relax , will you ? this people be harmless fool . again cortes do not hear . he stare out the window : at either end of the block , pedestrian seem to be avoid the center of the street ... , corte marina : go down and see what you see . cristobal watch she as she leave : cristobal be you certain of she ? corte more than of you . cristobal think with you head , not you groin . she already betrayed she own people . why not we ? CUT to : ext . cholulan STREET . day . Wide clean street , pedestrian dress in long cloak embroider marina walk happily but keep a keen eye . at the end of the block she notice the peculiar walk pattern which cortes observe from above . move closer , she see : Cloth have be spread on the ground , and dirt throw over it . she approach the cloth . cholulan watch she silently . lift the cloth , she see a hole in the ground . Spears be point upward inside the hole . she call to a nearby pedestrian . he mince over to she with the exaggerated manners of a flamboyant homosexual . she point at the spear and ask a question . they conversation be subtitle : 53 . pedestrian this be a silly thing we put here to protect cortes from evil spirit . marina it would do more damage to horse than to spirit . why be so few woman and child in the street ? we have not notice this until she say it ... pedestrian they be off to the mountain for vacation . marina ( sarcastic ) for they health ? she stand . as she stroll back toward the Spanish quarter , she glance idly into the sky : a hawk or other large bird circle azily ... her gaze skyward be interrupt by a handsome woman of 45 with a furtive air who grasp marina 's arm : handsome woman you must not return to the white men. ( long beat ) my son see you . he do not want you to die . marina why would I die ? handsome woman Mexico have send a army . the white man will never leave we city alive . marina kiss the woman 's hand and stare gratefully into she eye : marina wait here . I will fetch my jewel . marina walk slowly toward the building where the Spanish be . we can not tell what she 's think . CUT to : int . banquet room . day . marina stare at cortes ... we assume this be the moment when she 's decide whether to tell he . 54 . she start to speak . before she can , cortes turn to she and indicate two nearby papas : corte we leave for Mexico in the morning . ask they to provide we with orter , and to have the city 's eader in the square so we may bid they a proper farewell . cortes leave the room , go into : a adjoining room . when he close the door , we see : the handsome woman bound and gag . two Soldiers guard she . corte I tell you before . kill she . CUT to : int . corte ' bedroom . night . cortes and marina . corte why do you tell I ? off she silence ) this be a chance to be a hero to you own people . marina I have no people . corte even so - she put she finger to he lip , silencing he . marina tell yourself this : once I be a princess . now , at you side , I ama queen . malinche . they even call yu by my name . what more could I ask ? he nod he understanding . but she expression betray more . we sense : the truth be , she do everything because of he . CUT to : ext . courtyard . day . cortes sit on he horse . marina and Father olmeda stand by he side . they be surround by the Spanish Army . 3000 cholulan pack the square , include papas , cacique , porter . cortes gesture to he page , who bang a large atabel . 55 . silence . his word fill it . marina simultaneously translate : corte dear friend . we be grateful for the extraordinary hospitality you have extend in so short a time . spaniard put a screen across one entrance to the square . corte ( cont 'd ) you have feed we , pampere we , and freely give we ... you whore . a second screen close a second entrance . horseman with spear take they place in front of the screen . corte ( cont ' dy we know that you be ally of moctezuma , that you must take order from he , and that sometimes that order run contrary to you wish and you own sweet nature . the third screen be put up . horseman take they place . corte ( cont 'd ) for example , we know he have send a army , now on the outskirt of you city , which plan to attack we with you help . the cholulan look around in confusion and alarm . why be he say this ? how do he know it ? why be he tone so mild ? the screen for the fourth and last entrance to the square be stick . two soldier try vainly to put it into place as : corte ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) and we know you have give help . you have put stake in the street , stack rock on the roof of you house , evacuate woman and child , and you intend to slaughter we , even though we be you guest . cortes look at the last entrance : still open . he wait . anxious silence . corte ( cont 'd ) I know all this , because I know everything . the cholulan stand in fear and in awe : this man be surely a teule . 56 . forget the screen . a dozen soldier move to fill the last entryway . when cortes see this be accomplish : corte ( cont 'd ) sadly , you leave we little choice . we be go to kill you now , all of you , in rightful punishment . the cholulan blink in disbelief - a few turn helplessly toward the gate , but most be simply bewilder , in shock . no one move . everyone watch cortes . he look slowly over the whole square ... the cholulan contemplate they imminent death ... beat . cortes nod . gunfire , scream , shout ... but we see only cortes . a drop of blood fly onto he armor . then another . more . he 's get spatter . as the sound of the massacre become intolerable , they fade down . two drop hit cortes ' face , and he close he eye . serenity on he face ... or perhaps denial . a long silent beat ... diaz ( v.0 . ) it be war . we do what we do . marina and Father olmeda be also get splatter with blood . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) whatever else you say the strategic value of this massacre be enormous . again we appear to have read the native mind , and we display a wrath so awesome it seem godlike . without open he eye , cortes turn toward Father olmeda : corte if we can convert _one more indian , save one more soul from damnation , then this will have be - ( justified ) 57 . father olmeda you truly believe that ? corte I have to or I would go mad . ( a terrible look cross he face ) do not test I , father . do not mock I . ever . CUT to : ext . road . day . a fork in the road . Martin Lopez be add Mexico to he map . insert - map ( see next page . ) fork in road . next to cortes be a palanquin , contain a aztec prince , bow and gesture .. marina he say moctezuma be embarrassed . we be right to attack the cholulan , since they ignore moctezuma 's wish and plotted against we . corte do moctezuma think I be stupid ? ( beat , be : the Prince ) what 's he sell I now ? the Aztec Prince be indicate that the leave fork be preferable . cortes smile politely to the Prince and proceed down the fork to the right . as they go : corte ( cont 'd ) ( to Aztec Prince ) you must tell I , since you be a noble lord , what the great moctezuma be like . the Aztec Prince reply : marina ; " I have never see he face . " CUT to : ext . high mountain trail . day . the army slog along a windy mountain trail . ahh for the warmth of a home fire ... 58 . diaz ( v.0 . ) remember now the furor Columbus ' discovery have cause throughout the civilized world ... though we be on this bleak trail for many reason - to grow rich , to grow famous , to die young - still there be one desire which touch we all . we want to look over the mountain . we want to see the exotic new world . behind cortes , marina be riding beside sandoval . her manner here be formal , reserve . she simply want the information : marina can you tell I something ? sandoval I will try . marina I know the love some mother feel for they child , but what be this other love you spaniard speak of ? sandoval between a man and w-woman ? marina yes , be it desire ? sandoval ( the expert ) more than that . it be pure . marina like love of you God ? sandoval no , no . it make you feel kind of crazy and weak and - marina it sound like a sickness . sandoval not at all . it 's just ... well : you know it when you have it ! ( beat ) do you l-love cortes ?! beat . marina please try again later , to explain . 59 . they be crest a hill . cortes turn back toward they and growl : corte be you give she idea ? sandoval no , sir . a change come over sandoval 's face . corte then what 's wrong ? sandoval try to speak , can not . blink . shake he head . cortes suddenly realize : sandoval see something . cortes whirl - the Valley of Mexico stretch below they : a spectacular city fill with huge stone building , build on the water , connect to land by long causeway . it seem like a enchant vision . " I do not know how to describe this first glimpse of thing never hear of , see , or dream of before . " this be a magical realm , a kingdom from we fantasy . the face of the spaniard be fill with awe . over the center of the city , one large bird - of - prey cut slow circle in the azure sky ... CUT to : ext . causeway . day . the Army move along one of the dike . every structure - house , tower , pyramid - be crowded with native . likewise the lake be darken by swarm of canoe fill with Indians strain for a glimpse of this pale , outlandishly dress stranger . the welcome be powerful and eerie . not warm , not triumphant , certainly not cold and antagonistic . it be wary . the inexpressive native face heighten the feel that we have enter a unknowable universe . float on the lake be fairy island of flower . this mobile island undulate as the water rise and fall . the causeway itself be only nine yard wide , crowded with native and break occasionally by bridge . one of xicotencatl 's son , at cortes ' side , point to a bridge : marina " this be easily remove . soon we will be trap inside they city . " 60 . corte ( nod ) they must wonder why we look so confident . in the distance , the royal palanquin , blaze with burnish gold , approach . it be borne by noble and bear a canopy of gaudy feather - work , powder with jewel and fringe with silver . cortes descend from he horse . he put on he helmet , top with a plume of feather . the canopy bier stop and slowly moctezuma descend . though we see he at the open of the film , in darkness , that glimpse do not prepare we for the spectacle we now witness : he be magnificently clad , in a turquoise robe studd with pearl and jewel , gold sandal , and spectacular feathered headdress . servant strew the ground with cotton tapestry , so he imperial foot do not touch the soil . everyone around he except the most prominent noble have they eye lower : they can not look at the " great speaker . " on either side of moctezuma be prince : cuitlahua and cuauhtemoc . the camera focus on one , then the other : diaz ( v.0 . ) two great prince flanke moctezuma . his brother , cuitlahua , have swear to be we enemy and would have cause great harm have he not die of smallpox bring by one of we soldier . the Emperor 's nephew , cuauhtemoc , vow he would achieve we extinction . for most of we , he keep he word . cuauhtemoc , only 25 , have about he a sense of assurance and command usually reserve for that of far great age . his feature be long , delicate , and very grave . moctezuma himself be 40 year old , handsome , tall . his hair be black and straight , he beard thin , he complexion rather light . he move with dignity , and there be great intelligence in he eye . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) moctezuma have rule for 17 year . once the fiercest of warrior , he be now a deeply religious man . he know , from he report and he oracle , that one way or another we be to be he fate . the two leader stare at each other . they bow . 61 . there be a long and magnificent silence . this moment - the meeting of two such sophisticated , and yet wildly different , civilization - be unique in human history . both side simply stare in wonder ... finally the freeze moment be break as the prince around moctezuma , with seem reluctance , touch the ground , then bring they hand to they chest and head . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) they heart and mind welcome we . cortes take out a necklace of glass bead and put it around moctezuma 's neck . it look crude and plain next to the Aztec jewelry . then cortes start to embrace moctezuma , but the other Aztec prince rush forward and stop he . cortes nod and step back . moctezuma speak . marina begin to translate . toward the end of this speech she voice fade softer as simultaneous subtitles come up . eventually she voice stop altogether , though she physical placement tell we she be still translate . moctezuma / marina o Lord , we Lord , you have arrive in this land , you land , you own city of Mexico , to sit on you mat you stool , which I have guard for you . you vassal , the old king , my ancestor , be go . would that one of they could rise from the dead astonished and see what my eye truly see , for in no dream do I see you face . ah , this day , five , ten , a string of day , I have be anxious , watch for you , wait to see you appear from you hide place among the cloud and mist . for I be tell you would appear , you would return to sit on you mat , you stool , and it be come true . welcome and rest . Rest now . Rest in you palace . with you lord and companion , take you rest . moctezuma grasp cuitlahua 's hand , turn and walk toward the city . cuauhtemoc take cortes ' hand , and they follow . cuauhtemoc be seethe . marina walk at cortes ' side : marina moctezuma 's greeting be warm . the great speaker seem to see you as the fulfillment of the ancient prophecy , the return of the quetzalcoatl . corte and the other ? 62 . marina they be more ... cautious . cortes glance at the angry cuauhtemoc . corte that 's a understatement . the camera rise slightly so that we see how small the Spanish Army look compare to the indian population , and the magnificence of the city . as the spaniard file past , cristobal , ever paranoid , say to Alvarado : cristobal God help we to leave here alive . CUT to : ext . tenochtitlan . the MAIN square . day . in the shadow of a giant pyramid ( or cue ) , moctezuma gesture to cortes , indicate he own spectacular palace of silicate and alabaster , surround by pond and garden . marina this be he palace . we be to stay in the palace of he father . he lead the Spanish procession into the building next door . CUT to : int . axayacatl be ( moctezuma's father be ) palace . day . the ceiling be carve cedar , the wall hang with cotton and feather tapestry . moctezuma lead cortes by the hand into a great hall a cotton mat ornament with gold and jewel be drape over a stool . moctezuma gesture for cortes to sit . moctezuma you old mat , you familiar stool . cortes sit . moctezuma nod in quiet contentment . the attitude of the other aztecs tell we : they have never before see anyone sit there . moctezuma gesture and porter enter bear trays of food . CUT to : 63. ext . garden . day . with hostile civility , cuauhtemoc lead cortes and he hidalgo through garden which be far less formal , but no less beautiful , than the french garden Louis xiv would create 175 year later diaz ( v.0 . ) the next day moctezuma 's nephew , cuauhtemoc , give we a tour of Aztec wonder . at first we think it a act of hospitality . fruit tree . Borders of trellise support aromatic shrub and creeper . riotous wash of pink and purple and lavender ; subtle shading that delight the eye and nourish the soul . field of exotic ' , orchid : not hot-house creation but hearty flower dance gaudily into the distance . cuauhtemoc do not speak , and there be no need . the magic of Aztec reality wash over we . a jattice of reed cover with bloom flower mark we passage into the aviary Cardinals , quetzale , endless species of parrot , hummingbird ... cuauhtemoc be completely at home : as if he too be a bird . marina ( present , as always , whenever we see moctezuma or any of the aztecs ) seem to share this sense of peace . the spaniard do not cortes be restless , look around ... he squint . point up : corte what 's that there ? cuauhtemoc do not even glance where cortes be point . like moctezuma , he word be subtitled . cuauhtemoc a golden eagle . the golden eagle have a individual perch high over the other bird . corte ( v.0 . ) why be it keep separate ? cuauhtemoc we city be build here because my ancestor see a omen on the lake : a_golden eagle with a serpent in its talon , its wing spread wide to the rise sun . 64 . cuauhtemoc walk on , as if he want to change the subject . see this , cortes linger : corte a magnificent bird . cuauhtemoc we see fewer and fewer alive . we suddenly realize : this be the same breed as the one whose dead carcass be bring to moctezuma in the pre-credit sequence . leave the aviary , we enter a zoo pumas , ocelot , alligator , etc . when we gacrifice we enemy , we feed the torso to this beast . a casual and gracefully deliver threat . cortes nod and follow cuauhtemoc toward the : snake cage . various viper , moccasin , coral snake ... cuauhtemoc watch keenly for cortes ' reaction . corte I do not like snake . marina do not translate this . cortes look at she . marina the God quetzalcoatl , in spirit form , be half - bird , half -snake . cortes look into a cage with two rattlesnake . corte open the cage . marina translate . cuauhtemoc order it , and the cage be open . cortes enter . one of the snake be asleep , the other look at he warily . marina the most dangerous of viper . cortes take a step forward . 65 . the snake start to rattle . marina ( cont 'd ) this noise be a warning - cortes freeze . not a muscle twitching . the snake move its head side to side , watch he ... cuauhtemoc observe ... cortes ' immobility calm the snake . then cortes move . perversity ? the snake rattles furiously - cortes throw he handkerchief - the snake strike - at the handkerchief . cortes stroll calmly out of the cage . cuauhtemoc look back and forth between cortes and the snake , not quite sure what he 's just witness ... CUT to : ext . MAIN square . day . huge building on every side . the tour have stop beside a immense round stone cover with marking . diaz ( v.0 . ) even now , 50 year later , this stone cramme with symbol of knife , house , and rabbit , be the most accurate calendar on earth . they walk forward , toward the giant pyramid . beside the cue stand a small building : its paint entrance be a dragon 's mouth with sharp fang that drip blood . the spaniard stare through the door / mouth and see : stack of human skull . cuauhtemoc smile , speak : marina he say there be 136,000 skull . as many as 50,000 have be sacrifice in a single year . the spaniard stand transfix with horror . 66 . cuauhtemoc gesture and they begin to climb the cue . cuauhtemoc stay below , stare after they with undisguise contempt . moctezuma wait for the spaniard at the top . diaz ( v.0 . ) we realize : this tour have be a warning . if we be not god , we should know we be deal with a advanced - and lethal - civilization . as they climb the cue , something be throw off the top . the spaniard exchange look : what be that ? after a moment , the distant action be repeat : a human body , breast rip open and drip blood , sail down the step ... marina down below , butcher carve the body . arm and leg be serve to warrior , the rest to the lion . cortes shoot a glance at Father olmeda . top of the pyramid cortes and he man arrive , breathless . moctezuma greet they : moctezuma welcome , malinche , to the holy place . he lead they to a large convex stone with leather strap at the corner . it be cover with blood . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) this be we sacrificial stone . he indicate a brazier with five still - beat heart . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) and here we make we offering . corte great moctezuma , I can contain myself no longer . I must tell you ... we see moctezuma 's face as he listen , and cortes ' voice fade down . diaz ( v.0 . ) we Captain calmly state we mission : to convert the native to Christianity . he also explain the trinity and other mystery which we accept on faith . cortes ' voice fade up again : 67 . corte so that ours be the one true God . moctezuma nod . moctezuma malinche , I be sure you God be good to you . so be ours , to we . I of not ask you to forsake you belief . please give to we people , and we god , the same respect . cortes glance at the brazier - corte do not you hear what I say ?! this be a abomination ! father . olmeda ( quietly , calmly ) not now , Captain . corte this " god " be devil ! as cortes raise he voice to the Emperor , several Aztec Guards move as if to seize he . moctezuma motion for they to desist . corte ( cont 'd ) let we place we virgin here and pee how you false god shrink from er ! as marina translate , moctezuma shake he head sadly , and motion for he guest to leave . moctezuma i_have commit a grave sacrilege in bring you here . this god make the sun shine , the rain fall and the corn grow . I must now atone for expose they to such blasphemy . he walk away , into one of two large temple . cortes want to pursue he , but Father olmeda lay a calming hand on the Captain 's shoulder ... father olmeda " no use to overturn the alter if the idol remain enthrone in the heart . " Father olmeda lead cortes away . 68 . diaz ( v.0 . ) that night we ponder cortes ' blunder . would moctezuma see that we could not be they god if we defile they god ? CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . day . Cloud of incense roll toward the ceiling . spectacular tapestry cover the wall . on the floor , beautiful gift be laid out on mat of palm leaf . moctezuma and cortes sip cold cocoa . diaz ( v.0 . ) despite cortes ' outburst , moctezuma receive we with great courtesy , toast we Captain with frothy cocoa drink . he ask jokingly to see the machine say to spew thunder and lighten . a page place a thick piece of wood against the wall . velasquez de Leon fire he gun into it . moctezuma be amaze and scared and try to conceal he fear . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) cortes skirt question of religion ... CUT to : int . axayacatl' palace . chapel . day . the room be be clear of Aztec article and convert into a chapel . crucifix of several size litter the floor . diaz ( v.0 . ) except to ask , most politely , if we could construct a chapel in we own quarter . Soldiers remove a large animal skin from the wall . Father olmeda stare at what be reveal : a small doorway , plaster over . Father olmeda run he hand along the plaster : fresh . father olmeda fetch cortes . CUT to : 69 . ext . later the plaster around the doorway be go . velasquez de Leon insert he sword and pries off the cover . it fall . sandoval approach with a burn torch and glance at cortes . cortes nod . sandoval go through the doorway - int . treasure room . like a vision from some fairy tale : gold in nugget and dust and grain , semi-precious stone ( turquoise , jade , onyx , opal ) , silver exquisite plate and metalwork combine this rich together . pile and pile of everything . this be El dorado . diaz ( v.0 . ) we later learn : this wealth represent 100 year of Aztec rule . when I see it , I know there be nothing to compare in all the world . the eye of the spaniard be wide with greed . cortes ' page be make rapid calculation in he notebook . cortes be lose in reverie , finger gold dust . suddenly he realize Father olmeda 's eye be on he . he blink - look up - corte be I a good Christian , Father ? father olmeda good Christians do not do this work . he say it gently , about cortes ... but he fatalistic tone indicate it may apply equally to himself . cortes lay the jewel down and leave the room . after a moment , the other follow . corte touch nothing . board it up as before , and put the alter in front . as the man move the large alter toward the door - CUT to : 70 . int . spanish quarter . day . eerie background music . aztec nobles watch : Spanish soldier wager greedily with card make from drum skin . other spaniard stand guard . diaz ( v.0 . ) for the next day , they watch we . the behavior of the Spanish gambler seem crude , uncivilize . CUT to : ext . aztec STREET . day . a Spanish soldier exit a public toilet build of reed and straw . diaz ( v.0 . ) the mexican , whose obsession with cleanliness extend to daily bathing and public latrine , be curious if we excrement , like that of the god , be gold . as the soldier walk away , several Young aztecs run into the public toilet to examine what have be leave . they exit , hold they nose . CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . day . Royal entertainment : dancer , spectacular foot-jugglers ... but the two leader seem edgy : moctezuma smile at cortes and nod . cortes reply in the same way . too formal . Long beat . moctezuma glance to one side . cortes follow the glance : the fierce and warlike cuauhtemoc be crack tiny nut with he tooth and eat they . cortes exchange look with sandoval and velasquez De Leon : trouble be come ... CUT to : 71 . int . spanish quarter . night . cortes lie in bed beside marina . eye open , worry . suddenly a loud knock at the door . velasquez De Leon enter , follow by cristobal , Alvarado , sandoval . velasquez do leon Captain ? I be sorry to ... corte what be it ? velasquez do leon a messenger just arrive from Vera Cruz . aztecs there have kill 20 of we shipmate . cortes nod . stare . look around at the other . corte we must act . sandoval quickly . alvarado decisively . corte yes . tomorrow we must save ourselves ... or die in the attempt . ( long beat ) this be what I propose ... CUT to : ext . MAIN square . day . cortes and a dozen man cross the square to moctezuma 's palace . corte ( v.0 . ) tomorrow morning will seem the same as today . a group of we will go to moctezuma 's chamber . as always , we will be fully armed . after the first dozen , a second casually follow . then a third . corte ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) for the first time , other soldier will follow . we must hope they attract no particular notice . 72 . the last two group loiter outside moctezuma 's palace ... CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . day . the spaniard enter , and moctezuma nod graciously . corte ( v.0 . ) then , when we enter , I will - corte ( live ) ( cont 'd ) great moctezuma , I must demand - moctezuma stop he with a gesture . he proceed playfully : moctezuma malinche , be this true that of the rich I give you King , he will receive only a fifth ? corte yes , but - moctezuma and_you receive a equal fifth ? cortes nod . moctezuma proceed with mock outrage : moctezuma ( cont 'd ) and the rest be divide among you man ? corte it 's true . moctezuma stare gravely at cortes and then burst out laugh . moctezuma you be a very clever man ! he continue to laugh . no one join he . he realize there be tension in the air . nod gravely . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) you have hear about 20 of you man ? corte yes . moctezuma i_hear it too , with shame and sadness . I have come to think of you as my brother , and to show my eart have good will ... 73. he motion and a gorgeous princess , dona ana , appear . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) i_am give you today my third daughter , to be one of you wife . for a moment cortes be throw off course , both by the act of generosity and the luminous beauty of this girl . corte she be very beautiful ... marina dutifully translate this ... corte ( cont 'd ) but that do not change what happen . there have be too many accident . until that who kill my man can be bring here and question , you yourself must come with we , to we quarter . he watch moctezuma 's face as marina translate . bewilderment , then shock , then outrage . moctezuma 's eye flash toward he guard - because they have they eye lower , they do not see he . as he mouth open , velasquez de Leon and cristobal approach with sword draw . there be nothing moctezuma_ can do . he be trap . he lower he eye . his body tremble with rage . moctezuma go ...as you prisoner ? corte as we guest . moctezuma be this how my kindness be reward ? ( anger ) when do a great prince such as myself , ever leave he palace to stay with stranger ?! corte you will hold court there , as always . everything will be the same . moctezuma stare at cortes . 74 . moctezuma even if I should consent to such a degradation , my subject never would . I remain here . velasquez do leon then let the barbarian die ! now ! beat . moctezuma look at marina . marina look at cortes : translate ? he nod , and she translate . moctezuma stare at cortes . expressionless , but think ... finally he smile . and stand . paradoxically , he seem stronger , more imperious ... he gesture toward the door moctezuma let _us go then to the palace of my father and see what destiny await . CUT to : ext . MAIN square . day . moctezuma walk , escort , across the square to axayacatl 's palace . diaz ( v.0 . ) cortes warn that we victory be temporary . we would still have to fight the aztecs , and the conflict would be savage , and soon . moctezuma 's posture be straight , proud , bewilder . CUT to : int . axayacatl' palace . day . young bernal diaz sit make mark on a Aztec scroll use a Aztec pencil . cortes walk by . stops. look . look again . corte what be you do ? young diaz make note . so I can remember corte for what purpose ? young diaz . so I can tell my grandchild . 75 . cortes stare at he . not with think , but with a kind of realization . a mystical moment . corte no . so you can tell the world . ( long beat ) that be , if you live . he laugh and walk away . Young diaz look after he , then look down again at he note . but now he 's look at they in a different way ... CUT to : int . axayacatl' palace . council room . day . moctezuma on he mat stroking he python . surround he be five papas . in the center be a statue of a grotesque Aztec God . diaz ( v.0 . ) we keep we word . outwardly nothing change except the location of moctezuma 's court . across the vast room , cortes chat with sandoval as marina watch : something about the posture of the aztecs , they ritualize movement and attitude , be dissonant , unsettle , impenetrable . a servant interrupt they conference , and moctezuma glare at he . the servant say something more , and moctezuma 's expression soften . he nod . in response , another papa enter , carry a dead golden eagle . when he see this , moctezuma growl fiercely and the enter papa retreat . simultaneously : cuauhtemoc rise and begin to speak cortes turn to marina : corte what 's go on ? she shake she head , watch intently as : cuauhtemoc argue with considerable passion . corte ( cont 'd ) you can not possibly hear they . she make no reply , watch : moctezuma gesture , and cuauhtemoc bow , start for the door - marina they be teach perfect elocution . you can read they lip . ( without pause ) ( more ) 76 . moctezunmarinqprent ' bdauhtemoc , just begge the Emperor to kill we . corte moctezuma listen ? marina he have to . cuauhtemoc be a potential heir to the throne . corte to sandoval ) follow cuauhtemoc and arrest he . sandoval start after cuauhtemoc , motion to several soldier to accompany he . cuauhtemoc be still visible down the long hallway , and we see the spaniard quickly close in for the arrest . cortes look at marina ... hesitates ... corte ( cont'd I be go to sleep with moctezuma 's daughter tonight . marina she be young and pretty . corte you be not jealous ? marina do not insult I . cortes look she over as if for the first time : profound admiration . corte you be remarkable . marina no . but I be here first , and I will bear you child . he stare . corte oh . beat . marina you be not happy ? corte I be always happy . he do not look it . he realize some other response be require . 77 . corte ( cont 'd ) and I be proud to have you as the mother of my child . ( intense , to himself ) May it be a son ! hardly the reaction she want . as she swallow she disappointment CUT to : ext . MAIN square . night . aztecs watch in bewilderment as spaniard pile wood and weapon ( spear , arrow , lance ) in the center of the square . diaz ( v.0 . ) a few day later , that who kill 20 of we man be bring to tenochtitlan . seventeen bound aztecs be lead out of axayacatl 's Palace and tie to the top of the wood pile . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) accord to cortes , they say they be act on moctezuma 's order . the aztecs claim we misunderstand . as mexican pedestrian look on in astonishment , moctezuma be lead onto a balcony in shackle . his eye be lower in shame . the pyre be light . the condemn man start to burn . moctezuma watch ... cortes step to moctezuma 's side . moctezuma sense he , but do not look at he . moctezuma so ... you_ sacrifice you enemy after all . cortes blink . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) i_was talk to you priest . he tell I you God command abraham to sacrifice he son Isaac . ( finally look at cortes ) and be not Jesus himself sacrifice by you God ? 78 . hold on cortes ' reaction - CUT to : int . spanish quarter . day . cortes and moctezuma play a Aztec dice game , throw smooth gold pellet and slab across the room . the two man seem cheerful , relaxed , the best of friend . diaz ( v.0 . ) moctezuma be unchain after the burning , and he be different . be he hide something ? wait ? he seem to have a hide faith that somehow he god would release he from this indignity . a brief pause in the game . we catch moctezuma stare at cortes . the look on he face be completely inscrutable . CUT to : ext . tenochtitlan . street . day . cortes and marina walk , with cristobal and Alvarado behind they . the street be crowded with Indians who keep glance in one direction , as if wait for something . diaz ( v.0 . ) we enjoy the city . we relaxed . and every time we do , we see something that chill we heart . cristobal no , no , no . I do not think there be - or should be - any limit to the number of woman a man can have . in Arabia - they stop . a noise . a procession approach . the aztecs around they start to weep . alvarado what ? what be it ? the spaniard group together , watch as : six Children be borne through the street . they be weep profusely . the Aztec pedestrian be weep with equal abandon . marina they believe the tear of the child bring rain , so the crop will grow . 79 . cristobal then ... this be theatre ? marina no . the child be sacrifice . all the spaniard stare in disbelief . CUT to : int . spanish quarter . huge reception room . day . two Aztec clown be put on a raucous performance ... moctezuma in full finery , sit on he mat next to cortes . with a wave of he hand he dismiss the clown and turn to cortes . moctezuma now . I have a surprise for you . he motion again , and aztec prince come forward and proffer gift . corte what be this ? moctezuma what you ask . we chief be declare loyalty to King carlos . the line of chief go on across the room and out the door ... and the rich they hold be staggering ... CUT to : int . chapel . day . the treasure room door have be reopen , and Spanish troops be bring out the booty . fully display , it be even more dazzle . cortes ' page be note everything , with its value , in a book . diaz ( v.0 . ) moctezuma also tell we of the secret treasure room and freely give we its content . some of the loot be be carry through the room , out onto : a large roof terrace where the stone be be remove from the exquisite gold jewelry and the gold melt down into ingot . diaz ( v.0 . ) we melt down they jewelry , so the gold would be easier to transport . 80 . int . reception room . ( note that all room look alike . ) moctezuma and cortes sit on mat examine the treasure as it be pile before they . again cortes ' page take note . diaz ( v.0 . perhaps moctezuma hope if we have all he wealth we would go home . moctezuma watch as cortes argue quietly with velasquez De Leon : velasquez do leon but why ?! we have conquer Mexico ! they power , revenue , and doyalty have be give we without a single blow be strike ! corte do we seek only power , rich ? ( turn to moctezuma ) my Lord , there be one more thing I must ask . moctezuma i_will grant it . corte my man be not content with we chapel . we beg permission to remove you god from the top of the pyramid and put we Lady in they place . moctezuma stare at cortes . moctezuma do you love war ? cortes be take aback - moctezuma ( cont 'd ) my god and my people will rise . corte even one temple might do . besides ... we will take it regardless of you answer . moctezuma stare at cortes ... moctezuma ( measure , a threat ) then I give my permission . CUT to : 81 . int . aztec temple . night . cortes stare up at huitzilopochtli , the fat Aztec war God . Broad cheek , terrible eye , girdle with hiss snake . cortes extend he hand . a iron bar be place in it corte make it clean . he leap onto the idol and begin smashing it . this be no simple demolition . this be rage . FURY . madness . at first other join in , but the pace and intensity of they leader 's assault distract they . they stop and stare . at Father olmeda 's side , velasquez de Leon shake he head . father olmeda | yes . this go beyond faith . velasquez do leon perhaps ... the slaughter in cholula , burn that people alive ... do he feel some remorse ? father olmeda no . this be about he greatness . cortes ' anger be both scary and awe-inspire ... father olmeda ( cont 'd ) if he truly have faith , he would accept himself as a gift from God . CUT to : ext . top of pyramid . day . spaniard filing into one large building , aztecs into the other . diaz ( v.0 . ) so it be that for a few day a Aztec temple and Christian church stand side by side , in peace . intercut the two ceremony : - Father olmeda wave incense . - aztecs wave incense as they lead a beautiful boy , 19 , up the step of the pyramid . he be surround by gorgeous young women . diaz ( v.o. dy cont 'd ) for the past year , '' be beautiful boy have be feed the most exquisite food , tend to by the most beautiful girl , and live a life of hedonistic joy . ( more ) 82 . today , hdeokgeanegdyith mushroom , he would die so that the sun would continue to move in the heaven . he look deliriously happy . smiling , wave to the crowd . subtly , underneath , we hear the sound of he heartbeat ... - on the wall of the Catholic " church " hang a deeply somber painting of the baby Jesus surround by Joseph and Mary . - the beautiful Boy walk onto the sacrificial stone and raise he arm in exultation . the aztecs cheer . - Father olmeda stand at the pulpit . behind he : a large crucifix . Jesus ' hand and foot be tightly bound to the cross . - atop the sacrificial stone , the beautiful Boy 's hand and foot be hold by four papas . the Chief papa raise he knife ... - Father olmeda begin communion . on the crucifix : Jesus grimace . - smile on the face of the beautiful Boy . - this crucifix be gory . a spear lance Jesus ' chest : blood gush . - the sacrificial knife cut : blood flow from the beautiful Boy 's chest . the rich red liquid flow off the stone into a cup ... - Red wine in Father olmeda 's cup as he hold it to cortes ' lip ... - the palpitate heart be place in the brazier . - the wafer be put into cortes ' mouth . - the beautiful Boy 's body be throw down the side of the pyramid to the butcher who wait below . the crowd cheer happily . - Communion continue : soberly feast on the " body " of Christ . moctezuma watch from the rear as cortes walk up the aisle ... he step in cortes ' path - cortes look at he with surprise : how dare you interrupt my mass ? moctezuma at least we kill and eat we enemy ... even we selve ... but not we god ! he laugh derisively and walk away . CUT to : int . spanish quarter . moctezuma's court . day . through the window we see : the square fill with protest aztecs incite by a group of papas . drawing back inside : 83. moctezuma sit surround by enraged Priests . his attitude and posture tell we that he power have return . on the mat in front of he be a pile of green wilted corn : bad omen . moctezuma the god be outrage . the people be in arm . leave at once , or you will die . cort ! my Lord , we would be pleased to go , but have no mean . as you know , we ship be rotten and have to be sink . moctezuma ( smile ) but _- how lucky - new ship have arrive ! he unfold a Aztec scroll which show several large vessel . moctezuma ( cont 'd ) spaniard ! cortes stare at the scroll . corte bless be the redeemer for he mercy . can you tell , from this scroll , how many man have come ? moctezuma thirteen hundred . corte and who be they leader ? moctezuma a man name " narvaez . " cortes stare at moctezuma ... corte if you know he name , then you man make contact with he . moctezuma stare at cortes , and then , very slowly , smile . corte ( cont 'd ) what sort of contact ? beat . moctezuma be now confident , imperial again : moctezuma the God smoke Mirror love to play trick on we all . int . corte room . night . a conference of the chief hidalgo . velasquez do leon narvaez be send by my cousin velasquez to quell we mutiny . ( off cortes ' look ) but we be right to mutiny . History be on we side . cristobal screw history . narvaez have fresh man , fresh horse - sandoval 84 . CUT to : and if moctezuma be in contact with he , they must have make a deal . corte yes . moctezuma have wait patiently , with great confidence , for the tide to shift . and now it has. ( long beat ) we have only one advantage . ( off they look ) they both expect we to lose . cristobal that 's a advantage ?! corte we leave tonight . Alvarado will remain in charge of the garrison . will take 70 man to the sea . ext . road . night . fast and force march . only it be not a " march . " the man be run . ext . road . day . Foot soldier trot , the five horse walk . I CUT to : CUT to : a_ foot soldier , tiring , pat the leg of a horseman , and they trade place . 85 . diaz ( v.0 . ) speed be we only ally , surprise we only weapon . suddenly the company stop , peer into : a deep ravine . they look in both direction : the ravine finally close mile away ... cristobal olid horse can be round in a hour , but that on foot will lose half a day . cortes shake he head ; no good . he stare at the ravine : 25 foot wide , no way to cross it ... corte send the horse on . the other look at he skeptically . he address sandoval : corte ( cont 'd ) go. sandoval kick he horse , and the other four ride after he . cristobal olid but how do we cross ? corte I do not know . cristobal olid you do not - ( know ?! be you crazy ?!) corte some kind of bridge ? velasquez do leon but what would we make it of ? again cortes look up and down the ravine . corte maybe the bridge be already here ... a hundre yard away they stare at a huge sycamore tree five foot in diameter . cristobal olid with sword ? it would take half a day to cut it down ... cortes shake he head : cristobal do not get it . " then cristobal follow cortes ' gaze ... up into the branch of the tree : 86 . a hundred foot off the ground , the branch approach that of a sister tree from the other side of the ravine . cristobal give cortes a look : be you criminally insane ? corte volunteer ? none . just as he expect . he start to climb the tree . cristobal olid you be not scared of height ? corte no . ts fall from height I do not ike . minute later . cortes climb quickly ... too quickly . he grab a branch where wet leave be rest - lose he grip - plunge six foot , landing on another branch with terrific force and almost fall to he death . he lie there . heaves a big sigh . call to that below : corte just a few rib . start to climb again . as he do , the wind come up , and the branch begin to sway . down below , cristobal watch with velasquez de Leon : cristobal olid if he fall , we can return to Cuba . velasquez do leon to hell with Cuba ! cristobal look surprised at he vehemence . velasquez do leon ( cont 'd ) stop you whining . you have five woman , a fortune in gold , and you be have the time of you life . 87 . cristobal olid true enough . ( beat ) but I can complain if I want to . velasquez do leon look up ) Holy mother of God ... cortes near the top . tye a rope to the tree he 's in . the wind be strong . the pinnacle sway back and forth ... branch approach the sister tree , then pull away ... approach ... pull away ... cortes have to make he leap at precisely the right instant ... he 's terrify . prepare to leap , then stop himself . realizing : corte if you be scared , you will fall . he take a deep breath . look down at the other . wave . grin . this be not a moment for sanity . he look back at the wave tree . corte ( cont 'd ) what the hell . rope tie to he waist , he rock with the tree , prepare to jump - velasquez de Leon cross himself . cortes scream at the top of he lung , leap - fail to catch he branch - Falls ... grab another branch which break he fall , but can not hold on - Falls again and finally latch on , two hand grip tight . tendon white , sick grimace on he face . he close he eye with relief : make it . minute later the rope be now strung from the top of the first tree to where cortes land in the second , so that other can traverse the ravine without jump . the last man , cristobal , move gingerly across ... 88. corte hurry , the horse ! Dust in the distance . 100 yard away . minute later . as the horse ride up , the foot soldier wait directly across from where sandoval leave they . the sycamore tree sway in the distance . sandoval stop ...stares ... look around dumfounded ... corte we fly . sandoval nod . of course . ' corte ( cont 'd ) let 's go . the horse walk , the man trot . CUT to : ext . camp . night . tents sit in the rain . diaz ( v.0 . ) we reach the sea in 23 hour and send on Father olmeda and Martin Lopez , pose as messenger bear a letter of conciliation . we hope to thus distract narvaez from we purpose . the rain be savage . most tent be dark , but one be well - light . approach the doorway ... int . corte ' tent . night . cortes pace anxiously , sandoval enter , look very worried . sandoval a m-messenger , sir . corte from Father olmeda and - sandoval no. from t-t- tenoch - corte if it 's bad news , say it 89 . sandoval Alvarado believe the mexican be about to attack . he strike first during one of they festival , and slaughter they . the entire city be now counter - attack we garrison . cortes stare at he thoughtfully ... corte perhaps this be moctezuma 's plan , with narvaez . divide and conquer . __ sandoval ( quite concerned ) w-w - what be we go to do ? corte calm , almost amused : ) well ... I guess we better defeat narvaez , do not you think ? lean back , close he eye wake I when Father olmeda a Martin Lopez return . CUT to : int . corte ' tent . later . Martin Lopez mark xs on a map : martin LOPEZ sentry . sentry . and narvaez be here , on top of the cue . corte his man ? father olmeda adventurer . they have little loyalty to he and great interest in you and you gol corte how far be it ? , martin LOPEZ . without rain , a hour 's journey . corte and now ? they look out at the downpour : only fool would ... CUT to : 90 . ext . road . night . miserable march through thick rain . no trot now . cortes , cristobal , and sandoval walk in front . cristobal olid ( to sandoval ) yes . I have a cat once too ... but it die . sandoval that 's too bad , I - cristobal olid I strangle it . sandoval oh . cristobal olid I have good reason . cortes stop , fall to he knee . cristobal olid ( cont 'd ) what now ?! sandoval join cortes . cristobal see : the small cross erect when they leave cempoala . cristobal how could we find this ? in the dark , the rain ? he kneel too . sandoval speak they think : sandoval because we Lord favor we . CUT to : ext . narvaez ' camp . night . the rain have almost stop . from a distance , cortes and he man look at the size of the camp , the number of tent . it appear they have no chance . cortes motion with he head : let 's go . inside the camp . a sentry turn to look the other away , and ten of cortes ' man scurry into camp . when the sentry turn back , he see two cluster of man walk casually . cortes wave to the sentry and call : corte Saint iago ! down with cortes ! 91 . the sentry wave to they - inside a tent on top of a cue narvaez ( 42 , swarthy , muscular ) be make love to a indian woman . pull back out of the tent , focus on : corte ' group . as they spot the light from narvaez ' tent , and stealthily approach the pyramid . sandoval and four other man run up the step from the other direction . suddenly nearby voice call : voice to arm ! we be be attack ! cortes and he man raise they musket and fire . other rifle go off simultaneously . sandoval 's group sprint up the cue . narvaez 's man rush from they tent , fumble with they rifle , and be quickly take prisoner . corte cortes ! Victory to cortes ! his man take up the chant , reloading they rifle and fire they into the air - inside he tent narvaez try to untangle himself from he amorous lover . grabbing for some kind of clothing - outside from every side , cortes ' man be fire into the air . meanwhile : firefly be blink in the distance . narvaez 's man hear the musket shot , see the firefly ... diaz ( v.0 . ) narvaez ' man mistake the blink firefly for we musket and think we have somehow mustere a huge force . cortes and sandoval , from opposite side , be climb the cue . Hand - to -hand combat . they reach the top as a silhouette in a nightshirt run from he tent gut into the darkness and be attack from two side . he clutches he ace - 92 . narvaez Santa Maria , help I ! they have kill I and put out my eye ! sandoval v-victory ! v-victory for cortes ! narvaez be dead ! down below , cortes ' man take up the chant : " narvaez be dead ! " the cry echoe across the camp . CUT to : ext . narvaez ' camp . morning . cortes sit in a orange gown receive homage from narvaez ' troops . he offer he hand imperiously for they to kiss . diaz ( v.0 . ) narvaez be not dead . his humiliation be complete in the morning when he see we meager force . narvaez sit nearby . he be now wear a eye patch . narvaez thank you evil luck for put I into you power so easily . corte I have much to be thankful for , but this be the least of my achievement . cortes give each of narvaez ' man a small sack . at_a moment when no - one else be in hearing , cortes explain to sandoval : corte ( cont 'd ) the gold be to keep this mercenary from have second thought . nearby , two of cortes ' man - villafana ( a common soldier with a distinctive scar who we see on the dock in Cuba ) and he cohort watch with barely conceal rage . sandoval but we own man have receive nothing , this gift will - corte exactly . ( to villafana and cohort ) what sort of soldier follow a man like narvaez ? do they fight for glory or God ? no . only for gold . 93. villafana I be the same . corte good . you shall have the gold you dream of . ( give he _a_ small sack ) lot of it . and we shall use this ( indicate narvaez ' man ) cousin of ours to get it . a soldier on horseback ride up furiously , hand cortes a message . sandoval watch as cortes read the message with grave concern - sandoval we garrison ? corte the aztecs stop they attack . why ? he rise , conceal he concern , and announce cheerfully : corte ( cont 'd ) Men ! let we march to tenochtitlan and show we recruit how much the aztecs love we . CUT to : ext . tenochtitlan . day . the expand Spanish Army walk along a causeway . like a neutron bomb land : no Indians in sight . in the distance , a single canoe skim the water . ominous . cortes and sandoval exchange worried look . some of the bridge which connect other dike have be destroy . clear implication : the spaniard will have to fight they way out . sandoval p-perhap the last message we receive be a trick ? as they cross one of the bridge , a horse fall . the caravan stop . cortes trot back to examine the animal . leg break , it will have to be destroy . botello , the exotic little man who be throw tarot on the ship mutter something . cortes glower in he direction : corte what do you say ? 94 . botello I do not care if you hate I . I speak the truth . this be a bad omen . corte in a desert city , you need a spastic horse to tell you something be wrong ? botello gesture derisively and retreat . cortes stare at the horse . corte ( cont 'd ) shoot it . the order carry out . cortes look anxiously toward tenochtitlan . silence ... cortes begin to fidget ... he and sandoval exchange another look ... finally we hear a shot fire in reply . cortes spur he horse and they move on . CUT to : ext . MAIN square . day . cortes and he man enter . the square be empty except four mexica , each stand in a corner , drip blood . cortes and company look at the mexica with mount horror as they realize : the reason they drip blood be because they be wear the skin of slaughter man . cortes turn to marina : corte this be intend to scare we ? marina no . it 's one of they ritual . the ceremony of the flay men. cortes nod . stare again at the four man ... barely overcome he horror , he kick he horse and move on : Alvarado rush out to meet he . 95 . corte how be you troops ? alvarado no food . no water . moctezuma be approach . cortes dismount and walk right past he . on moctezuma 's face : rage , then sadness , confusion ; and again rage . moctezuma be this the reward I get for call off my man and prevent the slaughter of yours ? corte you prefer to kill we slowly , cut off food and water ? moctezuma i_am helpless to change this thing when I be you captive . corte be not you the great moctezuma ? Long beat . they stare at each other . moctezuma if you wish we market reopen you must release my nephew cuauhtemoc . corte he hate all spaniard . moctezuma he be marry to my youngest daughter , he be in line for the throne , and he will obey the emperor . cortes consider this , finally turn to De Leon : corte order it do . ( stare at moctezuma ... ) when I be go , why do you save my man ? ( off moctezuma 's stare ) you fear for you life ? moctezuma the great honor for a warrior be to die in combat . May that be my fate . 96 . corte then why ? moctezuma because you cortes , be a most remarkable . .. be . it seem a unequivocal statement of admiration and awe . then : moctezuma ( cont 'd ) inwant to make sure you come back . he smile , with a ominous hint of triumph ... CUT to : int . corte ' quarter . day . Alvarado talk as cortes stare out the window . alvarado ... we spy say they be plan to attack , so I strike first ... cortes watch as cuauhtemoc be release from the Spanish palace and walk across the square . as cuauhtemoc pass two women , they lower they eye deferentially . they will not look at he face . cortes frown : what do this mean ? alvarado ( 0.s. ( cont 'd ) so you see ? I have no choice . corte ( whirl ) Choice ?! this be they festival , during which they never wage war ! alvarado I catch they by surprise - corte they outnumber we a thousand to one ! the one thing you be not to do be provoke they wrath ! alvarado yes sir . corte you be a great soldier , Alvarado , with the brain of a crustacean . when we return to battle , you will fight in the most precarious position . 97 . alvarado grin ) sound good to I . corte get out of here ! Alvarado leave . cortes stare after he . then he look again out the window . cuauhtemoc no longer visible . just a few aztecs ... corte ( cont 'd ) I should have leave velasquez de Leon in charge . we think he 's talk to a empty room . corte ( cont 'd ) he 's the only man I have who 's not a child . marina approach he . at she touch , he speech become gentler , more affectionate . corte ( cont 'd ) but the child be so simple . ( glance after Alvarado ) one must never blame they for be themselves . marina what worry you ? corte ( scornful ) worried ? ( stop ... think ... ) that I have lead they all to slaughter . CUT to : int . spanish quarter . night . diaz , the Young soldier who plant the orange pip , lie asleep in he bedroll , fully armed . his face peaceful , almost innocent . diaz ( v.0 . ) even when this campaign be over , I always sleep on the floor , in my clothes . I grow use to it , and for ear after I never lay down ina ed unless there be a woman in it . a commotion nearby ; soldier run and shout . diaz do not wake until : 98 . a flame arrow pierce the air and land on Young diaz ' bedroll . it burst into flame . he leap up and stamp it out . around he , other soldier jump to arm - CUT to : ext . moctezuma's roof . night . as cortes and marina approach , moctezuma stand watch the battle and stroking he python ... moctezuma it be my shame I be here with you and not there , lead my people . _ corte | who be the warrior who lead they ? moctezuma ( know the answer ) where ? cortes point to a dynamic chieftain exhort he troops ... moctezuma ( cont 'd ) you do not recognize my nephew cuauhtemoc , who you just release ?! corte you tell I he would open the market . moctezuma he have . to we people . corte you say he would obey the emperor . moctezuma he_ do . as of now , he be the emperor . enrage , cortes stalk out of the room - CUT to : ext . MAIN square . day . spaniard burst out of axayacatl 's palace and be quickly drive back by tzilacatzin , a giant Aztec slingshot artist , and other . diaz ( v.0 . ) moctezuma 's gentle manners have not prepare we for this battle . ( more ) 99 . slow to 9has6conredaztecs be even more difficult to pacify . CUT to : int . spanish quarter . day . flaming arrow , Indians leaping through window , smoke so thick we can hardly see . gun fire , sword slice the air ; a vision of hell . diaz ( v.0 . ) they suffer great casualty , but when we sue for peace , they tell we 25,000 of they number could die for every Spaniard and they would be content . CUT to : int . moctezuma's chamber . day . Father olmeda with moctezuma . diaz ( v.o . they love of death terrify we so we appeal to moctezuma to end the bloodsh . moctezuma i_ desire only to die . father olmeda ( gently ) but must all you people , and ours , die with you ? moctezuma stare at he . father olmeda ( cont 'd ) allow we to leave in peace , and we will never return . Long beat . moctezuma stare at Father olmeda . moctezuma i_understand more than you think . Father olmeda be about to question this enigmatic reply when moctezuma rise slowly to he foot . CUT to : ext . axayacatl' palace . day . the battle rage . cortes and marina watch : 100 . moctezuma walk onto a rooftop , dress in he official regalia ( rich loin cloth , mantle embroider with feather , gold decoration turquoise ear plug , a jade ornament pierce both nostril , and a rock crystal tube pierce he lower lip . his face be brightly paint . the effect be bizarre but quite beautiful ) he 's surround and protect by spaniard . the aztecs stop fight , but they attitude toward moctezuma have change : it 's still respectful , but for the first time they look directly at he face . moctezuma people , my people who I love , brave people , why be you fight ? to save I ? i_am not a prisoner . I be already dead . marina translate for cortes ... corte already ... " dead ? " moctezuma do you want to drive away the stranger ? that be not necessary . if you let they go , the stranger will leave and never return . this be they word . they give they word . should we not believe they ? corte what be he do ? what 's he say ? moctezuma have not the stranger always be honest and true ? go home , then , take the word of this stranger and lay down you arm . listen please . listen to you emperor . he stop . his eye search the crowd and find cuauhtemoc . he nod to cuauhtemoc . cortes see it . cuauhtemoc I be the Emperor now ! listen to I ! this man be a coward ! a rise swell of anger as other aztecs shout similar insult . cortes be enraged at this carefully stage piece of theatre . 101 . marina ( to cortes ) they be call he a eunuch , a old woman , a sodomite for the white man . cuauhtemoc fire a arrow at moctezuma . barely miss . other aztecs shoot arrow , throw stone , and hurl insult - moctezuma stand proudly : accept , even welcoming , the abuse . the spaniard Guards , take by surprise , rush to protect he , but - moctezuma be hit on the chest by two stone - the giant tzilacatzin fire he slingshot ... and hit moctezuma on the head . he drop - Spanish Guards hurriedly cover he up and carry he inside . int . palace . day . as moctezuma be carry in , he be bring past a glaring cortes . moctezuma look up at he with a want smile of triumph . he be then carry into the adjoin room . cortes glare after he with homicidal fury , then follow he into the other room . the door close slowly , ominously .. hold on the door . in the b.g. , we hear the battle raging ... dissolve to : same door , later . ( battle sfx , under . ) sandoval exit , announce to that who be wait : sandoval ; he 's refuse all medical treatment . dissolve to : same door , later . ( battle , under . ) velasquez De Leon exit : velasquez do leon he 's refuse all food . dissolve to : same door , later . cortes ' page emerge , downcast . corte ' page moctezuma be dead other move forward : " what happen ? " , " what do he die of ? " , etc. 102 . corte ' page ( cont 'd ) he refuse the sacrament . dissolve to : int . moctezuma's quarter . day . cortes and Father olmeda hover near moctezuma 's wheeze body . corte ' page ( v.o. ) cortes be with he to the end . corte I beg you again , great speaker . ( indicate olmeda ) before you soul be damned - moctezuma no . my god have forsaken I , but I will not forsake they . besides ... he indicate Father olmeda , who at the moment be examine with evident greed a beautiful gold necklace ... when cortes turn back , moctezuma give he he hand : moctezuma ( cont 'd ) malinche ... my daughter , sweet and fiery , be here with you . will you protect they ? corte ( touch ) of course . ( hesitates , can not resist ask : ) and you , can you tell I ... they sa you be once a great warrior to for moctezuma 's nod why do you never fight we ? moctezuma smile as if to say : do not you know ?? moctezuma if_ you be a God , I dare not , if you be what you say , ambassador toa great King : what kind of King would I be if TI make war on a ambassador ? ( breathe more heavily ... ) besides , we mexica fight war to gain captive . ( gesture ) here in tenochtitlan , be you not already we prisoner ? cortes stare at he , stunne ... 103 . moctezuma smile wanly ... cortes realize suddenly : have moctezuma_ already defeat he ? moctezuma 's breath get short and short ... another angle . moment or minute later . the page watch as : cortes close moctezuma 's eye . int . the next room . as cortes ' page finish this story . young diaz be that really what happen ? corte ' page of course young diaz but ... when he leave here , cortes seem enraged at moctezuma ...? cortes ' page stare at Young bernal diaz with a peculiar expression and we realize : the page 's story may be a lie . they attention be divert by the sound of the raging battle - CUT to : int . spanish quarter . day . at a barricade doorway , soldier be fire , reloading , and fire again without aim they shotgun and crossbow : the Indians so thickly mass the spaniard can not miss . botello the soothsayer stand wait as cortes pace the floor listen to the anxious report of : velasquez do leon - handful of corn per day : without food and clean water , we will never last the week . corte ( turn to botello ) you be right about the horse 's death . botello as always . corte if I seek you counsel , be I no better than moctezuma , whose world be curse by superstition ? 104 . botello ( snide ) a pretty question , sir . shall I consult the star for a answer ? corte ( irritable ) what be you augury now ? for we ? botello leave tomorrow night or die . cortes nod thoughtfully and giance across the room , where carpenter be building some kind of contraption ... velasquez do leon ( support botello ) the Indians be still unprepare for night battle , so perhaps - botello it 's not military tactic ; it 's fate . corte ( growl ) fate be something we cause , not submit to . Father olmeda arch a eyebrow at cortes ... , corte ( cont 'd ) with God 's mercy , of course . father olmeda of course . CUT to : ext . axayacatl' castle . day . Battle raging . the front door swing open , and four mexican prince carry out a body wrap in turquoise cloth . the battle stop . the body be borne with great solemnity . indian drum roll ... Soldiers on both side stand silently in tribute . even that aztecs who curse and throw stone now give moctezuma respect : let we forget failing and honor the dead . diaz ( v.0 . ) some say they give moctezuma 's body royal honors ; ( more ) 105 . other biazheqngurded he into a canal like carrion . either way , they claim we kill he with a sword thrust up he rectum . moctezuma 's body disappear slowly around a corner ... CUT to : int . spanish quarter . day . the huge room where moctezuma once hold court be now the military command room : cortes and the other hidalgos be diagramm plan for they departure . a Messenger be give final instruction , and depart ... diaz ( v.0 . ) we have to flee . to camouflage we true intention , we send a message ask cuauhtemoc for peace . cortes ' page open the door , and fifty Soldiers rush in . across the room be a pile : all the treasure the spaniard have accumulate . the Soldiers dig greedily through this rich . corte ' page in all , it be worth 700,000 peso ! cortes say : take what you can . but remember : he go safest at night who travel lightest . the man scarcely hear he ; they be stuff they shirt with heavy gold ingot . across the room , the war council continue : alvarado but cortes want I in the most precarious place , which be the rear . velasquez do leon then I must fight there too . ( to Alvarado ) with due respect : we can not survive another error in judgement ... Alvarado turn toward cortes and smile with defiant charm : alvarado well ? you be the Captain of the captain . cortes lower he eye and say sadly to velasquez de Leon : corte we gratefully accept you offer CUT to : 106 . int . spanish quarter . night . the man pack they bag and prepare for battle . corte ' page two hour to departure . two hour ... Alvarado 's warming up like a boxer : shove the wall , grunt psyching himself up ... gristobal hold hand with two of he wive as two other massage he eet . sandoval test the blade of he sword . velasquez De Leon sit in a corner . cervantes ( the blond buffoon who cortes find long ago sleep on he watch ) walk past - velasquez do leon hey ! you ! cervantes ! cervante Sir ? velasquez do leon I have no one to drink with I . will you - cervante ( big grin ) should not be a problem , sir . velasquez de Leon hand cervantes he bota ( leather winebag ) cervantes hoist it and spray a stream into he mouth . or mostly into he mouth ; he spill some onto he armor ... velasquez do leon the wine be castilian . I have be nursing it the whole trip ... velasquez de Leon retrieve the bota and drink himself . elegantly . lower the bag ... look at cervantes ... velasquez do leon ( cont 'd ) be you in the rear ? cervante tonight 's battle ?! no sir . to be honest , I be something of a coward , and I want to get out of here as quick as I can ! cervantes glance at the wine , hope for another drink velasquez de Leon hand he the bag . 107 . velasquez do leon could you carry this for I ? you will have a better chance of get it through . cervante no problem , sir . no problem at all . and I promise I will not touch another drop . on my honor ! he bow obsequiously , and saunter away with the bota ... velasquez de Leon stare . his face - placid on the surface - be so sad underneath that we can not bear to look at it . we glide to where villafana and he cohort , who complain when narvaez ' man receive gold , be whisper conspiratorially ... diaz ( v.0 . ) on this night , most of we know we could only survive united . but in the whole campaign we never take a step forward without be sabotage from the rear . we be now close enough to overhear villafana ... we will only reach Cuba if cortes die . villafana's cohort you would not strike at he ? villafana shake he head . villafana's cohort ( cont 'd ) even in battle ? villafana especially in battle . but in battle sometimes a man' virtue do he in ... his cohort be puzzle . as villafana lean forward to explain - CUT to : int . corte ' chamber . night . cortes sleep , marina gently rub he head . she stop , look at he . he 's spread out on the bed , shirt open , indian feather scattered around as if have be incorporate in they love-make . something momentous in she stoic face ... 108 . she undoe she huipil and we see she round belly : five month along , but very large ... slowly , solemnly , she tie he shirt - tail to the tail of she huipil . she place he sleep hand over the knot . put she own hand over he . ( from this Aztec ritual come the say : " tie the knot . " ) sandoval knock , stick he head in . sandoval twenty minute to midnight marina nod . while the unwitting " groom " sleep through the " ceremony , " the " bride 's " face stream with tear . CUT to : ext . axayacatl' palace . night . the door swing silently open . diaz ( v.0 . ) this be to be the most famous battle in we campaign . it come to be call " noche triste , " the sad night . two spaniard exit , look around - the Square totally desert . the two Men motion , and 40 more emerge , carry a enormous platform ( the structure we see be construct ) diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we choose the shortest causeway . the bridge have be remove , so we build a mobile one to carry from one section to the next . the platform be follow by foot soldier , cavalry , woman and porter , the tlascalan ally , and finally the rear guard , feature velasquez de Leon and Alvarado . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it be dark . a fine mist obscure and muffle we departure . they enter the dike . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) | by some miracle , or by ineptitude , the aztecs have post no guard . the portable bridge be put in place and they start across it - 109 . the land seem such a short distance away ... cortes stare , hope : can they really escape without a battle ? on the shore : a aztec woman , fetching water from the lake . she see they . stands . whistles . a beat , then answer whistle . and more . like menace bird - the spaniard race across the portable bridge - pirogues ( the mexican canoe ) stream toward they . the white tunic of the aztecs seem eerie , ghostlike . veryone have cross the portable bridge . the porter try to lift it ut_it will not budge . he great huehuetl ( drum ) on top of the templo Mayor sound ( and eep sounding throughout the battle . ) at that instant : aa jom oo irogue arrive ; spaniard be shower with arrow and stone . uddenly , on a rooftop : the majestic cuauhtemoc . motionless . stare . hen he thrust two spear into the air . at this signal : nemy soldier appear everywhere . on land , on the causeway the paniard be head toward . as if the Indians be always there but nly now can be see . shout , whistling , bang drum . onm a he " portable " bridge just will not budge . the porter fall dead under he indian onslaught . oo lord spread among the spaniard : " the bridge will not move . " we pandemonium . panic . Men dive into the water and swim , only to find themselves helpless against the indian club , stone , arrow - cavalry plunge into the water and fare little better . Men who can not swim grab a horse 's tail and try to hitch a ride . a indian climb onto the dike , grab a soldier ; they tumble back into the water . the Spaniard , helpless among so many enemy , be quickly carry away . suddenly we recognize the captive : it be cervantes , the buffoon with the blond beard . cuauhtemoc himself be everywhere : do battle , direct the other cacique , spread the spirit of victory . camera move in on he : handsome , confident , full of fury ; this man be a leader . 110 . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) watch cuauhtemoc , we be overcome by a sense of familiarity : he be moctezuma 's blood . he resemble moctezuma . it be as if moctezuma himself , moctezuma the warrior , have finally come forth to fight we : in the form of cuauhtemoc . hold on cuauhtemoc as this idea , this eerie resemblance , strike we emotion . then the noise of gunfire distract we : two spaniard fire they gun , sink canoe , and leap into the lake . they hold they weapon and gunpowder above water - this posture make swim difficult and defense impossible . they be force to drop they rifle and fight for they life . up ahead : another Spaniard climb out of the lake and try to fire he gun : click . with wet gunpowder , the weapon be useless . the indian that the Spaniard fire at ... capture he . and Young bernal diaz be fight frantically , hopelessly , for he life . he look like a boy try to do a man 's work . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) for the second time , I know I would die . we all know it . I be hardly wrong . Young diaz miraculously escape , for the moment , from three Indians . a few foot away , the giant tzilacatzin pull back he slingshot , and knock a Spaniard off he horse . two spaniard fire crossbow at he - hit he ! he laugh , pull the arrow out of he cloth armor , and dig for another stone . though there be panic among the spaniard , the chief hidalgo - cortes , sandoval , etc . - be keep they composure . some spaniard seem sluggish . when they run , it look like slow - motion . when they hit the water , they sink . either way they die . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont'd that who have load themselves with gold this night fulfil a life - long dream : they die rich . we see villafana . sneaky eye . 111. diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) and even in such extremity , petty plot unfold . villafana be guard marina . but ... be it possible ?... he seem to be , very subtly , guide she away from safety : as we see this , villafana 's cohort grab cortes ' arm and yell something . point at marina . cortes see she . her swollen belly . swollen with he child . without hesitation , he hurtle toward she , into the heart of the indian army . we realize : this be he virtue do he in ! in this moment , through the insane intensity of he rage , we see clearly how much cortes love he indian mistress . and she know it . see it . though she feature , as always , seem impassive , it touch she to see cortes ' passion make manifest . as cortes frees she , they exchange a look . a acknowledgement . then villafana himself , watch cortes , be seize from the rear and drag toward the water . villafana my Captain ! cortes ! cortes see he , jump from he horse ... and be immediately surround by Indians . villafana scurries free as all the mexican concentrate on cortes : they grab he limb , knock he sword to the ground - he yell , writhes , punch , but they be drag he toward the water tzilacatzin grab he . hold he aloft and laugh . be everything lose ? no. cristobal De olid be tear toward cortes . like a tractor steaming through heavy grass , he cut a swath through the enemy . diaz ( v.0 . ) whatever you say of cristobal de olid , in battle he be a veritable hector . it be strange , but I swear I never see another man fight with such bravery . the sight of cristobal - and certain death - force tzilacatzin to drop cortes - cristobal throw cortes a sword . cortes fight as : cristobal and tzilacatzin begin a private battle of will ... 112 . sandoval be also move toward cortes , bring a extra horse . a Aztec jab at cortes ' head . blood burst forth ... sandoval arrive , and cortes lurch up onto the extra horse - villafana , watch from safety , curse in disgust . as cortes mount the horse , he see : his page be carry off in a canoe . the page 's eye fix on he master . corte my page ! sandoval prevent cortes from plunging he horse into the water . enrage , cortes tear he eye off he page and spur he horse into a swarm of Indians , cut they down with savage intensity . he and sandoval be among the last spaniard on this section of the dike . they pass velasquez de Leon and Alvarado , bravely keep the rear and drive they horse into the water . ahead of they : marina and two spaniard have commandeer a canoe and - accompany by dona Ana - be glide to safety . suddenly drum . and fire in the distance . from the main temple . spaniard be lead up the side . with horror we recognize : cervantes in the lead . for a moment the battle cease and everyone on both side watch - in horror or triumph - as the familiar ritual be enact : cervantes be throw onto the sacrificial stone . held down . his chest be cut open . his heart be hold aloft for all to see . his body be throw callously down the side of the pyramid . the spaniard turn from the sight in shock and redouble they effort at escape . now , more than ever , they be motivate by fear but scarcely have the Spanish begin anew , scarcely have cortes and sandoval reach the next segment of causeway , when a new sound come : a pure pierce note ... the Indians raise they arm in triumph ; the Spanish turn and see : cuauhtemoc , blow he conch shell : a tremulous " e " sharp . 113. the Indians renew they attack with a fury close to insanity . cuauhtemoc 's " horn " be apparently a mandate to kill , capture , or die in the attempt . as rorte and sandoval try to ward off the homicidal rage , we swing ack to : Alvarado and velasquez de Leon , protect the rear as the last spaniard enter the water . the two man fight side by side , with vastly different style - velasquez precise and aristocratic , Alvarado a fountain of almost homicidal fury - yet we sense between they teamwork , comradeship , and , at last , mutual respect . see everyone else have go : velasquez do leon after you . alvarado get in the water , you fool ! velasquez do leon grin ) together then . ( glance at Alvarado ) at my signal ? the glance , the camraderie , cost he . as he eye be avert , a stone hit he on the forehead . tzilacatzin raise he arm in triumph - velasquez de Leon fall . Alvarado lean over he - velasquez do leon ( cont 'd ) save yourself ! they be beset by Indians . but Alvarado fight the aztecs off with one arm as he hoist velasquez de Leon onto he back . tzilacatzin keep fire stone which Alvarado somehow deflect with he sword . for a few moment , like some mythological warrior , Alvarado hold twenty man at bay with one arm . but he load be too heavy . he can not continue the swirl motion which protect he wounded comrade . as Alvarado 's movement slow , a indian leap from behind and , aim for Alvarado , hit velasquez de Leon on the back of the head . velasquez de Leon 's leg stiffen ... shudder ... and relax . Alvarado roar with rage . 114 . he drop velasquez de Leon 's body and go on the attack . again he drive the enemy back , but how long can he keep this up ? the water which separate he from the next section of causeway be fill with canoe . impossible to swim it . he turn on he attacker , stabbing one , toss two into the water ... but , totally isolate , he position appear hopeless . he see something . for no reason we can perceive , he launch a diagonal attack , move away from the water ... they we see : a lance lie on the ground . he fight he way to it , pick it up . too long . Indians too close to he . the lance be useless . he utter a blood-chill roar ; and the Indians fall back for a instant . he point the lance toward the water and run ... his speed building , building ... Indians swiping at he as he sprint past ... he reach the water and aim the lance downward , into the wave - like some maritime pole-vaulter , he catapult himself ... out over the water ... over the head of amaze Indians in canoe ... shouting with the glory of he escape ... and landing near the next section of causeway . Indians be all around he , but they be so amaze that they retreat . he gain land . diaz ( v.0 . ) to the aztecs who call Alvarado the sun , in respect for he blaze red hair , this be the most amazing feat in all we time in New Spain . you can still find the spot , in the city of Mexico , where Alvarado make he famous leap . the scene which greet Alvarado on the next dike be terrifying . he 's literally walk on the corpse of he comrade , many of whose body be be sack for gold . other spaniard be still fight , struggle toward the last gap in the bridge . when he himself reach the gap , it too be fill with float Spanish body , indian body ... he slog across this bridge of collapse , dodging stone and arrow ... 115 . and reach the last section of causeway , which connect to land . 200 yard ahead , a small band of spaniard be fight bravely . surround Indians pay Alvarado the courtesy of a few idle sword thrust , but they be primarily occupy in looting . he sprint forward and join the rest of the group : only a few hundred man . they burst through the last resistance and stagger to land . stun , daze , exhaust . in a broad field , cortes collapse under a sycamore tree . he stare blankly . blood stream down he face . Dawn come ... sandoval approach wearily ; the boy become a man . ( note : from this moment forward , sandoval no longer stutter . sandoval the doctor must tend to you head . corte ( ignore this ) what be you reckoning ? sandoval we have lose most of we indian ally and two - third of we own man . corte tell I . all of they . sandoval too many to tell . cortes glare , and sandoval start recite the dead . sandoval ( cont 'd ) Juan velasquez de Leon . Francisco de salcedo . Francisco de morla . lare the good rider . cervantes the buffoon . Ponce the card - player - cortes lower he head . weeping ? sandoval ( cont 'd ) enough ? corte ( shaking he head ) marina ? sandoval safe . cortes nod . 116 . corte and Lopez ? sandoval which one ? corte Martin Lopez , the map-maker and shipbuilder ! sandoval should I find out ? cortes nod . as sandoval start to leave - corte they have my page . ( sandoval stop ) they will sacrifice my page . sandoval ( nod ; long beat ) one of many . he leave . cortes be weep unabash , tear stream down . we be move by this startling image ... until we draw back and see : in the branch over cortes ' head sit a Golden Eagle . CUT to : ext . makeshift spanish camp . the next day . Father olmeda give last rite to a die soldier ... the field be a outdoor hospital . Men lie groan , other tend to wound , cauterize and wrapping they . everyone move with pathetic slowness , as if they be all octogenarian . Young bernal diaz ride into camp , come up to cortes . sandoval also approach to get the news : corte well ? young diaz qhey be make sacrifice to they god . they all know what this mean . corte we must thank the true God they do not attack again . they would meet little resistance . 117 . sandoval open a small leather box . cortes ( eye wide , face glaze with fever ) look on . sandoval from the astrologer . corte botello ? he be ...? sandoval shake he head , and inspect botello 's papers , which be cover with odd marking : sandoval even this little dwarf have he loyalty . " how can I survive here ? " do nothing . " how can the army survive ? " leave tomorrow night . " then if we leave that night , I will die ? " yes . Long beat . cristobal be approach they - corte if we man could read the future , what do moctezuma know ? what do cuauhtemoc know now ? be the issue already decide ? cristobal olid ( interrupt ) what be we do ? must we sit here till the heathen feed we to they - corte no . " a wounded hare do not nap . " we leave at - he stop . stare : a familiar blond beard . cervantes be approach - other spaniard also stare . how can this be ? sandoval cervantes ! we think you be - he stop . he see , as we do : " cervantes " have two right hand . and two leave hand . qor be not cervantes at all . it be a Aztec wear cervantes ' flay skin ! " cervantes " laugh at they expression . 118. they run at he . stab he . he laugh until he die . CUT to : ext . camp night . pitiful sight : the severely wounded and the lame , and the few remain woman , huddle in the middle . that who can not walk sit on , or be tie to , horse . decrepit foot soldier surround this nucleus . a dozen hale rider and horse circumnavigate the whole . campfire be leave burn . diaz ( v.0 . ) | , we depart at midnight , leave we fire burn to fool the enemy . as they begin they march , a soldier tie to a horse have a seizure . he shake terribly , keep shaking , but no one go to he aid . in fact , no one notice . he 's not much worse off than anyone else . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) in we adversity , we be sustained by the knowledge that the great disaster have already befallen we and we have survive . but we be wrong . the great disaster lay ahead . CUT to : ext . tlascala . day . foreground blur : Spanish and tlascalan army re-enter the city . diaz ( v.0 . ) we return to tlascala . rear of the frame , very clear : weep tlascalan woman scan the return army for husband , father , brother , son ... a timeless scene . CUT to : int . tent . day . cortes lie delirious ... 119 . diaz ( v.0 . ) within a day , we think we commander would die . a " surgeon " remove part of a bone from cortes ' bloody skull . corte the ship ! ready the ship ! marina look up at sandoval : marina for hour , the same : " the ship . " sandoval Cuba ? ( bitterly ) | the man will be relieved . xicotencatl the elder be lead into the tent , to cortes ' side . he take cortes ' limp hand and hold it . frown ... cock he head as though listen to something ... and speak . marina respond , and the old man mutter something . marina he say it will be worse when cortes recover . sandoval what will be worse ? marina the slaughter will be complete . sandoval of which side ? she ask the old man . he spread he arm wide : he do not know . CUT to : int . tent . same night . vigil . sandoval watch marina apply compress to cortes ' head . we sense : only the care of this two people be keep cortes alive . softly , after a long beat : marina this ... " love " ... be it something you have , or something you long for ? 120 . sandoval you have it , I long for it . on marina 's hand , hold cortes ' hand : int . tent . day . CUT to : cortes , voice weak and eye over - bright , sit face cristobal . he storm out . ext . tlascalan bernal diaz at tall . weed , corte where go the ox that it do not draw the plow ? we be soldier ! on to victory : cristobal olid two day ago you kiss death , now - corte Martin Lopez will build we ship - cristobal olid and sail to Cuba ! they beat we ! savagely ! decisively ! corte yes . they show we how to win ... cristobal olid ( darkly , a threat ) I swear : if you pursue this course when you brain be clear ... cortes call cheerfully , he fever raging : corte sound the trumpet ! pour the brandy ! in two month I will be Don hernando , Governor of Mexico ! CUT to : STREET . day . 19 be tend a tiny grove of orange tree a foot replanting , etc . diaz ( v.0 . ) some say we bring nothing but death and disease to this New World . it be not so . the orange pip I ppant come up well , and grow well , and to this day all the orange grow in New Spain descend from my tree ... ( beat ( more ) 121 . I do not ppseeant trat this fruit , sweet though they be , be worth the life of a single Christian . cortes , head bandage , walk slowly past diaz . a old man 's gait . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) as cortes recover , he hold to he plan . walk with cortes be Martin Lopez . we overhear they discuss the design of the brigantine ... they reach agreement and Martin Lopez go off , walk past : villafana and he cohort lurking beside a building , prepare to attack cortes - diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) not everyone be pleased . cortes seem weak , helpless , unable to defend himself - but just at the moment when the traitor be about to attack : marina rush up to cortes hold a small infant : marina hernando ! he smile ! cortes nod . marina ( cont 'd ) look , he 's do it again ! to you ! cortes give the child a idle pat . they turn a corner and see dona Ana , moctezuma 's daughter , nursing a second infant ... cortes look at the two woman , two baby ... corte my wife be barren ; now I have two child . if I allow myself to feel this thing , I would be happy . marina you do feel they . corte no. marina I see it . he glare at she silently , then look again toward dona Ana : corte that child be descend from both I and moctezuma ... 122 . another silence as cortes stare at dona Ana 's daughter ... quite impulsively , marina hand cortes she child . to she surprise , he accept it . the infant seize he father 's pinkie , and suddenly , unexpectedly , cortes be overwhelm by feeling of tenderness ... marina see it . for a moment she face be unguard , fill with love and something else : long ? marina they say ... that you will do anything to get what you want . a strange statement in this moment ; what exactly be she ask ? corte of course . and what be he answer ? a odd silence . he hand the child back . corte ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . be he apologize for be who he be ? marina I be not . he look at the child : suddenly distant from he ... corte if I feel this child , I will feel other thing . thing which may cause I to avert my eye in the face of danger or suffer . if I do that , even for a instant , we will all die in Mexico . marina ( casual ) then feel nothing . ( fiercely ) but love he with you secret heart . she turn from he in anger and walk away . CUT to : ext . tlascalan square . day . slow pan of the square : a kind of picnic . spaniard loung around , some dress in indian garb , all eat indian food with great relish . they be become assimilate . 123. diaz ( v.0 . ) we stay in tlascala six month . we see a carpentry shop : several boat under construction . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we build ship we hope would blockade tenochtitlan , and send out small expedition which conquer the aztecs ' ally . the major hidalgo be be pampere by they harem ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we also grow use to indian way . as we complete the pan of the square , we find cortes , fully recover , speak to he man . we do not yet hear he voice . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but pleasure be marry to cowardice . we face a final mutiny in we own midst . corte ( sound fade up : ) ...to that of you who still doubt . you tell we we could never survive we battle here in tlascala , and you be right . you say we could not safely enter tenochtitlan , and then leave tenochtitlan ; again you be right . you say now it be suicide to proceed ; I can not arque . by the law of logic , you have always be right . yet we have survive . I ask you to trust I , and follow I , one last time ... ( long beat ) if you cannot , say it now . cortes look over the crowd : at cristobal ... at villafana ... neither man speak . cortes nod . corte ( cont 'd ) then let we complete we miracle . the crowd cheer . 124 . cortes glance at sandoval , and stalk toward he tent . CUT to : int . corte ' tent . day . cortes look at sandoval and shake he head . corte they plan be set in stone . sandoval nod . corte ( cont 'd ) any detail ? sandoval a package will come , supposedly from Spain . as you open it , they will kill we . corte when ? sandoval one hour . corte be Alvarado with they ? sandoval he love battle too much to desert . corte cristobal ? beat . sandoval I do not know . on cortes ' face : CUT to : ext . corte ' tent . cortes , sandoval , and Alvarado wait . sandoval 's eye move , see : a messenger approach with a package . sandoval grunt . they all rise . as they start to walk , the Messenger intercept they : messenger Captain ! a package have come from Spain . 125 . corte deliver it to my tent . messenger but sire - corte be you deaf ? I will open it after my walk . he stroll through camp , keep a wary eye ... some man call a greeting , other appear guilty . villafana stand in front of he tent pretend not to look at they . he stretch and go inside . corte ( cont 'd ) I would die for any of they . sandoval that be why they hate you . they wander toward villafana 's tent . corte then what ? be I to be less than myself ? he slashes a hole in villafana 's tent and jump : inside villafana and he cohort confer - they blink , stunne - villafana grab something from inside he shirt . parchment . start to swallow it - cortes snatch it as Alvarado and sandoval seize the conspirator . cortes stare at the parchment . turn he back on the other . we , who see he face , know he have read something deeply disturbing . sandoval the name ? cortes nod . responds to the imply question : corte no one of stature . let 's hope the sight of this two scare the other into submission . ( turn to villafana ) have you anything to say before you ie ? 126 . villafana I curse the day I meet you . I curse the day I hear you name . I be put on this sweet earth one time , and I curse the God who make I die because of you mad dream . corte I be only mad if we lose . have you follow I back to - villafana have I follow , I would still have die , but I be glad to have take this course . I have the courage to stand up to hernan cortes . cortes stare at he . villafana stare defiantly back . cortes nod , and Alvarado gag villafana . corte ( tear up the list ) my friend : we need every man . this paper do not exist . CUT to : ext . spanish camp . day . great commotion . the army look on as sandoval and Alvarado prepare to hang villafana and he cohort . cortes watch from a distance . we realize : he 's not watch the hang at all ; he 's watch another tent . cristobal stand in the entrance to that tent cortes approach ... corte a sad thing . cristobal practically jump . look toward villafana and cohort ... cristobal olid what do they do ? corte mutiny they claim they have 50 man , but would not give name . 127 . cristobal olid if they have ? corte I would hang 50 . that 's why I be speak with you . this make cristobal nervous . cortes pause , proceed : corte ( cont 'd ) you have often express a eagerness to return home - cristobal olid but I would never - corte still , other may come to you . other may seek you - cristobal olid if they do , I will tell they no . corte if they do ... kill they . cristobal nod soberly ... corte ( cont 'd ) as_my best soldier , you be the only man I would trust to execute this sentence . cristobal stare at cortes ... cristobal olid I wish ... to God ... I do not love you . this be too much . cortes spin away , to keep cristobal from see he torture face . he glance toward the gallow : the hang be imminent . he sigh . swallow . corte shall we watch ? they walk toward the gallow . in the distance the body fall and shudder spasmodically . CUT to : 128 . ext . tlascala . day . gorgeous day . cortes review he troops : healthy , eager , well - equip . we attention go to splendor and spectacle : the size of the force , they indian shield , etc . background information : diaz ( v.0 . ) while we rest in tlascala , we force increase . we seize two ship send by velasquez , and two from Jamaica . everyone join we army . line after line , row after row ; this army have size ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) | there be also a ship from Spain bear a emissary of the Crown . reveal from the rear : the royal emissary : beautiful robe and a bald spot . his head appear to be bury in a woman 's chest . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he be a syphilitic old man who would not eat anything except breast milk from a woman from castile . we now see very plainly : the old geezer be nursing . his face content , he jaw pump away like a newborn ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we think he perfectly represent the bureaucracy . cortes reach the front of the Spanish force . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we have 900 spaniard , twice we original force . farther down the hill : a endless horde of Indians . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) through conquest , we have gain 200,000 indian ally . the aztecs have no more . cortes signal , and the army begin to march . a grand spectacle ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) if this be merely a story , it would end here , and we victory would seem assure . but this be truth . ( more ) 129 . ina feww hsfeonsnpd , we ally would desert we , we number would dwindle to less than 700 , and we would contemplate we doom . CUT to : ext . high mountain trail . day . the army continue its march with the same confidence and style . as they crest a hill , we move to the front , where we see cortes and the other hidalgos look down on the city of tenochtitlan . the city be white . the lake be white . everything that lie before we : white . shimmer in the wind ... like snow , or flower . a magical image . the hidalgos exchange a look : what be it ? a conch - shell trumpet blow , and the whole valley move : White cloak be lower , and we realize : this be the mexican army , spread out over the valley , the causeway , the water . in contrast to the aztecs , the spaniard look unspeakably literal . like a army of solid man about to do battle with spirit ... cortes gesture and ever-so- slowly he force begin to descend . CUT to : ext . corte ' camp . night . the army encampe . the lake be mysterious , cover with wisp of og ... cortes stare out ; marina , cristobal , and sandoval at he side . cristobal the assault be impossible . cortes nod . all the man 's face tell we they be now several month into the battle . cristobal ( cont 'd ) we cut off they fresh water ; they fight on . one of the brigantine Martin lope be building slip into the lake . cortes hardly seem to notice . cristobal ( cont 'd ) we ship control they lake disrupt they food supplies ; they fight on . 130 . cortes and marina be peer across the water at the magical city of tenochtitlan , its tower glow in the moonlight cristobal ( cont 'd ) Day after day , we soldier break into they city and kill they by the hundred , thousand , ten thousand ; they fight with undiminished rage . corte ( nod sadly ) we will not win this war by defeat they army . beat . sandoval then how ...? corte ( softly , stare at the city ) it be so beautif CUT to : ext . tenochtitlan . street . day . smoke beam and cinder . gut house : charcoal . we sweep down the street , house with flame still flicker . sound up : scream spaniard . spaniard with torch set every house ablaze . Fire as hell . Fire as fury , revenge , all the Spanish frustration come out with sadistic glee .. flying camera , chaotic image ; swirl flash of blood , wood smoke . out of control in some horrible / satisfy way . rack focus through the flame out onto : the lake . day . house on stilt , blaze all across the water . Alvarado run out of a burn house , carry booty . his brig sail to the next building . pass the float garden once bloom and beautiful , now dry as dust . roof of a nearby house : two Aztec woman and a very old man look on , fear and confusion on they face . diaz ( v.0 . ) to the aztecs , war be a ritual activity , a religious rite whose object be to obtain captive for sacrifice . they do not understand why we burn they house . to they it be stupid and mean ; it show we be heathen , devil of destruction whose purpose be beyond understanding . 131 . Alvarado and he man jump off the brig and climb the step of the adjacent dwelling . gun draw , they enter : int . aztec house . day . two gaunt woman and three child curl in a corner , terrify . they body be emaciate . while he man search for valuable , Alvarado try to shoo the occupant out the door alvarado move , you idiot ! go! now ! get out ! he stare at they in disgust . alvarado ( cont 'd ) Light it up , they will go . his man torch the far corner . outside house Alvarado and he man run down the step , watch the fire build . a ramshackle canoe wait at the bottom of the step . the corner of the house which be torch be now blaze . that inside will have to leave soon . they do not . within moment , the entire house be ablaze . there be never any movement to escape . CUT to : int . corte ' tent . night . he and marina be eat they dinner . just like a marry couple . only cortes have no appetite . finally he put down he fork look at she . she stare back . completely accept , wait ... marina tell I . corte it be my great hope to preserve this city for the world to marvel . b ( beat ) ( more ) 132 . who be i90 rae ( fonrtdao I have to make such decision ? rina you don 's t make they , no one wal if you do not make they , we will all die . corte perhaps that would be better . he stare at she a long time ... corte ( cont 'd ) in all of this , you be the one thing which have no bitterness . the tenderest look between they ... CUT to : ext . causeway . day . cortes , eye gleam , exhort he man across a break in the causeway . we sense for the first time : incipient triumph . diaz ( v.0 . ) the next day we army , fight on three separate causeway , press to the heart of the city . cross the channel , the spaniard rage on , cortes in the lead . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) once across the channel , we do not fill they in . we smell victory , and give no think to retreat . ext . tenochtitlan . street . day . on cortes ' face , as he ride . in he excitement , we sense he ego , he drive : something intensely charismatic and very ugly . around cortes , we feel he army : other horseman at he side , footmen run behind ... aztecs scream , retreate ... we stay on he face . the triumph of the will . the masculine , almost sexual thrill of conquer . and then he turn a corner and he feature change . suddenly blank . stare at : impale on stake : head of previously capture spaniard - the giant tzilacatzin , laugh - 133 . mock whistle from all direction - cortes and the other soldier , disorient - " E " sharp . on a rooftop : cuauhtemoc blow he bugle - aztecs manifest , everywhere . instantaneous assault - spaniard overwhelm , pull from they horse - total chaos - the Indians surging forward like a huge wave , break over the spaniard - for a instant all we can see be the cloak of the aztecs . be it over ? so quickly ? cortes surface . then two more spaniard . twenty yard away , we also spot : Alvarado - but fight be almost impossible . the enemy be too thick . one Spaniard after another be drag away - cortes bleed , fight , three Indians on he back shouting " malinche ! malinche ! " - Alvarado make he way to cortes ' side . the two seem alone now , no other spaniard in sight ; both man wounded , bleed profusely - alvarado i_ ask forgiveness for all the blunderheaded thing I have do . corte nonsense . , alvarado ; . it be all a man could want , in this life , to have fight here with you . corte no . alvarado no what ? corte you word be sweet but ill-time . this be not the end . alvarado ( grin with admiration ) then let 's get out of here ! cortes leap onto the back of a indian , quickly look around , and duck as another indian fly over he head , try to grab he . come down again and point : 134 . corte the horse . now that the two man have a purpose , they fight with redouble energy . Indians be drape over they back , hack away at they , draw blood ... but the man continue toward the horse , which be too pen in to move out of the way . from a distance we see they gain they horse and ride away , gradually make they way back to the break in the causeway , where a ew spaniard be still fight . but the causeway be not fill in and the spaniard be trap . the water be fill with canoe . spaniard be be seize , pull into boat , carry away - ; diaz ( v.0 . ) this be the victory the Aztec god have promise . this be the disaster we have fear for two interminable year . as the massacre continue , we : CUT to : ext . lakeside . sandoval' camp . late afternoon . Post battle . wound man all over . sandoval peer into the distance ... a indian translator at he side say : translator they say they have win victory on all three causeway . out in a canoe , Indians hold up three Spanish head . impossible , from this distance , to discern they feature . translator ( cont 'd ) this be the head of cortes Alvarado , cristobal . sandoval nod slowly . sandoval so it would seem . ( call ) page ! page ! bring my horse ! his page come run with the large chestnut - CUT to : ext . mexican territory . dusk . sandoval riding low and fast , without armor ... mexican try to hit he with arrow , stone ; he 's too fast . 135 . from he intense expression , we realize : he mission be personal . CUT to : ext . corte ' camp . dusk . sandoval ride in . dismount and enter : corte ' tent cortes weak and dishearten . leg bandage , both arm , he chest ... for the first time , we see age on he face ... it 's as if this last escape have sap he of he strength and spirit . sandoval they say you be dead . cortes nod as if it be true . corte my sin be the cause of this . I press too hard , too fast , we do not fill the channel - sandoval still . we have survive this day too . corte why ? sandoval look at he in consternation and shock corte ( cont 'd ) why have we survive ? marina his spirit be low . corte I be be honest ! ( bitter ) I tell they to fill the channel , but they " forget ! " for the first time , he be blame someone else . sandoval then ... be it you fault or theirs ? corte ( pause ) mine . all mine . and now ... have you hear about we indian ally ? ( off sandoval 's look ) they desert we in the morning . 136 . sandoval why ? corte shrug ) ask they . a terrible bang of drum . the great huehetl atop the pyramid . cortes and sandoval exchange a glance . louder drum . regular beat . in apprehension , they leave the tent . ext . tent . night . they come out , look into the distance . a few mile away , so close you can almost touch it with you hand : a parade march up the side of the main cue : brightly light by torch . in the center : 30 naked spaniard . corte be I next ? or you ? not say with fear or fatalism ; almost with relief . sandoval you can not say such thing ! if you despair , we will all - corte we have what , 700 wounded man ? moctezuma be right : there isa destiny , and we will meet ours whether I despair or not . he stare at the temple . the train have reach the top ; something strange be happen . feather be put on the head of the Spanish captive . they be naked , force to dance grotesquely , with fan ... it 's like some bizarre homosexual game ... only this one end in death ... sandoval I can not watch . corte ( with disdain ) then avert you eye . the first Spaniard be tie to the sacrificial stone . his mouth contort in scream ; we hear nothing . 137 . in camp : other soldier watch , try to swallow they fear . on the pyramid : the first Spaniard 's heart be hold aloft ... canoe glide past the camp and aztecs shout tauntingly ... marina react , glance anxiously at cortes , then at the ground . finally , quietly : marina this be what scare we indian ally . ( hesitates ; she be worried ) the say . they god proclaim we will all die within eight day . cortes stare at she . blink . look at the canoe . back at marina . at sandoval . a touch of fire return to he eye . mix with irony : it be not until he give up that he win . when he speak , it be to himself : corte the war be over . sandoval never say it ! if I have learn one thing from you - corte ( quietly ) for eight day we must keep to we camp . simply maintain the blockade . sandoval be pleased to glimpse the return , however mute , of cortes the leader . sandoval and then ? corte we will still be here . they prophecy , they law , will be prove false . they body will be weak from hunger , thirst . they will peer into the abyss and contemplate they own defeat . sandoval no attack ? 138 . corte no . Wars be win in the mind , not in the field . sandoval and for we few who have strength ? corte tf you have energy to burn ... use CUT to : int . aviary . day . no people . bird move around , chirp . we notice the thick lattice of stick which keep they in . slowly , with a kind of horror , we realize what we be about to see . glow of a flame nearby , off -screen . gradually it move into frame . torch . bird begin to flutter nervously , twitter in discordant song . the torch move down , out of frame again . light the lattice . a young soldier do it . stands back to watch . no guilt . bird start to scream - flame catch fast , spread ... bird whirling frantically , beak distort - some fly directly into the flame and incinerate . other crash into each other and plunge into the fire - the hum / flap sound of many wing ... as the blaze spread , a piece of the latticework crash down ... make a hole in the ceiling through which a few bird fly free . at the top , the golden eagle caw loudly . flame spiral upward , toward it - the Golden Eagle squeeze through a hole in the latticework . be the hole always there ? could the bird have leave at any time ? it soar into the sky , squawk its protest . below it , the other bird have become fly incinerator , set they fellow ablaze . 139 . we watch helplessly . the destruction of civilization . the senseless incineration of something unspeakably beautiful ... CUT to : ext . lake shore . night . cortes , much recover , watch as he soldier slaughter aztecs of all sex in the big . the enemy still have the will , but not the strength , to fight back . Far in the distance , the whole city burn . corte ( in genuine anguish ) why do they fight on ? we begge they to surrender , be refuse , and we kill ten thousand in a day . we begge again , refuse again , and we ally kill forty thousand . how many warrior can they have leave ? cristobal a few hundred . corte so why do not they surrender ? cristobal shrug . beat . marina I know why . beat ) I hear they say . ( beat ) they think ... that you be coward . silence . bewilderment as cortes try , without success , to process this think . marina continue : marina ( cont 'd ) to they , war be hand - to-hand combat , design to reveal the will of the god . they think it be cowardly to kill from a distance , with gun and crossbow , cowardly to retreat if you be lose a battle , cowardly and immoral to win a war by starve the enemy . corte and this be why - marina would you concede to coward , to heathen who gain victory by vicious and unfair mean ? 140 . cortes look again at the slaughter of aztecs only a hundred yard away . he see it now , if only for a instant , in a different way . CUT to : ext . moctezuma's palace . day . cortes lead he army into the desert main square . stop he horse , look around . sense something ... something odd . the square feel spooky . magical .. haunted ... cortes feel it ... and ignore it . spur he horse on . CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . rooftop . day . cortes peer through he telescope , into the distance : only one small sector of the city remain stand . Father olmeda be at cortes ' side . silence . corte no one will believe I love the Aztec . there be no courage , anywhere in the world , that will compare . father olmeda that be easy to say , since you have win . corte what do you say , Father ? father olmeda what you accomplish here defy human understanding . countless time we be doom , yet here we stand . as strong as you be , as full of guile and courage , you would never have achieve this have it not be the will of God . he will it , so it be . you be merely he instrument . beat . , corte praise be his name . father olmeda God 's name ? ... or yours ? 141 . cortes flash he a angry look . then lift he spyglass and look out over the water , where a brigantine be chase three piroque . diaz ( v.0 . ) after a 93 day siege , the war end . CUT to : ext . lake . day . sandoval in the brigantine , chase the swift and brightly color pirogue . as the brigantine draw close , sandoval fire a shot in the air . two beat . then cuauhtemoc , in the center canoe , stand . Long stunne silence . just this one man stand , and the knowledge in all who witness of what it mean ... and the drum which have be beat for 93 day , for 20 minute of film , suddenly stop . it be suddenly , frighteningly , quiet . cuauhtemoc i_am cuauhtemoc . lead I to malinche let no harm come to my wife and friend . CUT to : int . moctezuma's palace . day . cortes sit on moctezuma 's mat as cuauhtemoc be lead in . the Royal emissary be at cortes ' side . his wet nurse hover a few foot behind . cortes rise and touch the ground , then he chest , then he head : " my heart and my mind welcome you . " cuauhtemoc , look very much like moctezuma , bow in reply . cuauhtemoc i_have do all I could to defend my city . as the victor , you have sacrifice my people to yur God . ( kneel , indicate cortes ' sword , and lower he head ) i_beg you : rid I of my life . corte please . you be still the Emperor and will be treat with honor . ( more ) 142 . a spaniaf@rtespeons ' palor even in a enemy . and this be you wife ? behind cuauhtemoc we see cuauhtemoc's wife , a girl of 16 , cuauhtemoc nod . cortes rise and kiss she hand . corte ( cont 'd ) the youngest daughter of the great moctezuma . I love you father and know you sister well . but you be even more beautiful ... marina translate . cuauhtemoc 's wife blushes . corte ( cont 'd ) I will take good care of you , as I promise you father . Little ambiguity as to what this mean . cortes turn back to cuauhtemoc : corte ( cont 'd ) great speaker , there be one thing I must ask : where be the gold ? the rich ? we have searched you city ... as marina translate , cuauhtemoc shake he head . cuauhtemoc i_do not know . some say it be throw into the lake . his eye be clear . telling the truth . cortes nod , seem to accept this , but a grunt come from behind he . the Royal emissary gesture . cortes ' jaw tighten and he nod . apparently they have have some previous discussion . cortes motion for sandoval to go to the emissary : royal emissary tell the Soldiers to burn cuauhtemoc 's foot . burn they till he remember . sandoval , he face flicker with anger , return to cortes . sandoval be this you order too ? cortes glance with barely conceal contempt at the emissary . 143 . sandoval ( cont 'd ) then prevent it . corte this be no longer war . we must bow we head to the king or he will cut they off . sandoval but what of courage ? corte useless . sandoval honor ? corte we can conquer the world , but we cannot save this man from torture . sandoval stare at cortes . sandoval I will not order it . cortes ' jaw tighten . he turn , whisper to a nearby soldier . the soldier go off to prepare the torture . sandoval be still stare , contemptuously , at cortes . cuauhtemoc malinche , if I be still Chief of the aztecs , I must ask one thing : that_my people be allow to leave this city in safety , for here only starvation and pestilence remain . corte ( nod ; tell he man : ) peaceful evacuation may begin immediately . ( to cuauhtemoc ) go. go now and rest . cuauhtemoc nod and bow . the soldier who be to arrange the foot-burn lead cuauhtemoc away . cuauhtemoc 's wife start to follow - corte ( cont 'd ) sadly , the rule of war dictate that man , who be prisoner , must be keep apart from they family . cuauhtemoc 's wife be lead in a different direction . marina watch this . 144 , cortes look at she , at sandoval . to sandoval : corte ( cont 'd ) what be it ? sandoval nothing . corte ( to marina , be : cuauhtemoc 's wife ) be she my first mistress ? ( to sandoval ) be this the first time we burn someone ? beat . marina sire ? do you need I now ? for translation ? he stare at she . be there some disrespect in she attitude or be he imagine it ? corte no . but stay . you of all people deserve some reward for this amazing conquest . ( beat ) would you like to be a honest woman ? marina I have always be so , sire . certainly with you . corte yes , but you deserve to be marry . marina I know I be already . her look say : to you . he look at she for a long moment . we feel he impulse to embrace she , to follow through on he love , he passion . and she eye say she be ready ... though of course , as a indian , she will accept anything . finally he look away from she - corte sandoval . do not you think marina deserve a proper Christian ceremony ? 145 . sandoval ( pleased , touch ) yes , Captain . corte but who should be the groom ? the cold question move like ice through sandoval 's heart . sandoval the one who love she . corte must that " one " marry she ? sandoval it would be a act worthy of cortes . to say across this land that Spaniard and indian be now join . again , for a instant , cortes himself be catch by this impulse . but once again it turn . corte how sweet . how simple . cortes glance at the Royal emissary . sandoval blink , realize ... sandoval what ? you ...? you mean if you wed a " savage , " it might impede you chance for nobility ? corte it would . but surely I be not the only candidate . there must be other who desire this lovely squaw . ( look around the room , then back at sandoval ) perhaps even you would ...? ( before sandoval can answer ) no . of course not , I be sorry ... we know sandoval would marry she , do love she , but cortes do not really want to risk lose she affection by propose such a match . he quickly : move away from sandoval , go down the line of Spanish soldier ... and stop in front of don jaramillo , a man remarkable only for he total absence of remarkable quality . corte ( cont 'd ) pardon I , Captain , you be Don ... ( barely remember name ) jaramillo , be you not ? 146 . jaramillo yes , sire . corte would you take this lovely woman for you bride ? jaramillo 's paralyze . be this a trick ? be cortes seek a pretext for a behead ? jaramillo well , I would not presume to - corte I be ask you to marry she ! do you accept ?! jaramillo yes , sir . of course , sir . I would be honore to sleep with - to marry - you ( mistress ) . I mean to say - corte and you , marina , would you take this man for a husband ? she stare at cortes . wound . sorry for he . and yet know , understanding ... everything . marina it would be a great great honor ... to be a Spanish noblewoman . corte Father olmeda . please take this couple to some distant room and perform the holy sacrament . olmeda bow , offended but obedient , and start away . jaramillo follow . marina do not move . they look at each other . a exquisitely painful moment . cortes be do what - by the ethic of he time - be the very best and noblest thing he could do . but it be still offensive to he own heart , and to marina 's , and to ours . corte ( cont 'd ) do not forget ... in you marital bliss ... that you be still on call , day and night , to perform translation . marina I be , as always , at you service . 147 . she_bow deeply . . sand back away , eye on he ... finally she turn to follow she husband . cortes turn he back on she ... and on the entire company . go to a window . tear in he eye ... sandoval follow . sandoval sir. cortes will not look at he . but somehow , when he finally do , he eye be dry . corte yes , my son . sandoval . w-w - what be happen ? sandoval 's nervousness have bring back he stutter . corte to I ? have not you hear ? I be a God , I can do anything . sandoval stare at he in consternation , rage , despair ... sandoval I always say I would f-follow you even to my death ... and I have fight with you many time at its brink ... but I can no longer ... f-f fight the stutter ) follow you at all . cortes nod . Long beat . corte and I no longer need you . that be the hard truth . ( long beat ) now I stand alone . sandoval withdraw . cortes stare out the window . as he do , we realize that a horn be blow outside , and we see | that cortes ' order , request by cuauhtemoc , be already be carry out . the aztecs be leave the city . Old man , woman , child . skeletal : hollow eye , shrivel limb . look like survivor of Hiroshima . 148. cortes watch they go . diaz ( v.0 . ) it be two year before cortes be proclaim Governor of New Spain . the job quickly bored he . cortes turn from the window and lower he eye . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) he set off again and again to conquer new land , to repeat he glory , but he never do anything comparable . ( beat ) neither do anyone else . cortes turn back to face the room . marina be go . sandoval be go . everyone else be wait on he ... he see that they would wait forever . literally . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) people ask : be he a great man ? undoubtedly . a good man ? no . a good man never would have achieve this thing . with a air of command that be unassailable , cortes shout : corte raise the purple pendant of castile ! CUT to : ext . palace . day . the purple castilian flag flap in the breeze above the city . below it : the Aztec exodus . Broken body , vessel for break spirit . tzilacatzin : still alive but somehow no longer a giant . his eye be deep and black , shoulder stoop ; the skin hang off he body as if he be a old man . but the face of the child be what be impossible to watch : so young yet void , without soul . 149 . follow we impulse to avert we eye , we look away , up into the sky : Far overhead , a Golden Eagle be fly . Flying away . not in the same direction the people be go . no. somewhere else . into hide ... or seclusion ... or extinction . CUT to : ext . orange grove . day . Children ( white , indian , mestizo , and mulatto ) be play happily in a_grove of orange tree laden with fruit . nearby , bernal diaz as a old man sit at a wooden table write with a quill . diaz ( v.0 . ) Three year later , cortes order cuauhtemoc hang , on dubious charge of treason . he pause , look out at the orange tree , resume . diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) Aztec civilization be destroy . they spirit break , they god discredite , the people die out . if you travel here to Mexico , only a few statue and piece of jewelry remain . the orange tree be shimmer in the wind ... diaz ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) today , the third of April , 1576 , I look back and my heart be fill wit pride at what we accomplish . eat but my eye be fill with tear . fade out ... 150 . production note : the battle on page 16 - 7 , 42 - 3 , and 45 - 6 be design to be all shot at the same location , use the same extras . ideally , the location would be carefully choose so that three different wide - shot , face three different direction , can suggest different place . 151 . the author gratefully acknowledge he debt to the conquest. of New Spain by bernal diaz , first publish in 1577 , and the monumental History of the Conquest of Mexico , by William E. Prescott , first publish in 1843 .