sugar written by Anna boden &amp ; Ryan fleck 1 ext . academy field - dominican republic - day a high angle look out over a well - manicure baseball field carve out of a tropical jungle . a game be currently in progress . A1 on the field wearing kansas CITY knight uniform , mostly Black and dark - skinned dominican as well as several lighter - skinned venezuelan ( 17 - 22 year old ) be set in they position , poise for the next pitch . close on the pitcher , miguel santos ( aka azúcar / sugar - 19 , lean , Black and handsome ) . sweat drip down he face in the oppressive midday heat . he steady he glove and ball at he chest , peek over at the runner on first base . miguel lift he leg high into the air , rear back he right arm , and fire the ball toward the plate . thud ! a cloud of dust pop off the catcher be mitt as the ball slam inside . umpire Strike three ! the batter lower he head , helpless in the face of miguel 's overpower fastball . from the dugout , miguel 's teammate cheer he on . head coach reye ( dark-skinn , 30 ) nod approvingly , clap . behind the homeplate backstop , a dozen rookie player also in Kansas City uniform cheer for they team . two young player clocking miguel 's pitch look at each other ' radar gun , which read 92 and 93 mph . as the next batter step up to the plate , miguel 's catcher , jose ( 18 ) , tap he index finger on he thigh , call for a outside fastball . the next pitch be pop up on the infield between first and home . miguel locate the ball , point to the sky , but Jose and first baseman , pedro berroa , nearly collide , as the ball land between they and the runner reach base safely . b1 from the observation tower , the academy director , leandro b1 alvarez ( light-skinn , late 5as ) and several other coach and scout jot down note on they clipboard . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 2. c1 on the field , miguel glare at pedro , who avert he eye , and c1 kick the dirt . miguel look in for the sign from Jose , nod , and deliver a tight fastball that send the batter stumbling backwards to the dirt . some player laugh and heckle the batter . other point angry finger at miguel , who greet the batter back to the plate with a friendly , but authoritative , grin . he send in the next pitch and the batter swing right through it , get nothing but air . 2 int . academy dine room - night 2 the team ( about 35 young man ) gather around several table for they standard baked chicken and rice lunch . the mood be friendly and playful as player tease each other across the table . miguel , sit with he friend marcos ( 2nd base ) and alfonso ( 3rd base ) , work on a second help of dessert . marcos check out sugar ... put on twenty pound in two month ; now he 's go for twenty more . miguel ( mouth full of food ) all muscle , baby . rock solid . for some new player , distinguishable in the sea of blue uniform by they black " tryout " jersey and rag sneaker , it be they first healthy meal , and they eat as if it be they last . one of they , salvador ( Black , scrawny , 17 ) hold he plate up to he mouth , shovel food down he throat . pedro slow down , kid , it be not go nowhere . a few of the guy laugh . miguel ( to pedro ) if you hustle half as much as he , maybe you would be hungry too . the other guy " ohhhh " miguel 's insult , as salvador and miguel exchange subtle grin . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 3. 3 int . academy classroom - same day 3 kid crowd around in a circle , repeat after the animated English instructor , señor sanchez , who go over some English baseball term in the center . as he repeat the term , he enthusiastically pantomime the meaning of each . sanchez fly ball . CLASS fly ball . sanchez line drive . CLASS line drive . sanchez Ground ball . CLASS Ground ball . sanchez Home run ! CLASS hone rone ! close on miguel , repeat the strange word . 4 int . recreation room - same night 4 it 's dark , and most of the team sit around a old tv set watch the climactic final scene of field of dream dub in Spanish . Kevin costner ask he father to play catch in a voice that sound nothing like Kevin costner . miguel pass through the room , and we follow he out of the rec room down a hall , and into ... 5 the weight room 5 ... where he sit down at the bench press , lower he head in think . track in close as he cross himself , mouth a prayer , then lean back onto the bench . track out as he lift the bar , and begin a set of press . fade out . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 4. 6 ext . academy field - day 6 the Kansas City director of minor League Operations , rudy hubbard ( white , 40s ) , watch a tryout session , where two skinny teens in wear street clothes pitch to uniform catcher . they agent talk on a cell phone nearby . alvarez , the academy director , approach one of the kid , whisper in he ear . the kid smile tentatively . alvarez join rudy and they speak in English . rudy what would you tell he ? alvarez I tell he to grip the ball more gently . like a tit . they both crack up . from the tryout mound . the kid look over to the two man pow - wow about he . he breathes in , nervous ... 7 batting cage - minute later 7 pedro , sweat hard , take a few cut , but only seem to be hit weak ground ball and foul tip . alvarez pedro berroa . third year . have not develop like we hope . rudy how much he sign for ? alvarez forty -five . rudy Jesus . this kid keep get more expensive . how much do you sign for back in the day ? alvarez 3000 . when I be fifteen . rudy smile and move on . alvarez follow . pedro watch the man as they walk away . 8 bull pen mound - minute later 8 alvarez and rudy approach a pitching coach instruct salvador . miguel warm up next to he . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 5 . alvarez salvador torres . be practice with the team for almost a week . still raw , but he 's get a lot of potential . rudy we gonna sign he ? alvarez soon . soon . we want to play it low - key , see what he agent say . rudy how much you think ? alvarez they have get two offer from other club . agent say they be around a hundred . rudy raise he eyebrow . alvarez ( firm ) he 's good . rudy look over to miguel . rudy what about he ? alvarez miguel Santos . great arm . we sign he two year ago for fifteen . miguel fire in a pitch . rudy nod , impressed . rudy good deal . he throw any junk ? alvarez ( in Spanish ) sugar ! miguel look over , see the american with alvarez . alvarez show we you curve . miguel nod , nervous , focus . he pitch . the ball curve very subtly over the plate for a strike . rudy not bad . mind if I try something ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 6. miguel look back to the man . rudy hey , kid , do you mind ? May I ? miguel stare blankly at rudy , not understanding . alvarez ( in Spanish ) give he the ball . miguel hand rudy the ball , and rudy demonstrate how to handle a knuckle curve ball , which look strangely unorthodox , with the index finger tuck against the baseball . rudy spike curve . give you more rotation , more movement . ( hand miguel the ball ) you try . miguel struggle to emulate rudy 's grip , so rudy maneuver he finger into the correct position . alvarez laugh . alvarez vamo ! let 's go ! pitch it ! miguel look over to he catcher , Jose . wind up the next pitch , and soar it 5 foot wide of the mark . rudy and alvarez laugh . miguel look back over he shoulder . rudy it 's okay , son , this thing take time . you will figure it out . rudy pat miguel on the back and walk off with alvarez . miguel stare at they hard as they go . he turn back to he catcher , determine , squeeze the ball in spike curve formation . deliver . miss badly again . jump cut take we through a half - dozen more bad curve attempt , as other player take notice and gather around , some laugh , until ... ... finally a perfect curve twist dramatically through the air , landing center in Jose 's mitt . the other player erupt in amazement , while miguel stare straight ahead . after a beat , he smile wide . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 7. 9 int . academy classroom - day 9 sr. sanchez stand in front of a chalkboard , read off line of a script english dialogue for the class to repeat . the class ' version of the word be jumble and incomprehensible . sanchez I want to talk to you . CLASS I want talk to you . sanchez you performance in the mound be not as good as last year . what be the problem ? CLASS you performance in the mound be not good as last year . what be problem ? sanchez I do not know . maybe my mechanic . CLASS I do not know . maybe mechanic . sanchez I want to give you a chance . it be up to you ... close on miguel focus on the baseball in he hand . he practice he knuckle curve grip , not participate in the lesson . CLASS I want to give you a chance . be up to you ... 10 ext . baseball academy - morning 10 miguel walk down a dirt road with he duffel bag . he exit past the gate , wave goodbye to the security guard . a10 Beyond the manicure lawn and landscape garden of the a10 Academy , miguel pass through the overgrown , undevelop land where neighborhood child play among graze goat . he continue down the dirt road towards a paved highway in the distance , as bachata music fuel the sound track , and carry over the follow ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 8. 11 int . moving bus - day 11 thick stalk of sugarcane race through the frame . close on miguel stare out the bus window . on he way home , he pass ... a11 -- half -clothed child fly a homemade kite . a11 b11 -- a truck of bananas barrel by with a boy perch on top . b11 c11 -- a old man sit by the street , look straight at miguel . c11 d11 -- flame sugarcane alongside the road . d11 e11 -- three child wedge between they parent on a motorbike . e11 f11 -- the tall , wheeze smokestack of the cristobal colon sugar f11 refinery . 12 ext . STREET - san pedro do macoris - day 12 miguel hop off the bus with he duffel , climb the pedestrian walkway pass over dozen of rusty railroad car use for transport sugarcane to the refinery . we pan miguel across the bridge , revealing burn smokestack in the distance . 13 ext . side STREET - minute later 13 modest home line the neighborhood , fashioned from corrugate tin , paint in bold color , no two house alike . a skinny pig roam a barren lot . a group of women with they hair in curler sit on crate around a domino table . they wave they hellos to miguel , who smile back . local kide play stickball in a trash - strewn clear with makeshift mitt fashioned from old milk carton or cardboard . they see miguel and rush toward he as he pace up the block , shout he name . as miguel approach home , he make eye contact with a girl , erica ( 15 ) , buy water from a delivery truck . she smile . with the kid still clamoring around miguel , he stop , unzip he duffel and hand out some use baseball . the kid grab the ball , then run off to play . miguel approach erica . she put down she water bucket , give miguel a hug . miguel how be you , sis ? erica any news about the States ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 9. miguel be that all you have to say ? miguel help erica with the water bucket and walk with she towards they home - a small wooden construction with peel paint and a rusted aluminum roof . on the lot next to they house , the cinder - block frame of they future home dwarf the other on the block . 14 int . miguel be home - night 14 miguel and erica enter the house , where they brother luis ( 7 ) watch a enormous television , which feel incongruous in the middle of the tiny , dilapidate home . the reception be still crappy , though . miguel 's grandmother , abuela , sit upright on she mattress in the corner of the room . miguel hello , abuela . you be look beautiful . she smile big at she oldest grandson , open she arm for a hug . erica sit at the kitchen table , where she schoolbook lay open . miguel what 's up my people ? how 's the tv ? luis erica will not let I watch baseball . erica not during american idol , anyway . miguel 's mother , carmen ( late 30 ) emerge from behind a hang bed sheet , which act as a " wall " separate two room . carmen buenas , miguelito ! do you have any good news for you mother ? miguel as a matter of fact , yes . carmen you be go to the United States ?! miguel not yet , mar ... but I learn how to throw a knuckle curve . carmen a knuckle curve ? what 's that ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 10 . a group of kide gather at the window . kide sugar , come out and play ! 15 ext . STREET - night 15 gather under the only function street lamp , miguel rear back and throw in a swoop curve , that cause the batter to flinch out of the way , as it break perfectly over the plate . carmen , Luis and the rest of the barrio onlooker , " oooohh " , the impressive curve . miguel notice a group of girl eyeing he from across the street . his eye stop on one , sofia ( 17 ) . they exchange grin . 16 int . miguel be home - night 16 miguel 's family - minus miguel - watch a soap opera . carmen and erica be in dialogue with the tv . the camera pan away from the family , out the back window , where the new home be be construct . we zoom in on the structure cover in plastic tarp . 17 int . construction lot 17 amidst tool , dry cement , a half - finish wooden dining table , and other assort construction material , miguel have sex with sofia on a work table . 18 int . construction lot - later 18 miguel throw on he t-shirt . sofia look at the wooden dining table . it 's artfully do , with detail etched into the leg . sofia when will you finish this ? miguel soon . it 's just hard to find the time . sofia it 's pretty . miguel I be try to match the chair my dad make , but I can not get it right . sofia well , I think it 's perfect . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 11 . miguel I will make you another when I be do . sofia smile , kiss miguel on the cheek . sofia and the rest of the house ? how long till it 's do ? miguel hesitates . miguel um , another month , maybe two ... you know we just do it where abuela 's room be go to be ... sofia ( laugh ) do not tell I that ! miguel why not ? we can do it in mom 's kitchen next . right over there . sofia ( get serious ) I hope you make it to the States this year . miguel you hope ? c'mon , there 's nobody better , baby . sofia ( smile big ) okay , how about : I know you will make it . miguel now you be talkin' . and when I do , I will buy a cadillac , drive it through the ocean , and bring you back with I . sofia you can not drive a cadillac on water . miguel yes ! in the States they make car that drive on water . sofia you be crazy . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 12. miguel you will see who 's crazy . just watch . sofia I want to see the snow . do it snow in Kansas City ? miguel I do not know . but I will take you to New York City . yankee Stadium . it snow there . you wanta see I play in yankee Stadium ? sofia it do not snow during baseball season , silly . miguel so we will go for Christmas . sofia promise ? miguel next Christmas , we will sail into yankee Stadium in my cadillac car-boat . deal ? sofia you be crazy ! they kiss . 19 ext . malecón - night 19 miguel , sofia , javier ( Black , 22 ) jamie ( Black , 26 ) and alexandra ( one of sofia 's friend ) hang out by the malecón ( waterside ) , drink rum and dance to merengue that blast out the open door of a nearby car . the mood be festive . javier ( mid-story ) I like she , but she ask I to cut my hair . I think about it . she be cute , but ... I like my hair more . sofia I like it too , javi . miguel then why would you cut it last week ? javier I think it be time for a new look . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 13. miguel or a new girl . sofia punch miguel in the arm . miguel watch it , baby , that 's a million - dollar arm you be mess with . javier he 's right ! all hail the golden arm . javier and the girl drunkenly salute miguel 's arm , pretend to dust dirt away , but Jaime do not play along . he look on , a little jealous . jaime you call that flabby rubberband a arm ? javier oooh ... miguel this flabby rubberband can throw 95 . what can yours do ? jaime I throw 98 in double -a Portland . miguel 98 ? then why you wash windshield now ? I see you try and bumrush javy at the stoplight last week . everyone crack up laugh , include Jaime , as miguel grab sofia , and lead she in a dance . his smile fade , Jaime look out over the water . miguel notice this . hold . ext . san pedro town - morning 20 20 various Sunday morning image establish miguel 's hometown : -- a dewey mist cover a empty baseball field , surround by acre of tall sugarcane . -- woman hang laundry on the line to dry . -- a rooster walk alone through a graveyard . -- people spill out of church into the road . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 14 . -- middle - aged men drink beer in the dugout during a softball game . 21 ext . empty lot field - day 21 a makeshift diamond be overrun with weed , ditch , stone , and trash for basis . donkey graze in the outfield , unphase by the little kide ( 10 - 14 year old ) play around they . a young pitcher fire in a fastball that bean the young hitter in the back . in the bleacher , two middle - aged men drink beer and occasionally heckle the kid . heckler # 1 you be suppose to aim for the head ! nearby , miguel sit beside he old coach , frank ( early 40s ) , watch the kid play . one of the local shoe shine boy clean miguel 's shoe with a old toothbrush as Frank crack open a beer . Frank point out one of the kid on the field . frank I like this one . good bat speed . only twelve year old , out here four , five hour everyday . his mom tell I he 's miss school . I say , yeah , but ... have you see he swing ? they laugh . frank I be show he older brother to the yankee on Monday . miguel nod , a hint of disappointment in he eye . frank ( see this ) they do not know what they miss with you . it 's cool though . they will be knock on you door , offer million when you turn into a superstar . you will see ... miguel nod , appreciate the vote of confidence . miguel have you be to New York ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 15 . frank ( nodd ) nothing like play for a crowd of New yorker . they be even louder than dominican . miguel what 's the city like ? frank it 's great . but you need to get to Kansas City before you start think about New York . know what I mean ? miguel you hear anything about spring training yet ? frank yep . Frank sip he beer . miguel and ? Frank shrug , as miguel 's sister call out from the street -- erica miguel , Luis ! dinner be ready ! miguel you would tell I if you know . frank maybe . miguel shake he head , get up . miguel wanna join we for dinner ? frank not tonight . but give you mom a kiss for I , okay ? miguel give a coin to the boy who 's be clean he shoe before head off with he little brother . Frank sip he beer , call out to the field -- frank c'mon , Nelson ! Fire it in , baby ! official shoot script as of 10/22/07 16 . 22 ext . academy field - early morning 22 a mist hover over the empty field . 23 ext . academy entrance road - same time 23 a group of Academy employees shuffle down the dirt road on foot . 24 int . academy dormitory - same time 24 miguel , lay awake in the upper bed , hear he bunk -mate , alfonso , stir beneath he . miguel peer over , see alfonso discreetly pop several pill from a plastic baggy . they make brief eye contact before alfonso head out of the room . 25 int . academy kitchen - day 25 several middle - age woman sit on bucket near a open door , peel yucca . a man fries egg at the grill , prepare breakfast for the player . 26 int . academy dine room - day 26 the player eat breakfast . the mood be strangely quiet . 27 int . academy clubhouse - day 27 the sign player sit around in uniform , while the unsign " trial " player wear they black jersey . coach reye address they in mid-speech . reye a lot of you be think about you family right now . you girlfriend , sister and brother , grandparent . you be feel the pressure . but , I be go to tell you something very important , gentleman ... forget it . you have get to think about yourselves . put all you energy into you game , into you development as a player . forget about everything else in you life ... and just play ball . you wanna succeed , you gotta be like a racehorse , focus on you goal . it 's up to you . 28 ext . academy build - day 28 several player work out on bar attach to the side of the building . as miguel lower himself after a set of pull -up , he notice a shiny , black , luxury suv drive into the academy parking lot . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 17 . miguel watch as alvarez get out of the driver 's seat , do business on he cell phone . 29 ext . academy field - later 29 miguel exercise he pitching arm by stretch a elastic tube tie against a chain - link fence . as he stretch , he watch a group of player line up for a sprint drill , size up he future competition . salvador , wear he black jersey , race for he life , beat all the other . 30 ext . academy field - later 30 the sweat - drench player line up accord to they position , wait they turn to participate in a double - play drill , where the pitcher cover first base . miguel await he turn , watch another pitcher , eddy , run to first to receive a throw from second base , but before eddy can catch the ball ... ...he twist he ankle trip over the bag . the coaches rush over to eddy , who be on the ground wince in pain . miguel and the rest of the team watch in nervous anticipation as eddy struggle to he foot , limp off the field with the aid of another player . reye next up , miguel ! here we go ! the ball be hit on the ground to first base , where the fielder quickly throw it over to second . miguel charge over to first , stutter step as he near the base , and receive the throw just in time to beat the hitter and step out of the way . he exhales in relief . 31 int . clubhouse shower - day 31 the player shower after a gruell day of workout . 32 int . clubhouse - day 32 miguel lounge with a elaborate ice- wrap around he shoulder and upper arm as other player get dress into street clothes . coach reye come in , spot pedro . reye berroa , see alvarez when you be dress . pedro nod . miguel and marcos exchange know glance . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 18. 33 int . academy dine room - night 33 the team eat dinner . at miguel 's table , we catch the punchline of a joke ... marcos so the dominican 's like , ` fuck , what be I gonna do ? ' he stay there , point up to the sky and say . ` look ! there 's a plane ... right there ! ' everyone laugh hysterically , as ... ... the young rookie , salvador , grab a seat next to miguel at a adjoin table . salvador hey , sugar ! they make I a offer . miguel smile , but hesitates for a beat as pedro walk past they and over to a empty table in the corner of the room . miguel turn back to salvador , pat he on the head . miguel good for you . congratulation . how much they offer you ? salvador ( with a big smile ) 115,000 . ( sense the other player surprise ) but , you know , my manager 's take , like , forty of it ... what would you sign for ? miguel oh , you know , more or less the same . do you get any other offer ? salvador yankee and Seattle , but not as much . miguel just do not get cocky . no one like a dickhead ... welcome to the team . salvador smile . salvador so , why do they call you sugar ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 19 . miguel well it 's like this ... it start cause I be sweet with the lady . but mostly it 's cause I get the sweetest knuckle curve in the whole Republic . alfonso ( interject ) bullshit ! you just learn that shit on Friday ! it 's cause he eat so much junk food ! salvador notice two piece of cake on miguel 's tray . miguel ( play it cool ) he 's just jealous . miguel notice pedro across the room , stare at he food . 34 int . academy recreation room - night 34 a dozen player sit around the television , watch a shlocky american horror film on dvd . 35 in the adjoining dormitory 35 pedro pack he belonging into a kc Knights ' duffel bag , when miguel , marcos , and alfonso approach he bunk . miguel we get you a go away present . miguel unzip he windbreaker to reveal a bottle of brugal rum hide underneath . the other guy smile mischievously . 36 ext . academy build - night 36 miguel , marcos , alfonso , and pedro tip - toe across the gravel , whisper at each other to shut up . 37 ext . observation tower - later 37 the four player toast they rum in little plastic cup . the bottle be nearly finish . marcos you should try Los campos . I hear the dodger could use a new first baseman . pedro fuck that . the coaches be even tougher over there . I be do , man . ( more ) official shoot script as of 10/22/07 20 . pedro ( cont would ) no more curfew , nobody tellin ' I what to do and how to do it . for real , I be glad this shit 's over . I be a free man . awkward silence . the player look at pedro with pity , unsure how to respond . after a beat , miguel mock coach reye and the other follow suit , mock alvarez and the other coaches . miguel ( snatching pedro 's cap ) no cap indoors , son ! alfonso cut the meat with you knife ; eat the meat with you fork . never eat the meat with you knife . marcos or you will chop off you tongue . miguel ten p.m. light out ! pedro ( in break English ) " tay I outta the ball game , tay I outta the crowd ... " the other player laugh , join pedro in a loud whisper ... alfonso / miguel /marcos / pedro " ... busy I so peanut and crackay - yack . I doe - care if I never get back . roo , roo , roo for home team , we doe - win be a shame ... " pedro break off from the song , look out over the field , on the verge of cry . one by one , the other player take notice and stop sing . silence . hold . 38 int . academy bathroom - day 38 hungover , miguel vomit in the toilet . reye open the stall . reye Santos , what the hell 's wrong with you ? miguel I think I have the flu , coach . I can not pitch today . reye glance over to marcos and alfonso stand nearby . they lower they head in embarrassment like two kid bust by dad . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 21 . reye you have get five minute to get out on that mound , Santos . reye march off . 39 ext . academy field - day 39 miguel on the mound . take a deep breath . he utilize every ounce of strength to deliver a pitch , and ... crack ! the visit Detroit Academy hitter knock the ball over the leave field wall for a homerun , wherein ... blah ! miguel throw up on the mound . all the player gasp in disgust , but reye just laugh . miguel look over to alvarez , sit under a umbrella with a clipboard , then to reye , hope he will yank he out of the game , but reye just clap . reye feel better now ? let 's go ! miguel try to shake off the cobweb , step on the rubber , stare down the next hitter . close on he hand revealing the knuckle curve grip . he toss in the next pitch , which arc into Jose 's glove for a ... umpire Strike ! reye ' smile fade , stunne by the beautiful curve . a series of jumpcut take we through the next three batter , as miguel make quick work of they , mixing up he nasty curve with a blaze fastball . after the third out , miguel walk back to the dugout . he take a seat on the bench , smile smugly . reye wipe that smile off you face . and he do . 40 ext . academy field - sunset 40 miguel , alfonso , and marcos run lap around the field as punishment for the previous night 's activity . they look as if they could pass out at any moment . fade to black . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 22. 41 int . waiting room - day 41 miguel and marcos sit on a couch in a bare - wall wait room outside alvarez 's office . they sit quietly , like two kid wait for the principal . coach reye poke he head out of alvarez 's office , motion they inside . 42 int . alvarez' office - moment later 42 miguel and marcos stare straight ahead , nervously . alvarez stare at they , icy cold . after a beat ... alvarez I be very disappointed . just when I be start to like you guy , you go and do something stupid . what do you have to say for yourselves ? marcos but alfonso be there too -- alvarez -- no excuse . this be unacceptable behavior . you guy need to learn discipline . miguel and marcos lower they head . reye you need to remember that you still have a long way to go , a lot of hard work ahead of you before you make it . first , there 's get you shot in the american minor leagues : rookie ball , single , double , triple a - all that before you even set foot in a major league ballpark . so , you better pull it together quick ... alvarez because nobody 's gonna take this shit from a couple dominican rookie when you go to the U.S. for spring train this season . they glance up , eye wide . do he just say ... reye you have be invite to spring train . everyone smile ( even alvarez ) . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 23. 43 int . textile factory - day 43 camera follow behind the floor manager , as he pass row of women of all age , work on sewing machine for a american underwear company . he stop behind one woman , tap she on the shoulder . the woman remove she earphone , turn around . it be miguel 's mother , carmen . floor manager phone call . he say it 's important . 44 int . factory hallway 44 carmen pick up the phone . carmen hello ? hold on she reaction shifting from that of concern to elation . she struggle to contain she joy . 45 int . miguel be home - night 45 miguel open a new bottle of rum , pour shot for everyone . the whole family and all of miguel 's neighbor be jamme inside the tiny house and spilling out into the street . merengue blast from the new home stereo system . friend and family pat miguel on the back . he smile , bask in the glory of success . erica kiss miguel on the cheek . erica do not forget to call everyday . I want to know everything ! miguel everything ? erica you know what I mean , dummy . miguel of course I will be call to keep you in check , make sure you grade do not slip . erica look who 's talk . carmen interrupt , drape she arm around miguel , kissing he repeatedly . as erica look on , we get the sense that she 's use to be on the outside of this kind of attention . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 24 . carmen you be my hero ! carmen pull miguel close , take something from she pocket , put it in he hand . carmen it be you father 's . I want you to take it with you ... miguel look at the cross , kiss he mother on the cheek . as he look up , he notice erica slip away . carmen you have be give a wonderful gift , miguelito . and God willing , you will continue to do great thing with it . I love you so much . she kiss he on the forehead . a series of jumpcut present a variety of family and friend introduce themselves to miguel . uncle angel miguelito ! you gonna remember you uncle angel when you be all big and famous ? do not forget you family , kid . never forget where you come from . jump CUT to : cousin lupe lupe ! cousin lupe ! remember that time we go skinny - dip at the malecón ? miguel when ? jump CUT to : cousing felipe you be eight year old ! hate the goat so much . you would cry and cry and cry and cry . what a baby you be . do you remember ? jump CUT to : miguel what 's you name ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 25 . aunt lola lola ! you aunt lola ! jump CUT to : uncle jeffe uncle jeffe ! jump CUT to : neighbor ana you neighbor Ana . I grow up around the corner from here . Ana lay a juicy kiss on miguel . he smile . jump CUT to : frank do not give I any shit , kid . I teach you everything you know . miguel give Frank a big hug . frank I be damn proud of you , kid . you father would be , too . miguel thanks . I owe it all to you . frank not all . just forty percent . miguel smile , as Frank lean close . frank I spend the best year of my life play in the States . life give you a lot of opportunity , but baseball only give you one . enjoy every minute of it . miguel nod . frank how 's you new curve ? miguel it 's pretty sweet . frank good. here ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 26 . Frank hand miguel a pen . miguel what 's this for ? frank you autograph . miguel seem puzzle , but search for something to write on . frank I be kid , you arrogant prick . it 's so you can write you family ... and I , too ... if you feel like it . miguel give Frank another hug . 46 int . miguel be home - later 46 miguel dance salsa with sofia , and then switch partner , dance with carmen . as he dance close with he mother , he catch a glimpse of erica stand with some friend off to the side . 47 ext . construction lot - later that night 47 miguel and erica stand in silhouette , isolate from the party raging outside . miguel sand one of the leg of the dining table . miguel where 's you boyfriend ? erica which one ? miguel I do not know ; the ugly one . erica hector ? miguel okay , where 's hector ? erica ( shrug , then ) some other party . miguel so what about the good-look one ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 27 . erica mmm , Fernando ... I think he 's out there dance with sofia . miguel 's eye get big for a second , until erica smile . he 's be have . he smile back . a beat . miguel I be proud of you , sis . you be go to do great thing too . we all know it . erica I be gonna miss you ... she kiss miguel on the cheek . erica c'mon , let 's dance . miguel go on , I will be out in a minute . and tell Fernando to keep he dirty hand off my girl . through crack in the tarp , miguel watch erica join the dance party in the street . savore this rare moment alone , he breathes deep , blow wood dust off the table leg , and continue sand . hold . fade to black . 48 int . airplane - day 48 miguel look out the window over the dry , Arizona desert . 49 int . airport baggage claim - day 49 a duffel bag emerge from the luggage shoot , and slide down to the rotate conveyor belt , where a american tourist grab it and exit frame . pan over to miguel , marcos and several other dominican player ( include ANTONIO and julio ) excitedly wait for they bag . miguel perk up upon see he , quickly snatch it off the belt . the other smile and applaud . 50 ext / int . airport shuttle bus - late afternoon 50 the other dominican player goof off , while miguel stare out the window at the rocky suburban Phoenix landscape . he catch wide - eye glimpsis of wacky shape cacti , strip mall , and , of course , a drive - through Starbucks . on the radio , a conservative talk show host warn listener about the evil of Iran , suggest war as the only solution . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 28. 51 int . HOTEL lobby - night 51 the player enter the southwest - style lobby , examine pot cacti , and frame r.c. Gorman reprint on the wall . 52 int . HOTEL room 52 miguel and marcos enter the room , drop they bag and explore everything like big kid away from home for the first time . marcos turn on the tv , which have a clear reception . he smile . in the bathroom miguel examine the hair dryer on the wall , turn it on and off . knock knock knock . miguel open the adjoin suite door to find Antonio and julio . they push past he , each hold a beer . ANTONIO check this out . Antonio open they mini bar , toss miguel and marcos beer . they all toast ... miguel / marcos / ANTONIO / julio to America ! marcos randomly hit button on the remote control and accidentally select a adult pay-per-view movie . the open credit plunge right into a graphic sex-scene . they head immediately jerk over to the tv , stunne . marcos to America ! they all smile and toast again . knock knock knock marcos open the door to find jorge ramirez ( 25 , a experience minor leaguer who leave the kc Knights dominican camp three year ago ) smile before he . jorge what 's up fella !? marcos jorge ! they hug . jorge enter , notice the beer and porn . he shake he head . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 29 . 53 ext . all night diner - night 53 through the window we see the player sit in a corner booth . a semi truck blast through the frame . 54 int . all night diner 54 over beer , the player study they menus in confusion , as jorge do he best to explain how thing work . jorge never , never , never , drink from the hotel mini bar . that shit be expensive . you want beer , buy it at the store . you wanta see titty ? they get magazine for that . do not pay in the hotel . a waitress approach . waitress you boy ready ? jorge the great thing about the States ? you can order breakfast 24 / 7 . french toast be the best . it 's nothing like dominican toast . ( in English to waitress ) french toast please . the player stare at jorge , a little intimidate . waitress who 's next ? after a beat , the player respond in unison ... miguel / marcos / ANTONIO / julio french toast . the waitress nod and leave , wherein the player crack up laugh at they first English language dining experience . 55 ext . spring training field - day 55 from the observation tower , we look down over the multiple - field spring training complex , where the minor leaguer work out . the vast facility be triple the size of what we see in the dominican Republic . a55 on the field , miguel , marcos , and jorge stretch out on the a55 grass . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 30 . jorge , wear a elastic knee brace , point out a young , african - american guy run wind sprint across the field ... jorge Brad Johnson . he just sign for a million dollar out of college . miguel and marcos watch Brad with fascination , search for some sort of physical representation of he wealth . jorge there 's a lot of guy like that . but you can not let that intimidate you . everyone know dominican rule the game . two venezuelan player , orlando mato ( 23 , catcher ) and ed poveda ( 22 , center field ) step up . orlando what 's this about dominican ruling the game ? ed no , he must have say venezuelan . jorge stand up , exchange hug with Orlando and Ed as they continue they debate over which Latin country have the best player . jorge sammy , manny , pedro ... ed santana , Zambrano , the guillen ! jorge be you guy all from the same family ? orlando look who 's talk ... be this you brother ? jorge what , all dominican look the same , now ? they all smile , stop razzing each other momentarily to meet the new player . jorge this be miguel and marcos . up from boca chica . ( to miguel and marcos ) ( more ) official shoot script as of 10/22/07 31 . jorge ( cont would ) Orlando and Ed . we all play in bridgetown together before I move up to double a and leave this fool behind . orlando but you could not hang in wichita . jorge I injure my knee , asshole . but I be healthy now . you will see . orlando fifty buck you be back in Iowa next month . jorge fifty buck you be still a asshole next month . they all laugh . 56 on the field - later 56 pitch coach , stu sutton ( white , 40s ) , address the minor league pitching staff in mid-speech . stu you have gotta show we you best game here . remember that , until you reach the top , there 's always guy above you , hustling to keep you here . and guy below you push to take you job . we have 75 pitcher in this camp compete for less than 50 position come April 3rd . so you gotta work hard ... while all the player respectfully listen to stu , it be clear that very few of the latino player can understand he . 57 later on the practice mound 57 miguel stretch he arm , while observe another group of pitcher throw in the bullpen . he stare at they with intensity , size up he new competition . 58 later on the field 58 miguel face off against a hitter in a simulate game scenario . one , two , three , he strike he out on three straight pitch . stu and another coach exchange impressed look . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 32. stu bring over Leonard . the other coach call over to the adjoin field . coach bring over Leonard ! 59 on the field - minute later 59 on major league all - star rob leonard in the batter 's box , await miguel 's pitch . miguel take a deep breath , psyches himself up . he put everything he have into a hearty fastball , which ... ... sail right over the plate for a strike , as Leonard calmly watch and ready himself for the next one . feeling confident with he stuff , miguel fire in the next pitch , and ... whack ! Leonard sail it over the right field wall . stu sutton smile at miguel . stu welcome to America , kid . 60 int . all night diner - night 60 close on a plate of french toast . miguel , marcos , Antonio , and julio all chow down on french toast again . they eat in silence for a few beat , until ... ANTONIO I have to admit ... I be get a little sick of the french toast . the other nod in agreement , but continue eat . 61 int . HOTEL lobby - pay phone - night 61 miguel talk on the phone to sofia . miguel I pitch against Rob Leonard today . a61 we intercut with sofia , at she home in the dominican Republic . a61 sofia no shit ! you strike he out ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 33. miguel yeah . sofia liar ! miguel you do not believe I ? sofia no . miguel well , I get one strike at least . sofia laugh . sofia so , do you like it there ? miguel mmmm ... it 's different . sofia different how ? miguel I do not know . just different . like the food be really sweet . sofia I think you like sweet thing . miguel smile . miguel all the player be really good . sofia but not like you . miguel no , not like I . of course not ... but they be pretty good . another beat . sofia look down at she bare foot , scrunches she toe . sofia I miss you . miguel I miss you , too . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 34 . 62 int . HOTEL room - night 62 marcos try to sleep , while miguel channel surf through the late night infomercials and reality tv dating show . after a few beat of this ... marcos ( annoyed ) turn it off . and he do . 63 ext . spring training field - sunrise 63 miguel run lap along the outfield wall in the empty stadium . 64 ext . spring training field - game day 64 the Kansas City b-squad be face off against the Los Angeles B - squad , which be rallying in the top of the 9th . 65 in the bullpen 65 miguel warm up , glance over to the action on the field between pitch . he see ... ... Los Angeles get another hit , scoring another run , so ... ... stu sutton walk out to the mound , signal for miguel . miguel throw one more warm - up toss and sprint onto the field . 66 on the mound 66 miguel arrive , ready for action . stu hand he the ball , while the catcher , Orlando , translate . stu just relax . know you pitch . and take it easy . Ground ball . okay ? orlando ( in Spanish ) just relax . Ground ball . miguel nod . as he toss a few more warm - up pitch from the mound , stu go back to the dugout where marcos and julio anxiously await miguel 's spring training game debut . the batter step in and miguel step on the rubber , touch he father 's cross around he neck , tuck it in he jersey . he look to Orlando , and nod at he request for a fastball . he throw it in ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 35 . umpire Strike ! stu exchange impressed glance with another coach . miguel send in the next one , and ... ... the hitter check he swing , but go too far . umpire two ! in the dugout marcos get to he foot , clap for encouragement . miguel nod to Orlando , deliver again ... crack ! the ball be smoke toward Brad Johnson at second base . he leap out , body fully extend , and make a fantastic catch . but he 's not do yet ... the runner at second be too far off the bag , so Brad hop to he foot , and fire a laser beam to second , finish off one of the sweetest double - play you will ever see . miguel pump he fist into the air , and the team run to ... 67 the dugout 67 marcos and julio be the first to greet miguel with high - fives . Orlando , Ed , and jorge , come off the field , follow in suit . miguel await Brad 's return to the dugout and high - fives he too , but they soon return to they segregated place on opposite end of the bench . 68 int . clubhouse - day 68 most of the player be go or head out when miguel approach he catcher , Orlando , a few locker away . miguel where do you learn English so good ? orlando back home in Caracas . miguel like in high school , or something ? orlando yeah , but it 's still hard though . people talk fast . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 36 . miguel agree , as a assistant coach finish hand out check to the remain player . miguel sit on the bench near he locker , open he envelope to find ... insert : a check for $ 502.18 . he smile . 69 int . classroom - late afternoon 69 the english instructor go over baseball related vocabulary off - screen , while miguel glance through he " English for Baseball player " notebook . he find a page with picture of different food along with they English name . he look at all the food , stop at a image of a fry egg . he circle the word " egg . " the instructor finish up class , and the exhaust latino player get up to leave . marcos stand , lean over to miguel . marcos c'mon . let 's grab some dinner . miguel Nah , I be gonna stay and work out a little . I will catch up later . 70 int . weight room - night 70 miguel do bicep curl alone in the weight room , when ... ... Brad Johnson enter . they exchange hello gesture , and proceed to workout on opposite side of the room . after finish he set , miguel turn to Brad . miguel ( struggle in English ) good catch . brad thanks ... I get lucky . they continue with they respective routine . 71 int . western union - night 71 close on miguel 's hand count out seven fifty - dollar bill . he approach the clerk behind thick , bullet - proof glass , and slide the money and rout slip through a retractable tray . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 37 . he smile big at the clerk . proud . 72 int . all night diner - night 72 the usual waitress hover over miguel , alone at the usual booth . waitress french toast , right ? miguel no ... Egg . Egg , please . waitress egg . no problem . how would you like be ? miguel stare at she . miguel yes . waitress um , okay , uh ... scramble ? over easy ? sunny side up ? a beat ... he do not count on this part . he think hard , pressure mount . miguel ( give up , embarrassed ) french toast . waitress no egg ? you sure ? miguel french toast . waitress ( disappointed ) alright , honey . french toast it be . as she leave , miguel shake he head , deject . stare out the window . a72 minute later . the waitress return with french toast and a72 another plate with sample of different egg . waitress okay ... this be scramble . scramble . miguel scramble . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 38 . waitress ( point on plate ) over easy . miguel over easy . waitress ( and finally ) this one 's tricky ... sunny-side-up. sunny ... miguel sunny ... waitress side ... miguel side ... waitress up ... miguel up. waitress sunny side up ... on the house . miguel thank you . waitress ( smile proud ) you be welcome . miguel get to work on he food , feel good . fade out . 73 ext . clubhouse entrance - day 73 miguel lean against the wall , eye close . he whisper a prayer to himself , then head inside the ... 74 int . clubhouse - day 74 ... where he pass a deject - look Antonio , on he way out . Antonio avoid eye contact , and miguel understand what 's happen . he see marcos , julio , and a few other player linger near the bulletin board . he approach , cautiously . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 39 . marcos they be send Antonio back . miguel shit . what about you guy ? julio we be stay here . rookie ball . miguel nervously glance over to the list . marcos go take a look . miguel go to the board scan the name on a roster , find he . insert : we pan from he name to " ( a ) bridgetown , Iowa " miguel I be not with you guy ? marcos straight to single a , bro . with jorge . congratulation . miguel where be Iowa ? 75 ext / int . moving bus - iowa highway - day 75 various image of vast Midwest farmland ... corn country . miguel look out the window at the pass landscape . 76 ext . bridgetown , iowa bus depot - day 76 bridgetown 's number one baseball fan , earl higgins ( 70 ) and he wife helen higgins ( also 70 ) watch as the bus pull into the depot . they be hold a sign that say : " miguel Santos # 1 " about a dozen young player hop off the bus and grab they bag . some of they jump into wait taxi , but miguel see he name on the higgins ' sign . miguel can not I stay with you guy ? jorge do not worry , sugar . the higgins be good people . I stay with they last time I play here . jorge walk over towards the higgins with miguel . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 40 . miguel then why do not you stay with they again ? jorge they have a no girl policy . helen jorge ! good to see you back in bridgetown ! jorge hug helen , shake hand with Earl . jorge thank you . this be miguel . Orlando whistle to jorge from a taxi . jorge I go now . take care of my friend . jorge wave goodbye to the higgins , pat miguel on the back , and hop in a cab with Orlando and Ed . awkward beat , as miguel , Earl , and helen stand in silence . 77 ext / int . higgins car - day 77 Earl and helen ramble on in English , while miguel space out the back window at the pass corn stalk , which be strikingly similar to the sugar cane stalk back home . helen we have have dominican , venezuelan boy , a colombian , one from Panama , black and some Americans . mostly Spanish boy , though . johan santana , mendy Lopez and Ramon martinez all stay with we . year ago . earl last year we have this boy , junior sanchez . Nice boy . decent with the glove , but could not bunt to save he life . helen two-for-twelve in sacrifice situation . earl cost the team at least two victory . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 41 . helen oh , that 's be generous ! I would say four or five . 78 int . higgins farmhouse - day 78 miguel , Earl , and helen enter the old , crickety home . helen put you thing down . I will show you around . 79 int . kitchen 79 helen this be the kitchen . help yourself to whatever you would like . you can make a list of special food you like to eat and put it here . helen point to a grocery list tuck under a broccoli magnet . helen oh , and over here , this drawer be a little funny . she pull open the silverware drawer . helen you have to be careful or ... she pull it a little too far and it fall off its rail . miguel nod . 80 int . washer / dryer room 80 helen this be the washer and the dryer . for you clothes . you put the soap in this one . sopa . miguel look at she , confuse . do she just say " soup " ? helen ( cont 'd ) the other one 's just hot air . caliente . a80 int . staircase a80 miguel follow helen up the stair . helen you room be up here . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 42. 81 in the bathroom 81 helen ( in bad Spanish ) El banyo . she laugh . miguel smile , appreciate the effort . 82 int . miguel be new bedroom 82 helen you new cuarto . bedroom . do with it as you please . just no girl . chicas ? no chica . miguel smile , understanding . 83 int . kitchen - later 83 Earl and helen break down the rule for miguel at the table . earl no drink . no cerveza in the casa . no chica in the bedroom . helen I already tell he that one . earl okay . what about quiet time ? helen right . there 's no real curfew , but you must be quiet after ten . earl diez. ( hold index finger to mouth ) shhhh ... after diez . miguel ten. okay . helen Si ! that 's all we ask . it 's we job to keep you healthy and focus on baseball . earl and we take pride in that . miguel smile . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 43. 84 ext . higgins porch - dusk 84 helen bring a large glass of lemonade to miguel gently sway on the porch swing . miguel thank you . she nod , look out over the landscape , and for the first time we see ... ...an extreme wide shot of the higgins house , which seem to be situate in the middle of nowhere . the low sun cast a dreamy day of Heaven glow over the image . a tiny helen higgins return inside the house , while miguel continue to sway on the porch swing , alone . hold . fade to black . 85 int . miguel be home ( dominican republic ) - dusk 85 carmen talk into the phone . carmen everyone be so proud , miguelito . it 's all we can talk about . a85 we intercut between carmen and miguel in he new iowa bedroom . a85 miguel do you get the money ? carmen of course . miguel good . and Victor ? can he start construction on the house again ? I will be send money every two week now . carmen we just pay he . he 's come next week . miguel what about you ? you get something for yourself like I say ? carmen I ? what do I need ? miguel c'mon , mom ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 44 . carmen what ? miguel you do not get anything ? carmen well , maybe I get some new shoe , but I be not tell . erica stroll by , yell into phone ... erica Three pair , miguel ! but who 's count ? miguel laugh on he end . miguel good for you , mom . helen ( o.s. ) miguel ! time for dinner ! miguel I have to go , mom . the lady be call I . smell like dinner . carmen dinner ? do not forget who you real mother be , miguelito . be you go to prefer she cooking to mine now ? miguel impossible ... I love you , mom . carmen everyone love and miss you . Strike one out for I , okay ? 86 int . higgins dine room - dusk 86 the higgins ' son , michael ( 40s ) , and he wife , hilary ( 40s ) , and they daughter , anne ( 17 ) , join Earl and helen for miguel 's first dinner in Iowa . helen lead the table in grace ... helen dear Lord ... thank you for the meal we be about to eat . and for bless we with we new guest . and guide he safely on he journey from the dominican Republic to bridgetown ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 45 . miguel glance around the table . everyone 's head be bow and eye close . his eye stop on Anne , seat across from he . she 's a attractive all - american girl , but would never dream of flaunt she good look . after take she in , miguel close he eye . helen ... and finally , Lord ... please look kindly over the swing this season . May all the player stay healthy and ... well , why not ?... if there 's anything you can do to help we win another championship , we will take that too ... amen . the table laugh , follow by a chorus of amen . miguel open he eye , greet with smile . he smile too , as everyone pass dish around the table . michael so , miguel ... do - you - eat - meatloaf - back home ? helen I already tell you , Michael , he do not speak any English . michael I know but ... I be curious to know what he think of the meatloaf . earl what do you care ? you do not cook it . hilary ( to Michael ) I doubt they have meatloaf in the dominican Republic , dear . anne I bet they have something similar . they probably just have another name for it . all eye be on miguel as he nervously take a bite . a suspenseful beat , until ... ... he smile and nod . everyone sigh , smile , and nod back . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 46 . michael this be good old - fashioned american home cooking , miguel . welcome to America . miguel I like . thank you . earl well , very good , miguel . De nada to you , mis amigo . De nada to you . Anne smile at miguel , a little embarrassed by she grandpa . miguel smile back , then get back to he meatloaf . 87 int . bridgetown swing clubhouse - day 87 the team 's clubhouse manager ( 19 , redhead freckle face ) , hand out schedule to a handful of return player . clubby if you guy ever need ticket for family or friend , just let I know two day ahead of time . Thursday 's opener be already sell out , but I save one row , so you need to speak up now ... miguel enter the room , look for he locker . the clubby take notice . clubby Santos - you be over there . clubby point miguel in the right direction , where he find he locker and several press jersey wait for he . miguel take he practice jersey , sit down in front of the locker , as ... brad ( o.s. ) ( in bad Spanish ) que pasa , hermano ? Brad pat miguel on the back . miguel be excited to see a familiar face . miguel ( in bad English ) what up , flaco ? brad dude , I be totally psyched when I see you name on the squad . good time . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 47 . miguel yeah , okay . Brad find he locker , and they both suit up . 88 int / ext . underground corridor - minute later 88 we follow miguel through the tunnel , which lead out to the ... 89 bridgetown swing ball park field 89 a stun little park that sit at the Mississippi River 's edge , underneath the Crescent Bridge . a dozen scattered player warm up on the lush green grass . a wide - eye miguel step onto the field for the first time and take it all in . hold . fade to black . 90 int . westland mall - day 90 miguel and jorge stroll through the mall . miguel note the steady barrage of discount sign , plastic jewelry kiosk , and product sample . 91 int . department store - minute later 91 miguel follow jorge through the man 's section when a rack of hane underwear catch he eye . he turn a package over . insert : in a little corner of the package miguel read , " made in the dominican republic " . he check the price tag . jorge c'mon , bro , let 's find you a suit . miguel I can not afford a suit . jorge I do not say buy a suit . I say find a suit . so when you make it big , you will already know what look good . 92 int . department store suit section - not much later 92 miguel emerge from the dress room in a white suit and electric blue collare shirt . jorge hot damn ! that 's what 's up ! official shoot script as of 10/22/07 48. miguel you like it ? jorge I love it ! you look like a all -star , bro . miguel admire himself in the mirror . jorge ( in a fake announcer voice , in English ) " start pitcher for american League ... from Kansas City ... miguel ... ' sugar ' ... Santos . " jorge fake massive crowd applause . miguel laugh . miguel what about you , man ? you try one . jorge shrug , smile . jorge me? Nah ... I be all wash up . miguel c'mon ... jorge get distract by a pack of teenage girl cruise by . they smile at the player , who smile back . miguel very nice . jorge dude . you have no idea . just wait till we go to Big muddy 's . miguel Big muddy 's ? jorge reach into he wallet , remove he id , hand it to miguel . jorge you gotta be 21 to drink there . this be my old license . they will not know the difference . miguel look at jorge 's id photo , crack up . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 49 . miguel be you kid I ? nobody 's gonna believe I be this ugly fool . jorge believe I ; they will not know the difference . 93 ext . westland mall parking lot - day 93 miguel and jorge each carry a shopping bag for helen . miguel also carry a plastic bag of he own . all three of they be lick ice cream cone . 94 int . miguel be room - day 94 miguel take a new calendar out of a plastic shopping bag . it feature iconic image of New York City . he peel off the plastic and pin it to the month of April on he wall . close on miguel 's hand tear open a small package from he family back home : we linger on a crudely draw sketch of a baseball player with a Kansas City jersey from Luis , along with a photo of carmen , erica , and Luis pose in front of the frame of the new house . miguel smile , read the enclose letter . 95 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - late afternoon 95 open night . there 's a air of excitement in the stand and on the field . the small park 's seat be pack with fan . 96 int . radio announcers ' booth 96 jack jefferies ( White , 5as ) overlook the field , speak into the microphone . jack jefferies hey there , swing fan , welcome to another exciting season of swing baseball . as always we have get some new face who we will get to know this year -- like Brad Johnson , the highly tout 2nd baseman out of Stanford . he will make he professional debut tonight . great night for swing baseball ... and also a great night to grab a bite and a brew at harlow 's after the game - you local pub and proud sponsor ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 50 . 97 ext . on the field 97 as a young lady begin sing the star-spangled Banner , miguel take off he hat , look out to the american flag . hold on he solemn expression . 98 ext . in the dugout 98 we stay on miguel for the game 's highlight , jump cutting he reaction to the best play of the game . play 1 : he casually spit sunflower seed shell , then clap the final out of the inning , high - five player return to the dugout . play 2 : chat to jorge , when they react to the crack of the bat , leap to they foot , eagerly anticipate a umpire 's call , and cheer when the call go they team 's way . play 3 : grimace at the sight of a hit -by-pitch . play 4 : leap to he foot , clap . play 5 : leap to he foot , do not clap . sit back down . play 6 : miguel and jorge sway to the seventh inning stretch classic " take I out to the Ball game . " play 7 : sit with Brad , they both point to something on the field and crack up laugh . of course , we do not see what they be laugh at . play 8 : stand with jorge and the rest of the player , the mood be tense . the player react to a hit ball , as they head jerk toward the outfield , wait , wait , wait , and ... a98 celebration ! whatever happen , the game be over and we follow a98 the player out onto the field to mob Brad , who just score the win run . 99 ext . big muddy front entrance - night 99 the bouncer examine miguel 's photo id , which be actually jorge 's . he shoot miguel a suspicious look , but hand it back and let he through . 100 int . big muddy be - night 100 some of the swing player celebrate they first victory with beer at the local bar / dance club . a few of the guy dance with local girl , but jorge and miguel stand against the wall , beer in hand , as they watch the MTV - inspire grinding and freaking unfold before they . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 51 . miguel you think they know how to salsa ? jorge ( smile ) go for it , bro . but remember , just cause they dance with you , do not mean they want anything else . Orlando and Ed approach with a couple brews . orlando not from you , anyway . miguel notice Brad stroll by , call he over . miguel yo flaco ! brad what 's up fella ? good game . they all toast beer . brad what 's with the flaco ? I mean ... ( flex he arm ) you call this flaco ? everyone laugh , as jorge eye two women on the dance floor . jorge you ready ? miguel let 's do it . 101 int . big muddy dance floor 101 jorge whisper in one of the girl ' ear and the two of they begin dance with he and miguel . at first cautious , miguel and he partner ease closer , until miguel 's hand be on she hip , lead she in rhythm to the hip -hop jam , while mixing in some Latin move as well . as miguel and jorge carve and twist with they partner , several local bar patron begin to take notice of they fancy footwork . but miguel might be dance too well for one drunk jackass in particular , who ... ... wander over , get in miguel 's face . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 52 . jackass ( barely audible ) careful , paco . this be not the jungle . miguel stare he down . a few clubber in the immediate vicinity stop dance , observe . jorge step between they , and ... ... apparently , drunken ego speak the same language everywhere because jorge and the jackass start jaw back and forth in they native tongue . both seem to be understanding the other , though the music be too loud to hear anything specific . Brad and the venezuelan run over to break it up before anything serious start . they all hustle out to ... 102 ext . big muddy parking lot - night 102 the Latin player spill out into the brisk night air with Brad and the swing 's designate hitter , jeff elk . they all pile into Brad 's car , as a few local stand near the club 's entrance , watch they go . 103 ext . higgins farmhouse - night 103 the car pull up near the house and miguel stumble out , as the wild bunch inside hoot and holler . the car back down the road and the player ' voice fade out with the hum of the engine . a upstairs light go on . miguel look up to the higgins ' bedroom where helen 's silhouett figure linger in the window . he tiptoe inside . the sound of a church choir fade in , and carry over to ... 104 int . church - day 104 with the exception of miguel , the all - white congregation sing hymn about Jesus and the Lord . he try to suppress a yawn when he see Anne higgins sing in the choir . she notice he as she sing . a smile . miguel perk up . 105 ext . church parking lot - day 105 churchgoer flood out of the church after the service . Anne walk alongside miguel . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 53. anne how would you like the service ? ( off he blank stare ) we church ? hope it be not too boring for you . do you go to church in the dominican Republic ? he shake he head . miguel I be sorry . I do not understand . anne s'okay . you understand more than a lot of folk around here I bet . he nod , still unsure . anne so listen , I and some friend be hang out later . you should stop by my house after the game . it 's gonna be super chill . grandma can take you there , but here ... she stop a random churchgoer ... anne can I borrow a pen real quick ? the churchgoer hand over a pen , and Anne write she address on miguel 's forearm . anne after the game . my house ... good luck , tonight . Anne run off . miguel look after she , mystify . 106 int . swing clubhouse - late afternoon 106 half -uniformed player hang out , eat sandwich , pass around a playboy magazine , signing souvenir baseball , and talk at full volume . hip-hop blast from a stereo , compete with a old duke of hazard rerun on the tv . hardy , the bridgetown swing mascot , pass through with he enormous monkey head under one arm . miguel sit at he locker , psyching himself up for he first start . he touch Luis ' draw , which be tape to the inside of he locker . close he eye , take a deep breath . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 54 . 107 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - late afternoon 107 on the mound . miguel open he eye , as the lead -off hitter step into the batter 's box . he take a moment , cross himself . play ball . miguel nod to he catcher , Orlando , then fire in the first pitch high for a ball . when he get the ball back , he look to the stand , where ... ... Earl , helen , Michael , and Hilary sit uncomfortably close to the field in choice box seat . he take a nervous breath , fire in the second pitch . Ball two . same for the third . and forth . the batter jog to first , and the crowd grumble . 108 int . radio announcers ' booth 108 Jack jeffery do he thing on the mic . jack jefferies Santos , apparently feel the butterfly on he first professional outing . hailing all the way from the dominican Republic , Santos wow the club with he power during spring train . but he 's off to a rocky start tonight . 109 on the mound 109 jorge come over from third base as the batter walk to first . jorge relax , sugar . it 's the same game we play back home . that 's all it be . just a game , man . so relax . let 's have some fun . okay ? miguel nod . jorge point out the next batter . another dominican . jorge see ? just like home . jorge run back to he position at third . miguel tuck he index finger into he knuckle curve grip . deliver ... umpire Strike ! official shoot script as of 10/22/07 55 . jorge that 's it ! there it be ! and the next pitch ... ... be hit sharply to jorge at third , who fire it over to second for one , and on to first for a double play . the crowd go wild and miguel finally exhales . one , two , three ... he mow down the next batter on three consecutive strike . more applause . 110 in the dugout 110 Orlando hand he he first strikeout ball . miguel take a seat , wipe the sweat from he head , then look down at Anne 's address scribble on he forearm . 111 scoreboard - later that night 111 we pan right across six inning of zeroe . the swing be lead 4 to nothing in the top of the 7th . 112 on the field 112 thwack ! the hitter smoke a double off the left-center wall . 113 int . radio announcers ' booth 113 jack jefferies nearly unhittable for the first 6 inning , that be only the second hit allow by Santos tonight . 114 back on the field . 114 the next batter dribble a spin groundball at jorge , but it squirt through he leg into leave field , allow the runner to score a unearn run from second . stu walk toward the mound , signal for the bullpen . he and Orlando greet miguel on the mound . stu good game , kid . enjoy this ... orlando ( in Spanish ) Nice work , sugar . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 56 . miguel ( in Spanish , to Orlando ) but that be not my fault . I can go longer . orlando ( in Spanish ) take it easy ; it 's you first game . though he do not speak Spanish , stu know exactly what 's happen . he take the ball from miguel with a smile , but miguel do not move , still reluctant to leave the mound . as the fan begin to cheer he stellar debut ... stu you hear that ? it 's for you , kid . Orlando smile , pat miguel on the butt , and miguel finally start he slow walk off the field . as we follow he off , the fan rise to they foot and miguel approach the dugout to a stand ovation . on he way in , he 's greet by he teammate with congratulatory high - fives . at third jorge stare at the dirt , frustrated by he misplay . 115 ext . bridgetown swing ballpark - after the game 115 firework explode in the sky as the kid in the crowd watch excitedly . 116 in the dugout 116 miguel and a few other player hang over the railing , enjoy the awesome display . 117 ext . anne's house - night 117 miguel ring the doorbell , wait . he 's hold a baseball . Anne open the door . anne hey miguel . c'mon inside . he hand she the ball like it 's a rise . miguel ( in rehearse English ) my first ... strike -out . anne oh , miguel ... you be so sweet . congratulation , I hear you pitch awesome . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 57 . 118 int . anne's house - minute later 118 some kind of casual teenage party be in effect . pizza box be spread around the live room and everyone ( 12-15 white kide ) be drink soda from plastic cup . no booze . anne hey everybody , this be miguel . he 's from the dominican Republic , and now he pitch for the swing . everyone manage to say " hi miguel " at the same time . 119 game room - a little later 119 two guy , randy and travis , play a spirite game of foozeball , while miguel look on , fascinate . randy what 's up , man ? travis wanna play ? miguel no . thank you . travis it 's like soccer . you play soccer ? miguel soccer ? no. Baseball . travis well this be call fooze - ball . fooze - ball . miguel foos-ball ? travis yeah , you get it . miguel look for Anne , see she go over some papers with another kid . she see miguel , wave , then get back to she conversation . randy I use to be a pitcher . in little league . I be not very good though . miguel nod , and another girl , wendy , chime in . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 58 . wendy I hear that the beach in the dominican Republic be really beautiful . miguel nod again . they stand in silence for a awkward beat , sip from they red , plastic cup , until ... anne hey guy , let 's get start . everyone grab a seat . the teens crowd into the live room , squeezing together on sofa , recliner , and desk chair . miguel sit behind the majority of the group , not sure what 's go on . Anne stand before they ... anne I be so glad you all come . last year , we do not have half as many people in we group . so , I think this just go to show the great work we have be do in spread the word . but this year , I want we to work harder . now , I know a lot of you be study for sat or work on college application . and all of that be important , but we need to remember that we spiritual accomplishment be more important . what we do in school or for a job ... that 's just a small part of who we be . we be only here by the grace of God , so let 's get out there and share that grace . miguel watch , still unsure what 's go on . 120 live room - a little later 120 Anne lead the group in song , while Randy play the piano . miguel watch ; he 's the only person not sing . the group ( sing ) one there be above all other , oh , how he love ! his be love beyond a brother 's , oh , how he love ! earthly friend may fail or leave we , one day soothe , the next day grieve we ; but this friend will not 'er deceive we : oh , how he love ! official shoot script as of 10/22/07 59 . miguel observe , a little disappointed , as this be not quite the date he be hope for . 121 ext / int . moving bus - day 121 miguel and Brad be side by side in neighbor aisle seat , while jorge and Jeff catch some Zs against the window . miguel 's " English for Baseball player " workbook be on he lap , but he and Brad discuss language that will not likely be find there ... miguel mamañema . very bad . very bad word . brad mama-ñema ? what 's it mean ? miguel mmm ... like -- miguel mime fellatio . brad cocksucker ? miguel cock-sucker ? brad yeah , we say cocksucker . miguel okay , cocksucker . brad mamañema . they laugh . brad ( in bad Spanish ) who be you favorite player ? miguel ( in bad English ) Robinson cano for the yankee . I know he brother . and you ? brad Roberto clemente . miguel who be that ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 60 . brad what ? you do not know about clemente ? miguel be dominican ? brad Puerto rican . I can not believe it . this be tragic . do you know who Babe Ruth be ? miguel baby Ruth ? El chocolate ? Brad stare at miguel for a beat , and they both crack up . brad hey , how would it go with that girl the other night ? miguel girl ? brad yeah , do not you have a date , or something ? miguel oh , she no es my girl . Brad sense miguel 's disappointment in the matter . brad no sweat , bro . we will find you a little honey on the road . miguel smile . Brad pick up he mpe player , search the menu for something . brad you like the White stripe ? miguel I do not know . brad check it out . miguel grab he portable CD player , hand it to Brad , trading music with he . as miguel place Brad 's bose headphone over he ear , the White stripe ' " Seven Nation Army " infuse the soundtrack and lead we through the follow ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 61 . 122 early season swing baseball sequence : 122 -- the swing player sprint out of the dugout to they position at bridgetown ballpark , while miguel strut to the mound with supreme confidence . a122 -- at a visiting team' stadium , miguel throw a series of a122 strike and batter whiff . b122 -- miguel ice down he arm after a game . b122 c122 -- Ed sneak up behind miguel while he 's talk to Brad and c122 drop a handful of ice down he shirt . h122 -- at a visiting ball park Brad make a diving stop . h122 d122 -- at there home park , stu work with miguel in the early d122 afternoon , before the other player have arrive . j122 -- Brad slide in safely at second base . j122 f122 -- miguel run videotape during one of he off day . f122 g122 -- jorge strike out . g122 j122 -- miguel and jorge eat egg at a local diner . j122 123 -- at the western union , miguel hand $ 300 through the glass to 123 the teller . 124 -- on the bus , Brad hand miguel a local paper , feature a photo124 of miguel on the mound . brad " Santos sting Owls with 8 's . " what kind of shoddy journalism be this ? there 's nothing ' about I in here . miguel smile , take the paper , examine it . 125 -- in a motel room , miguel enthusiastically talk on the phone 125 with he mom back home . a125 -- at a visiting team ballpark , miguel pick off a runner at a125 first . 126 -- jorge do physical therapy for he knee while miguel 126 stretch out he pitching arm . 127 -- miguel watch videotape of he pitching with stu in the 127 coach 's office . a127 -- miguel , jorge , Orlando and Ed sit in the dugout , respectfully a127 listen as a chaplain give a sermon in Spanish . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 62. at the other end of the dugout , some of the american player listen to a Sunday morning sermon in English . b127 -- track in on miguel as he fire in another strike . b127 128 --a kid hand miguel a baseball card and pen for he autograph . 128 miguel coolly oblige like he 's be do this for year . 129 -- in the radio booth , after a game , Jack jeffery , interview 129 miguel with Orlando act as translator . jack jefferies at what point in the game do you realize you have you best stuff ? orlando ( do he best ) when do you know you be go to be a good pitcher in this game ? miguel I know from the time I be very young I would be a good pitcher . ten , eleven year old . thanks to God , I have have the opportunity to develop my talent . orlando ( translate in English ) he know very early that he be go to pitch good . eleven year . Jack jeffery nod , confuse . miguel and Orlando look at each other , unsure . end early season sequence . 130 int . motel room - night 130 miguel check he appearance in the bathroom mirror , while jorge talk on the telephone with somebody back home . jorge appear anguish , as he struggle to speak . jorge it 's not good . because I have not be play good ... no. I be work hard , but , I do not know ... I think they might ... ( jorge glance back toward miguel ) listen , I can not talk now . miguel get the hint , step out of he room into the ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 63. 131 motel hallway 131 ... and we follow miguel through the lobby , which open up into a enormous arcade with blink neon light , and whistling machine everywhere . his sense on the verge of overload , he continue through the arcade , which then open up into a ... 132 fun CITY bowling alley 132 miguel notice Brad bowl with some girl and other player . miguel watch for a beat as they laugh at one of the girl 's gutter ball . he think about go over to say hello , but decide against it , head back toward the arcade . 133 int . motel room - later 133 while jorge sleep , miguel carve a small piece of wood with a swiss army knife . stop when he hear a burst of male and female voice come from down the hall . he , go to the door , listen ... the drunken giggle voice get louder as they approach . miguel look through the peephole , see ... ... Brad and Jeff with two local girl disappear into they room across the hall . miguel put he ear to the door again , but can not hear anything , so he return to the desk , begin carve again . 134 ext / int . moving bus - day 134 Orlando and Ed play a spirite game of casino on a gatorade jug in the aisle while miguel , jorge and Brad chat about movie . brad do you ever see " y tu mama tambien " ? miguel y tu mama what ? brad y tu mama tambien ... it 's mexican . jorge laugh , shake he head . miguel no , I do not know this . brad what be you favorite movie ? jorge terminator . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 64 . miguel I like matrisse . jorge oh , matrisse . very strong . brad matrisse ? what 's that ? miguel he do not know matrisse ? jorge you do not know the matrisse ? brad the mattress ? I do not know . ( turn to Jeff , beside he ) dude , do you know a movie call the mattress ? jeff the mattress ? jorge with keanu ...? jeff keanu reeves ? brad oh , shit ! the matrix !! miguel matrisse ! brad yeah , yeah , the matrix be badass . I be like , mattress ? what ? 135 int . miguel' bedroom - dusk 135 he finish up a birthday card to he sister erica , enclose it in a padded envelope along with the wooden etching he carve earlier - a pendant with a cornstalk design . the NYC calendar on the wall in the background indicate we be now in JUNE . when he 's do , he go to he duffel , pull out he English language workbook . miguel sit on he bed , open the book . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 65 . 136 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - day 136 a batter swing and miss for strike three . the catcher throw the ball around the horn . miguel step off the mound , grab the rosin bag for traction , get the ball back . his next pitch be hit on the ground toward the first base line , where the first baseman make a nice back -hande play ... miguel sprint over to cover the bag , receive the toss , but ... ouch ! ... the runner storm into miguel before he have time to pull he foot off the bag , knock they both hard to the ground . the runner be call out , but miguel be slow get to he foot . stu and the trainer run out to check on he . jorge rush over from third , and Orlando also come to help translate . stu Nice play , kid . how 's you foot ? jorge you okay ? miguel nod , but he 's limping back to the mound . stu take it easy . do not force it . how 's it feel ? orlando ( translate ) do not push it . do it hurt ? miguel I be okay . stu let he toss a few warm -up . the umpire grant miguel a few " test " pitch . visibly shake , miguel set up for a warm - up pitch , breathes deeply , and deliver . he land gingerly on he right ankle , make a face . stu and the trainer exchange glance . miguel notice this , as he set up for another pitch . the trainer shake he head , no . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 66 . stu all right , kid . give it a rest . as stu reach for the ball , miguel pull it away . miguel I be okay . please . stu and the trainer sense miguel 's anxiety . stu put he arm on miguel 's shoulder for comfort . stu you be okay , I know , but let 's just be sure ... give I the ball , son . miguel size they up , reluctantly hand the ball over , and limp off the field with stu and the other player look after . 137 int . anne's house - dine room - night 137 the whole family , with a couple new addition , sit around the table in mid-meal : Earl , helen , Anne , Michael , Hilary , jorge , Brad and miguel . miguel wear a big blue boot on he injure foot , and a crutch lean against the wall behind he . helen you have be pitching so well ... it 's a real shame . earl do not worry , miguel , you will bounce right back . miguel poke at he food , avoid eye contact . hilary where would you say you be from , Brad ? brad Berkeley . michael oh , different world out there , huh ? you like to surf ? Brad smile . brad uh , no , I have never try it . but maybe someday . jorge you parent visit here ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 67 . brad yeah , I hope so . maybe when they get some time off this summer . anne how about you , miguel ? what 's you family like ? miguel my family ? anne yeah . like , who do you live with back home ? miguel I live with my mother , sister , brother ... and abuela ? miguel look to jorge for help . jorge grandmother . miguel and grandmother . michael how about you father , miguel ? miguel my father , uh ... ( search for the word ) he die . Anne nudge she dad under the table . helen oh , miguel , honey . I be so sorry . miguel nod , take a bite of potato . there be a awkward beat as everybody chew . miguel muster all he language skill to break the awkward silence . miguel ( to Michael and Hilary ) you have other child ...? hilary yes , we have a son . Anne 's older brother . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 68. anne he 's in Iraq . Brad pause from chew , look around , and nod . more awkward silence . hold . 138 ext . anne's porch - night 138 miguel and Anne sit alone on the porch . we can hear chatter from inside , where the other be clear the table . anne you like it here in Iowa ? miguel yes . I like ... many new thing . ( think for a beat ) very different . anne I bet . you have travel a long way , huh ? God must have something special in mind for you ... Anne point out a small scar on miguel 's scalp . anne what happen there ? miguel ( struggle ) uh ... when I boy ... um ... I do not know -- anne tell I in Spanish . miguel ( in Spanish , no subtitles ) okay ... when I be little , I want to eat some cherries from a tree . it be not we tree , and there be a fence to keep we kid away . Anne hang on he every word as if she understand perfectly . miguel so I climb up the fence to knock down some cherries with a stick , but I when I take my first swing -- whoosh . I fall . there be a lot of blood . Anne reach out , lightly touch he scar . her hand linger for a beat , until ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 69 . ... miguel lean in and kiss she . she kiss he back for a beat , but when he put he hand around she waist , pull she closer , she resist . they separate . Anne look down at she foot , uncomfortable . anne sorry , I just ... sorry . miguel look on , confuse , as she stand . they lock eye for a awkward beat . anne I should help clean up ... on she way back inside ... anne we have another meeting Thursday ... if you can come . miguel nod . Anne leave he on the porch alone . he look out over the corn field . 139 int . swing clubhouse - day 139 miguel enter the near-empty room limping on he blue boot , find jorge wear street clothes and pack up personal thing from he locker . miguel know immediately what 's happen . they make eye contact from across the locker room . nobody move . after a beat ... jorge I have a good run . miguel what happen ? jorge it 's over . miguel why ? jorge you know the drill . I be not play well , so they will bring up somebody who be . miguel what about you knee ? you just need some more time ... you be recover . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 70 . jorge sugar ... miguel relent . miguel when do you leave ? jorge they want I to fly back tonight . miguel tonight ?! jorge but I be not go back ... a beat as miguel let this sink in . jorge I gotta cousin in New York . miguel you be go to New York ? jorge where else ? there 's no work back home . my bonus will not last forever ... miguel look off . jorge sense he anxiety . jorge relax sugar , I will see you at yankee Stadium someday ... when the Knights come to town . I will be in the front row , get drunk , and cheer the loudest . miguel smile . jorge not for you though . yankee fan be crazy . I can not take the risk ... I will call you . a beat as miguel look at jorge with concern . jorge shake it off . jorge you worry too much , sugar . I will be okay . I mean , it 's just a game , right ? miguel nod . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 71 . 140 int . sofia' house ( dominican republic ) - night 140 a140 sofia on the phone . we intercut between she and miguel in he a140 bedroom , he injure ankle elevate on a pillow . sofia how would you play tonight ? miguel ( hesitant ) good , good . sofia I bet you have lot of groupy wait for you after you game . miguel I have a few . sofia a few ? miguel just kid . I mean I would , but none of this white girl speak Spanish . marcos play in Arizona . lot of mexican ; everyone speak Spanish . he have like fifteen girlfriend . sofia shut up ! miguel he 's probably lie though . sofia I bet he 's lie . a beat , as miguel shift gear ... miguel jorge go to New York . sofia to the yankee ? miguel no . we team cut he loose . he 's get a cousin there ... I do not know what he 's go to do ... sofia shit ... what about he family ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 72 . miguel ( he mind somewhere else ) it 's not right . he get injure play for they . they owe he another chance . he 's work too hard for too long ... I mean he 's not a horse . miguel drift off , and they sit in silence for a beat . sofia but you can not let it get to you . you have get nothing to worry about . just keep play well , and thing will be okay . miguel yeah ... I know . thing will be okay . miguel look off , not so sure . 141 int . swing clubhouse - day 141 player lounge in uniform , relax before tonight 's game . Brad read on the sofa across from miguel , who be in he street clothes , he crutch by he side . miguel what be you book ? brad welcome to the terrordome . it 's about sport and politics . miguel you study at , um , university ? brad yeah , I go to Stanford . study history and baseball . do you go to school back in the dr ? miguel yes. Little . secondaria ? brad High school ? miguel yes . a little of ... high school . but I sign when I have sixteen year . brad you sign at sixteen ? wow . so you do not finish school ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 73. miguel shake he head , no . after a beat ... miguel if you no play baseball ... what you do ? brad um ... it 's hard to say for sure , but I like history , so I would probably go to grad school ... maybe teach someday . voice ( o.s. ) Brad ! we be up for b.p . let 's go . Brad get up , tap miguel on the shoulder on he way out . miguel sit alone on the couch in the empty room , when he look off , see ... in the bathroom doorway -- Jeff elk discreetly hand another player a prescription pill bottle , exit . miguel take note of the transaction , lean back , look at the ceiling fan . 142 int . higgins farmhouse - day 142 miguel watch " when the levee break " play on HBO - latino . on the tv , one image of the hurricane 's devastation give way to another . a african - american woman strand on the roof of she house . a young boy who 's lose he mother . miguel look on , move by the tragedy . 143 int . washer / dryer room - day 143 miguel take the initiative and attempt to do he own laundry while on the disabled list . he stuff he clothes into the washer , scrutinize the instruction , turn the knob , and press the button . 144 int . live room - day 144 miguel study he English Language workbook on the couch . he glance at the wall clock . 145 int . kitchen - day 145 as miguel open the faulty utensil drawer , the fold paper towel hold it in place pop out . miguel catch the drawer from slip too far , take out a fork . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 74 . 146 int . kitchen - dusk 146 miguel sit at the kitchen table with the break drawer and several small tool in front of he . he readjust the wooden rail on the faulty side of the drawer by sand they down and re-gluing they into place . knock knock knock . front door . miguel hobble over , open it to find Anne , carry a casserole dish and a couple empty platter . anne this be grandma 's from the other night . miguel let she pass into the kitchen , put the dish on the table . they stand awkwardly for a beat , look at each other . anne we miss you at we meeting , Thursday . miguel sorry . I forget . anne it 's okay , maybe next time . miguel you want sit ? anne I gotta go actually , so -- miguel okay , go . miguel sit , get back to work on the drawer . Anne look at he for a second , then exit . miguel glance out the window , watch Anne climb into a pickup truck idling in the driveway . Anne and miguel make brief eye contact before the truck speed away , a trail of dust follow it into the distance . a146 ext . corn field - dusk a146 miguel walk down a path in the middle of the higgins ' corn field . he find a cob of corn , remove the leave , and examine the kernel up close . zoom in to ecu of a single kernel . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 75 . miguel stare at the raw corn with strange fascination . fade out . 147 int . swing clubhouse - day 147 miguel walk in without crutch , look healthy . he pound a few player hello , then freeze upon see Brad 's empty locker . stu approach miguel ... stu there be a injury to the wichita right -fielder . they call up Brad this morning ... he leave you this ... stu hand miguel a old paperback book . insert : a Spanish - language version of Roberto clemente 's biography . miguel open to the first page , where Brad have inscribe a note , " see you in Kansas City , mamañema ! " miguel smile , bittersweet , when a familiar voice call out ... salvador yo! sugar ! miguel turn around to find salvador torres ( the once scrawny kid from the Academy ) run at he . they hug . miguel Holy shit ! how would you get here ? salvador on a airplane , motherfucker . miguel playfully flip salvador 's cap bill down over he face for be a smartass . stu great , you guy know each other . sal 's we new middle - relief man . throw a nasty cutter . you could learn a thing or two from he , Santos ... miguel okay . stu walk back towards the coaches ' office . salvador what he say ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 76 . miguel ( not sure himself ) do not worry about it ... good to see you . salvador good to see you , too , sugar . ( a beat ) I be a little nervous . miguel look , just remember ... it 's the same game we play back home . same rule , different place . just have fun . it 's only a game . 148 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - night 148 close on miguel swear at himself , clearly not follow he own advice . a runner circle the basis after hit a homerun . jack jefferies ( v.o. ) Santos allow he second homerun of the game . first night off the dl , and not look so sharp . the scoreboard indicate the swing lose 5 - 2 in the 4th . miguel glance out of the corner of he eye to ... the dugout ... stu be scribbling on he scorecard . miguel quickly set up for he next pitch , but stu be on he way out to the mound . miguel glance back to the bullpen , where salvador be warming up . stu signal for salvador to come in , and we follow miguel off the field to scattered applause . a148 in the radio booth Jack jeffery continue he play- by-play of a148 the game . jack jefferies sutton make the call to pull Santos here in the 4th , bring in rookie reliever , salvador torres for he bridgetown debut . b148 in the dugout . miguel sit on the bench , throw a towel over b148 he head . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 77 . on the mound . salvador warm up , look a little freak . player and fan marvel over sal 's unorthodox , side - armed delivery . his form be reminiscent of a 's legend , Dennis eckersly , but without the grace . miguel peak through he towel at the action ... on the field . salvador take a deep breath , deliver he first pitch ... umpire Strike ! salvador seem to relax . wind up he next pitch , and ... ... the ball appear to zig - zag across the plate , freezing the hitter in confusion . umpire Strike two ! miguel can not watch , hide behind the towel again . slow zoom in on miguel 's head , hide . umpire ( o.s. ) Strike three ! miguel remove the towel , see ... ... salvador smile big as he come off the field . Orlando pat he on the back , hand he he first professional strikeout ball . c148 in the radio booth c148 jack jefferies a stellar debut for torres , who record the final out , baffling josh lansford with a nasty side - armed cutter . d148 from the dugout , salvador arrive to a congratulatory stand d148 ovation from the fan and he teammate . stu welcome to America , kid . salvador sit next to miguel on the bench , admire the ball . miguel just do I a favor ... do not give it away to the first white girl you meet . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 78 . salvador laugh , but miguel be serious . he get up and head for the shower . 149 int . higgins car - night 149 helen and Earl drive miguel home after the game . on the car radio , we can hear a news report of a suicide bombing in Iraq . helen turn it down . helen you start drop you arm in the third . I think that be you problem . earl he lose control of he break pitch and they just zeroed in on the fastball , which be not as fast as it use to be . helen Earl ... earl do not matter , he can not understand anyway . miguel stare out the window in the backseat . 150 ext / int . moving bus - dusk 150 close on corn stalk pass through frame . miguel stare out the bus window . salvador joke around with Orlando and Ed about whether dominican or venezuelan girl be better . 151 int . motel room - night 151 miguel try to sleep , while salvador watch " sponge Bob " on the Spanish channel . 152 ext . visiting ball park - afternoon 152 miguel walk out onto the field , notice stu work with salvador in the bullpen . out of nowhere , stu mime the chicken walk to sal , and they both laugh . 153 ext . visiting ball park - dusk 153 miguel run videotape behind homeplate as salvador strike a batter out . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 79 . 154 ext . visiting ball park - night 154 miguel throw in a pitch , which be line directly over he head for a base hit . he swear to himself as he sprint over to back up home plate where the runner score easily . 155 int . visitors ' clubhouse - night 155 miguel storm into the empty clubhouse , grab a bat from the wall rack , and smashes a water dispenser unit to the ground , spilling water everywhere . as he observe the mess , he breathe steady , and ... he glance over to the entrance , where the clubhouse manager stare at he , disapprove . 156 int . visiting coach ' office - day 156 miguel sit across from stu , stare off , embarrassed . stu I know it 's hard when you do not perform up to you own expectation for yourself . but you need to learn self - control . can you understand what I be say ? you need to learn that you action have consequence . so we be gonna take the cost of the water unit you break out of you next check ... that 's not something you family back home 's gonna be too proud of ... be it ? miguel turn he gaze to stu . though he do not fully understand what he 's say , stu 's intention be clear . stu so you should think real hard next time . think about channele that frustration you be feel onto the field . into practice . Channel it into work harder -- miguel -- I be work hard ! everyday I work hard . stu so work harder , goddamnit ! you think you be the only one on this team work hard ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 80 . miguel ( in Spanish ) I do not understand you . you speak too fast . I just do not understand ! stu look , you may think I do not know what you be go through , but I do . I have be on the mound ; I have play through pain . I have be in you exact situation before . I have struggle too ... I have ... as miguel glance away in frustration , stu stop himself . they sit in silence . hold . 157 ext . peoria chief ' park - evening 157 pour rain . the few remain fan head for the exit . the player pack up they gear in they respective dugout . slow zoom in on miguel , stare at the fall rain . 158 int . motel laundry room - night 158 close on about ten pill in miguel 's palm . Jeff elk instruct miguel , alone , in the small room with a flicker fluorescent light . jeff listen , you first time , take a half . okay ? no more . you gotta ease into it . half . miguel nod . jeff and anyone find this , you do not get they from I , okay ? before miguel can respond , salvador enter with he dirty laundry . miguel hide the pill . salvador what 's up ? jeff what 's up , sal ? Jeff head out . miguel resume fold he clothes . salvador do you hear I make player of the week ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 81 . miguel you tell I last night . salvador examine he detergent option from the dispenser machine . salvador which one do you use ? miguel eye the bleach . can not help himself . miguel that one . salvador thanks . salvador insert coin into the machine , pull the bleach lever . 159 int . swing clubhouse bathroom stall - the next evening 159 miguel pop two pill . exit out into the ... 160 swing clubhouse - continuous 160 ... where salvador undress out of he bleach -stain street clothes . miguel walk past without acknowledge he . 161 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - late afternoon 161 the camera eerily float toward and around miguel on the mound . he stare down the hitter , totally focus . he touch he cross , whisper a prayer to himself . wind up , throw , and ... thud ! ... a cloud of dust pop off the catcher 's mitt , just like the old day . miguel 's " stuff " be back . and he know it . a161 in the stand . Earl and helen settle into they box seat a161 eat caramel corn and cola . b161 radio announcers booth . Jack jeffery at the mic ... b161 jack jefferies miguel Santos appear to be in top form tonight , strike out two of three in the first . I do not want to jinx it , but this sure look like the Santos we know earlier this season . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 82. c161 in the dugout . there 's a intensity we have not see before in c161 miguel . we get the sense he 's treat this game like it could be he last . 162 on the mound - 2 nd inning 162 close on miguel . sweating more than he should at this point in the game , but ... ... who care ? he continue to dominate oppose hitter , strike out two more in the 2nd . a162 in the stand . Earl and helen cheer for they miguel . a162 163 in the dugout - later that night 163 still sweat , miguel be now shifting he jaw back - and -forth . the SOUND fade low , as he stare onto the field , see ... ... the team change side between inning , everyone move in subtle slow -motion ( 36 fps ) . stu approach miguel , put he hand on he shoulder . we see he mouth the word , " you okay ? " , but no SOUND come out . miguel nod , yes . 164 back on the field - 5 th inning 164 and back in real time ( 24 fps ) . miguel fire he first pitch over the head of he catcher and all the way to the backstop . Orlando motion for he to calm down . the next pitch be closer , but still high . and the next pitch bean the hitter in the thigh . miguel swear at himself , try hard to calm down , but he heart be racing . a164 in the radio booth a164 jack jefferies top of the fifth and Santos be show some control issue . not sure what 's go on down there , but he seem to be talk to himself . b164 on the mound , Orlando run out to miguel . b164 orlando do not worry about it . you be all good . just relax . throw strike . they can not touch you . just throw strike . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 83. miguel nod . Orlando go back behind the plate . miguel glance to the runner at first , then deliver ... umpire Strike ! Orlando nod , encourage . throw the ball back . miguel take another deep breath . he whisper a prayer to himself , grab the ball in he spike curve grip , and ... ...his next pitch be rocked to deep leave field . miguel immediately lower he head , unable to watch . we hold on he anguish reaction , as the hitter circle the basis . stu shake he head in disappointment . c164 from the bullpen , salvador watch , concerned . c164 d164 from the stand , Earl and helen clap for encouragement . d164 e164 miguel do he best to shake it off , but he keep mutter toe164 himself , which make he look crazy . another deep breath . another pitch ... uh - oh . this one almost find the batter 's head , as he fall to the dirt to avoid contact . it 's on . umpire ( eject miguel ) you be outta here ! the batter leap to he foot , walk out toward the mound , point he finger at miguel , pissed . miguel open he arm , invite a fight . Orlando step between they . batter Fucking Puerto rican piece of shit ! miguel ( in English ) fuck you , cocksucker ! both bench clear , as player rush out onto the field to restore order . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 84 . miguel and the batter continue jaw at each other , while the other player swirl around they , create little sub-conflict of they own . it 's a mess . the sound fade to silence and the image blend to slo -mo again . there 's something poetic about a bunch of man in child - like baseball uniform , scream at each other in silence . miguel look around , perhaps recognize this for himself ... hold , until ... ...he calmly walk off the field , leave the chaos behind . 165 int . swing clubhouse shower - a little later 165 miguel shower alone . 166 int . higgins kitchen - night 166 miguel eat a late dinner at the table . Earl sit at the other end , sip some tea , while helen do dish at the sink . the mood be uncomfortably tense . nobody say a word , until miguel muster up the courage . miguel I be sorry . helen turn off the faucet , turn around . Earl methodically set down he mug , stand up , and cross to miguel . put he arm around he shoulder , wherein ... ... miguel break down , hug Earl around the waist , he face press against he stomach . he 's cry . hold . 167 int . bridgetown swing ball park - coach ' office - evening 167 stu address miguel before the game . though he word be encourage , he tone be detach , cold . miguel sense this , listen , deject . stu you play with you emotion , and you emotion get the best of you . happens to everyone . it 's just a nasty part of the game . nobody like to admit it , but it be . the true test of we character as athlete ... be how we come back . it 's up to you . stu notice hardy , the swing mascot , pass by he office door . stu hardy ! do not wander off ; I gotta talk to you about that accountant ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 85 . 168 ext . bridgetown swing ballpark - night 168 miguel sit out in the bullpen with the other reliever , while stu continue in v.o. stu ( v.o. ) so , um , anyway , I be bump sal into you slot in the rotation . I would like to see how you handle a relief spot . a168 on the mound , salvador fire in the open pitch . a168 b168 in the radio booth , Jack jeffery do he play by play . b168 jack jefferies move up from relief , torres make he third start for the swing . I tell ya , this lanky kid from the dominican Republic have surprised we all with he unique delivery and precision . remind I of a young pedro martinez ... hey there be fan , do not forget , close night be approach fast and ticket be sell out . so pick yours up at the box office today ... 169 in the bullpen 169 similar to a earlier sequence of jumpcut on miguel reacting to the game from the dugout , we now hold on miguel , solemn and detach , from the bullpen . note : the frame for the follow image contain the first 3 - 4 row of fan seat behind the bullpen , so we can also use they to gauge what might be happen on the field . play 1 : miguel , the four reliever , and the fan clap for a nice play . play 2 : the fan jump to they foot as a ground ball pass through frame , follow by a outfielder in hot pursuit . play 3 : a reliever warm up in the foreground . miguel stare ahead , deadpan , while the other chat and spit chew tobacco . play 4 : a new reliever warm up , then run out onto the field , leave only two other with miguel . play 5 : miguel stare ahead , while the crowd do the " Chicken dance " behind he . play 6 : the fan leap to they foot in applause . the two reliever high - five . miguel clap , go through the motion . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 86 . play 7 : miguel chew and spit sunflower seed shell as the fan sing along to " take I out to the Ball game . " play 8 : another reliever run out onto the field , leave only miguel and one other guy . play 9 : miguel be finally warming up , ready to enter the game , but ... ... the fan leap to they foot , cheering victoriously . game over . the only other reliever grab he jacket , and head out onto the field . as the player and fan head for the exit , miguel remain on the bullpen mound for a beat . he nod to himself , oddly at peace with the moment . miguel step off the mound and we pan with he , as he cross frame , and make the long walk to the dugout . hold . 170 int . miguel' bedroom - late afternoon 170 miguel grab a slip of paper from he nightstand . his large duffel bag be pack full in front of he . on the wall , he NYC calendar be turn to august . he go to the phone . dial ... after a long beat he hang up . 171 int . higgins farmhouse - kitchen - evening 171 helen walk in to find miguel wash the dish in the sink . helen oh , honey , you do not have to do that . miguel ( he English better than ever ) no problem . I want to help . helen well , thank you , miguel . helen grab a dish towel . they do the dish together in silence . after a beat ... miguel thank you , helen . helen smile , pat miguel on the back . hold . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 87 . 172 ext . bridgetown swing ball park - early morning 172 Earl drop off miguel near the team bus , as player and coaches load they gear in , and get on . miguel cautiously approach the bus , see salvador , hesitates ... miguel I forget something in the clubhouse . I will be right back . as miguel turn , salvador grab he bag , which be still on he shoulder . salvador here , I will load you bag . miguel grip he bag tighter and the two of they lock eye . salvador sense he intensity , release the bag . miguel back away with salvador look on . ed where 's he go ? salvador bathroom . at the clubhouse entrance miguel turn back to the bus , see ... ... salvador eyeing he from the open bus window . sal raise he hand , very subtly wave goodbye . miguel continue on he way . 173 ext . burlington bus depot - minute later 173 a local taxi pull up , and miguel hop out with he duffel bag . 174 int . bus - day 174 miguel step on , move past the other passengers , find a empty seat towards the back . he sit down , catch he breath , and whisper a prayer to himself . when he 's do , he look across the aisle , where a old lady be stare at he . he shoot she a cautious smile . 175 int . moving bus - day / evening 175 miguel stare , wide - eye , out the window at the shifting landscape , daytime into evening ... -- cornstalk . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 88. -- bridge and river . -- city light . he sleep against the window , he clemente book open on he lap . 176 int . moving bus - later 176 from the New Jersey turnpike , miguel see the approach Manhattan skyline in the early morning light . he sit up straight , look attentively at the city emerge in the distance . 177 int . time square subway station 177 Morning commuter push past miguel , as he look around , lose in the cacophony of the swirl rush hour environment . he locate a giant subway map on the wall , the various subway line reach into the outer borough like colorful tentacles . his eye scan the map , and we follow he finger up the green line 's numbered station , stop on 161st / yankee stadium . miguel smile . at the turnstile . miguel inch forward , observe people pass through after swiping card . he notice a line behind a metrocard vend machine nearby . 178 at the machine - second later 178 fortunately , there be a Spanish option , so after a few touch and beeps , he 's get he card . 179 at the turnstile 179 he swipe the card , try to pass through , but the turnstile will not budge . he study the message : " swipe again at this turnstile " , but can not make sense of it . miguel try again , this time very slowly , but still can not get through . a impatient commuter behind he sigh loudly . miguel step out of the way , let 's the commuter pass . after the commuter go through , miguel try again . 180 int . subway pedestrian tunnel 180 as miguel stroll through the underground hallway that connect the various Times Square subway line , he see ... --a team of breakdancers perform for tip . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 89 . -- billboard ad for movie , music , dermatologist , Met baseball , etc . --a homeless man pass out on the ground . --a woman sell a random collection of object : vhs tape , battery , a use blender ... 181 int . subway train - moving 181 miguel observe other passenger , when the train emerge above ground . he stand , look out the window as the train pass yankee Stadium . 182 ext . 167th ST . - the bronx - day 182 miguel descend from the elevate subway station , glance around . the atmosphere be immediately more familiar , as people walk by speak Spanish ; merengue blast out of a open apartment window ; dominican flag hang from other . miguel pace up the block , look for something . he smile when he find ... ... El restaurante caribe . a help wanted sign ( in English and Spanish ) hang in the window . 183 int . EL restaurante caribe - day 183 miguel take a seat at the counter , smile to the waitress , reyna ( cute , 20 - something , dominican ) . reyna ( in Spanish , of course ) talk to I . miguel be jorge work today ? reyna jorge ? miguel jorge ramirez . a bus boy , rafael , overhear as he pass by . rafael jorge , the ball player ! miguel yeah ! official shoot script as of 10/22/07 90 . reyna oh . the ballpayer ... he leave about two week ago . rafael I think he drive a car now . miguel do you have a phone number for he ? his old one be not work . reyna shrug , look to rafael . rafael ( shaking he head ) sorry ... but I think he be stay down at concourse village on 156th . reyna he still come in to eat sometimes . miguel nod , look off , a little anxious . 184 ext . 156th STREET - day 184 miguel glance up at the dozen of high - rise apartment building in every direction . he walk away , discourage . 185 omitted 185 186 ext . ( another ) STREET - day 186 miguel continue to follow the elevate subway track , which lead he straight to ... ... yankee stadium . he look up at the park 's grand exterior with wonder . approach to get a closer look . the Stadium be close today , so miguel struggle to catch a glimpse of the field through a iron fence . he grab hold of the bar , attempt to climb just enough to get a better view , but ... security guard ( in English ) you wanta see the inside , you gotta buy a ticket , pal . miguel ( jump down ) sorry . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 91 . 187 ext . SOUND view park - late afternoon 187 with he duffel on he lap , miguel sit on a bench overlook a a community baseball field , where local kide play for fun . he stare off blankly , preoccupy with other thing . a188 ext . paradise HOTEL - dusk a188 miguel stand before the old transient hotel . 188 int . paradise HOTEL lobby 188 miguel sidestep a nodd junky on he way to the front desk , approach the toothless Russian clerk , nikolai ( late 5as ) . miguel one room . nikolai for how long ? miguel I do not know . nikolai two hundred a week . first week in advance . as miguel try to piece together what be just say , he notice a rack of condom beside a set of long distance call card on the front desk . the name of the call card be aló mamá ! nikolai two hundred now . miguel reach for the call card . miguel this also please . 189 int . paradise HOTEL hallway - minute later 189 as miguel look for he room , he pass another room 's doorway , where a middle - age JOHN give a woman a kiss goodbye . miguel make brief eye contact with the woman , raquel . she smile . 190 int . paradise HOTEL room 190 miguel turn on the light to find a small bed in the corner of the room . there 's also a desk with a phone . miguel put down he duffel and sit at the desk . he examine the call card for a beat , then go to the window , look out . hold . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 92 . 191 ext . 163rd STREET - next day 191 miguel stroll by various store and restaurant . he pass outside a wooden cabinet store , where 5 - 6 dominican man , range in age from 20 to 50 year old , make furniture in the shop . he stop for a beat , watch the man work . 192 int . cabinet store display room 192 miguel approach a man , osvaldo ( late 5as ) , who work at he desk on the computer . miguel you speak Spanish ? osvaldo of course . miguel be this you place ? osvaldo yeah . can I help you ? miguel glance around at the various wooden furniture item for sale . miguel I like you work . osvaldo thanks . what be you look for ? miguel oh , no , I mean ... I do not know . I be pass by and think maybe you might need some help . I know how to make furniture , and -- osvaldo -- I do not have any work right now . sorry . miguel right . okay , thanks for you time . osvaldo get back to he computer , but miguel linger ... miguel do you know any other place like this where I might find work ? osvaldo have you check the classified ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 93. 193 int . EL caribe restaurant - late afternoon 193 miguel sip soda from a straw as he leaf through the classified in a Spanish - language daily . insert : various employment ad , require experience , fluency in English , work papers , etc . miguel glance up , stare out the window . rafael , the busboy from the other day , wipe down the table next to miguel . rafael if you leave a number , I will give it to he next time he come through . 194 int . paradise HOTEL bedroom - evening 194 miguel brace himself , dial on the phone , wait ... his NYC calendar ( turn to the statue of Liberty month ) hang on the wall in the background . miguel ( into phone ) erica ? a194 we intercut between miguel and he home in the dominican a194 Republic . erica miguel ! my God , where be you ? carmen snatch the phone from erica , who stay close , try to listen in . carmen miguelito , what be go on ? Frank call last night . where be you ? miguel New York . carmen oh , my God ! what be you do in New York ? I do not understand . you team be look for you . miguel I can not play anymore . carmen be you hurt ? what do that mean , you can not play ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 94 . miguel no. I be fine . it just -- carmen we have be work for this you whole life , miguelito . oh , my God ! you be so close . I do not understand ... miguel do not worry , mom . I have some money . we be go to be okay . carmen you have to go back . listen , miguel , my sweet sugar , call Frank . they will take you back . miguel I can not go back -- carmen do I raise you like this ? do I raise you to give up ? miguel I do not give up . I be start something new here . carmen what ? what be you start ? miguel I have to go mom . the card 's almost out of minute . carmen where be you even stay ? miguel -- miguel do not worry . I be stay with a friend . I have a new job . it 's all good . I be send money tomorrow . carmen miguel -- miguel I love you . I be sorry . miguel hang up , stare off . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 95 . 195 int . western union - morning 195 camera track past a long line of immigrant in all shape and size , prepare to wire money back home , wherever that be . minute later . miguel look at the few bill in he wallet , hand two fifty to the teller . 196 int . EL caribe restaurant - day 196 miguel lean over the counter , talk to reyna , the waitress . miguel hey , um , I be in here the other day . reyna yeah , sure , do you find you guy ? miguel no . I be actually look for a job today . she smile , call over to ... reyna Fernando ! ( lean close to miguel ) tell he you like he shirt . reyna move away , and miguel glance over to the approach manager . he 's wear a outrageously colorful tropical shirt . 197 int . EL caribe restaurant - kitchen 197 close on miguel 's hand scraping uneaten food into the trash . his new co-worker , rafael ( the same bus boy from miguel 's first visit ) , show miguel how to use the dishwasher . rafael and then put it in here with the other . miguel put the plate in the large dish washer . rafael when it 's full , set to scrub , and there it be . miguel stare at the machine as it hum and whirs . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 96 . 198 int . EL caribe restaurant - night 198 miguel and rafael sit next to each other in the back , eat dinner . miguel do you know anybody with a room for rent ? rafael shake he head , no . rafael but I will ask around , let you know if I hear of anything . miguel nod , get back to he food . rafael you and jorge use to play baseball together ? miguel yeah , you like baseball ? rafael it 's okay . I would rather watch soccer though ... have you find he yet ? miguel not yet . rafael he will be through sooner or later . miguel how long have you work here ? rafael two year . miguel do you have family here ? rafael no . my wife and kid be still in Mexico . miguel my family 's in the dominican . rafael nod , and they continue eat . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 97 . 199 int . paradise HOTEL room - night 199 loud , overexaggerated sex sound filter in from another room , while miguel read the last page of the clemente biography . after a beat , he close the book , listen . 200 int . wooden cabinet shop - early evening 200 two employees say goodbye to osvaldo as miguel enter the shop . miguel approach osvaldo , who be sand a table . miguel hi , um , do you remember I ? osvaldo yeah , but , sorry , I still do not have a job for you . miguel that 's okay . I already find one . I be actually just try to make a coffee table , and I would like to buy some wood and supplies . osvaldo I do not really sell raw material ... miguel hesitates . miguel I just move here , you know , and I do not have a space to work . do you think I could do some work for you , help you clean up or whatever you need , in exchange for use you shop ? you do not have to pay I . osvaldo size up miguel 's unusual request . osvaldo somebody pay you for the table ? miguel no . it 's a gift for my mom . something I like to do . osvaldo how old be you ? miguel twenty . osvaldo who teach you to make table ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 98 . miguel my dad . he be a carpenter in San pedro . osvaldo be that where you be from ? miguel yeah . osvaldo I grow up in santiago . what be you do in New York ? miguel I come to work . I use to play baseball . osvaldo nod , understanding . osvaldo the whole world play baseball . my son 's sixteen . wo not touch a piece of wood that 's not a bat . I never care for the game , myself . too slow . miguel laugh . osvaldo you mom still in San pedro ? miguel yeah . with my sister and brother . osvaldo so , you be tell I that you want to make a table for you mom , then mail it back to she in the dominican ? miguel nod . osvaldo smile , finally warming up . osvaldo what 's you name ? miguel miguel . they shake hand . osvaldo osvaldo . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 99 . 201 int . EL caribe restaurant - day 201 miguel perform he new work routine : mop floor , wash dish , accept delivery . he seem to be get the hang of thing . 202 int . EL caribe restaurant - later 202 as miguel eat from a heaping plate of beef and mashed yucca , he watch reyna chat up a customer from behind the counter . 203 ext . STREET - night 203 miguel pass a western Union , look inside , but keep go . 204 int . cabinet store - night 204 miguel finish work on he table for the night , cover it with a blanket , and proceed to sweep up . osvaldo work at he desktop computer from across the room . they do not speak . 205 int . paradise HOTEL room - night 205 miguel sit at the desk , talk into the phone . miguel hello ... be sofia at home ?... yeah , it 's miguel again ... can you tell she ... just tell she I call ... miguel hang up . 206 int . laundromat - night 206 miguel lean against the counter , stare at he clothes twirling in the dryer , when ... ...he notice raquel unload she clothes a few dryer away . she push she laundry cart to the opposite side of he counter , begin fold . miguel stare at she out of the corner of he eye , take special notice of she diverse underwear collection range from lacy thongs to the standard cotton variety . she catch he peek . raquel ( with a mysterious Eastern - european accent ) you just go to watch or you go to help I out ? caught off guard , miguel smile awkwardly , turn away . after a few beat , a fly sock land on he shoulder . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 100 . he turn back to find several random item of she clothing on the counter in front of he . she smile , keep fold . miguel sort through the item : sock , underwear , t-shirt . he look back to she , then begin fold , as the laundromat 's machinery reverberate around they . they exchange brief grin . miguel where you from ? raquel Ukraine . miguel nod , and they continue fold in silence . hold . 207 int . cabinet store - night 207 miguel carve wood , while osvaldo look on from he desk . they exchange glance , until miguel break the silence . miguel so you never like baseball ? not even as a kid ? osvaldo it 's okay . sometimes during the playoff I will watch a game or two . miguel who 's you favorite player ? osvaldo I do not know enough to have a favorite . miguel c'mon , everybody have a favorite player : Juan marichal , pedro martinez ? osvaldo Fine . Jose canseco . miguel Jose canseco !? that 's the best you can do ? osvaldo okay , what about you ? miguel Roberto clemente . osvaldo ( push he button ) never hear of he . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 101 . miguel shut up . osvaldo what 's so special about clemente ? miguel I read this book where he say something like , " if you have the opportunity to help someone and do not , then you be waste you life . " and he be a carpenter too . osvaldo get out of here . miguel for real . he use to make furniture during the off season . osvaldo be you fuck with I ? Cause you know I can google this fool right now . miguel Google ? osvaldo the internet . do not worry , I will teach you someday . a beat . miguel continue he work . osvaldo when do you get release ? miguel they do not release I . I leave a few day before the season end . osvaldo you leave ? when be this ? miguel about two week ago . osvaldo Holy shit . where be you stay ? miguel oh , you know , with a friend . but if you know somebody who need a roommate ... official shoot script as of 10/22/07 102. osvaldo nod and they continue work . osvaldo ( after a beat ) why would you leave ? miguel hesitates , unsure where to begin . osvaldo sense he discomfort with the question . osvaldo do you have any family here ? miguel ( shaking he head ) but I be okay ... I have some money save , a couple friend . I will go home to visit soon . osvaldo do not quite buy it , but nod anyway . miguel do you know a place call Ukraine ? 208 int . paradise HOTEL lobby - night 208 miguel attempt to slip past nikolai , who be currently check in another guest , but ... nikolai hey ! you owe money . full week ! miguel I know . I have tomorrow . no problem . nikolai yes , problem . you pay tomorrow or you have big problem . miguel continue up the stair . 209 int . miguel' bedroom - later 209 unable to sleep , miguel lie in bed , stare at the ceiling , when he overhear a commotion from across the hall . after a beat , he hear a door open and slam shut . he go to the door , listen close . it 's quiet , until ... knock knock knock miguel flinch . then slowly crack open the door to find ... ... raquel stand before he with a small leather duffel bag . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 103. raquel ( hand he the bag ) Love , keep this in you room for I . just a few hour . til morning . I will be back . she force the bag into he hand , kiss he on the cheek , and retreat into she own room . miguel close the door , still hold the bag . he set it on he bed , stare at it . after a few beat , he grab it , stuff it under the bed , out of sight . he sit down at the desk , stare at the bed , when he hear shout from the hall . again , he go to the door , listen . another man pound on raquel 's door , scream in ukrainian , while nikolai yell at the man in English , though miguel can not make out exactly what 's go on . the shouting intensify until a scuffle break out . a woman scream . miguel reach for the door handle , but stop himself . he step into he bathroom , shut the door , sit on the toilet . the muffle shout continue . miguel wait . fade out . 210 int . miguel be room - later 210 now quiet , miguel stare at the mysterious bag on he bed , then head for the door with he pack duffel over he shoulder . he put he ear to the door , then exit , leave the other bag behind . 211 int . paradise HOTEL hallway 211 miguel tip -toe down the hall . he stop in front of raquel 's room , lean down , and slide he room key under she door . continue down the hall . 212 ext . STREET - phone booth - early morning 212 miguel dial he call card number into the phone , listen ... miguel Frank ... it 's miguel . we hold on miguel , though we can hear Frank 's muffle voice through the receiver . frank ( o.s. ) Jesus , miguel , what the hell happen ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 104 . miguel sorry for call late . I be in New York . frank ( o.s. ) I hear . you be make I look bad . what be you do there ? miguel I get a job , but I do not know if I be go to stay ... frank ( o.s. ) where you gonna go ? the season 's over ... you visa 's expire . miguel I know , but I think maybe I could ... a beat , as miguel drift off . frank I can talk to alvarez ... but I do not know . nobody 's happy about this . miguel bite he lip . a police siren fly by . miguel I know . sorry . frank ( o.s. ) look , miguel -- miguel hang up the phone . 213 ext . all night cafe - night 213 through the window , we see miguel seat at a corner table . he stare out at the early morning traffic . 214 ext . all night cafe - same angle - early morning - day 214 miguel be asleep at the same table . a waitress come by with a fresh pot of coffee , wake he up . he decline another cup . 215 int . EL caribe restaurant - day 215 exhausted , miguel go through he usual work routine : buss table , wash dish , stock the kitchen ... 216 int . cabinet store - night 216 miguel approach osvaldo with he duffel bag . he look a mess . osvaldo glance up from he work . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 105 . osvaldo hey , miguel . miguel do not respond . osvaldo notice he pack bag and wear expression . both man stare at each other for a long beat . miguel I do not know where to go . osvaldo approach , take the duffel from miguel 's shoulder . fade out . 217 ext . STREET - outside EL caribe restaurant - day 217 now wear a fall coat , miguel cross the street on he way to work , when ... beeeeeep ! ...he 's startle by a loud car horn come from a black livery cab park at the curb . miguel ( give the finger ) fuck you , man ! miguel keep walk , but stop upon hearing ... jorge fuck you too , bro ! miguel turn to find jorge , leaping out of he car , and run at he . they hug . miguel what happen to you ? jorge I ? what happen to you ? miguel I be look for you for week . jorge I know . rafi say you take my old job . welcome to New York ! 218 int . EL caribe restaurant - day 218 jorge eat at the counter , while miguel stand on the opposite side , in he apron . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 106 . jorge I call the higgins to give my new number , but they say you split . I could not believe it , man , I have no idea . miguel thing get a little ugly after you leave . jorge we all go through slump you know . miguel it be not a slump . jorge what be it then ? miguel I do not know , but I be not gonna wait around for they to throw I out . jorge look at miguel for a tense beat . miguel I be just say ... jorge whatever , man , you would not be say that shit if you make it . miguel smile , shrug . reyna ( from across the room ) sugar ! rafi need you in the kitchen ! jorge they call you sugar ? on he way to the kitchen ... miguel what can I say ? the name stick . as miguel slip past reyna on he way to the kitchen , they exchange flirtatious smile . 219 int . uptown club - night 219 merengue fuel the pack club tonight , as the mostly latino crowd get down on the dance floor . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 107 . at the bar . miguel , reyna , jorge , and he girlfriend , monica , drink beer , enjoy the party . jorge they get all kind in this league , bro . like fat cat in they forty , kid like you and I , dominican , Puerto rican , even some white boy . I get this fifty year old catcher on my team , use to play for the dodger . can not run for shit , but he 's out there every week . belly out to here . my man can still go deep though ... you ever hear from that kid , Brad ? reyna lean close to miguel , say something in he ear , and he smile , as she lead he out onto ... 220 the dancefloor 220 ... where they carve up some fast and fierce move . miguel grin wide , have a great time . at this point the sound fade low and the image blend to slow - motion , they body glide through the frame , soothing and peaceful . hold , as Jeff Buckley 's " hallelujah " fade up and carry over ... 221 ext . EL caribe restaurant - morning 221 a delivery man put box on a ramp , which go from he truck down into ... 222 int . EL caribe restaurant basement 222 miguel take the box off the ramp . 223 int . EL caribe restaurant - day 223 miguel and reyna eat together , smile . 224 int . western union - night 224 miguel hand the teller two fifty dollar bill . 225 ext . STREET - night 225 miguel float down the street among a pack block of bronx pedestrian . he blend in now , just another face in the crowd . 226 int . wooden cabinet shop - night 226 osvaldo help miguel work on he coffee table . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 108. 227 int . wooden cabinet shop - later that night 227 osvaldo teach miguel how to use the internet . 228 int . osvaldo' apartment - dine room 228 miguel , osvaldo , and he wife , estella , eat dinner at the table . the music continue under the follow scene ... osvaldo I do some research and I get a new favorite player now . miguel okay , good . osvaldo Vic power . you know he ? miguel shake he head , no . osvaldo you ought to . greatest Puerto rican first baseman ever . but that 's not why he 's my favorite player ... back when he first arrive , 1951 , 52 , he be play in the minor . Little rock , Arkansas . so the story go , one day before a game , Vic stop into this diner for lunch . have not be here long , so he know very little English . do not even notice the " white only " sign hang in the window . and Vic be Black . I look he up on Google . I mean Black like you . so he sit down at the counter and the little waitress come up to big Vic and say , " I be sorry , we do not serve color people . " osvaldo pause for dramatic effect , as miguel and estella eagerly await what come next . osvaldo so he lean close to the waitress , tell she in he best English , " that 's okay , I do not eat color people . " after a beat , estella laugh , but miguel be unsure . osvaldo do he best to explain the joke in Spanish . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 109 . 229 int . osvaldo' apartment - spare room - night 229 a229 we intercut between miguel and carmen in the dominican republic.229 a she sit at she table in the same old house . ( we can see through the window that the new one be still unfinish ) . carmen I get the photo you send , but you will have to send more . miguel okay , mom , but you know it would be a lot easier if you open a email account . carmen email ? I do not even know how to use the tv ! miguel smile . miguel I be make a new table for you . it 's go to be real nice . carmen I be sure I will love it . thank you . miguel how 's erica ? carmen she 's good . get a job at the factory . just part-time , though , so she can keep up with school . miguel remove the phone from he ear for a beat . miguel and Luis ? carmen he 's pitching now . you should see he , miguel , get a arm like he brother . miguel yeah , but can he throw a knuckle curve ? carmen laugh . after a beat ... miguel I miss you , mom . but , I be work hard . I will be home soon . give everyone a hug for I . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 110 . carmen I will , sugar . I love you . miguel I love you , too . she nod , hang up , and look over to ... ... little luis , watch she from across the room . 230 ext . roberto clemente field - bronx - day 230 close on a dominican flag be wave by a toddler . a wider angle reveal he in the pack bleacher with a diverse crowd of fan and friend : dominican , Puerto rican , anglos ... the mood be festive . a vendor sell mango on stick . merengue music blast from a portable stereo in the stand . fan drink presidente beer out of bottle . 231 on the field 231 uniform player of all age , race , shape , and size warm up before the game ( though the majority be dominican ) . jorge introduce miguel ( also in uniform ) to the other player . jorge caballo ! this be miguel from San pedro . caballo the new guy . you ready to pitch ? miguel I think so . caballo it 's be a while , no ? jorge do not worry ; he 's ready . jump CUT to : jorge introduce miguel to ... jorge felipe ! meet miguel . they call he sugar . felipe what 's up , sugar ? official shoot script as of 10/22/07 111. jorge felipe play for the dodger triple - a team . hit a dinger off pedro once . felipe twice . jorge twice . jump CUT to : more intros ... diego I play for the yankee . jump CUT to : jose cub . jump CUT to : adrian padre . jump CUT to : geronimo Kansas City . miguel I too ! bridgetown . geronimo I be there in 96 . I live on a farm . miguel with the higgins ! geronimo yeah ! miguel smile big , just as the umpire call out ... umpire vamo ! let 's play ball ! 232 on the mound - minute later 232 we tilt up from he cleat to reveal miguel look in for the sign from he catcher . he nod . and deliver . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 112. the ball be smacked toward third , where jorge make a awkward lunge for the ball , manage to stop it with he foot . by the time he get he hand on it , the runner have make it to first . the fan and some of the player laugh at jorge 's ugly mistake . old man heckler ( from the stand ) this be not soccer ! you can use you hand ! miguel ( smile ) just like old time . but jorge shrug and laugh it off . no pressure here . it 's only a game . miguel buckle down , deliver a monster fastball . umpire Strike ! he get the ball back , look to the stand , and see ... ... monica wave to jorge at third . miguel 's new friend , osvaldo , be also there with estella . miguel smile to they . miguel fire in the next pitch , even faster , and the batter swing straight through it . umpire Strike two ! he get the ball back , lower he head and whisper a prayer to himself . look back to the runner on second . come to the set position , and ... ... float in a vicious , swoop , knuckle curve , that cause the batter to flinch out of the way , before break back over the plate for ... umpire Strike three ! all the fan and player in attendance go nut over the awesome pitch , as we follow miguel off the field to a mini-stand ovation . he tip he hat to the crowd . just like old time . official shoot script as of 10/22/07 113. 233 in the dugout 233 miguel take a seat as teammate pass through the frame and pat he on the back . the SOUND fade low as we start a slow zoom in on miguel . he take in the moment as we get closer , and he smile give way to a beat of quiet introspection . hold . he look out across the field . clap for encouragement . fade out .