1970 bram Stoker 's C o U N T D R a C U L a cast Count dracula ...................... Christopher Lee Van helsing ............................ Herbert lom renfield .............................. klaus kinski Jonathan harker .................. Frederick willam Dr. seward ............................. Paul muller mina Murray ............................. Maria rohm Lucy westenra ...................... soledad miranda quincey Morris ......................... Jack Taylor over fifty year ago , bram Stoker write the great of all horror storey . now , for the first time , we retell exactly as he write , one of the first -- and still the best -- tale of the macabre . T R a N S y L V a N I a 1 8 9 7 morning the train station at klausenburgh Jonathan harker board the 9:45 train to bistritz man : please . harker : thank you . the train compartment harker attempt conversation with he compartment mate harker : Excuse I , you do speak English ? man : a little but , please , speak slowly . harker : do this train stop in bistritz ? man : yes . I go there myself . harker : well , thank goodness for that . do you live near bistritz ? man : I be travel there on business . harker : so , be i. I be a lawyer ... or rather I hope I be go to be one ... from London . man : whew , from London ! harker : I be go there to visit one of we client . maybe you know he ? Count dracula ? man : ( gasp ) harker : do you know he ? man : my dear sir , may God preserve you because , if you go to visit Count dracula , you may need God 's help . that evening a Inn at bistritz harker be greet by the innkeeper Vladimir and he wife greta vladimir : be you the English ...? harker : Jonathan harker . vladimir : we have strict order from the Count to look after you . a place have be reserve for you on the stagecoach tomorrow . and the count 's own carriage will meet you at the borgo 's pass . greta : Vladimir . harker : be anything the matter ? vladimir : oh , no , sir . you bedroom be ready upstairs . and we have prepare some food for you . harker : thank you but I be feel very tired . I will be go to bed early . vladimir : very good , sir . harker go up to he room that night harker 's bedroom at the Inn awaken by a storm , harker see greta stare at he harker : who 's there ? harker pursue greta harker : what do you want ? greta : Excuse I , sir , I want to talk to you , but my husband say I should not . but tomorrow ... tomorrow night , it 's St. George 's night . harker : what of it ? greta : when the clock strike midnight , all the evil of the world circle around we . Sir , do you know where you be go and what you be go to ? vladimir : greta ! greta : I must go . the next morning at dawn outside the Inn harker board the carriage to borgo 's pass harker : good morning . well , I rather miss you last night . man : I choose other company , sir . harker : why do you look at I so strangely ? why do everybody look at I like that ? man : because tonight be St. George 's night and ... harker : and what else ? man : they know you destination . exit coach several hour later the coach to borgo 's pass harker : Excuse I , how far be it to the borgo 's pass ? man : we will be there by nightfall . harker : and from the pass to Count dracula 's castle ? man : you would best ask whoever meet you , sir . to tell the truth , I have never see the place and , please God , I never shall . nightfall borgo 's pass the coach arrive coachdriver : this be the borgo 's pass . man : May God protect you , sir . harker dismount the coach hurry on a carriage approach driver : the night be cold and my master , the Count , bid I take all care of you . Driver offer harker a flask of alcohol harker : no , thank you . I do not need it . driver : as you wish . but it give both warmth and courage . harker mount the carriage offstage : Wolf call harker see wolf follow the carriage suddenly , the carriage stop the driver dismount , raise he arm and shoos the wolf away the carriage continue on later Castle dracula harker arrive at the castle dracula : welcome to my house . harker : Count dracula ? dracula : I be dracula . enter freely and of you own will . harker enter castle dracula : it be late and my servant have go to bed . I will see to you comfort myself . dracula show harker to bedchamber dracula : you will need to refresh yourself after you journey . I trust that you will find everything you require . dracula pass in front of a mirror harker note that dracula cast no reflection dracula : I shall await you pleasure . later the parlour harker dine while converse with dracula harker : you do not dine , sir ? dracula : I have already dine . harker : I hope you will find everything in order . the purchase document duly receipt , the title deed to the house , the plan . the house be in poor condition but it stand back well away from the main road to London , completely isolate , just as you require . it be strongly build but it have remain empty for quite a long time . dracula : yes . yes , a empty house . it be exactly what I require . harker : have you live here for many year ? dracula : all my life . dracula and harker retire to chair before a fireplace dracula lift papers , and a photo fall out dracula : you wife ? harker : no , I be not marry yet , but the lady on the leave be my fiance . dracula : and the other ? harker : miss Lucy westenra , she close friend . dracula : charm . harker : thank you . forgive I for ask , sir , but why do you plan to live in England ? dracula : I be not young and yet I be restless . harker : and what about this great castle ? it be , I presume , the family home ? dracula : true . the shadow of my past remain here . we be the second magyar . we have a right to be proud for in we flow the blood of many brave race . the blood of attila be in this vein . to we be entrust for century the guardian of we land . the lombard , the bulgar , the Turk pour they thousand against we frontier . we drive they back . the draculas have ever be the heart 's blood , the brain , the sword of we people . one of my race cross the danube and destroy the turkish host . though sometimes beat back , he come again and again against the enemy . but , at the end , he come alone from the bloody field for he alone could triumph . this be a dracula indeed . but now , the wind blow coldly through the break battlement . although this be my home , I must move on . harker : I do not regret my journey , but surely the post might have serve you much easier and far cheaper . dracula : if I be to begin a new life in a new land , I must learn something of its people from such as yourself . you be my honoure quest . offstage : Wolf call dracula : listen to they ... child of the night . what music they make ! but you be weary . you shall sleep late . harker : you be most gracious , but my employer , you solicitor , expect I back in London . dracula : we shall see . but for now , you be here at my invitation ... nay , at my command . come . do you enjoy the chase , Mr. harker ? harker : I have never have the opportunity . dracula : the great of all sport . you have the power of life and death over a live be . dracula show harker back to he bedchamber dracula : good night , Mr. harker . harker 's bedchamber harker open a window offstage : the sound of bat wing harker try the door but it be lock bat fly outside the window harker lie on he bed during the night outside the castle wall a woman cry woman : where 's my baby ? I want my baby back ! I want he back ! please , help I ! please ! give my baby back . give he back ! give he back . harker 's bedroom harker lie sleep enter three vampiress first vampiress : you be first and we shall follow . second vampiress : your be the right to begin . third vampiress : he be young and strong ; there be kiss for we all . enter dracula dracula : back ! back ! this man belong to I ! first vampiress : he be ours . we find he first . baby : ( cry ) vampiress run to baby in bag . the next morning harker awaken , look out window , and see dracula climb up the castle wall harker feel two mark on he neck , climb out he bedroom window , crawl along a ledge and enter another window the crypt harker open dracula 's coffin vampiress : ( whisper from they coffin ) Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan ! dracula : this man belong to I ! harker leap out the window and fall to the ground below ************************************ L o N D o N many week later a room at Van helsing 's Clinic Dr. seward attend to harker as he awaken from coma seward : good morning . harker : where be I ? who be you ? seward : I be Dr. seward , and this be Professor Van helsing 's private clinic not far from London . harker : how do I get here ? seward : you body be find in a mountain stream , 200 km from budapest . harker : and what of Count dracula ? I escape from he castle but he follow I with the other disquise as bat -- giant bat -- with great tooth wait to draw blood ! I do not dream it ! the bat be real -- as big as man ! why do not you believe I ? seward give harker a sedative harker : what be you do ? harker sleep enter Van helsing seward : ah , professor . helsing : have you make inquiry ? seward : this young englishman , Jonathan harker , have be report miss some week ago . some friend of he be on they way to London to identify he and see what they can do . helsing : I see . do he speak ? seward : a little ... not much . he keep mumble something about a certain Count dracula . helsing : dracula ! offstage : a man scream seward : that 's renfield again . helsing : see to it . seward : yes , professor . exit seward Van helsing examine harker 's neck and note mark renfield 's cell renfield eat a dead fly enter seward and attendant seward : good morning , renfield . what be it , renfield ? renfield , nobody 's go to hurt you . renfield look out bar window across the lawn to carfax Abbey seward : what be it , renfield ? ah , yes , somebody 's buy the old house . attendant : it 's be empty long enough . seward : renfield , nobody 's go to hurt you . let he be . I will see he again later . exit seward and attendant . renfield watch carfax as crate be unload the next morning train Station mina and Lucy arrive attendant : miss Murray ? mina : yes ? attendant : I be order to drive you to the clinic . this way , please . mina , Lucy and attendant enter carriage man : Van helsing 's Clinic . drive on . Van helsing 's Clinic mina and Lucy step out of the carriage lucy : mina , look ! what 's that ? a dog ( wolf ? ) growl at mina and Lucy mina : a dog , silly . Van helsing 's foyer enter Lucy and mina and attendant attendant : Professor Van helsing 's assistant await you upstairs . I will take care of the luggage . mina : thank you . exit mina and Lucy upstairs harker 's room seward open the door enter mina and Lucy mina : Jonathan ! Jonathan . harker : mina . Lucy . offstage : renfield scream mina : Jonathan , what be this place ? seward : please , he must rest . I urge you not to show he that you be alarmed . mina : I want to know what be wrong with he . seward : we specialize here in the treatment of the mentally disturb . mina : you mean you think Jonathan 's mad ? offstage : renfield scream lucy : ( faint ) Van helsing 's parlour Lucy lie on couch mina and Van helsing attend she helsing : you friend be in need of attention . she should not have be allow to travel . mina : she insisted on come with I . could not you help she , professor ? helsing : it would perhaps be best if she stay here . Dr. seward and I could look after she . mina : in that case , I shall stay here , too . helsing : very well , I shall have room prepare for you both . mina : Professor Van helsing ? helsing : yes ? mina : Jonathan be sane , completely sane . helsing : it 's not quite as simple as that . there be no doubt that he have suffer a shock of some kind . the result be that either he be subconsciously relate a nightmare or he 's lie . mina : Jonathan would not lie ! and he 's not mad ! helsing : then perhaps you can persuade he to remember what really happen because without ... lucy : ( sigh and wake up ) mina : Lucy ! lucy : mina , forgive I . I be so stupid to faint . mina : oh , I should not have let you come . the long journey ... and now this . enter attendant attendant : Sir ? helsing : prepare two room for the lady on the ground floor . attendant : yes , sir . exit attendant helsing : I should warn you . I have a number of patient here who must be keep in close confinement . do not , on any account , venture beyond the first floor , please . well , I shall leave you . you must both be tired after you journey . you room will be ready soon . exit Van helsing that evening Lucy 's bedroom Lucy sleep as a bat flit outside the window dracula : ( whisper from offstage ) Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy awaken dracula : Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy get out of bed dracula : Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! exit Lucy enter mina mina : Lucy ? Lucy ? Lucy ? exit mina Van helsing 's foyer Lucy exit the front door dracula : ( whisper from offstage ) Lucy ! enter mina mina : Lucy ? Lucy ? Lucy ? mina exit the front door Lucy walk toward carfax Abbey mina follow Lucy mina see dracula hold Lucy , then see dracula 's shadow the shadow suddenly disappear mina run to Lucy lie on the ground later Lucy 's bedroom mina and seward attend to Lucy seward : you say you think you see a man ? mina : I be mistaken . seward : and this two spot ? mina : there be a pin which hold she wrap . seward : perhaps you prick she by accident . she appear to be suffer from a very considerable loss of blood . I shall have to consult Professor Van helsing . her condition be serious . mina : I blame myself . Doctor ... seward : I do not want to alarm you but have she any relative ? mina : none , but she 's engage quite recently to a young baron , quincey Morris . seward : perhaps you should send he a telegram . the next day the Van helsing foyer Dr. seward open the front door to quincey Morris morris : Professor Van helsing ? seward : no , I be Dr. seward . how do you do ? morris : my name be quincey Morris . I be miss westenra 's fiance . seward : oh , I see . please , come in . take off you coat . morris : I come as soon as I hear . seward : I be glad you come . we be do we best but ... morris : but be not there anything I can do for she ? enter Van helsing helsing : yes , you can give she a transfusion of you blood . come . I be Professor Van helsing . morris : quincey Morris . exit Van helsing , Morris and seward a few hour later Lucy 's bedroom seward finish give Lucy a transfusion of Morris 's blood helsing : now , I think she have a chance . we will just have to wait and see . that night Lucy 's bedroom a bat flit outside Lucy 's window dracula : ( whisper from offstage ) Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy awaken dracula : Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy ! Lucy open the window enter dracula dracula : ( drink from Lucy 's neck ) Lucy fall to floor Van helsing 's parlour Morris , asleep on couch , be awaken by a thud exit Morris to Lucy 's room Lucy 's bedroom Lucy lie on the floor enter Morris morris : Lucy ! Morris close window , pick up Lucy and place she in bed the next morning offstage : renfield scream Clinic hallway harker walk down hall toward renfield 's cell harker open peephole see renfield crouch at window enter attendant attendant : what be you do here ? I be afraid you be not allow in this part of the house . come along . come on . exit harker and attendant Van helsing 's Office Morris and mina talk with Van helsing mina : Professor , you must do something . you can not let she die through ignorance . helsing : ignorance ? perhaps , my dear , not so much ignorant as afraid ... of admit my own suspicion . offstage : renfield scream helsing : the man whose voice you hear be once as sane as you or I . he have a daughter , young and beautiful . together they be travel in transylvania . they stop in a town call bistritz . one night , the girl be find unconscious in she bed , half dead from loss of blood . Day by day , like the fly who be the spider 's prey , she grow weaker . the father watch and wait by she bedside till one night , when she be close to she end , the neighbor hear a terrible shriek . they find the daughter dead and the father as he be now . morris : true , there be some similarity in the case , but that be no explanation . helsing : perhaps not but , you see , all my life I have make a study of what some people call the " black art " . that 's why renfield be admit to my care . and also Jonathan harker . the mountain in the north of transylvania be rich in legend , yet behind the legend -- behind the fantasy -- there be certain fact . occasionally , a glimmer of the truth reach we . I think that Jonathan have see some of that truth . enter harker harker : then why do not you believe what I tell you about Count dracula ? mina : Jonathan ! oh , Jonathan ! helsing : I can not tell you . I dare not ! that evening renfield 's cell renfield watch carfax Abbey from he bar window the crypt at carfax Abbey dracula awaken from he coffin renfield 's cell renfield work free the window bar and jump from three storey up , break a arm that night Lucy 's bedroom mina bring a drink to Lucy in bed mina : Lucy , sweet . now , you drink this . offstage : a door creak shut mina : who 's there ? who 's there ? exit mina enter dracula dracula : ( drink from Lucy 's neck ) enter mina , see dracula mina : ( scream ) exit dracula as bat enter seward and Morris mina : she 's dead ! Lucy 's dead ! she 's dead ! enter Van helsing helsing : but you be still alive . it be a sign . perhaps it 's not too late for I to act . later Van helsing 's Study seward , Morris , mina and harker confer with Van helsing helsing : in my search for the secret of the black art , this be what I find and what concern we now . Van helsing open a book helsing : May I ? " known through legend in such diverse country as Greece , Rome , France , India and even China , he doth fatten upon the blood of the live . he can by such nourishment even grow young . he throw strange shadow when he walk upon the earth . he can transform himself to dog , to bat , to other kind of beast . he life by night for by day he must conceal himself within he grave . that upon whom he nourish himself sicken and die and then become like he , vampire themselves . his name be dracula . harker : why can not this man be arrest ? helsing : you underestimate Count dracula . what good be law against someone who can set himself above the law ? offstage : Wolf call helsing : his spirit be all around we . some of we be completely within he power . morris : Professor , you know so much about the black art . suppose you too be dracula 's servant ? helsing : I have never meet the Count , and yet I feel I know he better than my own soul . the next day Lucy 's funeral several evening later the Park a child wander from she friend . enter Lucy lucy : come here . come here . exit Lucy and child the next morning Van helsing 's Study Van helsing read at he desk enter mina with tea and newspaper helsing : ah , good morning , my dear . you have become not only a nurse but a servant . I shall miss you when you leave London . mina hand Van helsing the newspaper helsing : thank you . how 's Jonathan this morning ? mina : much better . helsing : good , good . mina : I think it help he beyond measure be able to tell you he story and to know that , however fantastic , you be prepare to admit it could be true . helsing : indeed , I only wish it be not because ... great heaven ! it be just as I fear ... a child find dead . mina : where ? helsing : near here . near the church . last night . enter harker and Morris helsing : yes ? ah , gentleman , I shall need you help . morris : whatever we can do . helsing : come , sit down . I shall want you to accompany I this evening . we be go to visit miss Lucy westenra 's grave . just after midnight outside Lucy 's crypt enter Van helsing , Morris and harker morris : Van helsing , as I tell you this afternoon , I be not afraid of any danger but this be ... helsing : what if I tell you that you may be save the life of score of other child ? morris : you mean Count dracula may be hide here ? helsing : worse than that . Far worse . the nice and innocent girl you love . morris : you be mad ! Lucy , the killer of child ? helsing : be brave . before the night be out , if she spirit be to be save , you must obey I absolutely ! Van helsing , Morris and harker enter Lucy 's crypt Inside Lucy 's crypt harker open Lucy 's coffin helsing : one o'clock . open it . the coffin be empty helsing : so far , I be right . several hour later Inside Lucy 's crypt Van helsing , Morris and harker wait helsing : another few minute . morris : look , it will soon be light . helsing : it will not be long now . remember what I tell you . enter Lucy helsing : now ! you spade . do as I say . open it . open Lucy 's coffin Van helsing drive take through Lucy 's heart . helsing : use you spade , man ! Morris cut off Lucy 's head with spade that morning renfield 's cell seward attend to renfield seward : renfield , relax . please , relax . renfield , relax . please , relax . it 's pass . renfield , it 's pass . look at I . can you understand I ? renfield , look at I . can you understand I ? renfield : ( nod ) seward : my god , you can . whatever you sickness be , it 's pass . now then , tell I what you know . come on , tell I what you know . come on , that 's it . tell I . go on . early that evening Van helsing 's Study Van helsing , seward , Morris , mina and harker confer helsing : whether by accident or design , it would appear that we foe be closer than we think . harker : it 's my fault , professor . I never think to connect the property buy by the Count with this place . but , that case we see deliver ... that must have be the same case I see in the vault beneath Count dracula 's castle . he use they to transport himself to England . helsing : and now they provide he hide place by day whereas at night ... clock strike 6 pm harker : if we be go to find he , we must hurry . mina : oh , Jonathan ! morris : do not worry . this time I have come prepare . helsing : I have two better weapon . take this . Van helsing hand they each a crucifix helsing : against they , Count dracula be powerless . harker : be we ready ? then , let 's go . exit harker , seward and Morris mina : Professor , I should like to talk to this man , renfield . he could be the key to Count dracula . helsing : very well , you may see he . but not alone . he may reveal more to you than to we . enter attendant helsing : take this young lady to renfield . do as I say . exit mina and attendant Van helsing appear sicken and collapse a short while later carfax Abbey Morris , harker and seward break into carfax Abbey morris : ( point to outline of dirt on the floor ) look ! seward : a case must have stand here . maybe we be too late . stuff wild animal begin to howl and advance harker : watch out ! enter dracula renfield 's cell mina address renfield mina : I know how you try to help . perhaps you could tell we more . carfax Abbey dracula : kill . renfield 's cell renfield attempt to choke mina carfax Abbey harker pull out cross dracula turn away stuff animal stop advance renfield 's cell renfield stop choke mina carfax Abbey harker : we must sanctify this place as Professor Van helsing tell we . renfield 's cell attendant place renfield in strait jacket attendant : I would like to see you find you way out of that , my lad . several week later the Opera mina sit in a private box a London Street dracula pass hooker hooker : even , you honour . Care for a little fun ? dracula walk on a carriage approach bear harker and Morris harker : that man ! it look like the Count but young ... much young . morris : you eye be play trick . they be wait for we . come on . come on . harker and Morris enter embassy Inside the embassy Morris and harker be greet by Van helsing in wheelchair helsing : Mr. harker , Mr. Morris , I want you to meet my good friend , the home secretary . secretary : good evening . morris : good evening . harker : good evening , sir . morris : thank you for receive we , sir . for a moment the other night , we think the professor be , as the Americans say , a " goner " . helsing : ah , a slight stroke . but , although my leg be a little uncertain , I trust my intellect be not a goner . secretary : a watch be now be keep on every mean of exit from the country . a description of the wooden case in which we believe , so the professor tell I , the Count may be conceal himself have be circulate , too . enter courier courier : ( give telegram to harker ) morris : some news , perhaps ? harker : I do not understand . it 's from mina . something about the opera ... and a ticket . helsing : you let she leave the house without a escort ? harker : I send no ticket . helsing : you excellency , we shall have to act at once . this may be the work of dracula himself . the Opera mina sit alone in she box enter dracula moment later the Opera mina lie on floor enter Morris and harker see bite on she neck harker : a doctor ! someone call a doctor ! for God 's sake , be there a doctor here ? later that evening a London dockyard sailor sit before a fire seaman : and then I tell she I have have enough . sailor laugh enter dracula dracula : you ! seaman : what do you want ? dracula : you master , quickly . quickly ! enter Captain dracula : you be the captain of the czarina Catherine ? captain : I be . dracula : you sail for the mouth of the danube on the morning tide ? captain : what if I do ? dracula : you have some cargo and a passenger . captain : where be he ? dracula : myself ...to varna . captain : we do not go to varna . dracula : ( toss Captain a bag of money ) captain : to varna . meanwhile renfield 's cell seward address renfield , still wear strait jacket seward : what be it ? what happen , renfield ? renfield : varna . varna . seward : varna ? late that night Van helsing 's Study Van helsing , Morris , harker consult map harker : varna . morris : yes , here it be . it 's a small port on the Black Sea . harker : I have get it . look . he could travel from there to transylvania . but with a load like that , it would take he three week . helsing : you could get to the castle first ... in one week . sanctify every grave . leave it barren and useless as a refuge before he arrive . harker : if we go , what about mina ? helsing : I shall guard she with my life . renfield 's cell seward attempt to awaken renfield seward : Dead ? very late that night Van helsing 's Study Van helsing read while mina sleep on couch offstage : sound of door close helsing : who be there ? enter dracula helsing : you ! all my life I have study the black art . it 's strange to finally confront the Prince of darkness himself . dracula : you have learn much . you can do nothing . dracula advance toward mina Van helsing grab a poker from the fireplace and burn a flame cross in the carpet exit dracula ********************************* T R a N S y L V a N I a two week later the crypt at Castle dracula harker and Morris stake the three vampiress harker sanctifies dracula 's tomb harker : now then , there 's only one task leave ... to find dracula himself . L o N D o N Van helsing 's Study Van helsing read while mina lie on couch mina : be there any news ? helsing : not yet . mina : tell I , professor . if the Count be on he way home , what have we to fear ? helsing : mina , my dear , whilst the Count life , time and space have little meaning . we can only pray . T R a N S y L V a N I a a few day later Castle dracula enter gypsy carting dracula in he coffin harker and Morris drop boulder from castle wall gypsy retreat harker and Morris open dracula 's coffin and set it afire dracula die the end