this script be transcribe by BJ kuehl . any correction should be send to she at bj@csd.uwm.edu . 1979 D R a C U L a cast Count dracula ......................... Frank langella abraham Van helsing ................. laurence olivier Lucy seward ............................ kate nelligan mina Van helsing ......................... Jan Francis Dr. Jack seward ..................... Donald pleasance Jonathan harker ........................... trevor Eve milo renfield ....................................... sundown a schooner from varna seamen attempt to toss overboard a crate label ' Count dracula , whitby , Yorkshire , England ' a wolf leap from the crate that night billabeck Hall sanitorium Dr. seward race through a ward of agitate mental patient seward : swale , for God sake , give this poor wretch some laudanum to calm they shattered nerve . swale : they will not take nothing , Dr. seward . I can not do anything . annie : Dr. seward ! Dr. seward , where 's miss Lucy ? where 's miss Lucy to help with my baby ? seward : Mrs. callaway , where be my daughter ? callaway : miss Lucy 's upstairs in the house , sir , look after that friend of hers . lucy : how can she abandon we ? swale , I be come down . Lucy 's bedroom Lucy and mina prepare for bed lucy : " ... but anyway , you need not worry . as soon as you finish law school , I be sure we firm will hire you in a second . " mina : hey ! lucy : " you will make a beautiful addition to the firm of snodgrass , shill and wollop . " the storm blow open the window mina : good Lord ! be it all right ? lucy : yes ...yes . mina : you know , Lucy , you be so much brave than I be ... take on all that man like that . lucy : but do not you think we ought to have some influence , some say on thing ? after all ... lucy & mina : ... we be not chattel ! mina : no , I know we be not . enter Mrs. callaway callaway : Lucy ! lucy : yes ? callaway : you father say he need you in the ward right away . lucy : yes , I be come . exit Mrs. callaway mina : oh , do you have to go now Lucy ? lucy : yes. into bed . mina : all right . thank you . lucy : now remember , mina . if you do not rest , you will be stick in this bedroom all winter . mina : yes , you be quite right . you go down to they . I will be fine . lucy : good night , darling . mina : good night . the sanitarium Ward seward pace among the agitate patient enter Lucy seward : Lucy , we have get we work cut out for we . lucy : I be sorry , poppa , but mina be not feel at all well tonight . seward : I know she 's we friend but really mina 's never feel very well . lucy : now father , that 's not fair . we invite she for she health and we have to look after she . enter Annie and she baby lucy : oh , Annie , do not worry , I will take he . let I take he , darling . there we be . oh , it can not be as bad as that . offstage : Church bell annie : bell ! seward : what ? bell ? annie : hollow bell ... listen . swale : sunken bell ! seward : sunken bell ? be you mad , swale ? lucy : it 's just the church bell to warn the ship , that 's all . Lucy 's bedroom mina , awaken by the bell , go to the window , see schooner about to beach and run down to the beach a wolf jump from the schooner deck mina folow the wolf into a cave where she find a man lie on the ground she go to he the next morning the beach villager remove item from the beach schooner man : that 's it . a little bit more . come on , you two , get you hand out of yur pocket . no , no , no . tell they woman to get out of the way . Jonathan harker drive up police : sorry , no one allow on board harker : I have get business on board . police : what sort of business ? harker : I be a solicitor , Jonathan harker , and I have be on the road all night from London . seward : Jonathan ! it 's all right . let he pass . police : right . carry on . seward : what the devil be you do here ? harker : we firm be telegraphed yesterday that this ship have be sighted a week early . the man we represent in the purchase of carfax Abbey , Count dracula ... seward : Count dracula , of course ! how stupid of I ! I almost forget ... harker : be he safe ? seward :... in all this ... who ? harker : dracula ! seward : oh , yes , he 's the only one who be . Young mina find he on the beach last night , and we take he to carfax . as for the rest of the crew ... look . harker look at sailor with he throat tear open harker : what happen ? seward : we do not know . maybe the ship 's log will tell we . enter harbourmaster harker : Excuse I , be all this cargo the Count 's ? harbourmaster : well , there 's more down below . but the rest of the crate break up on they rock . seem to be some kind of dirt . harker : dirt ? what for ? enter renfield renfield : whatever it be , I will take it . I will put it on I wagon . harbourmaster : you can not do that , renfield . the Count 's not here to sign for they , and they stay here until he come round himself . harker : I be sorry , harbourmaster , but the rights of this ship be already completely sacrifice since the tiller of this vessel be hold in a dead hand . now , where 's the rest of dracula 's baggage ? I would like to inspect that as well . harbourmaster : come this way . renfield : harker , you sell I house right out from under I , and you sell that poor old Count a right bill of goods with you fancy silver tongue ! seward : renfield ! renfield : I have half a mind to tell dracula he 's be take good . seward : Mr. renfield , I wonder if I could impose upon you to ask the Count when he rise if he would join we for dinner tonight at billabeck Hall ? renfield : what ? at the loony bin ? seward : at my home , Mr. renfield ! renfield : well , I will give he the message but I do not think he will be in the mood for any fancy socialize . later the road from billabeck Hall Lucy and mina depart in a carriage while harker and seward arrive in harker 's car lucy : Jonathan ! thank God you be here . Lucy hug harker seward : there , there , that 's enough of that . save that for after you be marry . lucy : I can not tell you how dreadful it 's be ! mina go ... harker : slow down , Lucy , Lucy , Lucy , Lucy , Lucy , slow down . I have to come up here to meet you new neighbor . lucy : it be terrifying ! mina find he wash up on the beach . it 's a miracle he 's not dead . harker : God , you look lovely , Lucy ! lucy : I look dreadful . I have not be to bed all night . sundown carfax Abbey renfield drag crate of dirt into the Abbey dracula rise from another crate renfield : this be the last one and lucky for you cause I be not a bloody machine . dracula change into bat and fly at renfield that evening the seward parlour Lucy , mina , seward , harker and swale share drink before dinner seward : ... push along by the storm , no doubt . harker : no storm could have cause that captain 's throat wound . I have never see anything so ghastly . lucy : please , Jonathan , not before dinner . harker : sorry . mina : and Dr. seward , that wolf or dog or whatever it be ? seward : a dog , I be sure . probably the ship 's mascot . swale : early this morning , that big dog belong to dussman be find dead as a doornail . have it 's throat tore away . harker : tore away ? swale : aye . by some savage claw , they say . enter butler butler : Count dracula . enter dracula dracula : good evening . miss seward . seward : good evening , Count . dracula : Dr. seward . miss Van helsing , my saviour . I trust you be feel improve . mina : yes , thank you . lucy : I do not think she look well at all . dracula : well , perhaps a trifle pale . harker : Count dracula , we have have not actually meet . seward : this be ... dracula : yes , Jonathan harker , my new English solicitor . I have enjoy we correspondence . harker : as I have , too , I must say . dracula : I must thank you for find I a extraordinary house here on whitby . harker : it 's a pleasure . lucy : ( laugh ) I be sorry , but I do not see how anyone , except possibly milo renfield , could spend even a day at carfax Abbey . dracula : a house , miss seward , can not be make habitable in a day . and , after all , how few day go to make up a century . lucy : I be sorry , I do not understand . dracula : I be of a old family . to live in a new house would be impossible for I . enter swale swale : I have get dinner hot , if anybody care . harker : I care , Mr. swale . come on , Lucy . exit harker and Lucy seward : come along , Count . food . exit seward dracula : miss Van helsing ? exit mina and dracula the seward dining room seward , Lucy , harker and mina discuss the beach schooner with dracula dracula : it be difficult for I to express precisely , but there seem to be a doom over the ship from the moment we leave varna . seward : Count , some wine ? you have not ... dracula : no , thank you , I never drink wine . lucy : before you arrive , we be look at the ship 's log . dracula : it be not lose at sea ? lucy : no . the very last entry be a strange word , a word that mina think mean ' undead ' . dracula : undead ? lucy : yes. ' nosferatu ' . dracula : ah , it mean ' not dead ' . lucy : you be right . dracula : no , with you permission and all due respect , miss Van helsing ... swale attempt to remove dracula 's full dinner plate dracula : yes , I be quite through , thank you ... there be a distinction . the word ' not dead ' carry the simple meaning ... swale : damn ! swale lick blood from a cut finger dracula watch intently mina : dead...undead ... I do not care . they all frighten I . lucy : oh , I love to be frighten . dracula : do you ? later the seward parlour harker and Lucy dance mina pour coffee for seward and dracula dracula : this be write in a obscure regional dialect . the captain be a magyar . I be shekyl . unfortunately , I cannot translate it for you . seward : magyar . shekyl . I have no idea , Count , that you country be so complex . dracula : oh , we be doctor . indeed , it 's very very complex . mina : coffee ? seward : umm . so , you have come to England , Count , to settle down ? dracula : settle down ? no , hardly . I have come to wander through the crowded street of London . or to be here in the midst of the whirl and rush of humanity , to share its life , its change , its death . mina : you have a great lust for life , Count . dracula : how well you phrase it . mina : ( faint ) lucy : mina ! mina : oh , I be all right . I be all right , I be just dizzy . seward : swale , get the laudanum . dracula : no , no drug . you must not pollute she blood . put she here , on the couch . forgive I , Doctor . you see , in my country we be a simpler people . the strain of the last day have be too much for you , miss Van helsing . and I be the cause , I fear . mina : no , no , no . it 's just this ... this pain in my head . it run down here into my neck . dracula : I can remove this pain . seward : yes , and so can i. swale , get my ... dracula : such pain yield readily to suggestion . harker : if you mean hypnotism , she would be better off have the pain . lucy : why ? dracula : I suspect Mr. harker think of some ugly wave of arm . that be not my method . now , look at I . when I will you to do a thing , it shall be do , here and always . from now on , you have no pain . lucy : and no will of she own , either . seward : Lucy ! dracula : I admire you candor , miss seward . it be precisely the kind of stimulate encounter I would hope to find here in England . harker : indeed . dracula : yes , indeed . I despise woman with no life in they . no blood . when you awake , you will remember nothing . mina : ( wake ) . good Lord , be it something that I say ? dracula : well , Mr. harker , come . we must talk seriously . I want to sign the deed to my new home here in England . harker : of course . lucy : tonight , I will not hear of it . this be mean to be a party to welcome we new neighbor . come , Count , come and dance with I . dracula : but I hardly know ... lucy : it do not matter . I will teach you . dracula : I mean I hardly know you . lucy : nonsense . Lucy and dracula dance as harker frown that night Lucy 's bedroom Lucy get out of bed while mina sleep on the seward parlour enter Lucy on tiptoe lucy : ( whisper ) Jonathan ? Jonathan ? enter harker harker : booo ! lucy : oh , my God , Jonathan , do not ever do that ... harker : I think you love to be frighten ? lucy : I think I shall go back to bed , Mr. harker . harker : mister harker , be it ? I see . look like I be not go to be good enough for the like of you anymore , hobnob with royalty now , be we ? lucy : really , Jonathan , you pretend to be so utterly modern . we be just dance . harker : just dance . that 's a right amazing way of put it . lucy : do you know , Jonathan , if you go on be cross , you be go to sprout the most enormous wart right on the end of you nose . the outside wall of the sanitarium dracula crawl down the wall from the roof Lucy 's bedroom mina awaken to see dracula remove windowpane enter dracula the seward parlour Lucy and harker sit together offstage : Wolf howl harker : it 's nothing . just a dog . later Lucy 's bedroom Lucy cover mina with a blanket and return to bed carfax Abbey renfield awaken and eat a cockroach renfield : here we go . Nice and fat and juicy . enter dracula dracula : good evening . renfield attempt to leave but the door will not open dracula : it will not open . you have nothing to fear . I be accustom to barring my home . there be wolf in transylvania . renfield : not here , there be not . dracula : you must have patience with I . you must try to understand I . I can reward you with a long and fruitful life , but I must have you loyalty . can you give that ? renfield : ( nod ) dracula : then come . renfield : I have be bit by a bat . dracula : yes , I see . the next morning Lucy 's bedroom Lucy be awaken by mina gasp for air lucy : mina , what 's wrong ? what be it ? poppa ! poppa ! come quickly . darling , try and tell I what 's wrong . what be it ? poppa , come quickly . enter seward lucy : poppa , help she ! seward : what 's wrong with she ? lucy : she can not breathe . mina : my throat . I can not get any air . seward : there 's plenty . take a deep breath . enter harker harker : what happen ? seward : I do not know . she 's so white . asphyxia ? lucy : just breathe in , darling . just breathe . try . seward : breathe , mina . mina , breathe . breathe . mina : I can not . I can not . seward : breathe . breathe . breathe , mina . lucy : breathe , mina . breathe . breathe . poppa ! oh , darling ! mina : ( stop breathe entirely ) lucy : oh , my God , poppa ! she 's dead ! look at she throat ! seward : two puncture . not very large but not wholesome . lucy : not wholesome ? poppa , what be you talk about ? exit Lucy and harker later the Breakfast table seward talk on the phone as mina and harker eat breakfast seward : twelve Van rigelstadt , Amsterdam . yes , Professor abraham Van helsing . now , read the whole thing back to I like a good girl . enter swale with food platter lucy : nothing for I , thank you . harker : come on , you need you strength . lucy : I should never have leave she alone . harker : that 's preposterous . you have no way of know . seward : mina have die . no , not lie ... died . telegraph , oh , come at once . you dear friend on this saddest of occasion . Jack seward . yes . I do hope the professor get it . that poor poor man . lucy : poor mina . harker : do you think it be she heart ? lucy : or that pain in she head last night ? seward : I do not know . it 's be so long since I have practice real medicine . lucy : well , what do you think kill she ? seward : kill she ? that 's a odd word . yet , there be no sign of disease . harker : what about that mark on she neck ? seward : Marks on she neck , um ? perhaps she injure herself fasten she shawl . lucy : oh , father , do not be absurd ! you see that wound ! near sundown carfax Abbey Jonathan knock on the door and enter harker : hello ? hello ? be anyone at home ? hello ? Count dracula ! enter dracula dracula : you need not shout , Mr. harker . you frighten I . harker : I be sorry . I have a key . I have to let myself in . dracula : I wonder where renfield can be ? harker : I do not know . I knock but he do not ... dracula : yes . well , the man be worthless . it do not matter , at any rate , you be here . welcome , come up . harker : thank you . hello . dracula : good evening . I be sorry to hear of miss Van helsing 's death . harker : you know already ? dracula : yes . News of death travel fast . she be very ill . I could tell last night when I look into she eye . harker : yes . she would be frail all she life . here 's you key . I only have it to inspect the property . dracula : yes , of course . have you bring the original deed ? harker : yes , if you would like to sign at the bottom . and some custom document for you crate . now , I do not know what to say of they content . dracula : soil . harker : soil ? just plain dirt ? dracula : transylvanian earth . I have a keen interest in botany . can you drive to London at once to record the deed ? harker : no. tomorrow I must stay with Lucy for the funeral . dracula : oh , yes . of course . she 's take it ...? harker : not well . she blame herself . she be with I when mina be take ill . dracula : I see . then you and miss seward will marry ? harker : yes , I suppose so , if I can ever persuade she to settle down long enough . dracula : yes . she be stronger than most woman , be not she ? harker : yes , she be . I must be get back now . dracula : Mr. harker , would you deliver this letter to Dr. seward for I ? harker : of course . dracula : I should like to offer he daughter and he the hospitality of my home after the funeral . you be welcome , of course , but you be leave , be you not ? harker : good evening . dracula : good evening . exit harker the road from carfax back to billabeck Hall harker drive enter renfield suddenly from the back seat renfield : take I to the hospital ! help I get away from the castle ! you have get to help I ! help I ! you have get to save I ! please , you have get to help I ! in a nearby tree , a bat hang listen the Ward at billabeck Hall harker bring in renfield attendant : hold he . hold he there . renfield : the master be angry . he promise I life ... not little one -- fly and spider -- but big one . human life ! the next afternoon the Cemetery mina 's funeral preacher : I be the resurrection and the life . he that believeth in I , yeah , though he be dead , yet shall he live . and whosoever believeth in I shall never die . I know that my redeemer liveth and that I shall rise out of the earth on the last day and shall be cover again with my skin and shall see the Lord in my flesh . behold , I show you mystery . when the trumpet shall sound , the dead shall be raise incorruptible and we shall be change . then shall be bring to pass that which stay . death , where be thy sting ? oh , grave , where be thy hatred ? harker : I do not see why not . it 's no good to stay around here feel sorry for yourself , feel guilty for no reason . lucy : you do not understand , Jonathan . I do not want to feel happy , to feel silly , not now . harker : then I will come back tomorrow night . lucy : you need not . I can manage . harker : can you ? lucy : Jonathan , let 's not part enemy . harker : we be not enemy . seward : Lucy . oh , Lucy . mina 's father , professor Van helsing , be arrive from Paris this evening , and we shall have to meet he . I be afraid we shall be unable to take advantage of Count dracula 's kind invitation to dinner . lucy : invitation to dinner ? you do not tell I ... seward : do not I ? well , it do not matter now . I will have to send word around excuse we . lucy : no , I will go . seward : go ? I should have think you would rather ... lucy : as a courtesy . seward : he 's send a carriage round at eight , so if you ... that evening , 8 :oo p.m. the Road between billabeck Hall and carfax Abbey Lucy ride in dracula 's carriage meanwhile whitby train Station Van helsing be meet by seward conductor : whitby . whitby . this be whitby station . seward : abraham ! in my own house ! how could I ever ... helsing : what happen ? what , in God 's name , could have happen ? seward : I do not know . I do not know . helsing : Jack , Jack , you must explain to I from the beginning as patiently ... seward : I be baffle . carfax Abbey Lucy arrive lucy : hello ? hello ? be anyone here ? Count dracula ? enter dracula dracula : good evening . welcome to carfax Abbey , miss seward . lucy : thank you . dracula : I regret Mr. harker and you father be unable to join we . let I see to you comfort . the Road from the train Station to billabeck Hall seward ride in a carriage with Van helsing helsing : of course , you examine she with great care ? seward : there be no functional cause , none . she would be nervous , certainly , sleepwalk ... helsing : sleepwalk ? seward : ... nightmare . I prescribe laudanum . helsing : what ? laudanum ? seward : for nervous prostration . helsing : but a great loss of blood ? how ? carfax Abbey Lucy dine with dracula lucy : mina be so young . dracula : so be you . lucy : tonight I feel positively ancient . dracula : there be worse thing than death . you must believe I . lucy : if there be , I can not imagine they . dracula : I have bury many friend and I , too , be weary . I be the last of my kind , descend from a conquer race . my family be its heart 's blood , its brain , its sword . but the warlike day be over . lucy : anyway , it 's not healthy to live in the past . dracula : no , it be not . Jonathan harker tell I you speak some romanian . lucy : oh , hardly , I know ... dracula : ( in romanian ) lucy : ( smile ) dracula : there , you do understand . lucy : no , really . I have no idea what you say . dracula : I say ' it would be nice to see you smile ' . lucy : then you should be pleased . dracula : I be . but I must warn you to take care . lucy : whatever for ? dracula : if , at any time , my company do not please you , you will have only yourself to blame for a acquaintance who seldom force himself but be difficult to be rid of . that night the Ward at billabeck Hall a woman in tatter clothes leap from a second floor window Annie come tear down the hall , scream annie : ( scream ) murder ! she 's murder my baby ! swale : what 's go on here ? annie : Doctor , help I ! she 's murder my baby ! swale : my God , no , Annie . stop she ! Annie ! no , Annie ! do not ! seward : what 's happen ? seward and Van helsing find Annie 's baby dead helsing : two puncture directly into the aorta ? annie : she just open the door , like she have a key . she murder my little Alex . she be as hot as like a burn coal , and she eye be red like ruby , and she lip all draw back , and she breath so foul . and she have this long , dreadful tooth like the fang of a wolf ... like nothing from this earth . then she grab he , and I grab she , and the next thing I remember , she bit he in the throat . helsing : this woman , you do not know she ? annie : yes , I do . I do so . it be miss Lucy 's friend mina who we put in the earth yesterday . carfax Abbey Lucy and dracula walk outside offstage : Wolf call dracula : listen to they , the child of the night . what sad music they make . lucy : do you think it 's sad ? dracula : so lonely , like weep . lucy : I think it 's a wonderful sound . I really love the night . it 's so simple . dracula : so deceptive . lucy : so exciting . dracula : you take the dawn for grant . the warm , hot sunlight . ah , but the night ... lucy : ...was make to enjoy . dracula : yes . yes , it be . it be make to enjoy life ... and love . look at I . look . you must forgive I . lucy : what for ? dracula : for intrude on you life . lucy : I come of my own accord . dracula : you should perhaps go . lucy : no , I would rather stay . dracula : it will be light soon . lucy : not for hour yet . dracula : I will see you again . lucy : oh , please ! early the next morning the seward parlour Van helsing sit read about vampire bat enter seward seward : abraham ? helsing : Jack ! seward : will you take some breakfast ? helsing : oh , yes , thank you , Jackie . a little later perhaps , if you please ? seward : thank you . that evening the Cemetery Van helsing sit overlook mina 's grave which have be cover with garlic flower enter Lucy lucy : Professor , you should come inside now . it 's get very cold . helsing : I be just sit a while with mina . lucy : what be this ? helsing : ah , that tiny flower be from the garlic plant . lucy : whatever for ? helsing : do you believe in corporeal transference ? lucy : no . helsing : in materialization ? lucy : no . helsing : and not in astral body ? lucy : what have this to do with mina ? helsing : you know the legend of Central Europe of the werewolve and vampire ? lucy : vampire ? helsing : creature who suck the blood of the live ? lucy : you be not say that you believe that mina attack ... helsing : a creature that be dead and yet not dead . a thing that life after its death by drink ... lucy : oh , no , please ... helsing : it must have blood or it die a agonizing death . miss Lucy , I wonder if I may ? Van helsing hand Lucy a small box helsing : this be to be mina 's for she birthday . she would want you to have it and to wear it always . Lucy pull out a crucifix vanhelsing : always . mina put on the crucifix enter dracula on horseback dracula : good evening , Lucy . lucy : good evening . dracula : I be Count dracula . helsing : abraham Van helsing . dracula : then it be you daughter , sir , who bring I here . I have come to pay my respects . what be that around you neck ? lucy : this ? it 's a gift from Professor Van helsing . dracula : how kind . lucy : we be just go inside . perhaps you would like to join we ? dracula : no , thank you . with you permission , sir ? helsing : with my bless . the seward parlour enter Lucy and Van helsing lucy : do sit down , professor . I will bring you some tea . helsing : thank you , miss Lucy . Van helsing look out window to see dracula 's horse rear over mina 's grave later the Cemetery Van helsing , seward and swale lead a horse a wolf look on from the shadow seward : abraham , this be nonsense . witchcraft ! this beast can tell we nothing . there be no such thing as vampire . there 's nothing but the Lord 's own dead out here . the horse begin to rear swale : I can not hold it ! seward : what if he should break a leg ? helsing : he will not . look how alert ! see , he know . he will find out where lie the vampire just as surely as you , Jack seward , could predict a human cancer . the horse paw at mina 's grave seward : stop he ! dear God in heaven , stop he ! that night Lucy 's bedroom Lucy sit on she bed enter dracula dracula drink of Lucy then open a vein in he chest for she to drink dracula : now it be you , my best beloved one . you will be flesh of my flesh , blood of my blood . you shall cross land or sea to do my bid . I need you blood . I need . meanwhile the Cemetery helsing and seward prepare to open mina 's coffin helsing : give I a wrench and plier , Jack . hold up the cross . the coffin be empty seward : it 's not possible ! I see she put ... body snatcher ! Van helsing notice a hole in the side of the coffin seward : the mine ! they run underneath the entire town , everywhere . Van helsing slide through the hole seward : no. no , abraham , please , I ...i... beg you ... do not ! seward follow Van helsing a bat lunge at Van helsing and he drop the cross seward : the cross ! the cross ! enter mina helsing : mina ! mina : poppa , komme mit mir . komme , poppa . helsing : leave I ! mina : poppa ! poppa ! seward : mina , no ! seward jump mina and burn a mark in she forehead with the cross mina spin around and be impale on a stake hold by Van helsing mina : poppa ! mina die late that night the front door at billabeck Hall Mrs. galloway open the door to harker mrs . galloway : Mr. harker ! harker : Mrs. galloway , I be sorry to bother you at this hour but be miss Lucy ... galloway : in she room , sound asleep , which be where we should all be if we have more common sense . harker : yes , you be right . I think I will do the same . I will wait till morning to say hello . Lucy ? it 's Jonathan . Lucy ? Lucy lie across the bed in a faint harker : what 's the matter ? Lucy ! oh , Lucy , what be it ? Lucy ? enter seward and Van helsing seward : come , abraham , we need to get ...... Jonathan ? harker : Dr. seward , thank God you be here . quickly , look at Lucy . she 's so cold . Professor ...? helsing : she have lose a great deal of blood . seward : there 's scarcely any pulse . she will have to be give a blood transfusion . I pray to God that one of we have she type . swale ! later Lucy 's bedroom seward give Lucy a transfusion of harker 's blood enter Van helsing with basket of garlic helsing : take this and rub they against the inside of all door and window . crush they against the glass so that the fragrance permeate the whole room and keep away all evil . and do not forget the little room in there . harker : oh , good God , Professor , not garlic . I be sick to my stomach as it be . seward : be you feel weak ? harker : no , it do not matter . helsing : she need more than you blood , Jonathan . harker : what she do not need be to breathe the odor from that wretch plant ! helsing : do not trifle with I . there be a grim purpose in all I do . seward : just a little bit longer . exit Van helsing the seward parlour Van helsing fix himself a drink and gaze in a mirror helsing : oh , how in the devil ... enter dracula dracula : I be not as bad as that . helsing : I do not hear you come in , Count . dracula : I be often tell I have a light footstep . helsing : I be look in the mirror . it reflect the whole room , and yet I can not see ... dracula throw a vase , break the mirror dracula : forgive I , Doctor , I dislike mirror . they be the plaything of man 's vanity . helsing : you be a most unusual creature , Count dracula . dracula : yes . how be the fair patient ? helsing : her diagnosis present difficulty . dracula : I fear it might , my friend . helsing : would you care to see what I have prescribe for she ? dracula : anything that you have prescribe for miss Lucy have the great interest for I . helsing : my prescription be a most unusual one . Van helsing hold up a bunch of garlic dracula cower behind he cape dracula : you be a wise man , Professor , for one who have not live even a single lifetime . helsing : you flatter I , Count . dracula : but not wise enough to return to Holland at once now that you have learn what you have learn . helsing : I prefer to remain . dracula : in the past 500 year , Professor , that who have cross my path have all die , and some not pleasantly . come here ! Van helsing take step toward dracula then stop dracula : you will be strong . then , I must come to you . dracula advance on Van helsing Van helsing pull out a eucharist dracula : sacrilege ! sacrilege ! dracula leap toward the window while change into a wolf enter seward and harker seward : abraham , the color be return to Lucy 's cheek . harker : Professor ? seward : abraham , what 's happen to you ? helsing : dracula have be here . harker : what for ? helsing : he come to kill I . seward : he what ? helsing : it be he who be the vampire . seward : abraham , this night have be a monstrous ... helsing : he come to kill I , and now he will prey upon you . harker : what 's happen ? please , for God 's sake , will someone tell I what be happen ? the next morning the Cemetery seward , Van helsing , harker and swale uncover mina 's body harker : she look ... helsing : alive ? she be the devil 's undead . seward : nosferatu . harker : you can not seriously expect I to believe that Count dracula be some hideous monster ? helsing : I do not expect you to believe anything but what be . Van helsing hold up mirror mina cast no reflection harker : what be you go to do ? helsing : to save she soul , I must take out she heart . seward : Heaven and earth , no ! helsing : it 's not you choice . she be my daughter . if we fail here , it be not merely a matter of life and death , it be that we shall become such as she . that we and you Lucy ... harker : no , it 's not possible ! helsing : ... may become foul thing of the night . there be work , wise work , to be do . and now be the power of all the devil against we . Van helsing make a incision into mina 's chest Lucy 's bedroom Lucy peer through the window watch the event in the cemetery lucy : Mrs. galloway ? galloway : yes ? lucy : would you be kind enough to make I a cup of tea . I feel rather cold . galloway : no wonder . the doctor 's order be that you should stay in bed . but how he think I could keep you there , I do not know . the seward foyer Mrs. galloway walk through with tea enter harker , Van helsing and seward harker : Mrs. galloway . galloway : good morning , Mr. harker . harker : where 's Lucy ? galloway : in she room . she 's look much better and ask for tea . harker , Van helsing and seward run to front door in time to see Lucy ride off in carriage harker : get the car ! the road from billabeck to carfax harker , Van helsing and seward in car chase Lucy in carriage seward : Lucy , stop ! for God 's sake , Lucy , stop ! harker : what be you do ? where be you go ? lucy : get out of my way , Jonathan . helsing : there ! now you must believe ! harker : Lucy , now you can not possibly go to he . lucy : he 's no danger to I . harker : he 's a monster , a vampire ! helsing : she mean to warn he . lucy : Jonathan , if you try to stop I , I shall kill myself . helsing : I charge you on you live soul , Lucy seward , that you do not die or think of death until this great evil which have foule you life be true dead himself . lucy : you dare try to confuse I . torment he who be the saddest , the kindest of all . helsing : kind ? if I could send he soul to everlast , burn hell , I would ! lucy : I despise you , all of you . get out of my way ! harker : Lucy , no ... lucy : let I go ! let I go ! no ! harker : be calm . be calm . helsing : take she home , Jack . watch over she . seward : abraham , what be you go to do ? helsing : miss Lucy 's life be at stake , and so be she soul . Jonathan and I must go and find this monster and utterly destroy it ! that afternoon carfax Abbey harker and Van helsing break into carfax harker : oh , God , what a stench ! helsing : take the cross , Jonathan , take the cross . Van helsing open dracula 's coffin to find it empty enter dracula dracula : gentlemen , how kind of you to call . helsing : I have underestimate you power , Count dracula . to move about in daylight hour ! dracula : it be always daylight somewhere on earth , Professor . after my rest , my need be only to stay in darkness . Van helsing hold up large cross dracula grab the cross and it burst into flame dracula : you fool ! do you think with you cross and you wafer you can destroy I ? I ! you do not know how many man have come against I . I be the king of my kind . you have accomplish nothing , Van helsing . time be on my side . in a century , when you be dust , I shall wake and call Lucy , my queen , from she grave . harker : no ! dracula : yes . I have in my time have many bride , Mr. harker , but I shall set Lucy above they all . harker : you will not get Lucy . dracula : she 's mine already . harker : nooo ! harker swing shovel at dracula dracula turn into bat and attack harker harker : God ! damn you ! help I , Professor ! Professor ! Van helsing break open a hole in the wall let in sunlight bat dracula fly away helsing place eucharist in dracula 's coffin helsing : in nomine patri filius et spiritus sancti . later the Ward at billabeck sanitarium seward lead Van helsing and harker through the ward seward : but I help he . I see that two of that crate be safely deliver from the ship . helsing : yes , but you must not blame yourself . he probably have other coffin bring to he other way . you know this man 's cun . seward : yes , and my poor Lucy , then . he 's probably get they scattered all over whitby by now . harker : then we will find they and tear they open one by one . seward stop in front of a padded cell harker : in there ? she can not possibly be ... seward : I could not help it . when she come round , she be like a wild thing . helsing : you have give she medication ? laudanum ? seward : my own daughter ? certainly not ! harker : no , please , can I have a moment alone with she ? please , I must . I must . helsing : but remember , Jonathan , she be not what she will seem . Lucy 's cell Lucy sit on a cot enter harker lucy : Jonathan ! what happen to you face ? you be frighten of I , too , be not you ? oh , it can not be ! I do not understand . I do not understand what 's happen to I . harker : you seem yourself again . lucy : I have never feel so weak . harker : weak ? you have the strength of ten man . lucy : Jonathan , can you still love I ? harker : I worship you . Lucy embrace harker lucy : will you tell I something ? harker : but of course . lucy : what be you do , you and my father and the Professor , in the cemetery to mina ? harker : I can not . I can not . lucy : you say you love I , but you do not trust I . harker : oh , Lucy , with my life , my soul . lucy : then tell I . what be you do , you and the professor , at carfax ? I only want to know if you can still love I . harker : oh , Lucy , please ! please ! lucy : there 's no need to hide you scheme and you plot from I , be there ? harker : no. lucy : Jonathan , it 's no use . whatever he want to know , he find out . he know everything you think , everything you do . harker : Lucy , stop , please ! lucy : all right . harker : stop it . lucy : all right . harker : no. lucy : do not worry . harker : no , Lucy , please . lucy : there 's nothing to be frighten of . I love you . harker : no , please . no. lucy : shhhh . harker : no . oh , no . Lucy kiss harker and attempt to bite he neck harker : Professor ! Professor ! enter Van helsing with crucifix lucy : oh , no . oh , no . oh , no . oh , no . oh , no . Lucy kiss crucifix and pass out seward : she will sleep now . harker : but should not we stay with she ? seward : it 's all right . my people will look after she . renfield 's cell swale fight with renfield renfield : give I they back ! give I they back ! give I they back ! give I they ! Dr. seward , make he give I they back ! enter seward , Van helsing and harker swale : he 's collect bug ! seward : bug ? swale : and he 's eat they alive . he 's disgusting ! renfield : you will see what disgusting be when he come . helsing : Excuse I . when who come , please ? renfield : you know . give I they back , you crap brain old buzzard . ah , you have get no blood in you , anyway . besides , I have get one here that you do not find . swale : in the strait jacket with he . seward : do you think dracula will come back tonight ? harker : of course , he will . seward : when ? helsing : we must obviously be ready . late that night renfield 's cell renfield in straitjacket stand at window renfield : they should not have tie I up like this . I would have go quiet , like a kitten . I would like a kitten , a nice , little , sleek , playful kitten that I could feed you to . I would play with he . and I would stroke he . and I would feed he and feed he and feed he . renfield look out window and see dracula climb up the wall renfield : swale ! Mr. swale ! Mr. swale , he 's come to get I . he 's climb straight up the wall to get I . I be die and he 's laugh with he red mouth and that sharp white tooth of he like rat , hundred and thousand and million of they . enter dracula renfield : oh , God , help my poor soul . dracula : renfield . renfield : I be a slave , I be a dog , master . put please , do not kill I . for the love of God , let I live . dracula : do I not promise you that you should come to I at you death and enjoy century of life and power over the body and soul of other ? renfield : but I do not want human life . dracula : you betrayed I . you seek to warn they all against I . renfield : then punish I . torture I . I deserve it . but , please , let I live . dracula : oh , renfield , you disappoint I so . dracula break renfield 's neck the ward explode into commotion the Ward harker and seward run to Lucy 's cell harker : dracula ? come on ! quickly . Lucy ! Lucy ! find a hole in the wall and no Lucy Van helsing , seward and harker look out window to see dracula and Lucy climb down the wall seward : come on . where be he take she , abraham ? the Road from billabeck to carfax seward , Van helsing and harker in car follow dracula and Lucy on foot seward : faster ! harker : I can not go any faster ! carfax Abbey enter dracula and Lucy dracula : Lucy , come . come to I . Lucy and dracula embrace dracula : now , you must go on a bit longer as a creature of the sun , only until we have leave behind that who would destroy we . lucy : and then ? dracula : then you will join I on a higher plane , feed on they . we will create more of we kind , Lucy . later a crossroad harker 's car come to a stop harker : which way ? seward : I know that way lie scarborough but I do not know ! van helsing : listen . listen . sound of a wagon approach harker : hey , there , driver ! seward : Tom hensley , be that you ? hensley : yes , sir , it 's I . harker : what be you do out here at this hour ? hensley : I have to pick up another one of they damn crate and take it to the dock at scarborough before I could ... woah ! woah ! hensley 's horse charge onwards seward : look . that crate ! harker : scarborough ! van helsing : the port ! harker : then he 's leave England . seward : after he . harker follow hensley seward : hensley , for God 's sake , stop , man ! hensley : I can not stop she . I be do my best . whoa , nellie ! hensley 's cart hit a rock and throw he into the road seward : look out . harker 's car run off the road into a tree seward : this thing mock we , abraham . helsing : if we be beat , then there be no God . harker : the axle 's crack . helsing : scarborough , how far be it ? seward : it 's ten mile . it 's no use . harker : come on , we must try . harker , seward and Van helsing begin walk ten mile later the scarborough dock harker , seward and Van helsing arrive on the dock seward : where be it ? helsing : you , sir . this wagon . you do see it arrive ? boatsman : be that the one with the big crate on it ? harker : yes , where be it ? boatsman : it 's out there , aboard the czarina catherina , bound for Romania . harker : take we to Romania . helsing : we must catch that ship . boatsman : what ? helsing : you stay here , in case they be not on board . keep well , bye . seward : take care . the czarina catherina Van helsing and harker board harker : dracula , where be he ? Count dracula be on this ship . sailor : nyet , nyet . helsing : nosferatu . vampyr ! harker and Van helsing descend into the hold harker : where be it ? come on . helsing : Jonathan , here ! harker : I see it . open the coffin to find Lucy lie in dracula 's arm Lucy awaken and be lift out by harker Van helsing place stake over dracula 's heart lucy : noooooooooooooo! dracula awaken and impale Van helsing dracula attempt to break harker 's neck Van helsing throw a winchhook into dracula 's back harker wind dracula up the mast where he hang in the sunlight lucy : nooooooo ! Lucy become human again dracula 's cape escape from the mast Lucy smile the end