courage under FIRE a screenplay by Patrick sheane Duncan first draft convert to pdf by screentalk www.screentalk.org for educational purpose only int . a dark place , night a man on fire , he face and hair aflame . he stare at you , accusation in he eye . you raise a hand to keep he away . the hand burst into flame . it be a torch , skin blister . the burn man scream . you be inside a tank , m1a1 abram . the instrument glow green . another man on fire scramble from the hatch . the fire trace a lazy line across the bulkhead . it be head to the ammunition stack . the man scream at you again . the fire leap upon the magazine of 20 mm shell . it dance there a few second . the man be upon you - burn before you eye . the scream be intelligible for the first time . " I don't want to die ! " int . bar , day the flame become amber fluid in glass . colonel nathanial " nat " serling , look at the glass , at he watch , finish the drink , leave . ext . bar , day serling cross the street pour half a box of tic -tac into he mouth , eat they like candy . he head toward one of that anonymous building in suitland outside Washington , D.C. serling be in he 40' , bear to the uniform , but there be something sad in he eye , defeat in he walk . he enter the building . int . hallway , day the sign on a door say " U.S. Army - Award and decoration branch . " serling enter . int . colonel levine's office , day colonel phillip levine , a little martinet , a bureaucratic Hitler . serling sit across from the desk from Levine . the desk be immaculate , everything arrange with a ruler and a t-square . nameplate with pen up front . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 2. levine I remember you . I be there in Desert Storm , 24th mech . serling nod grimly . he 's be through this before . Levine will not let it alone . levine frankly , I be surprised you be still in the service . serling so be I . the answer do not give Levine any satisfaction . levine I do not agree with this assignment . I be sure the General have he own reason . serling I be sure . could I look at the file ? the file sit alone on that splendid desk - center . levine I be not require to release the documentation until I receive all of the proper form and order . he smile . what a paper-push asshole . serling smile ruefully . levine something funny , Colonel ? serling just petty little man like you who do not have power but pounce on any semblance of it like a crow ona road kill . Levine clenches he jaw . he 's about to reply or spit . the door open . general hershberg enter . the two colonel stand at attention until the General nod then down . he slide he butt onto Levine 's desk , sweeping the nameplate to the corner . Levine have a shitfit , but swallow it . gen . hershberg how be you do , nat ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 3. hershberg serling I have a " in " box and a " out . " I empty one and fill the other . I even have a rubber stamp with my name on it so I do not get writer 's cramp . it 's heaven . pick up the file , glance at the label and toss it to serling . Levine be about to protest , but a look from the General cut it off at the knee . hershberg he rise . gen . hershberg this be a little hot potato and in that weird form of Washington alchemy it could turn into a political football . Captain Karen Emma walden , first woman to be eligible for the Medal of honor . levine in combat . gen . hershberg in combat . first we get all the stink about woman in combat . there be some who will be sniping at this just because of that . then there be that that be go to line up and say we be only do this to overcompensate or distract the public from the charge of sexism and sexual harassment in the service . levine bullshit . look at Levine like he be a cockroach on a cake . gen . hershberg there be only two thing you have to worry about , nat . the President want this . I want this . his reason ... ? as usual I have not a clue . I want it because I think she deserve it . put it under a microscope . with you usual thoroughness , nat . any problem call my adjutant , Captain banachek , or even I . no slack . this be important , nat . to the nation . to the Army . to I . let 's go . Levine pop up . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 4. levine Sir , I can not let that file leave this office . I have not receive my 2930 or the 264 . gen . hershberg Colonel , there 's nothing I detest more than little D.C. hamster who can not see beyond the paper at the bottom of they little cage . he lead serling out , close the door behind he . Levine be leave to straighten he desk . ext . build , day the General 's car wait outside . hershberg and serling exit , go to the car . hershberg look up at the building . gen . hershberg that 's what 's kill this country . not crime or pollution . my daddy use to tell I -- look close at the word bureaucrat . there 's always a rat in it . ( beat ) do this right , nat , and you can broom you rubber stamp . serling yes , sir . gen . hershberg Captain banachek have a list of the eyewitness and they current posting . need a ride ? serling no , sir . I drive my own car . gen . hershberg well , do not blow through a stop sign . that breath will lose you you license . serling be embarrassed . he salute . hershberg salute back and get into the car , unwind the window . gen . hershberg do this right , nat , Captain Karen walden deserve it . and you need it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 5 . and he signal to the driver and be go . serling look at the file , walk to he car , stop . he make a right turn , cross the street , enter a bar . ext . residential STREET , day a big house and a big yard . there be five kid in the yard with a refrigerator box . they be argue over the benefit of create a house or a fort . a lot of yell , laugh , and run back and forth to the house for scissors , fat feel pen and a hacksaw blade to cut the window or gun port ( still under heat discussion ) . serling watch from he car , park across the street . a woman come out of the house . she be handsome , some of the kid look like she . her name be meredith . she carry a steaming cup of coffee and walk in a straight path across the street to serling . meredith just make a fresh pot . I put some cocoa in it for you . serling thanks . you get a new fridge . meredith yes . the noise it use to make at three in the morning ? that horrible rattle and moan ? do not make it night before last . she lean comfortably against the car . meredith get up to find a big puddle on the kitchen floor and have to throw away a whole chicken . this one 's more efficient and have a ice maker in the door . ( beat ) you can not do this anymore . it scare the kid . serling notice the child glance he way . meredith they do not understand why they daddy choose to move out and leave they . neither do i. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org serling you do not ? I explain it to you . I have to work out this ... thing . meredith I hear what you say . that do not mean I understand it . but the kid . they think it 's they fault . do not do this to they anymore . serling I ... I be leave town for a day . hershberg 's get I take a Medal of honor and wrapping it up ina shiny wrapper . meredith Medal of honor ? serling a woman . meredith good for she . serling posthumous . meredith too bad . but still good for she . and about time . how long you go to be go ? serling a week . ten day . meredith when you get back we have to deal with this . one way or another . she make it sound very ominous . serling make light , smile . serling sound like a ultimatum . she do not smile at all . meredith it be . I do not want you haunt we like this . either you come through that front door -- to stay -- or you do not come back here at all . that be hard to say . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 7 . and she walk back to the house , try to hold onto she composure , tear he can not see in she eye . but serling can feel they . he know she that well . he hold the cup up to she . it be empty . the front door slam shut . serling drive away . all five kid stop and watch he go . int . plane , night it be dark in the plane . most overhead light out , most passenger sleep . one light be on -- serling 's . he be in civilian clothes . there be a collection of little bottle on serling 's tray , all empty . he be read walden 's file . there be tear in he eye . the stewardess come by and see the tear . serling , embarrassed , turn off the overhead light and turn he face to the window . he can see he own reflection . a man in pain . deep , soul -cutting pain . he pull down the shade . ext . fort bragg , day Fort bragg , North Carolina . Home of the 82nd airborne . serling , in uniform , walk into one of that one - story wooden barrack leave over from wii . int . barracks , day a classroom . horrible photo of the result of bad dental hygiene , a illustration of proper brush . serling turn the disgusting photo to face the wall . the room be fill up with eleven man , all talk excitedly . it be a reunion of sort . hug , unashame tear and endless talk . " what have you be do ? " " go to meet with we after ? " " you be get fat , man . " a man in civilian clothes enter and be instantly surround by the other . " where you be ? " " how 's civilian life ? " " how be the leg ? " he pull up he pant leg to reveal two artificial limb . that bring a round of scar comparison as clothing be peel away or drop to reveal the shiny tissue . War wound . serling watch -- a outsider . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 8. first lieutenant chelli count head and go up to serling . lt . chelli all present and account for , sir . serling face the man as they settle into they seat . serling I be try to confirm the sequence of event that occur at or around Al kufan on 26 February 1991 . how do you man come to be on the blackhawk designate Dust off two pilote by warrant officer fowler ? be it a combat medevac ? lt . chelli no. sir. traffic accident . egan damn Saudi driver , sir . think they be drive cab in New York . thompson most of they be . lt . chelli we would have a convoy of thirty truck or more and they would decide to pass . egan and another kamikazi Saudi would be come the other way . thompson they could not go to the shoulder -- minefield . they would ... lt . chelli we be head along the north end of Iraq to set up a fueling depot for the 24th , part of schwartzkopf 's " hail Mary " . some mad Saudi in a deuce - and -a-half go to pass the convoy and suddenly there 's another convoy come the other way . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 9 . ext . road , day a long column of truck roll down a narrow road . smoke from Kuwait waft over the endless sand . in the back of one five - ton truck 2nd Lt. chelli and he man , plus ten more , sit , bored , smoking and joke . a Saudi driver in a big pale blue piece of shit truck thunder down the road pass the Army convoy , oblivious to the danger , bounce he head to some Paul revere and the raider music . then he see the other convoy . he look for a gap in the traffic alongside of he . none . he slam on the brake ! the truck go into a skid . it fishtail , ramming chelli 's truck . the truck hurtle off the road . both hit mine on the shoulder . the Saudi truck blow up . the big five - ton flip onto its side and skid for yard , plow up sand . another mine go off . the truck stop . the passenger litter the sand , wounded -- moan , scream , bleed or very still . int . barracks , day lt . chellt we have fifteen injure . mostly break bone , contusion . egan a few burn . the Saudi truck blow up . jenkins mine be go off like popcorn , but no shrapnel wound . thompson the Saudi truck burn . the driver be a crispy critter . egan his cargo be all over the road . pamper and shower shoe -- flip flop , you know . jenkins here we be run around scared shitless of poison gas , and scud and the damn Republican Guard and we get take out by some Saudi speed merchant with a truck load of flip flop . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 10 . lt . chelli the medevac , warrant officer fowler 's bird , pick we up and head south to some mash unit . nothing happen on the trip . it be pretty routine . egan until we be shot down . that statement take the wind out of everybody . int . blackhawk , day the blackhawk fly low along the east side of the euphrate River . Mountains on both side . Inside be Lt. chelli and he man , bandage and bloody but conscious . serling ( v.0 . ) altitude ? lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) low , fifty to a hundred foot off the floor . the chopper shudder . a huge impact . then it begin to fall . shout , scream . the chopper hit the ground hard . the impact splay the skid . Men fall out the door . int . barracks , day serling do you know what bring you down ? lt . chelli no. triple a , a missile , tow ? could not tell . one moment we be up -- the next we be eat sand . serling when do you see the enemy ? lt . chelli egan think he see some enemy movement before we get hit . egan just some figure below . could have be bedouin , hard to tell . jenkins I think I see a flash . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 11 . serling firearm . jenkins small arm . maybe . lt . chelli I do not see anything . serling the pilot and co-pilot be kill on impact ? lt . chelli yes . the medic , balkum ? balkum , confirm this . the blackhawk nose into the mountain . the medic and Crew Chief start give aid to the new injury . we lose two immediately , feretic , and brady . another , rizza , die a few minute later . my platoon sergeant . egan the Crew Chief try to get out a sos . the pilot do not have time ... he be not able to raise anyone , the radio be waste in the crash . serling how long before you see the enemy ? lt . chelli about a hour - a little more . Ground troops . they come over the ridge to the northwest of we . they fire on we . egan all we have be the Crew Chief 's m - 16 and four nine mill , the chopper crew 's side arm . lt . chelli they stripped we of we weapon on the medevac . procedure . the Crew Chief return fire with he 16 . we be downslope . egan sitting duck . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 12 . jenkins but the Crew Chief keep the enemy to the ridge . until 1600 hour '' around there . serling when he be hit . lt . chelli yes . he be on he last magazine . the nine mill do not have the range . round fall short . serling any of the enemy fire prove to be effective ? lt . chelli Monaco take two in the chest . he die during the night . lem , fistch be wounded . cherensky , no he be later . egan and you , sir . lt . chelli yes . I take a round in the leg . and the medic have a bullet part he hair . a lot of blood but he be still work . jenkins the chopper provide we no cover . bullet go through it like cardboard . lt . chelli we be in a world of hurt , sir . serling do you discuss surrender ? Lt. chelli look at the other . lt . chelli yes , sir . we be all wounded in one way or another . it be discuss . but we figure we would hold them off as long as possible in case a rescue come . it be a . difficult and protract debate , sir . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 13 . serling I suspect so . egan we be not train for that kinda shit . thompson then the tank appear . int . blackhawk , day the man in the crash chopper be in rough shape . batter , bloody , the dead cover with a poncho that flap in the wind . swock ! gunfire and another hole in the fuselage . the body of the chopper look like swiss cheese . egan ( v.0 . ) we would be there a few hour . we shit be pretty flaky by then . the medic , head bandage , return fire sparingly . thena noise . everyone listen , even the most gravely wounded . they all try to see . over the river , up the slope and across the ridge . the sound come from there . and over the crest of the ridge appear a tank . a Russian t- 55 . it pause at the ridge . then with a clatter and roar , come up over the ridge and to the down slope . it stop . then the turret swivel . until the gun-point at the helicopter . thompson ( v.0 . ) it 's a very strange feel to be sit there and watch a big gun like that make adjustment to blow you away . and the gun do that , with whirr and crank . a little elevation . a little windage . then ... boom ! the gun fire . the tank jerk back . the tail section of the helicopter disintegrate ! there be a huge cloud of dust in front of the tank , throw up by the concussion . with little wind it just hang there , dissipate slowly . JR . chelli ( v.0 . ) all we could do be wait until the dust settle so they could see to adjust . that 's when , as rank officer , I make my decision . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 14 . the Lieutenant step out of the helicopter , wave he white handkerchief . he take a couple of step toward the tank . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) I figure we would hold out as long as we could and that the life of the man on board ... serling ( v.0 . ) you do not have to make excuse for you action to I , Lieutenant . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) I know , sir , I know . it 's just ... well , it do not make any difference . the cloud of dust finally settles in front of the tank . they can see chelli and the white flag of surrender . and the tank machine gun cut loose . the Lieutenant be hit in he good leg . he go down . two man , wounded themselves , run and haul he back to the chopper . the tank 's big gun begin to move again in small increment . egan ( v.0 . ) we be just target practice for they big gun . thompson ( v.0 . ) a turkey shoot . it fire ! boom ! this one miss - too far off the nose of the chopper . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) now they have we brackete . all they have to do be adjust for somewhere in the middle and we be dead meat . the medic fire at the tank with the m - 16 . the round just bounce off . Lt. chelli stop he and look up at the sky . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) and then we hear it . thompson ( v.0 . ) there 's something about a inbound huey ... and suddenly up the river come a american huey helicopter . the unmistakable red cross of medevac on its side . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 15 . it buzze by the down blackhawk and tank then do a steep u-turn and come back . serling ( v.0 . ) do it take any ground fire ? egan ( v.0 . ) right off the bat . jenkins ( v.0o . ) instantly , every rag head ground pounder want a piece of that bird . the enemy troops fire at the chopper , but the only real indication be the tracers arcing through the sky . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) when the huey can back this time it return fire . someone with a 240 . egan ( v.0 . ) that monfriez guy . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) we do not know at the time but .. yes , sp /5 monfriez . the ground troops go for cover . the man in the blackhawk cheer . elation take they past the pain of they wound . boom ! the tank fire again . the man in the blackhawk be blow to bit . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) that round kill the medic , raleno , cerspach ... egan lose he leg .... Chaos . Men die , bleed , scream - praying . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) we tend the wounded as best we could . thompson ( v.0 . ) and wait for the next round to hit . serling ( v.0 . ) what be the huey do at this time ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 16. egan ( v.0 . ) it circle back to go over the tank again . jenkins ( v.0 . ) then they throw something overboard at the tank . the huey bank and over the tank , a dark square object plummet out the open door and land a few yard away . the huey buck and turn . one of the wounded man direct the Lieutenant 's attention to the chopper . serling ( v.0 . ) threw or it fall off ? lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) could not tell the first time . but the chopper bank and we could see the Crew Chief unstrap something from the other side . egan the fuel pod . he be unhook it . I know . I use to work chopper at Fort Campbell . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) they be still take ground fire . we could see where the tank 's big machine gun be make hit . but the huey bank again and this time the fuel pod hit . egan Dead hit . it burst like a water balloon . thompson ( v.0 . ) jp8 - air fuel all over the tank . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) then someone in the huey fire a flare at the tank . and it blow . the tank be drench in gas . the tank commander , sit half in , half out of the turret be yell command when he realize what be go on . he try to bail . too late . the tank erupt in flame . the ground troops run away from the burn tank . ka - boom ! something go off inside the tank . then another explosion , and another . the ammo inside cook and blow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 17 . the tank disintegrate . Inside the crash blackhawk , the man cheer . int . barracks , day the man relive that moment with smile and laugh . serling do you see what knock the huey down ? the mood darken . lo. chelli no. ext . river , day Inside the blackhawk the mood darken as they see the huey . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) we be yell and scream so much we do not notice the huey be even hit . jenkins ( v.0 . ) we just see it spiral down and crash . egan ( v.0 . ) it land between the tank and we , on a little piece of high ground . serling ( v.0 . ) how far away ? lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) five hundred meter . the huey lose altitude fast , the tail rotor dead . it crash . thompson ( v.0 . ) she hit hard . jenkins ( v.0o . ) Real hard . surprise anyone survive . it take a lot of time for the dust to settle . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org serling ( v.0 . ) do the huey at any time climb to a altitude to radio in a position ? int . barracks , day lt . chellt they do not have a chance . they be take fire all the time . serling they could have climb to escape the fire . thompson Roger that , sir , and leave we to take the flak . as long as they be fire at the huey they be not shoot at we . serling the sun set shortly after the huey crash . be there any more ground fire ? lt . chelli the tank be incapacitate -- but we catch sporadic ground fire through the night . the huey take most of it . it be between we and the enemy so ... serling you have no communication with the huey ? lt . chelli no . as I say we radio be waste . we try shouting at it , but that just draw enemy fire , so we stop . serling so you spend the night wait ? jenkins longest night I ever spend ... lo. chelli Monaco die during the night . it be cold . ( more ) 18 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org lt . chelli ( cont 'd ) but ... we hear voice from the huey a couple of time , small arm fire between it and the ridge . serling could you see into the huey ? be you able to discern what be happen there ? lt . chelli no. some rock hide the interior . we could not see anything in daylight and most of we time there it be dark . serling and with dawn come a new attack ? lt . chellt not quite . the sun come up . we be pretty rag by then . ext . blackhawk , morning 19 . the sun come up . Lt. chelli , weary to the bone , and a few man look up at the sky , at the ridge . on the ridge -- enemy activity , head pop up , gun laid on the ridge . lo. , chelli ( v.0 . ) on the ridge we see forty , maybe fifty enemy . they begin fire at the huey mainly and move toward it under the cover fire . the huey return fire . thompson ( v.0 . ) 240 and m - 16 , maybe beretta . egan ( V. 0 . ) then we hear the rescue team come . jenkins ( v.0o . ) a huey , a blackhawk and a pair of cobras . thompson ( v.0 . ) and a big ass F - 14 tomcat . you never hear such a beautiful noise . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 20. the aircraft zoom overhead . awesome , beautiful sight . the man on the down blackhawk cheer with what little strength they have . the cobras strafe the ridge line . the blackhawk and huey land between the two down aircraft . the wounded be load into the blackhawk . Three man run out of the crash huey and into the new one . there be gunfire everywhere . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) all the wounded be load aboard . the dead be leave behind . we be take fire at the time . one of the blackhawk medic be hit , I think . serling ( v.0 . ) again , I be not criticize , Lieutenant , but why be the dead leave behind ? lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) when we get aboard the blackhawk that be when we see the enemy on the other ridge . they would flanke we in the night . it be a hot lz , all right . the decision be make to leave the dead . by the commander of the rescue , I think . the wounded be load onto the blackhawk and then both it and the huey rise . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) the last thing we see be the tomcat drop white phosphorus on the two crash chopper . a awesome display of burn white fire explode the two chopper . lt . chelli ( v.0 . ) then we be out of there . the rescue chopper back away . int . barracks , day thompson thank the Lord . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 21. there be lt . chelli Colonel , this be not just some Lessons learned or post-action analysis , be it ? serling no. Captain walden have be recommend for the Medal of honor . lt . chelli well , I do not know if it be Captain walden or whoever -- but that huey and she crew save we life . thompson I would not be here today . I know that . egan we all think we be dead . jenkins that huey could have climb and just radioe in a location . lt . chelli and by the time someone would have get to we we would have be dead . thompson the Medal of honor be not enough for what they do . egan they ought to give it to every soldier on that huey . sound of affirmation from the rest of the man . serling thanks for you help , gentleman . you be excuse . they all rise and go back to converse among themselves , make plan for the reunion dinner that night . serling head for the door . Lieutenant chelli stop he . lt . chelli Sir ? you have a minute , Colonel ? serling sure , Lieutenant . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 22 . lt . chelli Sir , you have a remarkable career -- before the incident at Al bathra . I be wonder if perhaps you could give I a few hint in reference to get on the fast track , like you . Lt. chelli carry a large manila envelope and worry it between he finger . serling I would not really know how to advise you on ... lt . chelli I mean , they say , sir , that if it have not be for the incident at Al bathra you would be a General now . I be a full - tilt career ring - knocker , sir , and I plan on be the youngest General in Army history . serling well , I do not know about any Army fast track , Lieutenant . I know it 's hard work and a little luck ... lt . chelli sure , sure . well if I can find I a rabbi like you get in General hershberg ... serling General hershberg and I never meet before Desert Storm . I would hardly call he my rabbi . lt . chelli but you be on he staff . he save you from a Court martial . serling where would you hear that ? lt . chelli scuttlebutt , sir ... chelli know he 's fuck up . serling hershberg , do not do I any favor . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 23 . serling ( cont 'd ) good luck on you career , Lieutenant . fast track or not . when you make General I will send you a bottle . he start away . chelli be disappointed , then remember . he catch up to serling . lt . chelli Sir , I forget . I want to give you this . he hand serling the envelope . lt . chelli it 's a article I write for military Review . it 's a operational assessment of the battle of Al bathra . in it I propose three operational alternative to you the decision you make . serling only three ? lt . chelli I think you might like to read it . serling no . thank you . serling try to give it back to the Lieutenant lt . chelli I be not be critical , sir . serling no ? lo. chelli you do not want to read it , sir ? I be sure you have go over the incident many time . there might be a solution here that you do not think of . serling I doubt it . I doubt it very much . he give the envelope back and walk away . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 24 . int . enlisted mens ' club , day a nightclub -- but spotless , immaculate . the bar be pristine -- all the bottle line up , the glass stack precisely . one employee be painting dot on the floor for the table leg . to make sure all the table line up properly , a string have be tack to the floor . sitting in a chair in front of the bandstand be a man in he late 40' , wear black pants and a khaki shirt -- civilian clothes , but he probably would make anything he wear look like a uniform . top sidaris . he sit , arm fold , listen to a young band , long hair , salvation Army clothes , flail away at a Seattle grunge imitation . well , top do not so much listen as tolerate . serling walk through the front door , blink in the darkness and focus on top . top that 's enough ! that 's enough ! cease ! cease music !!! the band stop . lead singer you want to hear another song ? top no . that 's enough . I tell you , my ear be bleed . bass player but you do not give we a chance . we do not get to finish the first song . top do not get you short in a bind , son . you be hire . I do not know if you be any good , but you make enough noise and that 's all that count with this crowd . drummer hire ? cool . top on one condition . you play at least one song that 's on my jukebox . deal ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 25 . the band member look at each other , confer , and head for the jukebox . top turn corner in top turn away from they and head for a table in a back the dark . serling hey , top , need someone to wash glass ? and see serling . top Major ! oh , it 's Colonel now . sorry , sir . what be you do here , sir ? transferred out of that paper-push quagmire to a real Army posting ? serling no , t.d.y . just do a little leg work for General hershberg . top come over here to my office , sort of he lead serling to the corner table . one of the band member turn from the jukebox . guitarist hey , mister . top first sergeant or top will do . guitarist there 's not a song on here after 1980 . top ' 75 . you back out of the deal ? guitarist no , sir . top top . I be not a sir , I work for a live . no offense , Colonel . serling none take . can a fella get a drink in this joint ? I will buy you one . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 26 . top a little early for I , sir . he head to the bar , glance at the band member argue at the jukebox . top I do not understand this Seattle grunge sound . go right by I . serling that 's probably the point . bourbon . neat . top so how 's d.c.? forget D.C. , we all know how D.C. be every time we tune in to CNN . fuck D.C. how 's the family ? serling ( shrugging ) the same . I see you catch yourself a nice featherbed here . top well , hell , I retire and this thing come up . it 's not too bad . the beer 's cheap and it give I time to spend with my grandkid . my son be a wo3 now . serling good for he . sorry to see you , leave the Army , top . always think you would go for sergeant Major . it be not because of Al bathra be it ? top naw . sergeant Major be never for I . too much politics . I always say I would get out if I ever hada chance at one last good fight . Desert Storm be that for I . after all that ... mean year and . well , I go out happy and proud . muller ! a employee run over , snap to attention convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 27 . top be that a bottle of johnny Walker next to the bushmills ? what be the stand order for bottle behind the bar ? muller alphabetical order , top , but I think , maybe since I get more order for the jw I would move it where it be handier . top and how be I go to do my inventory with any expedience . and all the johnny walker go in the " we ' " not the " js ' " . Black then Red . muller you know , top , I could do the inventory for you . top it 's my responsibility . I will do the inventory . serling but I will take a hit off that johnny Walker before you move it . top pour the drink . muller fix the bottle . top he 's right , though . alphabetical look ... unorderly . maybe the bottle should be arrange by height , tall to short . serling you hear anything from patella ? top he leave the Army . settle in Florida . serling a good man . top he be one of the best gunner I ever see . it 's too bad what he 's do to himself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 28. serling what 's that ? top last time I see he he be climb into the bottle so far he could pull the cork after he . he look pointedly at serling 's drink . serling can not face top . the band member come over . lead singer we find a sly and the family Stone song we can cover . top good . now one other thing . see this here vu meter . he point to the one on the wall behind the bar . top it go in the red and I pull the plug . like this . he flick a switch on the bar . the stage light go dark the power for the amp and mike go out with a pop . top and I get to recognize the jukebox song . do not try to get away with any kind of musical camouflage . see you tonight . nineteen hundred hour . be on time or I dock you skinny little ass . the band move away , not quite sure what they have get themselves into . top that 's showbiz . he watch as serling pull himself a refill . serling maybe I should visit patella . top maybe there 's room in that bottle for both of you . serling look at top -- shocked , embarrassed . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org top let I be blunt , sir , if I may . serling you may , not that you ever need permission . top I mean blunt , sir . now I be retire I seem to have this fuck you attitude that go with old man and young stud . he look directly at serling . top you fuck up , sir . you make a command decision in a combat environment under hostile fire -- and you be wrong . that 's the chance you take when you make decision . nobody 's perfect -- not even the saint General hershberg . you make decision and you hope you be right more than you be wrong . just like any other job . except when a combat officer fuck up -- people get kill . it 's a war , sir . people get kill . I repeat for the particularly dense . you be go to make mistake . some people will die . do not make the same mistake twice . and drive on . you be a good officer , sir , the best combat officer I have see in almost thirty year . you belong with the troops . ( continue ) get out of babble - land and back in the field . get past this . now I need a drink . 29 . he grab serling 's glass and empty it . the door open and the enlist man start to pour in . among they be Lieutenant chelli and the survivor of the blackhawk . top I be get too salty in my old age . stick around , sir . we will talk about the good time . shoot the shit . smoke and joke . serling I have to get down to ben in the morning . early . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 30 . he watch Lt. chelli and the gang . full of camaraderie and good spirit . serling thanks for the advice , top , but you say it all before . top if you do see patella have he call I . serling I will . here , buy that table a round on I . top who be they ? serling heroes . Real heroes . and he leave . top take the prefer money and look at chelli 's table , then back at serling , who be out the door . ext . fort bragg , dusk serling walk . a formation run by call cadence . formation if I die in a combat zone , box I up and send I home . put my medal on my chest , tell my mom I do my best . the flag be lower . serling watch . he walk by a old tank mount on a concrete block . a old tank , WWII , weld shut , a freeze monument . to what ? serling do not know . int . boq , night serling enter the bachelor officer quarter . he be tired , not physically , just drain . he get to he room , open the door . it stick . there be a manila envelope wedge between the door and the floor . serling pull it out . chelli 's article . serling toss it on the bed with a wry smile . he go to he briefcase and pull out a airline bottle of booze . he open it , realize what he be do , and determinedly screw the cap back on . then sit on the bed , more tired then ever . he be sit on chelli 's envelope . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 31. yanking it out from under he butt , he look at it a moment , then open the clasp . he start read . outside , a armore personnel carrier roll by , that clanking roar all too familiar to serling . ext . desert , night the vague , black outline of a roll monster in a dark desert landscape . boom ! that vehicle blow up . in the fire and flame it become a arab m110 tank . boom ! secondary explosion tear off the turret . a american tank , m1a1 abram , roll by the burn vehicle . serling , a Major , be half - in- half - out of the abram , on the radio . the desert be full of tank , on line , Americans roll across the battlefield , leave burn enemy tank behind they like row of giant smoke pot on a barren field . fifty meter behind the tank -- a line of m2 / m3 Bradley fight vehicle , smaller cannon , ungainly - thing . serling enemy tank at twelve o'clock ! " gunner ! patella target ! serling sabot ! patella up ! serling Fire ! patella on the way ! boomi the tank 's big gun fire . up ahead a tank blow ! serling look down at patella , a fresh - face kid with the sorry beginning of a mustache . patella beam . serling good shoot , patella . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 32. serling 's tank roll past this new victim . it burn , a dead man sprawle across the track . the sand next to the burn tank stir , shift . and then , from the sand like giant beast rise from the bowel of the earth , four tank emerge . t- 55' , Russian make . Big , ugly , mean look chunks of steel . the one serling pass swivel its turret until its big gun be aim at the back of the Americans . they fire ! the huge gun belch a column of flame at the Americans . serling be riding along , call out order , keep he company in line when ... the abram to he leave blow up ! serling Holy shit ! where do that come from ?!! Black four ! Black four ! this be Black six ! Red Three be just take out ! anybody see the shooter ?!! patella I do not see anything fire ! patella scan the desert . serling , peer through he night vision goggle , look right , leave then behind he -- just in time to see a burst of flame from the muzzle of a arab tank . the abram to he right be hit . it smoke and one tread fly off . the crippled tank spin in a circle . serling turn about ! turn about ! who 's that fire ?!! we bradley ?! Black four , this be Black six , over . top ( v.0. filter ) Black six , this be Black four . serling Black four , get on the horn to Red Three , find out if we bradley be fire at we . over. patella ? what do you see ? paitella hard to make out , sir . patella 's stare at he night vision scope . boom ! a vehicle spew out a ball of flame behind they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 33 . boomi the sand explode a few meter from serling 's tank ! serling duck down . top ( v.0. filter ) Black six , this be Black four ! Red Three say he have enemy tank in he line . I say again - enemy tank in we Red line . over ! boom ! a round glance off serling 's tank ! serling be shake , sweat , scared . serling patella ! find I target ! patella get one , sir ! I think . serling " I think " ! do you or do you not have a target , patella ? on the Bradley line a Bradley aim it 's 25 mm at one of the T - 55 's and fire ! no effect . patella get one , sir ! he just fire ! through he green night vision it be hard to tell the Bradley from the T - 55 . serling sabot ! there be gunfire all round he - a tank battle ! patella up ! serling peer through the goggle . Machine gun fire glance off he tank . he duck . patella sir? round up ! serling see the abram to he side take another round . patella Sir ?! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 34 . serling Fire ! patella on the way ! the abram ' big gun bellow . the blast kick up a cloud of dust and sand in front of it . they wait . top ( v.0. , filter ) Black six , this be Black four . we just lose Red Three . across the desert one of the bradley be a flame wreck . the dust begin to settle . serling target ! patella get one , sir ! serling look through he night vision at the burn vehicle . do he recognize it ? serling oh , God ... boylar ... patella target , sir ! serling patella , be you sure we be not fire at we own bradley ? patellx they fire , sir ! serling at we or at the T -55' ? patella at ... oh , God . boom ! a round land near serling ! the tank shudder . loader Sir ! we be take fire ! serling look through he night vision . loader sir! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 35 . everyone wait for the next round to come . driver ( v.0. , filter ) Sir ? serling Black four , this be Black six . order all bradley to turn .ninety degree and stop . ninety and stop . over . top ( v.0. , filter ) ninety and stop . Roger . out . serling patella ! target ? the bradley all turn sideways to serling 's tank . patella tank , sir ! serling Front on ? or side on ? patella Front on . serling sabot ! patella up ! serling Fire ! patella on the way ! boom ! a t-55 explode . another ! then another as the other tank follow serling 's example . patella we get ‘em , sir ! there be a lot of cheer on the radio traffic . but serling be oblivious . he stare through the dust , wait for it to settle again . to focus on the burn Bradley . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 36 . serling Newton , let 's go check out we first hit . the driver turn the tank around and they head back . serling take off he night goggle . the burn vehicle come into view . serling stare at it . a star become visible on the char side . a limp arm hang out of the hatch . serling 's tank stop . patella oh shit ... oh shit , oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ... a constant , tragic litany as he stare at the ruin Bradley , now plainly visible . serling just shake he head , tear in he eye . serling boylar ... int . boq , night serling stare at the page of chelli 's article , but he do not see it anymore . finally he toss it aside . grab the little bottle of booze and drain it . he toss away the bottle in disgust . ext . fort benning , day Fort ben , Georgia . serling drive through the gate . ext . airfield , day Big C - 130 hercules lumber down the runway and then , impossibly take to the air . serling ride in a humvee across the airfield , past a group of soldier in parachute wait on the tarmac . the humvee stop in front of the 264th Medical company - Air ambulance . there be a huey and a blackhawk helicopter on pad out front , more in the nearby hangar . serling enter the company hq , a quonset hut . int . hq , morning there be a sp / 5 behind a desk . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 37 . serling look for major teegarden . sp / 5 in the back , sir . he gesture . serling go into the back . major teegarden be play a gameboy with captain cousins . serling Major teegarden , nat serling . I be do the follow through on you Medal of honor recommendation for Captain walden . teegarden really ? about time . gladtomeetcha . this be Captain cousin . what take you so long ? serling I work at the Pentagon . teegarden " nuff say . Coke ? coffee ? serling coffee would be nice . Black . can you break down the event of 26 , 27 February , ' 91 for I ? teegarden sure thing . I be on call if that 's okay . let 's see . I send out Dust off two , warrant Officer fowler , at about 10:20 hour to evac the troop from that vehicular accident . we be get ready to move forward , provide support for element of the 82nd airborne and the 24th mech . serling a routine run . teegarden well , kinda routine . we be in Iraq by then . Captain fowler could not fly above 100 foot , that be we ceiling . so the fly boy could go low for they bombing run . we radio lose contact below 250 , 300 . so we be deaf . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 38 . teegarden ( cont 'd ) and there be the dust and then the smoke from Kuwait , oil field burn . visibility be nil . so we be blind , too . and sand everywhere . cousins Sand storm , sand devil , sand out ! Sand in the rotor , sand in the fuel , sand in the intake . Sand in you eye , sand in you nose , you ear , you food , you water , you mouth , up you ass , in place you do not know you have place . I be still find sand and I have be home for year . sorry . he be embarrassed and go back to he gameboy . serling when do you realize fowler 's ship might be in trouble ? teegarden well , you sort of know how long a mission take , how long enroute , the pick up , how long to the mash , how long to return . I give ‘em some leeway . I give fowler almost a hour . then I call hq . they confirm the pick up . then I get the mash unit on the horn and find out fowler have not deliver . I be not that worried . a sandstorm could have put them down . he look at cousin . cousins sometimes the visibility be so bad you set down to wait it out . they usually blow over . teegarden but I call Air rescue anyway . the sp / 5 come in . sp / 5 Major , we have a possible heat exhaustion on the small arm range . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 39 . teegarden dwayne , grab that for I . Captain cousin put away he cameboy and run out . through the window serling see the crew join he at the blackhawk . teegarden heat stroke can roll out of heat exhaustion . heat stroke can kill . serling how do Captain walden get involved in the search ? teegarden she come to I . the blackhawk take off outside . teegarden watch it go . teegarden when she first come to the unit , walden ride co-pilot with fowler during she orientation . they be friend . they would trade envelope . serling traded envelope ? teegarden when we first get there , on the way over actually , we each write a letter to whoever ... in case we do not come back . we do not know what we be get into . Saddam 's crack army , best in the world , in continuous control for year . we be ... green . so we write this letter and trade they . you know , in case anything happen to I send this to my folk , my wife ... I actually find Captain walden 's letter in fowler 's footlocker when we pack he ... effect . I send it to she folk . serling Captain walden and fowler be close . teegarden no closer than anyone else . no romance or anything , if that 's what you be imply . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 40 . serling I be not imply anything .. teegarden we be all close . just the few of we , four chopper and they crew . most of the time we be off by ourselves . we be yeah , close . serling I be in a tank unit in Desert Storm . I know how close you get -- especially in combat . I be sorry . so Captain walden approach you . teegarden we be all monitoring the rescue channel . Captain walden come to I . Karen know fowler , know he fly habit , think she could retrace he route . serling you agree ? teegarden ( angry ) ; yes , we be medevac . rescue be we business , too . serling I be not question you decision , Major . so she go . teegarden not right away . I make she wait a hour in case rescue come up with something . then I say okay . I make she strap on the extra fuel pod . she be not to attempt evacuation . there be too many on fowler 's blackhawk for the huey anyway . walden 's mission be to spot Dust off two , go for altitude to call in the location , then render what aid they could until the rescue team arrive . that be my order . sp / 5 come in . sp / 5 Sir , medevac at Saint mare elyse . bee sting . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 41 . teegarden Roger . on it . ( to serling ) I have get to take this . serling bee sting ? teegarden start out the door . teegarden for some people it could lead to anaphylactic shock . could be fatal . come along if you want . ext . pad , day serling follow teegarden out to the pad . the rest of the crew and co-pilot meet he . this be a team . they have do this thousand of time . serling be seat in the back , give a helmet , strapped in . they take off . the dialogue throughout the flight be hear over the intercom . serling do Captain walden file a flight plan ? teegarden not as such , but we discuss she route . she be go to follow the euphrate , along the Eastern bank . fowler use to say he fly English style , on the wrong side of the road . some kind of silly business to confuse the enemy . I use to tell fowler that personally I think he be confuse but ... finally I tell Karen , Captain walden , she could fly . serling finally ...? teegarden well , to tell the truth , I be delay she as much as I could hope that rescue would come up with something . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 42 . teegarden ( cont 'd ) I suppose that 's why when walden go down it get dark before we ... but walden be insistent , so I say okay . besides , I figure there could not be any harm in have another pair of eye out there look for fowler . serling you feel some reservation about you decision ? teegarden turn to look back at serling . they be fly over the base , serling try not to look down . teegarden what the hell do that have to do with the action of Captain walden on 26 - 27 February ' 91 ? serling none . I just ... do you have any contact with Captain walden after she leave you base camp ? teegarden we lose contact after she be twenty minute out or so . she be keep low , like I say , we ceiling be down to give the jet a lower profile . she put down once because a dust storm degrade visibility ... serling you learn this on the radio ? teegarden no . that I learn after the action . serling please stay with what you personally witness . I will be interview the crew later . why do you send along specialist altameyer and the machine gun ? be not that unusual for a medevac ? teegarden well ... there would be report of aircraft take ground fire along the euphrate . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 43 . teegarden ( cont 'd ) nothing of consequence . could have be some trigger happy bedouin , that people fire gun in the air like kid wave at train . plus , walden 's mission be not to evacuate , but to locate and report . there be a mp unit next door to we base camp . altameyer be always hang around the company area . he have a hard - on for chopper . crew chief do not we all ? teegarden smile at he Crew Chief . they be over the area . a ground soldier guide they in for the landing . the medic bail and run to where a group of soldier circle a prone man . serling so the next time you hear anything of walden 's situation ... teegarden it be a rough night . as soon as the sun go down and neither aircraft have return ... I do not think anyone in the company get any sleep . at first light , division Intelligence and search and rescue report they have satellite infrared photo they think might be we two bird . we cranke up and go in with the rescue party . I fly one huey , Captain liebman we other blackhawk . the medic come run to the huey accompany a litter . the litter be put aboard . serling look at the man on the litter . he be all puffed up , red face , gasp for air . medic let 's get this one to the hospital , stat . he 's swell like a blow fish . I have poke he with some epinephrine , but we gotta get he some help before he throat swell shut . the chopper take off . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 44 , teegarden Roger . he call in to the hospital , briefing they on they patient . the man on the litter start pull on serling 's arm ina panic . medic hold he , sir . hold he still . serling hold the man as the medic cut a slit in he throat . medic Sir , he 's not get any air . I be traching he . the man struggle as the medic try to insert a tube through he throat . serling calm he . serling you be go to be okay , troop . just relax . you be in the best of hand . just relax . finally the tube be in and the man be get air . the patient relax . serling let go of he and sit back down . serling uh ... where be we ? what do you see when you get to the crash site ? teegarden two waste chopper . they be so shot up they look like termite have be at fez . I be surprised anyone be alive . they be encircle by a hundred maybe more of enemy troops move in under cover of fire . oh , and a waste tank on the ridgeline . serling you call in the willy Peter strike ? teegarden yes . it be a hot lz . we could not stay to retrieve the body . when ilario , walden 's Crew Chief tell I that Captain walden and she co - pilot wo rady be both dead well , we all see the footage on ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 45 . teegarden ( cont 'd ) CNN when they drag we boy through the street of Baghdad . I be not go to let that happen to any of my people ... especially a woman . and do not think that 's a sexist remark . I know this people . I ... care about this ... they die ... bravely . I be not go to let anyone desecrate ... so , yes , I call in the air strike . a cremation if you will . serling you never see the body of walden or rady or the blackhawk crew ? teegarden no . I do not . I have see enough dead people . serling you say there be enemy fire during the rescue . teegarden yes . we take some hit . liebman 's blackhawk take some hit . we have one man wounded in the evacuation , berg . serling when do you learn about the event that occur on the previous night ? teegarden at the mash . altameyer , ilario and monfriez start talk . that 's when I write up the citation . I do not expect the Medal of honor would actually come through . most of they get knock down to the Silver Star or a Air Medal , but ... I want everybody to know how extraordinarily this soldier have perform . they land at the hospital . doctor and nurse be wait on the pad . they hustle the patient into the emergency room . the medic go with they . serling why do she do it ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 46 . teegarden I ... I do not know . do anyone ? serling you say she be aggressive . be she a hot dog ? teegarden no . very conscientious . a highly motivate individual , but not a nintendo jockey . serling why do she do it ? why do not she just go for altitude and call in the location ? teegarden and watch that tank chew up fowler and he crew -- the patient . people be in trouble . we help people in trouble . it 's we job . serling would any of you other pilot have do the same ? teegarden I do not know . would I ? I do not know . I hope so . I would hope we all have in we whatever Captain walden find that day . but ... " be shea hot dog ? " " be she audie Murphy ? " " why do she do it ? " what do this have to do with the citation ? serling nothing . just curious . teegarden same here . same here . the medic come back with five Dr. pepper . he toss one to each of the man . they all drink - except for serling . serling you put altameyer , ilario and monfriez for the Silver Star and Air Medal . teegarden yes , and they deserve it . they receive they . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 47 . serling good man ? teegarden the best . drink finish , teegarden lift the chopper off the pad . serling then why do you transfer they out of you unit after Desert Storm ? teegarden well , altameyer be not mine in the first place , he be a mp . you will have to ask he CO . ilario and monfriez request transfer for a variety of reason they own . I have no reason to deny it . after what they would do it be the least I could do . the least . they land at the airstrip . teegarden shut the huey down . serling thanks , Major . I might call you back with some follow up . teegarden she gonna get it ? the Medal of honor ? serling just a matter of rubber stamp the paperwork as far as I can see . teegarden good . the helicopter be still . they walk back to the quonset hut . serling it always reflect well on a unit , and thusly the command Officer when someone under they command be recognize . a career enhancement they call it in d.c . teegarden look at serling , he anger grow . teegarden you think that 's why I do it ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 48. teegarden ( cont 'd ) you ... I know something about you , Colonel . I can put it in one word . fratricide . serling be bring up cold . serling I wonder if that word be any better than what it replace . friendly Fire . teegarden so you have get no room to cast any doubt on the action of Captain walden and she crew or I , for that matter . not one bit . serling no one know that better than I , Major . and he walk away . int . office , day serling be on the phone . serling Colonel serling . be the General busy ? thanks . he wait . he be in the Hall of heroes , important man and action in airborne history depict on the wall . serling General . I have a message here to call you ... ( beat ) Fine , fine . I just finish speak with the c.0. who write up the citation . ( beat ) a little touchy . I yank he chain a couple of time but I think he 's just the touchy type , not cover up anything . just touchy . ( beat ) I be still here at ben . one of the eyewitness be a instructor at the Ranger School now . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 49 . serling ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I will stay in contact . by the way sir , I be forward to you a article write by a Lieutenant who survive the incident . it 's a after report of Al bathra . ( beat ) nothing new , but well write . ( beat ) he 's ambitious , intelligent , well speak and not shy about speak he mind . you kind of officer . ( beat ) me. I be do fine . i'1l report again in a day or two after I have interview all three eyewitness . could I talk to banachek again ? ( beat ) thank you , sir . serling look at the poster behind he . the hierarchy of award for the Army . at the peak - the Army Medal of honor . serling banachek , could you find something for I ? a guy I serve with in Desert Storm just receive a medical discharge . could you track he down for I ? get a address ? patella , first name loren , middle ; name Michael . ( beat ) thanks , I will call tomorrow . ' bye . ext . ranger school , day Young man with shave head go through the discipline hell of Ranger School , instructor bark at they heel like chihuahua on steroid . the student look haggard . the cadre , in they beret and starch fatigue , look like Army poster boy . serling walk up to the Ranger Officer watch the training , talk to he . the officer point up . serling look . a fifty foot tower , fast rope training - sort of a speed up rapelling - man zip down the rope , some with more finesse than other . while staff sergeant altameyer , a black tough , harangue they . altameyer be buff . there be a long furrow of a scar on he leave forearm . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 50 . altameyer get down the rope , soldier ! somebody 's shoot at you !. you be a sniper 's wet dream hang in the air like that ! go! go! go ! you be slow down the man behind you ! you be gonna get he ass waste ! this chopper 's be in the air too long ! get down there ! move it ! move it ! move it ! c'mon ! what 's wrong ?! you want to live forever ?! you scared ?! he have a recalcitrant soldier , tired or scared , hard to tell , but he 's pause at the top of the rope . altameyer c'mon fedderman . chopper 's leavin ! the war 's wait on you ass ! what be you afraid of ?! all you can do be break you spine . it do not hurt and you get a spiffy set of wheel . altameyer quickly hook up to one of the rope and jump over the side of the platform . head down ! altameyer plummet the fifty foot - not slide - fall the whole way head first . he put the brake on for the last two yard and come to a stop - he head inch from the ground . fedderman , the recalcitrant student , ashamed , come down in fit and start . altameyer watch . altameyer c'mon soldier . let loose . scare I ! fedderman be down . the Ranger go over to altameyer and pull he aside . serling can not hear they , but it be apparent that altameyer be get he ass chew . at the end of the dress down the officer point to serling and altameyer come over , salute . altameyer Sir ! the CO say you want to speak to I . serling yes , I be do the follow through on Captain Karen Emma walden 's Medal of honor recommendation . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 51 . altameyer ( surprised ) something wrong ? serling no . just crossing the T 's dotting the I 's . can we talk ? altameyer yes , sir . I have be let off duty for the rest of the day . they walk across the field to the parking lot . altameyer keep give serling sidelong glance . altameyer I do not know what to tell you that I do not already say . they get it all in write . serling I read the transcript . altameyer be not that enough ? serling not for the Pentagon . altameyer you talk to the other guy ? serling not yet . but I will . altameyer this here 's my car , sir . I be think of go to the gym to work out for the box team . could we do this there ? altameyer look at serling to see if he 's impressed . he should be . a saleen mustang convertible - turbo-charged , black with a red interior - the muscle car of the 90' . serling get in . serling sure , anywhere you be comfortable . int . mustang , day altameyer smile and key the saleen to life , peel rubber out of the parking lot . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 52 . serling you be a mp in Desert Storm . altameyer Roger that , sir . serling you hang around the medevac unit . altameyer I do , some . serling you like helicopter ? altameyer negative on that , sir . do not even like to fly in plane . do not before my crash , do not especially now . serling but you do hang around the medevac unit . you want to be a medic ? altameyer I want to hump a nurse once , that count , sir ? I see where you be go . I play poker . that medevac folk , between mission , have a lot of spare time on they hand . want to know a poker secret , sir ? make you a mint . the people you play against , find out what they be interested in , pretend you be interested . they start run off at the mouth do not pay no attention to they card . they medevac folk , they do love to talk about chopper . he grin . altameyer medevac folk buy this here auto . yeah , I hang at the medevac . I hang , I play , they talk , I win . serling until February 26 . altameyer well ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 53. altameyer pull into the parking lot of a gym . he go inside , serling follow . int . gym , day altameyer be know here . a lot of high fives , grab -ass , shout hellos . he and serling go to the locker room . int . locker room altameyer begin to change . off come he shirt and T-shirt . there be another scar , a big one , across he back . serling notice it . altameyer notice serling notice . altameyer I have some phy rehab time , get into box . serling so , how do you come to be on Captain walden 's helicopter ? altameyer uh , let 's see . Major what 's he butt ... carden Party . serling eye altameyer . be the sergeant fuck with he ? serling teegarden . altameyer right . he ask I , say they be on a search and rescue and they might need some gun . the war have just get cranking and we do not know what old Saddam insane have in he pocket . I say okay . I be not see any action and I ... you know . so , I get I a 240 and bungy it in one of the huey doorway and away we go . serling do you know Captain walden before this ? altameyer see she around . not much . she do not play poker , for money , she say . she ... be just another officer . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 54 . he turn he back on serling . in he sweat now , he begin to tape he hand . serling the flight be uneventful . up until ... altameyer up until ... he smile sardonically . altameyer we set down once , dust storm . that and the oil fire . we could not see shit so we hit ground to wait it out , let it blow over . we be down for a half hour or so . then we go back up . God , I hate the dust . hate the dust . hate it . he hate something . he bite off the tape . serling how long before you spot the crash blackhawk ? altameyer half hour , forty minute . altameyer pause , busy himself with he hand . it be evident serling have to prompt he . serling so tell I what happen . altameyer well , it all happen so fast , at first . then it seem to take forever . we come around a bend in the river - and there it be . nervously altameyer scrape a fingernail across the wooden bench . rhythmic scraping . ext . huey , day the same rhythm , but the chop chop of the blade as the huey zoom along the river thirty foot off the ground . the river run through a wide canyon , the cliff and ridge rise above the helicopter . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 55 . altameyer ride in the rear door , pilot 's side , machine gun at the ready . in back with he be crew chief ilario , a medic , and sp/4 monfriez . up front -- captain walden piloting and she co-pilot warrant officer rady . they follow the meander water as it curve around a bend . and abruptly come across a battle . the crash blackhawk , survivor fire they weapon . across the river bank -- the tank . a round explode from the tank gun . flame belch from the cannon . Ground troops move toward the crash blackhawk , fire as they go . ilario there they be ! monfriez fuck , a tank ! they be in deep shit . walden there 's you target , altameyer . get it . walden bank hard ! stand on the skid , hang from he safety strap , altameyer watch the tank appear in the open void directly beneath he . he open fire ! the bullet glance off the steel hide of the tank . the machine gunner on the tank unleash a stream of fire at the chopper . the clank of bullet slapping into the aluminum shell of the huey . a couple of hole appear magically under monfriez ' foot . monfriez Holy shit ! we be take fire ! the tank cannon go off again . a huge explosion near the blackhawk ! enemy fire pepper the huey . walden I will try another pass ! altameyer wo not do no good . I might as well be pissing on that tank . rady what we need be a airstrike ! bomb that fucker back to Baghdad . walden by the time a jet jockey get here ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 56 . ilario and we be not get no bomb . walden monfriez , unhook the aux fuel pod , prepare to toss it overboard ! altameyer , put a hold on that 240 ! get the flare gun from the survival kit . monfriez toss it overboard ? what the fuck ? walden do it ! it 's a bomb ! monfriez get it , he go to unhook the big square fuel pod . altameyer scramble to find the survival kit . altameyer survival kit ... survival kit ... ilario find it for he , pass he the flare gun and a flare . altameyer fumble the flare into the barrel . walden bank the chopper to go back to the tank . they fly over the crash blackhawk . desperate face look up at they . rady be twenty foot away from some kid . they eye meet . rady climb for altitude and call in we co-ord ? walden after we slow down the tank . otherwise there will not be anything for they to rescue . target come up ! she near the tank . monfriez ready here . the auxiliary fuel pod teeter on its perch . altameyer ready here . she bank over the tank . the tank machine gunner let loose . tracers arc to the chopper , whistle through the doorway , a few plunk into the side and front window . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 57 . walden choose you moment ! monfriez drop the pod ! the huey jump up in the air with the weight loss ! altameyer be scared . the pod miss the tank by twenty foot . monfriez shit ! shit ! walden we will try again . prepare the starboard pod . right away . rady , we fly ? rady no damage yet ! none that 's stop we ! he look at the gash in the window near walden 's head . monfriez ready ! walden altameyer ! altameyer ready ! walden have another flare ready in case you miss . altameyer I will not . ilario I get one . walden here we go ! pick you moment ! rady allow for the speed of the craft . the pod will drop at the same ... monfriez I get it ! TI get it ! they bank over the tank again ! the gunner fire at they ! tracers chew at the huey ! Soldiers on the ground fire up at they ! monfriez drop the pod . the chopper lurch ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 58 . the pod burst upon hit the tank . a direct hit ! gasoline spew everywhere . monfriez get it ! altameyer fire the flare gun . it strike the tank . the tank burst into flame . the soldier onboard the huey cheer , shout , yell in triumph ! but only for a instant . they be in trouble . walden frantically fight the control . the chopper tail be out of control . walden grab something ! hold on ! rady , call in a mayday ! she look over . rady sag in he chair , blood pour down he chest . the window in front of he be shattered by bullet hole ! walden switch channel on the radio . ilario strap into the seat . monfriez hook up . walden mayday ! mayday ! Dust off Three be go down ! mayday ! they crash ! they hit hard ! it be awful quiet for a moment . Dust settles . a hot engine tick as it cool . a moan . a little movement . altameyer hang by he safety strap outside the chopper door , the 240 dangle over he head . the barrel be inch from he nose . he skitter out of the way . it hurt to move . he get up painfully . the chopper have splay its skid , sit in a angle . the rear rotor be imbed in the roof , protrude inside . walden , unbuckle , be bend over rady . walden ilario , rady 's hurt ! ilario be fumble with he strap . monfriez be hang out the other door . boom ! the tank blow . secondary explosion as the ammo go off . the ground troops , small figure on the ridgeline begin to fire . round pock the huey , kick up grit on the rock between the huey and the ridge . walden altameyer , get the 240 work ! with ilario 's help she get rady into the back of the helicopter . ilario go to work on he . altameyer unbungy the machine gun . walden monfriez , check for fire ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 59 . he do that while walden go back up front to check the radio . altameyer return fire . walden this be Dust off Three . this Dust off Three . acknowledge , all channel . this be Dust off Three . she click through all channel . nothing . walden ilario ? altameyer , easy on the ammo . we might be here a while . the three conscious man look at she . monfriez no fire , fuel tank intact . walden ilario ? rady ... ilario he 's in a bad way . lung shot . not much I can do here . she bend over rady , wipe the blood from rady 's face . walden the head wound ? ilario superficial . Radio ? walden Dead . she turn to survey the scene . come down the ridge carefully , under cover fire , be the enemy . she look the other way . across the river , three hundred meter or more , be the crash blackhawk . a few man there can be see look at the huey . walden ilario , could rady manage if we carry he to the blackhawk ? ilario I do not know , Captain , it might kill he . he might die in the next fifteen second just lay there . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 60 . monfriez I be not sure we can make it . walden look at monfriez , who have he m - 16 out and be check to see if it 's load . he point . four or five enemy soldier have position themselves up the river behind a pile of rock . someone from the blackhawk fire on they . monfriez we try to get there we walk right into they gun . carry rady we might as well just shoot ourselves , save they the bullet . she look out over altameyer 's shoulder . the enemy troops have stop move , find cover in the rock below the ridgeline . occasionally one of they shoot . the bullet punch hole in the chopper , but the main body be protect by a outcropping of stone . altameyer return fire . short two or three - round burst from the 240 . walden ammo ? altameyer I get this belt and another five hundred . walden I guess we wait . monfriez for what ? walden search and rescue . she look at the man . they do not feel a bit of she confidence . actually , neither do she . Machine gun fire . everyone duck , then look up at the ridge . one enemy soldier with no live target be fire at the huey 's tail . full magazine emptied in one long blast , perforate the aluminum tail . laughter , then another long burst . burrupp ! int . locker room , day altameyer 's fingernail have cut a groove in the wooden bench top . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 61 . each scrape of he fingernail create a loud sound similar to the machine gun . altameyer see that serling be watch the nervous scraping . he stop self - consciously . serling tell I about the night . altameyer I never see it get so dark . no city light . just black . Black . it 's hard to describe to someone who be not there . serling I be there . altameyer yeah ? infantry ? serling tank . altameyer you would not get I in no tank . death trap . there you be sit on five hundred gallon of diesel fuel , a couple hundred round of high explosive artillery in you ass pocket . we see a lot of dead tank with crispy critter hang out of they over there . serling well you know who turn they into crispy critter . not infantry . tank . other tank . he let that sink in . serling tell I what happen during the night . altameyer not much . the Captain put we on two -hour watch , but there be not no need . none of we be go to sleep . int . huey , night the four of they sit with the wounded man , peer out at the night . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 62 . altameyer with the 240 and ilario with he beretta pistol in he lap , at one door . at the other door , monfriez cradle the m - 16 while Captain walden have she own pistol in hand . walden I wish the moon would come out . she look up . there be a hint of the moon behind the cloud when they thin . ilario you think Air rescue will come tonight ? monfriez most likely they will wait for first light . walden we just have to hold we water until morning . altameyer I can hear they out there , move and talk - when you people be not gab . walden then I suggest everybody ... bam ! she shoot , right past monfriez ' head . a iraqi soldier fall , fire he weapon . suddenly the huey be under attack from all side ! they hardly see the enemy except when he be light up by he own gunfire . a small firefight . typical . instant chaos . gunfire that merge into one big blast of noise . then silence . the enemy can be hear scurrying away . the metallic clatter as walden fumble to reload she beretta . she fumble because she leave arm be shot up , in she forearm a bone splinter poke through the bloody hole . she have another bullet in she stomach . she get the beretta load one -hande , then discover the stomach wound . walden shit . then rouse herself . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 63. walden ilario , you hit ? you okay ? monfriez ? altameyer ? ilario I be okay . I be okay . monfriez my ear ... it 's bloody , the tip shot off . he touch it . it hurt . altameyer I take one . no , two . they look . there be a bloody furrow up he leave forearm and another across he rib cage . walden take care of he , ilario . ilario rady 's dead . cold , eye glaze over . Dead . ilario go to altameyer . altameyer I be cool . check the Captain out . she look serious . ilario go over to walden . the other watch . walden altameyer , monfriez , keep a look out . they might try again . how many round leave ? she grit she tooth as ilario examine she wound . walden how many round ? report . altameyer I be open my second box of ammo . my last . monfriez I have get one magazine leave for the ' 16 . beretta 's full . ilario mine 's empty . no more nag . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 64 . altameyer I have get another mag . here . walden almost scream , swallow it . walden both of you fire a couple of round off , let they know we be still alive and kick . they do so . walden now save you ammo for something you can see . they stare out into the dark . altameyer ( v.o . ) the trouble be you could not see a damned thing . you know they be out there , sneaking up on we , ready to try again , but you could not see ... you could not see . altameyer 's eye stare out at the night . int . locker room , day altameyer be back there , in the desert , stare out into the night . the thousand - yard stare . altameyer you could not see . serling the rest of the night go without incident . altameyer take a breath , back in the real world . altameyer yeah . be not that enough for one night ? he be suddenly belligerent , realize it , and cover with a smile . he nervously rub the scar on he forearm . serling we could continue this tomorrow if it 's get to you . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 65 . altameyer what ? serling if this thing be get too close ... you know . we could finish up tomorrow . altameyer I do not get emotional about this shit . it 's a gig , you know . my job . it 's in the job description . you be gonna get shot at and shit on for chump change . but you get to travel to the worst asswipe country in the world , sample they worst disease , eat the worst food , in the midst of the worst weather , the meanest bug and snake and crawl critter in the worst condition know to man . now ask I why I do it . c'mon , ask I . ask I . serling why ? altameyer " Cause I get to kill people . he try a macho killer smile . it start to fail , so he strut into the gymnasium . serling tell I what happen at dawn . int . gym altameyer Dawn . why be it people think only good thing will happen when the sun come up ? as if a little sunlight on the situation would make thing better . we know at first light they where go to attack . if they do -- we be dead man . serling and woman . altameyer look deep into serling 's eye , look for something . he do not find it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 66 . altameyer and woman . altameyer look at himself in the mirror check out he arm , he chest , he back . then look into he own eye . int . huey , morning the sun creep up over the mountain . the crew of Dust off Three be on watch , weapon ready , exhaust , sleepy - eye , spend . altameyer oh , fuck I . ilario fuck we . silhouett against the sun , enemy soldier be descend the ridgeline where the tank still burn . walden how many ? altameyer a hundred , maybe more . with more light , the ridge seem to have a soldier behind every rock . walden try to crawl over to get a look , but she wound stop any effort . altameyer get ready to fire . walden wait ' till they get closer . make every round count . monfriez we be gonna need every bullet . look . between the huey and the river thirty enemy soldier have find cover . ilario we be fuck . they all look at the enemy troops move in , skitter from cover to cover , advance on the huey . serling ( v.0 . ) be there any talk of surrender ? altameyer ( v.0o . ) none. never . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 67. everyone check they weapon . walden where 's rady 's berreta ? ilario pull aside the poncho cover rady 's body . he take rady 's beretta , the extra magazine . walden glad to have you with we , altameyer . sorry about the circumstance . altameyer what the hell , who want to live forever . ilario I do . walden quiet ! monfriez what the hell for ? they know we be here . walden quiet ! I hear something . chopper . that shut they up . they do not move -- all listen . ilario I do not hear shit . all this gunfire have make I deaf . my ear just ring . walden shhhh ! then they all hear it . so do the enemy . they stop move . chopper ! they all start search the sky , desperately look for they savior . the enemy decide to attack . gunfire begin to pour at the huey . bullet slap into the hull . the crew return fire . then around the bend of the river come the rescue team . cobras rake the enemy with electric mini gun . five thousand round a minute tear up the ridgeline . rocket be fire ! explosion on the ridge . ' the tank be hit again ! one cobra attack the enemy along the river , between the two crash chopper . the cobras be effective , but enemy fire be only reduce not stop . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 68 . the medevac chopper land , one blackhawk near the down blackhawk , one huey near the down huey . monfriez let 's get out of here ! ilario ! monfriez grab walden . ilario go to help . she gasp in pain . monfriez go down ! a bullet in the leg ! walden ilario ! help monfriez ! altameyer 's gun empty , he grab walden with he good arm . walden no! help monfriez ! I be stay with rady ! monfriez he 's dead ! walden I be not leave he behind ! come back with stretcher ! two stretcher ! go! go! she take the m - 16 . start lay down cover fire ! the man start to move , altameyer and ilario carry monfriez . , monfriez no ! no ! not without the Captain . he stop they . they all turn around to face the huey . in time to see walden cut down by enemy gunfire . five , six bullet tear through she body . tilario rush back . altameyer and monfriez follow . they gather around walden . she be dead . the enemy fire increase . mortar round begin to explode near the huey . altameyer let 's get out of here ! they move as fast as they can to the rescue huey pilote by Major teegarden . the Crew Chief and medic meet they halfway . monfriez be carry to the rescue huey . he tear away from the medic and tap teegarden on the shoulder . monfriez Captain walden be dead . so be rady . teegarden nod , lift off . all chopper leave the area . two jet come roaring in . teegarden talk on the radio , circle above the jet . the jet come in low , on a run . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 69 . bomb canister float out from below they . the bomb land on the two crash chopper . White phosphorus . Big , white explosion . Bright , white fire . the chopper be incinerate . instantly . teegarden 's huey leave . altameyer look out the door at the white smoke climb into the air . int . gym , night a weightlifter slap white powder on he hand before approach a weight . altameyer watch the white cloud of dust . he have he box glove on now . mcquillen altameyer , you ready ? serling you be wounded again in the evacuation . altameyer yeah . take a bullet . do not feel it until we get to the mash . in the back , scrape a rib , through and through . Little shit . altameyer step into the ring where medina , another boxer , wait . serling look at the old man who yell , mcquillen , natty even in fatigue - starch , tailore fatigue . mcquillen where 's you brain bucket ? altameyer do not need it . mcquillen you do not step in my ring without one . I have to tell you again and you will not have a head to put it on . a depart fighter toss he head gear to altameyer , who put it on . mcquillen ring the bell . altameyer and medina fight . well , altameyer take a lot of blow . he seem to take and give very little back . mcquillen c'mon , altameyer , plant one before the season 's over ! mcquillen look at serling . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 70 . mcquillen no fire . no killer instinct , know what I mean . he 's get something . ai not scared . wade in there , take a lot of punishment , eat a lot of leather , but he do not dish none out . well , some . altameyer take a brutal blow . it stagger he . he come back at he opponent , laugh . altameyer that 's the best you can throw at I ? what be you , some kind of pussy , medina ? you hit like a woman . my little sister hit harder than that . my mama hit harder . you some kind of fag ? medina start punch harder , try to shut altameyer up . altameyer just talk more trash , spitting out he mouthpiece and taunting medina through bloody tooth . mcquillen maybe he think he can win by wear out the other fella , if altameyer do not bleed to death first . mcquillen go in and stop the fight . altameyer protest . mcquillen let they go at it some more . altameyer be a human punch bag . blow after painful blow be take -- and he keep egging medina on . serling watch in horror and fascination . what 's wrong with altameyer ? ext . gym , night altameyer , face bruise and swollen , eye bloodshot , toss he bag in the back . serling get into the passenger side .. int . mustang , night altameyer start it up , drive away , a much more sedate ride than the one to the gym . serling what kind of officer be Captain walden ? altameyer female . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 71 . kinda short . he try to toss it off as a joke . serling do she display any ... characteristic that ... give you any idea of how she would perform in combat ? altameyer I do not know she . I be just on for the one gig . he be suspicious again . serling during the incident ... do she display any fear ... any doubt when she have to make that perilous decision ? altameyer perilous decision ... no , she just make they . a curt answer . serling just like that . altameyer just like that . serling be leave with he own thought . they arrive at the boq in silence . serling get out of the car . altameyer she be okay . she be ... what you be gonna do will make she a hero , right ? she ... deserve it . he be reach for the word . altameyer I just wish ... I just wish ... serling what ? altameyer I just wish I could be leave out of it . I do not want to tell that story again . not one more time . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 72 . serling why ? altameyer live it be enough . know what I mean ? serling I do . he go to altameyer 's side of the car , give he a card . serling thanks . here . call if you have anything to add to the eyewitness statement . they will pass it on to I . by the way , the Medal of honor do not make anyone a hero . it just recognize that fact . he head for the boq . altameyer drive away . ext . boq night serling watch the taillight fade . something about the sergeant bother he . finally he go inside . ext . lake , day a beautiful lake on a likewise beautiful morning . serling , in civilian clothes , approach a bait shop at the edge of the water and enter . int . bait shop worm , cricket , minnow , all on display with hand - tie fly and other fishing paraphernalia . a old woman , a hard - work walnut of a face , be pull a few dead minnow out of the tank to toss to a eager cat . serling Mrs. patella ? mrs . patella yes ? serling I be look for you son loren . I be at the clinic , they say he be here . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 73 . a old man come out of the back room . mr . patella who be you ? serling Colonel nat serling . they recognize the name . it do not overjoy they . Mrs. patella edge closer , sniff , wrinkle she nose . mr . patella he 's out at the mccaffrey place , painting they house . hope to hell he finish it before summer . serling could you give I direction ? mr . patella sure , draw you a map . know how you military type get all het up over map . he go to get some paper and a pen . Mrs. patella smile nervously at serling . mrs . patella loren admire the hell out of you , Colonel . maybe you could talk he into go back to the clinic . serling he drink again ? mr . patella it 's not the drink . everybody drink . mrs . patella not like that . Mr. patella shoot she a dirty look . mr . patella it 's ... let I put it this way , Colonel . I hide my gun . I do not want he to be alone in the house with a gun . you catch my drift ? serling I see . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 74 . mrs . patella talk to he , please . serling I will . mr . patella can you read a map ? serling the Army teach I . mr . patella then I will try to explain to you so you will not get lose . mrs . patella my husband be in the Marines . ext . lake , day very bucolic . cottage huddle around the lake . serling , look at he map , park behind one . half paint little summer cottage . he check the number with he map . serling patella ? no response . he go around the side , toward the lake . paint bucket , brushes , a splatter plastic drop cloth . a gunshot ! serling run to the lake . a man sit on the end of the dock , .22 rifle perch on he shoulder . he fire again ! at a bottle bob in the water . another shot and he sink it . serling walk out onto the dock . patella , a haunt man , hear the step on the dock and turn . patella Major ! he stand up , extend a hand , they shake , then hug . Old Army buddy . a little awkward , but friendly . serling what be you do ? patella sit down again . serling join he . there be a case of beer between they . patella send old soldier to sea and then to a watery grave . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 75 . he hold up a open bottle of beer -- half full . he drain it , look at the empty bottle . patella ever wonder why they call a empty bottle of booze a dead soldier ? serling look at the bottle , too . serling yes . patella have one . patella toss the empty into the water , pull out a full one from the case . serling no , thanks . patella do not tell I you be not drink , Major ? I can smell it on you . and you get to be drink some for it to come out you pore in the morning . serling I be try to quit . patella you be not go to lecture I . he fire at the bob bottle , miss . serling no , but I will pass on a word from you mother . she want you to go back . patella no way . worse than they Army . have to make you bed in the morning . have to pull kp . he shoot and hit the bottle . it sink . patella they do not understand . no one do . serling I know . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 76 . patella empty the bottle . it , too , go into the water and another come out of the case , be open , be drunk from . patella I do not like to drink , never do . before ... before I never be so much of a drinker . but booze be the best way of cope . until they give I something better , I will stay with the booze . he fire . Hit . sink . serling have you try to do without it ? patella yeah . you ? serling yes . it be a sad yes . patella toss the latest empty into the water . patella anything better yet ? serling be silent . patella obviously no . he fire , miss . go to the case , open a new one . give it to serling . serling take it . patella get a fresh one for himself . patella you still in uniform , major ? serling ( nodd ) not a Major anymore . Colonel . patella you will always be Major to I , sir . and blackburn will always be sergeant . I be stick in time , like some fuck " twilight Zone " I can not get past 2200 hour , Feb 26 , 1992 . it 's like I do not live before that night . and I sure have not live past it . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 77 . patella ( cont 'd ) blackburn , Sacks , boylan , I hardly know pittman , but now I remember every moment I spend with the poor bastard . his ugly laugh , the picture of he ugly girlfriend . his fuck bad joke . I can even see he face when I kill he . I be not there but I see he . I would have to be in the tank to see that , right , and if I be in the tank I would be dead . but I be not dead and I be not in the tank , but I see he face . serling turn away . the light on the lake shimmer . it blind he , but he stare into it . it 's like fire . serling you do not kill they , I do . I give the order . patella I pull the fuck trigger . serling the investigator clear we of all blame . we do not know that the target signature of a tank be hit be the same as one fire . we never train under live fire . how could we ? patella how could we ? yeah , how could we , Major ? he fire at the bottle -- miss . patella Major ? serling look at he . patella they be not on the same radio freq as we , be they ? serling no . why ? patella I keep hearing they scream . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 78 . patella ( cont 'd ) I swear , I hear they scream . I still do . serling so do I . patella you poor bastard . he offer serling another beer . serling decline . patella mama say the booze will kill I . she do not get it do she ? serling no . patella no one understand but you , Major . he laugh , a little hysterical , a little out of control . patella my mama think I be drown and the man she send to save I can not swim . sorry , Major . serling laugh , too . he take the second beer , empty he first and toss it in the water . patella shoot . miss . he offer the rifle to serling . serling no , thanks . patella shoot . Hit . sink . serling do not kid swim here ? patella look out at the water . patella shit . oh , fuck . he lay down the rifle , take off he shoe , shirt . patella jump into the water . serling wait . he stare at the surface of the water , worried . nothing happen , not a ripple on the water . serling pries off he shoe , stare at the water . patella break the surface ! laugh . patella scare you , major ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 79 . serling yes. patella sadden . patella sorry . he set some break glass he 's scoop up on the dock , dive again . ext . dock , later the dock be litter with break glass , bottle shard , a couple that be not break . patella sit on the side of the dock , hold a bleed right hand by the wrist . serling bandage he . serling this , I can fix . I have be train . patella all they ocs medic course ? serling Three kid ... serling be sadden now . patella look at he . patella damn , Major . you come to I look for some kind of answer do not you ? serling try a smile , fail . serling I can not deny it . patella oh ... I be so sorry , Major . so damn sorry . serling so be I . they look at each other for a moment . ext . lake , day serling pause by he car . patella , paint roller in he leave hand , salute with the bandage hand . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 80 . patella Major , you get any clue you let I know . serling you do the same . he finally return the salute , get in the car and drive away . patella watch he go , look at the paint roller in disgust and toss it away . int . HOTEL room , day serling stand on the balcony look down at the canal that wind through the city around he . he go into the room . there be a bottle of Jim beam on the table next to the phone . serling stare at the bottle . then dial . serling hi , hon . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) nat ! where be you ? serling San Antonio . at a hotel . tire of boq 's . I be go to stop off at the alamo later , get the kid T - shirt . I think I would ask you about the size . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) nat , you know they size better than I do . what 's go on ? serling look at the bottle . serling you always call I on it , do not you ? meredith ( v.0. , filter ) and you do the same for I . that 's how it 's always work . ( softly ) what be it , nat ? serling 's thumb work nervously at the plastic cover the bottle cap . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 81. serling nothing . I just want to talk to somebody who do not salute , I guess . a halfway friendly voice . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) well , you want I to prattle on for a minute ? serling please . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) let 's see . something 's wrong with the new fridge . the light do not come on when you open the door . josie lose a tooth . we do the whole tooth fairy bit , she find a quarter under she pillow . so . I catch Dennis with a pair of plier try to get little Barry kraval to yank a few of he bicuspid . they be go to split the proceed . by the way , josie want a wig to wear to school . tear be welling in serling 's eye . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) oh , I have to drive twelve block all the way over to wagner so Brian can practice riding he bike cause he 's afraid to fall in front of he friend and he will not let anyone see he riding a bike with training wheel . serling be almost overcome . serling I get to go . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) talk to I , nat . serling gotta go . I will call you later . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 82. meredith ( v.0. , filter ) nat ... he hang up , look at the bottle , dash out the door . ext . the alamo , day a little mud building try to hold it 's own in the city of San Antonio . the tour guide show the tourist the mark where Colonel Travis draw a line in the dirt . tour guide the alamo remind we that we Americans have always have heroes . in moment of crisis , there be that among we who step forward and do the right thing , the brave thing , without regard for they own life ... serling listen to as much as he can . then he leave -- in a hurry . int . HOTEL room , dusk the sun set on the bottle -- half - empty now . ext . canal , night serling be drunk . he do not stagger , but he walk like in a dream . through the tourist , the lover , past the restaurant , the boat . it all swirl around he . he lean against a tree slide down the trunk -- to vomit into the water . two kid stare at he , ice cream cone in hand . girl you sick , mister ? boy he 's not sick . he 's drunk . drunk as a skunk . girl do skunk get drunk ? how ? serling look at they . serling I get kid . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 83 . the mother come to get they . serling look at she . serling I get kid . it 's a plea for something . understand . forgiveness . mother a lot of good you be do they right now . and stomp off with the little one in tow . serling you be right . she 's right . and he start to sob . passersby try to ignore he . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling , in uniform , drive onto the Post . int . pharmacy , day sp / 5 ilario deal pill at the pharmacy window . ilario here 's you fungicide , but I be tell you , in the morning when you shower , piss on you foot . urine will kill that athlete 's foot in no time . next . here 's you hismanal , sergeant , but you want to get rid of the allergy -- bee pollen pill -- and no coffee or chocolate . caffeine make allergy worse . sergeant I give up coffee they might as well discharge I now . ilario have a boyish face hide behind Ray Charles style horn rimmed shade . a nervous man . serling get at the end of the line . a couple of man in line look at he -- and leave . serling frown at they . ilario do not look at face , just nametag , so when he see serling 's he look up from he clipboard to serling in shock . he know the name . ilario , cover . ilario can I help you , Colonel ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 84. serling some aspirin , please . ilario sure , here you go . the aspirin be handy . serling what ? no homeopathic alternative ? ilario so you know about alternative medicine , sir ? serling my sister be a believer . I , I believe in aspirin . ilario so do I . take one every day . serling altameyer call you ? ilario be take aback only a bit . ilario no. monfriez . altameyer call monfriez . he call I . serling that 's nice , you three still stay in contact . Friends ? ilario not exactly . what do you call people who share something like we do ? serling heroes . ilario Survivors , more like it . so where do you want to do this ? serling anywhere you feel comfortable . ilario you smoke ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org serling not anymore . ilario grab he cigarettes , turn to a sp / 4 . ilario rowtero , take over . sick call 's do . I be go to feed my cancer gene . he lead serling out . ext . fort SAM houston , day the Post swim pool . kid and they mother . noise , a lot of splash . ilario you think this be how the Nazis get start ? ban smoking ? serling I doubt it . ilario a bit totalitarian though . so what do you need to know ? serling how long be you with Captain walden ? ilario over four year , four year and a couple of month . stateside at Fort Hood , can not seem to get out of Texas , then over in Saudi . serling that 's a long time . do you know she well ? ilario as well as you get to know any officer , I guess . serling what be she like ? ilario she be okay . be not on my ass too much . what 's this get to do with the Medal ? 85 . a lot of convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 86 . serling nothing , just curious . ilario chain smoke , lighting one with another , suck they down . he stare at serling a moment . ilario look , you do not want to do this . serling why not ? ilario it be not all like the report . if you go ahead with what you get she will get the Medal and everybody will be happy . serling I will not be . I want the truth . ilario leave it be , it 's better that way . why do you want to push it ? serling it 's important to I . I could order you to tell the truth . ilario smile . ilario you could . serling or I could ask you as one soldier to another . one vet to another . ilario you be in Saudi ? see any combat ? serling yes . tank . ilario you lose any man ? serling nod . ilario let that go by . ilario have you notice ... I have since I come back , that there 's this closeness with other combat vet . this ... thing . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 87 . serling my sergeant Major say it 's because we have all face the tiger . we have all be test . we know we limit . ilario yeah ? I do not buy into this " bond of war " shit , but we all know something no one else know . can not explain it to a civilian , not even another soldier if he have not be under fire . it 's a secret . we never share it . serling so you can tell I the truth . ilario I guess so . you will not like it . Captain walden be not all that glorious a hero . serling for instance ... ilario the dust storm for instance . we be force down by a dust storm ... serling I know . int . huey the huey be surround by a whirling , dark wall of dust and sand . walden I think we should go back . this sand be not do the aircraft any good . if it continue up north we will never see a damned thing . another walden , a tentative , even scared walden . rady I say we wait until this blow over , they always do , and try a few more click up river before we go back . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 88 . ilario yeah , cap , let 's try a little more . monfriez I be for go ahead . the ship can take it . walden look at altameyer . altameyer I be just a passenger . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling so she be reluctant . ilario well , she be not all fire up about go ahead . then when we spot Captain fowler 's blackhawk ... I know that people , every one of they . fowler , tierney , Terry gunther . he be down . ilario have big high and deep low . this be the bottom of the canyon for he . int . huey , day the huey round the bend of the river . ilario see the crash blackhawk . ilario there they be ! and the tank fire . the huey crew take in the scenario . monfriez fuck ! altameyer get I around so I can fire ! walden turn the chopper . altameyer stand on the skid , hang from he lifeline and fire . the bullet have no effect on the steel tank . the tank machine gunner let loose ! bullet pock the huey . walden bank . altameyer turn around ! turn around ! let I have another shot at it ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 89 . walden I be go for altitude ! call search and rescue . ilario fowler will be meat by the time search and rescue get here ! walden we can not do anything against a tank ! rady call in a air strike ! monfriez still take too long ! walden I be go for altitude ! rady wait one ! wait one ! we get two bomb on board ! the spare fuel pod ! monfriez , unstrap one ! altameyer , get out the flare gun ! walden it will not work ! monfriez let 's try it ! he start unstrap the fuel pod . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling so it be rady 's idea to use the fuel pod . ilario yeah . I help . Captain walden turn the chopper around when the first one miss ... int . huey , day the huey bank above the tank . the first fuel tank have miss . walden circle the huey away from the tank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 90 . walden that 's it , I be go for altitude ! I be get we out of here ! monfriez no ! one more ! I can get it this time ! one more ! the tank fire again . the blackhawk take a hit . ilario please , Captain ! please ! walden turn the chopper . walden alright ! one more ! then we be call search and rescue ! ext . fort SAM houston , day mario not so rambo , huh ? rambette , whichever . do not make as good a story . I gotta take a piss . he jump up suddenly and enter the building . serling watch he go , with some suspicion . but then he be distract by a little boy hold up he soggy trunk with both hand . boy mister Colonel , tie I ? serling gather the limp , loose tie . serling here 's a nice double knot . boy okay , like on my shoe . I have trouble with knot . serling so do I . there you go . the kid run off a few pace , stop , come back . boy thank -you-very -much . and off he go , dodging the return ilario , who sit down , fill with nervous energy . he light up another cigarette , look out at the pool . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 91 . ilario know why I like to come here ? no . not to rubberneck the woman in bikinis . the kid . I love watch kid . there 's something about they . they do the damnedest thing , never think about the consequence . talk about brave . serling I do not think oblivious risk - take be necessarily brave . ilario but can you imagine , go through life without think about the consequence ? it 's not the do that get you -- it 's the consequence . deep , huh ? ilario have suddenly realize he be be a motormouth . serling what happen during the night ? ilario the night . oh , the night . that night . we argue mainly . Captain walden want to surrender at first light . because of rady , she say , be wounded so bad . her responsibility be to get he medical care , she say . serling and after rady die ? ilario she still think surrender be a good idea . int . huey , dawn the sun be come up . altameyer I be not give up until I be out of ammo . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 92 . ext . fort SAM houston , day ilario macho shit like that . he 's a Ranger now . serling how about monfriez ? ilario he want to fight . serling and you ? ilario I ... do not know . I be ... scared . really scared . you know . serling I know . ilario do you ? serling yes , I do . ilario sure . he do not believe it though . serling what happen during the evacuation ? ilario well , there we be , right ? on the leave a big ass rock and on the right a extremely hard place and the two John wayn stroking away until they wad be shot and I and the Captain try to maintain ... int . huey , dawn the search and rescue team whip past the huey . Captain walden be in the door of the huey , be hold back by ilario and monfriez while altameyer fire away . monfriez wait for the cobras ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 93. but walden break free and dash toward teegarden 's landing huey . and be shot down . she fall . ilario and monfriez both dash out to bring she back . monfriez take a bullet . ilario Jesus H. Christ , Captain ! wait for the cobras ! the cobras rake the enemy . altameyer run out of ammo , go to help ilario with walden . monfriez let 's go ! all of sudden walden begin to fight ilario and altameyer . walden I be not leave my chopper ! it 's not safe ! not safe ! she fight they , completely hysterical . monfriez put a tourniquet on he own leg . walden grab the m - 16 . walden I be not leave ray chopper ! go! go ! she aim the m - 16 at they . they back away . walden go on ! she fire at the ground in front of they . they back away more . the enemy gunfire pepper the huey . walden be cut down . the three man come back to walden . she be dead . monfriez let 's get out of here . they turn and hustle to the rescue chopper . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling so , why do you lie to Major teegarden ? ilario we feel bad for she . we be try to be ... nice . I ... I ... I do not want she folk to know she crack . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 94 . ilario ( cont 'd ) her folk be nice people , live in abilene . they use to come over to Hood , watch she kid when we go out on exercise ... ilario be get into a area he do not want to go . he pull himself out . ilario that 's the way it go down , Colonel . so just forget the Medal , or leave it as it be . I do not care . I gotta get back . he get up and walk away . serling be leave on the bench , stare at ilario 's retreate back . ilario glance over he shoulder a few time , then go inside the Medical building . serling , puzzle , concerned , turn to watch a tiny girl , only three or four , cannonball off the high board . ext . ST . louis , missouri , day the arch sweep across the sky above St. Louis and the Mississippi . serling drive he rental car across the bridge to granite City , Illinois . ext . granite CITY , day serling park across the street from a gun store -- kane and greene gun . serling in civvy , walk inside . int . gun shop , day Del monfriez , fortyish , wear a pistol on he belt , like all the other salesmen , be at the counter with a customer . customer how late you open ? monfriez " til nine . like they say at the girl school -- light out at nine , candle out at ten . the customer have pick the pistol off the counter and aim it at the wall , hold it sideways . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 95 . monfriez where would you learn to hold a pistol , " boy in the Hood " ? see too many of they black gangsta flick . always hold it like that , sideways , no wonder they never hit nothing , always full auto , of course , you hold a pistol like that , you be not gonna hit nothing . that 's why they need they splatter gun , mac - 10' and shit . that 's where the sight be , on top . no wonder they have so many innocent driveby , can not hit nothing , yanking the weapon like they be pull they pud . he take the pistol back and demonstrate a exaggerated gangsta grip . he give it back to the customer , turn to serling . monfriez help you , mister ? serling Colonel nat serling , you have already hear about I . monfriez give serling a good look over . monfriez yeah . let 's go out back . browder , take over here . monfriez lead serling through the store , into the back , past the inventory to a small indoor range . int . indoor range monfriez hey , Colonel , you hear about the Polish proctologist , use two finger so he can get a second opinion . he wait for the laugh , see he 's not go to get it , sit down at the bench where a pistol and a box of ammo lay . monfriez I know why you be here . I be tell you straight out -- I make my statement . it 's in write . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 96 . monfriez ( cont 'd ) I do not gotta say diddly more . I do not work for uncle Sam anymore . I get this store , half of it anyway . you know how they make mexican shishkabob ? they shoot a arrow into a garbage can . he shoot at the target , look at the result , fiddle with the gunsight . serling why would you leave the service after fourteen year ? why not pull the full twenty ? monfriez if you can ask the question you be not be in it long enough to understand . know the definition of a jewish nympho ? she do it once a month whether she want to or not . he shoot again , adjust sight again . serling I would like you to tell I what happen , what you actually see . monfriez like I say , you get it on paper . I get nothing to add . serling can I ask a few question ? nonfriez go ahead , but remember what the bride say on she wedding night , " do not ask I no question I will not tell you no lie . " hear about the polack who buy a row machine ? he woulda drown if the lake have not be freeze over . serling how long be you Captain walden 's Crew Chief ? monfriez just a few week . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 97 . monfriez ( cont 'd ) when she get to Saudi she regular Crew Chief get the chicken pox second day over . kept a clean ship though . I come from the 232nd . I and walden do not hit it off . I will be honest . serling why not ? monfriez there 's this kind of woman , you do not just meet they in the Army . they want a man 's job , they figure the way to be be tougher than a man . I do not fault ‘em none . it 's a tough row to hoe , but they end up be one thing ... he look to serling to finish . monfriez ...a bitch . you know , like that Margaret thatcher , full tilt flame bitch . he shoot . then as a afterthought , a punctuation , again . serling be she a good officer ? monfriez she be alright . hey , she could fly . that be she job . but , hell you can train a ten year old to fly a uh1 , that do not make they norman Fucking schwartzkopf . she get on my ass , but I put she right . here try it . he hand the gun to serling , who aim . bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! bam ! serling empty the magazine at the target . monfriez Nice shot group . yeah , after I sighted it in . you do with you question ? serling no. convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 98. monfriez yes , you be . you be do now . he walk out , carry the pistol . serling follow . int . gun shop serling why do you make up that statement ? monfriez the other two weepy ass wipe talk I into it . look , she get the Medal . Fine . Fine by I . lotta good it 's gonna do she . shit , maybe I can sell my story to people magazine . maybe a tv movie . otherwise this whole thing be not worth the hole in a chicken 's ass to I . Goodbye . browder , call Dr. witkin , tell he he pistol 's sighted in . serling do not leave . monfriez Colonel , you know what to do if you get a hang fire ? when you pull the trigger and the round do not go off ? serling wait , with you weapon point in a safe direction . monfriez you know why ? sometimes the primer just cook . could be a slow burner . it could still go off . and if you open you weapon to take the round out ... ? it might blow up in you face . leave this round in the chamber , Colonel . leave it be . serling look at he . serling you just threaten I , do not you , monfriez ? ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 99 . serling ( cont 'd ) I work at the Pentagon so I be kind of slow on the uptake , but I do recognize a threat when I hear it .. let I respond this way . he lean over the counter into monfriez ' face . serling I may be a officer and , therefore , a gentleman by proclamation , but before I join up I be a Chicago street kid . I fight my way to school everyday and fight my way back home every night . I live in a battle zone and firefight be just background noise . monfriez turn away . serling yank he back -- hard ! serling so , now that I be in civilian clothes and declare myself off duty I have no compunction whatsoever to take you outside and tear you a new asshole . serling be suddenly very scary . monfriez hand slide toward he gun . serling 's hand shoot out and grab monfriez ' wrist . serling and if you think that gun be go to help you -- do not . because I will break you fuck arm before you clear the holster . you will be hearing from I , mister . and he turn and leave . monfriez tremble with rage . ext . pay phone , day serling be at the pay phone . serling banachek , serling here . the General in ? ( beat ) when 's he expect back ? ( beat ) I will call he tomorrow , then . in the meantime , I be go to visit walden 's family . ( beat ) I do not know . I be at loose end here . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 100 . serling ( cont 'd ) maybe they can help I tie some up . ( beat ) thanks . talk to you tomorrow . int . live room , day outside a little girl , ten or so , play in the yard with some friend . they be make chalk outline of they shadow . serling , in uniform , watch through the picture window . geraldine and joel walden sit with he in the live room , all watch the girl . geraldine sometimes she wake up in the middle of the night and ask if she mama 's come home yet . otherwise .... I read somewhere that if a child do not see a person die or dead , like in a casket , that the person be not really dead for they . that would be nice , would not it ? serling I do not know how to ask this properly , but do you daughter have a ... background of ... heroic ? geraldine no. no. just a ordinary girl . just we Karen . joel a little more stubborn than most . serling I be just try to ... understand she . geraldine she be not a remarkable girl ... woman . to we she be , of course , but by most standard , I guess -- nothing much remarkable about she . serling well , she be a female helicopter pilot . that 's still rare enough to be remarkable . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 101 . joel that 's my fault . we take she to the fair , when she be ... eleven . geraldine twelve . seventh grade . joel there be a helicopter there , a small one , with the bubble up front , we call it a whirlybird . the fella , the pilot , be sell ride . I buy Karen a ticket . it wasa short ride , but when she come down ... I do not think she ever come down , actually . after that she be ... up there . geraldine she go back every day for the rest of the Fair . use up all she 4 - h savings . joel she do not say much after the fair , not a peep . do not go collect model of helicopter or go to air show or nothing . geraldine just show up at the dinner table one day , just before graduation . she 's join the Army , she 's go to fly helicopter . I be push she to be a nurse . she be always so independent . joel get that from she mother . stubborn , too . geraldine she be so proud when she get she wing . we go to the graduation . the little girl , anne marie , come in . she look like she mother . anne marie gramma , can I make some Kool - Aid ? she look at serling , he uniform . it be a hard look for a little girl . serling be uncomfortable . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 102 . geraldine sure , Anne Marie . you know where it be . the girl run off , with another hard glance at serling before she be go . geraldine sorry , but the young man who come to tell we about Karen be dress just like you . she miss she mama . serling I understand . I have kid of my own . joel her father be in Michigan . he and Karen divorced after only a couple of year . he want Karen to quit the Army . my think be he never get over Karen not take he last name . we have custody . geraldine he do not even fight it . not that I want he to but ... guess he have a new family ... Anne Marie be we save grace . you have child , you know . they be what we live for . what we do it all for . treasure they while they be here , Colonel . while you can . there 's not much to say after that . they be all quiet . Children 's laughter filter in from outside . joel God , how I love that sound . he smile . so do nat . ext . walden house , day the walden escort nat to he car . he carry a foilwrapped package . serling open the car door , take out he key . joel if she get this medal will we meet the President ? convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 103. serling probably . joel I have get something to say to he . geraldine Joel joel I know that Kuwait thing be not he cross to bear . I know that . but I want he to know something . if he get ready to send we kid off to fight he better have try everything he could to avoid it first . I be talk negotiate like it be he own life -- or he kid 's . it seem after Vietnam , for a while there , we think twice before send we kid in harm way . lately , though , it 's more like every time some half - ass politician start dip in the opinion poll he invade some pisspot country . and american kid die . if he 's go to do that -- it damned sure better be worth it . damned sure . he be surprised at he own passion . he calm down . joel ( softly ) that 's what I want to tell he . serling shake the man 's hand . serling I hope you do . he get in the car and drive away . int . HOTEL room , night the usual holiday Inn motif . serling sit in front of the coffee table . on it a half - eat Rice krispie treat and crumpled foil . and a bottle of whiskey . he stare at it . then he dial the phone . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 104 . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) hello , serling residence , chaos be we middle name . serling cute . meredith ( v.0. filter ) nat . it 's raining . be raining all day . the Gomez ' kid have be here all day . all day . ten kid . at full volume . how be you , nat ? serling Fine . Fine . I guess . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) you guess ... there be moment of silence . serling ... I have a bottle of George dickel in front of I . I do not want to drink any of it . but ... meredith ( v.0. , filter ) well ... ( beat ) that 's a step in the right direction . that you call . serling I guess so . that do not help I not drink it . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) you could toss it out the window . serling I be not sure this window open . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) you know what I mean . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 105 . serling yeah . but I would go buy another one . or I would go to the bar . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) then the secret 's not in the bottle , but why you need it . tell I that one . now the pause be on serling 's side . serling I can not . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) why not ? serling I do not know . Cause I be not sure what it be yet ? meredith ( v.0. , filter ) bullshit . tell I . serling guess what I be eat . you can hear she sign , two thousand mile away . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) what ? serling Rice krispie treat . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) really ? we make some today , the kid and i. lasted ten second . synchronicity . serling a nice old couple give they to I . I would like we to be a nice old couple . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) so would I . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 106 . meredith ( cont 'd ) it 's a pledge of love on both side and all the emotion inherent in that . but you know drink from that bottle will not help we in that direction . serling I suppose not . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) do that help ? serling a lot . thanks mer '. meredith ( v.0. , filter ) any time . serling I gotta go now . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) will I see you soon ? serling hope so . gotta go . he have to hang up or he will cry . serling " bye . meredith ( v.0. , filter ) " bye . there 's fifteen year of love and affection behind that goodby . serling hang up . he take the bottle over to the bathroom , open it and pour it down the toilet . the empty bottle go into the waste basket . he go back to the room , look around . Lonely . cold . it 's go to be long night . ext . desert , night flame ! Fire ! tank blaze on the sand . tank gun fire ! serling sit in the turret seat of he tank , half - in , halfout . he look down into the tank . patella be in gunner 's position at serling 's foot . he look up at serling . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 107 . patella I need a target , sir . the tank rock . something have hit it . patella we be take fire , sir ! serling look out . a flame round pass by he head in slow motion . another glance off the front of he tank . patella Sir ! we be take fire ! serling look down inside again . the Assistant gunner be boylan , the flame man of serling 's nightmare . boylan , on fire , calmly load a new round into the tank gun . boylan round up ! serling watch in horror as boylan tap patella on the shoulder . and the flame leap from to boylan to patella . both man be on fire , but ignore it . patella Sir !? patella reach up to touch serling 's leg with a flame hand . the fire attaches itself to serling and work it 's way up he body . in the flicker flame serling 's face be reveal . a frighten man . Stark , naked fear . serling Fire ! for God 's sake ! Fire ! patella on the way ! and he push a button . the tank rock as the gun fire ! int . HOTEL room , night serling wake from he nightmare , soak with sweat , gasp for breath . int . airport , morning serling have a rough night . he be at a phone in the airport . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 108. serling well , General , I have get one eyewitness who recite the recommendation like he be read it to the rest of the class . she 's a hero . I have get another that say it 's all a lie , she be a coward or incompetent or both . and the last say no comment , she be a bitch on wheel . but they all have this in common . they want I to stop . gen . hershberg ( v.0. , filter ) and what be you go to do , nat ? serling carry on , sir , with you permission . gen . hershberg ( v.0. , filter ) by all mean , carry on , nat . I have get to go . banachek have some message for you . serling thank you , sir . banachek ( v.0. , filter ) nat . I have get a call here froma sergeant altameyer , Fort ben . say he need to talk . say he leave something out . serling then I guess I be on my way to ben . talk to you later , Colonel . banachek ( v.0. , filter ) you , too , nat . serling hang up , frown . ext . obstacle course , night the ranger be go through the obstacle course , a big muddy field with barb wire construction , culvert , tunnel and anything else that can make go difficult . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 109 . then there be the explosion toss up mud and the gunfire from a m - 16 wield cadre . the most unpleasant one hundred yard you will ever traverse in you life . the student scramble through it in team . one team leader make it . or think so . altameyer get in the team leader 's face . altameyer what the fuck be you do , soldier !? where be you man ? the team leader turn to show he man . but altameyer point to the course . one man hopelessly tangle up in the barb wire , leave behind . altameyer you do not leave a man behind ! look at I when I be talk to you , soldier ! you never leave a man behind ! never ! you be brother ! he depend on you ! you depend on he ! he go over the top , start push the soldier around . the c.0. intervene . altameyer be dress down , send away . and serling step into he path . serling you be look for I , sergeant ? altameyer be surprised . altameyer yeah , yes , sir . uh , how about we go for a ride ? serling I would rather we talk someplace quiet . altameyer I be do the talk . you want to hear it , sir , you will have to be in my car . serling hesitates , then follow altameyer to he car . they get into the saleen mustang . altameyer drive off the Post . int . mustang altameyer might lose my gig with the ranger . c.0. 's piss at I . probably send I to the regular infantry . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 110 . altameyer ( cont 'd ) that 's okay . let he . infantry man . it 's not a career , it 'sa shitty job . when you join up do they tell you in the job description that you be suppose to kill people ? I mean , you would think that 's a give , but ... he take a bottle of liquor from under the passenger seat uncap it , he offer he laugh . take a big swig . altameyer do not give I any shit about drink and drive , sir . I be not in the mood . have some . the bottle to serling . serling no , thanks , I be try to quit . altameyer me. too , after this bottle . serling you have something to tell I ? altameyer Roger that , sir , ' deed I do , sir . soon as I figure out what it be I will relay that information . you ever kill anyone , sir ? serling yes . altameyer you know , you can talk about kill somebody . Wolf talk , you know . " I will kill you motherfucker , I will waste you ugly ass . " we all say it . but kill somebody ... it 's a hard thing to do . easy to pull the trigger . hard to live with . know what I mean ? serling I know exactly . he empty the bottle , toss it out the window . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 111. he laugh , altameyer altameyer I kill people that day . that night . out in the desert . I do not remember much about they . Little figure fall over . I sawa couple of face , but none stay . a dude with a mustache , I can remember he if I try . but Captain walden 's face . her face ... she 's look at I whenever I close my eye . nothing get rid of she . dope , booze ... praying . even try that . nothing work . serling be you tell I you ... altameyer I be tell you shit . just shut the fuck up and listen ... sir . but it do not work . this be a torture man . altameyer it 's the grey area that get you . you know , right or wrong , black and white ... who would ever think kill would be a grey area . it 's wrong to kill someone . that 's one of the black and white , one of the ten commandment . then you get in the Army . you kill people . it 's part of the job , they say . you kill someone , the Army say it 's okay -- then it 's okay . maybe that make it okay for they , but it do not make it okay for you . know what I mean ? serling I think so . look at he , desperate for help . altameyer tell I , sir , tell I . serling it 's a struggle every day , find out what 's right or wrong . most people do not even want to wade into that water . that 's why we have religion , code of conduct , to sort it out for we . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 112. altameyer but they do not help a bit when it cut to the bone , do they ? serling well ... they ... no . what do this have to do with Captain walden ? altameyer everything . everything . he reach under he seat , pull out a .45 , aim it at serling ! serling stiffen . there be nowhere to go . he look . they be speed down a rural road . a train run parallel to they . altameyer punch it , pass the train . altameyer I always like train . since I be a kid . they be big , black , strong , tough . Iron . if I ever box pro , I be go to call myself Howard " night train " altameyer . what do you think Colonel , do not that have a nice ring to it ? " night train " . he be ahead of the train , make a turn , come up to the track , stop on the track . serling can see the train come , light on . serling 's hand go to the door handle . altameyer poke the gun into serling 's chest . serling altameyer . altameyer shut up ! Sir ... the train sound the whistle , rush at they . altameyer I do love train . ai not that whistle pretty ? listen to it . it sound again . the train be closer . altameyer but the train off track be not worth shit . it 's just ... scrap iron . he pull the gun away . the train be roaring at they . altameyer I lose my track , sir . there in that desert . get out . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 113 . serling altameyer ... altameyer get out ! serling get out . altameyer turn the car , face the oncoming train . serling grab altameyer 's door . altameyer floor it . the saleen mustang kick in the turbo . serling be tear loose . the saleen rush at the train . the whistle sound . then they meet . a horrendous crash ! the saleen disintegrate ! explode ! serling have to run to get out of the way of the fly wreckage . the train slow as best it can with a loud screeching and hiss . serling can only stare sadly at the mess leave of altameyer and he car . int . mp station , night serling , very tired , be on the phone in the mp headquarters , a police station with fatigue . serling well , sir , I would like you to call the Fort San Houston provost Marshall and have they detain specialist ilario . ( beat ) substance abuse , trafficking . ( beat ) I do not know if they will stick . I do not care . I just want they to hold he . ( beat ) I think there 's grounds , yes , sir . ( beat ) just hold he . I be on my way . ( beat ) thank you , sir . I will call you from Texas . sorry for the late hour . he hang up , turn to a mp . serling I need a ride to my car . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling drive onto the Post . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 114. int . barracks , day serling stand in front of a room where two mp 's be station . a first Lieutenant brief he . lieutenant we find a whole drugstore in he foot locker , plus drug paraphernalia , needle and such in every little cubby hole . likea packrat with a Jones . serling but no ilario . lieutenant not hide nor hair . but we be on the lookout . so be the San Antonio Police . serling nod . he go out . serling how long be that souvenir shop open at the alamo ? I have to get some t-shirt for my kid . I ... uh forget last time I be here . I will be back at say , 1800 hour . you office ? lieutenant Fine . see you then , Colonel . maybe we will have something by then . serling let 's hope so . ext . fort SAM houston , day serling leave the Post , in the heart of urban San Antonio . a car just outside the gate pull in behind serling . it follow he into downtown . it be ilario . ext . parking garage serling park in a public parking structure . ilario park on the street . he go to a pay phone , dial , talk . serling come out of the garage . ilario hang up , follow . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 115 . ext . the alamo , day serling stand in front of the alamo again , bag of t-shirt in hand . he look down . at he foot be a brass plaque . the line that Colonel Travis draw in the sand . ilario ( 0.s. ) the line between the heroes and the coward . serling turn to look at ilario . ilario a pretty thin line . I wonder how many " heroes " do not cross it because they be more afraid of be call a coward than they be scared of die . serling I be just think the same thing . ilario wanna talk ? serling nod . ilario this way . ilario lead he away . ilario you turn I in . how would you know ? serling the sad fact be , if you command in today 's Army you have to keep a eye out for all kind of substance abuse . what be you use ? morphine ? ilario anything . anything to kill the pain . he be take serling to the river . they find a seat ona riverfront bench . this be the San Antonio River walk , where the river cut through the center of downtown , a walkway on each side , tree over hang the water -- store , restaurant , hotel lining the walk . Dark , secluded , peaceful . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 116. ilario I want to tell you what happen to Captain walden . serling let I make a phone call . some people be expect I at eighteen hundred hour . ilario no phone call . I do this now or not at all . you just might call the mp 's on my ass . serling okay , talk . ilario what time be it ? serling look at he watch . ext . base camp , saudi arabia , day walden look at she watch , then the sky . there be desert as far as you can see , a few Army tank , mp 's , a few truck . a little olive drab oasis . walden I be go to check with teegarden again . rady , monfriez , ilario and altameyer play card on the deck of the huey . rady wait for walden to be out of earshot . rady leave it alone , will you ? it 's not we mission . she 's go to put we in a world of hurt with this gung - ho shit . monfriez you be in a world of hurt unless you start pay attention to you card . Captain W 's okay . take care of she ship . ilario and she crew . monfriez and she crew . we job be to help people , remember . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 117 . rady they call and say fowler need a medevac , I be there . it 's not we mission to wander around no man 's land look for trouble . raise . altameyer you get trouble right here . raise you , five . ilario if it be you out there , you would want every aircraft in the hemisphere out look . pass . walden come back . walden we be on . let 's get in the air . altameyer , Major teegarden want to see you . altameyer look worried . rady toss down he card , with a lot more force than need . fade out - fade in walden 's huey take off . teegarden watch until the dust obliterate he view . fade out - fade in the sand swirl around the park huey . Inside the helicopter the crew wait it out . rady I say we go back . this beer can with a rotor can not take much more of this sandblast . monfriez maybe this be not one of you precious blackhawks , but she will do the job . when the last blackhawk be tow to the junkyard , the crew will fly home in a huey . walden we will wait for it to blow over , then try a few more click up the river . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 118 . rady but all this sand in the intake ... walden monfriez ? monfriez she 's fine , Captain . it be not healthy , but it be not go to kill she . rady what about the rotor blade ? walden rady , shut up . rady you do not have to prove you have get more ball than a man to make Major . walden rady , goddamnit . rady I be ask for a transfer out soon as we get back . walden what , Christmas come early this year ? look like it 's clear . let 's get . I have get sand in place I do not know I have place . they crank up . fade out - fade in they fly . rady what 's that ? the main rotor sound funny . walden now you be the Crew chief , rady ? the Crew Chief say we be air worthy . the Crew Chief be the final word on that . now I tell you to shut up . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 119 . walden ( cont 'd ) if you do not keep you conversation limited to the requirement of keep this craft in the air I will haul you ass up for a Court martial and you will not need a transfer . ilario and monfriez share a conspirational smile . chalk one up for the Captain . fade out - fade in the huey fly along the river . altameyer be watch out one door , monfriez the other , both search the river bank . ilario search over altameyer 's shoulder , talk to he . ilario both Captain walden and I fly with fowler at Hood . Captain " ww " be the co-pilot , I be the medic . when Captain " W " get she bird she take I with she . walden ilario 's the only one who can treat my sinus allergy . ilario local bee honey . fade out - fade in the huey come around the bend and upon the crash blackhawk . Men can be see in the rubble fire weapon . ilario you see fowler ?! what be they shoot at ?! boom ! the enemy tank fire ! ilario 's question be answer . the tail of the blackhawk be blow off ! walden altameyer , there 's you target ! she bank the chopper . altameyer fire . the bullet do little damage . altameyer , adrenaline pump , keep fire after they pass the tank . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org walden cease fire ! cease fire ! I will try another run . rady we should go for altitude ! call Air rescue ! get the fuck outta here ! walden bank the huey , get ready for another run . walden we will make another try . rady get on the horn to the awac , give them we coordinate ! here you go , altameyer . they pass again . altameyer fire . milario be scared . 120 . hole be appear in the huey . he stare at one near he head , transfix in fear . rady be stare out he window . rady that do not do shit . you might as will piss on a rock . walden rady , get on the phone ! monfriez , status ? L monfriez stable . nothing prime . rady 's right , cap , we would need a jet with a two - ton bomb to take out that tank . walden we be not a jet , but we have get a couple of bomb . monfriez , unstrap the spare fuel pod ! altameyer , get the flare gun . rady what ? what do you think be , walden , a jet jockey ? go get a fuck cobra ! this be not we mission ! boom ! the tank fire again ! walden rady , just get on the phone to the awac . we do not stop that tank there will not be anything leave to rescue ! let I know , monfriez . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 121 . monfriez ready , cap ! not quite , he 's still fumble with the strap . altameyer be scramble to load the flare gun . ilario be brace in he seat , freeze in fear . fade out - fade in walden one more time , gentleman . I know you can do it . rady we need that fuel to get back ! walden we have get more than enough to return , rady . get on the radio . call in we position . that 's a order . here we go . she bank over the tank . monfriez drop the fuel pod . it hit . altameyer fire the flare gun ! the tank burst into flame . Ground fire rake the huey . the chopper go out of control . it whirl ! rady scream ! there 's blood on he window . ilario hug the wall . walden try to get control . walden mayday ! mayday ! Dust off Three 1s ... fade out - fade in ilario bend over rady , who have be haul into the back of the chopper . he press a flap of scalp back over the shiny skull , wipe the blood from rady 's face . ilario be calm -- this be what he know how to do and he take comfort in it . walden be on the radio , click through the channel . altameyer blaze away with the 240 out one door . next to he , monfriez do the same with the m - 16 . monfriez we gotta get out of here . there 's hundred of they ! we can not fight this ! ilario one lung , through and through . fill with blood , fast . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org altameyer call for help ! call for help ! walden Radio 's dead . altameyer the blackhawk ! they have more man ! more firepower ! we will be safe there . ilario bad scalp wound . into the brain . concussion at least . monfriez yeah , the blackhawk ! we will be safe there ! let 's go . walden ilario , can we move he ? ilario I would not . he 's barely maintain as it be . walden monfriez , go to the other door ! we be take fire there . he obey . altameyer I will lay cover fire ! get to that rock ! then you do the same for I ! walden we be not leave rady . monfriez what ?! walden he would not make it . altameyer , conserve ammo . we might be here a while . monfriez we gotta get out of here ! walden we be not go anywhere . 122 . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org altameyer we can not fight . we do not have ... walden take you position ! they do . fade out - fade in 123 . ilario stare out at the night , scared , every noise make he jump . altameyer be at one door , monfriez the other . walden , beretta out , sit next to a bandage rady . monfriez you know at dawn we be dead . they will have reinforcement . we have to get to the blackhawk before first light . altameyer it 's so dark you can not see you hand in front of you face . now 's the time to do it . slip right by they . walden I tell you , rady can not be move . monfriez rady 's dead . he will never make it . you know that , I know that . altameyer you do not even like he . all he do be give you grief . now you be go to die for the prick ? I say we go . monfriez so do i. ilario ? ilario I just want to get out of here . monfriez it 's a majority . walden that would be great if this be a democracy -- but it be not . we stay with rady . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 124. walden ( cont 'd ) I do not like he , but he 's one of mine . I would not leave one of you behind . I will not leave he . altameyer maybe if we surrender the rag head would doctor he up . walden look at he , hard . walden no surrender . fade out - fade in ilario check rady 's iv . ilario 's hand be tremble . he glance out into the night . walden take one of he hand in hers , smile . he calm down a bit . altameyer I hear something out there , I tell you . I can not see it , but I hear it . they be close in . monfriez of course they be . what would you do ? I say we make for the blackhawk now . walden and I say we have hear enough of that shit . now. can it . monfriez look at she , finger the m - 16 . ilario maybe we should surrender . it 's a mumble . the other ignore he . monfriez you do not have to go with we , Captain . we do not even need you permission . that get altameyer and ilario 's attention . walden give I the m - 16 , monfriez . he look at she . she raise the beretta from she lap . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 125 . walden you may run , but I be not let you take we firepower with you . she take the m - 16 from monfriez . altameyer be you go to take my gun away , too ? she look at he . walden if I have to . altameyer you just might . ilario ( softly ) they might treat we okay . I can make a white flag . monfriez give it back . she turn to face monfriez . he have he beretta aim at she . that jerk ilario back to reality . ilario guy ... monfriez she 's try to get we kill . it 's we or she . who you with , ilario ? ilario cap ... rady 's finish . walden that you expert opinion , ilario ? he will never recover . if he be out in a field somewhere and we come to medevac rady , you would body bag he ? you would leave he behind ? ilario yes . it be word fill with shame , a blatant lie . walden at least he 's ashamed to say it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 126 . she look at altameyer , who glare back . then ilario , who can not meet she eye . then back at monfriez and the gun aim at she . quickly she raise she pistol and fire ! monfriez fire back . walden take the bullet in she stomach . but she shot at monfriez go past he shoulder . a rag iraqi fall on top of monfriez , a bullet in he face . suddenly they be in a firefight . altameyer and monfriez fire into the dark . muzzle flash reveal the dozen enemy who have creep up on both side of the huey . ilario crouch in a fetal position next to rady , whimper in fear . walden use the m - 16 and beretta . then it be over . quiet . they all stare into the night . nothing . then they look back at each other . walden bleed from the stomach . she be in pain as she jerkily grab a magazine from the floor and reload the m - 16 , then she beretta . monfriez be reloading he beretta . monfriez we gotta out of here . they will try again . give I the 16 , cap . she look at he . altameyer you be wounded , mar 'am . give he the 16 . we gotta go . we will carry you . she aim the m - 16 at altameyer . walden give I the 240 . altameyer you will not shoot . walden the mood I be in right now , altameyer , I would empty a magazine into you hide , reload and do it all over again . he look at she , the m - 16 point at he , then she again he hand over the 240 . walden pistol , too . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 127. they hand over they pistol . ilario , rouse from he paralysis , move to she with a bandage . she point the beretta at he . he freeze . ilario you be wounded , cap . walden you be with they . monfriez what be you go to do , keep watch on we all night ? you be hurt . you be tired . you will not last ' till first light . she do not answer , shift she position , gasp from the pain that shoot through she . monfriez move forward . she point the beretta at he . altameyer what if they attack again ? walden you will get you weapon back . altameyer by the time you give them back it might be too late . walden it 's already too late . monfriez you can not stay awake . you will not last to first light . she just stare at he , grimly determine . ilario start cry . for himself ? for she ? hard to tell . fade out - fade in walden be heavy - eye . altameyer , monfriez and ilario watch she . ilario be tired , scared , sick of the situation , of himself . the m - 16 barrel slowly drift down . walden 's head drop , eye ease close . monfriez move toward one of the pistol . walden 's head pop up , eye jerk open . she point the beretta at he . the m - 16 muzzle go up to check altameyer 's movement . the sun be rise . Light glow behind the ridgeline . two silhouett figure scramble over the rocky line . altameyer see it . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 128 . altameyer aw , fuck I . here they come . monfriez I have get movement over here , too . what now ! Captain ? altameyer give I my gun for God 's sake . Christ ... walden ilario , how 's rady ? ilario still breathe . monfriez what be you go to do , Captain ? fight they all by yourself ? she frown , weak , think slow . altameyer give I my gun , Captain . c'mon ... monfriez what be you go to do , Captain ? ilario be overwhelm , look at walden . ilario cap , let I look at that wound . I will not do anything . I promise . I swear . please . she look at he , think about it . she 's in a bad way . altameyer they be get close . monfriez what be you go to do , Captain ? ilario please ... he 's hurt as much as she be . walden what 's that ? everybody freeze . chopper . that distinctive sound . they search the sky . gunfire ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 129 . the enemy begin they attack on the ground huey and blackhawk . everyone hit the deck . bullet perforate the huey 's body . the rescue team arrive . the cobras strafe ! teegarden land he chopper . walden go ! I will cover for you ! altameyer and monfriez hit the ground , crouching , ready to run to teegarden 's chopper . walden begin fire the 240 . altameyer and monfriez run . they be hit , go down , get up and continue . walden empty the 240 , grab the m - 16 . ilario be still there . walden go! go! ilario I will send back a stretcher . walden smile at he . walden two stretcher . now go ! he run to teegarden 's huey . breakneck run , blind panic , bullet kick up rock and dirt all around he . he get to it . the Crew Chief haul he aboard . int . teegarden' huey monfriez be lean across to shout to teegarden . monfriez walden and rady be dead ! teegarden both dead ?! monfriez Dead ! let 's get out of here ! teegarden lift the huey away . ilario look at monfriez and altameyer . both stare he down . he look out the chopper door . the jet drop they bomb on the huey . White phosphorus explode , brilliant blossom of fire bloom on the desert . White smoke , white fire . and death . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 130 . ext . san ANTONIO river , night the street light flicker and come on . ilario stare at it , sit on the bench . serling , stand over he , look at the ground . ilario we talk . monfriez say she would have Court martialed we . altameyer agree . who know ? she be probably kill by enemy fire before the jet come . who know ? serling you really believe that ? ilario no . and he weep . serling wait . ilario I figure out what all that veteran have in common . fear . they have all be scared as they will ever get . they have plumbe the bottom of fear . petrify scared . until you heart stop , you lung can not get air , scared sick . and nothing can ever scare you like that again . you have see yourself at you worst and so ... serling I think you be right , ilario . ilario you do ? serling I do something in Desert Storm . everybody say I make the best decision I could at the moment . they think that it be a tactical decision . but only I know that I make the , call out of fear . sheer , stark naked fear for my own life . and I be wrong . some man die . they can justify it all they want , but deep down inside I know I do what I do because I be just .. plain , simple scared . it 's okay to be scared in combat . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 131. serling ( cont 'd ) it make sense . but when it override you duty -- you have cross a line . we both cross the same line , specialist . let 's get you some help . he offer a hand to ilario . ilario take it , selfconsciously rise . look at serling 's watch . ilario you have to get out of here . serling why ? ilario altameyer be suppose to kill you . serling so ? he do not . monfriez ( 0.s. ) so I be here to finish the job . serling turn . monfriez stand there . car - 15 with a homemade silencer at he side . monfriez good work , ilario . I tell you you would find a way to keep he here . ilario you be not go to kill he . the kill be do . monfriez no , it be not . I be not go to Leavenworth just because you could not hold you water . he raise the gun and point it at serling . ilario , step between they . ilario I will not let you . you will have to kill I first . monfriez okay . and he shoot . ilario take a slug in the chest , go down ! serling toss he t-shirt into monfriez face . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 132 . then kick monfriez into the river ! monfriez go under with a big splash ! serling go to ilario . ilario look at the hole in he chest . ilario now I know what to do here ... he be daze . serling I be go for help . he start down the walkway , look for a open door . monfriez climb out of the water . he still have the gun . he fire ! bullet tear up the door serling be knock on . he run to another , lock also . he pound on it . the glass shatter in a window next to serling . more gunfire ! serling run down the walkway alongside the river . monfriez pursue -- fire . serling be hit . a bullet tear through he side . he falter . monfriez come run . serling gather he strength and run to a building under construction . he stagger past the " no trespass " tape , knock down the crude barrier . int . build , night a maze of half - complete wall , rebar poke out everywhere , half - connect plumbing , scattered stack of pipe and cement bag . serling run in and duck behind the cement bag . they erupt into grey dust as monfriez shoot at he . serling toss a piece of pipe at monfriez and run . they play hide and seek in the maze . serling play every nook and cranny , every shadow and blind spot . but monfriez be unflagge . he pursue , gun ready , occasionally toss off a shot to force serling to run . which serling do and trip over a pile of lumber . he fall ! monfriez come after he . serling try to rise , the lumber scatter beneath he and he fall again . monfriez be above he . the gun be levele at serling . monfriez sorry it 's only a one - gun salute , Colonel . wham ! monfriez be hit from behind ! he fall . it 's ilario , wield a length of pipe . jilario jump monfriez . they fall into a tangle of flail arm and leg . the car - 15 erupt . bullet fly . serling have to duck ! ilario be throw back . monfriez rise . serling toss a bag of cement at he ! it explode ! convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 133 . monfriez go down again , dust all over he . he have dust in he eye . but he fire the car - 15 , blindly , wildly . serling grab ilario and run . slower now , they wound and the fight drain they . they make a turn , go down a hall , another turn . Dead end . nothing but cement block , bare conduit . ilario shit . serling look around , desperate . on the floor , welding apparatus . against the wall , a wheeled table for the electrician . they can hear monfriez come . monfriez ( 0.s. ) C 'mon guy . take it like a man . ilario slump against the wall . serling look for a way out . there be none . serling like you do in the desert , monfriez ? monfriez ( 0.s. ) I do what I have to do . serling because you be afraid . monfriez ( 0.s. ) I want to survive . serling find a wrench on the floor . a bigass monkey wrench . he heft it in he hand . a weapon . he look at ilario , who shake he head sadly . serling what about take care of you fellow soldier ? he look at the acetylene tank , go to it and try to lift it . he can not . he look at ilario . monfriez ( 0.s. ) that 's all bullshit . serling no , it be not . ilario just prove it . he save my life . he look at ilario , implore . ilario get up , help lift the tank . it be heavy . both man be in great pain . they put it on the cart . convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 134 . serling put the cart in the middle of the corridor . monfriez not for long . and he be at the end of the narrow hall . he smile . monfriez let 's see how brave you be , Colonel . he come at they . serling raise the monkey wrench . monfriez look at it . monfriez you will never get close enough to use it . and he keep come . serling bring the wrench down -- on the acetylene tank nozzle . the nozzle break off ! Gas shoot out of the tank at a fierce rate . the tank be propel down the hall like a rocket , the wheel of the cart sing . the tank and cart ricochet off both wall . monfriez do not know which way to jump . spark fly as metal grind against concrete . the gas ignites . the tank go faster . it hit monfriez in the chest . blow he into the back wall . through the wall !!! both monfriez and the tank arc out over the river . they splash into it . serling and ilario stagger , limp to the hole in the wall . they look down . in time to see monfriez bob to the surface . Dead . chest crush . ext . river walk , night the paramedics work on ilario while serling , also bandage , watch . ilario , critique the paramedics . ilario you guy be good . paramedic this be the city . we get a lot of practice on bullet wound . the medic finish for the moment . serling look at ilario . serling thanks . ilario I kind of owed it to Captain walden . ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 135. ilario ( cont 'd ) it 's what she would have do . she 's the real thing . serling so be you . ilario , laugh derisively . it hurt . ilario at the wrong time . serling that 's how it work . we all have the potential to be a hero or a coward . we be just human . sometimes we be scared -- sometimes ... like you say -- it 's a fine line . we all live astride it . the paramedics escort they both to the ambulance . serling the secret be to admit to the weakest part of ourselves , accept it and ... ilario and what , sir ? serling do not know the answer until he say it . serling ... and ask for help when we be too weak to do it ourselves . that 's true bravery . a door have be open to he . he be still contemplate what he say when the ambulance door close on they . int . white house , day a ceremony . a couple of suit , a couple of Generals , a honor Guard , General hershberg , Major teegarden , the President of the United States , and at the center of attention , Joel , geraldine and little Anne Marie walden . Colonel banachek read from the citation . banachek ... Captain walden 's courage under fire , conspicuous gallantry , ( more ) convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org 136 . banachek ( cont 'd ) intrepidity and supreme dedication to she comrade , she extraordinary valor and inspirational supreme sacrifice be in keep with the high tradition of the military service and reflect utmost credit on herself , she unit and the U.S. Army . the medal , glorious in repose in a velvet box , be give to the little girl by the President himself . and Joel walden turn to we Supreme Commander . joel Mr. President . could I have a word ? ext . serling house , day serling and patella get out of serling 's car and walk up to the house . serling she 's still a hero . the rest of it would only muddy the water . let it rest . two of the eyewitness die tragically . the third be in rehab . let she have she medal . she more than deserve it . he open the door to he house . meredith see he . meredith you be home . serling I be home . she rush to hug he . tear , kiss . serling this be patella . he 's go to stay with we for a little while if it 's okay . we have join this program together . okay ? she just smile at he . meredith but ... convert to pdf by www.screentalk.org you be home . serling I be home . she take he arm , lead he inside . meredith c'mon , in Mr. patella . know anything about refrigerator ? the door close . the end 137 .