cowboys &amp ; alien written by Alex kurtzman , Roberto orci &amp ; damon lindelof aug 4th , 2009 fade up on : space . infinite star . a title : 1870 . the arizona territory . we descend past dark cloud . violent flash ripple within . Thunder blend with drum as we reach a BOX canyon ... a bonfire -- silhouetted body -- apache warrior whirl around the fire -- war paint -- mask and headdress -- a RELIGIOUS rite or celebration . on the periphery , we find ... a beautiful apache woman . softly sing to the even more beautiful baby in she arm as we follow they into -- a teepee . the simple melody of the woman 's song as she lay the baby on a blanket , gently swaddle it , love in she eye . but . the wind start to howl . qraj . and then ... a burst of light through the open of the teepee -- intense ultraviolet : fwhoooooooooooooooshhss !!! the E Ire tent be ripped up into the sky , leaving the woman and her baby-exposed !!!! she scream -- grab she child and start to run -- chaos everywhere as the tribe scatter in terror -- suddenly -- apaches be get yanked into the AIR by some superior force -- plucked savagely into the light , gone -- as we whip around the horror show of scream , disappearing indian -- and now -- a deafening shriek as strange dome object hurtle down , crashing like comet to the canyon floor and crushing fleeing people . impossibly , the object be steel machine . belly vent snap open and drill cone drop out -- jag tooth churn to life -- faster -- faster -- as the drill begin chewing into the ground . the woman -- staggering back in SHOCK and awe -- cling to she baby for one final scream and -- black . over which we read : C --( ) ... .- 4 ï¿½_ 's a N D a ext . arizona desert - day burn sun flare lens , beat down on ... a man . lying in the barren desert . out cold . handsome ... but hard . we will call he the man in black , the color of he dirty clothes . 2 . a pink tongue lick he . the man start awake -- to find a mongrel dog over he . mangy . but sweet . coughing , the man stumble up . how would he get here ? and where the hell i. : here ? and -- owww . a gash in he side ... .. part of the wound oddly seared . he wince . try to solve this painful puzzle . something glint on he wrist : a steel bracelet . no clasp to pull it off . he touch the surface -- tsss -- shit -- it 's hot ! and there 's a black stetson on the ground . the man grab it to shield he eye ... but stof : a worn photograph in the inner brim . a woman . Young , beautiful . smiling . the man stare : do he know this woman ? be this even he hat ? the dog bark alert . the man turn -- quick -- he hand reach toward he hip on instinct but there 's no holster . no gun . three rider on horseback be coming over the rise : the claiborne brother -- wes , mose and luke . dusty and tough . wes gallop right up to we man , give he the once over -- wes claiborne howdy . ( no response ) we be riding towards absolution . you know how far west we be ? the man 's get no idea what he 's talk about . luke claiborne maybe he 's a dummy . wes hop off he horse , right in the man 's face now -- wes claiborne there a reason you do not wanna answer my question , friend ? and now , mose nod to the bracelet on the man 's wrist -- mose claiborne wes , he 's get iron on he wrist ... and he 's be shot . luke claiborne Bet he 's a chain jumper . luke spur he horse behind he -- the man 's surrounded . 3. luke if he escape , there will be a bounty . let 's bring he with we . wes nod as he slide a sawed - off double - barrel from he back scabbard . cock both barrel . the dog growls -- wes claiborne not you lucky day , Stranger -- turn round and start walk . but the man do not move . the claiborne share glance . wes step forward -- raising he rifle -- wes claiborne ( cont 'd ) Dead or alive , no difference . I say walk or -- the man move , a mechanism of brutal violence -- yank the rifle forward as blami -- shot go wild -- suddenly the gun 's in the man' hand -- blaxi wes be blown backwards , hole in he chest ! as hose draw he enfield , the man flip the rifle again -- slam ! mose fly off he saddle as the man roll -- under luke 's horse -- grabbing luke 's ankle -- suddenly luke 's flat on he back -- breathless , stare up at the double - barrel : luke claiborne -- p-please , God -- d- do not -- -- the man pull the trigger but click ! the rifle 's empty . luke 's relief be short as the man slam the gun -butt down , knock he out cold . and all of this take about ten second . this man be a cold - blooded killer . but somehow ... he do not seem to know that . confusion . drop the rifle , look down at he hand ... cover in blood . and the body in he wake . the wind loosen a piece of paper from wes 's jacket . it dance on the breeze -- flatten against the Stranger 's foot . he pick it up , bloody fingerprint on what we now see be a telegram -- " to fort stanton -- stop -- absolution TOWNSHIP besieged by outlaw -- stop -- fifty dollar for any man with a gun -- stop -- absolution await -- stop " the man in black ( a hoarse whisper ) absolution ... slam to moment later : with a hya ! the man send two horse galloping , mount the third , wince at that gash in he side . start to trot off ... see the dog follow ... 4. the man in black ( cont 'd ) get outta here . leave I alone . but the dog keep follow . like they be friend now . the man turn away dismissively as we boom up to reveal the wide OPEN valley below ... and a speck within it that be : ext . town - MAIN STREET - day a crooked sign : " absolution . " the town be dismal and forget . crumble building blister by sun . the man ride in -- dehydrated , the wound draining he . his eye fall on the first building he see ... a church . int . church - day bam ! the door fly open and votive candle flicker . the man look at the dog and say -- the man in black stay . the dog sit by the door as the man enter -- empty -- he 's move -- into a small kitchen area -- bottle of whiskey -- uncork it with he tooth -- drink -- pour some on the wound -- then a pistol cock behind he -- meet meacham , town preacher , a tough , wash - foot Baptist : meacham palm to heaven , friend . the man freeze . turn up he hand . the man in black be shot . meacham only two kind of man get shot -- criminal and victim . ( step forward ; hard ) which one be you ? the man in black do not know . meacham hear the honesty in he voice . know a lose soul when he see one . lower he gun , soften ... meacham get a name , son ? the man in black do not know that either . 5 . meacham what do you know ? the man in black ( a beat ; then ) ... English . off meacham , intrigued -- we CUT to : int . church rectory - later a candle flame -- a needle pass through it -- it 's later and meacham 's study the man 's wound : meacham odd wound . look ... cauterize . ( off the man 's look ) means something ' burn it half close . the man just stare . News to he . and now , as meacham lean over the wound , the metal cross around he neck begin to twitch ... lift ever so slightlx off he chest -- towards the strange bracelet on the man 's wrist . meacham react -- meacham ( cont 'd ) Nice trick . that some kind ... magnet ? the man look at he -- " what the hell be a ' magnet ' ?!? " meacham shrug it off , ready the needle -- meacham ( cont 'd ) try and hold still . he poke the hot needle through the wound -- the man wince slightly , but bear the pain . meacham ( cont 'd ) where would you ride in from ? the man in black West . woke up in the desert . look up at the sun like I would be drop outta the sky . meacham seem I remember a story about that happen once ... fella by the name of lucifer . ( grins ) how ' bout I just call you " luke , " for short . but theman 's distract by he reflection in a crack mirror : he own face unfamiliar . meacham nod towards the man 's hand -- 6 . meacham ( cont 'd ) that blood yours or somebody else 's ? the man in black Three man ride up . Drew on I . ( still confuse ) my hand ... move on they own . meacham ( a beat ) anything else you wanna confess to while you get my attention ? and the man sense somehow that , ygg , there be ... but : the man in black everything that happen before I wake up ... ( shake he head ) it 's go . meacham well . too bad . can not absolve you for you sin if you do not recall them . that bein ' say ... meacham look up , eye twinkle . this be not a fire and brimstone preacher . this be a guy who get it -- meacham ( cont 'd ) I see bad man do good thing and good man do bad thing . whether you end up in heaven or hell ... it 's not God 's plan ... it 's yours . ( beat ) you just get to remember what it be . the man consider . darkly -- the man in black what if I do not want to remember ? meacham ( beat ; grins ) then you be probl 'y goin ' to hell . on cue -- smash !!! the stain glass window explode as a molotov cocktail hurtle into the church . FIRE spread around the pews -- meacham activate -- tear curtain off the confessional and use they to stamp out the fire -- meacham ( cont 'd ) dammit -- it 's dolarhyde 's man ! whoops and hollers and gunshot outside ! the man whirl to see a dozen men on horseback , maraud through town -- 7. ext . absolution - MAIN STREET - continuous they leader be percy dolarhyde , a cocky , hot - tempere bastard -- he ignites another molotov , hurl it at the claim office -- percy this be a message from my father ! only claim to land around herex the one with his name on it ! the gang ride down Main Street , hooting -- percy cock another molotov , aim for the SALOON -- but one of he man , half - Apache nat colorado , shout : nat colorado percy ! n2t the saloon ! percy why the goddamn hell not ?! nat colorado Cause you dady say so . something load in the way he emphasize " daddy . " percy glare -- strange resentment between they . with a growl , percy gallop off , chuck the flame bottle onto the church step : int . meachan' church - continuous meacham finish put out the fire , grab a couple blanket as he move past the man -- meacham you wanna help or be you just gonna stand there and burn ?! ext . church - porch - continuous frightened townspeople run for the sanctuary of the church , meacham swat out the fire on the step -- meacham all right , folk -- do not panic ! get inside and you will be fine ... c'mon ... meacham toss the man one of the blanket , nod across the street to the general store which be just starting to burn -- meacham ( cont 'd ) put it out before it get goin ' ! on the man , not sure how he suddenly become the damn fire brigade , but hustling across the street to -- the general store 8. whip open the blanket , beat at the flame advance toward the roof -- put the FIRE out as the door fly OPEN and out step : a kid . 11 . Rough and tumble . and right now , mouth full of licorice . two full jar of candy in he hand . oops : kid just tryin ' to save the candy . ( swallows , worried now ) you one of my pa 's hire gun ? before he can answer , hoofbeat behind they -- and here 's percy . he yank the rein , pull he revolver on we man -- percy who the hell be yam ? whatever the opposite of Love at first sight be , this be it : the man nobody . percy nobody be right . you think you can just collect you fifty dollar and ride off ? you sign up for the wrong side , boy . the kid 's scared . the man isn 't , despite the gun in he face : percy ( cont 'd ) tell you what . you get down on you knee and kiss my boot . the man 's eye narrow -- percy ( cont 'd ) you do that and I will let you run back to wherever the hell you come from so you can tell whoever you see ... ( cock he gun ) absolution belong - tg..th -e - 1 dolar es . the man you want I to kiss you boot ? percy extend he boot just inches from the man 's face : percy tongue 's just fine if you be feelin ' amorous . do not hold ba -- thwip ! the man yank percy 's boot off he foot in one quick move and kwham !!! 1 wing it right into percy face ! percy fly off the horse -- the man grab he rifle -- the moment percy land , it 's sticking into he neck : 9 . the man kiss this , you sonofa -- nat colorado ( o.s. ) -- put it down ! -- nat Colorado gallop around the corner , shotgun raised . percy goddamnit , nat -- shoot he !!! -- but the man yank percy up by he collar , use he as a shield between himself and Colorado . eerily calm -- the man wherever you come from ? go back . Colorado know he 's deal with a professional . more gang member ride up , surprised -- a dirty outlaw , greavey , bark : greavey sheriff 's right behind we , nat ! percy you goddamn shitheel ! do not you even think about leavin ' I !!!! Colorado -- decision -- do not take long -- glare at the man -- nat colorado be see you . the man look forward to it . with that , nat spur he horse -- ya ! the other follow he as he ride hard out of town . percy growl at the man -- percy you be a dead man . you hear I ? so help I God I will kill you my -- dm ! the man 's smashes percy 's skull with the gun , knock he out cold , as lawmen approach on horseback -- kid fa ! he catch percy dolarhyde ! sheriff kyle taggart rear up on he horse . tall , dark and handsome despite a sadness in he eye , already dismount : sheriff taggart emmett -- you all right ? the kid ( now emmett ) stride towards he father excitedly : 10 . emmett you -shoulda -seen-it-he-tossed -percy-l ike - a-f lap jack - then -stare - down - nat-colorado - like - he- be not - even-scare !!!! taggart turn to the man now , cautious , but grateful -- sheriff taggart pardon my boy , mister . he can be excitable . ( put out he hand ) Kyle taggart . the man shake taggart 's hand . a beat . then -- the man in black . luke . sheriff taggart well I be in you debt , luke . tune of fifty dollar , actually . ( off the man 's look ) we advert ? the telegram ? the man nods -- oh , right . sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) could use a man like you in case any of them come back ... the man in black -- I be just pass through . sheriff taggart Fair enough . you do not mind spend the night , bank open in the morning ... I will get you you money then . ( nod down the street ) saloon 's get room . you just tell Maria I send you . the man tip he hat , nod to emmett ( still starstruck ) , turn to go . taggart furrow he brow as the dog scamper after he . sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) you here with the prospector woman ? the man stop . intrigue . turn back -- the man in black woman ? sheriff taggart yup . Real looker . come into town yesterday with that there dog . she a friend of yours ? 11 . on the man . his first real lead . the man in black maybe . and as the man head off , we hold on taggart , he spidey - sense tingling that all be not right with this ... deputy WADE somethin ' wrong , Kyle ? sheriff taggart what 's that french sayin ' where you swear you see someone before ? deputy WADE do not speak french . sheriff taggart no ... you sure 's hell do not . taggart take one last look at the man depart as we CUT to : ext . cattle range - magic hour 300 head of cattle under a blood red sky -- boom down to three ranch hand by a fire . one 's drink liberally from a bottle ; call he roy clanton . the other two trade glance , nervous : ranch hand # 1 should take it easy there , pal -- ranch hand # 2 Mr. dolarhyde do not like it when we drink on the job . roy clanton I do not give a damn what he do not like -- gotta sit here and babysit a damn herd of cattle . dolarhyde be not gonna do squat . ( rise ; grab he crotch ) gotta see a man about a buffalo ... he let out a big burp and stumble off behind a ridge . more thunder . something do not feel right . a sudden whoosh and -- a cow's pulled into the AIR behind they by some invisible force , just like the apach in our open ! fly straight up , out of frame . its plaintive moo blend into all the other : ranch hand # 1 you hear that ? ranch hand # 2 hear what ? 12. another cow zip up from the herd behind they . and another . many of the swssh . the man slowly turn toward the sound as -- all at once , hundred of cow fly off into the sky ! ranch hand # 1 sweet jesus !!! the darkness explode with eerily brilliant blue light ! the men scream as they 're engulfed in it and -- roy clanton -- come running back up the hill , pull up he pants as the light disappear -- to find the man gone . so be the cow . pull back ... he 's all that's left in the open range . int . gold leaf SALOON - night the batwing door swing OPEN : the man in Black enter with the dog , tip he hat to a couple whore . they grin , like what they see . ranch hand drink they pay . behind the bar , a man and woman argue . doc and maria ; she 's a buxom mexican beauty ; he 's 300 roly - poly pound of anxious castilian jealousy : doc -- I know you be , do not lie to I ! maria how many time do we have to do this , arturo ? J. love you . doc really ? do you ?!? ( hold up a pocketwatch ) I find this in we bed ! and I do not k3 vg. a watch , Maria . I can not afjqrd a watch because y insisted we buy this saloon ! she look at he squarely -- yes , some secret withheld . as the man in Black reach the bar , he 's Maria 's excuse to end this : maria we have customer . and move off . Doc stomp toward the exit -- see emmett at the back of the bar steal sip of Beer from leave - behind glass : doc afuera ! adult only !!! emmett run out . the man sit beside a old cuss name atticus . the dog heel at the man 's foot , eye a steak on atticus ' plate : atticus that mutt make a move for my steak , I will drill he down . 13. maria shut up , atticus . this be the man who take out percy dolarhyde . atticus grumble and go back to eat , but not before sweeping he duster aside to show the gun in he holster . Maria roll she eye , set a glass in front of the man , who nod : the man in black I be look for a woman . she gesture to the whore -- maria what kind ? the man in black this kind . he remove the photo from inside he hat . the one of the woman . maria never see she before . but she be beautiful . ( pour he whiskey ; then one for herself ) here 's to you find she , senor . on the man . not exactly sure he want to . but they clink glass , knock them back . Maria pour he another : maria ( cont 'd ) you have any idea what kind of mess you just step into ? the man in black no . but I figure I would be safe in here seein ' as how that boy I toss off he horse do not wanna burn you saloon . Maria 's eye go down . somehow guilty . but then : - - maria it 's not the boy you should worry about . ( ominous ) it 's he papa . ext . ranch - night Pov : upside down , a man , surround by he ranch hand -- he face just out of the light , hat brim lower under a oil lamp : dolarhyde name 's woodrow dolarhyde . I be what you might call , the tall hog at the trough . 14 . his face come into light : 50' , tailore finery , patent leather Wellington boot that bespeak wealth . hard . exude power : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) you be Roy , right ? clanton , be it ? be work for I two week now , and I have not have the pleasure . we Pov belong to roy clanton , the ranch hand from the cow abduction . terrified -- he arm and leg tied to the saddle of two horse , kick dirt in front of dolarhyde 's ranch house : clanton Mr. dolarhyde , I ... I swear I do not steal you -- -- a violent " ssst " from dolarhyde jostle the horse -- stretching Roy tight enough to SNAP -- he scream -- dolarhyde best not to interrupt I , Roy , make the horse skittish . ( then ) you partial to history ? here 's a primer , listen close : he pull out a whip , grip it by its sterling silver handle . start circle the horse as he let the whip unfurl : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) follow the War of Northern aggression -- what some ironically refer to as the " Civil " War -- come a prodigious nation - wide market for beef . cowtown spring up all along this prairy , Roy ; populate by enterprise young drover -- among them , my daddy , jeremiah dolarhyde . sold six of he gold tooth and a sword gift to he by Robert E . Lee for twenty of the scrawniest longhorn you ever see -- then turn them into the fattest herd West of the chisholm Trail . ( stop : the whip ) watched he work this lash , drive that steer till he finger ble ... but what good 's a whip without a herd , Roy ? and slowly , torturously , sweep the whip tip in the dirt ... roy clanton Mr. dolarhyde , Sir , you gotta believe I -- I go to take a piss and and -- see a light in the sky -- blue -- and when I run back the cow and fella be go ! 15 . dolarhyde the sky . open up . and take my cow . incoming hoofbeat -- dolarhyde look up to see colorado and the rest of the gang return from absolution . a woman emerge from the servant 's quarter . apache . 50' . beautiful . as the man rear , nat Colorado meet eye with she . a relationship we do not understand yet as dolar stride up -- dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) where 's percy ? nat colorado jail . sheriff lock he up . dolar darken . unsheathes a knife . look down at Roy : dolarhyde when be this people gonna lgarn ? he stab the knife down ... slicing the rope tethere to Roy 's feet . his lower body slump to the ground , he breathes a sigh : roy clanton thank y -- dolar slap the horse 's rump , to which Roy 's upper torso be tie ; it gallop off , drag a scream roy into the night . dolarhyde everyone saddle up . get we a sheriff to kill . as he move off , dolarhyde 's eye go to the Apache woman . something pass between they . she seem concerned . nat colorado be not the sheriff , get he catch . it be a stranger . that stop dolarhyde . he turn back , face dark : dolarhyde ... what stranger ? nat colorado usually a man give off a scent . where he 's be . what he 's do . ( still spooked ) he do not have one . off dolarhyde , eye burning -- 16 . int . sheriff taggart office - night a bullet , in close up , twirling between the thumb and forefinger of sheriff taggart . boot up on he desk , troubled . deputy Wade pour himself a cup from a tin pot of coffee : deputy charlie WADE percy would not have come in shoot without he daddy 's say - so , Kyle . you best get ready for a war ' cause that 's what 's comin' . sheriff taggart tomorrow we ride the little shit up Phoenix way , turn he over . dolarhyde 's get a beef , he can take it up with the 6th cavalry . taggart 's on he foot , grab he jacket off the door -- sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) goddamn tired of this ... fatass rancher scare good people off they lan -- he stop . something catch he eye on the posting board . yank a piece of paper off , a mixture of confusion and concern sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch . what doe he see ? before we get a chance to know -- ext . SALOON - night emmett's face rise into frame , peer into the saloon from below a windowsill . see the man in black at the bar as --- int . SALOON - night -- he slug back a shot , the dog at he foot , still eyeing that steak on atticus ' plate . the man point to he glass : the man in black another . maria you drink like a man who want to forget . the man in black ( haunt ; the irony ) other way round . the dog whine again for the steak . atticus slam down he silverware . draw he gun -- 17 . atticus you get three second to get you dog outta here or I blow he ball off . the man in black ( without a blink ) not my dog . atticus q= ... two ... -- and just before " three " ... ca- click . atticus freeze , because there 's a rifle barrel at the back of h, is head now : voice ( o.s. ) give you odd you do not get to ' three . ' rack to find the person hold the rifle be a woman . beautiful . exotic . dress in leather . meet ella swenson . on the man in black . can not help himself . immediate and undeniable chemistry . but she pay he no mind -- make a psst sound and the dog snap to she side . atticus uncock he gun , slowly slide it back in the holster -- atticus I be just havin ' some fun , miss -- ella give - he , the steak . atticus hesitate , angry at the humiliation . ella presses the gun harder against he neck , lowering he -- and he plate -- to the floor . right in front of the dog , who growls -- ella ( cont 'd ) now say you be sorry . atticus ( bite he tongue ) I be -- sorry . ella his name 's ' happy . ' happy bare he teeth . inches from atticus ' face atticus I be sorry ... ' happy . ' ella alright then . ( lower she rifle ) you be right . that be fun . 18. -- atticus scramble back to he foot and out the door , as ella look at the man in Black : ella ( cont 'd ) what be you do with my dog ? the man in black I be hope you could tell I . ella the hell be you talk ab --? wrist bracelet . surprise and revelation : ella ( cont 'd ) where ... do you get that ? before he can answer , sheriff taggart enter , along with deputy WADE ( carry a shotgun ) , and 5 other deputy . they move cautiously to the man , like he 's a powder keg about to go off ... sheriff taggart hey there , " luke . " mind follow I down to the office so we can have we a chat ...? the man in black ( confuse ; alert ) what for ? sheriff taggart all due respect , I be the law , mister . that 's what for . the man lock eye : the man in black tell you what , sheriff . how about you keep the fifty dollar you owe I and I just walk outta here like we. never meet ? sheriff taggart because we do meet . on ella . for reason we be not sure of , the idea of the man leave alarm she . all the gunslinger ' hand be poised by holster . the man stay preternaturally cool : the man in black L can not be accountable for what happen if they draw on I . sheriff taggart and what 's gonna happen ? 19 . the man in black best you do not find out . sheriff taggart now why would you have to go and say that ? taggart give a nod and the man start to converge -- the man in black ( low ; genuine plea ) do not . but Charlie make a move and the man slam he head into a pole -- the next gunman reach for he pistol -- the man punch he throat -- slam the third into a bench -- the FOURTH straight down on the faro table -- taggart level he repeater -- but the man just grab the barrel as taggart fire a round into the ceiling -- now the rifle 's in the man' hand and just before he pull the trigger on taggart : he sees emmett at the window . about to watch he father 's murder ... and the man lower the gun : the man in black ( cont 'd ) I tell you , I do not wanna hurt any b -- crack ! the butt of a pistol whip the side of he skull ! the man drop as we reveal who just knock he ass out : ella ! taggart draw a gun and pin the man , whipping out that piece of paper he pull from he office ... sheriff taggart yup -- look just like he . now we it be a wanted poster with the man' face on it : sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) " Jake lonergan . scourge a' the Territories . want Dead or alive . " and the man ... now forever know as jake ... stare woozily into he overturned hat ... the photo tuck inside of the beautiful woman ... she image go blurry ... then mil{ : and wham : memory flashcuts1 strobelixe image -- 1 . ) a tilt , handmade trail sign : " saguaro pass . " 2 . ) we be in a cabin somewhere . blinding ultraviolet light explode into the cabin , against which a demonic silhouette appear -- it look like a indian in full - feather headdress -- 20 . 3 . ) a woman' face -- the woman from jake' photograph -- she look at we and scream -- 4 . ) now we be someplace very dark -- a cave ? as some kind of terrifying ocular probe lower right in front of we eye -- 5 . ) now we be running through the cave -- escape -- breathing hard -- a light at the end of the tunnel -- blinding SUN hit we as we emerge -- we eye adjust to see : 6 . ) a strange rock formation on the rim of a canyon -- like a stone tower point to heaven as the SUN whitewash US to : int . jail cell - pre-dawn jake' eye OPEN and he gasp AIR ! his Pov : a face come into focus -- percy dolarhyde . grinning at he from the next cell : percy you be a dead . Jake sit up . woozy . blink back to reality . percy ( cont 'd ) my daddy 's comin ' for I , Boy . you be gonna end up another dead shitheel under he spur . I be gonna watch you suffer for a long , long -- Jake move lightning quick -- reach through the bar , grabbing percy collar , yanking forward -- slamming percy 's head into the bar , knocking him out cold again . percy drop . jake shut up . Jake sit back on he cot , rub he still - throbbing head . ext . sheriff' office - jail - continuous a prison wagon pull up in front of the sheriff 's office , along with taggart 's gunmen on horseback . ella take frame as the man dismount and head into the office -- she pursue deputy WADE with a real sense of purpose : ella I need to see lonergan . it 's important . deputy WADE ' fraid not , miss -- we be preppin ' he for transport . and push past she , into the office with the man . hold on ella -- dammit , she need to find a way in there . 21 . int . sheriff' office - jail cell - continuous a key in the lock as the cell door open : sheriff taggart , Wade , the gunman . glaring at Jake , then notice percy -- sheriff taggart what happen to he ? jake ( deadpan ) man walk into a bar . taggart shake he head as Charlie and a deputy unlock percy 's cell , cuff he , drag he out . taggart point to Jake : sheriff taggart step back against the wall there . move and I shoot you dead . jake ( as he do ) you should have let I go . sheriff taggart yeah , I should have shot you in you knee . you put down six of my deputy . jake six be all you have . sheriff taggart Hell , they be gonna love you in Phoenix . jake yeah ? what 's in Phoenix ? sheriff taggart what you get comin ' , Jake lonergan . taggart reach into he shirt , pull out a pair of glass . slip they on he nose . take out that wanted poster and read : sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) aggravate banditry , 17 count , forgery , blackmail , hijack , injurious use of a cattle prod , arson , incitement of whorehouse riot , and trespass with intent to deflower . you be also leader of a gang of outlaw includin ' Creek Johnson and bull mccade , which make you accessory to every law they break too . jake ( after a long beat : ) that it ? 22. sheriff taggart save the best for last ... ' murder . ' that land on Jake . wonder if this be true . evenly -- jake it say who I kill ? sheriff taggart prostitute outta mojave , name of Alice will . taggart rise , remove Jake 's black stetson from a hook on the wall , pull that photograph of the woman from the inner brim : sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) if I be a bettin ' man , I would say this would be Ms. will , would it not ? Jake just stare , confuse . shaken . sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) they find she dead in a cabin round saguaro pass , twenty mile west of here . with that , a clue fall into place : saguaro pass . sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) deed be in you name . he slip the photo back in the brim , toss the hat to Jake : sheriff taggart ( cont 'd ) Dead hooker with a hole in she chest , in you cabin , plus you sterling reputation equal guilty as goddamn sin . ( draw he gun ) and you be gonna hang for it . at gunpoint , taggart push Jake out the door -- ext . desert plain - dawn against the rising SUN , dolarhyde and 15 gunmen ride hard , armed to the teem . they rear in the hill above absolution . dolar look down through binoculars as nat colorado turn to ... a income wind . across the valley , a massive black cloud be start to swirl . violent blue flash within . eerie . greavey blue light ... clanton say he see blue light before the cow disappear ... dolarhyde just a storm . 23. colorado no storm I have ever see ... I say we wait ' till it pass . but dolar be not listen . through he binoculars : he see percy be carry into the prison wagon . follow by Jake . dolarhyde no time , they put he in a iron coach . with a hya ! he 's off , the other following with reluctant look -- still spooked by that income STORM : ext . absolution - MAIN STREET - continuous as Jake 's load into the prison wagon after the still - unconscious percy , he sees meacham through the bar window . the preacher flash sympathy as Wade take out the cuff key : deputy WADE gimme you wrist . Jake hold out he hand . Wade unlock one wrist , freeing a cuff ... then take that cuff and lock it to percy 's wrist . jake what be you --? charlie best way to make a man stay put : chain he to he enemy . ( a grin ) you lovebird have a nice trip now . slam : the door close and lock . Jake sigh and try to sit back , but it 's hard tethere to percy 's slump form . shit . then qww -- something start to sting and he look down : he bracelet . have start pulsing red . and it 's get warm . Jake stare -- on edge -- what the hell 's happen ? as -- outside , taggart mount the buckboard . emmett feed the horse : emmett you sure he 's a bad guy , pa ? he do give percy a lickin' . sheriff taggart he 's bad enough . emmett ( not so sure , but --) . can I come with you ? sheriff taggart too dangerous . 24 . emmett dangerous to drive a damn coach ? why can not Charlie just take he ? sheriff taggart because it 's my job , emmett . that 's what this people pay I to do . and you mother would kill I if I bring you . emmett look off , half sad , half angry -- emmett good thing she 's already dead then . and turn without a goodbye . taggart watch he leave , wishing he could connect . take the rein and look up -- react : that massive . frightening cloud in the sky -- roiling faster toward town . the scary blue flash within grow more intense . in the coach -- with jake , look at the bracelet , the pulsing grow more frequent -- and then , a voice : ella ( 0.s . ) hey ! Jake turn to see ella , push up against the coach window : ella ( cont 'd ) tell I where you get that bracelet ... jake maybe you should 'a ask before you knock I out .. ella please ... I need to know . just tell I where you get it . jake y doli ' .x bmbgx - - I don ' t remember my name or where I have be or any of the thing they say I do , so leave I the hell alone . and sit back as the coach start to move , leave ella in the dust . some of the gunman ride atop it ; other on horseback cover the coach in a protective ring . Wade see something income from the NORTH : deputy WADE kyle !!! taggart look up : dolarhyde 's gang racing down the mountain -- 25 . sheriff taggart damnit -- he unsling he shotgun as he man ready they weapon -- on dolarhyde's gang , riding hard , gun ready too -- this be about to get ugly . but ... from the other end of town , the wind pick up -- as the massive storm cloud seem shockingly to have store at a h -- its eye churn , roaring and ... two bolt of blue lightning crack down from it ! happy start barking madly . ella see the lightning and start to back away in fear : ella nonono -- get to you cellar ! everyone underground nat ! but she cry be lost as -- rrrrrrrr !!!!! a long , narrow funnel shoot from the churning cloud : a tornado ! breaking the momentum of the showdown -- the stagecoach upend , flipping sideways as the animal try to break free -- taggart and he man be thrown -- Inside , Jake and percy tumble end -over - end -- slamming into wall , locked together -- jarring percy back to consciousness -- dolarhyde 's man be thrown from they horse too as the animal stampede off in different direction -- the 1q8k=o engulf the town ! the concussive blast buckle building , pulling whole section of they into the sky ! the telegraph office . sheriff' station . brothel . wood stripped right off there false front like piano keys ! okay , wait . just wait . take a breath . ' Cause it 's about ... . to get ... . more insane ... ten manta ray - shape hover -speeder burst from the cyclone ! roaring into the town , flying just above ground -- townspeople's face -- go down the rabbit hole -- 19 th century brain try to process the impossible -- meacham Jesus God !! strange steel ring fire from the speeder and mushroom out -- ka - ching ! -- SNAP OPEN and clamp around neck , arm , leg -- and from this steel collar , cable lash out , whip -snapp back to the speeder and tethering magnetically to they -- 26 . yeah - this be high - tech lassos : helpless victims be yanked off the ground and pulled behind the speeder like roped steer ! two of taggart gunmen . now some of dolaryhyde ' S. scream , just go . this be a ... qlp lam . emmett -- stunne -- as sheriff taggart run for he -- sheriff taggart emmett ! emmett run into he dad 's embrace -- emmett sheriff taggart what 's happen ?! -- stay _by -mvside ! a_livery_stable -- the horse stamp in they stall as taggart tear the door open and rush emmett inside ; as he 's about to follow ... be c1:t lU 01 if emmett PA !! -- a steel cable fire from the collar , snap taut as it connect to a speeder and whoosh ! taggart 's ripped off he foot , drag away -- ella tackle the boy as another ring zoom overhead , lock around a fleeing woman -- she 's taken -- emmett ( cont 'd ) they take he ! lemme 9q11 !! ella he's gone ! emmett no he's N -- ella listen to I ! you wanna live ?!! where be there a cellar ?! take I to it ! -- he's coming into focus -- tear in he eye -- emmett birdcage theater ! with a " c'mon !!! " she rush he through the frenzied crowd -- int . prison wagon - continuous jake and !mercy -- trapped in the upside - down coach -- Jake see deputy WADE on the ground just a few foot away , head bleed -- jake hey !! let US out !!! 27 . -- but whoosh ! a metal collar clamp around WADE and yank he away ! percy struggle wildly against Jake in a tug -o '- war : jake ( cont 'd ) stop pulling and gimme you hand --! percy jake -- the hell for -- ?! -- I can get US free ! gimme you damn hand !!! percy relent . offer up he hand . Jake grab all of percy 's finger , tightens he fist around they -- crrrraaacki snap they backward !!!!! percy shriek as Jake kick he back against the wall , forcing percy 's hand out of the cuff -- and now Jake 's untethered too ! through the crowd -- dolarhyde hear he son scream . sees the overturn coach and two - finger whistle to : dolarhyde Colorado ! nat Colorado race in as dolar draw he .45 -- bang ! -- shatter the coach lock -- they pull percy out : percy my finger !! hz be= my finger !!! dolarhyde quit whinin ' and find a horse ! as dolar run for he horse , percy see a pistol leave on the ground -- grab it with he good hand and fire at Jake who juke behind the coach for cover , percy shoot in a FURY but : -- klink ! a collar clamp around percy 's neck and he 's yanked off too ! dolarhyde turn and sees he son disappear : int . meacham ' S church - continuous meacham usher people into the church as wall shake , pews jump : int . blacksmith be shop - continuous doc and maria burst in , huddle under a window . across the room , a young man clamp a hand over he terrified wife 's mouth -- craaasfi ! more ring smash through the wall , yanking the young couple through it ! another ring clamp around maria' neck ! maria ayudameeeeeee ! Doc leap after she but she collar 's lasso cable whip out , tethering to a pass speeder and she 's ripped out the door -- 28 . doc maria !!! ext . birdcage theater - cellar - continuous ella -- hurry emmett toward the theater 's cellar door , but a speeder circle around and roar toward they -- on jake . he sees this -- and suddenly , to he surprise as much as our ... he bracelet activate ! metal coming to life , coiling up around he arm -- what ? how ? -- as it become ... a smart gun blaster we pon ! a holographic scope materialize , tracking that speeder as it descend on ella and the mother and : ballllammmi the blaster fire a pulse , vaporizing the speeder mid - AIR ! the recoil hurtle jake back 15 feet , into a wall . ella reach the cellar door with emmett . locked . see a hatchet in a stump -- rip it out and hammer the lock to bit : ella everyone inside ! go go go !! ushering emmett and townsfolk underground , pull the door shut -- ext . absolution - MAIN STREET - continuous jake stumble up ... as a speeder fire a ring at he . but reflexively , he wrist weapon fire another blast , vaporize it ! he look down at the blaster : " Hell y . " another speeder circle around -- kaboom ! the blaster 's incredible firepower spiral the speeder out of control , it crash into : int . meacham church - continuous the speeder plows through , parishioner flee -- the church bell break from the bell tower -- crash down on the speeder -- ext . town street - continuous as Jake keep firing , the last speeder turn tail and retreat -- disappear back into the tornado as the cloud overhead open up and inhales the swirl mass , which spiral to the heaven . ... gone . the massive cloud seem to vaporize and the desert SUN return ... debris flutter ... smoke clear ... and all ... be ... still . as we camera rise to reveal ... half the building have be sucked into the sky . 29 . from the rubble , survivor emerge : emmett and ella from the cellar with inhabitant . dolarhyde . doc . Al in SHOCK : doc Maria -- oh God -- they t-took she -- what just ...? moan , wail ... desperate cry as people search for love one . jake' blaster -- retract , fold in on itself -- shrink down to size , reverting back into a bracelet . he 's stunne . so be the remain townsfolk . dolarhyde be first to speak : dolarhyde who the hell be ? nat colorado he 's the one who cage percy . dolarhyde start moving toward Jake -- wild killer eye -- dolarhyde whatwere__tho_se__thinae ? jake -- why be you ask m&amp ; ?! dolarhyde grip Jake 's arm -- the bracelet : dolarhyde this ! where would you get this ?! it be shoot the same light beam they be -- jake let go of my wrist . dolarhyde -- I be not lettin ' go of nothin ' till you tell I what the he -- ka-lllang !! suddenly that church bell come hurtling out of the church wreckage , plows through debris . people scatter . and out of the church stumble ... a alien . 8 ft. tall . stand upright , limb invert -- limb that drag , wounded , as people scream and run and Jake and dolarhyde can only stare , jaw drop , and the monster lunge : whupwhup -- something spinning through the air -- a hatchet --- schluck !!!! -- embedding in the alien be head ! whip to -- ella , hang iust hurl it . the alien let out a death rattle then fall forward , the hatchet embed deeper as it hit the dirt . Holy shit . 30 . ella 's adrenaline dynamo start to die down , replace now by SHOCK . and for what seem like the first time , fear . she exhales a crazy breath , stumble back ... as slowly ... people converge around the corpse : emmett be it ... dead ? Jake kick the alien . it do not move . happy bark -- dolarhyde . the hell j , , a it ? meacham ( o.s. ) a demon . they all turn to see meacham . terrified . meacham ( cont 'd ) revelation 16:14 : " for there be spirit of demon , show sign . " ( point to the alien ) escape from hell itself . emmett lookit its wrist ! it 's get one 'a that bracelet thing too ! indeed , there on the creature 's wrist be a identical bracelet . on jake . mind tumble . he meet eye with ella . her face as eager as he to understand this and now ... beep . beep . beep . what 's that SOUND ? everyone look at each other . Colorado bend closer to the corpse ... scare ... nat colorado I think ... it 's comin ' from somewhere inside it . people look at each other : what now ? try to control the near - hysteria they all feel . finally , dolarhyde take a breath -- more bravado than actual courage : dolarhyde only one way to find out . we need to cut it open . ( to doc ) you be a doctor . get a bone see ? doc snap out of he stupor , look up , freaked -- doc . be you ... serious ? ( look to they all ) what the hell just happened ?!? 31 . dolarhyde wake u that thing take you wife -- doc I know that !! dolarhyde well this one here 's we only chance of findin ' where they go . that land on all of they . a long beat . Doc look down at the thing , orange goo dribble around the axe in its head ... dollarhyde so you get a bone see or do not you ? int . gold lbap SALOON - day thud ! the alien corpse be dropped onto the bar by Doc and meacham . as dolarhyde and Colorado follow through the batwing -- Doc whip a shotgun from under the bar : doc stay outside . you be not welcome in here ! dolar bring up he colt -- so do colorado -- dolarryde I own more of this town than any man in it so I will go wherever the hell I damn please . and for the record ? you be not welcome in my country , mexican . ella step between they , bad ass -- ella whatever trouble you have do not mean a damn thing against the one we get now . we wanna see we way through them , you gun better start point in the same direction , goddammit . Doc and dolar never take eye off each other . or they gun . finally ... dolar lower he . so do doc. people breathe . meacham slip on a pair of glass , study eerie vein and muscle through the creature 's viscous outer layer . Doc turn he focus to the alien too . pick up he pump -operated bone saw . press he boot on the bellow , it turn with a whir ... shaking as he bring the spinning blade to the alien 's chest . look at meacham , afraid -- doc if it 'mss a demon , and I cut it open ... be I go to burn for it ? 32 . meacham hesitates a beat , then cross the air in front of Doc -- meacham that should cover ya . on doc . Little relief . brow sweat , he bring the spin blade down toward the disgusting alien -- vrrrrzz -- hesitate -- doc Excuse I . B gh ! he puke on the ground . emmett Jesus , Doc !!! Doc wipe he mouth with a handkerchief , slightly defiant -- doc this be not normal . I be entitle to vomit . we should xu be vomit . dolarhyde just cut , lardass . Doc glare ... with a still - shakitig hand , get back to business -- vrrrrz -- cut through the sternum -- orange blood spraying -- and ... shunk ! Doc look up at Jake , gesture to the carcass : doc senor ? a hand ? ( to dolarhyde ) you too , maricon . the man all grip the chest plate and pull -- a disgusting crack . everyone turn away , scowling , emmett wafting the air : emmett damn ! smell like a dead dog 's ass . meacham emmett . emmett sorry , Father . Doc cover he face with he handkerchief as he explore ... doc Chet wall 's partially collapse ... no familiar organ of any kind ... dolarhyde ' course they be not familiar . just look at this th-- 33. suddenly the alien' arm lash out -- claw SNAP OPEN and pin dolarhyde against the wall ! everyone try to pry the claw from he neck -- but the second Doc withdraw he hand from the alien 's chest , its arm go limp . dolarhyde drop , gasping ... doc spinal reflex . and grins at dolar 's pain . but meacham notice something around dolar 's neck where the alien pin he , like a ring of dust : meacham something on you neck . hold still . meacham sweep a little off dolar 's neck , rub it between thumb and forefinger . the dust glint under the kerosene lamp : meacham ( cont 'd ) I will be damned ... gold . they check the creature 's hand talon : gold flake underneath them , and lot of it . Colorado check its talone foot : nat colorado down here too . ( look to dolar ) this much ore ... could only have come from a digging in a mine . that land on everyone . but most especially ella . who look up to see Jake reading she in this moment . emmett in the alien' eye be a SMALL flashing light . on / off / on / off in time with that beep beep beep . doc gimme my scalpel . in macro cu , doc cut into the eye , wet squishy sound as he pull it from its socket , attach to a stringy optic nerve drip with juice . clamp to the nerve be a metallic orb : -- he take hold of the blink orb . it flare to life , the light coalesc into a 3-d arrow - like hologram . confusion . Doc remove it from the optic nerve and the hologram disappear : dolarhyde where would it go ? the hell would you do ? doc nothing , just pull it off -- he reconnect it to the optic nerve , the hologram reappear : 34 . doc ( cont 'd ) only work when it 's touch the creature . Colorado move closer ... rainbow light flicker across he face ... nat colorado I think ... it 's a compass . look : ( fiddle with tweezers ) no matter how you move it , it point in the same direction . emmett compass point north . that 's west . meacham ( realize ; to Jake ) West 's where 141 come from . on jake . another puzzle piece fall into place . emmett if you be right , what 's it point to ? ella the rest of them . ( then ) be my guess . dolarhyde then that 's where I be goin' . he snap he pistol open , load bullet : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) one of my rancher say my herd disappear into the sky . ' til about ten minute ago , I figure he for a liar . ( snap barrel close ) nobody take my cattle . meacham you b be take too . a flash of something from dolarhyde -- could that be emotion ? but just as fast , it 's gone . almost a throwaway : dolarhyde I notice . nat colorado what if they be already dead ? emmett they be not dead . 35 . ella kid 's right . if all they want be to kill we , they would have . dolarhyde look to I like ... they be ropin ' people . ( then ) means they need them for something . whatever it be , we can either stand here guessin ' ... or go find out . his eye flash to nat : " c'mon . " and they exit . everyone look at each other , work up the courage to face what they know they must . Doc grab he shotgun , start gather shell : doc if she 's alive -- if there 's even a chance -- meacham Lord hate a coward ... but we bullet be useless against that thing . other than he wrist gizmo , we be outgun and outnumber . as one by one , they turn ... to jake . who until this point have be mostly silent . observe . but now -- he 's go from enemy to potential savior in a heartbeat . jake whoa , I get nothing to do with this -- ella you get everything to do with it . if you can remember where you get that thing -- jake I remember you all wantin ' I on the end of a damned rope . whatever 's happenin ' here 's get nothin ' to do with I . ella you sure . about that ? he look at she . no , he be not . but he sure as hell will not stay to debate it -- turn to go -- emmett Mr. lonergan ? Sir ? the emotion in the boy 's voice stop Jake at the door . emmett ( cont 'd ) my mother die last year . my paw ... he 's all I get . 36 . and despite a fleeting moment of sympathy , Jake darken -- jake kid , I be the last man you want anywhere near you , you pa ... or anyone else in this goddamn town . out the door . everyone trade look , then ella follows : ext . SALOON - night Jake move fast past blow - out storefront as ella pursue : ella that 's it ? you be just gonna run away ? jake no , sister . I be walk away . ella well 's w. as he keep on walk , ella pick up a rock , wing it at the back of he head -- whami Jake stumble forward , turn around -- jake ella sonova -- -- I tell you to gyp . ella stride forward , pick up another rock on the move -- jake what 's you damn problem ?! ella you be comin ' with we . jake I be not come anywhere . and you throw that rock I swear I will -- wham ! the rock glance off he shoulder -- ella if you be walkin ' away from here , what the hell be you walk tsq ? that penetrate as Jake realize he do not really know . and that 's the last thing he 's gonna admit -- jake what the hell be you walkin ' to , Lady ? ' Cause if I hear right , it sound like suicide to I . -- now it 's she turn to pause . cryptically : 37 . ella I ... just wanna help this people . jake bullshit . you wanna help yourself . saw you face light up the minute you know that thing might lead you to gold . and the fact that he 's busted she get ella 's hackles up -- ella it 's not gold I want , you dumb sonofabitch , it 's what it will buy I . jake and what 's that ? ella remange . whatever that mean , it 's a deep , painful longing in she . she stare at he , dead on : ella ( cont 'd ) and lookin ' at you ? I would bet a silver dollar ... its what you want , too . with that , ella turn and stride off as we hold on jake , face knotted in conflict . as she word resonate . meacham ( v.0 . ) be the Devil come to absolution ... come to drag we town down to hell ... series of shot - as dusk tai .t $. tq . nigitt : though burning ember , emmett help a little girl pull she half - burnt doll from the rubble ... meacham ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) but we town 's not just a buncha building , Brothers and sister -- nossir . we town be fie . good , god- fear soul . pure and hopeful . and the devil can not never take that away ... ella and Doc tend to wounded people in a triage area as ... meacham find he overturn pulpit . determination in he eye , he push it upright : and now we catch up to where meachanl' voice 1s_cqming frum : he 's stand on the pulpit in the rubble , he word a sermon / call - to-arm -- every survivor gathere around : 38 . meacham ( cont 'd ) in time of darkness , God ask that we come together so we may stand and fight . so we be goin ' after we kin . any of you be not able or prepare , no shame in it . head up to Fort huachuca , join up with the garrison there and pray ... Rest of we ride out at sun - up to recover that which we have lose . sunrise : pistol chamber spinnnn -- rifle be cocked -- meacham ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) thy will be do , Lord , and there 's a amen behind it . lo and behold , most of the town survivor be just too damn scared . they form a exodus line , head off toward the fort . dolarhyde , Colorado and he remaining men ( 6 ) load the alien corpse onto the back of a wagon . some of they trade glance -- damn worried about stay . dolarhyde see it : dolarhyde somebody get something to say ? his wither glare keep they from speak up . Doc and meacham climb onto the wagon : meacham ( the alien ) sure we need to bring that thing along ? Doc nod as he twist the forcep in the alien 's eye , the compass hologram flicker to life before they : doc if this arrow point I back to Maria ? yeah -- J be sure . emmett appear lead a pony , a bow and quiver of arrow sling around he back : meacham can not come , emmett , too dangerous . emmett I can protect myself -- shoot , I be the only master bowman in my archery club . won the county tournament by shootin ' a flip nickel at 50 pace . meacham somethin ' tell I this thing do not carry nickel , son . answer 's no . 39 . emmett you want I to ride off with the chickenshit , then double back , be happy to . but let 's just skip that part and get to it , padre . and that 's the truth . meacham sigh , no choice ... finally : meacham go fill you canteen , dammit . he slap the rein and the wagon ride off . emmett grins and mount the pony , then see ... jake riding past . angry eye from ella as she heel she horse and trots off angrily : ella c'mon , happy . but happy remain , tear between they , tail wag and look up at Jake as if to say : please come ? jake oh shut up . suppress guilt , he ride on toward the hill -- as dolarhyde veer he horse in front of Jake , cut he off : dolarhyde I be ridin ' into town to kill you for what you do to my son . you owe I you life , Boy . ( beat ) ride with we , we will call it square . his hand rest on he nickel - plate .38 . eye gleam cruelly . jake you that fast ? dolarhyde fast enou -- -- whoosh : Jake 's hand be already up with he own pistol , have draw before dolarhyde can finish he sentence : jake now you owe I y. q= life . we be square . in a dazzling twirl , Jake slap it back in he holster . Point make , he ride on . dolarhyde , burn mad at have be out - draw , turn to culobai ) U -- speak low : dolarhyde follow he . soon as he 's get he back turn ... kill he . 40 . shit. Colorado hesitates . dolar glare : " do it . " finally Colorado nods acquiescence , move off ... jake -- on the outskirt of town now -- riding past meacham and Doc on the wagon : meacham figure out which way you be head yet ? jake west. saguaro pass . meacham that 's not what I mean . the inference land on Jake . but he 's in no mood . gallop off . meacham watch Jake go ... music rise as we dissolve through : ext . desert plain jake -- riding hard through the desert : a man run from he demon , or maybe toward they ... through plain and pasturage ... until he see the tilt road sign : " saguaro pass . " up ahead , he see debris ... part of a roof , lie break on the ground . piece of a stone chimney . Jake come over a rise ... to reveal : ext . abandoned cabin - day a destroyed log cabin . wall partially torn away . something in Jake be deeply stirred . dismount , tentatively ... walk up to the porch . boot crunch over break window glass as they enter : int . abandoned cabin - continuous light beam stream in . eerie quiet . Jake take it in , haunted . something crunch under he boot -- dried flowers . stick out from a overturned cracked vase . Jake blink , affect -- bend over , touch the vase as : memory flasecut ! fresh flowers in a woman 's hand ... the W b&amp ; from jake' picture . she smile at he -- the woman you should not have . she turn , drop the flower into the vase as we see she 's talk to jake . jake get you something ' else . 41 . clink -- he drop a leather pouch on the table next to the vase . a few gold coin clink out . the woman turn to he , worried : the woman where would you get this ? jake where do you think ? the woman look to the pouch -- pick up one of the coin . torn . Jake move behind she . Close . a intimacy here . the woman you boy ' 11 come after you . on jake . Dark . but determine : jake let them come . she turn to he , they eye hold ... and they kiss . Soft . tender . soulful . but then -- a thundercrack turn they attention to the window : a STORM cloud on the horizon . same kind that consume the town . the cabin start to vibrate like a tuning fork . the pouch slide off the table ... the gold coin spill out and -- back to present - jake reeling . what be this memory ? who the hell be the woman ? something glint in the far wall where the chimney use to be : one of the gold coin embedded in the wood . Jake pull it out of the wall , a thousand question in he eye . sunlight shimmer off it and -- memory flashcut ! the spill coin start sliding across the floor all by themselves , as if magnetically draw to the chimney -- whoosh ! -- sucked right up into it by some vacuum force ! the woman what 's happen ?!!! window explode ! the roof ripped away by some nsane vacuum force as ultraviolet light crash in ! the woman scream and -- ka - chinnng ! a steel collar shoot down from the light , clamping around her neck ! a cable snap out from it and whip upward , pulling her into the light -- she manage to grab a doorknob and dangle upward , choking as -- 42 . a demonic silhouette drop in front of they ! jesus !! Jake draw he pistol and fire ! the demon shriek in rage as spike plume fan out from its huge , elongate skull ... make it look like a silhouetted it qiaï ¿½1 . - L 2 a T EI ! R headdress ! its hideous face come into the light -- a aijie -- as it raise its arm , wear a wrist bracelet that reshape into a blaster -- jake dive away but a searing pulse rip a wicked gash in he side ( now we know how he wake up with it in the desert ) -- the pulse pass through jake and hit the woman square in the C - mr-m . she 's hurled backward into the wall , Jake . cry out : jake Alice ! as he rush to she , she collar unlocks ... and fly at jake , clamping he's pulled into the light , choking , scream -- back to present - jake as he stumble back -- gasping -- touch he neck -- catch he breath . rocked . see " Alice 's " blood stain on the wall . his shaking hand reach out , brushes over it ... jake ( cont 'd ) ( try out the name ) " Alice " ... whoever she be to he , he feel sledgehammered with grief . all he know be , it be they . the creature kill she . and this revelation ... well , it galvanize he with rage . rage that give he new purpose ... then -- suddenly -- instinct -- jake sensing something be here -- grab a chimney stone and spin , hurl it ... at colorado , in the doorway behind he aiming a gun : the stone hit Colorado as he fire , the bullet tear past Jake -- as Colorado recover , Jake bodyslam he -- the gun go fly , they go hurl through the wall -- landing hard on the other side -- aaball - out . messy . close - quarter death match -- Jake take a punch -- Colorado loops a arm around he throat , yank -- they tumble / slam to the floor , Jake landing on top of Colorado who hold the arm lock , choking the life out of he -- 43. Jake -- eye popping -- sees the gun just out of reach -- finger grasp for it -- second before he pass out he grab the gun and swing it back -- blammii ! Colorado roll aside as the wall where he head just be blowsopen -- and Jake 's on he , pistol whipping he mercilesslyuntilhespins the gun back around and point it between Colorado 's eye : on jake -- quaking with rage -- he want to kill this guy so bad he can taste it ... but something 's holding he back -- grit he tooth , cock the trigger and : ext . abandoned cabin - day -- we CUT wide on the cabin as a gunshot crack . a flock of bird screech into the sky from the overgrown corn field ... dissolve to : ext . desert plain - day the rest of we people ride along , follow the ever-tilt holographic arrow , they compass , float from the dead alien 's eye in the back of the wagon . greavey , dolar 's ranch hand , heel up to ella . cocky swagger : greavey so ... what 's a pretty lady like y-- ella -- you finish that sentence , I shoot you in you beef whistle . Doc , sip from he canteen , do a spit take . ella 's eye drill greavey . cut down a peg , he tip he hat , red -face : greavey ma'am . and ride past she , take we to emmett and dolarhyde : dolarhyde tell I something ' , kid ... why do not you father just take my money ? emmett ( confuse ) what money ? uolarhy do offer he a thousand dollar to leave town . he could 's take you outta harm 's way , relocate ... find you a new momma . and this just burn emmett . a beat ; then : 44 . emmett be it true percy 's momma die givin ' birth to he , mister dolarhyde ? something flash in dolarhyde . but he 's contain : dolarhyde yeah . emmett then maybe you should use that thousand dollar to buy yourself a new wife . emmett hold he look against dolarhyde 's . brave and unflinching . Doc can not help but grin at the kid 's moxie ... but it 's short - live as he face suddenly fall : doc madre dios ... and we pan around , drop over he shoulder to see what he 's reacting to -- a enormous crater . acre wide ... twenty feet deep . even dolarhyde look nervous now : dolaryhyde what the ... hell be it ? meacham it be winfield 's landing . they turn to see meacham , brush the dust off a wooden sign : hold it up . " winfield 's landing ... population 133 . " on greavey and the men . shit . he do not mean ...? greavey you tryin ' to tell I that ... thing pull the whole damn town into the sky ? and suddenly a weird crack shake the canyon -- like the SOUND barrier breaking -- everyone 's look go up where : swirling , dark cloud loom . the same cloud that drop the tornado on absolution . and that appear in Jake 's memories at the cabin . but this time , something 's shot out from they -- meacham that can not be good . the plummete object hit a distant dune , kick up a sand plume -- rolling toward they -- dolarhyde scatter . 45 . -- everyone run they horse aside as the object bounce over rock -- then slow ... to a stop . they stare . finally dolarhyde kick he horse forward slowly ... dismount , draw he gun . what he see be shocking : it 's a oval capsule of blue goo , the outer layer some kind of translucent cocoon . suspend within the murky jell - of be a GE , dec shape . motionless . uh -oh . the other draw gun too , converge around it in equal SHOCK and fear . but the thing do not move . doc should we ... open it ? dolarhyde should we open it ? Hell no we shouldn -- emmett -- oop -- -- and now we find emmett 's already poking it with a stick , a small tear in the cocoon 's outer embryonic layer -- goo leak -- then it ruptures , exploding as the horse rear away , whinnying the goo spread across the desert floor , thinning out . beat . everyone wipe blue shit off they clothes as they come face -to-face with the object inside , lie there on the ground : a cow . yes , a cow . motionless . dead , in fact . a metal tube jamme in its mouth , connect to a valve in the now - flaccid bubble 's outer shell . greavey notice a branding on the cow 's rump -- the letter " D " : greavey boss ... it 's one 'a yours . dolarhyde 's eye narrow . emmett look at Doc , scare : emmett be -- be this what happen to my pa ? Doc dismount . move to the cow 's mouth and pull out that tube with a wet squishing sound . think it through : doc this be stick down its throat ... to help it breathe . that mean they want to keep it alive , emmett . ( force a small smile ) I be sure you father be fine . but Doc 's eye be not sure . meacham look back to the sky : 46 . meacham why would they dump it ? ella whatever they need from it , they must have get . ( then ) gonna get dark soon , need to keep move . she do . the other follow in a chill daze . the last be dolarhyde , glance back at he dead cow with angry eye ... dissolve to : ext . ridge above valley - dusk now we people appear riding up a ridge ... dolarhyde shoot up a hand , bring the caravan to a stop . once again , SHOCK : emmett Ho -ly shit . boom up to reveal a surreal sight in the valley below : agambling riverboat . nose bury in the sand , paddlewheel face the sky , as if it would be drop from the cloud into the desert . just like that cow . off they look -- ext . desert - the paddleboat - minute later tracking alongside of the tilted paddleboat , we team ride around it . try to make sense . stenciled on the stern be ... doc " Colorado Queen . " ( then ) the river 's two hundred mile from here . but ella do not seem as impressed as the rest of they . in fact , she attention be draw behind they , to something come up over the dune ... the barest flicker of a smile -- ella Son of a bitch . it's jake on horseback . follow by another horse , with colorado in the saddle . wrist tie but alive . as Jake ride to a stop , he push Colorado off the horse -- the indian hit the ground with a thud as Jake level dolarhyde with hard eye : jake you man get it in he head that he be s'pose to kill I . I be hold onto he ear ' till he say sorry . 47 . as Colorado stumble to he foot angrily , humiliate , dolar notice he bloody ear . the lobe have be shot off . he look up at Jake , half - angry , half - embarrassed -- dolarhyde why would you let he live ? Jake 's hard - as-nail . driven now -- jake gonna need he . he ride past dolar to ella . stop . say , simply : jake ( cont 'd ) Nice boat . ( then ... sniff ) what 's that smell ? ella that would be I . he realize she shirt 's cake in the blue goo from the cow . jake why be you blue ? ella ( dryly ) Cause I miss ya . they look hold . a moment . something real between they . dolarhyde we better keep movin' . a thundercrack . on the horizon , sheet of rain . jake Storm 's comin ' . I say we dig in here till it pass . ( to Colorado ; fuck with he ) how 's that sound , nat ? nat burn . dolar feel he authority be undermine : dolarhyde Storm or no storm , I say we keep movin' . Colorado finally turn to uolarhyde . defiant : nat colorado too hard tracking anything in the rain . 48 . dolarhyde glare at Colorado , who glare back : he loyalty now in question . the tide be turn against the rancher . ext . upended riverboat - night - later rain pour on the overturn boat . horse tethere . the alien corpse have be move onto a slant deck , cover by a tarp ... we tilt to the alien' hand . poke out . motionless . hold on it , longer than we be comfortable . int . upended riverboat - later that night a rattlesnake be coiled around a chandelier ... except the chandelier be on the floor and the floor be the ceiling . upended gambling table . woodrat scurry over food . every window 's smashed ... as if something just take everyone . dolar sit by a FIRE make from furniture part , drink from a whiskey flask . Colorado opposite , rub he mangle ear . dolarhyde you okay ? colorado ( low , eye avert ) yeah . dolar pour some whiskey on a bandana , lean towards Colorado -- dolarhyde colorado lemme clean it for you or it will get -- -- I be fine . dolarhyde back away . Colorado glare . dolarhyde say it . colorado ( after a beat ) be percy worth dyin ' for ? dolar 's eye flash . a mixture of anger and pain . then -- dolarhyde he 's my son . ( pointed ) I take care of my kin , nat . on colorado as that land . clearly , there 's something here ... a bond that seem to go deeper than just boss and employee . but what ? finally nat just get up and leave . dolar watch he go , take a healthy swig . hear a whimper . look over and see ... emmett , huddle in a corner . crying . 49 . on dolarhyde . the kid 's naked emotion affecting he , but the fact dolar might have a conscience make he angry too . low : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) hey . kid . emmett look up , sniffle . dolar toss he the whiskey flask : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) take a drink and shut P. he get up , walk off . leave the kid with the flask . as emmett look at it confusedly , stuff it in he pocket -- int . upended riverboat - kitchen - continuous meacham have set out tin pan under hole to collect rain water . dump a pan into he canteen as Doc enter with coffee for he : doc ( be : the tin plate ) we bring enough water . meacham not for drinkin ' , it 's for blessin' . Doc nod : ah. turn to go ... stop . turn back . intense eye : doc padre ... Maria come to see you in confession every Sunday . it seem ... she have a lot to talk about . ( beat , this be hard ) be she have a affair ? meacham remove he spectacle . look at Doc -- meacham you know I can not say . and Doc doe know . but there 's a quiet desperation here -- doc the last thing I say to she ... I ... ( shake he head ; then ) please . if I be wrong about my wife ... I do not want to die angry . meacham see the pain in he friend 's eye . meacham you can ask Maria if she be cheatin ' on you once we get she back . ' til then ? ( bit of a grin ) do not die . 50 . and off doc , thunder crack -- int . riverboat - commodore's quarter - night rain pour down through a open gash in the roof , splash the floor . ella enter , glance back toward the door to make sure she 's alone , then pull off she shirt and fold it over a stool . Upper body naked in the moonlight . we catch only a flash of this , and for a moment it 's pure hotness ... . until she turn and something else be reveal : criss - cross lash mark on she back . she turn away and start to splash herself with water , erase the blue goo and dirt from she skin and face ... then : a match ignites behind she . she whirl , startle , cover she breast with she arm -- jake be sit in a chair at the commodore 's desk , casually lighting a cheroot in he mouth : jake you miss a spot . ella the hell , - be - you do here ? jake mindin ' my own business . ( snap out the match ) then you decide to take a shower . ella why do not you say anything ? jake givin ' you privacy . she throw she shirt on , but she skin' wet and the shirt glue to she , celebrate she shape in a way that can not be ignore . Jake toss she he jacket . as she slip it on , she notice a bottle of whiskey on the table ... and the photograph of alice . ella . she 's pretty . ( Jake say nothing ) who be she ? Jake 's quiet . dark . intense emotion , intensely suppress : jake only thing I know 's she name be Alice ... ( then ; distant ) and she 's dead . ella look up at he . into he -- 51 . ella maybe you love she . Jake shake he head , sort of mumble / chuckle in resistance : jake all you woman be the same -- always wanna make it about goddamn " love . " ella ( a beat ) trust I , lonergan . I be not the same . there be a force -- a strength about this woman -- that he connect with . but remain , true to character , aloof : jake do not matter . she take a step closer . soft. intimate . ella so what dj= matter ? Jake just look at she . then , lift the cheroot to he lip , the flare of its tip casting he in a demonic light ... jake what matter be I find the thing that kill she . ( dark as hell ) and make it pay . and now , he lean forward with a focus look ... hold up he bracelet : jake ( cont 'd ) where would you see this before ? a beat . ella -- somehow contained -- open she mouth to lie . but he cut she off -- jake ( cont 'd ) -- and do not lie to I . you would not have ask I if you do not recognize it . ella tighten . pain in she eye . and Jake realize : jake ( cont 'd ) that thing ... they the one who put that mark on you back ? she swallow : a mixture of shame that he 's find she out ... and anger at what be do to she . 52 . ella they take my people . destroy where I be from . jake where 's that ? ella North of here . be trackin ' them ever since , town to town . best I figure , they be hidin ' in a mine . Jake consider all this . soften a little : jake maybe if you would tell I the truth instead of throwin ' rock at I -- ella -- what , you would have stick around ? bullshit . I could not have turn you away from what you have to do , any more than I could have stop this people from go after they kin . ( beat ) Truth be not worth a damn , Jake ... and we be gonna need all the gun we can get . they look hold ... until Jake smirk . like she style : jake so that 's the only reason you want I to come with you ? Cause of my gun ? there 's a pause ... then ella smirk back : ella no , not you gun . ( beat ) what you do with it . among the many thing this two eat feel -- both separately and together -- the one that pop right now be attraction . confuse as it be for he . the pregnant moment linger ... until happy suddenly start to growwwwl , sense something outside . another crack of thunder as : int . stateroom - continuous the horse stamp nervously out the window as greavey and the rest of dolarhyde 's man ( cobbett and 4 other ) huddle in secret conference -- whisper that sound a lot like mutiny -- 53. greavey what the hell be we doin ' here ? we should be ridin ' in the opposite direction of that thing -- cobbett we do that , the old man 's likely to shoot we himself . only way outta this be -- and suddenly . greavey sniff the air , frowns : greavey . what 's that smell ? -- as they turn to the deck where the creature lay ... all they find be a empty tarp flapping aimlessly : cobbett aw sh -- lightning flash , illuminate the ship -- and als4 the alien behind they . a coiled mass cling spiderlike to the ceiling !!! its arm whip out , noose around cobbett -- lift he off he foot -- slam he into the ceiling -- toss he like a ragdoll : the man shout -- a pair of razor sharp canine extrude from the alien then it spring -- slicing through two men at once -- greavey and 2 other manage to scramble away : int . riverboat - various - continuous jake and ella hear the scream -- happy take off -- they race after he -- doc and meacham hear they too -- grab they pistol -- and Doc , he canteen -- dqirh . 9owq n Colorado snatch up a winchester , load it , throw another one to dolar -- who 's suddenly , surprisingly , protective of emmett : dolarhyde get behind I , Boy -- the alien spring into the room -- landing upside down on the ceiling . dolar fire at it -- dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) run , kid ! git ! emmett scramble down a floor hatch , disappear as dolar keep firing -- but the alien bat the gun away and lift dolar up -- 54 . paralyze with fear , he exhales a terrify gasp and -- the creature recoil from he breath ! hurl dolar aside -- through the FIRE -- ember catch curtain and flame spread -- colorado race in , throw a tomahawk -- it pin the alien 's claw to the wall , the monster shriek as nat draw a pistol but -- the alien spit a sticky resin gob -- it harden , pin nat be hand with the pistol to the wall in return . he struggle as the alien advance -- boom ! the alien 's shoulder explode orange fluorescent blood as a gunshot ring out -- it 's dolarhyde , back on he foot aid firing -- the monster screech and leap down , disappearing through the hatch where emmett fle -- dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) goddammitt !!! and the fire 's growing around the boat -- int . crawlspace - continuous emmett move fast on hand - and -knee through a narrow crawlspace -- around a corner here -- another there -- a maze -- somewhere behind he -- the alien -- crawling fast -- emmett -- reach another hatch -- push through and out : int . riverboat ballroom - continuous -- dropping onto the floor -- as we whip to Jake racing in from around a corner -- but suddenly : the alien burst from the hatch behind emmett , sweeping he up in its clutch : Jake 's bracelet open up into that blaster and it 's aimed at the alien but the creature cup a hand around emmett and lift he off the floor , a taloned finger press to the boy 's throat : standoff . ella rush in . the creature see she -- hiss -- jake do not know if you understand I ... but you hurt that boy and I hurt you . close , emmett -- muffled , tear leaking from he terrified eye : meacham ( o.s. ) i= . rack focus to revealmeacham behind the alien : 55 . meacham ( cont 'd ) by the spirit of the lord , go back to hell , demon ! meacham bring he canteen down like a hatchet , spraying the alien with holy water ... but nothing happen ! and then -- the alien strike -- slamming meacham back into a jutting piece of iron , impaling he -- meacham ( cont 'd ) ! ! ! the alien spring through a doorway , taking emmett with it . ella rush after it as Jake run to meacham , hang impale : jake easy , now ... do not move , dammit -- ( turn ; shout ) doc -- get in here now ! meacham go after the boy ... then you get we people back ... jake stop talk . dqw ! get you ass -- but meacham grab Jake , eye to eye . gasping : meacham listen up ... ' cause I be not gonna be able to say it again -- ( pull Jake close ) God do not care who you be , Son ... only who you mg. on jake . affected . with a last rasp , meacham die just as doc race through the grow flame -- react -- no time to mourn -- doc jake -- we gotta go m! but Jake can not let go -- FURY -- heartbreak -- Doc pull he away -- Jake snag the crucifix off meacham 's neck as he 's force out , leave meacham 's body to be consumed by flame -- ext . upended riverboat - desert - night the boat be a ball of FIRE in the pour rain , as what remain of we heroes stumble out , coughing , devastate ... Jake , Doc , dolarhyde , Colorado , greavey , 2 gunmen ... and ella and happy atop a dune , follow a trail of fluorescent orange blood streaking into the desert . happy barking madly . ella drop to a knee , touch the orange blood as it washes away in the rain : 56 . ella rain' gonna cover its track ! nat colorado that thing ... be dead ... it be d-ead ... dolarhyde , rain pour down he face ... vulnerable and guilty : dolarhyde I could not stop it -- it just ... grab the kid . on jake . rage - fill against the flame ... meacham 's crucifix in he hare , as he fist close around it . look up , hardcore : jake then we would better get he back . smash to : int . stalactite cavern - night stalactite loom from the ceiling -- bam ! emmett be dropped on the floor of a sinister cave -- scramble back from the alien : emmett damn . you be one ugly bastar -- psst ! the alien spit a resin gob on emmett 's mouth -- psst psst ! more gob pin he limb to the wall . emmett can not move -- can not speak -- eye wide and terrified -- the creature look down at a armor plate on its bicep . touches a series of key and the armor spit out what look like ... .. a small rubik' cube make of some alien alloy . the creature casually toss it in the air where it float and start to spin -- as it do , its side flip and turn ( like a rubik 's cube ) -- emit high - pitched sonar beeps : this thing 's some kind of homing beacon . off emmett 's wide , gaping eye ... ext . desert plain - sunrise we people ride fast against the rise sun , on the hunt for emmett . Colorado rear he horse , kneel by a trace of orange blood on some rock . nat colorado ( look off --) West . greavey and the other share a look . E of turn to dolar -- 57 . greavey boss , only take one of they thing to kill four of we . we get no chance here . dolarhyde burn -- know he 's be abandoned -- dolarhyde you be a goddamn coward . ( to the other ) you work for I , dammit . you be my m e 1 1 qyee . and greavey , finally free to speak he mind , say spitefully : greavey Fine line between a coward and a fool . the man turn tail and ride away . dolarhyde shout after they -- dolarhyde you be all fire ! Doc take the opportunity to twist the knife : doc look like they finally find something to be more scared of than you . dolarhyde feel he world crumbling away man by man ... ella trot alongside Jake , who 's stare at that dark cloud Mass overhead with a bad feel : jake Cloud have be move east since sun - up ... ' cept that one . on ella . we sense she know something , something more she be not say . snap she rein and they ride off : int . BOX canyon - continuous as the group gallop into a BOX canyon , happy start barking madly -- the horse slow -- ella something be wron -- blamblan1111 gunshot from above suddenly pepper the ground -- the horse rear and kick up , startle -- a dozen figure on the cliff all around they . badass outlaw with rifle aim at we heroes . one of they call down : 58 . outlaw gunman everybody draw you gun slow and toss ' em on the goddamned groundi shit . slowly , Jake draw he gun ... toss it . now the rest of they . as they see -- two rider -- income -- from the other end of the canyon . rifles aim and ready . happy growls ... one of the outlaw knock back the hammer on he rifle -- outlaw I say we just shoot them and take they -- but the word catch in he throat as he eye widen : outlaw ( cont 'd ) . boss ? sure enough , they be look right at ( bronc - jake . both outlaw and hunt ) lower they gun , hostility replace by surprise : hunt what the hell you doin ' back here , lonergan ? oh , Christ . this be jake be gang . on dolarhyde . ella . colorado . all register it . and jake , of course , do not remember this man as bronc dismount , nervous : bronc Jesus , boss ... Creek 's gonna shit when he see you . ( then ; be : the other ) and who the hell be they ? on jake . now do he handle this ? ht ent ride up next to he , suspicious , and for reason yet to be know , unfriendly -- hunt what 's the matter , Jake . cat get you --? smacki Jake move lightning fast , slap hunt across the face , stop the question on he tongue -- catch the gun as it drop and press the barrel into hunt 's neck : jake since when're qy the one ask the goddamn question !?! ella and we people react as Jake play it up , beat defense a good offense . the outlaw be scare : this be the lonergan they know . hunt hold he bloody mouth : 59 . hunt Christ , Jake ... you break my tooth jake quit whining . now bring I to the rest of the boy , if that meet with you goddamn approval . bronc and hunt nod , mount up , shout to the outlaw above : bronc lonergan' back . meet US at the camp ! as they ride off , dolarhyde look to Jake and mutter : dolarhyde Nice company you keep . ella what the hell be you do ? if we do not catch up to that kid , we be never gonna -- jake they call I " boss . " you wanna go after this thing with five or fifty ? ( off she look ) like you say : we can use every gun we can get . qh. that actually make sense . but -- ella what exactly be you gonna say to them ? jake ( a beat ) tell you when I figure it out . and he spur onward , leave she to follow uneasily -- int . stalactite cavern - day close -- rubik' cube -- still spinning mid - AIR as : our alien hang upside down from stalactite by four spindly limb . mid sleep cycle . and inch below its head ... emmett , still webbed to the wall . unable to move or speak , terrified . as suddenly ... the cube deactivate . and drop -- the creature's eye SNAP OPEN . it spring from the ceiling as four dark shape blot out light , glide in ... mantra ray hover speeder 60 . a gang of four more alien dismount . the biggest and strongest -- they leader -- bark guttural click at the alien who kidnap emmett . kidnapper explain as it remove another strange device . the device beam a holo -projection ... of ella' face ! the alien hiss in furious recognition . jesus ... be this some kind of otherworldly wanted poster ? plume fan out angrily from the leader 's huge , elongated skull -- like a indian headdress ! the creature turn to emmett -- it 's the alien who kill Jake 's woman ! we will come to know it as ... the slaver . it move ominously for emmett , grasp the handle of something that uncoil with fluid , frightening speed : a white - hot laser whip . this will be the slaver 's signature weapon . it spiral to its full length , flashing out at -- emmett -- muffled scream ! but ... the whip doesn 't cut he , instead it slice through the webbing that pin the boy to the wall . as emmett fall , the slaver sweep he up -- emmett flail , punch , kick to no avail -- but then : dolarhyde's flask tumble from emmett 's pocket and splashes whiskey on the slaver -- it .. s[ iriem wildli - aa the booze contact flesh , skin smoking ! emmett -- tumble away . terror turn to revelation as he pull the webbing from he mouth : emmett Holy shit . another alien lunge for the kid but emmett splashes he with the flask -- the alien recoil , flesh bubbling -- emmett whirl -- see the hoverbike -- jump onto one , twist desperately at the control --- iion -do , ï¿½ 't this turn , __ wo ?!! another alien scuttle in fast -- emmett 's scramble boot slide into the foot support , which automatically whir close as the bike throttles forward ... decapitating the alien ! the bike spin uncontrollably , plasma thruster scorching wall and set two more alien ablaze ! the speeder kamikaze bounce out of the cavern at 90 mph , emmett scream ! the slaver screech furiously as the remain creature leap back on they speeder and give chase ! ext . gang encampment - day a tarantula 61 . climb onto a old desert stump -- blam ! it 's shot off by a couple drunk outlaw , swigging booze from stolen whiskey crate pile on a wagon . we be in a outlaw camp : roughly 40 fast gun and saddle tramp . tents. horse . ample weapon . and right now , most of they be gearing up to ride out for some reason ... one of they , creek johnson , with a chew up face like swiss cheese , slide a rifle into he saddle and shout to the drunk : creek johnson hey --- ush 4 Lay off that whiskey and saddle up . Flyer 's on its way and we best damn be sober for it . hunt ( o.s. ) Creek turn ; see hunt and bronc crest the hill with the other outlaw from the cliff . angrily : creek johnson ' Bout time you get back . ( be : hunt 's bloody nose ) what the hell happen to you ?!? hunt nod over he shoulder -- hunt he do . the outlaw part to reveal jake , riding in with ella and the rest of we people . Creek 's eye narrow , not happy to see he : creek johnson well , shit . it get very , very quiet . we people tread warily , know whatever reaction Jake 's elicite , it ain't good . he run the gaunt of accusing glare . smart enough to know that creek be the man in charge . dismount : jake you do not look happy to see I , Creek . Creek eye he . tough . clearly , history here : creek johnson we be fixin ' to rob we a train in about twenty minute and you come ridin ' in like nothin ' ever happen ? ( fuck you ) no. lonergan . I be not happy to see you . on jake . how to navigate bad blood that he do not remember ? 62 . jake well I be sure you will get over it . then , pretty much dismissing Creek , Jake turn , address the rest of the man . if he 's they boss ? hï¿½ _g qdn&amp ; . ct lir .ï¿½ T â¢ jake ( cont 'd ) Nice to see you , boy , but we be not go after a train -- we be go after something else . the man seem ... . confuse . not sure what the hell be go on . bronc but Jake ... you -- you say you do not wanna be in charge no more . and this be a revelation . Jake glance at ella -- have to keep improvising to hold he ground : jake well , I - - change my mind . so saddle the hell up . creek johnson they be not go anywhere with you . Creek 's hear enough . stride forward , a direct challenge : creek johnson ( cont 'd ) you get some ball on you -- walkin ' outta here a week ago sayin ' what you say and doin ' what you do and then ridin ' back in here and givin order . just who the hell do you think you be ? the irony of the question be not lose on Jake , as Creek walk right up to ella . close . violate she space : study she with a mixture of curiosity and contempt . creek johnson ( cont 'd ) so . be you she ? ella be I who ? creek johnson the whore Jake quit this gang for . oh . another piece of the puzzle fall into place -- Jake 's eye SNAP to ella as they both realize ... the man think she 's " e . " Jake do he best to stay cool , meet Creek 's stare : jake watch you mouth , Creek . 63. creek johnson or what ? this boy be with = now . jid in charge . you may be fast , but you be goddamn outgun . on jake . our heroe . shit . Jake turn to the man -- jake that a fact , boy ? but Creek do not wait for they to respond : creek johnson put you gun on the whore . he so much as twitches , blow she brain out she ear . at once , 10 gun be levele at ella' head . no doubt as to who the man be loyal to . but Jake lock into Creek , unflinching : jake call she a whore again , that will be the last word you ever say . creek johnson you be not in no position to make threat , asshole . hunt : take he gun . hunt reluctantly scramble over to Jake , oh-so - carefully pull the pistol from Jake 's holster : hunt sorry , boss ... nothin ' personal . Creek now turn to bull mccade , roughly the size of a barn . creek johnson put he down , bull . and Jake barely have time to react as bull let fly with a jawbreaking haymaker that about knock Jake out of he bootsi dolarhyde and Colorado wince as Jake hit the dirt with a thud -- Creek stride over , cock of the walk , leans over he : creek johnson ( cont 'd ) where the hell 's we gold . Jake ? " gold ? " Jake spit blood , defiant : jake do not remember . Creek nods to bull : smash ! another devastating blow . on ella -- at gunpoint . wish she could intervene . doc too . 64 . creek johnson well I _og remember you tellin ' we you be leavin ' we high and dry because you be in love ... you just leave out the part about take half we goddamn haul from the yuma Bank . so I be gonna ask you one last time -- where . is. our. gold ? -- wham ! bull punch Jake so hard he fly off he feet : creek johnson ( cont 'd ) man can not run away from who he ja , lonergan ... you really think you could go straight just cause you be fool enough to fall in love with some woman ? wham ! bull punch Jake back into oblivion , and on the hit we : memory flasecuti peaceful silence -- two face stare at each other across a pillow -- Jake and alice , naked , in a whorehouse bedroom somewhere : alice you sure you wanna give it all up ? on jake . clearly torn . but just as clearly , in love . jake what about you ? once we be go , you be not ever comin ' back . she touch he face so gently . and whisper : alice you be the first person ever believe I be better than this place ... so I gotta believe in y= . ( and she kiss he ) you be a good man , Jake lonergan . present : as the word " good man " echo back to Jake . stir=g_ ] 1 â1n as Creek grab Jake 's hair and yank back , rear up a fist : creek johnson you figgered you could steal from we ? all that gold be yours to take co you could go off and start a new life ? Creek 's next punch take we to another : tory flasecuti replay -- Jake and Alice in the cabin -- he drop the saddlebag -- it clink to the floor . she 's worried : alice you boy ' ii come after you . 65 . jake ( dark , determine ) let them come . back to present -- as now Jake understand the context of this moment -- what they be say to each other -- he look up at Creek , beaten and busted up : jake ( cont 'd ) okay ... okay , I remember now ... ( " fuck you " grin ) demon steal you gold , Creek . but when you get to hell , you can ask for it back . creek johnson ( tsk be ) okay then . that 's the way you wanna do this ... ( turn ) kill the whore . on the gang . as they all cock they gun -- aim at ella -- this be it -- jake -- slowly lift he head , suddenly rage - filled as -- he wrist bracelet activate ! blammmm11 ! a searing pulse blast fire , vaporizing creek just before he pull the trigger ! everyone's face . Holy shit . Jake spit on the around between the smoking boot that formerly belong to Creek : jake told you not to call she that . on jake . pure killer . as he turn he weapon on the rest of the ( awestruck ) gang -- through bloody teeth : jake ( cont 'd ) you be all riding with I . any one of you decide otherwise ? so help I God , I will kill you where you stand . ( and then ) I be j2acj&amp ; and i'm in goddamne . d the gang quickly flip : " absolutely , Jake / whatever you say , boss ... " Jake turn to the speechless bull mccade and kick he in the ball as hard as he can , double he over . now he meet eye with ella . she can not help smirking , grateful . doc . be the only one not look at Jake . his attention draw toward a SOUND come from the distant dune -- doc dios mio . 66 . a speeder be roaring toward they bouncing over desert : dolarhyde ( squint , realize ... ) Jesus ... it 's the kid . as emmett roar in , the shocked outlaw scatter : emmett they 're coming !!!! they 're coming !!! the kid tumble off the speeder as it plows right through camp , kick up dirt and upending supplies . as emmett scramble up -- vrooom ! four more speeder roar over the crest in pursuit of emmett ! the alien from the cave ! jake everybody moooove !!! steel collar start flying , attached to roping cable -- before the gang know what' happening , they 're be grabbed and dragge away ! that who have they wit about they FIRE back , try to hit the fly machine . crossfire . confusion . the slaver his speeder growls to a halt . dismount like a killer biker . on jake . as he sees that horrible alien face across the crowd : quick bit : Alice die in he arm . and this same damn thing be the one responsible for it . and we be : back to present . Jake 's eye locked on the slaver as he say : jake ( cont 'd ) you . but the action come roaring back as : outlaw start firing at the slaver , who react in mere annoyance . flick open a pouch on he bandolier for what look like thumb tack -- throw they and they tan out , piercing the neck of the outlaw , activate " Blue " : ! ntly E ze . tur a the slaver draw a rol ) that telescope into a six foot lance -- ka-tching ! barbed end snap out and the alien run on two limb , then four -- leopard - like for speed -- rise back up and smash ! shatter each man into a million piece . now he use the blade - end to skewer five more outlaw and turn -- 67 . meeting jake' eye in mutual recognition -- screech : jake ( cont 'd ) ( to dolarhyde ) find cover !!! Jake fire he pulse blaster , provide cover as dolar , doc , emmett , and ella rush to hide behind the wagon . the alien FIRE back as laser crossfire shred the camp -- explosion and chaos : three outlaw scramble to form a gatling crew . it spin to life , mowing down tent as they try to hit the alien -- another alien hurl a boomerang - like " smart weapon . " it circle past the gatling cowboys , back into the alien 's hand as : the top halve ofthe_cowboys slide off , severe at the waist , '. a explosion blow one of whiskey crate open on the wagon : emmett use the whiskey ! it burn em ! ella -- what ?! emmett like acid on there skin !!! ella react -- what ? as a alien skitter toward she , she grab a bottle and hurl it -- it explode all over the creature ! a horrible screech as its skin smoke , thrashing epileptically -- ella ( revelation ) oh my GOD -- dolarhyde let' go !!! we people escape for the horse . Doc climb up on the wagon buckboard and pull emmett in the seat beside he -- as ella leap on a horse -- the slaver climb back on he speeder and gun for her , fire a steel collar -- Jake turn -- sees this . start running madly : jake ella !! 68 . too late : ka-chank ! the collar clamp she neck , ripping ella off her horse ! the cable snap back and attaches to the hovercraft as it zip by , dragging ella backward like a water skier behind a speedboat ! on jake -- FURY -- he bracelet activate ! and there 's a logic here we will come to realize , as he kick he horse into a gallop : jake ( cont 'd ) hyaa ! ext . desert - continuous ella' dragge behind the speeder . hand grasping at the magnetic collar as it half - choke her , yet keep she upper body suspended just oft the ground while she heel bounce harshly -- jake on the horse Riding hard -- aim he blaster , try to get a target on the cable link ella 's collar to the speeder -- fire -- miss ! the slaver tilt vertical to fly through a narrow canyon entrance as ella 's finger reach wildly for the bowie knife on she belt . she start cutting the cable , try to free herself : whoosh ! the speeder blast out the other side of the canyon , Jake still in pursuit but suddenly ... the union pacific locomotive be curving around a corner , racing right for they ! this be the train Jake 's gang be gonna rob ! int . union pacific express car - continuous two pinkerton sit by a safe . look up at a unidentified roar -- pinkerton # 1 you hear.that ? pinkerton # 2 how many time I gotta tell you , Leonard . no one would be stupid enough to rob this tr -- swwwwwm . in the window behind they ... the speeder blast by . go against the train , ella bouncing behind it . when the pinkerton SNAP around , ella 's gone ... but now they see jake -- on horseback -- flashing past in pursuit ! pinkerton # 2 ( cont 'd ) 1 stand correct . they draw gun , run to see what 's happen and -- 69 . ext . union pacific train - kid AIR at 80 mph - continuous as the speeder skim alongside the train , ella keep struggle painfully to CUT her collar cable . Jake fire again , miss the cable but detonate the side of a train car : int . union pacific - train car - continuous the wall explode inward on the pinkerton -- hurt , but alive -- ext . union pacific train - continuous the speeder 's shaken . the slaver growls as he fight for balance . reaches the train be end , skim past the caboose and -- damnit . the slaver arc back around in a wide u-turn , slotting in for cover behind the other side of the tmin tuq,=_it1.2avfing , .j the same direction now ! ella' flung wildly by the hairpin turn ! she drop the knife , it clatter away ! her only means of escape gone ! jake' Pov : through a slot between boxcar , the speeder blur in the opposite direction . up ahead come the caboose . no more train : think fast , Jake leap off he horse -- catch a ladder rung on the caboose ' . teeth gritt , start to climb up onto : ext . top of union pacific train car - continuous Jake jump from car to car -- over log in a tender car -- blam blam !!! the pinkerton be climb to the roof , weapon firing -- Jake lose foot , rolling off the side -- ext . side of train - continuous -- but catch another ladder rung and he dangle , look down : ella be right under he , dragging behind the speeder ! he reach out -- jake take my hand ! she grunt with exertion as they finger graze each other and the slaver snap around . hurl a smart disc at Jake -- no choice , he lets go of the ladder -- hit the ground painfully the pinkerton rush to the roof edge -- sxlsklish ! the disc vivisect they then circle back around , cut the iron strap that secure the log in the tender car -- 70 . the log start rolling off the top . crashing down on the speeder . it spiral end -over - end , crashing into the desert ! on jake . he pick himself up , wincing . see the smoking wreck in the distance . start to limp , then run -- ext . crashed speeder - continuous Jake appear through the smoke . no sign of the slaver . then -- falling rock turn he look upward . though wounded , the alien be scaling a rock -face . turn ... a look that say " next time . " then in a blur , it 's gone . Jake 's blaster revert into a bracelet . when the smoke clear : ella be reveal on the ground , throw from the speeder . Jake react -- eq -- take she in he arm . she desperately try to say something ... but go limp . jake ella ...? her head just fall back . yeah . hard to swallow , but it 's true . ella' dead . and if this moment echoes Jake hold he dead wife , well that 's just fine . he stare beseechingly as ... hoofbeat . the rest of we people gallop in : Colorado , dolarhyde , Doc and emmett in the wagon : emmett aw no ... be she --? Jake look up -- unhinge -- nat colorado we need to get out of here not . jake nat colorado not gonna leave she here -- l4re . xam -- -- i'm not leavin ' her ! -- this be Apache territory ! they catch we , they will kill u- - thhhhhhhunki the air scream as a arrow pierce the ground inch from Jake 's hand ! suddenly thirty more -- all around they -- form a instant circle perimeter as -- apache warrior flash downhill . dolar dismount , swing emmett to the ground -- nat colorado ( cont 'd ) nobody move . Jake and emmett freeze . the apaches be all around they . fierce . bow and tomahawks draw -- off this : 71 . ext . arizona mountain - twilight the sun dip behind the mountain ... night fall ... int . teepee - night close on ella' dead face . still . beautiful . find jake , on he knee beside she , hand bound in front of he . a indian woman finish wrapping the body in a shroud and leave . Jake be alone . overwhelm . Raw . something rise in he . something he couldn't face ... until this moment : . jake I remember now . ( then ; softly ) I -- I do love she . and just say it , say that word , bring a swell of emotion to the surface ... but he fight it . a lose battle , as he eye well : jake ( cont 'd ) she be like you . seem to think I be a good man . ( finally , voice almost crack ) but I could not save either of you . a beat ... he bound hand gently touch she face ... jake ( cont ' D ) where 's the good in that ? his eye close . too much . jake ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , ella . and that sit ... then suddenly -- jarringly -- three more brave roughly enter , pull Jake up , force he out : ext . apache encampment - night ban ! we people be thrown to there knee in a large circle of apach . guard by warrior with tomahawk and -- whoosh ! a pyre be ignite and if we ever have any doubt about ella be dead , the brave carry she roughly past -- jake hey ! goddammit don't you touch -- -- he 's yanked back and hold in place as ... ellaig body be thrown right into the flame . Jake helplessly watch she burn . 72 . emmett be not you fault , Mr. lonergan . that thing ... be lookin ' for she . have a picture and everything . that break the spell . Jake look over -- jake what d' you mean ... 'a picture ' ? emmett floatin ' , like that arrow thing we find in its eye . before Jake can make sense of this , a teepee smoke flap open and out step the tribe 's sachem . this be grey wolf -- dark , wrinkle face enhance by tattoos . he take one look at he prisoner and speak a few word of apache . doc what would he say ? colorado " kill they . and make it quick . " Doc be amply freak . turn to Jake as five of the brave move for they , menacing -- doc now would be a good time to use you gun bracelet , my friend . but Jake be vacant . broken . all the fight seem gone from he . his bracelet doesn't move . dolarhyde 's grab first ... pulled forward by one of the brave , raise he tomahawk -- they be really gonna kill he -- dolarryde ( subtitled ) sop . don't do this . surprised look from just about everyone in the camp ( besides Colorado ) as we realize dolarhyde just speak apa on grey wolf -- intrigued as he approach dolarhyde : grey wolf ( subtitle ) how be it that you speak we language ? uolarhyue ( subtitle ) because I be a damn genius . grey Wolf 's fascinate this man have the audacity to be a wiseass give he circumstance . turn to the brave with the tomahawk -- 73. grey wolf ( subtitle ) forget about quick . make he feel it . the brave nods , raise the tomahawk again , but dolar interrupt : dolarhyde ( subtitle ) two hundred head of cattle ! grey Wolf hold up he hand , halting the brave 's death blow -- dolarhyde ( subtitle ) ( cont 'd ) I will have two hundred head of cattle u_a here in a day 's time if you let I go . on grey wolf . consider this . grey wolf ( subtitle ) and how do I know you will come back ? dolarhyde nod to Colorado -- dolarhyde ( subtitle ) you can keep my associate here . if I don ' t come back , you can kill he . Colorado react . he 's the only one here who know what the hell this two be say to each other as grey Wolf approach dolar , look right into he -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) why should I believe that you even care about this man ? dolarhyde 's eye flash emotion . quickly bottled . then : dolarhyde ( subtitle ) because he 's my son . wow . do not see that one come . grey Wolf level Colorado with that unyield eye -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) be this true ? and Colorado answer in english , for the benefit of the other : colorado yeah ... he 's my father . reaction . jake . emmett . doc . stun silence . and so : grey wolf ( subtitle ) Three hundred head . dolar look to Colorado , who will not meet he eye . his father 's eye . turn back to grey Wolf , hard -- 74 . dolarhyde ( subtitle ) two fifty . hold on grey wolf for a beat . then -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) cut he loose . the brave do exactly that . dolar 's free to go ... emmett hey ! what about =?!? on dolar . a flash of regret . but it 's go fast . dolarhyde what about you , kid ? and he just walk out of the camp , leave he son behind ... gone . and now , it 's back to business -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) kill all of they except the half - breed . we people be grabbed . Jake 's yank forward , pinned down -- a brave raise a hatchet to kill Jake , who glare back with lunatic eye . ready to die . almost want it : jake what be you wait for , asshole ? do it . and as Jake 's about to meet he death : fwoom ! the pyre suddenly billow , turning from orange to GREEN to white -- everyone back away as -- ella emerge from the pyre . wrapped in a caul of FIRE and lighti except she be not exactly ella . she 's a humanoid , incredibly close to we in physical appearance , she feature acutely feminine , yet ... aljm . pandemonium . the Apache kneel in prostration , dropping weapon as flame dissipate off ella 's backlit form . her skin return to human flesh - tone . Hair too . when she finally stop , she look like the ella we have come to know and love . stand there : ella . what ... happen ? on jake . Holy . shit . everyone else equally stunned . emmett you ... die . 75 . ella look around . fifty dumbstruck face stare at she . ella ( quietly ; caught ) . oh . off ella , who 's get a helluva lot to explain -- int . teepee - night a deerskin shirt slip down over ella 's naked body . ' a dark breechcloth be tie . she turn to we . : beautiful as ever . ext . teepee - night ella emerge to find ... jake . stand outside . the teepee . hard . and for a long moment , nothing be say . until she take a step toward he : ella if I would tell you on the boat , you never would 'a trust I -- -- but he take a step back . if he 's relieved she 's alive , he be not show it : jake do you hear what I say ? ella .. what ? jake when you be playin ' possum . do you hear what I mid ? he 's angry . yes , even embarrassed . and because of it , something have shut down in he again . that killer look be back . ella no. I be mendin' . ( beat ) it 's like sleep . his eye narrow , try to understand : jake how 's it you look like one of we ? ella I can look like whatever I want to . jake so you can not die ? 76 . ella sure I can . if my heart stop beat ... just like you . . jake you be nothin ' like I , ella . you be one 'a they . we can see that hurt she . but she deserve it , too . so desperately want to reach he ... ella I be not , Jake . I be from a different place . he be not sure what that mean . can he even trust she ? either way , she have answer ; . darkly : jake the one that take you . ( beat ) it kill she . that land on she . know and painful . ella they call he the slaver . he 's the one , give I the scar . break I . and make I watch ... while he kill my family too . even with he guard up ... Jake can not help but be struck . as the sound of howling wind take we to : ext . BOX canyon - rim - night a sandstorm ... through which a ghostly figure materialize ... the slaver . move with angry purpose toward the canyon bluff . as he look down into it , we hear the sound of machinery below . but we do__qt . yet_ reveal what it_ is__ he see . he stalk down , leaving frame -- as we hold on the field of twinkling star --- ella ( v.0 . ) for every drop of light in the sky , there 's another world . fill with life ... ext . apache camp - minute later - night ella 's in front of the campfire , surround by everyone 77 . ella we race be first to map the star ... that 's why they come for we . take we planet , piece by piece . slaughter anyone who fight hack . one who survive be turn into slave . tracker . she say this meeting the eye of grey wolf . there 's immediate simpatico here : a story the Indians could be tell . ella ( cont 'd ) they bring I aboard one of they scout ship -- a ship with only one purpose : to find other planet like mine . planet they can take ... people they can enslave . as the terrible gravity of all this hit everyone , jake be first to understand ... jake X lead them here . ella swallow . wrack with guilt . emmett well damn , lady , thanks a 1 . ella I never want this . ( a emotional beat ) but they get ... way . of make you do thing . her eye be haunted with memory . the inference be some kind of torture . she push it away -- stay strong : ella ( cont 'd ) be tryin ' to make it right ... try to blow the ship to hell by burnin ' up all they fuel , then escape down here . ( beat ) ' cept it do not work ... damn thing survive . jake where be it . Jake 's determine -- he 's get he own agenda . ella look up to that ominous cloud . that blue light flash ripple within : ella hiding in that cloud . Way I figure , they will find enough fuel to leave by tomorrow , midday . then they will bring back the other . 78 . doc " other " ? ella the whole fleet . they will take what they need . everyone on this planet . anything too weak to survive ... they will toss . like that cow . tomorrow . midday . hi noon . this be bad , bad news . nat colorado what would you mean , they be look for " fuel " ...? and before ella can answer , Jake already get it : jake gold . that 's why they be in a mine . ella ( nods , solemn ) . wherever it be , that 's where you escape from -- and it 's the only way back up to the ship . ( step closer ) even with you memory wipe , you instinct kick in -- ( he bracelet : ) that 's how it work , Jake , the bracelet read you impulse -- you wanna fight , it react . somehow you take it off one of them ... do not you remember any of it ? on jake . deeply stirred . as he look down at the bracelet and : memory flasbcutsi replay Pov as we be held down in that cave the terrifying ocular probe lower right in front of we eye one of the alien start to activate the probe -- it begin to flash steadily -- hypnotically -- puvtng our mind -- but we arm manage to break free -- a blade hide in we sleeve -- we slash off the . alien be hand -- grab the bracelet off its severe limb -- it coil around we wrist and activate : blam slam ! we blast the creature to oblivion -- we be free ! jake in present -- eye alive with memory : jake I -- I blast my way out ... memory flashcuti replay Pov as we run through the cavern -- escape -- a light at the end of the tunnel -- blinding SUN hit we as we emerge -- we eye adjust to see : 79 . that strange rock formation high above on the edge of a canyon -- the stone tower point to heaven -- jake in present : the sequence be complete for he now : jake ( cont 'd ) I remember see a tower ... make of stone ... on the rim of a canyon ... upon hearing that , grey Wolf suddenly speak in animated gesture , point North . Colorado react : ella what ? what 's he sayin ' ?!? Colorado turn to Jake , a flicker of hope : colorado that rock you be talkin ' about ... he - know where it be . int . underground tunnel - night the slaver enter the gloom of a underground cavern . two alien melt from the dark to greet he with frightening hiss . sentries . we hold on the wall as something glitter : gold . int . underground cavern - somewhere close on sheriff taggart reflection in murky water . as we tilt up to reveal he hang upside down . eye flutter open . he 's see better day . daze . turn he head slightly ... sheriff taggart you ... all right ...? drifting over to see maria . gravity pulling she hair downward . groggy . mostly scare : maria ( brave face ) . fantastic . you ? camera slowly turn , rotating 180 degree , to reveal they 're stuck to the ceiling over a water grotto . the whole town of absolution be here ... a hundred other from the now - crater town of winfield 's landing , foot embed in the orange resin . suddenly , percy dolarhyde see a terrifying shadow spread across the wall -- what look like a huge , coiling snake : percy dolarhyde h -- hey !!! the hell tha --?! -- but what come around the corner be a long metal tentacle : 80 . a scanning mechanism on its tip shoot out a blue triangular beam -- itemize specimen -- select one : sheriff taggart . mechanize talon open up -- taggart scream as he 's plucked from the ceiling like a apple from a tree : deputy charlie WADE kyle !!!! another metal tentacle slither in and grab WADE -- swinging we man across the cavern where we reveal ... . the tentacles be attach to a terrifying alien machine . taggart and Wade be pinned down on what look like a operate table . as they thrash , restraining clamp enfold they skull . a ocular probe loom _ q.xpr. they , this be the image _ e.'_ a_bem1 see ! this be what harpen to he before he escare ! worker - bee alien adjust the device over they eye -- instant x-ray read they retinas -- hypnotic -- as the man grow docile and limp despite they fight and -- flashflashtlashi the probe have erased there mind . catatonic stare . now the machine arm slip the man into separate translucent capsule . metal breathing tube be implant down they throat as the capsule begin to fill with a thick , blue liquid . this be the same blue goo -- a protective gel -- that house the cow in that jettison cocoon in the desert . more Worker be load the cocoon into transport shuttlecraft . we see containment hold fill with bleat cow and rearing horse ... all go through a similar cocoon process . all of this be overseen by the slaver , who stalk up a ramp behind the cocoon . the craft hum to life , undergear retract as it roar off down the tunnel ... ext . canyon rim - dann we people ride up a rocky slope with a few apaches . grey Wolf look around and speak , Colorado translate : nat colorado this be kiowa land , they sister tribe . as they near the bluff , Jake see the stone tower . dismount : jake that 's it . as they near the bluff , they hear the grow sound of that machinery . everyone dip low , peer over to see ... 81 . what look a whole lot like a cavalry fort in the canyon below , amid a network of trenches and underground tunnel . except this fortress be make of some kind of alien alloy , glow impossibly bright as its steel surface reflect the rise sun . drilling machine be chew deep into the earth , mining for gold -- these be the same drill that land in our open . massive receptacle be filled with huge chunks . alien move in and out , work , as if from a ant hive . doc Holy Jesus . like a damn fort . grey Wolf look to he man , grave , crestfallen as he realize : grey wolf ( subtitle ) the kiowa ... they be take too . suddenly , the roof of the steel structure blossom open like a chrome lotus ... and whoosh ! the shuttle transport fly out of the canyon , rising into the dawn sky ... ella transport . Way they get people and gold back and forth to the ship . doc place be crawl with that thing . we will never even get close . grey Wolf speak -- nat colorado he say there 's a back way in ... the twin Rivers run underneath this whole canyon . limestone tunnel up by the fall , couple mile East . lead right down there . Jake look to the sky . dark . determine . jake the slaver ... he 's up in that big cloud ? ella nod , hard . off they share determination , we score rise . a drum cadence that suggest a mission start to form : ext . apache camp - day doc . skeptical , eye narrow -- stare at Jake and ella -- surround by we team and the apaches back at the apache camp : 82. doc just so I get this straight ... three of that thing just kick the shit out of you entire gang , take we whole town , and now you two be gonna ride right into that fort , try to hijack one 'a that -- he pause on the word -- ella " transport . " doc -- ride it up to that space boat -- ella spaceshp . doc then bring it down here and get everybody off alive ? that 's you big plan ? Jake and ella share a look . simply : jake yup . doc and just how do you figure on get in there in the first place ? jake poke a hornet 's nest ... they swarm at 'cha . ella you gotta draw them out . buy we a distraction . a long beat of incredulous , do - you-believe - this -shit stare : doc you want we to storm that fort ? against that thing ? with less than fifty man ? it 's suicide . emmett it be not , it 's be do ! I read at school how ethan Allen and he Green Mountain boy take Fort ticonderoga , they be not but a small garrison and they be outgun -- ella we need all of you to make a stand . together . it 's the only way . 83. nat colorado make a stand with what ? Jake turn to the wagon they ride from Jake 's gang camp -- the whiskey crate . sweep up a bottle : jake this . a impossible mission . sure death . yet for the first time ... they have a advantage . emmett cut the moment with a big grin : emmett Hell , yeah . let 's squish some bug . grey Wolf chuckle , murmur . Jake look to nat for translation : jake somethin ' funny ? nat colorado yeah ... that you white finally know what it feel like to face extinction . now that we be on the same side , he say we can all die together . ( then ) they be with we . the look hold between they -- jake guess that mean you be not waitin ' for you dad to come back . Colorado 's face cloud . year of anger and resentment : nat colorado be woodrow dolarhyde 's son my whole life ... first time he ever cop to it be to save he own ass . ( not without emotion ) he 's not comin ' back . and as Colorado turn away , the percussion find another gear -- montage -- our clan prepare for battle : piece of cloth be ripped , stuff inside the whiskey bottle . molotov cocktail ... emmett work with apaches and they kide , roping wood together to build ladder and catapult ... war paint be apply to face in dark streak ... 84 . Jake slip on he coat . see emmett lead a horse to mount up with he bow and arrow quiver : jake not you , kid . emmett aw , hell , we be through this . ya can not stop I . Jake draw he gun , spin it in he palm , aim at emmett 's foot : jake I can shoot you in the foot . emmett bu111i11shit . Jake sigh -- bluff call . holster the gun and take a knee ... but just when we think this be gonna be a tender moment , he grab emmett by the collar , pull he close : jake you tell I you daddy 's all you get leave . want I to save he ass ? then park yours right there on the ground , you little shit . get I ? emmett 's nail . angry , but know he 's gotta stay . emmett yeah . I gotcha . Jake release he . happy move to ella but she tsk : ella stay with the kid , happy . the dog whine but comply , move next to emmett . Jake climb on he horse . look back to the boy -- now he ia tender : jake I will get you father back . bastard still owe I fifty dollar . the hint of a smirk ... long enough for emmett to smirk back . ella , Doc , and Colorado mount Â»p too , along with a 10 - man apache war party . Jake meet eye with grey wolf : jake ( cont 'd ) you will be ready ? grey Wolf nods . some part of the plan we have yet to learn . and now Jake start to trot off , ella beside he . this play just between the two of they : 85 . ella that 's a nice thing ... what you say to the boy . I do not know better , I would say you get yourself a sweet side . she smile . but Jake turn to she -- deadly serious : jake there 's nothin ' sweet about I . I tell that kid what he need to hear so he would not get in my damn way . all I care about be killin ' that thing . and ella react to the darkness in he voice . shake she head : ella I do not believe that . jake well believe it . I be play a part . ( straight at she ) just like you be . he crack the rein , riding ahead . hold on ella ... who finally follow as they all ride out and music soar : ext . desert plain - continuous jake , ella , colorado , doc and the apache warrior ride like hell toward there fate , slamming right into lens -- and we match to : ext . dolarhyde's ranch - day thundering hoove -- but it 's dolarhyde on he horse . rear near the servant quarter -- move fast toward a small hut : a hatchet be embed in a wood pile . dolarhyde yank it out . int . servant ' quarter - day the apache woman we see in the draw - and - quarter scene earlier be wash clothes on a basin board . she turn as -- dolarhyde enter . a menace figure with a blade in the doorway . she stand , alert -- in subtitled apache : the woman ( subtitle ) what be you do ? without response , he level the axe and slam it down on the floorboard . Wood chip spray until a gash be open . dolar reach in ... pull out a canvas bag . a few coin spill out ... cold . he pick they up -- look at the woman : dolarhyde ( subtitle ) need it to save nat . 86 . and now she worry become fear ; English now : the woman be he okay ? dolarhyde he 's gonna be . a storm of mix emotion in he eye . that stoic dolarhyde veneer start to crack ... just a hint ... as the woman move to he ... and touch he face . and he let she . whoa . we realize : this woman be colorado ' S mother . dolarhyde , for all he wick bluster , love a apache . dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) I will not let anything happen to he , Jenny . the woman ( softly ) come back to I . with that , he 's gone with the gold . leave she full of dread . ext . twin river fall - cavern entrance - day a cascading waterfall flow over rock face into the twin river . the water curtain cover a cavern entrance . the back way in . Jake , ella , Doc , Colorado and the apaches cross slippery rock and push through the water ... int . limestone cavern - continuous behind the curtain , they shake off the wet and remove torch from waterproof buffalo-hide pouch . firelight as we team creep along in a column . tense . Jake glance at Colorado : jake you and percy're brother , huh ? nat colorado ... half . jake so ... you momma and dolarhyde --- nat colorado we friend now ? last I check , you shot my ear off . jake ( a beat ; then ) want it back ? 87 . Colorado grumble , push ahead of Jake ... ext . fort huachuca - morning a buzzard pick at the ear of a dead gang member . more bird scavenge the dismember remain of jake' crew as the rest of its live member -- roughly 30 -- tend wound and get ready to move on . one of they look up ... .. and see a incoming rider on the horizon : outlaw bronc ! bronc and hunt look up . draw they gun . so do the rest of the gang ... until they see the rider 's wave a white flag . as he come closer -- they realize it 's dolarhyde : hunt one of they fella Jake be ridin ' with ! dolarhyde ride into camp , rearing in front of 30 gun bronc the hell you want ? dolarhyde it 's about what you want . he reach into he pocket and toss bronc a gold coin : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) lonergan steal you gold . that 's a taste of what I get -- more and you have ever see . it 's all yours if you help I get my boy back . the man trade look . bronc eye the coin . alight with greed : bronc who 's get you boy ? dolarhyde well , there 's the rub . ( beat ) I get two . off that -- int . deeper in the limestone cavern - continuous we team have travel far into the bowel of the cavern . Jake stop , torchlight reflect the gold in the cavern wall . Doc crack off a piece . pocket it . shrug : 88. doc in case we live through this . they sneak on down the narrow shaft till they be funnel into ... the water grotto where we townspeople be hang . now , gone . around the corner , the sound of engine powering up ... a transport . a dozen worker - bee alien try to corral the horse from the pen -- cruelly jabbing the animal with alien cattle prods . the mare rear and whinny . jake we be never gonna get close to that ship . silently . a dripping . glistening shape rise un from the water behind they . sway like a cobra ready to strike : we people turn ... the tube alien snatch one of the apaches , swallowing he in its thorny snout ! the indian scream -- jake light a whiskey molotov , hurl it at the creature : boom ! it keens , burning , spitting out the Apache . alerted , the dozen alien by the transport swarm at we heroes ! nat colorado C g_that shuttle . Colorado ready he tomahawk -- Jake meet he eye : jake knew there be a good reason I do not kill you . nat colorado just thinkin ' the same thing . the man trade fateful look ... then the Indians hurl molotovs at the charge horde : kaaa - boom ! alien twist and scream -- the apaches strike fearlessly -- but the alien quickly recover and shake they off , tear most of they to shred . the horse break free and crash madly through the cavern -- and this be the distraction Jake and ella need to make they run , for the transport -- up the load ramp : int . transport shuttle - mini cargo BAY - continuous ella slam a switch and the ramp draw up . Jake freeze : cocoon hang all around , fill with motionless human being . 89 . ella Jake - - ( he can only stare ) jake . she slap open a engineering hatch , drop down a ladder . he take a last awful look and slide down after she -- int . transport shuttle cockpit - continuous -- the ladder funnel into the cockpit . ella start tapping the console and holo-displays appear , alien text , rotate graphic . she slide into a seat -- ella strap in . dammit !!! jake into what ?!? ella jam a lever forward and the shuttle rise . jake grab webbing that must be some type of seatbelt , feel the sensation of ellqu as : int . cavern tunnel - continuous ella pilot the ship upward , thruster belching a wake of FIRE that scorch cavern wall and incinerate 6 alien ! as a horse streak by , Colorado grab a hunk of mane , leap on -- nat colorado ( subtitle ) let' go !!! doc come running frantically : doc don't leave I !!! Colorado pull Doc up onto the horse 's bare back -- no easy task with Doc 's 300 pound . the remain apaches ( 5 ) commandeer horse and gallop hard down the tunnel -- two alien jump on manta-speeder in pursuit ! int . underground tunnel - day the transport shuttle kamikaze through bi - secting tunnel : Jake have never move this fast , barely avoid wall as ella expertly pilot the ship . left -- right -- sideways -- up ahead , dim light spill from a fissure lead above ground : ella hold on . 90 . she crank back and the ship pitch upward -- int . transport shuttle - over the canyon - continuous the shuttle burst out into the canyon and skate the rim . Jake fight the g-forces and tooth - rattling turbulence as -- the craft keep spiralling up up toward ... the ominous cloud . as we come closer , a impossibly blue glow blind we : ext . upper cloud layer - continuous the shuttle blast through the upper cloud layer , to reveal ... the alien scout - ship . enormous and threatening , like a black metal claw . cloud bank encircle the ship as if it be the eye of a hurricane . on ella . like ice down she spine ... as we drift back to jake . try to find a word to describe this thing . finally : jake sheee -it . int . underground tunnel - continuous the rest of we heroes gallop fast out the criss-crossing tunnel -- ka-chinnng ! apaches be clamped with steel collar and yanked off they horse as the speeder roar in from behind ! Colorado veer toward a light as Doc ignites a molotov and they : int . alien fort - canyon - continuous gallop out into daylight , rigb-t_through the CENTER of the fort -- Doc throws he molotov and boom !!! alien go flying , on fire ! Doc throw another molotov , clear a path for Colorado to ride hard for the fort 's 30 ft . steel entry gate ... which start swinging close to trap they ! but at the last second , the horse slip through the narrow open as it thunder close . now the alien be piss off : ext . alien fort - continuous they start spilling over the fort wall in pursuit . a few mount speeder and launch as we guy ride down the canyon trench : , int . canyon trench - continuous Colorado and Doc zig - zag around curve -- like mouse navigatinga maze , so the speeder can not get a clear shot : doc they be gain on we ! 91 . nat colorado that 's the point ! and just when it look like Doc and Colorado be goner ... boom ! a explosion rock the canyon as something hurtle down from above -- whiskey molotovs fire from the handmade catapult . boom ! boom ! alien be vaporized , shrieking ! a cloudburst of flaming arrow brighten the sky as 20 apach rise up along the canyon rim : a ambush ! a assembly line of squaw work like a drill team , soaking whiskey rag and wrapping arrow . among they , emmett and happy ! the kid pock a arrow like a damn expert -- ignite it -- let it fly -- whoosh ! it skewer a speeder pilot who burst into flame , the speeder corkscrews into another one , both exploding : emmett yeahhhhh !!! the alien caught off-guard with no wm to turn around as from the opposite end of the canyon , a bellowing war whoop : grey wolf and he 40 apach charge in . a moving human wall crash ! the apaches hurtle into the flank of alien . lasers be meet with the crack of rifle and hatchet -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) take the fort ! ! ! the Apache leader spur he horse onward , lead man toward the alien bunker . a explosion consume frame , become the : ext . alien scout ship - above the cloud - continuous -- plasma FIRE of the shuttle 's burner as it roar toward the alien ship ... a speck against the behemoth : int . alien scout ship - command CENTER - continuous the shuttle sweep past the command center 's polarize window , where ... the slaver watch with evil eye . he 's on the upper level of a two - tier command CENTER . a dozen alien operate holo-console . readying the ship to leave . int . transport shuttle - same ella settles down on a glowing docking collar . with the two ship connected , the display flash a departure alert : 92 . ella jake -- dammit --- -- what --? -- what' wrqng ? -- she 's climbing back up the ladder , he follows : int . shuttle - ladder tube - continuous they quickly climb up the ladder tube -- ella engine be warming up -- get eight minute till the ship leave , and about one till automated retrieval -- jake -- autojamate what --? int . shuttle - loading BAY - continuous as they spill into the loading BAY , a clang reverberate : the airlock door -- at theirfey T the first explosive bolt shoot off . ella jam she shotgun into a sheath on she back , press herself flat : ella hug the wall . Jake do that beside she as the next bolt ping out -- ella ( cont 'd ) when they come at we , aim for they head . only way to kill them for sure . he look at he bracelet , adrenaline surging -- it activate : jake I will aim just fine . the last bolt fire and the airlock door shoot off : a multi - D hydraulic " grabber " rise into the mechanical limb swinging around inches from there face ! jake ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch ! the manipulator arm scoop up cocoon , pull they down the airlock : ella c'mon ! she jump through the airlock -- Jake have no time to think : 93. jake dammit -- and jump after she -- int . scout ship - " the farm " - continuous -- landing beside ella . start to pick himself up ... but what he see assault he mind . we rise up up up , ella and Jake grow smaller in what we now reveal be a massive hangar where : automate - arm plant recent arrival into a veritable forest of people and animal . level after level , thousand upon thousand of cocoon be suspend from branch - like limb . Jake pick himself up , look around the massive hangar in awe . ella ï¿½cidyaplqlwjj -- she pull he into a alcove as a machine arm swing overhead , flash a wide conical laser that inventory cocoon like the machine in the underground cave . as they crouch : ella ( cont 'd ) we can not let that thing see we or they ' will know we be here . she turn -- hit button on a console -- a door slide up lead to a series of corridor . she start to move -- ella ( cont 'd ) this will take we to the bridge -- but Jake do not follow . stare at she -- jake slaver 's up there --? ella I sure as hell hope not . jake then I be not goin ' with you . and now she harden -- ella you get any idea how big this ship be ? no ray you will ever find he alone . be like findin ' a needle in a-- -- slam !! Jake interrupt she by aim at the laser scanner and firing he blaster , blow it apart . the scanner eye crash to the floor , flame . a klaxon ring -- 94 . jake I be not gonna find he . he 's gonna find I . ella' furious : ella thanks for the head start . she turn and run . Jake move to that scanner eye on the floor , walk right up to it and stare into the shattered Iris : jake alright , you sonofabitch ... come and get I . int . alien scout ship - command CENTER - continuous jake' face appear as a thermal heat source -- fritzing as he stare into the scanner . alarm scream . the slaver fill with rage . and recognition . alien begin grab weapon but the slaver shriek for they to stop . we do not need to speak alien to understand : " he 's mine . " int . scout ship - corridor - continuous Jake have move out into the corridor -- blaster ready -- eye darting -- suddenly -- wham : a steel barricade slam down behind he . wham ! another in front -- wham ! he 's trapped , shut off from the passageway ... .. except one . a long , dark tunnel . a door at the far end hiss open : the turbolift elevator . on jake . understand ... he call be bging answe jake ( quietly ; hard ) okay . and start walk to the elevator ... as a scream take we to : int . canyon - day handmade ladder be swung forward onto the fort as apaches try to scale the wall , but be blown back by alien parapet sentries . on doc -- run triage on wounded warrior : 95 . doc I need more bandage now !/ you : lint and splint that leg ! grey wolf ( subtitle ) we be lose rank ! ! ! and then , out of nowhere ... the bang bang bang of 30 pistol fill the air as -- dolarhyde ride in with jake' gang ! a renew surge of energy as cowboy join Indians to fortify they rank : nat colorado you come back ! dolarhyde told you : I take care of my kin . Colorado know that 's as close to " I love you " as he will ever get . but the upswing be short - live as : a speeder whizhes past , drop a metallic bundle . it split open right in front of the fort 's steel gate -- piece hydraulically assembling themselves in second , become : the motherfucking supergun_of death . two lethal barrel spin to life , fire strange steel ball bearing in every direction . claw hook snap out of the ball , embedding in soldier ! one lodge in a gang member beside doc -- he flail : gang member help I !!! get it off ! a red spring - load pin depress in the ball 's center : ka - boom ! searing white light turn the officer toaash -- a alien grenade ! Doc go flying from the kickback , landing near : grey wolf -- fwwwwtwhck !!! another claw - ball clamp into the Apache 's shoulder -- he shout , struggle to pull it out -- doc don 't. stop , dammit !!!! the red pin start to depress -- poc lunge , jam he finger retjff&amp ; h_the pin and blasting cap . now he 's stop it from explode , but if he pull he finger out ... he die too . doc and grey wolf lock eye . they fate suddenly entwined as -- int . scout ship - turbolift - moving - continuous bar of light move rhythmically across Jake 's face -- burning with determination -- as he travel up in the turbolift . it slow to a stop . the door cycle open and -- 96 . -- the strangest thing happen . desert sand billow in a gust of ventilate air . sand ?! Jake emerge , block he eye : int . scout ship - junkpile cargo hangar - continuous -- the sand swirl and eddyy . visibility reduce to zero . as Jake push through , the air clear a little ... his eye widen . try to make sense of what he see : remember all that building that be pull up into the tornado when absolution be attack ? and that crater they find that use to be " winfield 's landing " ? it -'-s all - he in a junkwle hangar . Building piece . false front facade . debris pile on top of each other , tilted and twisted at funhouse angle . and the desert sand that be suck up along with it all . a glowing reactor cast hellish light on the dormant wreckage . weapon ready , Jake move past part of a brothel . jutting fragment of a horse corral . a creaking SALOON sign swing like a pendulum , clanks eerily . a steam pipe explode steam . Jake whirl -- and like demon ... 5 alien emerge . slowly . fanning out , take position as ... the slaver step out of the smoke , squarely face Jake . a ad_h@ -- be hold ella hostage . wrist blaster press to she throat . Jake and ella lock eye . she 's terrify , but stay strong . his hand linger at he hip , blaster ready . jake Drop the woman . we both know this be not about she . but the slaver only press he blaster harder into ella 's neck . almost grinning . and Jake meet the look -- jake ( cont 'd ) she say you be as bad as they come . Jake curl back the finger on both hand , cracking knuckle : jake ( cont 'd ) well , you ugly sonofabitch ... they say the same about I . a pipe spews steam -- unnervingly loud . then stop . jake ( cont 'd ) could 'a have you boy kill I five time over , instead you roll out the red carpet ... so let 's get it over with . 97 . the slaver hiss angrily at the challenge . push ella roughly off to one of he gang , who keep a blaster press to she side . vow ' o right the a ter of the " town " junkpile . the slaver -- he hand at he side , twitching . jake -- he hand be still . a pipe sprays steam again , screamingly loud and -- everyone draw ! but Jake 's insanely fast as he drop to a knee and fire gunsmoke - style -- blam slam ! the slaver 's hit and -- ella -- wrench she captor 's arm backward and he fire useless round into the air -- she take a hit in the leg as Jake shoot the captor with a shot to the temple -- Jake grab and pull ella to safety behind a shredd store front , take cover -- laser punching through the building wall -- ella spot a alien lung around a corner : ella behind you !!! Jake whirl , slam !!! the creature fly off its foot . jake stay down . ella do , and here come the rest of the alien as Jake gun they all down with perfect AIM . the reactor be hit in the crossfire and the ship respond with a turbine howl . corpse litter the floor ... all except for the slaver . a trail of fluorescent blood lead around the corner ... Jake whirl to ella -- she leg wounded -- jake ( cont 'd ) -- you alright ? in pain , she snatch one of that smart disc off a dead alien : ella reactor 's hit . if I do not get this ship on the ground soon , we be all dead ... ( try to stand , wince ) get I over to that turbolift . he sling a arm around she shoulder and lift she , help she to the elevator -- 98 . ella ( cont 'd ) put I inside . he do . she see he eye go back to the slaver 's blood trail : ella ( cont 'd ) I can manage the rest without you . ( tough ... but with compassion ) go do what you come up here to do . he look at she . at the blood . at the unstable reactor . and Jake lonergan make a choice : jake goddamnit . -- he get into the elevator with she . she slam the control pad , door close -- they start rocketing upward . she half - grin as she eye hold on he . and within they ... trust . and faith . jake ( cont 'd ) stop smile . ext . the battlefield - outside alien fort - continuous as the fort siege continue , dolarhyde and colorado gallop back and forth between they man : dolarhyde don't break rank ! hold you line goddamit ! we can take this for -- -- kathwam ! a explosion throw they off they horse . Colorado pick up he father and they start running low under stray beam of plasma FIRE , reach Doc and grey Wolf : the four men -- pinned behind the rock embankment : Doc 's finger be still stuck in that alien grenade , clamp to the bleed Apache 's shoulder : dol . arhyde ( cont 'd ) the hell iz that ? grey Wolf moan in pain . Doc shout to dolar : doc tell he to hold still ! if I have this thing figure right , long as t keep my finger under the red pin we will not blow up ! grey wolf ( subtitle ) what 's he say ?: 99 . dolarhyde ( subtitle ) he say we be all gonna die . colorado we need to pull it out of he shoulder ! dolarhyde I be not pullin ' anything ! ( re : doc ) he 's the damn doctor ! zzzzzzam ! more people be CUT down by the alien grenade cannon -- the blowback nearly knock the grenade out of doe 's hand -- doc shit ! dolarhyde get a idea . harden . look Doc right in the eye : dolarhyde alright , listen -- you slide you finger from under that pin , I will slip mine in and hold it in place . then you pull it out and I will throw it . Doc nods fearfully . dolar carefully slip he finger under the pin as Doc slip it out . phew . now Doc take hold of the grenade itself , nod " ready " to pull it out . grey Wolf brace for pain : doc on three ... ( dolar nods ) one ... t -- dolarhyde -- wait . everyone lurch from the tension interrupt : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) tell you wife we be clear . doc what ? dolarhyde -- you wife . Maria . we have a arrangement . I leave you saloon alone and she pay I off . on doc . reeling , now really confuse -- doc we be break . paid you off with what ? 100 . dolarhyde she steal from the people in you morgue . gold tooth , trinket , pocket watch -- it land on Doc : that 's why he fond the watch under they bed . doc I think she be cheating ! dolarhyde just robbin ' corpse . doc thank God ! ( and then -- ) wait . you hate I . why be you tell I this ? with genuine remorse : dolarhyde May not get another chance -- ( then ) -- and I still hate ya . a moment . forgiveness and atonement . grey wolf ( subtitle ) will you get on with it ? 111 doc and dolarhyde one ... two ... three ! and Doc rip the grenade from grey Wolf 's shoulder -- he howl , clamp tear out of he flesh . but they do it ! as more explosion decimate man , dolarhyde pull the grenade out of Doc 's hand , still hold he finger under the firing pin -- doc what 're you -- dolarhyde look at Colorado : dolarhyde tell you mother I love she . with that , he charge into the swirl chaos nat colorado wait ! -- but boom ! Colorado 's forced back by a explosion -- through the debris , he see he father run toward ... the supercannon 101 . dolarhyde hurl the grenade -- boom !!! it detonate in a million piece ! dolarhyde disappear in the blast ! colorado no !!!!! but he sacrifice 7m S the tide ! the explosion blows the fort' front gate off ! they topple on a whole bunch of alien ! a cry of victory as the human STORM through ! alien hurtle back in disorder -- int . scout ship - command CENTER - continuous the small alien bridge crew scramble to control the damage ship . the whir of the lift arrive , door OPEN and -- whoosh ! the smart weapon blur out of the elevator , slicing half a dozen alien in half -- circle back around to ella , who skillfully catch it as she run / limp from the lift with jake -- laser FIRE ignite the bridge as he make quick work of the rest and ella man a console , get to work -- ella we be go down fast . she call up telemetry on a holo - window : earth terrain -- the battlefield . set coordinate , vectore the ship that way : a whir as a second turbolift arrive ... and the slaver step qqt . wound , and very pissed off . Jake say to ella : jake no matter what . Jake and the slaver hurtle into each other , tumble off a catwalk , crashing into conduit and gunky water below . Jake stagger up but the slaver be huge -- slam Jake back into the water . pin a foot on he blaster arm -- crushing it . Jake howl as the slaver press a series of that hieroglyph marking on Jake 's bracelet -- the symbol light up in a unlock code -- and ka-ching ! the bracelet pop of.e. the slaver toss it into the gunky water . draw he laser whip -- whup -snap ! the white - hot tip lash jake' back , rip he shirt and burn -scarring he back ! Jake scream in agony as the slaver whip he mercilessly -- ext . skie above desert - continuous the scout ship scream down out of the cloud , toward the canyon : 102 . ext . canyon battlefield - continuous outlaw and apaches finish off the wounded , tomahawks ripping away tentacled scalp ! carnage and joy -- but then : a monstrous shadow spread over the battlefield . everyone look up to see the scout ship plummeting down -- grey wolf ( subtitle ) fall back !!! now !! now !! int . scout ship - command CENTER - lower level - continuous another laser whip SNAP and Jake seem do . now the slaver lift Jake from the water , crushing he wind -pipe . Jake flail , reaching for something below frame ... finally grab and stab it into the slaver 's side . the alien roar in pain and look down to see -- one of he own " ice tack " from he bandolier embedded in he side . it start to glow blue with a high - pitch whine : jake go to hell . the slaver' roar of defeat be CUT short as the motherfucker freeze to grey stone . exploding in a million piece !!! Jake drop , gasping . revenge fulfil . painfully start climbing a ladder back to the upper deck -- ext . canyon - battlefield - continuous as the human flee from the fort , the remain alien retreat to the last shuttle for escape ... start to lift off ... but find themselves smashing into the enormous hull of the ship as_it crashe _down ! int . scout ship - command CENTER - continuous Jake fall into the seat beside ella , strap in . Fighting the control , she sees the whip mark on he back . it tear she heart open . and because this might be the end ... she admit : ella I lie . jake ... I know . ella no , I hear what you say when I be layin ' there ... 103 . jake . taken aback . laid bare . as she say : ella ( cont 'd ) you be a good man . at least ... to I . the ground grow bigger out the window . her hand reach over for he . jake' hand clasp hers and -- ext . badland - the battlefield - continuous the ship plunge into the canyon and clear through the alien fort , ripping it into tidal - wave mound of shrapnel ... chews up a half -mile before slowly coming to a final , wrenching ... stop . the frame be white with dust and sunshine . as from the ether come ... emmett , happy , and doc , with grey wolf 's arm sling over he shoulder . among other face , White and Apache ... all of they proud warrior . stare in awe at : the crashed alien ship . dug deep into the canyon floor . something start to rain down . look at first like glitter ... until we realize it 's gold dust . from a open in the scout ship , the sound of thundering hoove as ... all the animal stampede out . then , slowly ... hundred of people emerge , daze -- they mind slowly waking up . White and kiowa - Apache abductee . doc rush in , search face -- no -- no -- no -- n-- there she be , he beloved maria , stumbling weakly toward he as tear run down she cheek . he embrace she madly , kissing every inch of she face as ... emmett push through the crowd , see sheriff taggart -- emmett paw !!!! paw !!!! the kid grab he father and hold he for dear life , as taggart stare back in a daze -- emmett ( cont 'd ) it 's I -- it 's emmett . and somewhere in there , recognition come to the sheriff 's eye ... emmett smile and throw he arm around he father again as -- the townsfolk of absolution and the apach find each other . families , lover , friend ... reunite . 104 . colorado move through the fallen body toward the lifeless form of dolarhyde , he father . eye welling , he drop to he knee ... a voice ( o.s. ) nat ? Colorado turn -- it 's percy . confused . like waking from a dream . see he father on the ground ... percy what ... happen ? and all Colorado can say be ... nat colorado he 's dead . that hang there . percy blink . and then -- percy who 's gettin' the ranch ? on colorado . at first , word that do not compute . then pure blind rage take hold and he fist fly , punching percy : nat colorado percy you sonofabitch ! he just stop ! nat , stop !!! save you worthless little life ! dolarhyde ( o.s. ) hey ! Colorado whirl -- dolarhyde be staggering to he feet , alive ! dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) no one 's gettin ' my ranch . stun , Colorado grins . percy spit blood , point accusingly -- percy paw , he -- dolarhyde smack percy across the face : percy ( cont 'd ) ow !!! what would you do that for ? uolarhyue for be a ungrateful little bastard . now shake you brother 's hand and thank he for save you ass , cause it 's more than you ever would 'a do bjm . 105 . chasten , percy glower at Colorado . grudgingly reach out a hand . so do nat . as they shake -- dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) that 's better . jake stagger through the crowd . and see ella . thgy do it . but she still look troubled . stare out at the vast desert ... jake . what be it ? ella we do not get all of them . some run oft . that land on Jake , as he too look toward the endless horizon . hold on they , together , a victorious but unresolved note ... we rise up over the sea of body and the crashed ship , until Jake and ella be just two small figure in the crowd ... fade to : ext . town of absolution - day a glorious sight : absolution in rebirth -- flush from all that gold . storefront brightly paint , the street alive . we pick up emmett run through the hustle and bustle with two apache kide . suddenly , dolarhyde , colorado and they gang ride in . sheriff taggart emerge from he office with deputy WADE : sheriff taggart emmett ! get over here !!! emmett -- what ? what would I dq ? sheriff taggart emmett get outta the road before you be run down ! if you ( overlap ) momma see y-- -- " see I playin ' in the street she would roll over in she grave and shoot lightnin ' bolt outta she eye , " I know , I know ! he run off . taggart smirk : sheriff taggart kid 's get a mouth on he . 106 . deputy WADE well , Kyle , consider he save you life , guess you will just have to grin' n bear it . dolar move up to taggart , tough as ever . the man hold look : sheriff taggart woodrow . dolarhyde Kyle . percy stews about something . dolar whack he upside the head : dolarhyde ( cont 'd ) go_ _on . grudgingly , percy hand taggart a sheaf of paper -- sheriff taggart what 's this ? dolarhyde claim to the land 50 mile west of here . I have sign it over to the township of absolution . ( off taggart 's look ) consider I be a businessman , I figure expansion 's in both we interest . need the sheriff 's signature to be official . sheriff taggart fifty mile west of here be where the goldmine be , woodrow . dolarhyde ( a beat ) that so . with surprise , taggart study the paper . smile : sheriff taggart what 's this about twenty percent go to the apaches ? dolarhyde glance at Colorado . a moment . but the harden rancher maintain he rock - solid facade : dolarhyde figure the only way not to piss them off be to buy them . sheriff taggart since when would you worry about pissin ' anyone off ? 107 . dolarhyde just sign it , goddamnit . with a grin , taggart gesture for deputy Wade to turn around and flatten the paper on he back , use it as a surface to sign : sheriff taggart I would say you be be generous , woodrow , but I know you would just be insulted . dolarhyde damn right . dolar give he hat a tip , then mount up to go -- and we rise up to the upper floor of the gold leaf SALOON , in the process of be rebuilt in grand style -- and move in on a window where : int . bedroom - continuous doc and maria burst through a door , tear passionately at each other 's clothes -- Maria moan as Doc kiss she neck : doc maria shh ! the worker will hear we !!! let they hear ! as they tumble back onto the bed , Doc lurch . reaches under he back to find ... a gold pocketwatch . doc what be this ? maria look at the inscription . he flip it open to find a engrave : " MI corazon ... por siempre . " Doc look up at she , move . then -- playfully : doc this look like Aldo mayberry 's watch ... maria shut up and kiss I . she pull he down , out of frame -- ext . edge of town - day a hand unty a horse from its tether bar -- it 's jake . saddle bag pack . a bark turn he around ... happy . yipping for Jake to follow . he grins . as music begin to rise -- hopeful : ext . arizona desert - day in a long shot -- the distant silhouettes of happy bounding through the shallow twin river , Jake follow on horseback ... 108 . ext . rim of canyon - day as Jake approach , apache sentries emerge from rock to keep outsider away . Jake tip he hat and they nod , let he pass . he near the bluff where ella , grey wolf , and the rest of the apaches finish lay dynamite det cord that trail down into the canyon . ella hear happy barking -- turn to see she dog with Jake . she smile as he ride up , dismount : ella second damn time that dog run off on I . jake second time he bring I to you . happy 's tail wag . the look between Jake and ella hold . and it seem freight with everything . finally , he break it -- glance at the apaches finish they work with the dynamite , and the remnant of the alien ship and fortress below . jake ( cont 'd ) look like you get everything set . ella eye Jake 's horse , load with gear . look up , clearly disappointed : ella where you head ? jake ( a beat ) get some mess to clean up . but she look at he . feadi . no liim . wryly : ella mess . jake ... yep . ( then ; off she look ) what . she walk right up to he horse . right up to he : ella I think you be ridin ' off cause you be just scared of what will happen if you stay . a inference here . ella 's go bold . Jake swing off he horse , land beside she . now . almost curious : jake and what 's gonna happen ? 109 . she step closer to he ... intimate : ella you know . a charge between they . all they wanna do be kiss ... but that would be too easy . and that wound of he , they have not quite heal . he drop he eye ; softly now : jake if I stay ... it 's not gonna be good for anybody , ella . a beat . she look off . nod . they say nothing . and now he slowly climb back on he horse . ella toughens : ella Heard some rumor outta abilene . weird noise at night . cattle mutilation . weather phenomenon . figure I would ride down there . give it a look -see . jake ( he eye narrow ) what 's ' phenomenon ' ? ella Big storm in place that do not get big storm . on jake . every fight instinct in he suddenly ignite , though he play it down : jake you goin ' down there yourself ? ella why ? you worried about I ? you bet you ass he be . but , he shake he head -- jake no , mar 'am . you can take care of yourself just fine . ( then ; tip he hat ) be seein ' you around . ella goodbye , Jake . he get back on he horse . start to ride off . happy bark and trot alongside he . bark bark bark . in dog that mean " do not be a idiot . " Jake glance over -- 110 . jake get the hell away from I , you damn mutt . ( bark , bark ) go on , get . he heel he horse , leave happy behind to whine . Jake ride off into the sunset . but he heart 's kicking in he chest . and this be pretty much where thing usually end ... but . Jake pull the reins as he sigh . turn the horse around . trots back to ella , whose smile widen as he close the gap between they . finally stop right in front of she . and despite he best effort to stay tough ... he just plain like she : jake ( cont 'd ) abilene happen to be on my way . he reach out a hand ... she take it ... as he pull her up into the saddle . ella grin ear-to- ear as she fold she arm around he waist . Jake -- ever the outlaw -- grumble : jake ( cont 'd ) stop smile , goddammit . he kick the horse and happy follow . ella shoot a goodbye look to grey Wolf , who nods . signal he man and fuse be lit : the dynamite fuse ssssssnake down the mountain -- reach the canyon floor -- into that limestone tunnel where cluster of dynamite have be place ... and as fuse meet explosive : angle - jake and ella cresting a hill -- b000000000000 MI the thunder of explosion make they rear . they turn back to see ... the twin river geysering up into the canyon . covering all evidence of the alien ship and 'q T. ella fold she arm tighter around Jake , she heart full . with a nod of private affirmation , he spur the horse with a hyai as the canyon behind they fill with rush water , Jake and ella ride hard into the fiery sunset ... away from the past , toward a future full of promise . fade out .